§,$iz% oi tht Jttanth. THE Diocesan Festival of 1893 has amply justified , the ' anticipation of those. who were in favour of holding;' it, notwithstanding the general depression in business and public feeling. The attendances at both tea-meeting and public meeting ? were even, larger this year than last year ; the arrangenaeiits, if that were possible; had been better planned; and all concerned in carrying them out— Organising Secretary, coinmittee, the 230 ladies; and the 100 stewards—played their parts to jierfectipn. ? SnmfiiTnn.vnidn.Wfi nnfifiiRinn wh,h n.n.npifif} fihrhnch tHe reservation of the balcony, up to the commencement of the organ recital, for the ladies who presided over the tea-tables, who would other Wise on the conclusion of their charitable labours have found all the seats from which anything could be seen or heard already taken up. Misunderstandings, however, were averted by the tact and good humour of those in charge of the doors, and, eventually, places were found for all who could claim them. Before the time fixed for the opening of thepublic meeting, the hall, as seen from the platform, made a very imposing spectacle. The gathering was an eminently representative one ; all the city and suburban parishes had furnished contingents to it, church women as usual greatly outnumbering the churchmen, but church-workers of both sexes mustering strongly. A ripple of glad 'welcome and congratulation passed over the Assembly as the venerable figure of the Dean of Melbourne appeared in his place, at the Bishop's left hand, a few minutes before half-past seven.' The speeches of the evening were few; but they, were weighty and telling. Certainly no one can complain this -year that the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund had not all the promineiiee given to it which the occasion demanded. The Bishop of Melbourne put the claims of the Fund strongly, but not a jot too strongly, when he maintained the. necessity of, liberal subscriptions to protect the clergy in the country from anxiety, discontent, and fear of man. '? The Primate urged the ditty of permanent self-denial to support a work which he regarded as 'a personal blessing, a social bond, arid a national benefit.' ' Mr. Justice Hodges, though he styled himself ' a miserable beggar,' and would not say a word to divert one coin from the relief of the destitute poor, gave from his own experiences in the Supreme Court an illustration, which will not soon be forgotten, of the abysmal ignorance that is the result of the want of religious instruction in our schools, and pressed home the question; 'What are we doing as a body to prevent this ignorance from being typical of the generation, and to justify our claim to be a militant Christian power in the land? The collection was taken up after an appeal from the Rev. W. G. Marsh, Organising Secretary, and amounted to £85 in actual donations. rilHE Board of Patronage met on Saturday, the 26th ult., at ?f the Bishop's Vestry in the , Cathedral Buildings, for the election1 of a clerk in; orders to the Incumbency of St. Paul's, Kynetpn, ; vacant through, the acceptance i by Canon Carlisle of St. Maryls, Hotham. Tljere were present— the Bishop, (in the chair), Archdeacons Langley and Herring, Canon Vance, and Messrs. ? Booth, Johnson, and Nesbitt. After some discussion, the. choice of the Board fell,.by a unanimous vote,, upon the Rev. Wi Stacey Chapman, D.D. Oxoh., Incumbent of St. Anselm's, South; Melbourne. We understand that Dr. Chapman has accepted the benefice, and is to be inducted early in October. By this appointment, the parishioners of Kyneton are again fortunate in securing for their clergyman one of theleading men of the Victorian Church— ran energetic worker, not afraid,; though in middle life, to face the toil and difficulties of building up a new parish from the beginning in so unpromising a district as Middle Park ; a preacher able andpppular enoughtp keep together, in One public hall after another, the old St. Paul's congregation, after the death of Dr. Bromby, the demolition of the temporary church, and the secession of the ladies' choir ; a scholar and divine whose standing and attainments would win him respect and preferment in- any Church of England community in which his, lot should be cast. Canon (now Bishop) Chalmers, Arch deacpn Herring, and Canon Carlisle have successively occupied the living of Kyneton. We can only wish for the new Incumbent that his ministry may be no less honoured, prosperous, and fruitful than that of each of his predecessors has been. rTHREE of the Bural Deaneries have now spoken, and with J-i one consent affirmed the desirableness of maintaining intact the existing system of Patronage. It must be no small consolation to the Diocesan Nominators, under the attacks that have been made upon some of their recent appointments, to know that their action has met with so general approval from their brethren in the country. We ourselves believe that it is not for the, interests of the diocese that any amendment of the Patronage Act. should be attempted this session. The friends of. the Act, knowing that strenuous efforts are likely to be made to upset its principles, will do well to postpone all minor differences and unite to defend it against changes which will Qertainly lead in the direction of Congregationalism. ^When we said 'for the interest -of the diocese,' we did not mean ' for the interests of the clergy.' It is most unfair to represent thef; question between diocese and parish as if it lay between laity and clergy. Not any one order only, but the whole diocese —we had , almost written the. whole Church— is the sufferer whenever injustice is done through the unfair promotion of the, less deserving; the neglect of righteous claims, or the leaving a man, fit for higher things, to rust or wear out in, the isolation and penury of the bush, while another, in no way his . superior, is lifted by the popular breath, before his apprenticeship is well served, to some post where all the conditions conspire to make the life noble and the work delightful. The Church is no exception to the general rule that, for a department to be well administered, preferment in it must go by principle and not by favour. There is reason to believe that efforts will be made so to alter either the constitution or the personnel of the Committee of Patronage as to secure the preponderance of votes to be on the side of the parish, in any case of conflipt between the local interest and the general. Those who consider with us tiiat the success of such attempts would be fraught with mischief to the Church, can best give effect to their views by maintaining in its integrity the Act, which keeps a just balance between the two interests, and re-electing the Committee who have shown them selves equal to its firm and fair administration. T|iyBEY year sees an increasing number of candidates presented J-^ at the Confirmation held in the Cathedral early in the spring. So marked is the preference shown by many of the clergy for taking the candidates to Melbourne over having them confirmed in the appointed church in their group — unless when the selection has fallen on their own church— that the numbers confirmed at the group centres are already seriously reduced, and there is reason to expect that before long, in. some at least of the: groups, only the young persons belonging to the parish in which the service is being held will be presented to the Bishop for the laying on of his hands. 'We do not' believe that it was ever intended, that the, Cathedral = Confirmation should take, the place to any parishes of thai provided for them in their own neighbourhood.; It was understood from the' first that it should be purely supplemental for the , benefit of; any. who,,, through illness or other unavoidable causes, had missed the opportunity of being confirmed in their ; proper group. For this purpose the Cathedral Confirmation is of great value, and we should be sorry to see it abandoned; but if it continues to be what it is now being made, the principal Confirmation of the year for the city and suburbs, either the group system should be done away with, as it is not well to have the theory of the diocese at variance with the practice, or some understanding should be arrived at as to the conditions on which candidates, from j the various groups can be presented in the Cathedral Church. . rpHE general meeting of the New Guinea Mission Association -*- was held at the Cathedral Buildings on the 4th irist. The1 Primate, who was present and spoke, gave some interesting details of the work now being done in New Guinea. The little staff of four, which has been bravely doing the pioneer work of the mission, has been increased by the arrival, at.Dpqura, of Mr, Cyril Elwyn, from Sydney, and two Kanaka boys from Brisbane. It has thus become possible for new work to be begun.1 Mr.' Kennedy has left the headquarters at Dpqura, and, commenced operations at Taupota, a village lying between Doqura and Samarai. One of the Kanaka teachers has been sent to Chad's Bay, which, it will be remembered, was the; place originally chosen as the headquarters of the mission. Mr. Elwyn is to begin work at Boyanai as soon as certain troubles among the nativ.e tribes, which are now; engaging the attention ; of , the Government, are settled. This extension of the work is made possible by the arrival of the mission sohobner, the Albert1 Maclaren, which will make communication between the .various stations more comfortable and safer than it could be as long as the only means of conveyance was an open whale-boat. ' The friends of the mission will see that satisfactory work is; being, done, and that there is promise of yet more in the future. The great and urgent question is the question of maintenance. Cans we, go on, and keep the work at its present level ? Can we go on yet further, and send yet more labourers into this new har vest field? The concluding words of the Primate's address were just the words needed now : 'The mere , fact of a great depression ought to appeal to us for more self-denial, effort, and prayer. Mission work is Christians trying to make Christians. In proportion as we are Christians in more than name, .shall we persevere in making the effort. We must go on in spite of dis appointments. They are Bent to stir us up to more prayer, greater pains, and longer patience.' , THE Bishop of Melbourne, in the address with which; he, opened the meeting, made feeling allusion to the, great work of the late Rev. A. A. Maclaren, who by his great zeal had succeeded in interesting in the New Guinea Mission residents of Melbourne of long standing who had never before seen the im portance of mission work. But because the infliience' of Mr. Maclaren was so very great, the danger arose that interest in the work would collapse when, his influence was. withdrawn. This, indeed, seems to have been the case. ' The £1400' subscribed' in the six months during whichthe Rev. A.; A. Maclaren was in, Melbourne, compared with the ^250 subscribed in the last year, seems to show that much of the enthusiasm was for 'the man rather than for the cause. Yet the work that he founded; remains, and, has to be carried on, and we must not let our interest in it expire because our friend is dead. ; - IN the particulars about the New Guinea Missiion which the Primate gave, he mentioned that the mission-house at Doqura, which is the. handsomest . and completest building in New Guinea, and the providing of funds for the buildingof whichwas the task which the Rev, A. A- Maclaren had, set/ before the, Colony of Victoria, has been finished at the total cost of £2435. Towards this amount there was subscribed the sum of ;£1417 in the Diocese of Melbourne, and JS51 in that of Ballarat, leaving a balance of ^£900 to be made tip by the general funds of the, mission. This unforeseen expenditure has been i, a heavy strain; upon the : funds, and furnishes another reason why, Church people in this diocese should make an effort to^ increase the amount contributed to the support of this mission. The Committee of the Association in their report express the hope that means, may be found, during the ensuing year, of making the work, and surroundings of the mission more .widely, knowfi, and thus increasing the1 area of interest in this the newest and- not least important of the missions of the Church of , England. .But such an undertaking means expenditure, and- it should be remembered that, evenin raising support for a mission to heathens, it is money which makes . .money.. .,;,;?.-?. ?? ;?????? ? .' .. .. ???'-.? ? ? ? ??.? ? ??? TIjTE have, before us the Report of the New Guinea Mission .:'';. Association for the year ending August 31st, 1893. The . total iof subscriptions is little less than for last year. It is feared, however, that inconveniences will accrue from the fadi that much of the money subscribed in Melbourne is shut up on deposii in ?the Bank of Victoria. The Committee wish all collecting cards to be returhed,as the two years for which they were issued have .expired. The news .from the Victorian members of, the mission staff is most satisfactory. Mr. and Mrs. Tomlinson and Mr. : Kennedy are in good health and working energetically. The latter has sent to Melbourne a collection of photographs of New ; Guinea scenery, which are now on sale at the Book Dep6t. The ;mission was to be reinforced, as already mentioned, at the close of ?the year by the arrival of Mr. Cyril Elwyn, from Sydney, with two Christian kanakas from Brisbane. Work was to be commenced at a new centre, Didiwaga; the new station to be equipped with mission-house, furniture, and a whaleboat out of the donation made by the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge. The Albert Maclaren, mission vessel, is now at Bartle Bay. The total amount subscribed in Victoria from June 13th, 1892, to July 10th, 1893,: was ^257 OsJ 5d., of which £L56 is on deposit in the Bank of Victoria. . ,..,. .: . ,,,. 1_ ? _? ? .,...?? ' .:.,': ,,? pHRIST Church, South Yarra, was the scene of an interesting y commemor.ation on August 17th, when the parents of the Vicar celebrated the 50th anniversary of their marriage. At eleven o'clock the old people partook of the Holy Communion with four of their children and some twenty friends. Later a family gathering was held at the vicarage, while many old acquaintances called in the afternoon to present their congratu lations. Thirty-two years ago the Archdeacon and Mrs. Tucker arrived in Sydney with six children. Now, 32 descendants 'call them blessed.' Not one have they, or theirs, lost. rjlHE Archdeacon received his early education at the old school -* beside the cathedral at Canterbury, where he was baptised and confirmed. In early days he was intimately associated with Brook Foss Westcott, whose aunt was married to Mr. Tucker's uncle. For a while, owing to excess of-; a zeal not then recip rocated in the Church, the paths of usefulness of the two men drew apart. After undergoing a second course of study, how ever, with Archdeacon Wood, of Nahtwich, Mr. Tucker was ordained in. 1853, at Chester Cathedral. Sometime curate at Wilton,; Cheshire, he was in 1855 preferred to the living of Holy Trinityj 'Northwich, Cheshire, where he laboured for six years. In 1861 he was induced by his cousin, Dean Mee, of Grahams town; at one time Secretary of the Bible Society, to go to Aus tralia in the interest of that venerable society. The degree. of D.D. was conferred upon him in 1863 by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Declining the Archdeaconry of the Western District and other posts offered to him while -serving the Society, Mr. Tucker, after taking charge of Holy Trinity, East Melbourne, for twelve months, accepted, in 1869, the Archdeaconry of Beech worth and Sale., There, with devotion and success that have stamped themselves on the Church in the North-east, he laboured unceasingly until his retirement in 1885. Archdeacon and Mrs. Tucker* who are ' hale and hearty,' have lived of late with one or other of their married children in Victoria or New South Wales. ' 1/TADAME ANTOINETTE STERLING is a brave and pure -'-*- minded woman, and her out-spokenness in a good cause should command the respect and admiration of all true friends to yirtue and morality. She made a mistake, we believe,, m springing a subject of great delicacy upon a mixed audience -who had no notice or idea of what was coming, but what she actually said was good and helpful, and absolutely devoid of all grossness of thought or expression, and, her critics who were so free with their cynical comments upon her hystericaremotionalism would have themselves appeared in a better light had they evinced more consideration and sympathy for a lady who, out of the most disinterested desire to protect the helpless and erring of her own sex, so far conquered, for their sake, her natural reserve and shame as to force herself to* speak plainly in a public assembly things to which even in private it is repugnant to a modest woman to allude. It is treason against the public morality, when high-minded women are found willing to; brave a distressing publicity for the good of their weaker sisters, to make their position intolerable by hurtful sneer or degrading com parison. ? . . . . :[:'(? rjlHE induction of the Rev. Canon Potter into the living ;, of -*? All Saints', St. Kilda,-is to take place at Evensong, on Monday, 18th inst. The sermon -will be preached by Canon Handfield, of St. Peter's, Melbourne. npHE Bishop of Liverpool makes a vigorous appeal to Chu^ch -'-?' men to be active and- vigilant, in his pamphlet entitled ' Buy a Sword.' The outlook, not only for the Church, but for Christianity, appears to him gloomy and menacing. The Higher Criticism is seeking to undermine 'the inspiration, supremacy, and sufficiency' of Holy Writ. The general cry for Disestab lishment means more than jealousy of the Church; it is the throwing off by Governments 'of Christianity and of God.' 'Signs political, signs' social, signs ecclesiastical, signs moral, discomforting signs of all sorts and descriptions, are to be seen in every quarter of the horizon. The gradual concentration; of voting power in the hands of the half-educated working classes — the increasing strikes and divisions between capital and labour — the. fierce bitterness of political opponents — the painful separation of Churchmen into two distinct parties — the absence of millions of our countrymen from any place of public worship — the enormous amount of drunkenness, gambling, and Sabbath breaking — the painful growth of systems of elementary education under which children are sent forth clever about this world but utterly ignorant about Christ, the Holy Ghost, or the way^to heaven — all these are great black facts which no one can deny.' Is it not strange, with signs of the last days thus forcing them selves on our notice from many different quarters at once, to find no place given to eschatological questions in the programme, of our coming Congress ? Surely one afternoon or evening might with advantage to devotion and faith be set apart for the discus sion of subjects bearing directly on the Christian Hope? .; \ TRELAND has had her wrongs at the hands of England' in ?*? days past, and may even now have grievances calling for redress. No reader of history can deny that we have done much to provoke the bitter spirit towards English rule with which the whole Celtic population are inflamed. But if anyone imagines that the concession of Home Rule will conciliate' the feud. and substitute a friendly feeling for a hostile, he is egregiously'mis taken. Whatever kindly disposition the grant of a constitution may elicit it is certain will vanish at once, and be replaced by feelings of wrath and hatred at the first attempt, on the part of the older Government, to restrain or dictate to the independence of the younger, and such an. attempt can hardly be regarded as distant. There might, have. been a time in. the last fifty years when to have given Ireland. Home Rule would have .led to no internal disruption. As it is, we shall be leaving the country, to manage its own affairs with civil war threatening and ready to break out on the first occasion. How long do we think it wiU be before that occasion is given, and the North and South are com mitted to a fratricidal strife ? And when once the quarrel has begun is it imagined, Home Rule or no Home Rule, that the English people will sit still . and see the long; vendettas of ,race and religion wreaked upon. the colonists; of the North?; Yet to interfere then, even by so. much as remonstrance, after once having granted automony, would be to commit in the eyes of Home Rulers a worse crime against Ireland than any wrong we have ever done to her industries or her religion, and would be held' to justify the throwing off of the British allegiance and the alliance with England's secret or open enemies. England's troubles -with Ireland in .the past will seem child's play compared with those ' which she is preparing for herself by the passage of the Home Rule Bill. ?? ? ?.-/.,??: a TS7'E are requested to state that Mr. Robert Wilton*, late of ' . Drysdale, is no longer an Honorary Reader in the, Diocese of Melbourne. . - !j : i 