Local and General. THE GEOEOB-STBEBT TROUBLE.—A battle royal seems imminent between tbe Parramatta Borough Connoil and the tramway authorities. At any rate, tbe Council's solicitor, and llr. G. W. Donald, manager for the company, have, as appeared from the documents produced at Monaay'smnnicipalraeetingjbeenwritingletters threatening war to the knife. Briefly, the case stands thus: Under the Act, the tram company haB to keep in order the centre of the thoroughfare which forms the gauge between the rails, and also strips, each eighteen inobes wide, outside tbe railB. Tbe Oonncil now threaten legal proceedings, on the ground that the tramway portion of the road is not kept in repair. The tram company also threaten proceedings, alleging that the Council have neglected to keep their macadamised sides of the street in repair, allowing them to subiide. and break away from tbe company's asphalting, with the result that tbe asphalt is chipped by passing vehicles. At present, both sides present a determined front, and if neither gives way the logical sequence must be that verymuch-to-be-deprecated extreme measure of resorting to a court of law. {Meanwhile, Mr. Donald notifies the Council that " should any claim for damages arise, we shall hold the borough liable." " LBS CLOCHES DE CORKBTXLLE."—The bells of Corneville rang but, right merrily, on Wednesday evening last; and a full house (one such as " The Bells " are of sufficiently eweet tone to draw again and again, yet) stepped to listen, and to admire and enjoy. The piece ran even more smoothly, perhaps, than on the previous occasion on whidh it was staged. And some of the performers roBe to greater heights than before, in tbeir spirited and intelligent impersonations of the characters allotted to them. Mr. S. G. Goodin's " Father Gaspard " was unanimously voted a very triumph for the gifted young amateur, whose successes^ in " Joseph," years ago, and in the " Major- General," last year, will long live in the memories of his fellow townsmen. One or two little contretemps (trifles in themselves, admittedly) which attracted attention, only servfed to heighten tbe admiration, of those listening to the opera, for the star's playing. Notably, was this the case when some of the miser's golden guineas rolled, untowardly, out of the shroud with which be was about to plajr the ghost: No one took maoh notioeof the incident, for the actor went on with his part, nndistarbed! Mr. S. J. Ferguson (The Baillie), Mr. Burkitt (a really clever Gobo).were, like Mr. L. Proudlock (Marquis ae Qorneville), at their best. Miss Klein looked as pretty as a picture, and played with much naivete. She made a good, impression in the first village scene, when the " Ding-ding " melodies were introduced (and she never lost the charming hold on tbe audience); and at no liter time dnring tbe evening dicl any of the lovely stage scenes surpass the one produced on that occasion. Later on, the performers got a thorough grip of the spirit of the opera; and, revelling in the music, succeeded in wanning the honse into much contentment and enthusiasm. Miss Colley threw a good deal of life into her Setpolette— too mnch, some thought, for, harum-scarum as the peasant "rubbish" -is supposed to be, there is, in even her constitution," room for a little of the natural. In striving after effect, e the faircomediennesomewhat over-did her part, for her lapses from the role of wilful waif into stage quiet, were, like her entrances into her active business, rather too abrupt to be anything bnt artificial. The lady has a good future in front of her if she can only trust effect to take care of itself. The splendid scenery painted by Mr. J. Campbell (who deserves high honors in connection with the production of the opera), appeared to charm the audience, who testified their appreciation of the artist-actor's high-olaaa efforts with loud applanse. Tbe music, controlled by Mr. Watters' baton, was sparkling with beauty and general merit all through. Bruaano Billet Wood, any length, New- ONtle and Mountain Coal may be obtained from Messrs. Jones Bros., Wood and Coal Merchants, Maoquarie- street, Parramatta. See Price List in another column.—ADV. • A FAULT MTSTBRT.—Last week Parramatta and district were visited by a man in quest of information tending to prove that a certain individual is entitled, asBOD and heir, to a propert of great value in this colony. The story runs that a wealthy squatter's eon was spirited away in mysterious iaabion, by either an interested relative or by gypsies, an objection to tbe latter theory being that specimens of tbe Cingary tribe, either tenters or house-dwellers, are hard to find in this country. The fairylike tale proceeds that the boy, who was supposed to have died in infancy, has since attained his 46th year, is reading in Sydney, has just unearthed his own identification, and is working heaven and earth to prove himself entitled to the worldly^possessions of tbe squatter, now deceased. Hence the visit to Parramatta of en emiBBary armed with half-a-dozen family portraits, some old-fashioned and some brand-new, who has been buttonholing many of'onr oldest inhabitants in the hope that they might be able to kiss the book and swear that the claimant— both as a lad and as a grown man—is as like , his daddy as two peas, or to afford other information towards expediting the deno&men; what this trusted agent considers will be the greatest sensation ever disclosed in an Australian Court, not even excepting the vagariee of the only Boger. A very urge proportion of f the moneys left behind him by the squatter, has been expended in the endowment and maintenance of benevolent institutions. PABBAMATTA COCKCIL. — The Parramatta Borough Council met on Monday evening. Present: The Mayor (Aid. Byrnes) and Alder- men Taylor, Saunders, Withers, Cox, Dixon, Campbell and Watters. Half-a-dozen motions, standing in Aid. Taylor's name, were carried, to the following effect:—(1) Tbat Mr. Love's report, with reference to the asphalting from Lennox Bridge to Phillip-street, be carried oat forthwith, the danger to persons' using same being very great; (2) tbat the Railway Commissioners be informed of the dangerous state of the road from Churcb-street to the railway station; (3) that Mr. Love report the probable cost of fillingin and metalling in George-street, from Queen's Wharf to Churoh.street, each aide of the tramway line; (4) that tbelnspeotor of Nuisances notify owners of vacant land in Parramatta tbat, if they neglect to clear it of burr and thistles, tbe Council will do the work, and issue summonses for the expense; (6) that effect be given to Mr. Love's report re laying down pipes in Phillip-street, to the corner of Smith-street, and thence to the river, the cost to be defrayed out of the £276 paid by Govern ment for removing tbe nuisance from Macquarie- street Asylum; (6) that a stind-pipe, or cart-filling fountain, be erected in Macquariestreet, at a oost not exceeding £6, to be tiken from the Water Account. Box Bnxnr WOOD, any length, per ton. 12s 6d. Newcastle Large Coal, per ton, 20s. Metropolitan Large Coal, per ton, 16s. Cash on Delivery. M. King, Wood and Coal DepOt George-street, Parramatta.—ADVT. DISTRICT COCTET.—The next sittings of the Parramatta District Court are set down for the 29th inst. This day (Wednesday) is the last day for filing plaints for distances over lO miles; for distances under 10 miles, plaints may be filednp till tbe 17th inst. FABBAKITTA BHKBVOLENT SOCIBTT. — The monthly meeting of the Parramatta Benevolent Society was held on tbe 1st inst. Present :— Archdeacon Gunther and Messrs. C. B. Cairnes Walker, Todhdnter, Dalmas, J. W. Withers, G. Oldham, J. Byrnes and Drake, and Mr. D. Watsford (secretary). An apology was received from Mr. A. C. Willis. Monthly fecco amounting to £8 14B 3d, were passed for payment. During tbe month the society had relieved necessitous Bases with' 42 meals and 49 beds; 36 families bad been relieved, where the bread-winners were out of employment. For three men constant employment had been found and others had been assisted somewhat similarly. The secretary's report was adopted. HAPPY THOUGHT LODGE, I.O.G.T.—This lodge met as usual on Wednesday evening, and waa fairly well attended. The meeting was presided over by Bro. J. Pickering, C.T. The correspondence included the quarterly circular from the Grand Secretary. This being tbe first night of the new quarter, the reports for past term were read from the secretary, treasurer, financial secretary, marshal, and finance committee, and were adopted. Tbe L.D. (Bro. J. Drummond) installed the newlyelected officers:—C.T., Bro. A. E. Gazzard; V.T., Sie. E. Smith, sen.; secretary, Bro. W. H. Fairweather; assistant secretary, Bro. J. _T. Bridge; chaplain, Bro. Moran; financial secretary, Bro. J. Ham; treasurer, Bro. Morgan ; marshal, iBro. J. Donkin; D.M., Sis. E. Smith, jun.; guard, Bro.C. Hughes; Bentinel, Bro. J. W. Smith ; P.C.T., Bro. J. Pickering. The C.T.-elect announced the oommitiee for tho quarter; after which hu presented'« syllabus for the working of the lodge, which waa adopted, with slight amendments. A recommendation of the programme committee, to arrange for an entertainment at one of the asylums at Parramatta, was adopted. THE GRANVILLE UNEMPLOYED QUESTION.— At last meeting of the Granville Borough Council, the Mayor announced that he had received a petition signed by Mr. John Nobba and 67 other residents of the borough, who, "bring deeply impressed with the prevailing national distress and stagnation of labour employment," were of opinion that" necessity existed for immediate legislation, eo that these conditions might be relieved." They, therefore, asked the Mayor to convene a publie meeting of the inhabitants of Granville to eoneider the position, with a view of urging upon Government sach remedial measures as wonld aid .the development of industrial enterprise, and open up avenues to the remunerative employment of labour.—The Mayor said he had much pleasure in complying with the request of the petitioners, and the Council-Clerk would convene a meeting by advertisement. — The meeting was held accordingly, on Monday evening, Mayor Palmer presiding. Speeches were made by Mr. J. Nobbs, Mr. G. McCredie, M.P., the Mayor, Mv. A. Gee, J.P., and others. At times the impatience of the audience was plainly manifested in accusations levelled at the speakers, of "talking electioneering rot, at the expense of starving men's interests." Mayor Palmer made a very forcible protest •against the cruel, *n-Chrietian charaoter of social conditions whioh produced results, affecting the "unemployed," all the world over, such as are now seen in New South Wales. The meeting decided to approach the Government, through tbe head of the municipal executive in Granville, to urge that the Mining on Private Property Bill, and such-like measures, should be placed befere Parliament without delay. CRANE ACCIDENT.—An aooidemt ocaarred on Tuesday afternoon, .on tbe job now being -undertake)! by -the .ioM municipal authorities, of removfag the' «>ncrete walls in the bed of the'talt'water river, just below Smith-street. Tbe crane in use at the .time gave •W«y'. and one of the workmen nsimed "Geo'TBawkina and a comrade were injured in the smash -which ensued. Neither of tbe men was very seriously hurt. The name of the second man hurt .was G. Sallaway. The particulars to be obtained at the Town Hall yesterday were meagre; but on visiting the scene of the accident we learned that the crane was being shifted,—when, tbe bar of one of the guys giving way, the whole Cbncern came down. One of Sallaway's legs was hurt: Hawkins appeared to suffer, after the accident, more from fright and shock than from any specific injury. FRUITGROWERS' UNION.—The regular monthly meeting of the Parramatta Branch of the Fruitgrowers' Union was held last Saturday' afternoon, at the usual place of meeting, George-street. In tbe absence of the President (Mr. Cairnes), Mr. V. P. Tamsett was voted to tbe chair. After disposing of the routine business, Mr. A. Benson, of tbe Department of Agricultare, read a lecture upon manures, which was listened to with considerable attention. It iB understood that the lecture will be printed for tree distribution. THE LAMS, MERCANTILE AND INVESTMENT AGENCT, 606-608 GBOBOB-BTBBBT, SYDNET.— Purchase and sale of stations, farms, land' and house property undertaken. Investors with money to lend, invited tc apply fer particulars of sound mortgagee investments. Partnerships arranged; money awaiting investment in sound businesses; good businesses for sale. The sale of patents negotiated in all parts of the world. Capital found for sound inventions. 8peoial attention y given to the conversion of private businesses into companies. Pamphlet entitled '.'Advantages of converting a business into a company, with limited liability," forwarded (gratis) on application. Schemes prepared and estimates given {five, of voharge) of the cost of converting businesses into.oompanieB. Pamphlet entitled " Mining made a remunerative Investment," forwarded (gratis) on application.—Asvr. LBISDBB Hons CLUB —A concert in aid ot th$ above club was given in tbe Congregational Ball on Wednesday evening last. There was a good attendance, and the following items wefe very well rendered :—Overture, Watters' String Band ; song, " Mona," Mr. W. Byrnes; duet, " List to the convent bells," MisBes Purnell; song, "Cricket on the hearth," Mr. Southon; violin solo, " Caprice Pechotscb," Mr. Maling (encored); song, "Four jolly emiths," Mr. Briggs; duet, " The happy police- t of man," Mias Newling and Mr. Hines (encored); song, " Waiting," Miss GateB (encored); glee, "Herein cool grot and mossy dell," Choir; song and chorus, " Good-bye, Mavourneen," Messrs. Southon, Horn, and Baker (encored); dnet (piano), MiBses Barker and GateB; recitation, " The bicycle," Mr. T. D. Little (encored) ; song, " The Christian martyr," Miss Purnell; song, " Tell her I love her so," Mr. Fairweather; violin solo, Mr. Maling (spoored); song, "Hear tbe wild winds blow,' Mr. Briggs. The Bev. H. Gainford (president) mentioned that it was the intention of tbe committee to arrange for similar entertainments about every two months in order to meet the working expenses, and arrangements were be. ing made for a gymnasium in tbe hall. Tbe choir sang, "Sleep, gentle lady"; and "God save the Queen " brought a pleasant entertain* ment to a close. Mr. Fairweather 1B to be congratulated on tbe success orowning his enterprise, which gave the sum of about £7 to go on with. 