A True Giiost Story. « Sir Richard Owen h-d two remarkable ghost stories, which it was a high privilege to hear him relate. The one about to be recorded here was perhaps the better of the two ; but its quality can scarcely be judged of when detached from the peculiarly ex pressive style the old Professor had, which added a charm to his telling of the story. In his early days, when he held the post of surgeon to to the prison as Lancaster, A NEGEO DIED IX THE GAOL, and a post mortem as well as an inquest was necessary. After the inquest the young surgeon saw the body put in the coffin and the lid screwed down, to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the time been already attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and negros heads were not plenti ful ; so he made up his mind that tins one should not be lost to the cause of science. In the evening he returned to the prison with a black bag containing a brick — from his official position he had no difficulty in getting admittance to the mortuaiy, where the coffin lid was unscrewed and screwed down again. During this pro cess THE BBICE AND THE NEGBO's ttkati CHAXGED PLACES. The ground outside the principal entrance to the gaol had a considerable descent ; and the time being winter, with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length — the b ig went from his hand, and the head tumbled out, and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up, caught the bag, and following the head clutched it ju3t as it finished its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vanished out of the - shop with alL the speed he was capable of. Next morning, when Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, he was called in joy the woman at the shop where the accident had occurred on the pre vious evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a fright the night before that had caused him to LOOK WILD AND DAZED-LIKE. The man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who had been in many adventures amqngthe West Indian Islands, when many deeds were done that did not at that time re quire to be accounted for. Among these had been the killing of a negro in which he had a hand, and the transaction had left a touch of TROUBLE ON HIS CONSCIENCE. After giving these details the old cap- i1? , tim horrible event that took place the night before. He was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he had been fliinUng of the negro, when suddenly he saw his very head roll into the shop in front of the counter and it was followed by the Devil, aU in black, with a black hag in his hand. The Devil snatched up the head, and both disappeared through the earth like a flash of lightning. (The de scription was perhaps not quite complimen tary to the young anatomist, but St was satisfactory so far that it .showed that bis identify had not been recognised. — " Daily News." . 