"Life for Life." A j}7tAi\TAj romantic and sensational, satisfied, theatre-goers in Shakspoare's days, hut now playwrights consider that the public also want originality. No doubt the public are very willing to hear old sentiments in new language, and see incidents of life in • fresh combinations, but it is just a little disappointing to find playwrights have such a different I standard of what is termed originality to that of the jiuople who witness the plays. Mr. George Darrell appears to belong to the school of dramatists the most 'popular representatives of which are Messrs. Conquest, Pettit and Sinis. Conquest is said to have | a wonderful fertility at devising " situations." He i knows more about stage mechanism than any- other i man in England, and can string oil half-a-dozen i "practicable" sensations at a moment's notice, from an earthquake to a collapsing cliair. He cannot write a line of dialogue, and so is driven to collaboration. Pettit, on the other hand, can string out dialogue, monologue and narrative with the facility of a Persian improvisators.' Sims is great at realism, and can point a moral or adorn a.tale in languago that will always " tickle the oars of the groundlings." Mr. George Darrell cau claim to ho original where other playwrights, acknowledge adaptation. Life for Life is divided into four acts and fifteen scones, a liberal provision which enables the spectator, after lie has paid bis money, to take his choice, and he has no cause to grumble either at quantity or quality. The jioojfie -who want a plot have this to follow out. A hospital surgeon and a dispenser poison a patient, an old' miser, for the sake of his money. The surgeon is in love with tlie dispenser's daughter, and she becomes his' wife , " in name only" to save her father "from beings ch,ai,ged"~Sv;ith^^inurder by ••her.- husband.;.- . She ytbV/i^Ml^bp^with tjbe assistant surgeon, yivlip,. lias boen acofiaecK of the murder and robbc/r^ eif Jhe tbq, surgeon and lier father. The (jiir^vJcahnhttfagreq'about the ! guilt or ixihoceneo\eit^h^ accused, and...ttfiejr he lias been tried, twice, th^c assistant -surg^oiuy^Bolves to bolt.' A " 2n,ossmivn,'^ait.55ld ^-Hhi4c\?>ag£ljsfs him, and "tlie >Bepne...chaugos to the itokitilia diggings. Thedispensor,"' Gower, lias become a shanty keeper. His two daughters, Isabel and .Lillian, with thoir faithful domestic, Maggie O'Shannossy, reside with him. The • surgeon, Crombie, comes to claim liis wife; the assistant-surgeon, Montrose, lmngS about for a farowell, interview. The " 2>re3smnn;" Sontar, fools around after Liilliau, and is handy to hety on the 'action of the play. Gower drinks himself into the horrors, mistakes his victim's twin brother for a ghost, and,confesses to the murdor, fortuuately, only Isab.ol'.heaving him. Montrose is arrostod by the 2JC>Uco as an osciqiod x>risonor, and Crombie is handcuffed also for half-killiiig h is wife. The X'risonors are. taken down to Dunodin to ho loclcod vqp, hut on the road the coach is. stuck up by bush-rangers. During the scrimmage, Isabel ridos off with Montrose, wlioso hundcuH'o have boon unfastened by tlie Ubiquitous 2iressinan. Then (lower dies, confessing to the crime. The minors determine to lynch the head of the gang ivho stuck up the gold osoort. Crombie is discovered hiding in tlio saino locality, and is shot by. the jmlioe as lie endeavours to esimpo from the hut ho 1ms sot on fire to burn Isabel and cover liis retreat. Thus life for life is taken, and the curtain falls. The story roads a little more coherently than it was noted on the first night, but that was owing, to the inevitable novvouslioss of an initial performance. The dialogue is never above the average conversation of the poopilo 2Jorsonated, which is a merit or a fault according to individual oxuuioii. Sonic x,0°phj certainly think tlie dialogue of a play should coiiqnviso those brilliant ideas and witty sallius one would like to utter if onu could only think of thoin at the right time. Of the acting, thoru is the same Jiboral choice. Mr, G. I\ Carey pourtmyu the dispenser, irritable and aggressive, cowed and 2>luintivo in the scones before the murder is done, thou shows him tlio degraded, socially aiul mentally wrecked drunkard. It is a clover character study, and differs widely from tho ordinary stagu x)l'(,sonlutiori of a xioisoner and drunkard. Messrs. Darrell, Greenaway, lumari, and Po ill ton are all up to tho avurage standard of noting o.xxiooted in their resxioctive characters by X'atrona of molo-drnma. Miss Edith Ulnndo is just what Is required of a x'orsooutod heroine, rides plucklly on liorseback, and ean struggle bravely with her abductors. Miss Ida llcrbcrto is a very presentable inpanve, though A little too starched In her manner. Miss Jennie Dee is the tmau iileal of tho merry, impulsive, truehearted liltie Irish girl, though she decs over-act some, scones in her effort to make tho piny "go/ The scenery is charming, some of tho viows of Now Zealand valleys and mountains being niOHt artisi.io, Tho tiiouhuniual off'oats are well devised, while the mounting and a2>pointmonts of tho place, asjiaolally tho hcM'Hoa and coach in tho " stlolcing-up" acono, are of a quality far above the average, 