WAS IT A GHO'T TII^T SAWt MRS FT IT. JENNINGS lives at No 211 Main-street. Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Panot boards with her. The house is an oM one, but in <rood order. One night early in December, ISill, tlie two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a sonl in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the bouse laughing and tilting. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of thtm in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The tipper pirt of his face was concealed by a ma-k bis eyes gleaming throngh the -y.-ln.]..5 i0 it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, ;inn in o e band he carried a long ol 1-f.is'iont-i pUu.l. The w .men fled scr-amirg fr m the room, and wh-n Mr Jennings c me in fi^e minutes liter he f ur.d no one in the parlour, ani all thdoors and wind.iws >ecurely locked, nhat was it the women saw " During a recent period of ill health, ' writes an American friend, "I bad slept badly for several successive nights On the fourth of these nights, abont two o'clock, I was suddenly aron.-ed from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name ;* and at the foot of the ber> stood the image of u,y mother ju-i. as she lookc-d five years before as she was leaving home to g • on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a rail ' disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and would never get well. Yet I did. and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came from my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now."' No doubt it was the nerves. Whv, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will plav off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1S90, it was. that Mrs . T ane Foster, of Darracott Koad, Pokesdown, Hant?, wrote lis as follows:—" I mas so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me. yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call oat for help. This was in June, 1S89. I slept very badiy, and in the morning felt very little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My ekin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-bye I had to iie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. BP this time I was nothing but skin and bone." M memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had givc-c up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrnp. As she seemed to have so mnch faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, ard all my nervousness has left xne." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original canBC was ezief 2nd shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrnp had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned die nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains trne that most a uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing r more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia.' Ghosts come from the inside of tie person who sees them, and when Motlie*-;SrageVe Syrnp does its work the eyes and eu^B «itertam only what t natural and wholasoice. 