PARLIAMENT. Legislative Assembly. ? ♦ ? WEDNESDAY AUGUST 23. The Speaker took the chair at 4.30 p.m. Questions. The Commissioner of Railways, in re ply to Mr. Harper, as to defective iron work imported for the South-Western Bail way, said: 1. As regards the fish plates, they were manufactured by the Ebbw Vale Company, and this company have admitted ;heir liability for the defective plates, by refunding the cost of those supplied in lieu thereof. The purchase took place previous to an appointment of the Agent-General. Copies of the correspondence on the subject wore now laid on the table. 2. The fish plates were purchased at the' market rate current at the time. 3. The goods were passed by the officer (Mr. W. H. Stranger) acting tinder Sir Charles Shelton Gregory, Consulting Engineer, 4. The inspector was paid by a commission of 2s. 6d. per ton. 5. The same inspector is still employed by the Consulting Engineer in England. As re gards the locomotives, a correspondence is now teking place, and the matter is being inquired into in England. Three Kitsons' Locomotives received in December, 1891, were somewhat defective in workmanship Mid materials, but no other defective rol ling stock lias been received. The Premier, in reply to Mr. Traylen, said tho Government had not given per mission to the contractor for th-* Midland Railway to work from the southern end inly, instead of at both ends as provided Eor in the original contract, nor had any permission been applied for. The^ Homesteads Bill. This Bill was further considered in com mittee. Claxise 22, agreed to. Clause 23 (leave to pay cost of survey hy instalments), Mx% A. Forrest moved an amendment that only one-half the survey fee should be paid by the lessee. Xne .fremier pointed out that the cost of surveys would be a great tax upon the country if the land was taken up in small areas to the extent expected. Mr. Monger supported the amendment, but would like to see the Government pay the whole of the survey. Mr. Lefroy said it would be well to re member the country at present was receiv ing only a farthing an acre per annum for land which it was proposed should pay 2d. and 3d. an acre. (The Premier : We part with the freehold, though ; now it is only under lease.) He urged that the conditions of settlement should be made as liberal as possible, and he supported the amendment. Mr. Richardson said the amendment was a fair compromise. Mr. Hassell and Mi\ Clarkson said the amendment was a reasonable one. The Commissioner of Crown Lands said there were many claims on the Government, and it would require a good sum to pay for all the surveys. Mr. Loton said the first year's rent would pay the cost of survey, so that there need bo no scarcity of money; and tho second year's rent would entirely recoup -the Go vernment. The Premier said the Bill had got into a different shape from what lie had intended, by the maximum leasing areas being in creased. The holder of a lease would have to pay only a small fee for survey, being in irMn P.flQfi rvp a. 'lOOOn aniu man vnvfr mnvn ;han ,£10 a year, for five years, or ,£50 iltogether. The class of man who would ;ake up the maximum area would not feel ;he small charge per annum. Mr. Molloy said this Bill was being con certed by squatters into a measure for en isling capitalists to obtain large areas of [and at the expense of the poorer classes of ;he coniniunity, who had to bear the ex pense of opening the land with roads and .?ailways, without any return for the out ay. He protested against this spirit of jxclusivness. Mr. A. Forrest said it was impossible :or the poorer classes of the community to bake up these leases, owing to the expense jf cultivation and improvement. Mr. T&rossell; supported the amend ment* - \ The amendment was agreed to, and the clause passed. Clause 24 (Time allowed, for taking pos session) — The Premier accepted an amendment for allowing extension of time when survey was delayed. Clause 25 (Improvements required to be made on homestead leases) — Mr. Eichardson moved to amend the clause by requiring the improvements to be completed during tho ten years ensuing after the first five years, and also to fix the amount annually to be expended in such improvements at an amount equal to 8d. per acre jier annum ou second-class lands, and od. per acre on third-class lands. It was more to the interest of the lessee that he should be reauired to eret his im provements completed in the earlier half of his 30 years' lease. The Commissioner of Crown Lands sup ported tho amendment, which was agreed to. Mr. Harper suggested the desirability of specifying the eradication of poison among the improvements to be allowed for. The Premier said it would be included in improving the agricultural and pastoral capabilities of the land. Clause passed as amended. Clause 26 (Pastoral lessee in occupation to have prior right to homestead leases) — Mr. Richardson moved to add a proviso, entitling present lessees to select double the area allowed under the previous provisions of the Bill, and to a rebate of one-third of the prescribed annual rent. He said this extra allowance to any present lessee would be only bare justice, in consideration of his having spent years and much capital in stocking and in building up a .homestead. They should not legislate over his head, but give him the opportunity of operating un der this measure to the extent named; though he should be required to comply with all the terms and conditions, except as regarded the area of selection and the amount of rental. The Premier objected to the amendment, saying it was not in the interest of the country that they should eneourge the formation of large estates of this kind. Under the present Land Regulations, the lessoe had ample opportunity to obtain as much other land as was necessary. He did not see why the rebate in the rental should be allowed, and he did not believe this larger power to present lessees would be availed of by many. If many of the people now in the country had only half then present area, the land would bo better im proved, and the country better settled. Mr. Lefroy said this clause was cruel to the present lessees, by not allow ing them to select sufficient areas on their present holdings. This would apply par ticularly to a number of large leaseholders in the Champion Bay district, and would wipe them out ef existence, after they had spent the best part of their lives and all their capital in forming- homes that were a credit to the colony. If the farmers were the backbone of the colony, thepastoralists might be called the lif eblood of the colony, and it was these men who had done so much to advance the colony, who would be treated most harshly by this clause, unless they were protected. He strongly xu-ged the Government to accept the amendment. Mr. Clarkson and Mr. A. Forrest sup ported the amendment. Mr. Throssell opposed it as savouring too much of the exclusive policy— West Australia for the West Australians. Mr. Traylen would support the amend ment, if it was modified by leaving out the rebate of rent. . The Premier reminded the House that in tho land-grant railway districts the major portion of the lessees had, by Act of Parliament, been dispossessed of their lands and received no more compensation than being paid for their improvements. Why should they now begin to treat another class of lessees in a different way ? It seemed to him that the present leesses were liberally treated under the Bill. Mr. Richardson said that he was not wedded to the wording of his amendment, but in bringing it forward he had been actuated by a feeling of justice. Several opponents to the amendment were in fluenced by fear of the opinion of others — the fear of forming large estates, which struck him as being a peculiar objection. Jnhat cry was nothing but a ghost, and a ghost that many hon. members were afraid of. The Premier said the hon. member, after his previous amendment had been carried for increasing the areaa, came forward and said they should not interfere with the present lessees. The amendment was then modified by omitting the rebate of rent, and on being put to the vote as altered, the amendment was negatived on the voices. A division was not called for. The clause was amended by providing three months, instead of two, for present lessee to make application. The clause as amended was passed; _. Clause 26 (When and on what conditions a Crown grant may be obtained)— Mr. Lefroy inoved an amendment to provide that the cash value of the rental due on the land after the first five years should be reckoned at compound interest at 5'per cent, in ense of purchasing after the first five years. This would allow persons with capital to obtain the Crown grant, at a discount for full payment in cash; Mr. Loton supported the amendment. The Premier opposed it as an attempt to get the land below the cash value fixed in the bill. The Commissioner of Crown Lands said that they would be doing a good thing for the large holder, by carrying the amend ment, but not for the country. It seemed to him that after a time, instead of receiving money from the lessee, some hon: members would want tlie Government to make a rof und to him. The cash value for the land fixed in the bill was merely the interest at 5 per cent, on a 30 years' rental, and no payment at all for the fee simple. Yet the amendment would seriously reduce the total rental which the Government hoped to receive. Mr. Monger was surprised that the Gov ernment should offer any opposition to the amendment. Mr. A. Forrest moved that progress be reported, in order that members might have time to think over the question, which was very important. On a division (18 to 8), progress was reported at this stage. Municipal Institutions Bill — Second Reading. The Attorney - General moved the second reading of this bill, and said it was brought in, by request of the House, for jonsolidating the municipal laws of the solony, and bringing the question gene rally up to date. It was well-known that prior to last session the ? lnuni uipality of Perth had been preparing, Eor some time, a bill of their own, which would be applicable merely to the city. Some of tho provisions of that local bill were included in this general bill; but none of the provisions of this Bill were in any way outside such as might be needed by any municipality throughout the colony. The Bill preserved tho municipalities as they existed at present, and provision was made for the creation of new municipalities as they might become necessary hereafter, and fhny vrv™. bo created, as heretofore, by au ui-iur oi the Governor-in-council. The Bill was divided into ten parts. In the second part they found the provisions relating to the constitution of municipali ties. There was one new feature, namely, the appointment of coniniittees and sub committees by tho Council, which was usual in municipalities of large size. He believed these committees were working in Perth now; Part 3 dealt with the qualifi cation of electors, and they also said how the electoral list 'was made up. They had endeavoured throughout the Bill to adhere to the existing arrangements, so far as they related to matters of administration ; therefore with regard to the making up of the lists, the provisions in the Bill were simply a re-enactment of the present law, with certain improvements. He described the effect of the main provisions in the bill, and pointed out such few changes as were introduced. A change had also been made in the voting. The sysUin had been that of . open voting, it being apparent how the voter recorded his vote, but the bill introduced the system of voting by ballot. They had retained the system of proxy voting by persons residing a distance of 20 miles from the municipality, but the form of voting had been simplified. In the bill also would be f ound provision for the width of public streets setoxitbythe council, and private streets set out by the owners of land. The Government were in debted to the draft bill of the Perth Council, as he was glad to acknowledge, for many of these sections relating to tho duties of the councils. Clause 145 provided that on the third Saturday of December in each year the Council should make a valuation of the innual value of rateable property, and when necessary of the capital value. It would not be always necessary to make a valuation on the capital value, and it should only be made when necessary. If they could find the annual value they didnot re quire to find the capital value, as the rates would be assessed on the annual valuo and not on the capital value. In finding the annual value they had to be guided by the rules laid down in , section 147. In this connection, he had! accepted some of the provisions contained in the draft Bill of the City Council. The capital value was to be estimated at the fair average fee simple value of land, exclusive of all improvement, in the same neighbor hood, subject to the provisions of subsec tion 3, which fixed the annual value or rental as being 5 per cent, upon the capital value, such annual value to be the ininiimun. That was to say, that if a piece of land with improvements was worth ^83,000, or unim proved worth .£1,000, the rate would be fixed at 5 per cent, on the £1,000, or in other words £50. This principle of rating would defeat those unfair expedients by which an owner had, say, put a small shanty on a valuable block of otherwise vacant land, and then claimed that the rate should be levied only on the amount of rental received from the shanty. It was provided that when a rate was struck, notice must be served on each ratepayer, and it was also provided that the rates should be paid into the office, instead of a rate collector going round. He believed it had been difficult for a council to ascertain to whom a property belonged, in cases were sections frequently changed owners ; and the bill provided 'that notice of every sub-division or transfer of property should be 'iven to the council, under a penalty for omission. In conclusion, he said the Bill had involved a great deal of labor in its compilation, and he hoped it would have the support of hon. members. (Hear, hear). On the motion of Mr. A. Forrest, the debate was adjourned until Monday next. Chinese Immigration Amendment Bill. The debate was resumed on this measure' and ultimately the second reading was agreed to. The House adjourned at 10.40 p.m. 