HvHi-LiS!. [?] BY E GARRISON JONES CHAPTER XIV. THE ESCAPK. 'I ihould like to know what'B come ovt that pirl 1 Look at her, Jacques I This if the third time she's boencai np from the table to run to the winder and stare out And it oomes ol her gaddin' up to that old madhouse so much. I tell ye, Jacques, that's what aile her, &ud; nolhic' elue, and a stop must be put to it.' Dume Ferris delivered this rather indig jjuut outhuiEt BfBhceat at supper with her husband, on th» pc-lfpame Bfternoon upon which our laFt chapter cIobcb. ' Hush, dame,' responded etolid Jacques, b Iping hinifeU to another bowl of por riili;e; 'don't let your tougue ran away with } 'iir wite. What harm can come of the laes v.- diking under the treee at Mount Chateau n ux ; crazy hain't a OEtchin' disease, as ever I te hea;d. If 'twas, my wub would ha' been £ me long sgo, I'm a thinkin'.' Just then Jofiie draws in her eutly head, and turns to her father, with flashed cheeks and eyes b!1 p.''i't.-v 'Oil, ? I....} j .-- ? , Hl.plOlCS IJu.-!., L4,l-J of the girl's arm, 'don't leave me !' 'Papa,' she says, ' I see the oarii≥ Jrom Nivernoie Court coming down the lane.' ' Well, little one, 'tain't likely it's coming here,' replies Jacques. ' We don't have visitors from Nivernoie Court.' ' Sit down and eat that bowl of porridge,' commands the dame, severely. Joeie is an obedient girl, and she loves tbis etern, sensible 'dame,' so she begins to e&t; ber porridge with that vigor of will which is her great characteristic But tbe clatter of hoofs and wheels in the yard very eoon pats an end to the frugal evening meal. Jacques starts np from the table and runs to the door, followed by his wife, bat Josie bangs back, with an eager look in her eyeB, and a vivid bloom on ber round ebeek«. It ietheoarriage from Nivernois Oourt.and Mni3 the silken cushions eits Lord St. Aubyn himself. and hie eyas catch sight of Josie, who has approached tbe window. She nods and makes a swift and silent gesture. ' Now, my good friend,' speaks out the marquis, assured by ber gesture that ail ia tight, and addressing Jacques, wbo stands bareheaded and artoniabed before him, ' oan yon give me your attention for a few minutes ! It you can, I tbink I have some thing to suggest that may prove a benefit to as both.' ' 1 am at your service, my lord.' ' Oan't you ask his lordship to gt down, and walk in?' oriea the dame, re provingly. ' I suppose I might. My lord, will you get down and come in i' ' No,' replies his lordship, blandly. ' You just step op here and take a seat beside me, and we'll drive ont towards Mount Chateau roui, and you shall hear what I have to say on tbe way.' Jacques leaps up, and is eoon seated upon tbe silken cushions, in rather a dubious manner, and the grand oarriage, with its blooded bays, rolls slowly sway. Tbe dame ?hades ber eyes with ber band and looks OfjnuuBiv niter ib. ' Now what does bis lordship want, I'd like to know ?' she matters. 'And ten to one Jacques won't let a word out when be ooemb home, be is so dose-mouthed.' Josie watobes tbe handsome equipage, too, «od when it disappears, rone into tbe house, with a flushed face, and begins to gather up tbe supper diebee in an eager and excited manner, that confirms the dame in ber idea that 'oraey' is a catching malady. Meantime tbe Nivernois oarriage oears tbe great iron gates of the madhonse, and LorS 8t. Aubyn gases out towards the grim tor rets with a Btrangc thrill, half horror, half blissful expectation, at bis heart. Ota it be true that tbe little girl that he loved, as be shall never love another living woman, lan guished a prieoDer in that horrible ^ilaoe? It must be all e delusion. Lady Cassandra could never have done uuch a heartless deed, But he must go on — he munt see the end of it. He- u.rus to the wondering peasant at his side. ??Now, my man, to come to tbe point at once, vumld you like to otiunge your occupa tion 1' 'Yea, my lord, for better pay,' replies JaoqueB, unhesitatingly. Hie lordship nods approvingly. ' Well, I want a bead groom at Nivernoie 'Snort. Tod understand about hortes? Very ^11, whatever your pay is, I'll double it. 7111 that do T' laaSni looks no. tmiMJ ? __ 'My lord, you are'r-rt kiini — ? ' No,' interrupts St. Aubyn, ?' I want you to do me a favor, i»nd this is cne of my ii- duoetnents. H rp ib ar...-. ? t-r.' His tahoh Udili hit |i-..i:.M-t a pu-en m. purse, fiii--d tu iht- clm-p wi li giituiing i,'1 ?! hUd pU'.C 11 1U t.1,11 In i ;...:. V. tlUtldt. ?? Now,' Be BiyH, btlr.n ihe toBn haE hi. lime to i-p^Ab 'I'll ih . n;y favor, i; f-ocd follow, I've n h. .id i:ij ihcri-' pu.tittUj.; lav.iu-i e (in ? tu-:..u ot it biiuoui.e— ' i- ir-i-.i ) ? .1. S . 'is a iIl-i CKle, leiidi-r (jin' — hii' \ui- uhuk;: u~ — 'si she was jjitdpid to bu my wife. T:-fcy U^ me she died, iw.ii (or two ytare I've iuuurut- for her. To-uty I fiau eht'e in there— in mad, mind you, but a prieoner, burn alive.' He stops and wipes tbe great drops Jrou bis ashen brow, while Jacques stares at bin in wonder. ' Now,' continueB St. Aubyn, ' I migl' demand her— force them to give her up t me ; but that takcB time, you see, and worn cause trouble and delay. All this I mi avoid, and I must have ber out this nigl Will you help me?' ' What can I do 7' inquires Jaoquee, helj lessly. 'Let the gate remain open to-night, oui, for a short time, and shut your eyes and ear to all you see and hear. Tbe rest will bi managed by others. So t&ke; the gold, an- keep it for a marriage-portion for yoi.i pretty, blaok-eyed daughter. You'll do it— - deed ot mercy ?' . Jaoqnee motes ft moment, his eyes on t! - pletborio purse, bis brain busy with Josie'! foture; then he looks up, and answers stoutly : ' Yes, my lord, Til do it.' ' Spoken like a man 1 And when do yon come to live at Nivernoie Court t' ' Tbe first of the month, my lord.' 'Very well. Drive me hack, now, Ed warde.' The oarriage rolls baok the way it came, and Jacques gets out at hiB own door. ' For mercy's sake, husband, what did hi' lordship want ?' cries the dame tbe instsm be enters tbe bouse. 'Nothing,' responds Jacques, quietly. ' only we're going to Nivernois Court the first of the month.' ' To live ?' excitedly shrieks tbe amaze woman. - Jacques only nods ; but Josie oan ret. his faoe like a book, and she seee that all : right. A great, hoarse bell, in one of tbe grii. turrets of Mount Chateauroux, tolls for mid night. Silence as of the grave reigns withn and around the queer old plaoe. A eolrtarj eeotinel paoes up and down the long corridor that faces tbe endless lino of oells, but the doors are all so strongly and so securely looked, and the inmates have been bo ad mirably trained wider the rule of Dr. Lenoir, that no outbreak or attempt to «eoape is an ticipated, and it is no unusual thing for the guard of the hour to slumber at his post, leaning against one of the huge stone pillars, or seated in the old ! mther arm-chair at the end of the oorridor. Tbe guard doees now, sitting in the obair, with hie feet elevated high above his head, and a long-stemmed pipe in his mouth — doses and puffs away again at intervale, taking all tbe comfort to himself that bis situation affords. His trained ear oan catch the faintest sound, and on an instant's warning he would be up and in pursuit of any poor soul who should be fool enough to attempt an escape. In ber oell down below, on ber knees, in the dead, hot darkness, with the little shining key olasped in her thin white hands, poor Bess waits and watches. She has beard the bell toll for midnight, and, like a devout nun counting her beads, she kneels there trying to count tbe laggard moments as they pass. In an hour's time, as nearly as she oan tell, she must make the attempt. She knows too well, if she should fail, no other ohanoe will ever come to her ; and she lifts ber wan faoe in the dark. ness, and asks God to help her, as a helpless little ohild might ask an earthly father. Ob, to breathe tbe free, pure air onoemore; to-be awar from all these poor, witless faces ; to get out into the world, and make bet way baok to the old oantonment, ana to Bedmond Carew I That is her dream, as she kneels there ; that has been her dream for over two long years. Strangely enough, all the yearning ot her imprisoned heart go cot towards tbe oM, faithful love of her girlhood. She scarcely ever thinks of the man wbo held ber later promise to become bis wife, Lord St. Aubyn. He seems to have been lost to ber with all that brief, feverish life she led at Mount Storm Hoo.ee, and ahe has no wish to reclaim him, ber old life and her earliest love fill her soul so completely. 8hs rises to ber feet in the solemn, silent darkness, and groping with ber bands, after tome little trouble she inserts the key in the look. It fits; she turns it with a elow, noise less motion, and her prison door is open. For one abort instant she stands gasping for breath, a dull, roaring Bound in ber ears, a tremor in ber limbs. But she remembers Josie and Josie's warning, and her strength returns to her as suddenly as it went. She takes tbe key from the lock, slips out, and oloting the oell door, she locks it from tbe outoide, removes the key, and bides it in bet bojom. Then she starts down tbe long, black oorridor with a step like the wind. A dim light (ilimmers at the far end, revealing the double lino o! cells, and lha guard dozing and smoking in the old obair. She fl.ts along like a shadow, andbas al most reached the far end, her heart throb bing violently asshenears tbe guard, when all at once tbe flap over one of tbe oell win Aomt flies up, and a wild, woeful faoe peers oat, tbe faoe of a maniao woman. Her blood sho»«yugUn ont into the semi-gloom, and light on BMtWihjjftll ilaoi.tBdlhWLi.jgUiL rmpfc riniri' out upon the silence. '? Tueru uhe goes I Oatoh her— catch ber I There goes the pale-faced ghost I' Tbe puurd is on his feet in an instant, and dnebing down towards the cell. Half n dnz»n teeperp. rnu'od by tho uuusual outcry, ef art apintiiff r^nt directions and hurry to top. Rpot; ami poor lies?, more dead than alivH. i-tterF on till the r«iches the old chMr. a: r. ihf-o, with the in-; *t-.et ot a wild crti'M brought to bay, the crouches down beliim: it. Cn APT Eli XV. k SUDDEN WEDDING. The guards and keepers bustle about from cell to oell, and the maniac woman etill shrieks at them to catch the pale-faced ghost. But there is no ghost to be seen, and they find the cell doors all locked and quiet, and alter a little more parading and a latt osthr at tbe maniao, they disperse and return to their former quarters. Tbe keepers drop down and are soon sound asleep again, but the guard walkB np and down and emokee passing and repasBing poor Bess crouching in her hiding plaoe. She olaBpe her hands and prays that she may die, rather tban be consigned to her dreary cell again, and while she prays the guard vanishes. He bethinks himself that there is some brandy on a table in the re ception room above, and feeling unusually thirsty and sluggish, hs runs up to refresh himself. Bess hears his retreating steps, and darts from behind the old chair like an apparition, A few noiseless steps, and she stands before the great outer door, and, as Josie said, the huge key is in the lock. She seizes the key with both hands. It turns in the look with a rasping sound, and the door swings open. She darts ont, leaving it wide open behind her, flieB along the subterranean oonrt. ud tbe steps, and her feet touob the oool, green grsBS. The silent snmmer skies are above her— the oool, damp winds fan her bm brow. As she stands d&zed; with the blissful fanoy that she is free, a figure darts out fromtbe ivy gloom, and a firm hand graepi her arm. 'Here you are at last,' whispers Josie' voioe. 'Come — quick I' She harries ber out towards thr main gate, which they find standing slight] v ajar. ' Come,' urges Josie ; and she drags her half- fainting companion through, and out into the narrow path that leads down the eteep. They are soaroely out when a figure risen filently from tbe roots of a huge tree, and ii a twinking the gate is looked, and Jacqupv ' Here you are at last,' whispers Josie. 'Come^ — quick!' plods up and down the gravel, puffing away at his pipe, as stolid and impenetrable as the desert sphinx. Meanwhile Josie putB her dimpled fist to her red month, and utters a faint whistle like tbe cry of a bird, still holding her com panion's arm. Swift as thought another figure shoots np from amid the olive growth — a tall, impos ing figure this time. He leaps op tbe crag, and reaches Josie'e side. ' Beaa,' he gasps—' Bees, my darling, is it yon?' Bess lifts her wan, white faoe, and the moon shines through a rift in the tow-lying olouds and falls full upon it. SI. Aubyn sees it, reoogniMs it in a breath, and oatohes her in his arms with b law, passionate ory. Bat she struggles, to free herself, a strange expression in her wist ful eyes. ' Oh, let me go, Lord St. Aubyn,' she murmurs, in a broken, piteous voioe, ' I had no thought of seeing yon. I— I hoped it was Redmond' St. Aubyn does not comprehend ber laiiering woras, ana noiae aer last, au his old, mad, sbort-lived love blazing np afresh. Sensible, matter-of-fact Josie, however, puts an end to his little love soene with great coolness. ' My lord,' she says, touching his aim, and pointing with a nod of her ourly head towards the madhouse, on the upper terraoe of wbioh uhuBUftl lights are ?gleaming, ' Look there I In a few minutes tbe keepers will be in pursuit of «b. Don't you think we had better escape while we can !' ' Yes, yes ; what a fool I am I 'oriea St. Aubvn ; and i;aVing Bees in bis strong arms, as be caught and held her once before in an hour of peril, be flashes down the steep at % headlong pao'e. It is characteristic of the man that he should forget Josie and lose sight of ber danger; he never owed for any earthly thing eave his own eelf-gratifioation. And at this moment ii pleases and oharms him to h»ve Bon mtosed to him in tbis ro ffljBtfa mi—-''' iMii*1TI'rssisfff ?*!* flashes down, clasping ber slosely, utterly unmindful whether the ohild behind him breaks her neck or not. It might have been as well for my lord, the Marquis of St, Aubyn, if «he tmd, taking &fter; events iota conKiderntion ; 'ut there was little fear o- eueh a ca HHtioi'He. Joeie'sfoot wae as Deel and Rure ah rhe fuit (if a ui uutain ohaiiioi-, ai,d *'ne. 'p. m- (i i ihe li^.-.i' runs path, and iiMf i.i I!: .? ?. ?: nS ilii- earn.-.:.1', w,. nil htiv.r. in tiip v,,«;.. y in ' is, quite us eoou au my lor dimttif. He .^Di- ani!! i», still clamping Bets in hi arms, uud ? h^ri , turning to epeak to i' driver, he t-nw the girl to whjee wondruL courage and skill he wan indebted for hi prr-at hupp.. ? ?' s. 'A!i, 1 mid quite forgotten,' be saii ' Come, my brave little gill, jump in.' .loeie'e fearless eyes had something ver? near akin to contempt in their ehim'i . depths, as she looked up at the handeom nobkmsQ. ' No, my lord,' she said, quietly, 'I an goir.g home.' But Bees struggled up and pat oat bt; while face. 11 P.^se — oh, please don't leave me f' | 'Hn-hl' interposed St. Aubyn, bed ! Josie could answer; 'you may rest nov. I my darling, and go with me, She sh- i oome to you to-morrow. Came to Nivern' i to-morrow, rny girl — do you hsar?' Joeie nodded, and the carriage dashed ? ; - down the mer-roafl, white the ^irl pui'M her way across the grove to tbe little ooting on the suburbs of Moulins. ? ' ? The hot, oloudy night is ended, and over the hills the Sabbath morning dawns. / bright, orisp September morn, with a Bt v breeze ruffling the river, and drifting tb- fleecy olouds across tbe dazzling river. In the white boudoir at Nivernois Oonrt on a white velvet ooueh, all starred ai-- fringed with silver, Bess Hbb. Her toilet h- just been made, in obedience to my lore' order, and Felice, the French maid, hi found that wondrous beooming wrn.ip.r . white and blue silk somewhere anno tli many treasures of Nivernois, and cloth. Bess's willowy figure in it. There she iiea, fair aBa enow-drop, paerivi as a babe, a great wistful tenderness in h- ? brown eyes. MrB. Heath, the hou=ekcci. appears with a dainty breakfast on a silv nay, nuu iubibms mab iue young lady mi; eat; and Bess rises obediently, and tries eat the broiled bird, and the roll, tbuuf every morsel threatens to ohoke ber. Then she lies down again, she feels w tired and weak, and listens, in a lan.^i ;:? way, to the Sabbath bells chiming I: Koulina, wonderiDg what the poor oreaiur at Mount Chateauroux are doing— eir tears of gratitude trickling down her che- I meanwhile. She ie free, bat yet there ie i look of regret in her sweet, meek eyes. She hears the bells again, and some)' they oarry her away back to her old In life; she thinks of her father, and her t^.: flow faster. 'Ah.' she murmurs, despairingly, 'if . could have gone to Bedmond I Oh, poor B * mond 1 — shall I never see him again ?' A quick, buoyant step rings upon tin marble tilea without, and there is a sharp impatient rap at the door. 'Come in,' says Bess, languidly, and St Aubyn enters. He reaohes the eouob at a bound, and has her in his arms. ' My poor little dove, my preoious ntne Bess I' he half eebs, dropping hot kisses or. her trembling mouth and white oheeke. 'Oh, to think how I have believed yon dead and buried, and how I have mourned for yon ! Oh, Bess, Bess, if you had oome to m- from year coffin, it could not seem stranger. I am bo bappy. Child, what makes you tremble? Are yon afraid 1 Why, sweet, m harm oan reach you here. You are mine mine to love and oherith forever. Bess, look at me ; let me see your sweet eyes; and tell me if von are clad to cat hack tn mt iniin f ' Bess looks np, and meets his meBtnerie gaze, and a faint flush rises in her waxen cheeks. His eyes have lost none of their old dangerous power. (.7o ie teiUinued.') 