" The musician had got well into his theme." The road was red, and dusty, and hot ; besides, in following it I knew very well < that before I reached my destination I should have to cover at least four miles more than by cutting through the bush« I slapped viciously at the flies again, and shitted the gun to the other shoulder. Time, about noon. I wonder if a fellow could lose himself in that thick scrub. I walked another 600 yards so wondering. It was a wild country. The scrub ex- tended east, north, west, and south inde- finitely. A great many people had been lost in it. Anyone who wanted a human skeleton might get one by looking care- fully in the Bcrub. The few settlers round and about that locality were not interested in skeletons. It took them all their time to rear a numerous progeny and watch the rust in the wheat. The monotony of these proceedings were occasionally varied by stalking the cockatoos in the corn pad- docks. The cockatoo is a wise and cautious member of the feathered world. I have seen cockatoos of a far greater intelligence than persons who are entitled to vote. Cir- cumstance disfranchises the cockatoo, and nature has physically incapacitated him from using firearms. Otherwise it would be bad for the settler. He would be abolished. Just aa I arrived at this stage of reflection, two cockatoos screamed over my head a long way out of range. They were crossing the road in a bee-line from north to south. They had come from the place at which I wanted to arrive. Would I follow the bee-line that I mentally mapped out for myself directly under their course of flight ? The scrub was not thick enough to prevent my passage through it, but dense and unbroken . enough to be confusing. Anyhow, it was only an arm of the young forest that I had to cross, and the skeletons were more L directly connected with the main part of \ it. Skeletons ? Bah 1 I lifted the gun \ . to the other shoulder, adjusted my shoot- ing wallet, and taking in the surroundings, passed off the track into the under- growth. It is a very easy thing to go straight towards an object that lies direotly with- ing the range of vision, but it is quite another thing to reach a given point which has only been mentally seen. Especially so when surrounded by scrub in which you cannot perceive anything very j clearly 10 or 20 yards away, at times not j even that. About 3 o'clock in the after I noon I sit down in a little clear patch of ? ground, not more than a few yards in area, I and refreshed myself with some bread and garlic out of the wallet, and a mouthful of brandy and water from a flask with svhich I was provided. Garlic is a taste r af mine. In the bush I am at liberty to v indulge that taste without remonstrance« a The folks at the farmhouse where I was s staying could not understand garlic. I g tried to persuade the father to plant some c but he allowed he "couldn't abear the t smell o' them furrin onions," so I dropped < the subject. I dipped the garlic in a little < paper of salt, which was spread out on the ] stock of my gun, munched my crust, and 1 wondered how far 1 might be from where ; I was going. Then my thoughts drifted into another channel, in fact they slid along a lane of fancy surrounded on either side by young forest scrub and stopped short at a nasty something. The some- thing might have been a heap of bones that the keen-scented crow had ceased to take an interest in, or it might not. Anyhow, I thrust the remainder of the bread and garlic deep into the pocket of my shooting-jacket, picked up my double-barrelled friend, and once more turned my face and my steps towards an imagined point. At 5 o'clock I was still walking. (Not fright- ened, of course, but in rather more of a hurry than I had been previously.) Half an hour later, I was guilty of an unpre- meditated act of meanness. A big brush wallaby jumped up almost at my feet and startled me so that I let him have the full contents of the choke barrel on the spot. This was pure malignity, because the animal could be of no earthly use to me under the circumstances. The fright served to apprise me that my nerves were a trifle unstrung. If I did not get out of the scrub in an hour at the utmost I should have to wait there till next morning. There was nothing particularly pleasant about that reflection, so I began to perspire in my eagerness to get across country. In the gathering dusk my heart gave a great leap, and a thrill of relief went down my spine and came out at the knees as I struck a track. Just about a minute later, as I began to strike into heavier timber than any I had encountered since morning, the suggestive trunk of a white gum sent a second thrill along the same passage. An imaginary ghost on which you chance suddenly is as good os a galvanic battery any day. Yet I do not believe in ghosts I Pam more particularly sceptical on this head when I can tap the cause of my per- turbation familiarly with the muzzle of my gun and laugh in a defiant and self assured way in passing. I was quite safe because there was nobody about to phono- graph the laugh and bring it up in evidence against me ata future time. By.9 o'clock I was getting quite soggy with perspi ration when I struck another white gum under circumstances which sent me cold all over. To make sure of the circum- stances (the light was very dim and gloomy) I struck a match and had a look at the tree. Right level with my shoulder I discovered two little twin circles corresponding exactly to the barrels of my breechloader. If I could have referred to the. phonograph I would find that just about two hours and a half previously I had said in a familiar fone of diffidence, " Ha, old fellow ! " followed by a tap. The tap was occasioned by poking a white gum tree facetiously in the ribs with the muzzle of a 12-bore double barrelled gun. I did not think of these things just then, but when a bat, attracted by the light, knocked against my hat, and the match went out, I put in some language that I am thankful, for the sake of my character, bas not been recorded. A good while before midnight the moon began to just glimmer over the top of the tall scrub. I felt the moon to be a personal friend of mine. It is wonderful how relieved wo are by the presence of a friend, especially in a wild, thick scrub after sunset. Have you ever felt your heart drop into your stomach ? Next to having a tooth drawn 1 know of no sensation more un- pleasant. In order to experience it at the the fullest advantage, you should be sitting, about 11.30 p.m., with your back to a tree in a dense scrub-heaven only knows how far from a house of any kind -your nerves jarred out of all steadiness, and your limbs stiff with anxious walking, and in this condition of. mind and body you should suddenly hear a piano begin to play about 50 or 60 yards away! To heighten the effect, the piano should play some strange music quite unknown to you. When I recovered sufficiently to take notice, the musician had got well into his theme. As I did not feel well enough to walk just then, I listened with a critical ear and an easy confidence which comes of . an acceptance of the inevitable. It ap- peared to me that the melody partook at one and the same time of. the nature of the " Marseillaise," the " Dead March," and the spinning wheel song in Gounod's " Faust." I am not a musical expert, but a composer may probably get some idea of my meaning. Music always takes entire possession of my faculties, and pretty soon I found my nervousness merged into 1 rk f AHAaf . -p*»/-\\-rvï f.olrînr» í fi T-A-nna 4> T *%**Aa Am 4*1 VT interest ; from taking interest I presently got to forgetting everything but the fact that I was listening to some beautiful effort of genius I had never heard before and never expected to hear again, unless under the Tonba Tree in Paradise-which was unlikely. Spellbound is a word that fitly expressed my condition. Utterly lost ! Then just at the moment when I had entered upon a voluptuous Nirvana, hyp- notised by the magic of a marvellous melody, the piano keys went twanging into a horrible discord, and the music ceased. Ceased hardly expresses the impression « Would I follow the bee-line ?'* conveyed by the occurrence. It stopped dead and Bomebody began to sob. The grief was as earnest as the music had been, and it continued. Pretty certain that in another moment or two I should begin to scream I whipped the breech of the gun open, satisfied myself that the charge was all right, cocked both barrels, and with a thumping in my left side and a tremor in my lower limbs, began pushing my way through the scrub in the direction from which that awful sobbing was proceeding. Closer and closer, and the sobs became louder. Could 1 shoot a ghost? Was I going mad ? Anyhow, I kept my f orefingei handy to the trigger, and worked my way cautiously towards the something. A dark object in the shadow loomed up directly in front of me. It would be hard to say whether or not I was relieved to find out after another step or twc that the object was a hut-a hut, and nc light in it. The something was crying within the hut all right ; but that did no comfort me much. In the exasperation oi fear I walked around the place until J found the door. " One way or the other,' I mentally said to myself, " the mystery will be over in a minute," and so saying kicked at the door in anything but i gentlemanly manner. The sobbing sud denly ceased, there was a hurried snuffling and shuffling within for a moment, i match was struck, and the shadow of J man fell upon the thick window-blind, kicked again and stood outside with m; finger still nervously close to the toj trigger. " All right ; one moment," said someon from within. A bolt was drawn, th door pulled open, and I stood face to fae with him. He was evidently flesh an blood like myself, so I put the hammers o the gun down and explained that I ha lost my way. He looked at my face am then at my gun, smiled, and asked me t come inside. The hut consisted of a roor and a recess. A curtain was drawn acros the recess, but I could see enough to kno\ that he slept there. One glance at th surroundings was sufficient to show me, i I were not already convinced of the i ac t^at I had chanced on something un usual. A piano of good pattern an make stood in one corner. A rill hung over the mantel-piece, and th slab table before me was covered wit sheet music on manuscript Books an music were piled on a row of shelve fastened roughly to the wall. The bindin contrasted strangely with the smok slabs in the background, and the pian seemed out of place on the rough floo: He had evidently constructed the lair fe himself. But he did not bear the appeal ance of a weird beast. All this I took i while the man was making tea for me. How we wonder about one another ! He looked young. His hair had grown down over his shoulders, and a soft Vandyke beard covered his chin. He seemed as if he washed himself more frequently than the few people about that district were in the habit of doing. Slender white fingers, too. There was a story hanging to it somewhere. Other things also did I notice -, but why set them down here ? When the tea was ready he produced some damper and meat and set them down before me. I spoke commonplaces to him with my mouth full, and he replied courteously but briefly from his seat before the fire. I saw a lot of thought in his face. I am not sure whether I did not also see something else there. I would not like to say. When you call upon a man in the middle of the bush at midnight and find him in the midst of music and a great grief, it is not delicate on your part to be of a too enquiring tendency. Moreover, anyone but a boo: could see that he was a lot more sensitiv« than most of the women to whom ont gives credit for this sort of thing. At lh< same time curiosity is an inheritance whicl has come down to us from the first woman and after a decent interval, in which h< did not show any willingness to enlightei me, I said : " You were playing when first became aware of your whereabouts.1 " I was composing," he said quietly " And now, sir, as a gentleman, I mud request that you will neither question m< further as to who or what 1 am, ur reasons for being as 1 am, or my futur intentions. No doubt all you have see] and heard to-night appears strange to you An accident has made you my guest Your being my guest has in a measur made you my confidant. Need I sa; further ?" The man's manner and his earnestnes impressed me. Perhaps he was only ¡ crank, but I would humor him ; so simply said, " I understand you I " and w changed the subject. We talked " books " (he would not speal of music) for half an hour, and when a length I rolled in on the shakedowi which he had made for me I wen to sleep with the utmost confidence in hin: and did not wake till the sun was well u in the morning. He had breakfast read, for me, and after it was over he guided m by a narrow path out of the scrub whic surrounded his hut and on to a trac! which he said led to where I was going I found that I had deviated from th imaginary point of my destination on th day before by about 15 miles. When w were shaking hands at parting he sai quietly to me, with a peculiar expressio: on his face, " Do you think if you eve heard the continuation of that music you overheard last night that you would remember the beginning of it ? " «i Worked my way cautiously towards the something." " I would," I answered eagerly, " and, above all things, I should like to hear it right through some day, shall I P " *' Never ! " he moaned, and turning on his heel went towards the hut again. Oh, the agony of that " never 1 " Let those who cry in the night for expression think of it. No others can. They had heard a little of him over at the place where I was going. He came in to civilisation for meat occasionally ! They called him the " mad musician." People hold little sympathy with what they cannot understand. But somewhere in the loneliness of the Australian bush a great opera is awaiting to be completed " Never." Show me your gods that I may supplicate them I For it is, doubtless, the gods who hold the keys of all mysteries. 