PALACE, MONASTERY AND TOMB. THE ESCURIAL. It ia a pleasuro, if a rathor melancholy ono, i to find in “ Harpor” a posthumous paper by i tho Into Mr Thcodoro Child. It is a brilliant description of tho Esourial, that singular and grandiose monumont of the former might and mngnificenco of tho Spanish Kings. Ono of tho most attractive items in an excellent num • her of this charming magazine, it is as vivid and dolicuto na most things Mr Child wroto. M El-ANC H 01>Y IM MENS IT V. Tho first impression mude by tho Kscurial , is its immensity, and tbu JaBt its melancholy. There is no getting away from tho plaoo. It nearly fills tho littlo town of ISsourial, for naturally a monument built in tho shapo of a gridiron to recall tho instrument of torturo on which St. Laurence sutiered martyrdom ia rather straggling. The immensity of it takes your breath away; it ia not a palace, but a cw/olopeau town ; and although the aun may bo shining brilliantly, it looks aad and funereal with its gray walla picked out with ataring joints of whito mortar, its leadon roofs, its granito pavod surroundings, its voloauio as pect. This impression- of something burned, blasted, plutonian, of some thing that has passed through raging fire, struck mo time after time as I looked ' upon the structure. Nor is this idea of fire j1 iuappropriuto. Tho palace^convent itself is built in tho form of a gridiron turned upsido , down, and that in memory of tho patron, San Lorenzo, who was broiled by Valoriau ou a slow fire, and, according to Prudentins, boro his martyrdom with coolness and ever jocose irony, for when ONE SIDE WAS ROASTED , he had himself turned, and invited his cooks to try whether ho tasted bettor - underdone or well done.The sur face ocoupied by tho edifice 10 30,000 squaro metros ; tho oxterior facades measure more 1 than S00 metres, and are pierced by fifteen doora und 1128 windows ; in tho intorior thoro are sixteen court- yards, eighty-six atair 0 ites, eighty-eight fountains nine towtrB and •1505 rooms; in tho whole edifico thoro aro more than 10,000 windows and 2000 doors, while tho lobbies, cloisters and court-yards measure in length, somo 75 miles. THE GHOST OF rUIDLIl'. Tho Ksouriiil is hauntod by tho ghost of its founder, tho grim, gloomy, fanatical Philip Ii,, who married our own Quean Mary, and made of tho Inquisition an uuoxampled ougino of tyrannical power. Ho built the vast place as a monument to his father and himself; but as the old Duko of Braganza said, “ ho who mado such a great vow must have had a great fear.” Mr Child gives us a striking picturo of Philip’s own quarters. With a chill of mysterious terror you pass through a low door, and find yourself in a simple room, with a tiled floor and bare whitewashed walls, relieved at their base by tho usual blue and white tiles. The roum is lighted by three smull windows glazed with old rough glass, through which may bo seen vast landscapes of dark verdure and grand mountain silhouettes, which prove that tho morose King was not so ill advised aB some writers state when ho chose the site of his oloiaterod palace. This is the room were Phillip II. lived in monastic simplicity, and boasted that from the foot of his moun tain he GOVERNED THE OLD WORLD AND THE NEW with two inches of paper. The oarpot of matting interwoven with gold, and with the double-headed imperial eagle in red, is now hung up against tho wall, and the red tiles of tho floor are bare. Hero is tho table whore Philip used to sit and annotato Stato papora; hero aro his portfolio, his inkstand, ms set of pigeon-holes ; here is the smaller table of hiB secretary, Antonio Peroz ; here is a miserable arm-ohair studded with brass nails, and with a leather baak stitched into checkers. On this chair the king used to sit; and on these two stools, with their oushions of greenish brown velvet—tho ono stool bearing still traoosof red lacquer, the othor of blaokwood bound with silver—his Majesty rested his ulcored logs. In tho alcove to tho right, tho great monarcli slept ou a bod doubtless as . VULGAR AND EVEN SORDID as the chairs and tables of his sitting room. Next to tho alcove ia a dark oratory within walls of polished and panelled jasper. Touch a spring, the pauols open aud reveal tho grand altar of tho ohuroh, and on tho opposite side, in guilt bronze, the group ol Charles V. KNEELING IN ETERNALl’RAYKIt with the women of his house beside him. In this narrow oratory Philip, iu 1598, took to his bod sulloring tortures, his body devoured by sores, wasting away literally liko Job, upon hiB dung-heap. Through these narrow openings in the jasper panels, with which tho irrevereud lingers of curious tourists now play, tho monarch, worn out with caro and sickness, peered with anxious eyes as the priest celebrated mass amidst tho splendor of the capilla mayor. Hero, m this narrow, dark, and close comer, ho died. An inscription on the wall records the grnphic summary of hiB end:—“In this narrow chamber died Phillip II. when the world was too small to contain tho son of Charles V. Ho lived so far from tho earth that his soul alono was living; of his body thoro remained but tho shadow when no finished dying.” TIIE MUMMY OF “GREAT CAROLUS.” And now for the end of all the might and apleudor of tho Spanish Hapsburga—tho race who for a brief space held tho major part of tho world’s wealth—not, as it turnod out, in fee, but on sufferance - Wo descend into the royal tomb, or Pan theon. for such is tho term givon by tho Catholio Spaniards to a Christian burial place. This vault, placed exaotly bonouth tbe-high altar of the church, is an octagon room 3Gft in diameter and 38ft high. You descend into it by means of a staircase whoso walls are lined with green-and-yollow polished jasper. The walls of tho Pantheon aro of polished marble, porphyry, and jasper, richly orna montod with gilt bronzo capitals, bases, and angels, tho wholo executed by Italian artists after the death of Philip II. As au inscrip tion informs us, tho founder of tho Kscurial built only a simple vault, Philip III. began the present gorgeous structure in 1 GIT ; Philip IV. completed it, und. MOVED IN TIIE ROYA RODIES on tho 17th Maruh, 1G6-1, aftor Diego do VelaBquez had with his own bands fixed in its place tlje bronzo cruoifix by Pedro Tacca, which ho had brought baok from Italy. The ootugon walla contain twenty-Bix niches or shelves, on each of which ia a grey marble sarcophagus or urn of olassioal shape. On tho left aro tho kings, and on tho right tho motbors of kings, from Charles V. down to our own times. In 1054 Philip IV. opened the urn containing the remaius of Charles V., and after looking awhile at the mummified body, ho Baid, ^ laconioally, to Luis do Haro, “Don Luis, ouorpo honrado.” To which the Prime Minister replied, “Si, soiior, muy honrado.” Charles II. also opened THIS AUGUST SARCOPHAGUS, whioh was again opened by Ferdinand VII. after the Fronoh invasion, and once more in 1870, whon the as poot of the mummy was oare* folly reproduced by a painter of Madrid, and photographs from this pioturo now enablo curious tourists to carry away with them an authentic portrait of the corpso of tho great, emperor, whose features'Inspired so happily the brush of Titian and.' the ohiaol of tho Looms. “Silent, empty, dear and useles* ; a pro* digous monumont from whioh the eoul haB departed,’—that- is Mr Child's rimming up , of this wonderful monument.- .[St. Jamoa’ , Budget.” 