; Novelist. iA MYSTERY SOLVED. DETECTIVE STORY. -y SPEOT:lZUM.L CHAP'TER V. A few moments' thought convmced ])ash of eo faoot. Tho girl whose dead body heo had found on the beach was really a corpsoe; and again, ro. snarkablo as the fact was, ho was convinced that the girl before him was no ghost, but a real flhush-nd-blood counlerpart of the lovely creature whoso pallid features ho had gazed upoen under theo moolnhght upon the lonely beach. Ile was astounded at the remnrkablo rosom. blance, and satisfied that theor was some omya torious connoction beotween the ghastly leand and the marvellously lovely living, heo doulr. umined to solve the mystery. Whilo comning to thin resolution, Ihe had been mtanding just withllin the doorwoy, gaznlog at the girl. i The latter appeared fo be in the company of twoe gentlemon. I her compalnions were remarkable.loolking mneo, evidently foreigners. i. One was tall and slender, while the other was short and tlnck-s.et. - B oth possessed swarthy complexiuons, dark, piercing eyes, and ravoenblack hair. SlKingston still stood gazing at theo fair girl, when tie attention of one of tile nlilt wasr di. rected toward hmn, Boeing that Ilo had attracted attention, Dash turned upon Is heelo and walked slowly down thl long hall toward the stairway. At tlhe head of the stairs ho halted. Hlo had observed that the girl was robed in a travelling dress,and it struck him that possibly the party might be stho uponi0 the ev ovof delpr. ,turo, and heo felt that it would not do to lot tlsem go withoot ascortaining something about VWhile lho was still standing thero, and con sidoring what course ho should take to acemn plishl his ppose, he heard a step lfpproaching along the hall, and, upon turning, discovered thant thl newcomer was tile taller of t te two ieni whsomle he sad soeen in company with thes girl. As the maen pahsed Dash to aseond tlhe stairs, ihe fastened oni the latter a stseady, Onulirilng glance. "I reckon that follow will linow me again when hI sees sme," was tIhe lnttoered conlltlt of the young meal, as hoe started to descend tfhe stairs. From the fact that the man had paossed hIim, Dashll considered that the party had but just arrived, instead of boeing on IhiI point of deplar ture, and hel doterminled to lost?lonio Isi enlqui tries until a miore oplortuno occasio? . Our Ihero was an expert billiard player, and, having nothintlc articular to.do..strollfd nlit. -h itfssrileroom. ] o ihad been seated theoro but a short imne, wheno the stranger who had stared ast him so ismpudently caenu ilto the room also. Thlo latter took It sent directly opposito Dash, and.l again fhteSned his gazen upon the younig follow in a iiaed and inluullmdet_mn Osur readers aro all well awaro that it [is not a very nice thing to hIo impudetly staored at by a total stranger, and ])ash began to fool ratlher uuncomfortablo, For somo time leo paid no atteniton to tihe man, but directed Iis gaze carelessly about tihe roomn but every tillle heIalanced towrird tlhe # Dnl bOg'nu to gia\'os omhlint sorilasly iai noyol by this offioelvo surveillance, and il ro talliatlo ho faced tile mian whith a look as steady and illpudoet as hiis own. Thus for a few secosds tile two iUen faced each other, until it beCauo ne cessary for Ueno or tihe other to speak. Dash was the one who decided to venture iupon this experillment, and Ieo said "Are we acquainted, sir ?" "No," was the lacolic reply. "'Then why do you gazo aLt to ill such a Imanner 11'" "iecause I choose to l"was theoimporthlent Ireply, "Weol, I choose that yoti shouldl'desist froIn lookiag at teit in such a fixed notranu r; it is lffenssive," said Dash. . "I thought a few llluments ago, wholl I saw you trying to stare a lady oat of countenance, ithat you approvod of sunch little pleasantries," ;said the mall,. SDash instantly recollected that Ihe had istared at the mnan's companiol, anid lbl g is franlk, generouis follow, not at all iquarrel?euto, auIte rally he thoutght that u a explanatiou was due, and he said t "l?,?e give a good roason for Imyy'seouingly Lsspartitlsn mconduct, sir." f "I should li1ke to hear it,"answered the "Tohe young lady whom I saw ins your coin. paioy hears a remarlkable resoalblance to as. othlr peorsone whol I Tmet cdedr piouliar ldr. cunnstitlcos," Upion lhearing thlls rply thile drk face of the strocTger became Ilvil, lls liops s oero bloodloess, and a fierce, threat. ,anlilg light gleasned ill hio eyes a Is she ld, ins a low, husky volco t "As you have olfered thlls oxllntionl, will you please go still furthur, sals ea.pstlnl ulnder what crcumaltances yuss risot the Iuly who you ;siy resnembles msey nictol' a "I did not say thalt It ws a lIofy," replied Dsh, witli provokling coolness. "Well, will yell stt whol It wasn I" "I do not think that I will, iitdor present efrcI iat onGo pc l ye to g" as a figro r "When you do I may toll," replied Dash. "Do not provroeo mn too far, young man; it Inny p1rov dangerous." "It fi yomrlulf who had botter he careful. You are a stranger to me, and you have thrust this conversation upon me,"replied Dash Kirg. "No, ofr ; you were tfh nggresacor; you in ,ulted a lady under my charge." "That is false I" "]Do yaol give mo te e li o' "I weold serro yon right if I were to give you te lpaln of my glove on your cheek," said Dash, angrily, " o; you are a loafer ; you dare not strike a elctle.nan." This was the first tihn that such an epithet had over been applied to the young man, and his blood boiled. Urged by a sodden passion, ho advanced and raised his hlnd, iltedlinig to at least crush the stranger's hat over his eyes, when the litter suddenly sprung front his seat, and roshling at the younger mal, struck o p owerful blow at DIash was quick-eyed and aln expert boxer, and throwing out his loft rni bhe warded all the blow, and with the right hand knocked tihe other's hat ofil Ifis aotagonist did not stop to pick nIl his hit, but whipping out a pistol hastily cocked it, and a tragic result tnst have followed hafd not a gentleman rushed ill jult it that momennt who seized hold of the would-be assassin, say. ing, lit a lirn voice: "Stop I yol must not shoot." The maln who had thus oppolrtunely inter. faed in on behalf of our Ihero, proved to be the lholrt, thick-set iman, who had also been a coin panioni of tlhe younlg laldy who had mnad souch a remarkalible ilipression upon Dashi. Theo ]lst coelur spokeO in broken English, and in a very rapid mannler. As he tturned thie weapon asido, and while still holding thle arm of his friend, he turned toward Kingston, and asked : " \\\lht is the trouble 1" "You must ask your friend," returned our bern. ' You must be careful, my friend will kill I tllhink not," was the quiet reply " b]t he0 would have killed you lhad I not "'l'ui did not save Inylifoabut ylor friend's," replied Dash, and as lie spok e h allowed a pi tol ill I11 hand, adding: "B]eforeoyour friend could have raiseod his aril, srl, 110 would have boel the i\cthll of this. 1 have dealt with assassins before, and I nam always plropared for theni." "My fr'iond lf not all assasinh. You must have insulted him grossly, or he would not have llttemlpted to kill you." . Thli scene occurred il the middle of tllhe day; thore was no one ill the room at the mlolment the actual outbreaki occurred,andl colln asequently the above conversation passed with. out linlg heard, except by thoso tailkig part in it. Ill answer to the assertion of the slout manll, Dash said : "It w;as your friend that insulted neo: anl the host thing you can do is to tlake hhil away with you." While the laboli clnversation was transpir ing the itll maIni had restored his pistol to his pocket, and stood with folded arms gazing at .I)Dah with ai glance thaot was menacing, and IIian dltnger iat foiiin futulre time. 'hell stout In111 oeetlled to pollsons a wonder. fnl inlluenco over himn, and it was only it iis friend's reqclest that ; h wans inlduced tio put iup his: weapion. A short collversatinl 1nwv taonl place between tlo two meno, ill the Splanish tongue. Our hero wans a line Spanishl scholar, and, tun llnolwn to uth,, heard anlld understood every word that passed between thlelt. ' What loedo o the troubl?" asked the thlick set iltnu of the tall one. "That man recognised Gertiilo I" was the refly. "lfocognised Oertino ? Imipossible I" "Yo: ; but ho admitted that hu ,did," "You have been fooled, Alonzo." "No; I toll you ho said that lie had soo00n her before." "t'heno he wn mnaking sport of you. It lo impossille that lie could have seen her before, and inllo e nhoutld kfolu thalt fact bitter than 'iol." "Al,, but you do not unllerstand ; h said that lie hd i en solme one who looitd ,mi nIouEch lilke her that he could allmtt swear that it w:as the sae llpe irson. And to thco again, Del Fuir, liloIe hllouild know butter t thoii thu that there wa0s hiut ono ilerson who looked so Illmuch like our ilortinoe." After a short silence, thie strait an IIsi 1: " Are you sure that you did 'lot mliunder. staolI tle yollng ien11 111 Sill ai sure." "WVell, Alotno, rnetmenber that we have a quieter way of getlingf rid of ia fuu thllal shouot ing him down in the strect." " I cannot be goaded." " thyou lomust not be rash ; you mIust apolo gise. We imusnt 11alo a friend of hii ; then, if we canlnot isue hhim, wucan reliIoeU hlil ithout any nolltse.I ])nli eo ongratiulated hhIlielfl n having been taught tho Sllalislh language, an li at the Oanllii tiheu eanio the thoulglht that tlo bu forewarlied ii to be foreartmled, "I will go-you are are co(loer tlihn I you nloluo him llyo fricl," said tho till n11ll. 'J'lhe tall mnl moveld away an thouigh urged to do ioi by his friln.t.......- :. 'latter turned La iini nd said: "Yuilli lmulst forgiveo lly friend ; come,let you aiid T be on good termsrl." ]ashli tlhoulght that, under thel circlulstali nce-? lie was quitl justililed in dissemboalig, and tool; the Spaniard's hand. Ito also had a i golne to pllay, and being on uis guard, hle wase willing to tl;a lolg chlanlced to win. " How did they register 1" "As Pedro Dcl Fuer, and A. Gonme and ilicco." " That is strange," said )a)h. " What is straLnge ?" enquired the clerk. "Why, that theu Stot man, wihosoo namu is Del Fucr, blhould lay that the girl is isl daugh. tcr." "Blio may be, lor all I know ; but sloe wia not rcgia:srid ns iodo adoighltr." )Dalh, after a little ndroit dodging to avoid sOspicion, lmanagedo to discover the number of thl apartment occupied by tie strangers, and obtained a room adjoinilng tlhirs. Ho resolved to fathom the mystrry to the bottom. Of ono thing he wai certain. Thel two Spaniardn o wero villains and assas Lins, and clitain indicaLtions led hliin to leliuvo that the death of tlie murdered girl conld be traced directly to theln. This fact was plain to himi, but tlho mysteri. ou3 secret wa, whact connection had thlat lo?ly counterpart of the dead with the crimes of tie two soon. Was ?he linked with tlhem, or was Oell also a victim wliho tihy wier waitingan opportunity to asqsalsinate. And ngaiol,froin whence can:o tllis marvellous roesmblance, Tlhose worn thlo t lhooghl at agnitated Dash Kilg.ton s mind up1on the nOight following tihe fracas in the hilliard saloon, ra lio retired for tli nigiht to his room, adjoiniog the one occu pled by the two inIU whomi he had already mientally pronouncnd inurdreorn. In his mind Dashl thought tli girl was only a victiom, and not a confedeorato ; and ho ra solved to eeop upon tll traic of the parties, learn t th troth, rnd rescu tihe girl at all haz. ards, if his conclusions should in the end prove correct. Dash had boon somo tihno i hiis room, and was sittllg ollo tioe ide oIf his bad onousing upon thu facts nbove stated, whlbn lie was startled by hearing voices in tihe adjoining room, Io0 was oln tlio point of making a noise, no as to notify the partie.l iin la iiI. xt rono0 that. they mIigiht be overalio'rdL, woi lion on was startled by ihnring mI snothoreti d liclreaml or cry for help. All scruples at once vnnised. l]o iad previously observeid a bolo in thel iartition whero i sitoven.pillo liad onco passed through, and leaping ullon a clinir, liojl.pt hii faco to the laprturoo ain glanced into tli roomn frontl whence tliue nuotlierd cry for help liad colne. Tlio gas was turned on at full blaze, and our loero was onco moro norlprised and a; tounded tly a startling discovery. Upon lir Iknees opono tlioo loor, willth lr linds clasped nlid raioil 1 iln a loc(eci:lliig malin lier, was thlloirl OCitinoe whlilo over lir, witl gleaming eyos, and a faco colnvllscd witlh aln ger, stood it wouinnn oiviiootly lIisat thirty ynarsn of nag, bl;t onu of tlio nianst rlooriousl beautliol tllat tih dazzled eyes of I)ah li lad over gat.nd At lencgth tihe littlr spoke, and lihr vords were in thli Spaniiish tiioguic: bill, fortunately, a0 our reanloers will reonoloibol', o0r hereo lwal lilt excellent Splanilsh sclolar, and lad nl o dilliciulty in indeatlrtanidini; every word tliat was pokl"en. " So you will still danro too rliel ngainsti ny nutlhority ! said thle oler woniiall fro1n be. twioen h1ir clionchld entili. " No, no ! I will not rebel ngainst yonI, Tsa. bel. lint whly lnakl l mii lie olbediint too those (lreaodfl l 0i0n " wat ti tremboling resploono.. " You forgoit that loUll AlUono is iny rela tion." " Ihnt io i, . a traugor to Ini." "No, ie is no tl liot oflten fondled you wlhen you were aI child, lilt yoii have forgottn hliin. Y?oiu isud to be fonld oif hlli olnc." SI liatou liln noow " owas tlie abrupt exclanm ation. "IIst I beoarool I Donotldarto t any tlat again. or I will lnnak you uorry I" '"You aro cruel, and you will teacli me to hlto you." "GCortine, you will regrot overy word you are now uttering." "I will regret mny last word nlow if you will only lako inm to sonio place whereu I will never elo llhat man nagaill." "Onco agaiiln I warn you, Gertine." "Ifylon donlot lhecdn y prayer I will lloo away alone." " What is that you say, child ?" "I say, that if you do not take meo to some placo where I will never nco tlat man tagaiin, I will fly away and lind oino triyself." "Alh I Well, I Inn glad that you told 1ia. And now, listen to rin-if yno over nitenmplt to escapeo fromnt y care and kindinsc., I will lind you." "Oh, Isabell you never spoke to ino nor treated Imn ill this cruel mninnor until thalt nma crossed our path,ll" lnlernred erlirne. "I cannot reomain to arguen olingecr witl you tonliglit, Gortino, but I Silhall look youl in this roonl, and if you utter tiio least oiutcry or Inlako tie faintest attempt to oacaplu I will do wliat I tlireatened. Now minil I" An tim woman uttered the last wordo, sli gavn Gortino a puIsi thiat knocked hler orer upon tho flour, and tllcn tihe elderly woman left tlih room. After the door litd closed behind Isalel, as tho younger girl lhad called lier, Dash healird tlio key distinctly turned in thl lock, scnuring tlie door from tlio outside. Foll half an hour passed, during wliclh Ocr tino remained nobbing upon the Iloor, whlilo )Dash roLlined his; position at hie anlorturo watcling her. At length tho girl suddenly started to ior feet. 1Her boautiful eyes were still filled with tears, but a resoluto expression rested oupon lur features, as slie exclaimed illn xcllnoit ]ni?g lish : " I will Ily from tlis bondaigo, even it I liav o to leap out of tllo window. She crossed tho room and tried tlho door. It wasIn lockled.... -- - " I 0in noprlsoner rl'Yotldltlia I i liii tlio strengtli to wronch tllnt lock olf. Once away ,./ oinoAeooitauysilta tuu'nli?r"dllldbiohga'iioli;"slic' nouriinorl ded. An leal struck Dashl. Leaping down noisolussly from Ilis perch, lio occiured thll key from Ilis own door, and re inountel d to hls position. As hi glanced a thlirl timo into tbo roonm a nighlt nllet Ilii. gol that lcaused his hleart to cease liulsaling, and Ihe lIood to CuIIile thlrough Ilia veins willh icy ctldnest . ]l fooolghlt to ittor anll exclamation of warn int, bilt lin liowrrs oif lpeucll weru munddenlly tfrilcken dumib. Wiil dnlamnir snrged ill Ili lie:art, wheln onco nghnil, thoighli niiabl tL o le H ilak, Ia lioiploy idea tltrick hlinl, anlld ih Iluldou nUo last olfort to nsve a hnunin lifu. CIIAPTEII VII, Tio snight whlich imet thllo gnz of our iher wals 0110 woll'cliliollated to freezn tlio blnood In thu vun ois of on moro ccuistoned to scnitnos of hlorror thain lio was. leforo a mirror in tioe room, located directly opponit thell spot frnno wliienc lioe 10wa gazinIg, stooid tliu yonlltg 1ii0. Ilor eyes ware idilatcd witlli nollo farflul reso lution, anld hlur fraltires woru uot and fixrne liko tlioauu of thll dad, wlilo all aaslioon lio added to lheoir death-lito llleppnaranec, In lher hlnld was grasped a nakbd ,lilotllo, wlhooa long, rllenller blalu glittorod In thlI gas. ight likn oolishled silver. Tilhe oxlrueniion of heor Ince mnil her ojl'isiud loft lon doubt us to lior torribleo plurpla? hier hlanl wnas lllifttld, tlheo dngger was troly ioiisod, nld its puilnt was nlied directly at Ion leanrt. Tuils wnn tlioe lghit lithat curdled tlio blond rnnilltld iinsli KI(ngston'l heart, noldt causetl ills toligiiu to cleavo hellpless to llio ro of o his onelutl. A few oconlld only pn.ed : at f1ew moro and It would ho too lato to utter a wartlling cr$yPaud lin wm0 sntrioken li|LeclhOless with horror. It was at tlin Inoniont tlat a luckly thonught .trluk hhini. I lo cohld inot isno lli tonglie, bult Ills arm woO :uniJoct to Ilis will. In hlia liand hln hold thi koy of lhi room, . ILwnx fjitanto »taknund tg i«a tofor tinato inspiration that caused him to throw it through the pipe-hole into the adjoining roomn. With a sharp click it struck against a porce lain pitcher, and slid off upon the floor with a second sound. The girl heard the fall, and with a low, emothored cry rhe lowered tlhe murderous blade, and turning about, fixed her gaze upon the little tarnished piece of brass. "It is a key I Heaven must have sent it for my delivcrance " she exclaimed, with g!adicss. Gertine proved horself instantly to be a young lady of nervo and coolness. It was evidcent that desperation had led her to sook to tako lher own life ; but now that a ohanoe for escapo by other means presented it. self, a new hope appeared to find lodgment in her heart. Stealthily she crossed the room on tiptoe, and inserted til kery in the lock. It ittod, and (the bolt yielding to the pres. sure, a way of esapeo was open. Satisfied that slo could open thl door, the girl returned and commenced deliberately to pack a small valiae. While Dash swatched the process of packing, ho beheld a eight that once again astonished and surprised him. Blcxides quantities of rare and valuable jewels, the girl placed a large roll of money in the valise,aftor having tranusfrred roveral notes to her portmounnaio, evidently for inunediate necessitio., At length hor prenarations soumed sratiac. tory and compluto. Then, as a final matter, she dropped upon her lines besideo her valio, anid pilarnrad ta Indulgo a few mioments In silent mipplicatlon.' Having concluded ier short devotions, shi rose to her feet, seized her valise, and on tipi too moved to the door, opened it, and passed nut. fDash Kingston had Ioft Sydney in a groeat hurry, and had not burdened himself with alny superlluous baggage. He was in marching order, and tie moment the girl left lier room lie also leaped down fromn hli place of observation, seized Ilia satchel, and with a oirelleos tread started to open hsl door, whene, lo I the truth flashed upon his mind that he wass locked in. l e now romembored that lie had lockdl Iris room door ullpo firiat entering it, nud wlhein lo had eizei d his keyto assist hi l bteautiful neiCgh boer lie had not stopped to unlockl it. Dash was not a swearer lhaiitually, but a naughty word did fall [roi Ihis lips when the conviction settled upon Iis imind that lie wisa really a priaoner. " Iang my pig-lheadedn?li I tlis is a Irett7 state of affairi. lern I have roleased onu per son only to imprison yselrf," he exclaimed. )asll, howover, was not a person to be easily diucoiuraged. li ) was full of expedients, and hastily open ing his aitchel, hie drew forth a long-blidled knife, and inscrtiig tih stcel in the key-iolo quiclly, had tiesatisfaction of hearing tho bolt fly back. How little do we poor mortals know how often oeino trilling annoyanco portends somen direhful calamity. .lash Kinirtoni was grratly annoyed by the little accidr et that, had inndo him a momeint ary pirisoner, and yet, had it not so Jiappened he would hIlave been ra prisoner ill a more Eerorious rllloer. At, thl very ioniic t trt that Io was fImblin tlo get out, a. man passmid hi door and liived slowly ulong thI tall to nollther rennn, search ing for the very reoon occupied by Dash at that noininlrt. A iniisndnrrtnuding of the information given hliin by the clerk iof the hotel had sent hiim to thie wrong rooir. I nd ho minet Das;l in thi hall lihe would have rocognised him,ithut at tlie llmoinetlt Dasih iased outt thoe n i as at tr otiheri l on tLhi hall, and when ii h did return to tile single roomi its oiccupalitavwir goile. 'lihe mysteriiousi man was a Sydney detective, and hlid bor witlh hliinri arriint for the arreat of a murderer, ITO ti coNsnUo.ri .] 