WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mns. H. IH. JE..nInos lives at No. 211 Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December, 1891, the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burn ing, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past 11 they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eycholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when MIr. Jennings came in five minutes later hlie found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the woman saw ? "During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about 2 o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by wleat seemed lil/ tIe calling of ay lname : and at the foot of the bed stood the image-of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in per fect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. WVhy, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. Imn March. 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott-road Pokesdown, Hants, wrotes us as follows :- I was so dreadfully icroues I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I-slept very badly, and in the nmorning felt little the better for lhauving gone to bed There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. Mly skip was dry and yellow. and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-bye I had td lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomachl. By this time I was nothing but skine and bone. py meuomoet completely failed. M]y head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed tlit I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. WVest, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Fe'oster suffered from wan indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pros tration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion, and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds imean nothing more .or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Soigel's Syrup does its work the eyes iand ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. A 2s bottle of Harlo's Cough Balsam will positively relievo and often cure the worst cough in child or adult. Sold all principal stores. Now quit your agony. - 2 