HENRY IRVING. Mr. John Henry Brodribb, or, as he is com monly known, Mr. Henry Irving, has during a stage career or 37 years played upwards of 70o ! parts—to quote Mr. Goddard's " Players of the Period"—from the refined comedy of Benedick to the brutal blackguardism of Bill Sikes; from the pure, gentle, ideal spirituality and sweet humanity of the Vicar of Wakefield to the diabolical, mocking cynicism of Mephieto pheles; from the dignity of Charles L, and the curiously pathetic passion of Shylock, to the flippant rascality of Jingie and the airy insolence of Digby Grant; from the haunting terror of Mathias and the conscience-stricken misery of Eugene Arain, to the subtle treachery of lago, and the airy comedy of Doriconrfe; from the vulpine ounning of Louis XI. and the wittier brilliancy of Richelieu to the vivid contrast of a Dubose and Lesurgues, the devil-may-care knavery of a Robert Macaire, and the pathos and nobility of a Robert Landry." Mr. Irving is at his best in diablerie, or as one critic has expressed it: •"Thewoird, the terrible, the ghastly, and the grotesque." His "faulty elocution " is a stock phrase used in depreciation of the actor, but in parts such as those of Mathias in " The Bells," and Mephisfcopheles in "Eaust," his elocution, according to the authority quoted, stands him in good stead and adds to rather than detracts from the force and pungency of his acting. Of Shakespearian characters his Othello and Romeo—" Oh, Romeo, Romeo, wherfor wert thou Romeo ?' Punch once exclaimed — are considered less satisfying than his Macbeth, his Shy lock, and his Richard III. As for his conception of Hamlet, the presenta tion of which, according to Irving him self, comprehends "the highest aim which English-speaking actors can cherish" —we owe to Salvini, whose autobio graphy appears in the Century Mcujazinc for September, the following graphic descrip tion :—"I was very anxious to see the illus trious English artist in that part, and i. secured a box and went to the Lyceum. I was recognised by nobody, and remaining as it were concealed in my box, I had a good opportunity to satisfy my curiosity. I arrived at the theatre a Jitble too late, so that I missed the scene of Hamlet in presence of the ghost of his father, the scene which in my judgment contains the clue to that strange cha racter, and from which all the synthetic ideas of Hamlet are developed. I was in time to hear only the last words of the oath of secrecy. I was struck by the perfection of the stage-setting. There was a perfect imitation of the effect of moonlight, which at the proper times flooded the stage with its rays or left it in darkness. Every detail was excellently and exactly repro duced. The scene was shifted and Hamlet began his his allusions, his sallies of sarcasm, | his sententious sayings, his points of satire i with the courtiers, who sought to study and to ' penetrate the sentiments of the young prince. 1 In this scene Irving waB simply sublime ! His J mobile face mirrored bis thoughts. The subtle penetration of his phrases, so perfect in shading and incisiveness, showed him to be a master of , art. I do not believe there is an actor who i can stand beside him in this respect, and I was so much impressed by it that at the end of the second act I said to myself, ' I will not play Hamlet ! Maple son can say what he likes, but I will not ! play itand I said it with the fullest resolu I tion. In the monologue, ' To be, or nod to be,3 i Irving was admirable; in the scene with • Ophelia, he was deserving of the highest praise; in that of the Players he was moving, and in j all this part of the play he appeared to my j eyes to be the most perfect interpreter of that ! eccentric character. But further on it was not so, and for the sake of art I regretted it. Prom the time when the passion assumes a deeper hue, and reasoning moderates impulses which are forcibly curbed, Irving seemed to me to show mannerism, and to be lacking in power, and strained.33 Irving3s protraiture of the Prinoe of Denmark, other critics agree, has been surpassed by more than one prede cessor, notably by Booth. 