RUE DU -TEMPLE. x famous paeis 8tbeet. The first street parallel to the Rue Saint- Martin is the Rue du Temple, which, muoh increased in length by the demolition :and reconstruction of 1851, is now one oi the longest streets in Paris. It oweB its name to the ancient na Ditauon of the Order of Tempiars. After the violent suppression of this fraternity, ;he property passed to the Order of Saint John of Jerusalem, who fixed upon it for theiE Paris headquarters. The Grand Prior of this Order had, by rule, to ba a prince of the blood; and the last to hold the office was the Duke of Augouleme, eldest son of the Count of Artois, afterwards Charles X. The captivity of Louis XVI., Marie Antoinette, and the Dauphin iu the Temple is one of the saddest pages of history. After being used some years as a State prison, the old building was demolished to 1811\. Finally the Palace of the Grand Prior, with its majeatio colonnade, whioh had been allowed to remain untouohed until 1154, was palled down, and the land made over to the town of Paris on condition of its . planting trees" on the site "and erecting a monument to the memory of Louis XVI. Thin latter condition was never fulfilled. Nothing now remains of the fortress whioh Loois XVI. quitted, on the 21st of January, to be taken to the scaffold, bat an old willow, dating from four or five centuries back, beneath whose shadow the king, during his confinement, loved to walk. The monument to the oentre of the. Bquare is a statue of Beranger; 4 the divine Beranger,' as Heine calls him, .'and of whom Benjamin-Constant said one day, when the poet was yet unknown : 4 Ha writes magni ficent odds and oalls them songs/ " " The Temple Market dates from a remote period ; not, however, to iiis present form, whioh was given to it by the First Consul in 1102\. It was made to include the Rotunda, bailt to 1788 for the accommodation of debtors without means or without intention to pay, who camo to the Temple to enjoy the privileged security of all who there sought \- refuge. Men's clothes and women's dresses are the articles chiefly in demand at the Temple Market. To the ancient dealers to seoond-hand garments belonged a reputation for strong language, which has now faded away. /Under the conditions of modern life, character perishes, and even thejtepresenta- lives of Mdme. Angot and her celebrated daughter are well- behaved and even polite.— From 4 Paris, Old and Sew, for June - The novel is a distinctly modern invention, satisfying a modern want. In the ideal state desoribed with so much accuracy by Mr. Bellamy, I believe the novel would not sril. It would he incomprehensible or it woald not he a novel at all, according to our understanding. Do away practically with the struggle for life, eliminate all the unfit, and make the surviving fittest perfectly comfortable — men and women might still take a curious interest to onr present civilaa- tion, hut it would he of a purely historical nature. " To gratuitously,- invent a tale of a poor man fighting for snooess uould seem to them a piece of monstrously bad taste and ridionlonsly useless.— Marion Crawford. Our first great national epic was 4 The Brace,' of Barbour, our greatest national lyric is 4 Soots Wha Hae,'our last and greatest national epic is 4 The Lay of the Last Minstrel.— Prof. Veite h. Style is a mark of the purest mental aristocracy, the most untainted intellectual blue-blood— it speaks of long and high desoent, of noble spiritual ancestry — and we can ho more forget its possessors, than we can forget some grand countenance Been by chance among a thousand nnmemorahle faces. The truth is, style .is high breeding. —William Watson. The association of ideas and sentiments,- of memories and hopes, whioh make np the sentiments of nationality, of patriotism, and of Empire, are too complex, subtle, and in definite to be realised in the abstract. They need a symbol about whioh they may cluster, a flag, a sceptre, a building. The Roman eagle, the Frenoh Tricolor, the American : stars and stripes, are examples of the com pleteness with which tlie sigh absorbs toto itself the things signified, and recalls them. — World. No public building in Franoe appeals to the historical imagination more eloquently than the Falaos of - Fontatoebleau. None awakens so rioh and varied a group of striking associations ; none i9 so thickly haunted with memories of the past ; none w tenanted by the ghosts of so brilliant a orowd of famous men, and women. It is a docu ment to which', twenty kings have se ®tr Bign- maiiuals, a chronicle to Btone of the history of Franoe, a dumb yet eloquent nreadher of the mutability of human great- ; ness.— J WinburghBeoiew. _ . , -:34w occurrence, even if the officer who had been killed were- English, would have been "Serve him right for allowing himself to fall into a trap, and engaging in a perilous enterprise with a force insufficient to see him out of the difficulty." Not so the chivalrous Govern ment of France. They send a couple of war ships to the capital of a country, the majority of whose inhabitants have never fired a gun, except to scare off the paddybirds from their rice fields. It is not known who opened the, ball, but the end is that a few Frenchmen and far more Siamese are killed or wounded. Whereupon the French commander is in structed to demand from Siam the payment of 120,000 within 48 hours, the possession of the left bank of the Mekong River, of several islands, of fisheries, and so forth. The end of it all will be, if the French have their way, that the Kingdom of Siam will be gradually eaten up until the boundaries of British Burmah are reached. imbaiabbbnaanbinniahbennhnnam 