WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN TEM- <*> PERANCE UNION. THE ANNUAL CONVENTION. On Thursday morning the annual district convention of the Port Adelaide and West Torrens W.C.T.U. was commenced in the Brompton Wesleyan Lecture-hall, when repre- eectatives of tlm Port and Semaphore. Hoar der), llindninret), Alberton, and Soi;tbwark unions mm prevent and the district president (Mrs. W. llamonco) uccupiod the chair. Thcro were between 30 and 40 delegates present, and a good number of visitors. Tho rurai iusNT coidially welcomed the dele gates and theusual greetings wiregiven. Tho president's annual report was as fellows:—"Twelve moct!i3 liavu rolled away since, in this place, we met to enquire if wo should be formed into a district, and we formed ourselves into one a week later. We will bore raise praise to our heavenly Father for what has bcun done and ask His and your forbuar ance for what might have been done which has been left undone. The year has been marked by that ever-to-be- regretted strike at Broken Hill, whereby our sisters and brothers have snltered so severely, and also by tho open ing of that beautiful temple in Chicago. We hope before many years our beloved presideut may be able to open one in Adelaide or tfindmareh superior to that. Wo can only report thia year one white ribbc:) babe, viz., Sontbwark, but we feel that ono a jear in adistrioC is not euflicient, but we are happy to say it ifl growing and thriving and not likely to die. and thia is something to bo thankful for. Then there have been three rooms thia year—Port Adelaide, which is thriving; Rosewater fought nobly for six months to try to keep open; and, lastly, Bowden has tried whan it can do. To look after the lads and children is prevention, whioh is better than cure. This year, si?tera and friends, we want to unite our temperance forces, and if needs be continue that crusade against tho liquor traffic that our American sisters started just about 20 years ago. Oh ! for such holy fire and zeal as they had tbere. Had wo that we should turn our publichouses into praying-rooms on the Kaltbuth. instead of now, as I ccc it, from 6 to a or 11 men rolling in and out on a Sabbath morning. Oh ! friends, it is time to unite to stop thiescourgo of humanity, but I must stop to say we must never rest till we shall be enabled to enlighten thoso people who say God mode alcohol. They might say with just as much force God made the devil. What we must try to do is to get them to let the devil alone, whether in the form of alcohol or any other form. It is our duty to close as many mouths as possible from being the drains through which this king of poisons iinds its way into the organisms of mankind. It is our duty, who have studied and practised total abstinence, to be torchbearers and Bee that we lift the masses that they might form a mighty column to follow on, that our young may he encouraged to light on, and that our L.T. legions may be a trained noble army to take our places, because there is still our Master's command to love one another, and tliis we are trying to do by getting others to join our r&pks.; At the meeting held by Mr. .Dawsoa Kins several joined, and I feel sure if we could oftener hold meetings, not as now, po many of .our places being locked tip from Sunday to Sunday, I feel many a weary mother would be led to cast her care on the Groat Burden Bearer. Then Mr. Aitken, from Africa, gave us a lecture on liovedale, which brought funds to our treasury, and Miss Ellis very kindly gave us help, the proceeds of lit-r day-school concert, which helped us also. Hiss ilerwtt, from West Adelaide, helped and cheered our district very much, and we feel there is a reality in the sisterhood of oven a bow of ribbon white, and to-day we can fay in the wordacfaeou?inourdoarunion "Signal," '"All rcund tkeworldourribbon white isfound.' May we soon see the time that in every town iv Australia a union will be found, and instead of only two poor unions as we have now, with 10,000 inhabitants at Hindniarsh, it may be numbered by one in every meeting place where Christ is preached. I shall nos rest till it .is so, God helping me. We are bound to work to help to checkmate the great enemy of souls, the fireside and fritnds. Onr brothers are sitting in elippc- ry places. Let this district make a move, having the iiiust important object, the micue of men and women from the clawof Ftronfr drink by pro viding bright Gos:x>] temperance meetings, and if we cannot j,-et these inside lot uh en out and invite with loving tender words. Some have been won to our cause during the past year, but may we do more in the future for tun restoration of many lives and homes to purity and peace. We mint try to put good literatureinto the hands of our boys andgirls, for through the eye and ear is constantly carried into memory's storehouse, the chamber of imagery, in the heart of our boys and girls chat which is to remain to exert a lasting and often pernicious influence upon their future livee. Be not deceived; God is not mocked, for whatsoever a man, woman, boy, or girl roweth f-o shall he reap. We are bappy to cay that by showing a bold front to tlio enemy we have the enti?faction of knowing that the wine license that was being applied for in Bowden has no: been granted, and that our sister has not had to ftand in court It only cost us a few days' work and 10&. but what misery has been avoided, who can tell? We are determined to oppose every new license to the utmost of our ability." A hearty vote of thauke was given to the president for her report. Miss Cakti.eiwse presented the financial statement, showing that the income, inclusive of a balance of 12s. 2d. from August 24, 1M92, to March ? was £4 10a. iiW., and after ex pends had been paid there remained a balance of £30s.rAd. Mrs. Donald, superintendent of mothers' meetings, submitted a report on the evan gelistic work of the Hindmareh branch for the past six month?, which showed that cottage prayer meetings had been a, source of great npiiitual blessing. Sixty-eeven prayer meet ings had beeu held, and ehe bad made I^7 cstiago homo vitita. Seven sisters had joined Che union, and three brethren had become honorary members. There had been three conversions at the mothers' meetings. On February 23 at a mothers' meeting at the Hindmareh V.M.C.A. rooms, Mrs/Whiting (colonial superintendent of mothers' meetings) gave an address on tho work. The meetings were well attended, and tho membership wa* on the increase. A club in connection with these meetings had ljoen formed. The Cor.iiKsi-ONDiNi; Secretary (Mrs. Allen) reported that 127 pledpts had been taken, and there had been 140 evangelistic meetings held. The membership of the Port Adelaide branch was 32, Bowden branch 27, Alberton branch 10, Ilindmarah branch 39, Soutbwark branch 'M ; total members 142, with 20 honorary members. She drew atten tion to the necessity of carrying on evangelistic work and the sustaining of cottage prayer meetings. It was important that tbese two branches of the work of the W.G.T.U. should be kept in prominence as means towards strengthening the respective branches of the union. They might also admit more honorary male members, aa this would result in the strengthening of their work, as the gentlemen would not only show sympathy, but could I otherwise assist them. Mrs. Hone (superintendent of flower mis sions) read an interesting paper on the work of her department. A telegram was sent to Miss Ackerman in Sydney, which read as follows:—"West ! Torre us and l'ort Adelaide. Convention now sitting sends greetings and sympathy.' Keports of local unions, Port Adelaide— A reading room had beeu opened and good work was done. Publichouse visitation had been carried ou with success. Members visited shijis and the Casualty Hospital and distri buted gospel temperance literature. Regret was expressed that Mrs. Allen, who had been president} for three years, would shortly leave. Mrs. Allen gave testimony to the good accomplished by Jthe union at Port Adelaide, and tho support given by local .societies of Christian Endeavour. Bowdon —The work was carried on with success, and evangelistic meetings were now held in Coombes's Hall. A free reading-room had baen started at Coombes's Hall, which was open on Saturday evenines to encourage boys who are in the street to spend their time better. The Loyal Temperance Legion had again been started. Steps had been taken with .success to prevent the granting of a wino license in Gibson- street, Bowden. Sonthwark—A branch was started in May, 1592, with seven members, tho membership now was 33. The flower mission was a success, [and bouquets with printed scriptural texts had Ibeen distributed at tho Adelaide goal. Gospel temperance meetings were very successful, and temperance pledges hadbeen taken. The work of the Ministering Children's League was progressing. The president (Mrs. Uamenoe) vacated tho chair when tin. Nicholls (colonial president) took her place, and the election of olb'oere for the year was proceeded with with the following results:—Diatriot president, Mrs. Hainence; recording secretary. Airs. James Shearing; district treasurer, Mrs. Zyderveldt; vice presidents, Mesdames Hone and Milne. Super intendents of departments—Flower mission, Mrs. Hone; Suuday school work, Mrs. A. A. Milne; mothers' meetings, Mrs. Ottway; evangelistic, Mrs. Donald; coffee and reading rooms, Mrs. Zyderfeldt. Mrs. llamence expressed her thanks at boing re-elected president, and took the chair. Mrs. Zyukufeldt read a paper on "Free roadiiTg- rooairt," which she said if wisely managed would act aa a charm to keep the boys from the insidious pleasures of dauoing rooms and pabliohouses. She advocated taking up this branch, and remarked that spasmodic efforts in the work of temperance were not sufficient, but they should persevere. Mrs. Allen referred to the difficulties in the way of farming free reading-rooms. She hoped to see the time arrive when instead of j having large public-houses at street) corners there would be temperance buildings in whish the young could congregate. She was strongly in favor of taking measures to get hold of e&o; Ktreet boye, and would like to ccc a social work in this respect. Mrs. A. A. Milne said they at Bowden ex perienced a difficulty with rough lads only on one occasion. They had got hold of the boys, and fouud that they were manageable, and took a groat interest in the meetings. Mrs Melvjx spoke on " The tram and cab," and Raid there were 150 trame and 400 cabs— night and day—on the move in Adelaide. She as buperintendent of tho tram and cab de partment, started with nothing, but in two days after commencing had received £IC His. It co&t; £5 a year for literature, which was distributed amongst the tram and cabmon. Vgt two years her department! bad given socials to the men, bat it bad been thought that mure good could be done by assisting them in other ways in preference to socials, which had cost £11 lie. each. This money was now distributed to the needy families of the tram and cabmen, and this had been found to bo a more useful means of affording relief and attracting these men in more excellent ways. Miss Nicholson gavn a paper on "The curses of another land," in which was stated that in an organisation that Bets itself to effect; a desired reform there must be three con stituents to ensure perfect Buceess—intensity of purpose, the heart requisites; variety of method and comprehensiveness of aim, tho brain requisites. The W.C.T.U. had never lacked the first element oE success. The great throb of intensity which gave to the union birth was felt in the life of the organisation, and was still its vital element, and co soon as it died out co would the union die. The union had iioS failed through lack of methods. It recognised that united minds were no less strong in their sphere than united hearts, and led by a presi dent of so broad and intelligent a mind as Frances Millard there was little wonder if its members should learn of her to eschew poor means and narrow ways. Although tbere was room for growth in this direction they should remember that each new member ought to mean an added command of methods to the union. The union had adapted the principle to guard a city guard every Rate. With regard to the third element of success, it would be admitted by all leaders of the movement that the aim of the W.C.T.U. was much more broadly comprehensive than &t; first) appeared. Its name of "Christian temperance" was in opposition to all things un-Ghrietlike and in temperate. When alcohol was relegated to the poison shelf of the pharmacist there would be joy in tho temperance camp. When that was the case they should not rhink the work of the union was completed. Their motto was, "For God and humanity;,' and then they bad to consider the cry from a heathen land— " Free ns from the chains a Christian people has bound us with; deliver ns from the curse of opium." The cry from China mia.-innaries was, " How can we preach Jesus to £ those iieople who cry 'foreign devils who brought to us the opium; we want not your opium, wo want uoc your Jesus f She then dealt with the beginning of the opium trade by the Eist India Company in 1773, and traced its course, the action of the British (Jovernment, and the present position of Chinese as affected by the opium trade. She mentioned that the Emperor of China yielded to force and signed a treaty legalising that which bas bines proved ajrreatarcurse to China than is alcohol to us. She quoted from Miss Reed's little work on China respecting the opinion of the literati and elders of Canton— " If we are told to let things go on as they are going then there 13 no remedy nor salvation for China. " India was also falling Purely under the influence of opium. In conclusion Miss Nicholson said —"Can we expect, do we deserve, to be freed from our own curse of alcohol, while we have a, deaf ear to the en treaties of our Chinese and our Indian brothers? Perhaps it is too late for us to utterly expel tha opium from China now. for she has learned to grow it for herself; but at luta we can ceasato send her yearly the quanti ties, of opium contained in SO.OOO chests. We can prevent its growth in India. We have the cry of the opium EuGferers of China and India. What olaim have they on this union ? The claim of one common God whose great living heart cares none the less strongly for the Chinaman than for the Englishman, the claim of a common humanity in regard to which come the inspired words, 'We ought .•.lap to lay down our lives for the brethren.' Is it to be less willingly for our Chinese than our English brothersT" Mrs. Nii-HOLLs said the W.C.T.U. could cot <5o much, and some would say, "What has the opium t:uic to do with South Australia?'1 but she would say that they were cosmopolitan and had eirters in China who wore the white ribbon. People of English blood were also suffering from taking opium, and as a nation the English race would suffer from the iniquitous opium traffic. "Mies George read a paper on "The Loyal Temperance Legion," in which she showed the best means of encouraging children to grow up in temperance principles. Out of every 100 re formed drunkards it was said that 00 per cent, returned to tbeir former habits, but out of every 100 boys who signed tne pledge 'M remained tree to their pledge The founda tion of truth was that the body was the temple of the Holy Ghost, and consequently it should be kept pure. Alcohol and nicotine were injurious. Every nmon should have a training ground from which to draw recruits, acd they should prepare the members of the Loyal Christian Temperance Legions to resist the temptation of strong drink. The objec tions that the Loyal Temperance Legion would come in contact with the bands of hope were cot valid. The young could grow np to be temperance men and women, and by this achievement the time would come when there would be no occasion to say to the Government of the country, "Please give us a law tor Sunday-closing,*' for no one would purchase drink, and intemperance wonld cease of itself. If they were to be successful in their work they must have discipline, and the laws of the legion provided this. The following resolutions, were carried unanimously:— Tout Ibis convention calls npsn all th" Iec&l; unions in thia district to use every legitimate effort to secure the return of candidates Co Parliament who will be on the tide of ricliteouanese ; ateo tbat tbey will E«e Uiat the question of woman's Euilrace is made a test ques tion to each candidate. That tnis comention cspres-es its sympathy with the local unions in this district which have lost mem bers l>y death dorint the ye*r. That it be a reoommet dation of this convention that eitca 10.-nl union holds ooe public meeting durinc the year to whtcn ttie district officers be invited, and a collection taken for the work of Uie diainct. That this convention leirns with deep regret that it is the custom in scree pieces to bold municipal elections in public-houses. Mid it hereby resolves to use every meane tn its power to tM\e the practice discontinued. Th?t.avery cordial vote o( thanks b: (riven—lst, to the trustees of the Brompton Wetleyan Church for the use of tbis ecnoolrooni and all x&iucs; necessary for comfortable lunch and tea; 2nd, to the sisters who have collected gilts for th« lunch and tea and euperin tended the arrangeiuents for serving them in Mich a dainty and attractive manner ; 3rd, to onr visitors from other districts for their kindly sympathy and greetings; 4th, to the tninUters of, the diauict tor announcing our meetioce durinc; the pa&t; year; sth, to the press for their kind and lull reports of our meetings. A public meeting was held in the lecture hall in the evening, when Mrs. Uamence pre sided over a large attendance. Addresses were given by Mrs. Richolls, Mies George, Messrs. M. Wood Green and J. Pickering. 