NOVEL. loDdswoman. CHAPTER IV—(Continued ) !-Y GERTRUDE ATHERTON- Estenega sauntered t'own the garden endeavoring t-. imagine Chonita fat and ci&B-ified.; He could not. He paused fceeice 3 woman who did notraiss her eyes at once, but ccquettishly pretended to be absorbed in the conversation of those about her. ' She t;G tad been carried a year end more, but her figure had iost its elegRuco, and she was very hstdsome. Her coquetry was psrtiy fear. Estcacga's power was felt slice by innocent girls and chaste matrons. There wc-re few scandals in those days ; the women of the aristocracy were virtuous bj instinct and rigid social'laws ; tat, how it would be bard to tell, Estsnega had acquired the reputation of being a cangerons man. Perhaps it had followed hia back from the city of Mexico, whc-re, at one time, he hafe spent three years as dispntado, and whence ha returned with a brilliant and startling record of gallantry. A woman had followed on the next ship, and, unless I am much mistaken, Diego passed many uneasy hours before he persuaded her to return to Aleiico. T.aen old Don Jose Brionos' beautiful young wife was found dead in her bed one morning, £nd the old woman who cressed the body tirore that there were marts of hard skinny fingers on her throat. Estenega had made no secret of his admiration of her: ' At different times girls of the people had left Monterc-y suddesly, and vague rumors had floated down from the North that they had occ-n £ten in the redwood forests where Eitscega's ranchos lay. I at Iced him, pointri'jinlr clack, one on/% day, ^r- if it these stories were true, prepared to ecold him as he deserved • and he remained coolly that stories of that sort -=?ers always exaggerated, ss wall as a man's ssccise with women. Bat one had onlv to fcok at thai face, with its expression of ritter-humoroup. knowiidi;°. its ctrtegtn and weakness, to ree: sure that tacre were chapters in his life that no woman outside of them would ever read. I always felt, when with Diego Estenega, that ^ wss ic the presence of a man who had little left to learn of life's phases and sensations. ' The sun will freckle thy white seek,' he tiid ia the matron who would not raiso her • yes. 'Shall I bring thy mantilla, Dona Osrmen P She looked up with a swift blush, than b-.vsi-ecj her sofb black eyes suddenly before ; * ie penetrating gaze of the m»n who was so usercm from the cabslleros. ' I: w act well to be too vain, seaor. We nraet think less ofth'jse things aad more of —of bur Church." ' ' True 5 tk® Church irav te a surer road to heaven than a go&d; complexion, if less of a tfthEman on earth. Still, 1 doubi if a "eskled saint would command admiration.' ' Don Diego ! Dm Diego !' cried a dozen "Sedvoioes. J iego Estenega, if it were any man bnt ii Lu, 1 1 cxcisimed, ' I would hare thee cx- -ocmunicatcd. Thou blasphemer! How 'jcmldst Jhou ?' Diego raised my threatsnine hand to his '5 s - 'Ky dear Eust&quia;, it was merely a -••ay of saying thai women chaald be wishous tiamish. ' Ob,' I exclaimed, impatiently, ' thou • snst plant an idea in people's miads, then plcck it out before their very eyes and-make :hem believe it never was there. Th3t is ^y power,—but not over me. I know thee* we ware standing apart, and I had droDpsd my voice. 'But come and talk to me awhile. i caunot stand those babie?,' and I iadioated vtlh a sweep of my .fan the graceful ri^'"- creised cafcalleros whose soft drooping and eenfuons months were more promising i f compliments than conversation. 'Neither -'J.v:irado nor Csstro is here. Thon too woui ist bavo gens ia s saomeat iad I cot •::p*.ured thes.' ^ • On the contrary I shculd have captured If we were not too old friendn for riling, I would say that your hancsome- •-.;ly faoe is the most attractive in the f: idea. It is a pretty picture, though,' he vrrst cn, meditatively,—'those women in :a;ir gay soft gowns, coquetting demurely '•.r.ii the oaballaroB. Their eyes and months like flowers ; and their skins are bo t«, and their hair so The high '•ail, covered with green and Castilian roses, j-as purposely deigned by Nature for them. ' f ; ; * mes ^ a passing regret that it is i-.I doomed, and a half-century hence will Lj.vo passed out of memory. 1 'What dost thou mean?' I asked, E'^-pIy. ' Oh, we will not dkenss the question of f- f future. I sent Castro away from the ; .hie in a towering rage,' «nd it is too hot to 'icsse you. Even the impassive Bonds- •sotosn fcesame so angry that she could nut t-'. her dinner.' 'It is your old wish for American oooupa- Ucu—the bandoleros ! No; I will not discuhi it .with you : I have gone to bed wilh head bursting whea we have talked of it sifcre. You might have spared poor Jose. 1st us talk of something else,—Chonita. i> hat do you think of her ?' .' thousand things more than one usually itaks of a woman after the first interview.' ' Eat do yon think her beautiful ?' 'She is better than beautiful. She is o^ginal.' ^'I often wonder if she would be LB j' orita of the South if it were not for her •oner's great wealth and position. The atii who profess to be her aaves must have absorbed the knowledge that she has the Mains they have not, although she conceals h superiority from them admirably : her pride and love of pow6r demand that she s M!i be La Favorita, although her caballeros csbt weary her. If she made them feel' insignificant for a moment they -would fly to the standard of her rival, Valencia Menendez, and her regalities would be gone forever. A few men have gone honestly wild over her, bnt I doubt if any one has ever really loved her. Suoh women receive a surfeit of admiration, bnt little love. If ehe were an unintellectual woman she would have an extraordinary power over men, with her beauty and her subtle charm ; bnt now she is isolated. What a pity that your houses are at war!' He had been looking away from me. As I finished speaking he turned his face slowly toward me, first the profile, ffhich looked as if cat rapidly with a sharp knife ont of ivory, then the foil face, with its eyes set so deeply under the scraggy brows, its month grimly humorous. He looked somewhat sardonio and decidedly selfish. Well I knew what that expression meant. He had the kindest heart* I had ever known, bnt it never interfered with a most self-indulgent nature. I had often begged him to have consideration for some girl who I knew charmed him for the moment only ; hut one secret of his success with women was hia unfeigned if brief enthusiasm. • list her alone !' I exclaimed. 'You cannot merry her. She would go into a convent before 6he would sacrifise the traditions ot her house. And it you were not at war, and she married yen, you would only make her miserably happy.' He merely smiled and continued, to look me straight in the eyes. CHAPTER V. i-wont-up-staira and found Chonita reading Lander's ' Imaginary Conversations.' . (When Chonita was eighteen.—jhe was now twenty-two,—Don Alfredo Robinson, one o? the American residents, had at her father's request sent to Boston for a library of eever&lhnndrcd; books, a birthday gift for the ambitions daughter of the Iturbi y Moncr.das. The selection was an admirable one, and a ranoho wcuid not have pleased her as well. She read English and French with care, although the spoke both languages brckenly.) As I entered she laH down the book and els sped her hands behind her head. She loosed ixarquil, bub less amiable than was hor wont. 4 Thou hast been far away from the caballeros and the denas of Monterey,' I said. ' Not even among Spanish ghosts.' 'Ithinkthoucarestat heart for nothing but ihy books.' ' Atd a few people, and my religion.' 'But they come second, although thou wilt not acknowledge it even to thyEelf. Suppose thou haest to sacrifise thy religion or thy books, never to read another ? Which wouldat thou choose ?' : God of my siul -! what a question ! No Spanish woman. w«s ever a truer Catholic ; but to read is my happiness, the only hap - pinesc I want on earth.' ' Art thou sure that training the intellect means happiness ?' ' Jure. Does it not give u3 the power to abstract ourselves from life when we are tired of it ?' ' Truo, bu^ there is another result thou ha9t not thought of. The more the intellect is developed, the more aoute and aggressive U the nervous system ; the more tenacious is the memory, the more has one to live with, and the higher the ideals. When the time comes for thee to lovo thou wilt sutler with double the intensity and depth of the woman whose Derves are dull or stunted.' ' To suffer you must love, and I never shall love. Who ia there to love ? Books always suffice me, and I suppose there are enough is the world to make the tima pass as long as I live.* I Aid not continue the argument, knowing the placid superiority of inexperienae. 1 But ihou hast not yet told me whioh thou wouldst give up.' ' The books, of course. I hope I know my •„;„„- duty. I would saorifise all things to my n <. , , -—•=- --—' re U i? I0E - the people do not interfere ^L® 6 "®^011 -' , I was ™ very religious in those days, and my heart beat with approval. «I have always said thai the Church may let women reid what they choose. The artnH prinnlnU. Our are corn witb Miey wiU adhere to.' ' We are by natnre conservatives, that is And wo have the need of religion We must have something to lean on, and men are poor props, as far as I have observed. Sometimes after having -ead a long while in an absorbing book, particularly one teat seemed to put something with a living hand into my brain and make it feel larger, I find that 1 am miles away from friendship • I have forgotten its existence. I always run back.' ' ' Dios! I should think fo. Tes, it is well ws do need cur religion. Men cio not; for that reason thoy drop it ss they would the (hr-k blanket of an Indian the moment the wings cu their minds grow fast. I do not dare ask Diego Estenega what he believes, lest ha tell me he believes nothing and I should have to hear it. How doit thon like my friend, Chonita f' 'Art ihou asking me how I like the enemy of my house ? I hate him.' 'If he goes to Santa Barbara with Alvarado tats summer wilt thou isk him to bo thy guest i' 'Of course. The enmity has always been yeslea with muca courtesy; and I would hEiVo him see that we know how to entertain. _ I watched her covertly ; I could detect no sign of interest. Presently she took up the volume of Landor and read aloud to me, the stately English sounding oddly with her Spanish accent. CHAPTER VI. At ten o'clock the large gala of the governor's house was thronged with guests, and the music of the flute, harp,; and guitar .floated through the open windows: the musicians sat on the corridor. Haw harmonious was the Monterey ball-room of tbat ? the women in their white gowns of every rich material, the men in white trouBsrs, black silk jackets, and low morocco thoes. no color ezcopt in the jewels and the rich Southern faces. The bars ngly sala, from which the uglier 'Her fnrnifn*^ furniture had he^ been removed, needed no oraamanta with that moving beauty ; and even the coSee-ooIored, high-stomached old people were picturesque I wander through those deserted salas sometimes, and, as ths tears blister my eyes imagination and memory people the oold rooms, and I forget that the dashing eaballeros and lovely donas who once called Monterey their own and made it s living picture-book are dust beneath the wild oats and thistles of the deserted cemetery on the hill-. Ths Americans haralv know that such a people once existed. Chonita entered the sals at eleven o'clock, looking like & snow queen. Her gold ha5r, which always glittered like metal, was arranged to stimulate a crown; she wore a gown of Spanish lace, and no jewels but the string of black pearls. I never had seen her look so cold and so regal. Estenega stepped out upon the corridor. ' Piay El Son, he said, peremptorily. Then as the lively music began he walked over to Chonita ana clapped his hands in front of her as authoritatively as he had bidden the musicians. What he did was of frequent occurrence its the Oaliforcian ball-room bat she looked coldly rebellious. He continued to strike his hands together, and looked down upon her with an amused smila which brought the angry color to her face. Her hesitation excited the eagerness of the other men, end they cried loudly, - ' El Son ! El bon ! eenorita.' She could no longer refuse, and, passing Estenega with head haughtily erect, "she bent it slightly to the oabaUeros ana passed to the middle of the room, the other guests retreating to the wall. Then, dropping her gown, she spun the length of the room like a white cloud caught in s cyclone. , (ig BE cpmnTOED.) 