Bubbles (BY BUBBLY BILL.) The earth hath bubbles u the water hath and we are of them.-SnAKBsrJtARB. Well, my boy, did you go to bear Alder man Reid speak on Saturday night ? Yes I was there for a little while. What do you think of him ? Well. I reckon he's got the cacnthes bjmndi very bad. The whatas ? Well he's troubled with the idea that he's an orator and he wants all the world and his wife to know it. Do you think he's an orator ? No, I think he's an intelligent young man of some ability wasting his chances. Oh come now that's rather rough ! No it's not. I listened to that speech very attentively on Saturday night. There was nothing now in it, nothing original, and certainly the manner of its delivery was by no means captivating. Well I'm sure everybody could hear him. Somebody told me he was audible up at Lomongrove. Now drop joking. You must allow that Reid is a young fellow of good parts. Ho wants to benefit his fellow man and to Get into Parliament so he says ! ? Don't interrupt. He wants to point out to his fellow electors that a dissolution at this stage would be the reverse of advan tageous. Well the vote showed that everybody agreed with him. " Nonsense J That vote was of no more use in showing what the people of Penrith thought than if the stones on the roadway had got up and shaken their heads. You can get a public meeting to prove anything if you work it the right way. What's that got to do with Reid personally ? Well Raid personally doesn't carry any ballast. He bobs about like a light- laden vessel from one subject to another. He doesn't read up his subjects. He doesn't got at the root of things. - He is not a logician. His knowledge is of a superficial kind-most snapped up spasmodically from the newspapers. He couldn't succinctly define " Freetrade " and " Protection " if asked. A couple of years hard reading would do him service, but he'll never be worth his salt as a politician or as an ordinary public man if ho doesn't take care of himself. There are two many " husk" politicians extant already. It's about time some of the " kernel" variety put in an appearance. Why you're making quite a speech your self. Our " boy orator " is young yet, give him a show and time will tell. Ye3 time will tell one way or the other. I want it to tell the right way. Young Australia will have to govern itself by and bye, but it can never do so if it continuously expounds dry, dreary and torn-to-shred arguments from hotel balconies, It will have to read for itself, think for itself, speak for itself, and aot for itself. I will have to tell " Alf," all you have said. I see they have discovered- bullet proof clothing. The same old story f What do you mean ?' Well there's nothing Btrango in that, it was discovered and proved a failure years ago. I don't remember that. Well a joker ^waited upon Wellington one day and told him he had Btruck a thread that would resist bullets. The old chap asked him in, put him through a pre liminary interrogation, and then remarked he would like to see the clobber on-or something like that. Did he put it on ? Now don't be in a hurry! Yes he put the toggery on and appeared before Wellington. It was a good fit and he looked really hand some. After criticising the garment for some little time the old general ordered the invontor to take up a position at the other end of the room, and then raising his voice called out to an officer to order a sentry to come in. Wasn't t'other chaji a bit nervous ? Wait till I have finished and then you'll know. Wellington then busied himself in giving the man instructions when,- where, and how to fire. I think I'd havo got tired of waiting. How aggravating you are. The sentry took it all iu without a word and then turned round to take a view of the advent urous patentee, ' But he looked in vain, the strain was too muoh for the poor fellow, he had fled, armour and all. Wellington used to toll that story well in barracks after three whiskies. " In barracks." Ha! ha! ha! what are you giving ua ? . You're not a cableman ! Gladstone is being " shadowod" by detectives. What's he been doing ? Oh he's not. being looked after as you or I would, it's the other way about. " Shadowed" in his case means shadowed for Protection. But he's not a Protectionist. Oh dash it you're trying to be funny. No he's not a Protectionist but ho's got to be protected all the same, ' Who ? ' . Woll ifc is antioipatod thai if an anti Home .Ruler puts a bullet in his brain Gladstone will die. , Well he'll die in any. case, detectives or no detectives, if he gets shot in the right place! Oh well you see, the deteotives will be on the^spofc to identify the assassin if it comes off. A nioe state of things in Christian civil ized England. My boy remember the Kiama ghost! : Lady Hopetoun has been putting on tho bulls-eyes. What's that ? Well, we hear from Zealand that she put on seven bull's eyes at a hundred yards. I say sonny don't you think we had bettor give tho women the frau-.ujo } Ya-ya-ya-yo-s-s-s ! One hundred and sovonty sexagenarians are to be turned adrift from the Melbourne Government offices. .Well some of them will have feathered their nests. Yea, some of them, but the other (poor devils will likely die of starvation and genteel poverty. Well when a man reaches sixty its about time he knocked off work. Yes, but this may be a case of leaving off work- to carry the hod, Well its the way of the world sonny, one man is pushed aside, another takes his place among the elbowing jostling crowd of of candidates, and the deposed one is left to bubble or disappear in the eddy at the wake. The loyalist gun clubs in Ulster are being regularly drilled. . What's that for ? To fight against Home Bule of course. But u Home Rule for Ireland is declared as the right thing for Ireland how can loyalist loyally interfere ? Well, they don't think Home Bule will be a good thing. .. But No. 4 lead wont prevent it now. They should have shot the thing out through the ballot box, Well, there's sure to be a little blood spilt anyway. Besides loyalists' want" bleeding every now and again. Too much loyal blood is just as bad as a surfeit of any. thing else-it must find a means of escape. .. There's one consolation, a few hundred killed in this holy crusade will do more harm than good in the weeding out prin ciple. Yes, thore's somethibg in that. 