CHAPTER XU,-(Continued.) To me music is nothing without the associations, it conveys- These Irish , "» songs were"a part of my love for Kath "leenVi their wild pathos seemed the cry-of my dear love's heart, the ex \- ' pression of her sorrow and yearning. . Never again should I be able to hear them without the whole scene starting to ? my memory : the smoky little study; the shabby surroundings, and the clear sweet voice filling the con fined space and ringing out plaintively in the listening silence. She stopped, and for aninstant neither of ns spoke ; the echoes of the music still breathed in my 'ears. Then, in tie perfect tranquility and hush of the ' night there rose an awful sound, like a cry of distress, yet scarcely human. It came again, strange, unearthly, horrible. . " My father 1" cried Kathleen, dart- ing through the swing-door ; " my father 1 What can have happned V I followed her closely as she flew down the passage, up the wooden stairs into a wing I had never penetrated before. "We stopped in our breathless career .. when we reached the door. "Let me go in," I said, for I heard hoarse groans and muffled shrieks within. "Uo, no; I must go myself." She pushed me aside and entered boldly. I heard her give a low scream, and i fearing I knew not what, I forced my way in behind her. There on his bed, crumpled together like some caged wild beast, writhed -% Myles, uttering fierce cries and gibber , ing ..with fear. With outstretched finger ne pointed to the corner et, the . room. -^There," he said,? with a shrill scream, one of those very screams that had curdled our blood; "there they come, an army of them? see, they are ? _here-crawling, running over me here,-every where ? Tney are come to eat my heart out. Oh, save me ? save me 1 Kill them 1 kill them 1" He seized his stick and began violently to belabor the bedclothes. I saw at once what had happened: the liquid poison he had been imbibing for so long had done its work at last. Myles was a raving maniac from drink. " This ia no place for yon, Kathleen," I said, taking her arm as she stood j petrified by fear in the middle of the \- room. " Go, leave me to manage him; and Bend Biddy here." "He will kill yon," she said, look- ing at the figure on the bed with genuine horror. "He will kill you. No, I cannot leave you." "He will not kül me," I answered ; "I ant stronger than he is. I know what to do. I can give him some harmless remedies until the doctoi arrives, who must be sent for without _ delay; and meanwhile let me have Biddy. I cannot let you stay here." "He wai want me," she said pite- ously ; " and what will he think when be sees I am not by bis bedside-when hé is so ai 1 He wiU not die, wai he T she whispered piteously, clasping mj arm tightly with the grip of ber firm little hand. " There is no danger, ü there f :??». ? No, no;'he w31 probahly-be him \- self tib-morrow. Now go; remember, you have tobend for the doctor." A duty to perform was sufficient . stimulus for Kathleen. With a shuddei and another-awed look towards the bed, she departed; -And now began anight of horrot such as I hope never to pass again. 1 wai not dwell on the abject fears oi the wretched man, or his hallucinations, lus eries arid entreaties to be delivered from the terrors that, to bis excited fancy, encompassed him; on the violence which occasionally needed al] my strength to restrain and allay. ] will nob dwell on'the long, long v hours of the tedious night, which . seemed to drag their weary length along nñta my ears were sore with the shrieks and yells of the raving man, or on the loathing that possessed me, and the tiresome iteration of un- reasoning lamentations and baseless fears. That night we ran the ascend ing gamut of fear, anger, remorse, and ; abject cowardice, in ever-increasing misery and despair, and I know not .which was the more exhausted wheo the welome morning came at last. The howls and imprecations gradually ceased : the patient relapsed into quiet from sheer weakness, and the first faint rays of daylight filtered through the cracked shutters and spread themselves softly, around. About 8 o'clock the doctor arrived, and silently examined the patient. "Areyou any relation?" he asked me, when he had finished his examina- tion. "None j I am oly a friend on a visit here," I answered. "A pleasant termination to your visita I should think," he said, pointing to Myles'recumbent form ; 'you must have had a bad night of it." " He was very violent," I said. .". Yes; and it's not the end yet." "You don't anticipate any danger, I suppose f I asked, a trace of anxiety in, my tone, for should Myles die now, the secret of Barravoe would die with him. "Well, there's always danger in these kind of things. His constitution is completely undermined with drink. I only hope you are not going to leave him; aman is better than a woman in these cases ; you want strength and determination to cope with them." "I will stay here at present," I said quietly., "Very well, I will call again to- morrow; he'll be quiet enough for a little now." The doctor cheerily took his leave. Myles being only one in his varied list of cases, and a man dying of drink being common enough in his experience, he had no time to bestow further thought on him ; but I-there was I, con- demned by my own ace to nurse this miserable creature, with such results as I could not pos- sibly forsee. The police might swoop down at any time on Tim and take him, and the law run its course, and I shall be powerless to prevent it; while that old man lay there drivelling . and gibbering- from the deadly effects of whisky- I rose and, opened the shutters, ancl palled back the bit of old red curtain shat shaded the vindow. Myles did not stir ; he lay in a kind of stupor from weakness and the effect of drags. His long lean hands, with the claw-like nails, were stretched on the faded coverlet. His lips still quivered and moved, though no sound came from them. His matted grey hair hung over his bloodless face, and threw a chequered shadow' upon his glassy eyes. He was dreadful to look at theo, the victim of intemperance and evil passions ; and it was his daughter that I loved. I let the curtain fall, and seated myself again beside the bed. The room was grimy with dirt; a battered,old cupboard stood in one corner, a couple of broken chairs in another; the discolored paper, moist with from mildew and damp, huog rotting on the wall ; oldclothes,piled up on old books, old guns thrown aside, whips, sticks, and odds and ends, the accumu- lation of years of neglect and decay, blocked up the scanty space and pre- sented a heterogenous and untidy mass. And this was the place he preferred to a palace in America ! Could human perversity go further 7 Presently a gentle knock came to the door. It was Kathleen, subdued and silent, summon- ing me to breakfast. Rapidly deciding tbat it was safe to leava Myles, I followed her, but took care to lock the door of the room, and put the key in my pocket as a precaution. Once out of the sickly atmosphere, and relieved from the nauseous presence of the drunkard, I breathed more freely. The sun was shining gloriously : thé lake sparkled with a thousand gems upon the dancing wavelets ; the. yellow larches shone like burnished gold against the dark background of green firs ; the scanty leaves yet remaining on die oaks quivered with dewdrops ; and the air, after my night's watching, seemed impregnated with aromatic scents. Kathleen, standing beside me, sighed. The sigh recalled me tc myself. "Beautiful, isn't itT I said "Beautful exceedingly, and yet wc spoilt it all" She sighed again most deeply, anti beckoned me in to breakfast. Th< day passed in snatches of bliss sharec with Kathleen, and hours of gloon and depression endured beside th< sick-bed. I tried to keep up Kath leen's spirit, but my own foreboding! were of the gloomiest. She reportée that Tim was quite well, and elated ai the prospect of accompanying me t< America, and of wearing the new sail of clothes. Of course his father': illness was carefully concealed fron him. He only knew that I was no yet ready to start, and kept urging Kathleen to allow of no further delay It certainly seemed as if he were mon harmless than I had supposed, and tha the spring at my throat was intend« only in self- defence, under the iufluenci of overwhelmning fear, and impellet by the natural brute instinct of sell preservation. And thus again tb night approached, and Kathleen and ! separately withdrew to our sell appointed duties. It was a strang household brought together by th most improbable of circumstances, ant bound by one common interest. I di not know what may have been Katti leen's meditations, but as I sat in tha lonely room, with the sounds c crumbling plaster or gnawing rat alone breaking the silence, it seemei to me as if my life had narrowe itself into the compass of those fou walls, and reduced me to one listening anxious brooding self. How to find ont the truth of Mylei story of the murder was tha one thin now that absorbed me. I rose rest lessly and walked about the roon fancying that perhaps I might stumbl unwittingly upon some clue that woul guide me in my search. Myles wa apparently dozing. I do not think h had ever been entirely conscious of m presence, though in his deliriou fancies he had repeatedly clutched m arm, causing me considerable suffei ing, and leaving black and bia marks wbere the prints of his sinew fingers and sharp nails had rested, was quietly examining one of the gun ¡ -the lock of which attracted m I attention by some peculiarity of coi struction-when a sound from the be startled me. I looked up quickh Myles was seated, and watchiog m with terror depicted on his ghastl countenance. " Ha ! not that," he gasped ; "don't touch it ; there's blood upon it 1" Believing him to be wondering, and fearing a fresh access of the violent delirium, I laid down the gun and returned to his side. He shrank away from me with supreme aversion and dislike. " He cannot be out of his mind," I thought; "he remembers what I said to him yesterday in the study, and resents it still." "Mr. Donovan," 1 said quietly, "do you feel better?' "Don't come near me-don't touch me ! " he cried fiercely, rolling the bed- clothes round him into a kind of ball, and drawing up his legs till he resembled a wild animal in his lair. " There's blood on your hands ; go away ?-go away at once, I say ! " The delirium had returned, then. He did not recognise me. "Will you drink something?" I asked, handing him the soothing draught the doctor had ordered. By a sudden movement he dashed the glass I offered out of my hand, and shivered it in fragments on the ground. "It's poison!" he yelled. "You want to poison me! I won't be poisoned ! Ah, there it is again '. stop those eyes ; don't let them look at me so ! I didn't mean it !-I didn't mean to harm you, Bill ; it was your own fault." His gaze grew vacant; he wai evidently unconscious of my presence Who could tell what valu ibl ? scrap! of truth he might not let fa I in hi¡ delirium Î I listened breathlessly. "Yes, Bill," he continued mon quietly; Kit was your fault. Yoi jeered at me; you took away all J cared for; you killed her. 'Twas mon than mortal man could stand ; an< now you're dead. Lord ! no on would think a man had so much life ii him. You devil !-you-you're strang ling me !" He groaned 'horribly; then h stopped, panting for breath. Wh was this Billi Was it som» other morder he referred to? " Tim, you poor blabbering fool," he began again directly, " Why don't yon do as I tell you 1 Hit him !-hit hid), down with him into hell's dust ! That's better-that's better ! he won't speak now. Ha! what's that V And once again the unearthly shriek rang eut, raising the echoes in the empty ghost-like house, but bringing I no one at its sound. They knew what it was now. I alone must sit there and hear it. Gradually from the dis- jointed maunderings, and self-reproach, and exclamations of the unfortunate man, I was able to piece together some kind ef story. I knew now for certain that he had committed the murder ; that it had been unpremedi- tated, and that Tim, if he had assisted, had at any rate been only a secondary participator in the bloody seene. Here was a fresh complication. There was not much use in protecting Tim from the consequences of his act, if his father were to be tried and convicted of the same offence ; and even if I held my piece, sooner or later the truth wai almost certain to leak out. What was to be done? How could I extract from him a full confession 1 Then I remembered that he was a Catholic, and I resolved to try what effect the influence of religion and the terrors of spiritual punishment could have upon him. It was just a chance, but it was worth venturing ; and at any rate I should learn whether Tim were realty as guilty as I believed. My opinion was gradually veering round; I felt almost, confident that Tim was really, if not. quite, innocent ; and in case ol Myles' death it became of the mos) vital importance to prove this, to th« general satisfaction of the police Myles' confession alone could secure st desirable a consummation, and this confession, it was now my settled pur pose to procuee. (To be continued.) 