MUSIC & THE DRAMA DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. [BY ToucHsTONE Herr and Madame bSiebert certainly are deserving of compliment on the marked success of the production of ' Lee Cl ches de Corneville,' by the Young Folk,' Opera Company. under ticir management. For a first night I never remember to have seen in the course of a playing experience extending over twenty years an operatic performance go smoother. The principal characters were in competent hands, more especiallysofar as the Mi:er,Gobo,theBailie, Serpolette, Germaine, and Grenicheaux were concerned.The members of the chorus did their work well and the opera went with a most agreeable swing. The mount ing left nothing to he desired, the scenery of Mr Gladstone Eyre being especially notable. The apartment in the haunted chateau was wierdly imprassive-an old cobwebby looking oak chamber, mailed figures, rusty draperies, and a ghostly looking mconlight streaming in through the windows, was a remarkably effective set. The tableau presented when the tapestries were drawn aside and the ghosts of the depasted lords of Corneville discovered was most striking, the chorus Silent heroes' adding to the weird effect of the whole.The opera bristles with pretty music, picturesque dresses, and effective situations. The costumes ':ere decidedly attraotive,*und there was a general neatness about the dressing which was pleasing to the eye of the spectator. Herr and Madame Siebert must have bestowed unstinted pains on the rehearsals, and certainly deserve to reap a substantial reward for their trouble. The orchestra, under the leadership of Mr A. G. Youngman, lent valuable assistance. The opera will be presented on this and to-morrow evening. Mr William Walker, head of the well known Walker Family of Beliringere, last week forwarded me a copy of the Bridge wates' Mercury, in which were given particulars of some interesting proceedings which took place recently in connection with the affixing of a stone inscription to the front of what is known as Coleridge's cottage at Nether Stowey. In the article special mention is made of the late Mr Thomas Poole, a gentleman whom Mr Walker, who comes from those parts, re member well. Mr Poole was a great enthusiast in everything appertaining to music and art, and was greatly respected wherever his sterling qualities were known. He was a staunch supporter of the Nether Stowey Bald, one of the strongest organisations of its class in the west of England. Mr Walker, who in those days was a youngster, inspired by the example of Air Poole, set dilligently to work to learn music and succeeded in mastering a number of instruments. He used to sing alto in the local choir, and remembers well the encouragement that institution received from Mr Poole. Daring the course of an address at the ceremony referred to above, Mr Ernest Hartley Coleridge,a descendant of the poet,referred to the late Mr Poole in the following terms:-' But not alone to Coleridge is this a dedicated spot. Over this poor thres hold, that f worn plinth of Rilvelias, many have stepped whose shining names still hold the interest and the reverence of Englishmen. A daily guest from the first was Thomas Poole, whose "modest worth," fully recognised in his own place and neighbourhood, won him a name in his own life time, but first met with its due recognition from the pen of his great niece, Mrs Henry Sandford. No one who has read that able and charm ing work, "Thomas Poole and his friends," can have failed to perceive that he has other titles to honour besides a close intimacy with poets and philosophers. It was a happy day for Coleridge when the communication was made between "our orchard and T. Poole's garden," and the friends could pass from the one to the other, and yet the good folk of Stowey be none the wiser. And with Poole, no doubt, sometimes came Thomas Ward, "the young man with the shining face," as Coleridge called him, at that time his clerk and secretary, afterwards his partner in busi ness and co- operator in good works. Stowey owes much to him in many ways, and we who have busied ourselves with Coleridge's letters owe much to him also. His daughters are here -to-day, and their presence helps to link us closer to those "dawn gold n times."' According to the local press Priddy's Electric Marvels have been doing good business at the Theatre Royal, Hobart. TheWoods Dramatic Company commence a season at the Hobart Theatre Royal on October 2 with " Hands Across the Sea." Messrs Brough and Boucicault are still being greeted with crowded houses on Ade laide. The Sosuth Asoslealian Regitef c of the 16th inst. says: -'"'Dandy Dick," after filling the Theatre Royal for the past four nights, was played for the last time yester day evening before another cseoeded houese, sososbes's again Iing unable fo obaicaein adis scow. These present by generous applause and uproarious laughter demon atratefi their approval of the clever noting of this famous combination. For the fifth time during thoir present season the Brough Boucicault Company have staged a play that has not only " caught on/' but one which could have had a very lung run an Adelaide. Beginning with farcical comedy, changing straight to drama full of pathetic incidents, and giving a masterly perfor mance thereof ,nnd then again to extremely farcical comedy, scoring a success artisti cally and financially, and this deep te admittedly doll timcs, Mesere B~rough asnd Bouceiault have been appreciated at their true value in Adelaide. The secret of this success is that here, no matter what may have happenod in the past, our theatre gocra nows fully understand that never before have they seen such a sssembsc qf plays ysodssccd by a betin' companey 0o- besffss montesssi asid siege manassged,* At the Sydney Criterion Mr Walter Bentley played Hamlet for three nights recently. His reading of the character (remarks Ihe Mail) is unchanged from that previously given in Sydney. bet in the cast there were many changes. Mrs Molyneux was the Ophalia, Moss Kate Bishop thse Qacen, Mliss Ruth Wilnmot the Player Queen, each aces in the characters for the first time ito Sydney. M~r C. Fabert and Mr Greenaway, who as the Ghost and Laertes respectively did well, were also new to Sydney. ' The Silver King' was revived on Saturday, this being the seventh production of the play, and as hans been pointed cut by one critic each time with a diff.rent king. Mr Titberadge, Mr Lawrence Cautley, and Mr George Rignold atand sout conspicuously as the Icings; Miss Henrietta Watson, chief of the Nellie Beavers; that of Miss Maggie Moore, taken at half an hour's notice, when Miss Maggie Knight (it is believed) was soddenly taken i'i, was one of the .most meritorious; and Miss Anti3 Mayor's (the original in Australia) also ranked high. Jaikes has also had seven representatives--poor Philip Day, Messrs W. H. Vincen, J.R. Greville, G. W. Anson, and sterling Whyte being amongst the widely different actors ; the palm undoubtedly mist be divided between the first and the last named. Mr Walter Bentley's Silver King is somewhat artificial ; but the play is tco interesting to depend upon one character, and in the vision seer e he fairly roused the audience to enthusiasm. Mrs Molyneux in the eottoge scene was most successful; Miss Ruth Wilmot made the most of her opportunity as Oliver Skinner; Mr Frank Cates was a good ' Spider,' and played in the principal scene with Olive with great vigour and effect. The part ef Elijah Coombcs always recalls poor Ree wood. Mr JT. Stoneham took a different line successfully, and Mr H. A. Badger, hitherto known as an amateur hurdle-racer (New Zealand), trod the boards profes sionally and satisfactorily as the Cabman. 'The Heart of Midlothian' is the Diece selected for the opening of Miss Eloise Juno's farewell season, beginning on Satur day, at the Theatre Royal. The company includes the following well known artists: -Misses Maud Williamson, Aimee Moore, Beatrice Oxford, Julia Merton, Paget, Messrs Richard Stewart, sen. (who returns to the stage), Richard Stewart,jun., Edein Kelly, Robert H Vernon, Haygarth, Robin Ellis, T. Cannam, end others. Miss Nellie FArren, confined to her room at Southport, where she overlooks the new Marine Park and lake, is confident of ulti mate recovery. There will be a revival of romantic and poetic drama in London during the next six months. Mr Augustin Daly will stage Tennyson's 'The Foresters,' with Miss Rehan as Maid Marian. Mr Beerbohm Tree will abandon drawing-room melo drama in favour of a medieval play by the Only Jones. Mr George Alexander will produce an Elizabethan comedy; Sir Augustus Harris talks of reviving , Henry V. ;' and Mr Irving will next year stage Mr Comyna Carr's blank-verse piece founded on an Asthurisn legend. Sir Arthur Sullivan is credited with a very pretty compliment. At Monte Carlo he came across Mr and Mrs Julian Story, the lady being the renowned singer, Miss Eames. She requested the composer to write something is hr autograph album. He scored a few bars of music, and wrote beneath it, ' To one :e - for Song and Story.' The last performance : ut one of the opera ' I Pagliacci' at the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, was witnessed by an audience equal in numbers and en thusiasm to that of the opening night. The repetition of the opera has enabled the public to better appreciate the beau ties of a work of a character quite new to Australia. (signor Giraud was in excellent voice, and the intensity of his portrayal of the fierce emotions of the jealous Cauio secured for him the breathless attention and unstinted applause of the audience. Signorina Del Torre a-d Signor Caruson also deserved and obtained a share of the public favour. The bh autiful and varied ballet brought a splendid perform ance to a pleasing termination. On Monday night Mascagui's great work, ' Cavalleria Rusticana,' was produced. As the company has only been engaged for 15 weeks for the whole Au=tralian tour, the opportunities for hearing it are very limited. 