DEATH OF ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. ' ' 'Aj POPULAR ECCLESIASTIC. The Roman Catholio Ohurch in ' Australia, and more especially that branoh of it whioh is prosecuting its good work in this province, has Buffered a severe loss by the death of the Most Rev. Christopher Augustus Reynolds, Arohbishop of Adelaide, which occurred at the palace, West terrace, at 6.40 o'clock on Monday morning. Although by no means an old man, the Arohbishop bad been bo long suffering from ill health that the sad event was not unexpected; yet the shook to the community, and especially to the adherents of his own charge, is still very great Dr. Reynolds lived a busy and toil eome life, during whioh he never spared him self when the interests of Catholicism or the good of his flock had to be considered. He travelled through the length and breadth of South Australia, for until Port Augusta was elevated into a see under the charge of the eloquent Dr. O'Reilly, the diocese of Adelaide extended from Yorke's Peninsula to Port Darwin, and from the border of West Australia to the eastern division line. Dr. Reynolds had many a story to tell of hardships endured while making what was almost an exploring tour through the then practically unknown settlements along the west coast, during which he penetrated as far as Euola. He had also many interesting reminiscences of pioneer journeys in the far north, and towards tho spot now world-renowned because of the discovery of the Broken Hill mines. It is nearly a quarter of a century eince his Grace became Vioar-General of the diocese in which, by the force of his piety and the evident aptitude he displayed for the task of administra tion, he fcteadily advanced from the position of a bumble parish priest to the responsibility aud dignity which attaches to the wearing of the pallium. His office, owing to his constitution and his consistent conscientiousness, could never be a sinecure. He undertook no work at any period of his career which he did net carry out thoroughly and well. Alert and full of a desire to advance the interests of his church, which he firmly believed to be synonyniOU3 with the extension of God's kingdom on earth, he allowed himEelf no rest, and was loth to see any of those around him idle. The archdiocese of Adelaide under his rule had no place for idlers, and such of his subordinates who were not willing to use their talents and put forth their energies to the fullest extent gradually found tbe place uncomfortable and moved on to countries where there was more ecclesiastical ' rest and quiet.' An ascetic in his habits of living, and a strong advocate of total abstinence from in toxicating liquors and from the use of narco tics, Archbishop Reynolds was a striking evi dence of the fact that those who deny them selves the luxuries, and even the com forts of- this life, are yet able to con tinuously and efficiently €xert themselves in doing their duty in tbat sphere to which God has called them. Love for bis church and for his people was the mainspring of all the Archbishop did, and the heart lendeth a grace unto every art and calling. As good George Herbert writes : — A servant by this cl -ute Makes drudgery divine, Who sweeps a room as for Tby laws Mokes that »t:d the aclion line. Nor were the Archbishop's sympathies con fined within the borders of his own church. That magnificent organisation aspires to embrace tbe whole world in its fold, and his heart went out to all who are desolate and op pressed. Every truly philanthropic movement was sure of his help, and he did not disdain to stand on the platform with ministers of dis senting or nonconformist bodies in order to press the claims of the poor upon tbe charity and the purses of the rich. He was before all things a Catholic priest, but in his reading of the functions of that office there was nothing to prevent him from feeling a deep interest in the progress of the outside world, or to withhold him from assisting in the promotion of what he considered to be good objects when initiated by Protestants. Dr. Reynolds was born in Dublin on July 25, 1834, and his classical studies begun under the Carmelite brothers Clondalkin near that city, which has given so many prelates to the world as almost to de serve the title of 'holy.' Ireland has given Adelaide all its Catholic bishops. The Right Rev. Dr. Francis Murphy hailed from Navan ; his successor Dr. Geoghehan, like Archbishop Reynolds, was a native of Dublin : while Dr. Shell was born in Wexford. It is eingular, too, that all the prelates named have died at comparatively early ages. Dr. Murphy was born in May, 1796, and was consecrated bishop at the age of 48, while he lived until April £6, 185S, dying then at West-terrace. Bisbop Geoghehan was aleo 48 when he was consecrated on September S, 1859 ; while he was 54 when he passed away in Dublin on May 5, 1865. Dr. Sheil, who was born in 1817, wap, by a strange coincidence, also in his 48th year when he was appointed Bishop of Adelaide, and he died at Willunga on March 1, 1873, when barely 56 years of age. Dr. Reynolds, as has been Etated, was born in 1834, but was nearly ten years younger than any of his pre decessors had been on a similar occasion when he was nominated to take charge of the im portant diocese of Adelaide, while he has out lived all except Dr. Murphy. When quite a young man Dr. Reynolds re moved to the Benedictine Monastery of Lublace, in the States of the Church. In Rome he was associated with his Eminence Cardinal Moran, who is nearly three years his senior, and the friend ship then subsisting between them continued until the last, while it was the privilege of the Arohbishop to be invested with the pallium by the associate of his youth. On leaving Rome Dr. Reynolds passed to West Australia, where it was then intended to found a monastery of St. Benedict, bub the project was not earned into effeot, and in 1857 he left Perth for Ade laide, where he was warmly welcomed by Dr. Murphy, first bishop of Adelaide, who sent him to Sevenhills to finish his studies under the Jesuit Fathers. He entered the priest hood in April, 1860, the ceremony of ordination being performed by Bishop Geoghehan. He at onoe came into prominence as an earnest preacher, a loving pastor, and a skilled ruler and guide, and his influence everywhere was highly beneficial. He gained the love of his people, the esteem and confidence of his oolleagues, and the implicit trust of his superiors, so that it was quite a natural thing that in 1870, on the death of the late Father Smj the, Vicar-General, he should have been nominated as one of the four commissioners to whom the government of the diocese was com mitted during the absence of Bishop Shiel, who was then in England. Just before his death, which occurred in March, 1673; shortly after his return from Rome, Bishop Sheil orally nominated Dr. Reynolds as his successor, and the Most Rev. Count John Bede Polding — who ruled the archdiocese of Sydney from September 20, 1835 (he became aroh bishop in April, 1842) till March, 1877, and who during that time had been instrumental in founding the bishoprics of Melbourne, Hobart, Adelaide, Perth, Maitland, Goal bourn, Bathursb, Brisbane, and Armidale — cordially approved of the choice, and, pur suant to letters apostouo received from Pope Pins IX. in July, the same venerable eoote siastic consecrated Dr. Reynolds as Bishop of Adelaide, the ceremony being performed on Sunday, November 6, 1S73, in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral. Three other prelates assisted in the solemn function, among them being the Right Reverend James Murray, who has been Bishop of Maitland since 1865, and the Right Rev. Matthew Qainn, Bishop of Bathurst, who died in January, 1884. It is interesting to know that Archbishop Polding performed the ceremony of consecration in re spect to every one of the four bishops of Ade laide, while Dr. Murphy, the earliest occupant of the see, was absolutory the first prelate con secrated in Australia. He also took possession of his diocese in November, the year being 1844\. Of Dr. Reynolds it was thus written by Mr. William Harcus, a Congregational minister, in 1876: — 'The present bishop, Dr. Reynolds, is a quiet hard - working clergyman, who served his church in the oolony for many years as an industrious, toiling priest. His oo-religionists are proud of the fact that one of their own priests whose self-denying labors were bo well known to them, was selected by his Holiness the Pope for the biehe3t ecclesiastical honors in the colony.' The same writer refers to Bishop Murphy as a man ' who was respected by the whole oolony and beloved by his own people,' while he characterises Bishop Shiel as 'a genial fine-spirited old ecclesiastic' When Dr. Reynolds became Vioar-General a religious census of the colony showed that there were 23,668 adherents of the Roman Catholio Churoh in Adelaide with 34 priests. In reply to an address presented to him in 1679, prior to his departure for Rome, he eaid with modesty mingled with becoming pride — ' Since the 'providence of God .burdened me with the oharge of tbifl vast diooeee I have scarcely had a moment's rest. I have laid the first tone of about 30 new churches and school chapels throughout the diocese. I have confirmed 11,030 personB and have travelled 52,679 miles on visitation alone. I am now undertaking a journey for the welfare of the diocese whioh may doable that mileage ere I return to the oolony. Nothing but a sense of duty and the invitation of the Sovereign Pontiff oould induoe me to tear myself from ? THE LATE ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. my flock, but re3t assured that I shall not delay my return an hour longer than is abso lutely necessary for the interests of religion and education in this diocese.' At the time of tbe Archbishop's death, though in the mean while his see had been divided by the constitu tion of PorfAugusta as a bishopric, there were 47,179 members of the church in South Aus tralia, with 110 churches and 100 other preaching places, giving accommodation for 44,130 persons. The natural outcome of the work of Dr. Reynolds and the formation of churches in all ! the settled parts of tbe colony was to weight ! him with greater responsibilities and to entail i upon him more labor. There was scarpely a I portion of his wide diocese which be did not | personally visit, while there was not a single 1 6pot concerning which he did not make him self theroughly familiar by interested enquiries. If, therefore, his visit to 'the Holy City was in some respects a holiday the relaxation was thoroughly well earned. His Holiness the Pope received Dr. Reynolds with all the kindnees and consideration due to one who had labored so arduously, and with snch success in the cause of the mother church, and his stay in Rome was rendered very pleasant. He renewed bis acquaintance with tho Benedictine College in which he was educated, and assisted in one of tho centenary celebrations of its patron saints. He also made a pilgrimage to his birthplace in Dublin, while during his sojourn in Great Britain he associated himself with the leading ecclesiastics of the church. He kept the pro mise he made to remember the wants of the Adelaide diocese, and when he returned in June, 1881, he had arranged for the introduc tion of 12 priests and 24 Sisters of Mercy into the work here, many of the latter being sub sequently engaged in the work of education. SincehisreturntoSouth AustraliaDr. Reynolds has thrown himself with characteristic vigor into tho duties of his office, and his visitations have been as frequent, his zeal as great, and his success as pronounced a3 in his yoanger days. The building of cinirches, the establish ment of schools, the founding of missions, has gone on uninterruptedly until there is scarcely a centre in the coloTiy which ia without tbe means of religion. Much interest has always been felt by his Grace in the welfare of the aboriginal population. Nearly 40 years ago he went to West Australia to help in the con version of the natives there, and although he did not do all that was desired by him there was no lose of faith or courage. Subsequently he did much to equip missions to central and north Australia, while it was the result of his enthusiasm that the Jesuits are now laboring in the Northern Territory. Adelaide wa3 elevated to the dignity of an arcbiepiscopal see in 1887, and Dr. Reynolds received his appointment) as Archbishop on Aptil 23 of the same year. The investiture took place in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on a Sunday morning, September 11, 1887, and no more imposing religious ceremony has ever been held in the city. Cardinal Moran, who officiated, was accompanied by Dr. Carr, Arohbiahop of Melbourne ; the venerable Dr. Murphy, Archbishop of Hobarb, who was con secrated in 184G ; Dr. Moran, who has been Bishop of Dunedin eince 1856; Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat: Dr. Gibney, Bishop of Perth ; Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wiloannia ; and Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale. The briefs erect ing the archiepiscopal diocese of Adelaide and appointing Dr. Reynolds its first Archbishop were read by Dr. O'Hara. the Cardinal's private secretary, after which the Cardinal placed tbe pallium round the Archbishop's neck. The sermon was preached by the Bishopof Dnnedin, after which the mass was completed. Father Norton being deaoon and Father McEvoy sub-deacon. The musical portion of the ser vice, under the direction of Mr. W. Gordon, was very magnificent. On the next day The Advertiser in alluding to the event wrote : — 'Archbishop Reynolds has risen from the priesthood in this colony to the dignity he now enjoys, and he has gained his distinctions by sheer force of merit. By his own people be has ever been beloved. In his pastoral work he has displayed the unremitting ardor of an enthusiast, and in his relations with his flock he ha3 succeeded in winning their respect, con fidence, and affection. But he has done more. While zealously promoting the interests of the ohurch he represents Archbishop Reynolds has well fulfilled his duty as a citizen. Con siderable influence belongs to the man who ia at the head of so important a section of the community as the members of tho Catholio Church. In the caso of Dr. Reynolds it has been exerted most bene ficially. Consistently with his duty to the. ohurch he has always striven to do his duty to the public. He has taken an enlightened interest in many public movements of a social and philanthropic character, and on no occa sion has he refused to join hands with tho representatives of other churches when useful work was to be done which involved no ques tion of sectarian differences. It ib by pursuing this policy that Archbishop Reynolds has secured the esteem of large numbers of people who are quite outside his own communion. He has been recognised not merely as a dignitary of a powerful ohnreh but as a patriotic South Australian. The occasion of his investiture with'the cloak of an Arohbishop, however interesting as an ecclesiastical oere tnony, is to the general publio still more note worthy as the expression of a high honor paid to one of our leading and most deserving citizens. The presence at the ceremonial of bis Excellency the Governor, the Chief Justice, members of the Government and of both Houses of Parliament, the Mayor of Adelaide, and many other publio men belonging to various denominations, was a remarkable testimony to the esteem in which Archbishop Reynolds is held. The wish expressed by the Bishop of Dunedin that Dr. Reynolds may long live to wear the dignity bestowed upon him will be heartily echoed by South Australians.' Alas! the petition was not granted, for it is not yet five years since the well- earned dignity, was conferred upon the dead prelate for the repose of whose soul thousands of prayers are now mounting like incense to heaven. Just after the promotion of Dr. Reynolds the see of Port Augnsto was placed in the capable hands of Dr. John O'Reilly, its first bishop, and thu arrangement relieved Dr. Reynolds of the oversight of a large amount of territory and a great burden of responsibility. Still the partial rest came too late tohaveeffectin recuperating his frame, shattered by persistent work and debilitated by his ascetic mode of life. Nor did the surety that his frame was not adamant induce the Archbishop to consider himself and refrain from over taxing his strength. A year ago it appeared as if he would collapse altogether, but a sea voyage to and from Mahe in one of the Messageries steamers served to bring back some of the old fire and energy. The recovery was but transient, however, and for many months now hia Grace has been prostrated, while he has been slowly dying for days. He caught a chill before the Easter holidays, while visiting Monnt Barker — in the Churoh of St. Frances de Sales, at which place he had erected a me morial to his mother — and his condition became eo critical that he was anointed before leaving that pretty town. He was care fully and reverently removed to his residence at West-terrace, and there Dr. OConnell has been assiduously in attendance ever since, while loving attention has also been bestowed by skilled nursee. The power of will and the devotion to duty, which made Dr. Reynolds what he was, manifested themselves on the day before Good Friday, when in spite of great physical weakness he insisted upon performing a trying and lengthy function of the church, because no one below tbe office of a bishop oould carry it out. He has passed away young in years but old in experience, and the love of the people for whom he lived and labored bean him up, as on white wings, to the Throne of God. As a pulpit orator the Arohbishop stood in tbe front rank in Australia. Some years ago, when his health was good, he used to preach charming sermons, and his discourses mani fested a wide research and a power of thinking which at once established him as a profound theologian. He 'had a splendid voice, whioh used to resound throughout the cathedral, where every word was heard with perfect distinctness. His every gesture was ex pressive, and his declamatory powers were of a high order. A great com pliment to his abilities as a preaoher was paid when he represented South Australia at the plenary council in Sydney a few years ago. From all the bishops and archbishops who assembled in the city of the beautiful harbor on that auapicicus occasion, Dr. Rsy nolds was choeen by Cardinal Moran to preach in Sc. Mary's Cathedral. The effort was a magnificent one, and the sermon was after wards published and widely distributed. As an impromptu speaker his Grace had few equals. He was always ready when called upon. He was always eloquent and happy in his remarks, although his utterances may have lacked at times ihe wit characteristicof the;Irish man. His Grace was too logical and too much in earnest to indulge in idle humor, and his language was always grand and full of power. He wa3 equally facile whether at a moment's notice proposing the health of the bride and bridegroom at a wedding breakfast, wishing success to a young man celebrating arriving at the age of maturity, or speaking at a gathering of philanthropic citizens or any other public function. His Grace was a charming conversa tionalist, and when be was free from pain he would delight his friends in recount ing stories of his student days with Dr. Byrne, or treating them to his inexhaustible stock of anecdotes cohcarning the humors of his fellow-countrymen, or the many kinds and conditions of men with whom he had come in contact during bis busy life. He could talk in a fascinating manner too of his early travels in the less frequented portions of the oolony. His Grace was not without his eccentricities, and many good annecdotes are told of his peculiarities. He always had a deoided aver sion to people coughing while he was preaching in the cathedral or elsewhere, while the idea of ladies fanning themselves on hot days when be was delivering hia sermons was repugnant to his notions of church etiquette. Old women with chronic coughs he would reprove gently but firmly, and even in the midst of a flight of eloquence he would cease suddenly to administer a rebuke to some lady whe was distracting him by waving her fan. His Grace, though an admirer of the beautiful fancy work executed by the girls attending the various schools conducted by the Sisters of So. Joseph, the Sisters of Mercy, and the Dominican Convent, yet frequently com mented on the abaenoe of a well darned stock ing. He was an experb himself in this useful and economical work, and in order to en courage the teaching of darning in schools he has offered prizes. ' I have been abueed,' his Grace used to eay. 'for my frequent advocacy of stocking darning, to the so called detriment of encouraging fancy work. I am sure I will eventually earn the gratitude of all parents as well as their helpin promoting this useful work.' Only last December the children of out) of the schools, Sisters of 8b. Joseph's, in the city exhibited at their breaking up specimens of darning for the especial edifi cation of the Archbishop, but to the disappoint ment of tbe girls and their tutors he could not be present owing to illness. If there was one subject more than another on which the Archbishop spoke with earnestness, frequency, and with severity it was on the way neighbors scandalised each other. Backbiting he de nounced with much outspokenness, and he was not backward in uttering homely truths to his congregations on the subject. 'It makes my blood boil to hear a woman or a man running his neighbor down to the lowest because of some trumpery little quarrel among them. I shall expose this growing habit as long as I have life in my body, and with the help of God endeavor to stamp out the pest.' The spread of Catholio knowledge was always a matter of the deepest concern to the Archbiahop, and in order to promote the study of the higher branches of the educational course he introduced into the colony the good Christian Brothers and theSistersof Mercy— an important circumstance in his career, whioh he always looked back upon with the greatest pride. He saw the handsome college m Wakeneld-street erected, and the institution has grown up under his oversight until it is now well sup ported by the Catholics of his diocese. Last year the accommodation at the college was found inadequate, and extensive alterations were made, while considerable additions were effected to the building, which is now one of the finest of its class in the city. Dr. Reynolds naturally took a deep interest in the welfare of the institution, and not only did he spend much time in addressing the pupils of the college on the advantages of Catholio education and in encouraging them to ' go on and prosper, ' but he assisted the school with his purse, and many scholarships have borne his name. So anxious was his Grace that the boys should be instructed in tbe truths of their holy religion that he was accustomed to give a silver medal every year to the scholar most proficient in ecclesiastical information. The competition was of course very keen, and this was a source of great gratification to him. At the annual displays ot the college the Archbishop was always in the cbair, and he presented the boys with their prizes while they knelt reverently to receive tbe reward of their year's labor and his blessing. How the boys did hiphip hurrah for their esteemed benefactor during his address to them, and at its con clusion the love they bore their archbishop was manifested by outbursts of enthuaiastio cheering. Once or twice Dr. Reynolds made reference to the capitation grant and tho Free Education Aot, bub he never reviled against the opponents of the former. He always adopted a tone more of sorrow than of .anger in respect to them. He was unstinted in bis praise of the good work the self-sacrificing Christian Brothers were doing, and aU who know anything of their unostentatious labors can substantiate all the kind things he used to say of that order of teachers. The last occa sion bis grace attended the college was to dis tribute the certificates won by tbe boys on February 28 of this year. Although he was then suffering intensely he was cheerful as he referred to tbe efforts of the boy?, and he made a happy speech to them. It was on that occasion that he said that if Australians only practised self- denial and self-control a little more than they did Australia would be the greatest land on the face of God's earth. He wanted them to go without their lollies and superfluous cash for once and give it instead to the Children's Hos pital, North Adelaide. Speaking of educa tion his Grace then said : — ' Our .duty is first to seek the Kingdom of God. Besides a secular education ii is necessary that as Catho lics we Bhould receive first Christian know ledge, and secular education will follow in due course. When we aie taught something about our religion secular education will not suffer. When the Old Collegians' Association was in existence the ArohbiBhoptookfadeep inte rest in its welfare, and at the annual dinners his speech was always looked forward to with pleasure by the members. Speaking in 1891 on the occasion of the display of the Sisters of Meroy Sohool, his Grace gave vent to some critioisms on tbe Free Education Act. 'Next year,' he said, 'the Free Educa tion Aot oones into force— a wrebohed imitation of tbe principle adopted in other countries. The State can make as many laws as it pleases, bat we ignore all when it affects Holy Church. We will purrae the even tenor of our way and adhere to our own standard, educating our children in the fear and love of God to fit them for after life in a proper manner. We as Irishmen can look back with pride to the torture and vicissitudes which the hedge schoolmasters had to undergo during the enforcement of the penal laws in Ireland, bat how have they triumphed and sur mounted all difficulties? And despite the barriers the Irish people have had -to encounter they were determined to the very last never to subject themselves to the tyranny of the times and hang on to their Churoh with a tenacity whioh secured victory. In South Australia as in every country of the world, if we have Almighty God on our side who can be against usT Free education— what does it all mean! It means that certain political men raake it the popular cry in order to gain seats. 1 u 3^ar oo^)Peration and the co- operation of the Oatholio parents we need not trouble ourselves about any so called Tree Education Act His Graoe was a man of moat austere habits. His emaciated appearance denoted his asoeti oism only too palpably, and even when his system demanded good nourishment he would persist in fasting at those seasons of the year Bed apart by the churoh for bbU denial and the mortifioation of the flesh. At one time previous to his investiture with the pallium he expressed a wish to lead a monastic life during the rest of his days, feel ing that the mission work he took in hand was completed. If some one else were found to assume the arohbishoprio he was quite willing to forego the proud distinction. His great ad ministrative tact and peculiar abilities how ever fitted him so well for the position that he had to take it. THE WORKS DURING THE LATE ARCHBISHOP'S EPISCOPATE? ^ThiVery^T- Dr' Byrne (administrator of the diooBse) has forwarded us a list of the works accomplished during the archbishop's episcopate. They are appended :— Churches in the Arohdiooese of Adelaide — St. Paul's, Mount Gambier; St. Alphonsus, MiUioent ; St. Teresa, AUandale ; St. Mary's, Bordertown ; St. Barnabas, Strathabyn ; Oar Lady of the Rosary, Stirling East ; St. Bar tholomew, Maitland ; St. Bridget, Warooka ; Sb. Columba, Yorketown; St. Aiden. Ool ton; St. Canioe, Snowtown: St. Vincent Do Paul, Port Wakefield; St. Cecilia, Athurton; St Miohael'e. Clare; Holy Cross, Goodwood; St. Raphael's, Park side; Our Lady of the Angels, Thebarton; Saints John and Paul, Tarlee; Sb. Laurence O'Toole, Eudanda; Sb. Andrew Ap., Balao lava; Our Lady Help of Christians, Lower North Adelaide ; Church of the Holy Ghost, Dominican, North Adelaide; St. Mary'a 'Sedes Sapientiae,' Beulah- road; St. Martin of Tours, iiedhill; S-. Malachy's, Mallala ; the additions to St. Francij Xavier's Cathedral. Churches in the new Diocese of Port Augusta — All Saints' Cathedral, Port Augusta ; Immaculate Conception, Quorn ; St. Thomas of Canterbury, Hookina ; Sb. Gabriel's, Cradock ; Sb. Raphael's, Carrieton ; Sfc Dominic's, Willoohra; Sb. Clement's, Mel rose; St. Catherine's, Pekina; St. Vergilius, „ Yatina ; Sts. Philip and James, Yarrowie ; St. Mary's Immaculate Heart, Georgetown ; St. John E vangelisb, Laura; Sb. Peter's, Gladstone ; St. AgathVs, Narridy; Sb. Luke's, Gulnare; ' Sb. James, Jamestown ; Sb. Kilian'n, Cal towie ; Sts. Simon and Jude, Yarcowie ; Sts. Michael and John, Terowie; St. Joseph's. Orroroo ; Sb. Joseph's, Kooringa ; Our Lady of Mount Carmel, Daweon ; St. Sebastian's, Yongala ; Sb. Mark's, Port Pirie ; Sts. Gervase and Protase, Warnertown ; Holy Trinity, Crystal Brook. PeBbyteries erected in the archdioaese— At Kapunda, Balaclava, Mount Barker, Narra coorte. North Adelaide, Port Adelaide, and Yorketown. Presbyteries erected in the new Diocese of Port Augusta— Bishop's residence, Porb Au gusta ; priesf a residence, Pekina ; priest's resi dence, Peteraburgb. Priests provided for archdiocese, 25; for Porb Augusta Diocese, 5. Other buildings erected in archdiocese — That grand Dominican Convent of Cabra, Goodwood, so admirably situated and so well adapted for boarders ; the Christian Brothers' College, in which he took such a laudable pride, and of whose success he was so accus tomed to speak ; the Convent of Angas- street, where the Sistera of Mercy reside and carry on their charitable works of education and of visiting the sick ; the Kensington Convent for the sisters of St. Joseph, who have several con vents and schools under their oare in the archdiocese ; the Dominican Convent of North Adelaide, where the Sisters of Perpetual Adoration reside; the Dominican Convent, Kapunda, where the Eisters devote themselves to the education of a large number of children; the Convent of Meroy at Mount Gambier ; the Catholic Refuge, Norwood, conducted by Sisters of St. Joseph ; and the Catholio Orphanage, Goodwood, conducted by SiBtera of Meroy. Religous orders introduced to the arch diocese — The Carmelite Fathers of Gawler ; the Sisters of Meroy, Angas-street and Mount Gambier; the Dominican Nuns of Perpetual Adoration. North Adelaide; the Christian Brothers, Wakefield- street. Confraternities and sodalities — The Sacred Heart, Children of Mary, the Holy Family, Total Abstinence, Holy Rosary, Holy Child hood, Apostleship of Prayer, Our Lady of Perpetual Succor. Benefit societies— The Hibernian Austral asian Catholic Benefit Society, which has several branches in the oolony, oonneoted with whioh are the juvenile and female branches which have been recently established. Literary societies— St. Patrick's, West terrace; St. Ignatius's, Norwood: Sb. Raphael's, Parkside; St. Laurenoe's, North Adelaide. A EULOGIUM BY THE CHIEF JUSTICE. His Honor the Chief Justice, who has enjoyed a long personal friendship with the arohbiahop, in the course of a conversation with amember of our staff said : — 'My acquaintance ' with the archbishop began many years ago, when I was practising at the bar and long before he was raised to the episcopate. I was retained in the year 1872 on behalf of the Sisters of Sb. Joseph to proseonte the late pro prietor of the Protestant Advocate. This paper accused the Sisters of immoral conduct and the prosecution was to vindicate their character. The defendant was convicted and sentenced to eix months' imprisonment with a fine of £50. After that time I had a more intimate acquaintance with his grace, and I witnessed his induction as bishop at the cathedral. While I was Administrator of the Government in 1677Iheld the levee atGoverament House on the Queen's Birthday, and his grace attended. For some years previously he and his pre- ' deceesore had refrained from attending owing to a dispute about precedence, bat since 1877 he has continued to be present at the levees. When my father died in 1884, although he was a Protestant minister, the archbishop cent his carriage end two of his olergy to represent him at the funeral. From that time to the present we have con tinued to have social intercourse. He has on several occasions visited me at my house, notably, once during a visit of Cardinal Moran, in 1887. His eminence was in the colony for the purpose of investing his grace with the pallium, at whioh ceremony, which took place in the cathedral, I was present It is singular that on the day Cardinal Moran visited my house was his birthday, which had previously been unknown to his suffragan bishops and was muoh to their delight disclosed by his writing hu name in my birthday book. On my return from my visit to England in 1891 his grace called upon me and welcomed me bask. I had the pleasure of handing him a palm branoh whioh was carried in walking with the Latin procession around the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem on Palm Sunday of that year. 'Some years ago a dispute ooonrred witb the Desbttute Board over tbe management of Catholio State children. The aroh bishop suggested my name to the Govern ment as one in whom the Catholics would have confidence on the Commission appointed to report on the dispute. I was chairman of the Commission, and the confidence placed in the Commission was justified by the result of the investigation, as the Report gave satisfaction to the Catholics as well as the rest of the community. - ' The latearchbishop, whilst thoroughly loyal to his own church, always maintained friendly sooiftl relations with the members of other de nominations, and heartily cooperated with, them in all works of a philanthropic character. I have met him on the platforms of nearly all our charitable societies. In the early years of the University he served upon the council, and he continped after his retirement from id to manifest his interest in the institution by attending the Commemorations. 'It was impossible to know him without being struck with the dignity of his demeanor and his nobility of character.^ Behind hia ascetioism and a certain austerity of manner one recoKnised unmistakably his goodness of heart, and the parity, the earnestness, and the saintlinees of his life. Knowing him as I did during the whole of his long episcopate I could not fail to admire the devotedness with which he addressed himeeif to the functions of his sacred office. When he entered upon bis duties as bishop his diocese was torn with dissensions a»d burdened with debt. His accession to the episcopate meant the undertaking o? responsibilities which would have disheartened a man oast in a less heroio mould. Everybody knows bow courageously and hoW 'sAccessf ully his diffi culties were overcome. ^'Mbw the country is reticulated with railways tad bis former diocese is divided it is difficult to rcaliflB the fatigues and hardships of the long jburnfys ha was acouBtomed to take frpw.*tt» frontiers of settlement in tbe rtBafeF north and north-west to tbe aoothefaltern part of the oolony. His constitution was broken down, and be grew prematurely {aged throuRh toils and difficulties whioh he enoountered with tho fortitude of » martyr and the zeal of an apostle. In 1887, when I called to congratulate faint upon his being promoted to be archbishop, he told me that he baa previously felt that hu work was done, that be was worn out, and that he bad intended to rerifrn bis Bee and to retire to a monastery to spend the remainder of his life in. contemplation and ? devotion. Bat he felt, he said, that bis elevation to the archbishopric ? was » call to renewed activity, and tbat he bad now made up hia tnind to spend, the rest of hia. ,daya in the performance of hifl duties and amongst hia own people. 'Although I did not eee the archbishop daring his last illpnaa I was much touched to receive from him many kind and thoughtful messages in answer to my enquiries after his health. ** In the death of Archbishop Reynolds the Roman Catholics have lost a distinguished and saintly prelate, and Sooth Australia a colonist whose ufe was a pattern of devotion and of eelf-eacrifice for the good of others.' THE ARCHBISHOP'S LAST ILLTSTSSS. For the past twelve years the late Archbishop could not be said to have enjoyed good health. The last time he returned from Rome, where he . had an audience with his Holiness the Pope, he was in a very weak state ot health. ?Symptoms of diabetes manifested themselves, but he did not suffer acutely. Two years ago lie was seized with an attack of bronchitis, and it was at that time expected that he would never recover. He rallied, however, and went into active work once more. He was often beard to remark on the kindness shown him during hia illness by the Sisters of Mercy, Angas-etreet. During the past oouple of years Dr. Reynolds was never in perfect health, and in order to strengthen himself to go through the office of Holy Week he took a trip to Monnt Barker. There he caught a cold which shook his whole frame. The primary disease of diabetes with chronics Bright'a disease developed. Con sumption set in, and this*, coupled with dropsy and heart disease, carried off the prelate. The -two last-mentioned troubles were the imme mediate cause of death. Dr. O'Connell during the last two weeks had to puncture the feec and legs of his Grace to ease him, and he acknowledged to the doctor that the opera tions gave him considerable relief. His Grace bore his sufferings, which at times were intense, with the grc&test; fortitude. Had he not been a man of euch great faith and extraordinary will- power he could not have lived so long. Dr. O'Conaell was ia atten dance night and day on the late Archbishop, and in recognition of his unremitting attention to him he placed the ring he received when he was made Bishop of Adelaide on the doctor's finger. On Saturday Dr. Reynolds passed a very bad night, and eeeipg that the end was near the apostolic bent-diction was pronounced. He made the profes sion of faith in the presence of the Vcn. Arch deacon Russell, Archpriest Kevin, the Very Rev. Dean Kennedy, and tho Rev. Father William?. On the eame day ho gave the Ptpa.1 benediction which was forwarded to Iris Grace some little time ago by his Holiness the Pope to ths priestB of his diocese. Dr. .O'Connell was also present, and on telling his Grace that bis end was nc-ar he eaid. 'It is the will of God ; let it be done, l'Jl pray for you before the throne of God. Jesus, have mercy on me.' On Monday mnrning the Archbishop was quite free from bodily pain, and his death is described as peaceful and beautiful. Ho remained quite conscious till about half an hour before the end oarue. MOURNING CEREMONIES AT ST FRANCId XAVIEE'S CATHEDRAL. St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral was draped in mourning on Monday evening. The pillars were all covered in black, and the cloth fell in graceful folds from the gas jets. The altar was stripped of its adornments and put in mourning, while the throne where Dr. Reynolds officiated eo many times and gave his blessing to tbe faithful was also en veloped in black. A pedestal was erected im mediately in front of the sanctuary and was draped with purple and white. A large num ber of adherents of the Church assembled at the Cathedralon Monday night awaiting thearrival of the remains of the deceased prelate. About half-past 9 the bell began to to!l, and Dr. Byrne, vested in black cope, with Fathers McEvoy, Comes, Hurley, and Archdeacon Russell, in soutanes and surplice?, and several acolytes, emerged from the vestry and pro ceeded down the aiale to meet the coffin at the door of the Cathedral. Close on 10 o'clock a procession was formed up the church. The acolytes carrying the crosses and lighted candles came . first, then the prieste, and Mr. Siebert and assistants carrying the coffin. Father McMahon held the Archbishop's mitre. The bier was placed on the pedestal and the lid unscrewed. The head was raised and a cushion placed under neath. The^mitre was placed on the head and a cross deposited on the Archbishop's breast. Hewasdre&sed; in his episcopal robes. Then the whole congregation pasted round die coffin and paid tbtir respects to the remains of t'ie eminent prelate. 