MOUNT GAMBIER BAPTIST CHURCH. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. An interesting event in connection with the Mount Gambier Baptist Church took place on Wednesday afternoon, when the foundation stone of the new building was laid. About 18 months ago it was concluded that the old build- ing, which had done service for nearly a quarter of a century, had become too small, and in other respects unfitted, for the requirements of the congregation. Steps were accordingly taken to dispose of it and erect another church. About the middle of 1892 it was sold, together with a part of the ground, to the Mount Gam- bier Masonic Lodge for £100, and in September plans were obtained from Messrs. Williams and Goode, architects, of Adelaide, for a new church. The Freemasons took possession of their purchase in November, and tenders for the erection of a new building were shortly afterwards called for. But unforeseen delay having occurred in the arrangements the tenders were held over, the congregation using in the meantime the little church in James-street belonging to another body. In April the Rev. J. Paynter was appointed by the Association to the charge, and it was then resolved that the new church should be at once proceeded with. Mr. J. T. Topham, whose tender at £623 10s. was accepted, commenced his work on Monday, May 16. Excellent progress has been made with the building, and it was ready for the lay- ing of the foundation-stone early this week; and it was determined by the building com- mittee of the church that this should be made the occasion of a little demonstration. The Rev. J. Paynter, who is chairman of the committee, obtained the consent of the Mayor (Mr. F. Davison, J.P.) to lay the stone, and it was announced by advertisement in the Watch that the ceremony would be held on Wednesday afternoon, June 7, at 3 o'clock. Good weather favored the event, and about 150 people assembled to take part in the proceedings. The Rev. J. Paynter had the management of the business, and there were also present the Mayor, the members of the church building committee (Messrs. W. Pegler, J. M. Newing, and W. Peacock), the Rev. Dr. Craig, and other gentlemen. Shortly after 3 o'clock the Rev. Mr. Paynter gave out the hymn, " Lead, kindly light," which was sung, and then the rev. gentleman read a part of Isaiah xxviii. The Rev. Mr. Paynter then Addressed the people. There were many important periods, he said, in the life of men and also in the life of institutions and the present was an important period in the history of the Baptist church at Mount Gambier. They were making a new departure. The old building in which the Baptist friends had been accustomed to worship, he believed for between 20 and 30 years, stood no longer a church but a Free- masons' Hall. Having sold the old church it was essential that they should get a new one, and they decided to make a move in that direction. Therefore, they were there that day that the Mayor might lay for them the foundation stone of the new building. He need not say much about it. The Baptist church had had an existence at Mount Gambler for some 25 years, and they trusted this new departure would result in real success. Their object was the glory of God, and the aim of their work was to bring men to Jesus Christ and ennoble their lives. They were not there as rivals of any other denominations. They had had an existence here, although a some what feeble one, for a good long while, and their simple desire was to have a structure in which to worship God according to the con- victions of their conscience, and carry on the work of God. He was glad to see so large a num- ber present, and trusted their efforts would be truly successful. Addressing the Mayor he then said - Your Worship, on behalf of the members of the Baptist church here I have very great pleasure in handing to you this trowel, with which to lay the foundation stone of our new church, as a small memento of the occasion. I will now ask you to lay the stone for us. (Applause.) Mr. Davison took the trowel and spread the mortar, and whilst the stone was swinging two or three feet above its intended bed a short pause was made to allow Mr. P. C. Kook, of Mr. G. Watson's studio, to take a photograph of the scene, showing the Rev. Mr. Paynter and the Mayor beside the stone, the members of the building committee on a raised platform behind it, and the Rev. Dr. Craig and others close by. Then his Worship, with the assist- ance of Mr. Topham, completed the ceremony, and said, " I declare this stone to be well and truly laid," No bottle with coins or documents was laid under the stone. The stone, a block of white limestone about 18 inches square and a foot thick, had this inscription upon its face "Foundation stone, laid by F. Davison Esq., Mayor, June 7th, 1893." The trowel was a massive one of silver, richly chased, and having a prettily carved handle of ivory. It bore this inscription-" Presented to F. Davison, Esq., Mayor, on the occasion of laying the founda- tion stone of the Mount Gambier Baptist church, June 7, 1893. The article was obtained from the establishment of Mr. H.F. Kessal. Having laid the stone, The Mayor addressed the assemblage. He begged to offer to the members of the conger- gation his thanks for the honor they had done him in asking him to lay the atone, and in pre- senting him with that very handsome trowel. He had almost come to the conclusion that we had a sufficient number of places of worship in the town, but it seemed his Baptist friends entertained a different opinion, and he pre- sumed they were right. They certainly deserved a great amount of credit in those dull times, when banks were failing and trouble looming ahead, and money nowhere, in setting about the erection, for the honor and glory of God, of a handsome structure like that which they had started there. It would be an ornament to Mount Gambier, and reflected a large amount of credit on the congregation. He was sure he expressed the feeling of all present, and of all denominations in Mount Gambier, when he said he hoped they would be successful, and that the church would answer the spiritual ends for which it was designed ; that the people would come to pray in it and listen to the words of eloquence that would flow from those ministers who would preach, and that all who would take part in the proceedings would be materially benefited spiritually, and have their minds drawn away from the consideration of worldly things to the consideration of those higher things of which Mr. Paynter had spoken just now. He wished them every success, and re- minded the assemblage that a certain amount of money was necessary for the erection of all buildings, whether religious or other, and re- quested them to come forward and lay on the stone such offerings as they might think worthy of the occasion. Ho had pleasure in setting the example, and hoped many would follow it. (Applause,) A number of friends oaino forward and laid offerings on the stone, during which the hymn " All hail the power of .Jesus' name" waa sung. Then the Rev, Mr. Paynter called on The Rev. Dr. Craig, who was received with a round of applame. He said that in laying the foundation stono of a church they wero taken back to the time, in the early days, when tho first wilderness tabomaole church was built, and also tho time when tho foundation stoue of the Lord's holy temple on Mount Zion was laid, and when the earth seemed to ring withpraiao and hallelujahs to the great God Almighty. Wheu the foundation of the becond toinplo was laid there waa a good deal of hallelujah and a great deal of nadness, as they wore told " tho old men wept and the young men rejoiced," He hoped that would not bo tho case iu connection with tho now Baptist ohurch hero; ho did not see why in this case tho old meu should weep and lament. Those men who had mat and worshipped in the old church for many years might truly rejoice and bo glad that they woro oreoting to God's praisoa larger and more commodious building] and he thought the younger members might be glad, and make the earth ring, figuratively speaking, with their praiacs, for they O'.mla look forward to the time whon thpir fathers and mothers would be no more, and they would be left to worship in their place in this now house. Ho hoped that in tho future, when the population of Mount G.mibier would havo greatly increaued, when full prosperity wai restored, and when God opened the windows of heaven and poured out bleiiaiujja so abundantly that tho land would not bo able to receive them, their Bono and daughter and their children and ohildren'a children, might be able to look back on this day, whon, under tho direction of tho Rev. Mr. Paynter, whom might God bless and make, as long aa ho was spared, a bless ing, tho foundation atone was laid, aud reckon it an a golden one in their history and in con nection with their church, (Applause.) In conoluaion he would remiud them of tho neces aity that each of their hearts should be a temple of tho Holy Ghost i and then, when in after yoara tho day came when they would have to leave, aa ho (Dr, Craig) would soon hnvo to leave the ministry lie had held so long and the friends ho so fondly loved, they would be able to look baok and say they had served God faith fully and tried to adorn tho dootrine of thoir Saviour in all things, Might God grant great success to tho Rav. Mr. Paynter, tho com mittee, and the congregation of tho Baptist ohurch. Ho hoped that God might indeed bleaa thorn, and also send an eflpeoial blessing on their revered Mayor, who for soveral yeara had ao ably filled hia high office, (Applause.) Mr, J. M, Newing, Soorotary of tho Building Committee, moved a vote of thanks to the Mayor for kindly attending and laying the stono for thorn. Laying foundation atones had bocomo a matter of custom, and it waa also the custom to have donations laid on them, and lie thanked tho Mayor for his offering. They felt that m asking- tho Mayor to perform the euro mony they could apply to no ono who could do it with greater satisfaction. Ho invited friends present to assist them by giving donations, They had every prospect or opening tho church free of debt notwithstanding that tho banka wore reconstructing, (Applause.) Mr. T, D. Coleman was asked to second tho voto of thanks, and ho uaid ho had much pleasure in doing so, Ho waa glad to see tho Mayor identifying himself with tho noble oai;so of Christianity, anc} it woi^ld bo a grand time when all their leading men would do tho same, If the people had followed the lines laid down by Christ tho financial orises which wero now troubling them would not have oocurred, aud they would have had more money to lay on tho stone. A great deal, much of it false, had been said about thorn, and they had had vast amount of uphill work, bi;t they now hoped to go forward. Mr. Paynter was a man with a little grit in him, and a large amount of firrn nosa. That was a groat thing, as they required a firm man. Much had been said about tha congregation in the past that was not true, but that wasnot the people's fault, But he would say pothing more qbout that. Ho hoped their object in erecting the church waa purely the glory of God, and that all denominations would unite as ono for tho flame object. In some cases too much monoy was uadessly spent iu the erection of costly churches, while at the same time hundreds of millions of the hoathen had never heard of tho name of Christ, Ho had pleasure in seconding tho proposition, The voto of thanka waq carriod with accla mation, and The Mayor briefly replied. Ha wan proud of the honor they had conferred upon him, and should nlways take an interest in that building. Ho wished them great 8nccna*. (Applause.) A collection was then made, nt the suggestion of the 1W. Dr. Craig, and subsequently the Rev. Mr. Paynter announced that the total amount received iu donations and the collection was £20 14s., of which sum their esteemed treasurer (Mr. J, I, Underwood) had given £10. (Ajpplauad,) Prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr, Paynter, and the proceedings cloaed with the doxology and benediotion. At 5 o'olook a publio tea was held in the Rechabites' Hall, Commercial-street. It was furnished by n committee of Indies, who rIbq waited on the tables, and about XfiO attended, In the'evenin#, flt'8 o'clock, a public meeting was' held in the same building, which was crowded with people. The Rev, Mr, Paynter presided, and there wereidsj present the Rev, W. Reod (Wealeyan) aud Oapt. Toomer, of the .Salvation Army. It was elated that the Rev, R, A, Caldwell had promised to attend in the course of the evening, if not called away. When the ineetiug had been opened with a hymn and prayer, The Rev. J. Paynter delivered a Bhort speeoh. He was gratified at the large attendance and was glad to see the Rev, W. Reed and Captain Toomer present with them, He believed all the denominations could receive help from each other, arid learn a good de.il from one another. Fruin all the denomination* he knew the 13i»ptinte had learned and adopted some improvements in Oburoh qovurnmeut, &a;,, and he believed other denominations had learned something from the BiiptinU At Mount Garnbier, if the Biptiuta did nothing more, they would help to keep the other bodies alive j and ho tfyoufiht a moderate amoipit of compe tition WAS a good thing. They all assisted to keep each other up to the mark, aad ho did not know that the day had yet come when they could do away with tneic denominational lines, He reoiprocated the kind feeling of the ministers who attended the meeting with the object of helping them. (Applause.) Mre. Hipgs, solo-"The littlo ohuroh round the comer." The Eov, W, Rued expressed his pleasure at having the opportunity of uniting in this oelebration, It vviid u very important thing to lap foundations, but it was uut well to stay at that, nor was it secessory to ba continually digging away at the foundations to sea if tlioy stood securely. In t^o preaont day, when religious faith had been well and widely tested, he thought they might look on such things aH tho existence of Goa, the truth of the Bible, that man was a spiritual being, and that there was au oternity into which we were all hastening, as tried and certain, as axionrjs thqt wars now no lqnger tc< be proved. And if they granted those great truths and the truths that flowed from them, those men who denied that the Bible was A revelation from Heaven granted them the whole position. He did not suppose any body of men were so freely orfticised as ministers of the Gospel, except in deed it wa? the captains of the Salvation Arm} (laughter), &qd; they were acoustomed to hear much criticism of Christian Churches. He had frequently to reply to oritics of the Churobes, and especially of religious experience -critics who were not qualified to criticise thern. knowing nothing of Christian ex Eerienoe, of spiritual life, of the union of the eart with God, and of the dceuer truths thai, wpfp taught to jffjen jo qonneotion with the spirit of God? He pad read that on one occasion an'artist tried his hand at the painting of the Old Testament inoident connected with Balaam and his ass and the angel, and when the result of his genius was completed thegeneral judgment wasthat ns far as the picture of the ass WAS concerned ib was a great success, but that as far as the angel WAS concerned Jt won u laroes^We failure, t!}Q wvial tjeieg whose geniua was only capable of painting asses should keep to them, and leave others of mora transcendent genius to paint angelio forms. That w»s & parable that might some times be applied, with a polite apology, to S3me of the critics of the Christian Churches. (Applause,) He believed that the Church of Christ was now, and had been for some yenis, experiencing a wonderful quickening,, but on somewhat different lines to the way in which such was manifested iu earlier day*. For inatanof, tho early Metliodiat prnaeherR wero so anxious to nave men'o soula that they almost forgot that men had bodies (laughtor) i and some modem preachera-they did not all Bland iu the puluit--aeemed to think a man was all body, IIo believed they were coming ab Ohri.itinn Churclioa-^lio loved the word " Ohmctii.1?)," but hated tho word "Church" (applaiw) in ita narrow bigoted Benan-to the recognition of the true nature of man and the true necessities aud poaaibilitiea of that nature, and whilst great and aerioua mistakea might bo made, in the whirl of thought that wan going on on, botli sides, he believed, by Qod'i good providence, that out of that confusion a better day would dawn, when Jeans would walk over, and wan even now walking over, the storm-waves of human emotion throughout the world, and would say, " Peace be still," and there would ba a great Oftlin, (Ap* pilule.) He believed they bad all a commission tn tho great work of spreading rightejuanesa and Scriptural holiness throughout the world, and might God help them, (Applause,) Ho was once face to face with death, having been surrounded by water when going from a plaeo oalled Bright-, in Viotoria, to another place called Growler's Creek. (Laughter.) By God's blessing ho escaped and found his way to Growler's Creek, Some time afterwards ho had to go to from Growler's Creek to a Presbyterian tea mooting at Bright; there wore Presby terians at Bright and a few Methodists at Growler'a Creek, (Laughter.) Looking down he was annoyed at the oroaking of tha swamp frogs, but when he looked up thero was a beautiful unclouded eky overhead, beautiful country around, and over some mountains to tho eastward the ailvery radiance of tbe Queen of Night was beginning to appear. Ho found it waa a better thing to look up than to look down, and tho journey from Growler's Creek to Bright was better than that from Bright to Growler'a Creek. (Applauap.) He would ad vise all tho Churohes to get on tho way to Blight. 'Tl* coming un tho stops of Tlmo, And this old world Is growing brighter ; Wo may 11 t ueo It's dawn nub irao, Hut hlidi hopes umlto our hearts throb lighter. We nmy liu slcoping in tho ((round When it awakes the world to wonder, nut we havo heard it's Katharine so'inti, Ami heard H's voico of living' thunder I "Tin coming; 'tis coming 1 (Applause,) The Misses Pegler and Mr. W. Hoaking favored tho audience with a trio 1 Mr. A. JMhune delivered a recitation-'"The Stook. mon'B camp-tiro i" and Mr. T. Barrett played a clover violiu nolo, Then a collection was taken up, after which Mr. Parkea reoited " Christmas Day in tho workhouse," Captain Tooiner followed with an excellent address. It waa a great pleasure to him to ba there and tender his congratulations to the Baptist church on tho glorious movomeut they had made. When they saw the foundation fitosio of a ohurch laid it always told them of progress, and when they saw a building erected to tho glory of God it alwaya told them that Chribt's kingdom was going to be extended, Ho waa glad to uuite with them that evening, and hoped the day was coming when there would be no denominational distinctions, and when, in their efforts to extend tho Kingdom of Christ, nil their differences would take A second place. The different denominations seemed to him like the different branches of the British Army, Each branch had its dis< tinat plaoo and mode of warfare, but all were necessary j and it seemed to him that God had ordained that His Ohurch should be divided into different sections, so that what one failed to influence another would reach. (Applauao.) They all pointed to Christ, their Head ana Example, Ho believed if they kopt going on in this way the day would come wnon they would have the full away. It waa aaid in tho open air that day that if men had followed out the law of Christ thero would bo no depression, lie believed that with all his heart, and that instead of depression they would have a country where everyone would have plenty, (Applause,) Ho prayed that day might come soon. Ho urged on all who professed the name of Christ to be real and hasten that day. (Applause,) Mian Pegler sang "There's a light in tho window for thee," and Miss E. Underwood rooited " For love's sake " very well, Mr. J, I, Underwood proposed a voto of thanks to thoio who spoke and tho friends who had provided tho tea. Mr, W. Pegler seconded, and It was oarried with acolamation. Mr, Paynter. in the oourse of a few further remarks, said tnat in about three months, when the ohurch was completed, they would nave a very muoh bigger demonstration. He expressed regret that the Rev. Mr. Caldwell had been unable to come. The proceedings closed with tho doxology and benediction, A coffee supper was held after tho meeting, but waa not vory well attended. The new church is being erected immediately east of the old building, and the front will be to Helen-street. As mentioned in th&',Watch last September, when tho plans wero described, the style will be Grecian, and the design is a very elegant ono, The interior dimensions will be ftlft. by 35ft,, which will give sitting accom modation for noarly800 worshippers. Theheight froin tho floor to tho coiling will bo 22ft. In tho front there will bo a porch, 21ft, by 6ft., whioh will conduct to two aisles running the whole length of tho church. Tho front eleva tion of the building, to the top of a handsome pediment, will bo 30ft, above tho street. The general height of the frcnt will be B2ft,, and of the side walls 22ft, Tho stonework of tho arch of the porch and of the windows in the front will be richly carved. The material being used is white limestone and red dulomito, the latter be'ng confined to the front. The western wall will bo double, with a vacant space of three inches between, to prevent damp penetrating and disfiguring tho inaido. Inside thero will t> heavy cornice round the coiling, and large ornamental centreflowers in the latter. The floor will have a fall from the door to tho back of 10.J uiohea. The rostrum, a com modious one, will have five side*, and will be enclosed by ornamental iron standards with cedar handrail and newels, iinhind the rostrum there will he in tho wall a large blind ornamental arch, Insteadfof stono steps to the front entrance, as originally intended, the earth will be sloped to it; and instead of touiporary vestries being built inside the ohurch temporary ones wjlt be erected at the rear of tho building. Mr, Topham hopes to have the building ready for opening in about three months. 