AMONG CHINESE: HIGHWAY MEN... The mandarin junk upon/; which I was sailing down the Blue l£iver-of China lay, for the day, at the wharf Nankin, writes a traveller among the Celestials. I left it early for an inspection of the - ancient capital. In the afternoon I.took.ifce com mon wheelbarrow conveyance, to visit the tombs of the Mings. The coolie- who trundled it said he could take me there-aiad back by sundown. A thunderstorm delayed us, and the sun went down-while we were among the hills, two miles at least front: the city. The coolie insisted upon my stopping: at one more ruin in a grove just oif the road. It was so dark that I eould not have seen it, at the best,. and I told him to hurry basjk to the city. - It. is hard, however, ta convince a Chinese- coolie of anything and I was not surprised i when he turned deliberately toward the rain. It was almost dark in the grove,1 and as we approached the indistinct masses of masonry they gave ms a very strong suggestion of all sorts of ghosts and goblins. Suddenly the coolie began:to run.. If he had. been going the other way I should have thought he was frightened Before I had time to think, however,. the barrow was tipped sharply to one side and. I was floundering in the tangled under growth. As I sprang to my feet every rock and shrub about ine seemed alive. Cut of the very ground, man seemed to rise. E thought there were at least a hundred.. Pi'obably a dozen would, be nearer right.. It would have been folly to struggle,, yet I was upon the point of at least entering a vigorous protest, when; my arms were- unceremoniously eaught in a. noose and. securely bound, nay feet were tied, a cloth was bound, over my face, audi was laid upon my back in. some sort of a box. It was all done so quickly that when* it was over I could still feel upon my hands* the imprint of the branch which I had caught when falling out of the wheelbarrow. Kot a word had been spoken, but I knew by the motion that I was in a sort of a palanquin, and was being carried some where. The air was stifling. It was rank with opium. Some of the fellows must have been smoking there while waiting for me. Between the cloth over my face and: the opium fumes, which were all the air I could secure, I wa&sulfocating.; I shouted, but it did no good ;the steady, silent swing kept on. Evidently the fellows knew what they were doing, but did not propose to tell me. The scene changed and changed again and yet it did not change at alL A thousand different things seemed going on about me; then there was nothing at all going on, and I was very comfortable and very sleepy. I shut my eyes for a short nap. When I opened them again I was in bed in my gaudy little state-room upon the mandarin junk, miles away from Nankin, on the great Blue River. How came I here ? Two men had brought me down to the wharf in a palanquin. They said they came from an opium den, and the officers of my escort, thinking I had yielded to a popular weak ness among themselves, paid the fellows well fed* saving them the necessity of hunt ing me up. My watch was gone; so were my money, my pocket-knife, and my hand kerchief even. Everything I had ahout me that could be of service even to aChinamau had disappeared. They had put me to sleep by burning an opium rope in that closed palanquin. It was the gentlest, most complete, and courteous highway robbery that I ever heard of. 