MR. M'MILLAN AND LAND TAX. TO Till) EDITOR OF T11B DAIIW TKEKfJUAPII. Sir,— 111 your report of Mr. McMillan's Wavorley speech these figures "which I am going to (j, note, although they may have been given by him in perfect good faith, are calcu lated in the highest degree to mislead your readers: "The total income of Kuglaml under tlio income Lax assessment was 500 millions, aud only 65 millions of that came from land. Would anyone advocate that the other 440 millions should go free?" Now, this conveys the impression Unit the annual valuo of lauded is to the annual value of all \other forms|of|pvoperty as 65 to 440 millions; the actual annual value of tho land according to the official figures for 1891 being 250 mil lions, and greater than that of all other forms of property, for it must be remembered that of the 500 millions of annual income a largo proportion is not derived from properly ut all, but is coined from the brains of the lawyer, tho stockbroker, the physician, the engineer, and other professional men. Unfortunately, I have not the necessary figures within my reach, hilt I cannot help thinking that Mr. M'Millun has mistaken tlio valiic of the rural lands for the total value, omitting tho vastly greater value of the town lands, every penny of which, of course, has been created by tho community ; but, if his figures are correct, they simply mean that the landowners, who always have the greatest voice in making and adminis tering the laws, are, according to their time- honored custom, fraudulently evading the payment of their just dues to the .State. Possibly this may account for a largo pro portion of the "conscience money" which the Chancellor of the Exchequer lias to ac knowledge every week. it is altogether amazing to me how any man of the present clay can believe, or affect to believe, that ho can make of freolrado a balile-ery wherewith to arouse popular enthusiasm. Thirty years ago it was a name lo conjure withg; now it is but the poor thin shadow of a ghost, of scarcely more interest to tho people than the question of the .Stuarts' right to the throne. I believe in frectradc as 1 believe in tlio decimal system of weights and measures, and am entirely convinced t hat some day the whole world will have freedom of trade as it will have tho decimal system; hut these questions must bide their Lime till the in finitely mightier ones that affect not only this, hut all succeeding generations have been finally settled. After a trial of some 40 years, freetradc has been weighed in the balance and found wanting ; tho democracies are now quite satisfied that salvation is not Lo he found in that direct ion. Tho burning question that is now pressing for an answer throughout the whole world, alike in (so- called) freetrado England as in protectionist America, in Republican Switzoiland us in Imperial Russia, in unorgotiound wide awake New Zealand as injur nkntc and somnolent Now .South Wales, 'is the question as old us history. JJid Nature create the earth for immunity or for u class? Are the fruits of the earth for those who do the work of tho Olll'tll /X»< f/ll' tlio l/l/.tll-lu M'lut lll'n <ll» l.lll'il' labor? — Yours, etc., October 27. CHARLES BROWN. 