THE NOVELIST. The Lass That Loved a Miner. (BY J. MONK FOSTER.) Author of " A Pit Brow Lassie," " Slaves of Pate,' "A Miner's Million," " Qeen of the Factory," "A.Crimson Fortune," "TheWhite Gipsy," &c.; Part I-The California Mine. CHAPTER IV.-(CONTINUED.) To those who are familiar with the Lan cashire fairs hold in populous centres, the scone which presented itself to Shadrach and his friends will readily suggest itself} and to those who are not acquainted with such carnivals of the masses, a few words of description may not prove amiss. The fair ground was an irregularly shaped piece of waste land a couple of hundreds of yards long and only a trifle less in breadth ; it was unpaved and unsewered, and during wot weather it was little better than a stretch of mud, while in the dry season it was only a desert of dust. At the time-Shadrach and others paid the place a visit the ground was hard and dry, the dust having been laid by plentiful applications of water. The chief feature of the fair was its clamor. On every hand arose a confused clamor, produced by the laughter and chatter and exclamations of the people, the noise of braying bands of music playing in front of the booths, the exhortations of the showmen to " Walk up ! walk up !" and view tho wonders to be seen alone within their walls of wood and canvas, the chatter of huge " rick-racks " swune: in strong hands,; the screaming of blatant trumpets and bibulous trumpeters ; the sharp reports of the guns at the " shooting galleries ;" the rattle of the "little horses;" the whirr of the "flying boats," and other sounds, noises, discords too numerous to tabulate. And then the shows. First and largest was the travelling circus, with its clown, acrobats, bareback riders and dancing girls -the latter bedizened, rouged, powdered, and capering about tho platform in front of the show to the huge delight of the gaping crowd below. Then came the " galleries of art"-big peep shows with various pictures ; next the ghost shows and conjuring shows so sug gestive of the inexplicable mysteries of the simple mind. Next were the shows containing the mam moth stallion and the miniature pony ; the Patagonian giant, the Russian dwarf, and the Circassian beauty, all for one penny ; the boxing show, where a huge black and half a dozen villainous- faced pugilists in vited the best man in the crowd to a game of fisticuffs ; the pea saloons, where the lads and lasses were regaling themselves with platefuls of boiled black peas ; the toffy and cake stalls, where lads were trying to win toothsome morsels by speculating their ; pence and halfpence on the turning boards, as the round disc and the spinning pointers were called; while over all waß the howl ing, screaming, hooting, hissing, discordant uproar of Hollingford Fair. . With Nannie on his arm Shadrach forced ' his way alongside the front of the booths, and the rest of the party followed as best they could at their heels. : Each of the young men had a " pocketful bf money," und ' as each was out with his favored one, there was no thought of sparing their well-won 1 cash.-': - .' . They went the whole round of the shows, : seeing all there was to be seen, and enjoying themselves to the utmost in their own simple fashion. Then, when the booths were ex hausted they repaired to the swings, to the " tickling boxes," and the shooting ranges, where numberless pennies were expended in the vaiu endeavor to lind the bull's-eye and ring tho bell; It was while the young miners were handling the guns and their sweethearts were standing behind watching them, that one of Nannie's companions touched her ' quietly on the shoulder, remarking in a low tone " Look over there, Nannie." . " Where ? What is it, Poggy ?" the girl asked, as she turned round. " There, beside the horses. Don't you see him ? It's David Southworth." " Oh ; I see him now," the lass responded. "There he is dodging away among the crowd. Let him go. I don't care for him, and I never did," Nannie Baid, warmly. ".But you should have seen the nasty look on his face, Nannie, when he saw us all here together, and Shadrach there with us. He just looked as if he wanted to throttle somebody-very likely Shadrach there." " But why should he, Peggy ?" " Because you have chucked him over, I dare say." " Chucked him over ! How could I chuck him over when I never kept his com pany?" ; " David used to say you did." " Then he told a lie." " Well, everybody knows that he likes you," the lass named Peggy responded. "An' now that ho has seen you with Shad rach he's certain to work you both all the ill will ho can." ". Let him !" Nannie cried, stoutly, feel ing quite safe in her love and her lover's keeping. "lean take care of myself, and I dare say Shadrach can do as much for himself." As the ghi voiced those words she swept the crowd with her eyes, and saw David Southworth again. He was standing be hind a group of red-cheeked and plump bodied country women, and, owing to his great height, was looking over their heads straight at Shadrach Deane, who was just balacing the gun at his shoulder preparatory to firing. : She watched David keenly. There was a deep scowl on his great dark face, and a vicious gleam in his eyes. She felt in stinctively that Southworth's soul was moved tb its worst depths, and that he would not scruple while his evil passion was moving within him to wreak his animosity upon her lover.' Just as that thought flashed through Nannie's mind she saw David turn, his eye caught ber's for a moment, she snubbed him with a look, and he strode away and was lost in the throng. The girl turned to her friends and paid no more heed to the incident. She had never given David Southworth any encouragement in his wooing, and so, she , considered^ she was not to blame for any disappointment he might feel at that moment.: : ' ¿ Half an hour later, when both the young men and their sweethearts had drunk their fill of noise and: fun and frolic, they all set their faces towards lióme, taking- a short cut, which led them through shady green lanes, quiet woodland and sweet-smelling meadows. : The great yellow harvest moon "was now sailing high in. the dark vault above, and the peaceful country seemed doubly delightful after the bustle "and clangour of the- over crowded fair. : Besides the young folks were young ' and in love, and therefore had no quarrel with the world: They thought, and perhaps wisely, that life had ' few better things to offer than a fair, nuts and ginger bread, and the company of their lovers. The clock in the tower of the village church at. Ambers wood was striking eleven when Shadrach Deane and Nannie Wilson said good night to each other at the corner of the Fox and Goose. ; They, had parted, and each went home ward in the happiest frame of mind. The girl lived only a stone's throw away, while her lover had. to walk right along Tunstall Lane for the distance of half a mile. There were no lamps in the lane, and the moonlight rendered lights unnecessary, 'but under the trees the shadows were thick, and one side of the road where the hedgerow was high was plunged in gloom. Swinging carelessly along, oblivious of everything but his own pleasant thoughts, Shadrach was not a little startled when a man's figure glided-almost sprang from the shadows, and a deep voice exclaimed " Is that you, Shadrach Deane ? Wait a minute, for I want to speak to you." " Hello, David, is that you ?" Deane re sponded, amicably enough, as he'recovered from the momentary shock, and recognised the man he had snatched from death. " Yes, it's me, Shadrach," the other made answer, somewhat sullenly, as Shadrach came to a standstill. " I'm glad to see that you are all right again, David. I suppose you've started work at last, I heard so." . " That's not what I want to talk about," Southworth snapped out in an aggressive tone. "What is it then?" Shadrach asked, as he realised in a flash the purport of his feUow-miner's presence there. "It's right about to-night-about you and Nannie Wilson ? What claim had you to take her to the fair ? What right have you to come between her and mo ? That's what I want to know, Shadrach Deane! Southworth ejaculated. "You've no right to ask me such questions, Southworth-r-at least I think not." " Haven't I? Nannie was my girl before you came here, and now- " " She is mine !" Shadrach added firmly. David Southworth laughed loudly and harshly. " Is she? Don't he cock sure about that. You've me to reckon -with before that job is settled." " But if Nannie doesn't care for you? "She used to care forme--would have cared for me still hut, for your interference. I am very sorry now, I can tell you, Shad rach Deane, that I should have to think that I owe my 'life to you," Southworth said, bitterly. "I'm sorry also that anything should have como between us;" " If that is so you can easily mend mat ters." "How?" ." By keeping away from tho lass alto gether-as, you ought to have done all along. Didn't my brother tell you that Nannie and me were keeping company ?" "He did tell mo, and I believed what he said at the time. But now--" "What now?" " I know he told rae a lio !" "How do you make that out?" j "Iwill tell you. Before I ever spoke to Nannie of my own feelings in regard to her, I asked her if it was true that she was en gaged to yourself." "And what did she say ?" » " She denied it most emphatically, and said that she had never given you the slightest reason to think she cared for you. After that I had aright to speak for myself. I spoke, and now the girl is engaged to nie." : " You mean to marry her, then?" j " I do-as Boon as 1 can make her a com fortable home," Shadrach replied. . ! And I swear that you never -.shall marry her while I live !" David Southworth hissed in husky tones. " Before I'd see her the wife of another man I'd shoot her-and the man too ! I moan it, Shadrach Deane, by ¡ heaven I do ; so you can't ; say I've not warned you !" ._ j With that threat on his lips the incensed pitman strode off, and Shadrach pursued his homeward j oumey. . 