The Electoral Divisions. CoHBESPONDEifCE day by**8ay shows that the -redistribution under the new Electoral Act is not giving, as it could Hare been hardlj expected it would give, general satisfac tion. There are protests of indignation from places like Forbes which und«r the | . old act had &— political individuality and 'which have been relegated to comparative obscurity by being incorporated for voting j purposes with some neighboring district. , It must be considered, however,' that the Electoral Commission hav ing to redueo the number of seats from 141 to 125 was, even with, the beet intentions, bound to offend some local susceptibilities. If there be an attempt in the House to recast to any appreciable ex tent what the commission has done the courie of the country's business will be \ fearfully delayed. Fax one thing, the dis tribution, the making up of the electoral Boll, and the assignment of voters' rights cannot be proceeded with until the division . of the constituencies is made definite by the approval of Parliament;^ oranother,al though it would legally be possible to hold a \- general election under the old act, were need to arise before the new one was ready, in practice this would not be done, as a ?_ parliament elected under a discredited system could have no authority. To raise prolonged discussions over boundaries is therefore only to put off the day when the .'Government must. go to the country. A*ad it must further be- borne in mind that bo strict are the regulations of the new Elec toral Act about numbers in each consti tuency, that the alteration of one boundary tody entail the alteration of many. '.^.There .is, however, another sort of griev ance that can well be redressed when the bill is Submitted to the House. The com missioners in splitting up the old consti tuencies, especially the suburban ones, iave«in many cases given offence locally by ignoring the names of well-known locali ties^ and simply labelling them as east, . ?weBt, north, or south divisions of some large district. Thus there are proposed ': to be Sedfern East and West ; Newtbwn North, Ea«t, and South; Glebe East and' 'West. Among the places . that have been . ignpr«d*by this, nomenclature are Marrick ~ trills,' Macdonoldtown, Camperdown, St. peters/ Forest Lodge, and Annandale. Suiely the claims of some of these 'to retain in political life the names they have in municipal affairs might have been, xecog aieed both 'as a mat(ter df convenience and ? . good taste and courtesy. ? . ' \ Sir George Bibbs prefaced his Mi^cii at Quirindi last night by an inttrosiing anecdote of Charles Kean. Ho once met the actor, he said, andexpressedhiB surprise that at his age he should stiil keep before the footlightB. Kean declared that however weary he might feel there was an indescribable f aBpination in the thing. The allusion to ihe,; animic. scene and to the make-believe art :? of the player had perhaps a much nearer appli cation to Sir George's own case than he probably imagined. . Not in^ indeed that' the political performer could by any stretch of 'fancy be regarded' as a particularly 'well graced actor.' Goldsmith said of Garrick that : On the stage he was natural, truly affecting ; ' It was only when off that he really was acting. Aa far, at least, as naturalness is con cerned, the opinion expressed in the famous couplet might be exactly reversed with reference to tha a gentleman who — to continue the theatrical illustration — is apparently ep determined to stick to leading business in Macquarie-street. After such a display of pumped up passion and intensity as the Premier gave for the edification of the Quirindi folk, one can indeed picture him after the enter tainment was over as relating to some of Mb familiars another little Kean story, of which he may have possibly heard. It was told of Charles Kean and Mb father Edmund. They were performing for the first time in Glasgow' the tragedy of ' Brutus.' Edmund Kean had long been going down hill. He was now as doubtful of himself as he was of his f son, and had to resort to clap-trap devices to keep up the excite ment. -However, as with a rather unusual strong bit of fustian, he managed to hit the ' groundlings ' hard, he whis pered gleefully to .his eon on whose shoulders he was leaning: 'Charley, my boy, we're' doing the trick.' For a freetrade constituency, West Maitland has been remarkably indulgont ko members of the present Ministry. On every occasion when members of the Go vernment have visited the town they have been treated with a hospitality bordering on effusiveness, and the constituency as a whole has ' winked the other eye ' at- its member voting against his party, and helping to save the protectionist Ministry from defeat. Now, it is to be noticed, steps are being taken to give the Premier and some of his colleagues a fitting recaption next Tuesday -when they visit the town again. The ' fitting recep tion ' is to take the form of a banquet, at which the usual complimentary orations will no doubt ba delivered. This would all be exceeding strange but for the fact that West Maitlandis under strong obligations to Sir George Dibbs and his colleagues. Blood, we all know, is thicker than water, and somewhat on the same principle protection from floods is more important to West Mai tland\ than freetrade. It comes to the pame\ thing in the end — West Maitland, though, nominally freetrade, goes in body and soul for protection which, if not the particular sort that goes to mako up a fiscal creed, serves the same political purpose so far as*keepingin office a protectionist Ministry. A newly-erected house at Dubbo has been the scene of* similar occurrences to those which took place at the Maclean, and of -which a widow woman was the victim. The proceedings of the mysterious practical jokers follow generally on the lines of the tormontors of the widow. Pieces of wood, iron, and mortar, &c;, are thrown by unseen hands. Bells are rung, windows tapped, and various other Bights and sounds pro duced through equally inexplicable agencies. And these things occur in broad . daylight as w≪ as at night. Sceptics as to Spiritual manifesta tions of any kind must certainly becoaae more confirmed in their views . when they aro asked to believe that ghosts can come fromHhe grave for apparently no other pur pose than that of indulging iaipranks -which, along with being malicious, are decidedly stupid to the last degree. With respect to the Maclean disturbances there was strong reason for concluding that some persons with, more foolish ill-nature than, brains had really adopted that form of persecu tion. It must be so too with regard to the mysterious annoyances at Dubbo. The accession of the Duke of Edinburgh to the Dukedom of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha has beon proclaimed, and the Duke has asserted his loyalty to the German Emperor, his Jfiephew. It may be a somewhat interesting matter for speculation . whether, in certain contingencies which are very easy to imagine, the nephew in this caae, with an 1 inversion of that of the Prince of Denmark and Ms uncle, may prove ' a little mora than Mn and 16bs tsan kind.' It is, now adays, the fashion to consider England and Germany as natural allies. Bat people who j look a little below the surface of things are by no means too confident on that point. The theories as to the indissoluble ties of religion and blood have too often been ex ploded by hard facts'. In the last cen tury, at all eventB, under Frederick the Great what was then as now, though in a different sense, the most formidable member of the great German family, that is to say Prussia, -was sometimes fighting on the same side as England, and sometimes againBt hair. Human paisions and ambitions have not varied in their general influence from thosa days to the present. What would be the position of Mb Royal Highness of Edinburgh i» the event of a war between the two nations? His German duchy ; would perhaps be a more troublesome inheritance than Han over Was in the time of Ms ancestors, {he first Georges. Pitt indeed ohce declared that Hanover . should . be : as dear to the people of England -as Kent, or Hamp shire-; but not even the reputation of tha Great Commoner has saved him from the reproach of having in this instance uttered arrant nonsense. If, . indeed, the Duke of Clarence should ever havo to* perceive, 'a divided duty ' between his loyalty: to the German Emperor and that Which lie owes as an English prince, there Cannot be much doubt a* to~Wnat the English nation would be likely to regard as its-duty* ? - ' ?.-??' Jk:-',, ?-- '- Sir Edward Beed,-M.P. for Cardiff, has made an alarming statement. He has named twelve BMps of the Briiish Navy which he . thinks wbtild *« turn turtle '* like the Victoria if rammed, owing io their defec tive ijuild. , ,S|r SldW&ca;, it Will be remembered* is the whilom Glad«tonian supporter who turned turtle himself on the Grand Old Man pu ths question oZ Home Eule. However, it Ib by no means i to be suggested that Sir Edward's personal experience in that regard has uncon sciously affected his judgment aa to the British Navy. He is, of course, well known as an authority on such a subject. He is a distingnished-naval constructor. It is still to be hoped that in this case the note wMch he has sounded is a somewhat exaggerated 6ne. If not, England may one day find herself actually involved in such a catastrophe as that pictured, in the events which were supposed to have led up to that imaginary ' battle of Dorking,' described by a mili tary expert some twenty years ago. He represented England as suddenly laid open to invasion by the unexpected break down, and the wholesale destruction of, her first bulwark— the Channel Fleet. The Labor sections in West Sydney and elsewhere are panting for an election, and it is probable not more than one of the pre sent protectionist Labor party will venture to meet the constituents. Humor says they are to have a most enjoyable time when they give up statesmanship and return to graft. ? Mr. Edward Terry, as announced in another column, speaks at Granville to morrow night, by request, on ' Capital and Labor,' with special reference to the de plorable condition of the country. There can be no longer any doubt that Sir George Dibbs has been eating the poison pea. The Premier seems to have arrived at the desperate stage — the one that imme diately precedes a sudden disappearance. The report that the general election ?would find . the freetraders disunited^ is without foundation. A common agree ment exists among the various sections to defeat every protectionist at any price, no matter in what constituency he etands. 