CHAPTEB L. " YOU COWABD ! HE TAUGHT ME THE t7SE3 OP THE POISONS." "To police headquarters!" said Mr. Carter to the driver, as he stepped into the cab. At police headquarters he was closeted for a few minutes with the chief, and when he went into his cab again was accompanted by a detective in citizen's clothing. The driver was now directed to go to the Sherwood mansion. When it was reached Mr. Carter and his companion rang, and were admitted. Who do you wish to see ?" asked the servant. The detective glanced over the bat-rack, and answered : " Tell Mr. Sherwood that his friend from Lowell will see him in the reception- room." " Mr. Sherwood is unable to leave his room, sir," responded the servant. " Nevertheless tell him what I say," said the detective. " Come !" he said, turning to his com- panion, and led the way to the reception room. The Marquis of EaBland and his bride were in the room, as Mr, Carter' had suspected from the murmur of voices there, and from the fact that the hat of the marquis was hanging-on the rack in the hall j for the marquis affected the French style of high hat, which was easily recognisable. The titled pair looked around in surprise, and Clara rose and looked inquiringly at the strangers. " I beg your pardon," said Nick, suavely, " but we are here to see Mr. Sherwood." " My uncle is very ill, and unable to leave his room," said Clara, " Well," replied Nick, taking a seat nonchalantly, " we'll wait until the servant returns. A lovely day, isn't it ?" Clara was red with indignation. The marquis kept shifting his gaze from one to the other of the visitors. "Ah !" cried Nick, " here comes some one ! The Bervant, no doubt, to say that Mr. Sherwood will not see us. What ! Mr. Sherwood himself !" Old Boger Sherwood, erect and grim as ever in his life, stood in the door-way. Clara cried out as if she had seen a ghost, and sank back in her chair faint and trembling. The marquis slowly rose from his seat, keeping his eyes on the two detectives, and made a swift motion to move toward the door nearest him. " Sit down, Dolby," said Mr. Carter, quietly. The marquis clenohed his two hands, turned white with rage and fear, but sat down, after a quick glance at the right hand of the dectective. A revolver was glistening there. " Glad to see you so well, Mr. Sherwood," said Nick, cordially. " Claret seeaiB to agree with you better than port." .'I am completely recovered," was the curt, grim reply. "By the way, Dolby," said Nick, "what have you done with that mahogany ease you used to carry once in a while ? It was a nice piece of work- manship, and contained some choice things." " I swear I had nothing to do with it," cried the man he had called Dolby. ''I let her have the case for a few minutes once, and if she took out any o? the poison I was not responsible." " You coward !" hissed Clara, in a hideous rage, springing like a tigress to her feet. " He taught me the uses of the poisons/' "No more !j$For Heaven's sake no more!" cried Boger Sherwood in a tone of misery and disgust. "To think that the child of my own brother would practice on my life for the sake of my wretched money ! Thank heaven, Evelyn is left me to trust in!" ".*-. " Yes, she is left you, sir ; and a royal child she íb for any father. But of her presently. You, Dolby, may escape on the poisoning affair; but my friend here desires your company on the charge of burglary. The safe of Sherwood & Co,, you* know. It was a foolish piece of business. Take him, Tom ! Don't be silly enough to think of resistance, my lord." "I was'nt thinking of any such thing, Nick Carter. Oh, I know you '" " You Beem to have lost your accent very sud- denly, my lord," said Nick, quietly. " Have you noticpd it, Mr. Sherwood P" '< Mr. Sherwood groaned. . > "You do not need to teach me a lessen on my folly, Mr. Carter. I was au old dotard to set such store by a title, and my punishment is deserved. Thank Heaven ! I would rather my daughter married an honest working man than any genuine lord in Christendom." " I think it is her firm intention of doing so, Mr. Sherwood," said Nick j " and wlien we have settled with those two people, I think we hod better make a little trip to Lowell to see that she does it in her own way, which I warn you beforehand is a very unique way." "I will do any and everything," said Boger Sherwood. " Great Heaven ! What is that miser- able girl doing ?" The conviction had forced itself on Clara that Bhe had been discovered in all her misdoing ; and rather than bear the ahame'of a trial and imprison- ment, Bhe had anatched'from her pocket the vial of poison she had used oh Tier'uncle"'and had swallowed its contents at a draught. Nick Carter caught her as she fell. He took the vial1 from her stiffening grasp, looked at it, smelled of it, tad let her 'dying- form siáfc'getítty dnJ'the floor. " She is going before a merciful ge," he said solemnly. 