CONSECRATION CEREMONY AT BALLARAT. BALLARAT, SUNDAY. The consecration of the Rev. Dr. Delany as Bishop of Laranda and Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart took place at St. Patrick's Cathedral to-day, and was of a very imposing character, the ceremony being performed by Archbishop Carr, of Melbourne. The cathedral' was crowded,' many being unable to obtain admission. The Rev. Father. Rogers preached the consecration sermon, taking for his text Acts of the Apostles, 20th chapter, 9th verse: "Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock wherein the Holy Ghost hath placed you brothers to men the Church of God which He has purchased with His own blood." During the service the joint hon in of St. Patrick's and St. Alipius, assisted by many leading amateurs, rendered Haydn's No. 3 or Imperial Mass most effectively. Arrangements have been made for a number of presentations to the new bishop, and the first of these was made yesterday at the Bishop, palace, when the vicar-general, Dean Bayne, on behalf of the secular priests, presented him with a handsome address in a pure morocco case, which reads as follows: " The Right Rev. I ther Delany, DD., Coadjutor. Bishop of Hobart. " My -ordered, the templar priests of the diocese of Ballarat, closed on the occasion of your concern tion as Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart, to (-press our sentiments of affection and esteem in your regard. " Whilst we regret the loss of a prudent, ever faithful friend and zealous oo- labouror, we rejoice that Home by raising you to the Episcopate, has recognised by you those qualities which have made your ministry)- here' fruitful in good. "l!uiic_oi_i)ou will have to w Ider field of labour, but you will also have the additional strength in- herent in the episcopal office. ' Your past is to us a pledge of the future, and we pray that the days of your rule may live long, happy, and peaceful, " We beg your lordship s blessing and your acceptance of the accompanying slight token of personal attachment and "seem. " trained on behalf of the clergy. . JNO. llouAti. V.O., Dean of Ballarat " Ballarat, Dec. 3, and).'' 4 ' In acknowledging the presentation Dr. Delany said My Dear Dean and Dear Rev. Fathers, will not any you have taken up by surprise, although I am well aware that I have no claim to the terms in which I am spoken of in your address, nor to the splendid gift which accompanies it. But I, have been accustomed to this uncaiuulatingkindli- ness at your hands, and your action on this occasion is only in -epping with the generous friendship which I recognised in you as soon as I came amongst you, which grew with the growth of our relations, and which you come to day, at the parting of our ways, to confirm with characteristic cordiality. , I cannot bring myself to say what I would, but I am happy to feel that in speaking to you I have need of few words to express how I feel towards you. I will simply say that as long us alive the memory of our intercourse and united labours will remain with me a source of perennial pleasure. It will be a boon to me, I am sure it will do me good, to look back on years during which I was able to see how your wise zeal and brotherly union' promoted the welfare of church and people is how important works progressed without occasioning anxiety ; how large institutions arose and nourished, and all that chiefly because you were actuated by the spirit of your high calling. These invaluable experiences I shall owe to you, and to the years we lived together. I thank you for them. I thank you, also, for what you have said and given me now out of the fulness of your hearts. I will be your debtor for one other gift, which you will not refuse mc. I ask of you to commend me to the mercy of God and to His holy name, that I may be able to walk in some measure worthy, of the vocation in which I am called. The bishops officiating at the consecra- tion were Archbishop . Carr, of Melbourne, and Archbishop Murphy, of Hobart, Dr F. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, Dr. Reville, coadjutor Bishop of Bendigo. Within the sanctuary were also seated Dr. Leo Kenny, Messrs. D. Brophy, Jas. Coghlan, and N. Fitzgerald, M.L.C., three Knights of St. Gregory. 