u THE CARDSII AKfERS' DAUGHTER. love at first, si/ht be possible, I 3 certainly was i:i love w It ii lier. It was in my young day.-, when 1 was visiting Paris for my :(!iiusemeiit. I bad been strolling about the city all tec morning, and towards neon 1 ionucl roysei. m tne neighbourhood of 'lie Eauoor.rg bt. /ermain, when I caught sight of tne oeagtiful unknown. I stood still a5 she passed me, and our eyes met. Her look was coh'l and haughty then, and I turner! away, reeling, rather abashed, and nut daring to fullow her. For days and Guvs I lingered ahout in the hope of meeting her again, but without success ; and at last .i made up my mind that I would try to forget that I had over seen her, At about 1 hat time I made the acquaint ance of M. Augusts Verrier. He was a per son of venerable aspect, with long white hair and a patriarchal beard. His appear ance did net betoken wealth, but his gener ally cultivated bearing suggested that he had seen better days. We first met iu a cafe to which I occasionally resorted, and I soon found from liis conversation that he was a man of :onsiderable education. After we had met some half-a- dozen times, happened to mention that I took great interest in matters pertaining to art.. He then informed me that lie was a painter by profession, and modestly invited me to icccmpany him to his studio and inspect some of bis works. I assented, and be conducted me to a crazy, old, half-timbered house, long since pulled down, in the Faubourg St. Germain. Here, having uscended to the'topmost story, we entered the studio, which presented a rather remarkable appearance. There were numbers of pictures, some with frames and some without, stacked against the walls ; and rows of dusky shelves, with books, casts, und human bones heaped upon them. In one corner was a life-sized model of the Apollo Belvedere, and in the corner, diagon ally facing it, a complete skeleton hung sus pended from books in-the wall. This, being on the same side as the window, was barely distinguishable in the deep shadow, and presented a strange, spectre-like appear ance. The other corner, on the same side, was occupied by the artist's easel and canvas, behind which was a lay figure dressed in a complete suit of armour, and grasp ing in its extended fist a truncheon, reminding mo of the ghost of Hamlet's father. In the remaining corner stood another -figure, which was covered with a large mass of crimson drapery, apparently to/protect it from the dust. All about the room, wherever space permitted, were juled fragments of old armour, with swords, pistols, lialberts, and other weapons in picturesque disarray. After showing me several of bis paintings, which were not indeed works of very high merit, M. Verrier asked me if I would takea cup of coffee. I assented, and. he rang a small handbell. ' In response to the summons a young lady entered, bearing black coffee ancl cigarettes upon a small tray. A thrill of deliguaui surprise ran through me as I recognised in her the unknown one whose beauty had so profoundly impressed me on that memor able morning. "Permit mc," said he — "Monsieur Clayton, my daughter Mademoiselle Annette Verrier." I bowed, and the young lady returned my Dbeisance with consummate grace, blushing slightly as she did so. Then she with drew, after handing us our coffee and cigar- sttes. I prolonged mjr stay rather inordinately, in the hope that Mdlle. Verrier would reappear, but she did nob, and 1 took i ay leave at length, resolved to use every means For becoming better acquainted with her. One day I met M. Verrier in the caf as before, and our conversation happened to turn upon games. I mentioned that I was fond of ecarie, and asked him if, he ever played. "Alas! not now, monsieur," replied he. " For you see I have to be at work every hour of the daylight : and my physician does not permit that I go out in the evening, on account of m,y asthma, so I am obliged to give up my game." "Bub surely, monsieur," said I, "your friends might play with me in your own rooms ?" "I have no friends," said he, " who care to spend their time in amusing an old man. Ah, no ! most persons can find more lively diversions than that. No matter ; I must not complain, for I have a treasure indeed in the society of my beloved daughter." I hinted pretty strongly that I at least Would be only too happy to play with him. " Well then, monsieur," said he, "since yon are so good as to say so, if yon will name any evening that shall be agreeable to you, it will give me great pleasure to take a hand with you." I suggested the same evening, at any hour he pleased. " Shall we say nine o'clock then," said'he. " And if you will do me the honour to sup with me " I accepted gladly, and overwhelmed him with a profusion of thanks. What happiness ! I should see Annette — should converse with her, and should be able to strengthen the favourable impression I already believed myself to have made. M. Verrier rose to leave the cafe, mutter ing in a half-audible tone as he did so : "I must remember to get some cards, for I have nob a pack — so long si.nce I have played J" " Fray do not trouble yourself, monsieur," I exclaimed, " for, as it happens, I have two new packs at my hotel." He thanked me, and walked out. Just then the proprietor of the cafe, a fat, jovial fellow, who had been removing some glasses near us during our conversation, turned to me with a smile — " Monsieur must be rich," he remarked, "to play with M. Verrier." "Indeed?" " Ay. For it is his humour to play high. Also it is his humour to win." What did I care for that ? Even if I lost a few louis, the interview with Annette would more than repay the 'sacrifice. I resolved to humour M. Verrier for one even ing at least. ' The time came, and on my arrival I was . ushered by iny. host into a small and barely- furnished room, where a table was laid for two. \- Our supper was very simple ; it consisted of bread, cheese, and salad, with red 'wine. Annette attended upon us, mixing our salad and pouring out our wine. She was paler than usual, and the absence of colour in her cheek rather served to heighten the indescribable air of noblesse thai pervaded all her movements. I now had to submit to a disappointment for which I had been wholly unprepared. Holding out her hand to me, she wished me soir. She was going to retire for the rest of the evening. It might have been partly owing to the wine, bub I felt unusuallj,/.' bold, and as I took the lily hand in my own I pressed it to my lips. "So kind of yon," she murmured, softly. " She is an angel !" I said to myself, " an angel of gentleness and filial affection. She has no thought— no care for herself ; she onlv studies her father's happiness/1 She turned to go, and — I hardly knew how I nerved myself to say ifcr-1,. wondered. 4abmv own temerity aftervvcrd:?,.- - S .fcelle,'? TrAxdl!iimedv la/impklpifiaorie, /"bnb yonr lnmjjevivill- rfcmainerishfined fu my heart, for ever:"' An interval or-siknce then ensued. My companion did not- invite conversation, and i was riot disposer, to talk. I was tinnkmp Tpnm.' fob! irivsilf that T lovpfl her — ves, this Reeling moss be wis, ac-r u 1 5'as fcttodfd vu e;tssifi. I "Come, monsieur, said M. VerrfU' at length ; " shall we piny ?" I absented, and he ic-d the way to th» ' studio. Everything there was precisely C I had .'.ten it on the previous occasion/ , 31. Verifier irolioii--.! u-.a to a chair, where I j scaled mv.-r.if facing the easel, which was I covered with a large white wrapper, i Behind it lodmerl the mysterious figure in i armour, while the Appollo was on my light and the skeleton on my left. 31. Verrier now removal : he wrap per from the easel, disclosing to my view an unfinished sketch, in oils, of his daughter Annette. As I gazed at the portrait, a few inco herent expressions of admiration broke from me. M. Terrier smiled, and drawing up a small table towards mc, placed wine and glasses upon it, aud took his seat facing me. . . The game commenced ; we played high, ami I seemed to lose about three hundred francs in no time. I was a good player, but I did not pay sufficient attention to the cards, tartly from a desire to indulge my opponent iti his humour, but chiefly because my'thoughts were running upon Annette, and my eyes continually wandering to her portrait upon the easel. \- 31. Verrier gathered up my stake with the cool indifference of the veteran game- stor. " It is better to play thus than in com pany, where they bet upon the cards and advise you what to play, is it nob, monsieur?" said he. I expressed concurrence ; bub there was something in his tone that I did nob like. It seemed to convey a covert sneer at my want' of skill, and I determined to play my very best. I now won a few games, and M. Verrier for the first time challenged me to bet. ?, did so, and lost heavily. The artist played as if lie had known every card in my hand— _ a species of knowledge that is of transcen dent value at ecarie. I began to x suspect that I was being made the victim of some trickery, though of what nature I could not guess. The cards I liad brought' with me, and it was therefore impossible that the backs could have been marked in any way.. What was the secret of 31. Verricr's success! I resolved to watch him, and, if possible1 find out. 3Iy hand consisted of the queen, eight and seven of clubs, and the knave and nine ofi diamonds. In taking up these cards 1 had; scarcely made a movement of the elbow, and- yet I could see, in the spectacle glasses of 31\. Verrier, the reflection of something in brisk motion behind my chair. Angry and suspicious, and almost for getting for the moment that the man before me was the father of Aniiette, I turned sharply round, and was just in time to catch sight of a human hand, holding five cards spread fan-wise, rapidly disappearing under the folds of the crimson drapery that covered the figure in the corner behind me. I had seen the faces of the cards. They were the queen, eight and seven of clubs, and the knave and nine of diamonds. , I roughly tore off the drapery, and dis closed to view — not a lay figure, bub the majestic form of 31dile. Annette Verrier, ' holding in her hand the cards with which he had been telegraphing. — Abridged from The Ha' por Hi. A FEW PEOPLE I LOVE. . To love is one of the natural propensities of the human race,, and it may be truly said that affection exists, in greater or lesser degrees, in many of the domestic animals. I offer this sentence as a short introduction to what is to follow. I have always found ib' very convenient to start out with a sentence or two before following it up with others. An article which does not do this does nob possess much inherent literary merit. As my opening sentence impliedly admits, a disposition to bateis contrary to all natural law, biit- 1 have never been able to ascertain what tribunal has cognisance of such con-, trariety or what penalty is affixed when verdict of guilty has been brought in. I have never, hated any one, and I have made it a point to lavish my affections on certain perouns, specified-below, whol-know- are in need of my love, because they are nob loved by the cold world generally. The person who comes in for thelargesb share of my pure affection is the man- who writes his name so that I can't read it. My love for this man is unbounded, and so are the endearing epithets I bestow upon him. Sometimes his written name resembles an unfinished plan of a trestle-work bridge, and sometimes it looks like the path of a forest fire. If we judge this man by his: chirography, he is an enigma, and — we give him up. The next person I ardently love without . his jbeing aware of it is the individual who asks me if I have read this book or that book, or some other book, and when I tell him I have not, evinces surprise, and \ regards me as an inferior being. He is a lovable man to me. Then comes the- landlady, who, because I twice partook of a. particular . dish, assumes that I am fond of it, and afterwards passes, ib to me frequently, keeps it .on the table meal after meal, and informs her friends and, relations that I am fond of it. Well-mean-! ing lady, she shall never know howl love her ! ' The next in order arc the persons of " limited intelligence who argue -.the great questions of the day, and set forth plans for saving the country in my presence. One asserts that the application of electricity to machinery in the place of steam will throw, the miners out of employment, and the other declai-es that it will take just as much coal to make the electricity. And so they argue.; I wish they would stop long enough for mo to tell them how I love them. And the rest of my love belongs to tho college girls who invite me out to spend tbo evening, and then indulge in mysterious conversations respecting a chum oracquainfc- ance positively unknown to me: They #ro good at entertaining — themselves. HE HAD COLD FEET. A boarding-house on Cottage Grove- avenue was the theatre of a very unpleasant incident a few evenings ago. One of the boarders — a young man of about twenty-seven — is a confirmed "hypo chondriac. Among his multitudinous ills he is a martyr — at least so,he says — to cold feet at bed time. A certain Dr. Hall told him that people so affected should, before.going to bed, bend ov.er and smartly slap the calves for abeufc five minutes. This struck the young man to be about & sensible a piece of advice as he had evor heard. , So he put it to the test on Saturday night. He bent over and pounded away aft himself, and all the time made a noise with his mouth like the hiss of escaping steam. This noise atracted the attention of oha 0t the boarders, and he told the landlady that there must be a fire in that room, because ha could hear ibsiz, and could hear a snapping and a popping going on up there. The -land lady didn't pause to argue. She caught up a pail and plunged for the place at once. Tho boarder followed with a gigantic broom. They precipitated themselves into the room together. i Theadvenfc was so sudden that the boarder, who ivas warming himself, Had no chance to dodge, and there was too much momentum ou the landlady and the other boarder to permit them to recover themselves in time. So there was a collision. The landlady saw it coming, and instinctively held the pail in front of her. A-But tlie-disciple -:of Haftj'4idn!<b;see ib, #a> .w/ his 6ackfwa.to £be.deor»fid?iiis head: nearly v 5 to.-thaoQr.ah<LSefoteffie,:cmil<wkfiuln«/ ffie&riqg; the dporfly open tfe upon hmiiiana.th e - contents «fctnejpaiJ-:«rrfr : him, and the three, with.the pail ana cloUiM - " brush, came down together. How the -land lady extricated herscli and got out of the room as quickly as she did will always <t remain a mvsterv to the two nmn/whostood ciisi-«?_anTt s'-'red ae-gava ""P'itTHlt hUetn uimutts. T f 