ZILLA -I A ROIIANCE. \- ' BY JOSEPH HOCKING, AUTIIORi'OF '~.Eblat the Hie," "TJabez .Eastcbrook." (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, Bowdon &'Co.)'" CHAPTER XXIII. IN TLHE DAU.C." ' Who shall hush the' ?eiary spirit's. chiding? Who the aching void .within'shall fill.?, . Who shall whisper of a 'padco abiding, And each surging billow cahnly-stillP Blessed Healer ! all our burdens lighten. " Give us Thy petioe, Thihne own sweet pence, we pray; Keep us near Thee till the morn shall brighten, And all the mists and shadows, flee away.' -Fromi ' Lvi, AaioLIvoAN.' The next morning Jack found his ;way 'to :'Chelseai wherOe Mr. Denver gave lim a ' hearty welcome. : They wvere not to commence work till the 'following Monday, lbut .thoy hadarT, ranged for hini' to come. early, so that necessary preparations might be .made. Mr. Denver was Very kiiid to him, .and treated him more like a near re lation than a teacher, while his'wifeo and daughter mhade muchk of him. The latter especially was exceedingly gra cious, and seemed to do her utmost to make him feel at his ease. As I hinted some time ago, she was a young lady of brilliant attainments, and withal possessed a keen mind. Moreover. she had been reared in a healthy English home, and thus the tone of her conversation was high and pure. Unwittingly Jack kept .com paring her with Zillah, and ii` spite of himself, he could not help thinking in what a different way his mother would regard the two girls. It was a strange feeling that possessed him,. but he. wished he could love this fair graceful English girl instead of her, the very thought of whom seemed to chill his: blood. He felt glad that he oiuld-be; constantly thrown in her 'society ; somehow she might' wean" him away. from the love .that- was casting :a "';ow over his life.. Yet, in spite of "is" this, an: ovormastering: desire possessed him to go and see the daik _skinned maiden, that he might know, how she fared. Just after three o'clock in the after noon the opportunity: came vhereby he could put his desire into practice. Business called Mr. Denver away, and he expressed the hope to Jack .that .he would make himself as happy as poseible, The first instalment of pupils would not arrive until the fol lowing day, and there was really nothing more at present to be done.. Evidently in opposition to the desire of the ladies, Jack hurried to Sloane Square Station, where he booked for Westminster Bridge,. and soon after found his way to the hospital, where Sennacherib eagerly awaited him. The poor lad had evidently under gone much pain, for his face was. pale and wan, while his every movement ,betokened. how ' keen his sufferings were. ' I'm jolly glad to see y:r,-guv.'nor,' he said, as Jack came to his-side.. ',I waur beginning to think 'you wurn't a-comin', and I began to feelldumpy. , It's so lonesome 'ere -for a'.cove as 'as ]had the free runo', the city.' ' I suppose it is,' said Jack, kindly; 'but I came as soon as'I could.', ' Soon :as yer could ?':: said: Sen nacherib, questioningly. ' Why,: TI thought as 'ow yobuwere a bloke with nothi' to do, :and could ':come and go 'ow you liked.': . , N?o,' said Jack. 'I have to Work to bget a livhying.'. : S y;' said Sennacherib. knowingly,: ',you work alot, I reckoh. What you do will be good for 'sore 'eyes'.. You are 'like the Trafalgar Square fouiitains; I 'spect. You plays from ten to four;'. and he laughed feebly. Jack joined in the ihugh, and passured the lad that:' he would: have plenty to do during the coming Imonths. ' '" . ":": W ell, what might yeri bo' 'ow ?' said the lad, 'an' what's;yer father;?' ..' My father is dead,' replied Jack. He wasa clerg3yman.' . i:..: -':. A preachin', cvdve yo6i3:lean?, IJack nodded.'' : ' . : [I would 'like tol have ayaj~ ~ii' one eni.em ? Y,:'ou ,ould; Iwhy : ::::::::i' : ' i'Why- they says as ,'ow.lon we oe B.e gb, to a bettei hop: ?-or this, n;I'dd like to hare a bito! infor?n: .I daiesay I coild get otiet0o ome. ' T!:lhere's a diffeirence in em,- ainmt W?- hat do you mean?' S?Well, one day; years ago, ihen I iu}-ir a little un; I ,goes wi' a lot ov. otheir 'blokles to a Sunday- scho0ol I cin't mind now wha itwui' said so imich, tbUt I knows as 'ow d they iwu siningm " There's a botter world,' or sbome sich: talk. Besides that, lots ov covres as I kknows learns up Moody and Sankey's hymns to sing in the streets. They borry a few' kids to.take wi' 'em, and they pickls up a livin'; cause the people is silly, and 'elps 'em for the sake ov the kids. Well, all theii sngin' is 'bout this other shop, and it-must mean somethin' !' . And you want to know soetlfinc more about it ?'., ;'. :::: ' I ain't a-finished yet?; guy nodr, and I can't think right; tlis .'ye? ?hin oi umine is a-givin me sueli pepper. But Ias I wur a-sayii', a' little: 'vhilo after I' goes into a preachini shop,: not a grd?d .un at' ill. We:v ll, it ?wer jolly Comfortiable, and I soon goes to sle'oep;: !but I walies up .aftei' a bit,-: and ?hears a cove tellin' 'bout somebody ?called Jesus. ~'T couldna make muich on it, but it was jolly interestin'. ' And did you' go again ?' 'No, I didn't go there again, 'cause ,,' reg'lar swell preachin' cove comes to seee the old woman at home, and axels d'er to go to a mission church belong iang.to one called the ',Ohurch ofSt. IGabriel and'all the Angels.' I thkilnk that's the right:name. "He said this cove as I eard 'ad no business to be spoutin' 'cause he wer'n't done some thin' to.. Redeemed, I think it wor.' .' Ordained,' suggested Jack. ' Ay, ordained, that's the ticket. Well, I didli' know mich 'bout it, and I says tomoself, I'll just go to this 'ore shop with such 'a grand name. .Well, I goes, but I could make nothin' onr' 'it.:.: [Theoy ";:wur all. bowin' an' moanin' as though they 'ad pain somewihedes. An' the3 'ad some curious smoky stuff, and aa cross, and lots d' things, but it weie all gammon td me, so I didn't' go no 'more. The "swell chap he tries to git me, andsays if .'ilonged to the true Clurch" wur safe for heaven.: 'ButI could see no good in it, so I didn' 'trouble.' The :lad 'stopped -here,'. foi' he was. evidently '.in pain; but after a few seconds he resumed' his story. A:: fter a bit,' he went 'on, ' I begins to think that I'd go and"av 'alook at a.right swell: place, "where: a right' boss o' the show, 'ud be 'showin' :off. But it wurn't no good. 'No sooner did I put my nose inside than I: wur showed out, an' since then I's heeid inothin' 'cept that these -/chaps in the streets a-howlin.' ' ' And should you like to know niore about it ?' eaid Jack.: . Ay, I would,' replied Sennacherib,: .''cause, yer know, I wer thinkin', supposin' that ere cabby'had smaslhed my yed instead o' my shitn, where should I ha' been, anywheres or nowheres ?' . 'And' should ' you like toq go some where ?' asked Jack. .' I' rayther think I would, guv'nor. Why, who:wouldn't ?' ' But there 'is a chaplain; ,to the hospital.' ,"I cduldin't talk'- to the bloke, he wur so stand offish; 'besides, I coildn' understan' 'im.' '.Hdw ?' e?W ll, he talked a 'lot 'bout blood, and-l sacraments,. and sick .like,:, an' 'twer all'moonshine to me. Some'ow there seems to be a difference 'mong 'emr.: "' Some say one thing, some another. I didn' bother milch afore, but now -I feel as I'd like io.know, aid your gov'nor ,being one on 'em;-I thought you might know.' Poor Jack ! It brought back all his difficulty again. The old harrowing doubts caine into his mind, and he know not -what to say. '.I am not a minister myself,' said Jack, ' and I don't. know anything about it, but when you get better, I would go to the place you went first; that man might help you.' ' But t'other chap said as 'ow 'tworn't no good goih' to 'im, as he weren't in the swim like, and 'twould be a sin to go there. I can't make it out, nohow, 'cause he were right warm, I thought, and wanted to .do. the thing proper. 'Course it weren't a grand place, but I can't see as 'ow that matters., Can you, gav'nor ?' " 'No, I can't see that, it matters,' said Jack 'thoughtfully. ,.'That's. where it bothers 'a cove,' said Sennacherib, ?' nd: it's made me' feel afraid'as'there's nothin' in it. :I should like to know, though.' ,s 'I'll tell you;' said Jack.. :Canoyou read, though ?' S' Like a lawyer, guv'nor.'. ' Then I'll let you have a- New Testament.' . ' " Is that the book the blokes read in churches'?' ' Yes;' it's a part of the Bible: You've read it,.haven't you.?' ' ! The outsides on- 'em.- 'But the blokes send 'em 'broad mostly, don't Why do you think ?o ?' ''Cause.I, 'members goin' on. by Exeter Hall a goodishi bit ago, when I sees a bill:'bout the propagation of the Bible in furrin' parts, and I sees, too, as 'ow they spent a pile o' money on it So I thought as 'ow it must be a book mostly for the blacks. But if you'll git one, guv'nor, here's the little chap as l read it.' 'Then I'll be going now,' said Jack; 'but, stay! supposing you could see spirits-that is, the spirits of those who died,-would you believe that you would go somewheie if you died?:' ' :. Sennacherib iboked thoughtful. I: Idon' think I wouild, guv'nor. It 'ud:spile it: so~nehdwov, ouldn' it? I .do'n' knowi, but twould' -ifeel right somiiewheres;,.. Besides, I should think it': wiur: cVt make up :like Hhanilet's fathei路's ghost.'':: ':'lPerhaps it woua;ld, ,.said Jack qiietly;' b"bt I'll be going no#.: I'l send' you a New" Testament adt once.' '..You'll -com~e . agaih socn,' 'won't yer ?'. said the lad.:. ': -.' ' As 'soon as Icaiic .a'n , . . ::' That's right. It's lonesome here, not .knowin' 'no :one. .Besides,' it's g'ood on.yer to talk to a ~dve likome.m ,Wo~dd yer mind tellin' me what thOey 'call' y -r ?'. J路 ack gave him a visiting :"cai:d, a thing which perhaps Sennacherib never had in his hand beforie, and he conned it curiously, while' the ydung' man' went'down the stairs and out into the square. \- 'Re has hit it off exactly,' thought he. ' It doesn't feel right somehow; and:if I could see a hundred spirits, it wouldn't' seem right, and it doesn't strengthen' one's faith a bit. Ah, me ! .We are all hungering for the same assurance, and no real positive help comes.' It was now dark, but he walked on to Trafalgar Square, ,where he got a cup ,of tea, after which he made straight, for Tottenham Court-road. He had no reason for taking this step, ekcept that he was longing for 'the sound of Zillah's voice, and hungering for' a sight of her face. No other reason, did I say ? . And yet there was andther reason-one that he could not 'put into words, one that barely for ,milated itself into a definite thought, andyet it influenced his action; took part in governing his thoughts. He was not long in reaching thie house S- : . ~. 路 .路 ,.' where she lived, for love lent wings to his feet and hurried him forward. The samo servant met him at the door as lie had seen on the previous Sunday. She met ]him with a smile evidently her vivacious French nature was impressed by the genial presence of the young man. 'Was Miss Zillah.at home ?' ' Mademoisqlle Zillah was at home, but would be 'leaving in an hour -for an engagement.' ..' Could I see her ?' asked Jack. ' I think not. Madame Miriam is asleep, and will not be awaked until Mademoiselle Zillah starts for her on gagemont. She has had a good dinner,' -the girl smiled knowingly,-' and, as you know, Mademoiselle sees no one without Madame.' 'I think she might be persuaded to see me,' replied Jack. ' Will you not take, a message to her from me ?' The girl tossed her head knowingly. 'Monsieur is asking a very.great favour,' she said meaningly. 'A very great one,' replied Jack;' ' I shall regard it as such.' The girl looked quizzically at him; she evidently felt that she might be free in speech; the power was in her' hands. ' Monsieur is epris with' Mademois elle,' she said. .'I should like' to seeher,' replied Jack, annoyed. 'Do you know Monsieur Benoni?' she asked at length. ' .do not remember ever speaking to him,' 'he replied; ' but this has nothing to do with my desire.' She looked around her nervously. ' Monsieur must not mind my speak ing plain,' she said; ' but Monsieur Benoni is' master here, and would instantly dismiss me if he knew I allowed a gentleman to see Made-. moiselle without Madame being pre sent. ' But Monsieur ]Benoni is 'a brute; and you, Monsieur, are kind. If you will not allow the brute to' know, and make it worth my while, I will conduct you to Mademoiselle.'. 'I .should not think of telling Benoni,' he said, .'putting half a sovereign in her hand. Without a word she led him up stairs into the room in which h'e had been a few days previously, and' then left him. What message she gave Zillah I know not, but in a. few seconds he heard her footsteps on the stairs, immediately after which, the door opened, and they stood face to face. ''Why are you here?' she said, without any other greeting. 'I wanted to see you,' he replied. ' Why?' The question was asked half angrily, half anxiously, .'Because I felt sure you wanted `help. (To be C'onthinued.) 