Druids' Concert. A concert in aid of the Regalia Fund of the Petersburg lodge of the United Ancient Order of Druids took place in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening last. The numerous entertainments of late undoubtedly told against the attendance, which, under the circumstances, however, was fairly satisfactory. Mr A. George officiated as conductor ; Mr A. W. Hill as stage manager ; and Mr J. A. Buttery as business manager. " The pro- gramme opened with an overture by Miss Owens, followed by an effectively designed Druidic tableau ; the parts being taken as follows :—Queen, Miss Eva Staer ; Priestess, Miss Ethel Staer ; Cherubs, MissPreece and Master Rudland ; Arch-Druid, Mr Buttery ; Vice-Arch, Mr Somerville ; Bards, Messrs Williams, Hill, Eager, George, Johnson, and Roberts. The following items were then rendered in the order given :—Song, "A Man with an honest heart," Mr D. Johnson ; Solo, "My Ellen is the fairest flower," Mr Eager ; Glee, "Fair Flora Dex," Miss Owens and Messrs George and Roberts ; Song (in character), "Wreck of the Victoria" Mr J. A. Williams ; Song (comic), "McCormack," Mr T. Wallace ; Dance (hornpipe), Miss Eva Staer ; Impersonation, "The Maniac," Mr A. W. Hill. After an interval of ten minutes the second part opened with an overture, "Il Corricolo," by Misses Owens and Staer, followed by a tableau, "Out in this cold world," with a representation of falling snow, colored lights, and special scenery, the solo parts being taken by Mrs Buttery. After a solo by Miss Owens, and a comic song by Mr R. Gluyas, Mrs Johnson rendered "The song that reach my heart. Mr Eager gave "When the band begins to play," (in character) and Mr Johnson "Down in the Meadows." After a duet (in character) by Messrs George and Roberts, "We'll have a dance to-night boys," the entertainment was brought to a close with the diverting farce, "The Haunted House," the characters being taken as follows :—Dr Bolus, Mr E. Rudland ; Tiger (his servant) ; Mr A. W. Hill ; Ghosts, by members of the company. Mr J. A. Buttery, (Arch Druid) on behalf of the management thanked the audience for the patronage bestowed, and intimated that another entertainment might be given in the future. The entertainment was followed by a ball, at which the attendance was unusually large and an enjoyable time spent. It is gratifying to know that the proceedings were financially successful. 