I LOST FOB 10YE;. . ' OR, > The Last of His Race. i. » I ' i CHAPTER XIII -(Continued.) ; I must- have been sitting Half an hour or more' in the dewy, starlit chapel before Mrs. Pox stole in and. found me. I did not know that she was' near until she touched 'my crouch ing figure and her kind tones fell upon my ear, rousing me from my. deep despondency. . " Don't give way, dearie," she whis- pered soothingly; "it doesn't do to give way too much, you know. Let us go out of this uncanny hole, and go in-, doors." ; " Oh, Mrs. Fox," I moaned, rising from my cold resting-place and cling ing to her, " have you heard — do you. know all?" "Yes, yes," said she, breathing hard in her excitement, " everything. But come indoors, there's a dear child ; you'll catch your death of cold out here in this nasty vault." \ " How did you hear 1 " I asked, my teeth chattering, my limbs unsteady, as I stumbled along with the good old servant. " Who told you, Mrs. Fox." i "I was with the Dame, my dear, 3 when Mr. Roderick came in," she ji answered gently. " He looked like a i. regular ghost, for all the world, and the Dame and me we screamed directly' f we set eyes on him. Before I could get away, however, he had told every- : thing in a few sharp words that struck us all of a heap. I wondered where you was) Miss Peggy, and guessed as how you would be low-spirited and moping by yourself like; and so I ran ;t out to find you, and comfort you maybe. I have been hunting high and low for you. Who'd have thought to '/ look for you all among those weeds and stones. Ah, my dear, this is a sorry night ?" 1 " How did she take it — my god- mother, I mean?" I half sobbed in my weariness, holding on to Mrs. Fox as' though she were my only :>' friend. "Don't ask," the old woman said, shaking her head sorrowfully. " You will know soon enough, my poor dearie. Come along." "Not the front way," I objected, wearily. " Take me round to the back —I cannot face my godmother to- night." ' So round to the back we went accord ingly, and like a guilty thing I crept i. up to my chamber. The servants were at supper, and l'.\ w.e met nobody. Onee in my bedroom Mrs. Fox brought up a little wine to me. I drank it gratefully, but could eat nothing. With motherly patience she saw me into bed, arranged the room for the night, and kissed my troubled face. " And could you give Mr. Roderick no other answer, my dear?" she whis pered, softly, with her honest red hand stroking my hair from my temples as' she leaned over me and peered with a sad, questioning gaze into my swollen ey es ! "No,'' I murmured, shrinking under the bedclothes — " no !" " And not by-and-byo ?" she asked, more softly still. : "Never — never.!" I cried, wildly; and the faithful old soul heaved a loud, regretful sigh as she departed, shutting tlie door noiselessly upon mo and my burthen of woes. " How will it end ?" I questioned of myself oyer and over again. "How will it end?" And the words with dull persistency beat themselves into my brain—" How will it end "? CHAPTER XIV. The morning after my meeting with Roderick Carne in the ruins I crept , down like a guilty thing to the break fast-room. The cloth was laid, and the china and the urn were on the table. The fire was bright, and the Dame's' own small copper kettle on the hearth, but the room was de- Berted, and very quiet. I perched myself on the low window-seat, and waited fearfully until somebody should enter. Presently Hester came in, prim and stolid, as was her wont, and with a sealed note in her hand. "The Dame sent me to tell you, ma'am, that she's too poorly to leave her room to-day. She thought perhaps you might be waiting break fast for her, and would wonder at her absence." Somehow I turned faint inwardly. What could be the meaning of such a message ? " And — and Mr. Came — he has taken his breakfast "already; I sup pose ? " said I, faltering as I put the question, anxious to know the truth — so terribly anxious to know the worst. "Mr. Roderick, ma'am, left last night," said Hester. " It was very late when Briggs drovo him to the station. They had to go to Col chester — there was no train from West Carne — and Briggs didn't get back till half-past 3 this morning." Hester Jennings eyed mo curiously as she said this. Had she become acquainted in any way with the true reason of her master's sudden flight ? I could not tell. Hardly, I thought, for loyal Mrs. Fox was not the person to take into her confidence her in feriors of the servants' hall. But then Hester Jennings was her niece. I' was not surprised at the informa tion. On the previous night Roderick Carne had wished mo good- bye. He had left me in a condition bordering on lethargy — I was in a condition bordering on lethargy still. "Thank you — that will do," I said to Hester; and then, as she turned to go, I called her back, recollecting the note which she-still held. "You have forgotten the note. Give it to me." "It isn't for you ma'am," she ex claimed, slowly, opening lior eyes wide. "It is for my aunt to send ofi" to Mr. Lynwood. The Dame says it's to go to Heron's Pond at once." The blood rushed over my face at the bare mention of Brian's name. So the Dame was sending for him ! What would ho, think of it all when he should come ? Would ho curso me for blighting the life of the man he loved so truly — for sending him back to per dition, when to save him was in my power? Very likely — who should say ? I could expect little mercy from Brian Lynwood, and none from Dame Cicely. Oh, what a wretched mis take had my coming to Carne Monas tery been ! "Then my godmother is able to write?" I interrogated, wearily, scarcely thinking of what I was saying. » Yes, ma'am; she is sitting in a shawl by her dressing-rooom fire. Mr, Lynwood, she told me, will call after breakfast, and is to be shown up to her the moment he comes to the house." And Hester left the room, taking the note with her. Alone once more I cried a little, and the few tears burned my eyes like fire, I had wept so much over-night. Every minute I expected to be sum moned to my godmother's dreaded presence ; but each minute only added to my suspense, and did not end it. At first I had thought Brian Lyn- wood's letter must contain a sentence of some sort. But no ; I was yet a criminal in doubt— a criminal with a doom unpronouneed. (to be continued.) 