Spring snows. Robertson and Moffat. 'Messrs. Robertson and Moffat's establishment in Bourkei-street was a scene of excitement • in every department last Tuesday, the first day of the. Spring shtfw. It was quite like old times to see the people thronging in, and it was satisfactory to notice that they had come not only to admire, but to buy, for numbers of the exhibits were ticketed " sold." Every year when the new millinery is opened we fancy it prettier, and this season it certainly is exquisite. The hats, as a rule, are not so fully trimmed, but' what there is'-'on them is arranged 'in' a very chic fashion ; black1 satin is found on nearly" every one, for this material is to be the rage this spring., The flowers are a great feature in the trimming, they aire really: lovely ' and' seen to have reached a higher stage of perfection than' ever, in fact unless they are handled it is difficult to. distinguish them from .natural blossoms. Black roses are rather outrd but fashion has decreed they are to be worn, so they'are found on many hats.' The "burnt" straw material is novel, being the colour' a white straw hat generally gets when exposed for some time to the sun's rays, so. that the.name really describes it. The style has been quite the correct thing in London and Paris, so will no doubt have its run here. One extremely stylish hat in a large shape, with the new "basin" crown, was of burnt straw, trimmed with black satin ribbon bows, one of * them being under the brim. By the bye, the trimming under the brim is a feature of the new ' spring millinery. Of course as the hat is to be worn ; on the back of the head, something of the kind is required as a finish. A large hat in a new shade of light brown, trimmed with, pale shot vieux rose velvet, and a round ostrich feather of a darker shade, and a bow under the brim, was decidedly chic. Leghorn straw promises to be much worn again, and some exquisite models were, shown in the material. One which had a leghorn brim with a black chip crown, was trimmed with fine black lace' and two upstanding black plumes, with magenta roses under the brun; another equally pretty, also having a bl.ack crown, was adorned with black satin, rosettes and a wreath of tinted roses", with a rosette '• under the brim. A remarkably smart hat'in a small shape was the Mercury ; it had a dull pink straw crown,.and, jet brim cleft in the front, trimmed with fan bows of accoi'dion pleated pink chiffon and black lace, with a full black osprey in front; a rose rested, in the cleft and on the hair at back. The. bonnets are just as charming in their way,: the models ih- jcoloured straw., trimmed to match, being bargains at .=■ a guinea. One great feature all through the millinery ;is the reasonable price, starting from one guinea. An exquisite little bonnet was of Venetian point lace with an edge of fancy jet sequins, the only trimming being a jet aigrette and tiny velvet , bow. The children's hats and bonnets are very dainty and becoming, and their pinafores and muslin frocks, lace trimmed, or with the finest ' embroidery are fairyirJike. One beautiful little pelisse was of fine muslin, which was'almost hidden by the flounces of lace on the dress and cape, and a muslin dress for, a .little girl was , exquisitely finished'ivith lace and rosettes of. white satin. A. Hweet little party dress was of pale blue surah, the yoko and deep cuffs having a trellis of narrow, ribbon, in squares, being caught where it crossed with a pearl bead. The underclothing and white ' underskirts are lovely, being exquisitely made, the. robes de nuit seeming more fit for peignoirs than for sleeping in, for they are flounced round the edge, whilst the bodioe portion is one mass of beautiful : lace. Several pretty tea- gowns were .displayed in this department. A very handsome one for a matron is of striped black satin with full front, and the puffs of the sleevoa of gold satin veiled with black medallion spotted net. For a more youthful wearer a choice design is of cream brepon-with-a narrow yellow silk stripe, made with a Watteau back and trimmed with a Ince cape falling in cascades to the waist in front, and deep frills of lace from the elbow to the wrist. There does not seem to be much change in bodices, but skirts are wider, and flounces are creeping up towards the waist. Double or treble skirts seem likely to be muoh worn; one of the latter style of fawn "hop sack" cloth has three skirts edged with Bhot green velvet and cord; the bodiue has a vest of the velvet, the revers over the shoulders being continued round tho back and under the arm, forming a peak somewhat like a zouave, which lias a smart effect i a folded collar arid belt of the velvet complete the design. A stylish little gown of an opal shade, formed by pale heliotrope and green shot material also had the three skirts, bordered with black military braid, headed|by narrow gold aord, treble oapeover shoulders; edged in same manner from either shoulder to bust j it ib buttoned with black, military buttons and gold button-holes, the tight-fitting corsage having no '' other visible fastening. There are accordion-pleated . "i or "Ciuderella" skirts in all shades, so apparently, they are to be 2a mode here as In London. A siunrt dinner dress is of narrow black ribbon and lace insertion alternately round tho figure oyer heliotrope I silk] sA* sweetly pretty evening gown is of white sois r de chine and laco insertion, in the same-style, over '' pale green, A white book-muslin dress,. with: five > narrow tilted ruches edged with lace, attracts much attention, reminding one of our mothers' youthful days; and a salmon silk, flounced to the waist with chiffon, recalls the same epoch. The " Scarboro" costumes, consisting of drill skirt and jacket to wear with blouses, are smart; they are fuller in the skirt and basque, and besides wide lappels, have capes over the shoulder of the drill of black moire or satin. Want of space prevents much notice of the splendid show of china and glass, but the shell cups and saucers and new- tinted vases are lovely, and quite inexpensive. Lovers of the artistic will be much interested in the samples of Moorish furniture, exquisitely carved, and inlaid with mother-of-pearl and ivory; the specimens consist of chairs, tables, stools and brackets. They each bear one or more mottoes in Arabic characters, those on the writing table being, on the higher part facing the writer, " Honor to Qod only," and on the front, " Father, Son and Holy Ghost." The display of sachets and cushions is also very fine. The parasols follow the dresses, and are flounced right up with chiffon or with lace and ribbon alternately. The drawn linings are new, .also those lined with <y»ibr4 silks, the colours of which are faintly reflected through the top. ' A novelty is the entirely green sunshade, more or less bright in tone, the handle matching the silk with gold mounts. The handles show many new designs, a pretty one being a small carved ivory head partly hidden under a flower, which forms the cap, and the fruit handles, prominent among which are apples and oranges. In mantles both capes and jackets are shorter, and are mostly of black satin. A pretty style of cape worn open to show a blouse, comes to just below the waist, of black satin with turned-down collar and revers edged with jet; the short shoulder cape,: and the longer one also, being edged' with the same, the lower one having a frill of lace. The transparent capes of grenadine or net with rows of satin ribbon' are decidedly pretty for summer wear, and the "Punchinello" cape, being only a full frill to. the shoulders, or the "Ruby," make a stylish finish to a toilet; A good model of the first shown by this firm is of brown satin edged with gold, with a lace collar, arid of the " Ruby" a black satin yoke, jet trimmed, edged with two frills and having • long fronts. Another smart cape is just a wide frill of satin, embroidered with jet and edged with lace. Here are many styles of beautiful opera wraps and spring jackets to admire, the newest being those of black satin with revets faced back by tan or heliotrope velvet. Among the material the ombrd cloths, shot silk crepons and crocodile cloths are the novelties. In ribbons .several new shades and the apparently accordion-pleated ombre ribbons are suitable for millinery purposes. The zephyrs and crepons suppass those of last year in finish and design, and as improvement seemed quite impossible then, this statement is the highest praise which can be accorded them. 