the professional player. . 18 always assumed that the professional piayer of a muaioal instrnment is socially = snponor to the skilled mechanic or artisan, hoXnld b" " n<> r6a80n iU th Wrld An orohestral piayer may be a neraon of msungniBhed onltnre and address ; but he 7 ay , 0 Illiterate, coarse, drunken, not orapulou8ly honest, and, in short, a person 5 8e?0itivo composers andondnctors would not employ if his meohanioHlexterity ooMd be dispensed with. 1)6 laaery respect the B p6nor 1 the rector, -but he is- just as likely to be the inferior of the keeper of the yilage shop, who does not complain particu larly about hiastatnB. Some of the more innocent of my readers may be shooked at this, and may demand of me whether a man whose occupation is to interpret Handel, Mozart, Beethoven, or even « Jaokson in B flat,' is not likely to have a more elevated soul than a buyer and seller of pots and pans. I reply, not in the least. Yon might as well ask whether a navvy, constantly employed on vast engi neering schemes, is not likely to be more large-minded than a watchmaker. Take a man with a quick ear and quiok fingers j teach him how to ploy on instra ment and to read staff-notation ; give him some band practice; and there yon have your professional,' able to do what Wagner could not have done for the life of him, but no more necessarily a musician in the wider Bense than a regimental marksman or broad sword instructor is neoessarily a general or a master of foreign policy. He need make no more distinction be tween Beethoven and Brahms 'than acom- ?ositor does between Shakespeare and ennyson : even when he has an exception ally fine sense of the difference between good and bad execution, he may not have the ghost of an idea of the differences between good and bad mnsio. . Orchestral players good enough to find constant employment in the best European orchestras, and yet with the manners, ideas, and conversation of ordinary private soldiers, are less oommon than formerly ; but., they are still contemporary faots, and not at all -anomalous ones, except to muddle-headed people who imagine that every man who' can. play a Btring of notes written down by M ozart or Baoh must have the heart and minu or mozart and Baoh.— G. B. Shaw, in the World. 