A HAUNTED PALAOE. Tbe Stockholm correspondent of the Independence Beige tells thia ghost story For a long time it has been no secret tlmt spirits haunt the royal palace in Stockholm. Years ago the king became so thoroughly convinced of the presence of ghoata thfjt he had the big wing moat frequented by them torn down and rebuilt. Bat the ghoata did not disappear when thia alteration waa made, and they still oarried on their nightly carousals. A month ago the Danish Crown Prince and his wife, while visiting the Stockholm Court, lived in the haunted palace. On the first night there waa an extraordinary manifestation. A chamberlain waa lifted from his bed by invisible hands, and waa laid on a table at the end of a bedroom furthest from the bed. On the following morning Prince Johann aakod him if he had heard the uproar in hia room. On the evening of the same day the Princess Louise waa waiting in a room brilliantly lighted. Suddenly a woman appeared, and began extinguish ing the lights. The Princess Louiae, who ia celebrated for her courage tried to lay hands on the woman, but the latter vaniahed as suddenly aa she appeared. Prince Chriatiau, the eldest son of the Crown Prince, wished late one afternoon to fetch something from a dimly.lighted room, He left his father and mother, only to return a few moments later empty-hauded, white and trembling, He said that he had found the room filled with strange flgurea, which barred hia way aad made threatening gestures, The day before his departure the Danish CrownjPfinea was playing cards with the Crown Prince of Sweden, when Prince Guatav, turning white with fear, exclaimed that a giant waa behind Prince Johann'a chair, looking at his cards. Both Princes sprang to their feet, and the giant dia appeared, Nobody in the Swedish royal family doubts the presence of the ghosts, but the subject of their appear« anceis tabooed at Court. Thousands of physicians and Analysts have certified to tho purity of WOLFE'S sounapsa, An employe of tho Tarrawingee Flax Com. pany sued tho compauy for damages for injuries no had reoeived by anunexpeotea explosion of raok-ft-rftck. He olaimed £200. The case was Bottled by the company paying £120. A girl named Stella flayuea died ftom the effeots of eating tinned sardines. Tho symp toms showed arsenical poisoning. Two other ohildren who ata of tho fiah got better, The Melbourne Tramway Company earned £104,000 leas last year than the previous year. A purgative medicine should po&Bi-sa; tonio and curative, as well as cathartic properties. Thla combination of ingredients may be found in Ayer'a Pilla. They strengthen aud Stimulate tho bowels, causing natural action. There aro 11,600,000 votora in tho United States, of whom 8,100,Qi'O aro of alien birth, And 1,600,000 aro of African descent. There are said to bo 1 GO,000 families In London living In ilnglo rooms, Two educated coloured women have com* menikd the publication of what la claimed to be the flrg$ newspaper in jtog Congo Free 