Publications Received. From Mr. George O. Martin, the Coroner ti Newcastle, we have received a copy of Eime's International Law Directory, contain- ing a list of legal practitioners in most of the principal towns in the civilised world, with a short appendix. The work is edited and com- piled by Mr. Philip Graburn Ki me, who is a resident of London, and Mr. Martin's nephew. In the first pages of the book are fonnd lists of legal practitioners in Africa, the three divisions of America, Asia, Austra- lasia, and Europe. The compiler does not profess to have supplied a complete list, and on turning to the Maitland category we find only two solicitors mentioned. Whether the selection thus made will be taken as in no way invidious to those practitioners whose names are not inserted-we quote the com- piler's preface-is a question we cannot solve But if all other information in the hook has no better pretence to accuracy than this entry about Maitland, its value is limited. A publica- tion of this kind fails considerably in usefulness if it furnish partial information. It is fair to add however that the local information, BO far as it goes, is correct. Following the category of practitioners is a list of Inter- national Commissioners for oatbB, etc., then come advertisements ; after them a tele- graphic code, and then telegraphic addresses. An appendix contains information affidavits, &c; , before whom to be taken abroad for nae in England ; appeals to the Privy Council ; Authorities and Powers of Attorney to per- sons in England to act for those abroad; documents made in England to be acted upon abroad, proof of foreign and colonial judg- ments, etc. ; grants of administration by the High Court of Justice in England to attorneys of persons abroad ; incorporation of limited companies; patents-epitome of the lawB relating to British, Foreign, and Colonial FatentB. It will be seen that a large area is covered by the work, and we "are -content to believe that, subject to the drawback already mentioned, it is calculated, to be .handy in every solicitor's and mer- chant's office. [ The May number of the Australasian Bevieio of Reviews, which we hove from the Melbourne publisher, is an unusually interesting one. The chief burden of the Australasian portion is the banhiog trouble, from the initial car- toon-a parody of Waterhouee's " Circe poiioning the Sea," and representing a hideous skeleton envenoming the ocean of Australian bank credit-to the article on Australasian finance. The " Progress of the Colonies" article embodies a brief history of the scare, but other topics are inclnded, among others an account of the death of Mr. Ballance, late Prime Minister of New Zealand, and on a later page a character sketch of the deceased statesman is supplied. The financial article already alluded to is headed " A Financial Reign of Terror." The Neto Zealand Herald \% the subject of No. IX of " Great Australasian Dailies," and portraits of editor and proprietors are given. Caricatures of the month, chiefly about the banks, conclude the part. The English por- tion is heralded with a reproduction of Mr. R. Fowler's picture of the Temptation in the Wilderness, whioh must be a most effective work, albeit the artist has presented a new interpretation of that sublime trial. The expression on the face of the Christ is that of doubt and inward conflict, of a warring with self, and this treatment of the subject has evidently been suggested by St. Paul's words-" For in that He Himself hath suf- fered being tempted, He is able to succour them that are tempted." The Evil One is shown as a shadowy figure whis- pering ia the ear of the Saviour, and a hint of His victory over Satan »'s given in the light breaking behind His sacred head. A considerable spsce is taken np in one way and another with refer- ences to the occult and supernatural. Among the reviews of Beviews we have articles summarise upon ghosts, ghost photography, and the state after death, while Mr. Stead, in a long article, entitled " On the Eve of the Fourth Dimension," narrates some marvels about telepathy or a force by which his friends ata distance communicate information to him by compelling, unconsciously to themselveB, his hand to write the matter. These phenomena he takes to be evidence of the Fourth Dimension or condition of life, the other three being length, breadth, and height. Mr. Stead writes : " In the evolution of space we are pausing from the narrow and limited condition of three dimensions into a region which will be BB much wider than the space we at pre«ent occupy as that ii to space of two dimensions consisting only of length and breadth and knowing nothing of height or depth. In the new world which opens up be- fore us life becomes infinitely more divine and miraculous than it has ever been con- ceived by the wildest flights of the imagina- tion of the poet. Many attribute«, which have hitherto been regarded as the exclusive possession of the Deity, will be shared with His creature*. The past mingles with the present, and the future unfolds its secrets. Death loses ÜB sting and parting its sadness. The limitations of time and space-three dimensional space, that is,-furl up and dis- appear. Spirit is manifested through matter, and we enter a new heaven and anew earth." These are stupendous assumptions to be founded upon an alleged communication through space of information, often a chronicle of the small beer order, and' often, as Mr. Stead con Fesses, in- accurate. Howevjr the article is interesting, if only as an evidence-of the writer's san- guine temperament. The subject of the character sketch is Mr. W. Parker Snow, an universal genius whose career has been a conspicuous failure. A sea captain, a man of letters; at one time the amanuensis of Lord Macaulay, a voluminous author, and the pioneer of many socialistic and jour- nalistic reforms, a colonist in Australia, captain of a mission ship off Cape Horn, an explorer iii the Arctic regions, a journalist in New York, a lecturer all round the world, traveller, student, reformer, mystic, clair- voyant, indexmaker, enthusiast, the champion of the oppressed, the uncompromising ad- vocad of the rights of the wronged,-such is the man Mr. Stead depicts. The Book of the Month is Pictures of the Future, by Eugen Richter, which is described as an antidote to Bellamy's Looking Sackward. To hand also are the Australian Vigneron for Jane, and the Mutual Provident Mes* senger. 