Brooklyn Entertainers. ? ? ♦ ? The Centennial Hall, South Yarra, was crowded on Wednesday evening, when the Brooklyn Entertainers gave another performance. The audience throughout the entertainment were lavish in their ap plause, the programme proving an attrac tive one. The Brooklyns, of course, are amateurs, and hete it can be truth ?Fnllv nccAvtpd tlint tliA fp.rm mnrfl flRnfiniallv applies to the pianist, but an amateur, if he possesses the talent, is bound to assert himself (or herself) provided opportunity is afforded. Therefore, if. the company wish to add fresh laurels to those already won, they will require to obtain the services of instrumentalists more in keeping with the occasion. During the rendering of several of the ballads it was noticeable that music and singer were not in harmony, an.i in some instances an utter disregard was shown as to time. The first part of the programme included a number of amusing minstrel items, and in this line of business George Levick is ' very all right,' George is looked upon as the Brooklyns' shining star, and he is fully entitled to the honor. In Dick Mann the company possess a genuine artist at cracking a joke or mak ing a pun, while as a comic singer Fred Cochran can be classed as being ' well adapted for the purpose.' Monty Bilton, another burnt-corkite, makes up a very serviceable quartette of corner men. The piogramme was as follows : — Part 1. — Overture, ' La Brooklyn,' company ; bal lad, ' Little Darling, Dreain of Me,' Mr R. Boyd ; song fcomic), 'The Lady Killer,' Fred Cockran ; ballad, ' Gently Tapping at My Window,' Mr D. White ; song (comic) ' All Gone,' Dick Mann ; ballad, ' Four Jolly Smiths,' Mr Wallie Brittain ; song (comic), ' Bye and Bve,' Monty Bilton ; ballad' Only to see Her Face,' Mr W. Hiilme ; comic medley (ananged by Mr C. G. Mackintosh), Geo. B. Levick ; finale, ' Dr Carved-up,' in which the antics of Levick and Cochran were highly amusing. Part 2 — Overture, Mr Mackintosh ; comic sketch, ' Ghosts,' Messrs Levick, Mann and Boyd ; pyramid act, members of Southern Cross Gymnastic Co. ; ballad, ' The Fi«ber Boy,' Master E. Brown ; coster song, 'Our Little Nipper,' Fied Cockran ; descriptive song, ' As in a Looking Glass,' Mr P. Wal lace ; song and dance, Mr Fred Bluett ; burlesque skating act, Mr J. Brittain ; club swinging, Mr E. Burrows. The en tertainment concluded with a laughable farce entitled ' The Tailor's Dummies,' the leading characters being taken by Dick Mann and Monty Bilton. Wallie Brittain, as interlocutor, was fairly successful, but it would have been an improvement if his voice had been set to a higher key. The musical director, Mr G. C. Mackintosh, being a young man, has plenty of time before bim to become thoroughly efficient. The B.E.'s have in Mr D. Scullien a most competes t business manager, and much of the success achieved haB been owing to hiVftnhnrgipinn. ~ ? ? .a-V 