[?] [?] ! IT HMD J I M4CPEERS0B. E I By Angelo Lewis. m QU> and I. " You have an uncommonly cosy flen here, Armstrong," Bald my friend Maepherson, as he turned his chair to the fire. "And this is a capital weed. Just one thing more, and our Elysium would be complete." " And what may that be r l inquired. A battle of that wonderful old Madeira your pater used to bring out on high days ana holidays. But I suppose that's all gone long sinoe." "Not quite, I fancy. I brought the re mainder of the governor's wine with me when I came here, and I'm pretty sure there was a dozen or so of the old Madeira. I can't say whereabouts in the cellar it lira, but if you'll come down aud bold a candle for me, I'll see if I can lay my hand upon a bottle." " Agreed, nem. con. I'd hold a candle to a much blacker personage than yourself upon such an inducement." The time was about eight o'clock on a December evening. The place, my private sittingroom on the first floor of the Whittle- bury Bank, of which I had been appointed manager some two years previously. Diok Maepherson, my visitor, was an old school fellow, who had just oompleted a three years' term of service as surgeon on H.M.S. Orion, and pending his appointment to another ship, had come down to spend a week or two with me at WMttlebury. Dick was a character in his way. He was accus tomed to describe himself as a thoroughbred moncrel— half Scotch, half Irish ; half sailor. half surgeon. Though still yonng, being barely thirty, he was not only exceptionally skilful in his own profession, bat had a useful amateur knowledge of several others. He was a clever mechanic, and his know ledge of chemistry, like Sam Weller's of London, was " extensive aud pecu liar." His special hobby, however, was electricity, which he maintained to be not only the light and the power but the medi cine of the future, aud he was never so happy as when devising new uses for it. He had been greatly disgusted, on his arrival, to find that the bank was unprovided with electric bells, and gave me no peace until I consented to let him supply the deficiency. In vain I represented to him "that electricity ' was anninknown force iu Whittiebury. He retorted that in such case the bank, as representing finance, thrift and other com mercial virtues, was the more bound to set an example in the right direction ; and already, in one corner of my sitting-room, lay a collection of bells, batteries, wires and pushes, to be used in the execution of the work. The building, I may here state, had not been originally erected for a bank, bat was an old-fashioned private house, which had been adapted to that purpose. The base ment consisted of four roomy vaults, ori ginally intended as cellars. Three of them, indeed, were still used for that purpose : one for coals, one for my private store of wine, and one as a receptacle for lumber; while the fourth, had been converted into a " strong room." The walls and floor of the " strong room" were lined with concrete ; the arch of the vault eased with boiler plates, and the wooden dcor replaced by a double door of wrought iron, secured by combination locks. Within stood a couple of strong sates — one large, one small— of the most approved con struction. The only daylight admitted to the vault found its way through four circular pieces of tMck glass, each 6in. iu diameter, let into the flooring of the room above (my nrivate offioel. and the onlv aaaesa to tho basement, including the strong room, was by spiral iron stairs leading from the same room. The ground floor consisted of. two rooms only, the larger being the public office of the bank, the other my private office, above men tioned. The latter was a small room at the rear of the building, and had originally been a kitchen. When, however, the house was adapted to its present purpose, the kitchen had been transferred to the topmost floor, where also were the apartments of the care taker — a sturdy Irishman named O'Grady — and his wife. There were three rooms on the intermediate floor ; two being bedrooms, and the third the room in which we were seated on the evening of my story. I lighted a candle, mid we made our way downstairs to the cellar. After some little search, we came upon a Inn which I found to contain the last survivors of the famous Madeira. I took out a bottle, and was just closing the cellar door, when a strange sound struck my ear. First came two or three strokes, as of a hammer, but dull, as if the striking implement was muffled in some way ; then the " Bcrunch " of a chisel ; finally a dropping sound, Us of falling mortar. With a warning glance at Macphersoa, I opened the door of the strong room adjoining, and . silently stepped inside. The sounds were here more distinctly audible ; and we oould fix with tolerable certainty the spot from which they proceeded, wMch was the lower part of the left-hand walL Closing the door, I led the way up ttie spiral stairs into my private office. " What do you make of that, Mac?" I said, as I placed the bottle on tine table. "Judging by the sound, I should say someone was chipping a hole through the wall, presumably to rob the bank," replied Maopnexscn. - - .. "That is precisely my own impression. What a stroke of luck that you should have chanced to ««lr for that bottle of Madeira. Well, forewarned is forearmed ; we shall be ready for them. I'll just go and get my revolver, and then I'll mount guard, white you go hud fetch the pcfiice." Maepherson looked at me thoughtfully. 11 Excuse me, old man, but wouldn't that be a little bit premature ? In the first place, It it is just possible that the sound we have heard is capable of some innocent interpre tation, and we may get laughed at for raising a false alarm. In the second place, if our underground friend is a burglar, wouldn't it be as well to let him the ease a little nlfarfff agnanqfr. himanlf ? I don't knOW what thickness of wall he has to tackle, but judging by the look of the material, and the very «m«ll quantity of stuff that seems to fall after each blow, I should fancy he had still a longish job before him." " That's true enough. That wall is 18in. thick, and of the toughest concrete made. Of course, we don't know how long the gentle man on the other ride has been pegging away at it, but judging from the sound, he has a good deal to do yet." " Then we need not decide anything in a hurry. Pull that cork, Gooff, and we'll see if we can't devisa some sort of trap for him. There's nothing like a glass of good wine to help the imagination." I drew the cork and fetched a glass from the cupboard. "Help yourself, Dick, but a you must excuse my joining you. Nothing ' stronger than water will pass my lips till this matter is over." " Every man to his taste," replied Dick, ! holding the wine critically between himainff . and the light, then ripping it with reveren- j tial gusto. " I work best on this sort of thing. Now to return to the business in hand. I would much rather capture gentleman, if we can, without calling in the police till we are ready to hand him over to them." " So would I, if I were under no personal responsibility. But suppose our plans failed ana me oanx was roooea : a pretty mess l should be iu." "No doubt you would. And if, therefore, at any moment you cease to have perfect con fidence in our defensive arrangements, by all means oall in the police at once. But I don't think you will need them. You agree with me that there is no fear of an entrance being effected to-night?" " Not the slightest, I should eay. It is mere speculation, of course, but I abnnl/l think the burglar has a full week's work be fore him." " Good. Then let us see, in the first place, whether we can fix any probable time for the final attack. Is the bank particularly rich just now?" " On the contrary, just now the in hand is lower than usual. But next Monday is quarter-day, and for some days after we shall have an exceptionally large in hand, as a number of rents and other ac counts are paid in about that time.'' " Then if, as we may assume, our under ground friend knows Mb business, he will endeavor to get In about a week hence. By the way, who is your neighbor on that ride ? " A French gentleman, the Count de la Roche. But, good heavens ! the Count can't have anything to do with it. "Why, he has five hundred pounds in the bank at this moment." " That Bounds respectable, but it is not conclusive. I am glad to hear it, though, for in that case we are pretty sure to have warning of the attack. _ When the Count draws out Ms five hundred pounds we may reckon that he has got pretty nearly tJirough the wall." " I don't quite follow your logic." "It is clear enough. It is not worth any man's while to steal his own money ; if he made the attempt, and failed, he ir%y have trouble in getting it afterwards. if the Count is the culprit, he will draw j out just before the attempt is made." "But why should he have deposited it at all?' " Doubtless, to disarm suspicion. But we need not take it for granted that the Count is the man. It may be some other inmate of Ms household. What sort of a man is ty " A thorough Frenchman, dark, short and stout, with a pinched- in waist, and smaU hands and feet. Very polite and compli. mentary. Smokes a very expensive brand of cigars, which are got down from London on purpose for him. Dresses smartly, and fa never without a flower in his button-hole." " How long has he been here ?" " About three months, as near as I can re- collect. Yes, he opened his account withg on the 1st of October, and he had then been in the town some three or four days. He told me that he desired to open a drawing account as a temporary accommodation, and that he should alwayB keep a good balance. Under such circumstances I accepted him without hesitation." " And what family has he ?" " His h OIlSI»h.r»l d nnnmnta nf Inc «!f. good-looking, rather over -dressed woman who speaks no English, and a foreign set' vant called Antoine. An old woman be longing to the town assists in the housework but she does not sleep iu the house. Antoine is cook , butter mid general factotum. " " What is Antoine like ?" " I should take him to be a native of the South of France. He is very dark, withcriap Mack hair, coming low down over his fori head, and think red. ears, with gold rings in them. Smells of garlic, and smokes cigarettes all day long." " A very good fancy portrait of a French foroat. But one can't go much by descrip tion. We shall know Antoine better by-and- bye, no doubt. In the meantime, the first thing to do is to make sure that nobody effects an entry without our knowledge." " How do you propose to prevent it " That is an easy matter. I shall rig up an electric alarm across the pieoe of wall they are working on- The plant provided for oar bell-hanging arrangements will be jnstthe thing. If you will lend me a hand, I will have it fixed iu no time." We set to work accordingly. Oar first task was to fix two bells, one in my private office and the other in my bedroom, and to carry wires from them to the strong room. So far, we were able to work at our ease, and to converse when necessary. Now, however, we had to deal with the very wall behind which the concealed workman was engaged in Wis felonious tank. Still, with unfailing re gularity, came, first, the tap, tap of the mallet, then the scrunch of the chisel, and the tell of the displaced material. As we could hear him so plainly, it was conceivable that he might hear us also, and we therefore bad to work in absolute silence. I held the candle while Maepherson attached with sealing-wax a number of Bilk threads, crossing the wall in various directions, and connected in some way, which I was not electrician enough to appreciate, with the wires of the bells. Afrprhalfftn hrvnr of this WOlk. MacpheT" son gave me a nod of satisfaction, indicating that all was complete ; and we returned to the office above. " Thank goodness, that's over V\ I " Now, will you kindly explain how it worn I thought silk was a non-conductor." "So it is." he replied. " The principri lfl just this. No part of that wall can be dis placed without making a pull upon one or other of those threads. The moment tflM happens. is completed median oalryand the bell rings. I?s not easy to ex plain, save cm the spot, but IU guarantee that it works all right. By Jove, it is hau- past twelve. Fll have just one more gwss « the Madeira, and then to bed, to think ous my plan for catching the thieves." We retired to rest, but I for my part oould not sleep. At half-past two I got UP» ft?_ partially dressing myself, stole dowiistaOT and paid a visit of inspection to the Song room. All was quiet, ttie midnight exoavaw having apparently suspended his labors i the night. Thus satisfied that therewas , immediate daneer, I returned to my beoj a11 slept soundly till daylight. Maepherson met me at the breakfast ta with a triumphant air. " My plaa ® plete," he said. " Electricity will tell aj when our thieves break through the wau» . chemistry shall capture them for us; you overhear of the Grotta del Caner The name sounds familiar. So®® in Italy, isn't it?" "The Grotta del Cane is a cavern nW Naples, the soil of which generates dioxide, commonly called oarbonic M® This gas, being heavier than air, does Jio , perse, hut lies at the bottom of the ' depth of a couple of feet or so. If a dog Into the cavern he heco® , asphyxiated. A-mancanwafaribODpV, ; without danger, bat if he were to kneel i tf i "I STOLE DOWNSTAIB6." Tbelow the evel of toe gas, he would £ asphyxiated in like manner.'; . - <« verv interesting from a scientific point 0f But I don't see the oonnection wito bl? ' ' I propose to tarn your gfrong-room into an artificial Grotta del Muoh obliged to you, I'm sure. And onffosate our chief casMer or myself toe first Lie we go into the room !" jf0t at all. The gas will not be gene-' fated till the tMeves are actually in the S-roDg-room. To operate upon the safes, thev must of necessity work at a low level. rThe gas will rise by degrees as the bottom of the cellar fills. Their only warning will be a slight difficulty in breathing, whioh (if they notice it) they will put down to the oloae- faess of the vault. A little later they will find that they can't breathe at all, but by Sat time it will be too late, and they will jail insensible." w J "Good heavens! you would not kill' them?" . .. ? "No; my intentions are not quite so bloodthirsty as that. We shall lug them out and bring them to life again by one or other ; of the artificial respiration processes. First, however, we shall call in a policeman or two to look after them during convalescence." < ' And where is the gas to come from P' < < That's very plain sailing; I shall generate it when wanted, pro re nata, as we doctors gay. In the first place, I shallrcover the floor ; of the strong room, to a depth of two or three inches, with a mixture of sawdust and ordinary washing soda, which is a coarse form of sodium bicarbonate. I suppose you can get me half a hundredweight without any difficulty?" «<I daresay I oould, but it is a queer order for a bachelor to give. My oilman will think I am going to do my own wash ing." " Neyer mind what your oilman thinks ! Then 1 shall want half a gallon or so of rough sulphuric acid, commonly known as oil of vitriol. Lastly, an empty beer or wine cask to hold the diluted acid, and a few yards of soft metal tubing, such as gasfitters use. This tubing, first punctured freely with hides, will be embedded in the soda and oonnected with the barrel. At the right moment we turn on ihe diluted acid, and the strongroom will be half full of carbonic acid gas in ten minute?." " But if you mix an acid and an alkali, won't there be a warning fizz ?" " Very little. The sound you hear oa mixing a eeidlitz powder is mainly caused by the small area within which the efferves cence is confined. In an open space, like the floor of a cellar, it will be barely perceptible, and I shall further diminish it by sifting fine earth all over the soda, wMch vnll make all look ship-shape, while it won't interfere in the least with the chemical process. The Sawdust mixed with the soda is to prevent the gas being germinated too rapidly." " You seem to have worked out your scheme pretty minutely." " I have, to the smallest detail. I laid awake half the night thinking it out. The only risky element will be getting1 the rascal (or rascals) ont of the strong room after wards. Carbon dioxide is no respecter of persons, and will knock us over as readily as a bank burglar. However, by using due oantion, and holding our breaths while we have to stoop, we may venture in far enough to slip a cord round the body of each fellow, and then we can drag him out from a safe distance." I was carried away by Macpherson's en thusiasm, and after a little further conversa tion I agreed, though somewhat against my better judgment, to let him try his plan. He set to work at once, and before midnight of the same day his arrangements were com pleted. The sulphuric acid, diluted wito water to four gallons, and contained in an old wine cask, was placed in a cupboard in my private office. The tap communicated with an iodiarubber tube, and this wito sundry lengths of composition pipe, perforated at intervals, which were lying, embedded in soda and sawdust, on the floor of the strong room. Above this was sprinkled a layer of 1? restoring the floor to its ordinary cellar-like appearance. The mysterious knocking was resumed from 8 o'clock to 1 a.m., but the operator did not seem to make any perceptible advance. H. passed without any change of the situation, save that the sound of the excava- tions in the cellar became daily more audible. intervening wall was grow ing thinner. By careful observation of the sound we satisfied ourselves that the con cealed operator was working at a space of wail gome two feet square, probably intend ing, when this was sufficiently reduced in substance, forcibly to break away the thin remaining partition. iev£nth daL however, I had a ,m Jhe Count. He had that morning crack Ft-a r.om his son, a Captain in a hail h , Regiment. Ce cher Alphonse inset to tP yM!S baccarat, it seemed, and to withii S fses Count was compelled to tew!'!1 moment thewhoC of his Would h 111 V hands of the bank, though it tanppfl / kced a few days later by remit- j- . from other sources. accourof068, cle5k,to how toe Count's ascertain pdl' balance having been and dflnprf' je 1L?w,a hcque for the amount tfcefen?" ted wito the money. "The plot limof tL B-ai5 MacPherson, when I told probability J grand coup is in ail ty y or to-night." haddbldtCacc0dingly So soon as we office On G nP .ar position in my the hull's Pr®p€ehig was to cover up might 6 hi nl +8vln toe floor, that no light Mcpherson vauit beneath, electric alam? frt tbe clapper of the beyond a ; a should give no sound own attenuf sufficient to call our heard bevnnd +i, not loud enough to be We wore f«l 1 rm 1x1 which we were, might hA «« slippers, that our footsteps KLg » / bIwed a tad oa to keep us wakeful, tad Bozne lenotv. 7 a coupM of revolvers, hind our exn.8 sash-line wherewith to h>ld to ®aPfcives O'Grady was" to 11£ m readiness to come ®gnal. tently on receiving an agreed Preparations made, we eat down to -bMntt&s; ocKsasibhdffiafiujmeun easy victim, i coutd not keep my thoughts from wandering to the possible Issues of the coming struggie. If aU went welL I had J® J14"6 to gain ; whereas if— (anawml " if" that) — Macpherson's plan broke down; fend the attempt at robbery succeeded, my career ' Jynk manager would be utterly .blasted. At this moment I must own I heartily re gretted that I had allowed myself to be drawn Into so Quixotic an enterprise, when I might have saved myself aU anxiety by placing the matter in toe hands oi the proper guardians of the peace, or simply reporting it to the direotors. MacphersoB , on the contrary, appeared to be troubled by no misgivings, and played even better than usual. " ho said, when I suggested the possibility of suoh an event — " we can't fail ; any more than I can fail to win tfria game, which I undertake to do in four moves. Check 1" I made the best fight I could, but in four moves I was checkmated. ' I was nettled at my defeat, and deter mined that he should not again win so easy a victory. With a strong effort of will, I concentrated my whole attention on toe game, and thenceforth played as coolly as though tap hidden enemy were a hundred miles away. We played on with varying fortune till about eleven, when the faint "ting" of toe electric alarm, followed by u heavy thud iu the vault beneath, warned us taalr the burglars had made good their entrance. With a meaning glance at me, Macphersou lighted a night- light, whioh stood carefully screened in one corner, and then extinguished the lamp, leaving Hie room in a dim twilight, just sufficient to enable us to move about. He then removed the cover from one of toe bull's - eyes in the floor, from which a view could be obtained of the portion of the vault where we anticipated that toe entrance would be effected. A broad ray of tight oame up through the bull's-eye. Going on our knees we could see that an oblong slab, tike the panel of a door, had been forced from the wall, and lay in fragments on toe floor beneath. In the vault itood Antoine with Ms back towards us, while through the black opening left by the missing masonry some other person, whom we conjectured to be the Count, was handing crowbars, wedges, and other burglarious- looking implements. When all 'were handed in, the person on toe other side began to creep through, the opening, but to our astonishment it was not the plump figure of the Count that appeared, hut that of . a muoh younger and slighter man, with fair, close-cropped hair. We looked at each other in perplexity. Suddenly the truth flashed uponme. Madame, without her wig!" I whispered. Again ahead appeared at ihe opening, and, aided by his friends, the Count scrambled through, though with difficulty, for Ms broad shoulders all but stuck in the narrow opening. The burglars now pro ceeded, by some method which was not quite clear to me, to fix sconces, holding lighted candles to various parts of the walL They made a rapid examination of the two safes, and then, without farther loss of time, the Count and Antoine set to -work on the door of the larger, while the third man began like operations on the smaller. So soon as they were fairly at work, Mac phersou crossed the room containing the diluted sulphuric acid, and turned on the tap, after which he retained to his post of ob servation by my side. "Keep your eye on that fellow working at toe bottom of the smaller safe. He is nearer the floor. The gas will reach him before it touches either of the other two." I watched, scaroely venturing to breathe, such was the intensity of my excitement. Someten or twelve minutes passed, and I began to fear Macpherson's plan was a failure, when the manhe had in dicated dropped toe tool he was using ; and after swaying from side to side tor a moment, . fell forward on Ms face insensible. His fall did not for the moment attract toe attention of his comrades, busy as they were in their own share of the work. Presently, however, as the atmosphere became more and more vitiated, the candle lowest in position began to burn less brightly, and at last the failure of light became so marked that the Count," who was working at the upper part of toe larger safe, turned round and looted at the oandles wito a puzzled air ; finally snuffing them, wito Ms fingers, as if hoping to cure the defect in that way. \- Finding that his expedient had not toe desired effect, he turned round again, ap parently to consult his colleagues. Moan- while, however, the noxious gas had reached the level at which Antoine was working, and wito a brief convulsive fight for breath, he threw up his arms, and fell senseless like toe first victim. Never-had I seen such an ex pression of terror as came over the face of the so-called Count, as he gazed on the bodies of his fallen accomplices. Already alarmed by the burning blue of the candles, it seemed to frim, no doubt, that his companions had been struck down by some supernatural power. Panic-stricken, he made a rush for the hole in the wall, but it was too late. In the midst of his struggles to escape, toe deadly gas overtook Mm, and he, too, fell back in sensible. "Not a bad night's work," said Macpher- son, aloud, as he rose from his knees and pro ceeded to stop the flow of toe acid. " Now we will ring for O'Grady, and then #e must make all haste to lug the fellows out of that room. I did not bargain for three of them, and every minute the gas becomes more deadly. Remember what I told you. Venture in only just far enough to get a rope round your man, and hold your breath while you stoop to do it." "O'Grady," Isaid, "burglars have broken into the strong room, and I want you to fetch the police." , " Bur-r-r- glare, is it?" replied O Grady, peeping down through one of the bull's-eyes. One or two of- the candles happened to have been fixed above the level which -the gas -had reached, and these still burned brightly, though the rest had long since gone out. "Ghost of Moses ! but they're all dead cor-r-r-rpses !" " Not yet," said Maopherson, " but they soon wiil be, unless we get them out pretty quickly." . "But how the blazes did ye Mil them? Oh, sure, ltssome,of toem ilicteio divffments of Mister Macpherson's." " Never mind that now, man ; hurry for the police, and you shall know all about it afterwards." \- -k , Fortunately the police-station was only jusc over the way. O'Grady started, leav ing the door open behind him, ana in a few minutes was back again, with a ser geant and two constables. Meanwhile, Maepherson and myself had opened the strong room, and with some difficulty had succeeded in getting out the man nearest the door, who happened to be Antoine. " Shall we tie his hands ?" I inquired. "Never mind that now," replied Maepher son. " He's safe enough for the time ; and meanwhile the gas is spreading. Give me the rope again, and stand ready to pull." I handed him the rope, in which we had mad a loop about three feet in length. Care fully holding his breath he slipped this- over the body of the next man (the sham Countess de la Roche), and by hauling on the cord we managed to pull him through the door way. What O'Grady had told the sergeant I can not say, but toe puzzled look on his face, as he flashed his bull's-eye on the forms of the two men lying in the passage- way outside tiie strong room, was most comical. " What's this, gentlemen — murder?" he inquired, looking from me to Maepherson as if uncertain which of us to "run in." " Only burglary, at present, Mr Jackson," I replied; "and there are two of toe burglars for you. The other is still in toe strong room,, and we shall be .glad of your help to get Mm out." " That" 8 soon done," said the officer, pre paring to enter. . "Stop a bit," interrupted Maepherson; " it's not quite so easy as it looks. That room is filled breast-high wito a poisonous gas, which has knocked over those fellows as you see them In the upper part of the room, where those oandles are burning, the air is pure enough, hut below that level it is suffocating. Our best plan will be to walk in and stand three on each side of Hie fellow. I will call 'one, two, three!' at the word ' two,' each must dip down and lay hold of him, and at ' three lift Mm up and carry Mm out, but don't breathe while you are stooping, or you will be knocked over as he is. Come along, O'Grady," for O'Grady, though plucky enough In a general way, had begun to back towards the stairs, with, every appearance of tenor. " Is it in there, along with thim ilictric divils? Bcdad, I'll lave that to my betthecs. The -climate's too on wholesome for the likes o' Tim-O'Grady." There was no time to argue the point. The remainder of the party marched into the strongroom, and following the directions of Maepherson, we succeeded in getting out the remaining burglar. "Why, good gracious," exclaimed the superintendent, " it's the Count !" "Yes," Isaid, "the Count, and Antoine, and Madame ; all three of them." " It's a big haul," said toe sergeant, " and such blackguards deserve all they get. But I'm afraid you gentlemen will get into trouble for killing them." "No fear of that," said Maepherson. "Just getthem across to the lock-up, and m come and bring them to life again. Will you come over and see the fun, Armstrong ? It won't take more than half an hour or so." " Thanks, old fellow, but not with that hole in the wall. I think I had better remain on the bank premises." " And I'll send a couple of men to look after the house next door," said the ser geant. The three insensible men were removed on ' stretchers : a grim procession. Maepherson : followed them to the police-station, but iu- ' stead of toe anticipated half-hour, it was ' more than three hours before he returned, and ' he looked completely exhausted. " I have ' had an awful fright, he said " The other j blackguards came round in twenty minutes or so ; but the young one, the sham madame, I really thonght he was done for. He had a longer dose of the gas than the other two, and it was just touch and go wito him. All's well that ends well, and it's been an extremely interesting experiment from a scientific point of view, but I really think, the next time I want to capture a burglar, I shall drop science and call iu toe police to collar him." WMch is decidedly my own intention. — " The Strand Magazine.'' 