AN INSCRUTABLE MYSTERY. BT ESIVIE STUART. Author of " ji His Grasp," " Joan Vellacott,' ' Kestel of Grej bione,' <Sx, CHAPTER XI. Tbe etiikiup of the old Cathedral cluck roused me at last. I mechanically counted twelve strokes, iih if my lib depended on this oocnp&tion.; I stared blankly at the flickering light of the candle, and with each new effort of will I felt mure capablc of realizing what a fool 1 had been, and what results had followed my ttupid interference. Had I iiiindtd my -own affairs, by this time I should cartainly have forgotten Hilda's first appearance, or .only remembered it as a strange event which waa none of my business. Now it was otherwise ! As tbe last stroke of the clock died away I rose up, and without further examination I retraced my steps through the deserted rooms, passed through the pasaage, closing the ' door after me, and found myself once more in Ciwfiek Bloodworth's library. Here I paused —I felt I oould breatlie, could think a little. • -Hilda was gone—that lovely girl, so simple, so innooent, out around whom such a strange web had been woven that her whole life was a mystery. Gone! But it was really ridiculous. She could not have gone far—the Oloie was bo private, so enclosed, that every one who came in and out at night must be known. Thus thinking, I mechanically walked out of tbe robm into the passage, and, treading softly, I reached tbe front door. It appeared to me as if I were m a doomed house; as iE murder, ^with its hideous skeleton jaws, was by my •' aide, as if evil demons surrounded me, and tbat I must get away at once. Mechanically -again X undid tbe bolts and slipped out into the nieLt air. I looked at the opposite house. Mrs. Skeel's abode was dark and silent, all > 'the lights had been put out; but there was a -clouded moon that shed a faint light on the old gables and threw the old Cathedral into .weird relief. I shut the door behind me, forgetting that I bad no latch-key in my pocket, and stood at -the- bottom of the steps listening for I know mot what sound, and hearing nothing but the mnimoring of the river on the other side of the Ferry house. I took a few steps and looked down the path leading to the water. • , Beneath the arch tbe iron gate was closed. Koone wished to be ferried across this evening.- The lapping water made me shiver, and Without knowing the reason, I experienced a curious sensation of being altogether demoralized and unable to resolve upon any plan of action. ' At this moment I beard the sound of footsteps. They wore quick, manly steps, and the feeling that some other human being was near to me helped to restore me to a more normal •condition of mind. In another moment I saw a figure approaching me, but I did not recognise Reginald -Ashton till he was dose by me. "Htdloa !" \- be said, in such a cheerful voice that half my strange fancies were dispelled. "Halloa! •star gazing, .Dighton, or have you been at some nocturnal caronsef By the tone of his voioe I saw that that last accusation was the troth about himself; though not really much the . wor%e for drink, he was in a decidedly cheerful mood. Bnsb, don't t»Ik so loud." I said, seizing .- :hi» arm ; "listen! can you attend ? Can you give your mi nd to a eerioas question ? I have no one to turn to. I want your help." . This sudden jjecision on my part was the 'reeolt of overstrained nerves. * I felt I must jtell some oie of my perplexity, otherwise I Jnrat ran away from this haunted place. Aahton was at once sympathetic; there was much real kindness and generosity behind his devil-may- care manner. . - "Good heavens I What's up? Garrick Blood worth committed murder or turned you out of doora, or ? Oat with it Dighton ! i But first—it's rather cold here; can't we turn in anywhere i I have been having a free-.and- •easy evening with a few friendB in the town, «ad-as the governor doesn't approve of late fcotns I thought I wonld come through the Close and Bee jf I could knock np that rascally •Jacobs; it saves twenty minutes. I can punt •myself > across if he will only open the gate. Bat I am forgetting what is tbe matter with . \- yon.- . And can't you let me in, or will that mysterious Garrick Blood worth refuse me en- • trance?' . "Mr. Bloodworth is away. I have just \- walked out and shut the door behind me, for- \- getting that' I had not my latchkey, and I • -wonld rather not ring np old Hodson, at least "till " '""Come home with me, then; I can put you np, and yon must find some excuse.'' I shook my bead. " Walk roand the Close «rith me, Ashton, and though I feel as if I tad no business to reveal my uncle's secret to vou, yet l nrast ask some one's advice, and I . ICBDW BO one here but yon.' I dare not ask you (o come in, Mr. Bloodworth is so averse to vtrangera entering hu house." "finmph ! Well, out with it, and if the ^governor turns-crusty yonll come and own up ihat I was only walking with you, I hope?" Yes, anything you like; but I must speak —only ftire me your word of honour to'keep my eecret." He did so, and I drew him away from the haute, and taking a. turn which led o nnd the old Cloisters, I told him everything. He listened in silence, too much engrossed to offer any comfort or advioe till 1 paused, and then his remark surprised me. : "Look here, Dighton; this is a qneer business, awfully quee*. I don't know what to think of it—except—yes, one thing is clear. You remember the river lady? Well, I bet -anythirg she is the same. But who oould have guessed it? And another thing—old Betty's ghosts and Mrs. Skeel's are now explained. Tbe light in the young lady's chamber is the 'light which puzzled her." " I dare say: but what I want to know is where is sbe now, why has Sir. Bloodworth removed her, and what are bis reasons for this temhtoinystCTy?" Aehtcn whistled softly, and at that moment tbe ihoon ehone out and revealed the old grave • stones,'like ghosts in rows, waiting for a word * of command to begin in a nocturnal dance. JSnddenly Aehton paused and faced me. ."Look here, Dighton, it is as plain &s; daylight. Blaod worth has found' out that you ' know, and be has kindly taken temptation out .of your way." ''Impossible j he would have told me." ""Not be; yon don't yet understand; he is no ordinary man. From what yon tell me, I . see that there is something very much the reverse of aboveboard about the whole business. \- A detective would clear np the secret in'a week." ." No, no ; you cannot imagine that possible if you talk, even for five minutes, with him. There is a tecret, of course; but when we know it, if we ever do; it will be all to his •credit." " You think so ?" "Yea, I am sure of it; and to prove it I -must tell you about bis kindness concerning the Van Vestrants." "But be wanted yon to marry this girl — why? .. .*• It would have been immensely to my advantage., Remember, I have nothing but my talent, and talent is too common in these days/' "To your ad vantage—not to his?" " How could it be ? The girl and her money would have belonged to me." " 1 with I had tbe chanoe." " I wish yon had !" I laughed, in spite of my troubles. "But you have set your affections on the one who is evidently not for yoa. He knows it, believe me, and you may as well give her apj" "It is fcimply this, Ashton—I can t; I have never been in love before, I never thought I oould be; but I feel as if I would willingly resign her if by S3 doing I could get her away from such an existence. She seems to me to have been kept away from all the beauty and the goodness of life, to be " I paused, doubtful if A&hton; could understand my feelings, and a little ashamed of my rhapsody. " You forget that I have seen her, and that X also thought her tbe most beautiful girl I have cast eves on; and, by the way, Dighton, Do yon realize that you have asked a rival to help yon "I don't care; I care more about her than myself. Imagine what you would feel if she were your sister—brought up in luxury, it is true; but "alone, with no ideas of true life; her cbief companion a deaf and dumb servant, and her only teacher a man—a relation, douotlees, but still " "If she were my sister I would long ago have ' taken Gamck Bloodworth by the throat and . .(demanded an explanation.* ?'If yon knew him you would not say • '"Well, look hern, wa can't stay here all sight. Let me call np old Jacob ami question bim. Yon say she cannot have been gone ' more than twenty-four hours. If she is not a purely brain-creation sbe must have seen some , one, some one must have seen her; she must be somewhere. Come, if she is out of the -Close, old Jaoob must have seen her, and, anyhow, I must get home." "Don't betray me," I said, shaking hi) 'hand. " It seems to me that Garriok Bloodworth has bewitched yon, Dighton. Come, man, don't shirk it; be open with him and see what he will say." "And he wiD toll me to mind my basinets, and reproach me with ingratitude. You cannot imagine bow kind be has been to me." "Come," be said, and I obeyed. As we turned once more into the water Close, I looked -towards my uncle's boose. At that moment the stillnetB of the nigbt waa broken by the damming- of a door. I stopped short, and jaaid. " Ashton, did yoa hear ? Garriok Bloodworth hat come borne." 