OUR SYDNEY LETTER. (from our own correspondent. ) Tuesday night's indignation mooting at the Protestant Itall was the mightiest thing of its kind that we have had in Sydney for a very long time ; larger than the gathering that assembled when congratulations to Grovcr Cleveland were being fixed up. And while I am on the subject of that meeting it iniiv bo. us wnll to sav that a irood manv people besides protectionists wonder audibly whether a reply has been received to the wire sent, and if so what was the nature of it. On this subject a silence that can be felt is observed by those who know. This must mean that the President clect has completely ignored the congratulations of New South Wales, as represented by that particular meeting, or has scut a reply which it is thought inadvisable to publish. The former is not likely to be the case. As to tlio latter hypothesis, if true it docs not mean anything that freetraders here need feel uneasy about. Cleveland is personally an out-and-out free trader. He would abolish all protective duties if lie could in accordance with the latest platform of the party he represents. But he cannot do it all at once, and it might ! be anything but wise to send here a message sure to be published in the States, accepting all th:it was implied in the one forwarded to him, even he were going to make the attempt. But this I know by letters received by last mail from uncompromising freetraders in San Francisco, Washington, Chicago, New York, and Boston : it is regarded as ccrtain that the wool duties, the tin plate duties, and the steel rail duties will be abolished utterly, and the whole protective tariff cut 1 down to where it was before Major McKin ley's measure became law, and all this with- j in a very few months. That will be some thing substantial for a beginning. XT^fMnr, \Q fr,,. all AmnvipiUl politician of any standing than to be patted on the back by other Governments, whatever the occasion. Anything of the kind is tor tured by the most unscrupulous party press in the world into an injurious significance when it has none in reality. Tho orgic of journalistic licence which precedes any great political struggle in the United States would astound anyone habituated to our mild man nered press. A hint from the Cobden Club that it approver! of any proposed Hire of political action would raise from a thousand party papers the cry that 'British gold' was being poured in to purchase against the American people the votes of those identified with it. And the uemocratic press uses just the same kind of weapons. The most flagitious pretences arc employed to delude the people, the most meaningless party cries raised to drown every voice of reason. And we are now blameless in ^tliis respect, or so intelligent as to be proof against claptrap phrases. The suspicion that Bruce Smith really said that the maritime strikers should be ''shot down like dogs' yet lingers in many minds ami counts more against him than any known political act or belief of his. And I verily believe that Dibbs lost South Sydney at the general election because it was industriously spread abroad that he once said, like old Foulon, ' Let the people eat grass.' The thing was probably a lie alto gethcr, or else a distortion of something said in jest, but I heard dozens of men bidding each other remember it and saw them abso lutely foaming at the mouth on the sub ject. Alter which considerable digression i will get back to Tuesday night's meeting. It was a colossal outpouring of people, mostly hot, angry, vociferous people, with much to say and no time to listen to anyone else. The hall was jammed with perspiring demo cracy packed to the roof, forced into the the windows, and crushed half way over the 1 stage, from whom arose a hoarse roar of dis cussion. Far up and down its length the street outside was black with men shouting denunciations of the Government, the taritl, the labor party, frectradc, female suffrage, | and lots of other things. In the midst of the turmoil G. H. Reid appeared on a house-front opposite and screamed certain'; statements and sentiments which only a few' people could hear. Then Dan O'Connor took possession of the flute aud thundered forth sonorous Celtic sontcnces. After a time of deafening clamor it was announced that something ' agm the Government had been carried unanimously, aud an especial sound of tumult went up to the stars. The ines capable Norman and others of that ilk then gave tongue, presumably i\\\ opposition, and tho crowd drifted away in wrangling detach ments. But the Government needn't care. There is not the smallest probability that the Governor will dissolve Parliament, even though a much larger demand for a dissolu tion were made, just on tho eve of his depar ture. And the Kellys and Fitzgeraids, with the hungry howl of the people in their ears are not more likely to help in that direc tion than they were before. The Income Tax proposals have been rushed through aud there is no doubt that they will pass tho Upper House easily. There may be some attempt made there, such as Mr Burdokiu made in the Assembly, to reduce the rate on the higher grades of incomes ; but the guardians of wealth and special privilege iu this colony, as in South Australia, will jump at an iucoine or property tax in preference to one upon land values if the clioicc lies between the two. They know what the great majority of wage earners who throw their hats up for an In come Tax do not knowthat there is in most cases a chance of passing it on to some ex tent at least. Now that the passing of the bill into law is regarded as ccrtain there will be a general curtailment of expenses on the part of individuals and firms so as to meet the new demand. Already somo of them have reduced their staff considerably, and reduced the pay of those remaining, as well as piling extra work upon them. It is piti ful to sec how tho men who do the country's productive work, in their dense ignorance of economic principles, allow themselves to be shorn by those who do little else but shear. There is now, as at all periods when the public mind is agitated, a weedy growth of political parties and organisations. There is a Reform League on the stocks which appears to be an O'Sullivauiscd version of tho National Ass. The member for Quean* bcyan is always starting some kind of ' patriotic ' or ' democratic ' combination which staggers to an early doom without many except those who boss the show know ing that it ever existed. The outline of objccts aimed at by the proposed league 'is as usual ' fine and large.' There is to be ' real local Government,' federation, just taxation, abolition of party Government, and the substitution of popular rule on 'a real democratic basis.' The only 'real' thing about the whole affair, probably, is the desire of a few machine politicians and can didates for public notice to attract attention to themselves. Then there is a Countrv Pivrf.v -if mnmhnt* nf 'Pni'lmmrmt. plain game Is to keep their scats if possible by pretending special devotion to the interests of tho Bush. Tho ghost of tlio Frectradc and Liberal Association appears hero and there, as docs that of the great National Protectionist Organisation which a few years ago was alive and well. And the wraith of the Labour Electoral League walks by night and haunts tho path of fore sworn labor members. The Labor Electoral League lias no voico 1 of power now. It has no body in which a voice could bo obtained. All that remains of it aro a few protectionists who keep up a pretence of representing labor, and are backed up therein by the Slur whenever they demand that tho present Government should be kept going and ' useful legislation carried out.' In tho few branches of the lcacrue that arc not slonc-dcud the principal vitality is supplied by intrigues between protectionists and socialists to have thoir candidates nominated for next election. But a Labour Electoral League nomination is not going to be much of a recommendation then, if it will bo any. There is a great effort j being made by the Ass. and the Right I Thinking Person to overthrow the principle of payment of members, so that legislation maybe entirely controlled by men of Stand ing. This would bo all right if men of Standing .were ; always 'men of legislative ability and -public honor. v But too often they arc favorites of a fortune ' which smiles on greed, mean hcartlessness, and sharp practice that lauds those who are not so favoured iusidc prison walls. Tho British House of Lords should be a model of wise and patriotic lawmaking if men of high social position, education and (frequently), ability could be depended on to act fairly towards their fellows, and make laws looking to the good of all. A legislature of strike leaders could not fight against non-unionists more determinedly than the Peers have fought against the people. But in the war against payment of members the Ass. will bo aided by the labor aud other members who, by clinging to the pieces of silver each week brings, hold in power a Government which makes electoral freedom seem a farce. 