THE WALTER BENTLEY SEASON. The debut of their talented compatriot in this city formed an event in the annals of the local St. Andrew’s Lodge that was not al lowed to pass unrecognised. When Mr. Bent- ley arrived in Bendigo on Saturday morning be was.met al the railway .station by about 80 of the members : of the lodge, and after their secretary, Mr, J. Barr, bad - been introduced to the visitor,! introductions, and handshaking became general. They then adjourned to the City, Family Hotel. Mr. C. Houston then rcnJtho following address, which was written' on. parchment in old EnglishBendigo, OoL ’ 28th', 1893. To Mr, Walter. Bentley. Dear Sir,—On behalf oMlie Bendigo Lodgo Order of St. Andrew, Scottish Constitution, wo beg to offer you a hcarlywelcomdto Bendigo, and wo earnestly hope that your stay-in this city will he* a pleasant one, and that your pro fessional ability will moot with the recogni tion it deserves. We notice with pleasure that your undoubted genius has been acknow ledged throughout and'wo venture to express the opinion that your visit to Ben digo will bo crowned with success- ' Trusting you* will live along, to odorii your profession.' Wo are, yours respectfully, Colin Campbell, W.M.; Archie Currie, D.M.; John Bain, Treasurer; John Barr, Secretary. Mr. Balsillie supported the' expressions of good feeling and pleasure contained in the address. Mr. Bentley in reply thanked the society for meeting him, and expressed much gratifi cation at Ms hearty reception. Ho said ho mnoh appreciated the address presented to him by bis countrymen, and remarked that 'everywhere bo went he was received with great warmth by (ho Highland and Caledon ian societies. Ho was glad the stage was not now looked upon with tbo same severity as in former times^but that people wore becoming* alive to the fact (hat it exercises a good in fluence on public taste. The Rev. J. H. Potter also welcomed Mr. Bentley to Bendigo. Mr. Came, the deputy-master of the lodge, proposed Mr. Denuoyte- health, and tho toast was warmly honored: Mr. Bentley briefly returned thanks and tho .gathering dis persed. HAMLET. r On Saturday night Hamlet was produced at the Royal Princess Theatre- by the Bentley Coy. Hamlet is. one of Shakespeare’s most jmworful tragedies, and its proper interpreta-, tion exaota tho fall powers of a master in tbo histrlonio profession. ' Mr, Bontloy essayed this sombre character with most natural grace andpahdUHous regard for details. From the moment he is ushered into bis-unele and stop father’s audience room till ho treacherously meets his death at tbo bands of his loved one’s brother, he retains bis individuality through the rapidly changing scenes. His emotion and. facial expression when addressing bis father’s ghost, his horror -at the commands given him,- and his vows to carry them into effect wore awe-inspiring. Passing on, comedy Is introduced, his exchanges' with the Lord j Chamberlain being incisive and diverting. 1 His mood towards bis faithful retainers, his love passages with Ophelia, his moralising in the grave-yard, quarrel with- Laertes, ond Anally, tbo bout with rapiers and tbo death scene, were splendid histriojiio efforts. The character throughout was powerfully enacted. Mr. Bontloy in short is undoubtedly a ..trage dian, perhaps tho best Shakespearian' actor who has visited the colonies since Mont gomery. “The Ghost” was - allotted to Mr.' Marscnoll. Tho draping was artistically arranged, the burial robes suggesting most uncanny thoughts, especially when by dumb show the ghost was striving to enforce commands. It was a most excellent and exceedingly well drossod'ghost.- Mr. H. Douglas, as King Claudius, jnado pretty well as much of the part os it would bear. ■ His acting in tho play scene where his conscience is suddenly stricken with fear on 'seeing the murder of bis brother by himself re-enacted, was what might be called realistic. Polonius found a good exponent in. Mr. L. McGowan, who Is undoubtedly one of the best members of tho company. Mr. A. Lucas, as Laertes, was belter In tbo concluding; parts than at the commencement. Miss Gladys Leigh capably enacted tho part of tho queen, and in the in terview with Hamlet,her acting was very good indeed. Ophelia was well delineated by Miss Lilia Wilde, tbo flower scene-being a most pathetic piece of acting. The. other characters, court attendants, players and gravediggers, were well cost among Messrs. E. Cris, C, Wakefield, H. Stonobam, W. South,H. Hazel, E. Smolton, T. Reynolds,. A,. Brerotoii, T. E. Foster, Or. Ingersole,. and Miss G. Hamilton, and; Rita Aslin. To-night the company will reverb to comedy when a double bill, “Garrick” and “Cra roond Brig,” will be produced. Mr. Bontloy will appear in the comedy as David Garrick, the famous actor. ..and in the historical Scottish farce of “Cramond Brig” as Jock Howicson. “David Garrick,” while producing screams of laughter, also possesses ono of tho most romantic lovo stories "in English literature. In “Cramond Brig,” from the time Mr. Bentley makes hie entrance'to the fall of (ho curtain, the. audience cannot contain themselves from fils of laughter. When this groat actor produced “David Garrick” for ' tho benefit Of the Tbirlmero Home for Consumptives - in Sydney, Sir Robert Duff, Governor of N.S.W., and Lady Duff,. who were present, so . appreciated the artist’s genius that bo received a photograph of each, which will always bo prized os a high mark of favor. Reminders op. Deeming.—The personal effects.of the late Frederick Deeming, alias Baron Swanston, wbiob have been tho subject pf much dispute since tbo murderer . was banged nearly eighteen months f ago, are ad vertised for sale on Thursday next in. Mel bourne, under instructions from-the adminis trator appointed by the Supreme Court .There \- aredSB lots cataloguodj the principal items being the tae, knifo, ditmond ring, watch, Soldebain, silver wace, plat«, and other ox {bits produced at the' trial, also, bis books, clothing, regalia, tools, etc. . Tho articles arc (some of (hem) specially interesting be cause (boy bear tho orimioal’fi various aliases, from Frederick Bay ley' Deeming, bis real name, to the aristocratic assumptions “Baron Swanston” and “Lord Dunn.” Purchasers -will receive a certificate from Mr, M. Lyle, the murderer’s lawyer, that the goods sold were tho articles received from, the Crown as the property loft by Deeming.—Standard; 