BYSTANDERS' NOTEBOOK ? w The labour Party has been charged witfi -hs/oouriug designs against «h« link ing interests of the c ilony. THE laboub Now, an far a« thu Workeu ? party ? recollects, it novor board and the banks, of h Labour leader any where being responsible for the fimafthing of a bank ; but ie has beard of a frreao many capitalists who are, and further, it has good- reasons for sup article upon the question in a certain Bris bane paper has no right to talk. The Workers attitude has been ttraightfor ? wanHshron jrhi ju t. It -is jar ^rom-desiringr the suspension of -t finite local bank. Such an event it would regard ax a national calamity. It has, however, by the etudy of returns wht?h sjiesjk fur thomseives, been forced to the oocl'ifiou that th»»re has been a scandalous misapplication of public funds in connection with ao leant three banks. Money ha* beon borro - .i in* the nuaie of the colony, ostensibly for the carrying out pf »rft.»nt n»blic workn. and ttinnph thnn sands of willing workers have been tramp ing about in anarch of jobs uo work has bwn ^ortbcaining. Eiidentlv ihiire. j,yaa food fo- reflection there. Then, when it bectne cle»w that the Treasury was penni less because we bal over two million sterling in ihe banks the problem grew painfully complicated. No private citizen would go about in rags because he had two million in the banks— unless' indeed he had been foolish enough to invert it in institu tions like some that during late years have gone cronk in other c:lo-?i*s. But the tnstitutinns in question wer« doing business ' -«» n« usual Could it be that the country 1 been cajoled ink., borrowing the money ? their convenience * or having borrowed : -in-^ie1irat. piare^nr it* o»--n eonvftnieMce iat it now denied i£«elf th« use of it for ieirst AH that the Worker asks ie for a \- rank statement «-f thu case. If instead of she banks being nin in th« interest of Queensland. Queensland has been run by Sir Thos. M'llwraith in the interest of 'the XL. ..!_*. ttlan Af*i-nA ta am At. AnH tih A rMilrtrit; i {must he ignominioudy dismissed from h~ 'Jmrbitc 4tf«-*o-mafce--*anin for one who hv~ I 'honest and judicious statesmanship may I yet succeed in pxtricating both banks and I colony from their present) deplorable pobi I aon. I * # * I The SrUbane Telegraph, defending M'D 1 ? wraith from tho ohargo of I 'those wholesale pltxigebreak I 80KEN pledges ing, says : ' We cannot I find that he pledged him I elf against -oft torts of coloured labour, or I aeainst nil sorts of land-grant railway?.' ! Then ' »e ' are either foola or knaves, for the very day before ' we ' make this preposterous assertion the Wobkeb pub i lishes under a large-type heading a whole column of the Preuuer'a broken pledges 1 chiefly in reference to two question*. Amongst them are the following- "I now pledge myself, if I am returned to power, not to allow the introduction of coolie or any other coloured labour" (and) "Not to bring forward the Transcontinental or any other railway during the next parliament." Anyone who wants to verify the quota- tions for himself, has only to turn to the last issue of this paper, or else to A. G. Stephen's brilliant pamphlet "The Griffil- wraith." — The probability is that the writer of the mendacious article in the Telegraph read them in each and that their appearance in the WORKER was the motive power behind his pen. In regard to the land-grab swindle he lies with boldness and decision. On the Coloured Labour question, he indulges in the very meanest of equivocations. M'Ilwraith, he argues, pledged himself against the intro- duction of Coloured Labour, and inasmuch as there was Coloured Labour in the coun- try at the time, "it needed no introduc- tion." Again, Griffith, not M'Ilraith, brought in the Bill to repeal the Act deter- mining the cessation of Polynesian Labour. Bah! It reminds one of the logic of the famous priest who, demanding of the king penance in sackcloth and ashes, gave him "the sack in which Madame de Maintenon put her knitting until the pins frayed it," and then assured him that if in passing down into his pantaloons it had "tickled a hair or two" of his body he might still be comforted — "for people have been tickled to death." By the side of such prevarications, wholesale pledge-breaking almost becomes a virtue. * * * If anythincr was wanted to prove the utter absurdity as well as the gross in justice of the Electoral Law MUSHED passed by the late Parliament in the law. it has been amnly provided Vy rV'e nvprf' of ftp }aa(; fow days. Thn dogged determination to keep* as many workers off the roll. as possible, the wholesale disfranchieement of old electors and the network of difficulties thrown around the business of registration generally are well- worn and extremely just complaints. The disfranchisement of so vigilant a politician as Mr. Hoolan was in itself a startling example of all this. Even the Government was in that instance alarmed at the result of its own handi work; and now Mr. HooJan, restored by *n ostentatious act of clemency to the electoral ^roll and returned unopposed to Parljaifnent, will in the new Houro have an | opportunity of doing something for the ! thousands of his fellow- workers who have I , been less fortunate. The case of Mr. I Johnson, who was prevented contesting tfie ! Moreton electorate in the worker interest, because one of the gentlemen who signed \- his nomination paper happened to be dis qualified, was if anything still more aggra vating; but the most, absurdly provoking uistanoe of jftll is %t by which Wallace mmmaamuaam that by reason of a clerical inaccuracy in the nomination paper — which, by the way, was adjudicated upon by his opponent's business manager in the capacity of return ing officer— the Government candidate obtains a walk over. A meanless stroke of the pen is thus enough to Becure what everybody must see is the utter misrepre sentation of an entire constituency. Could anything be more puerile? Could any thing furnish stronger evidence of the necessity fora change in the law— a law which M'llwraith, if returned to power, will never alter ? * * * Terrorism is rife. The sting has not vet been taken out of the syndicate scorpion and some people if; Beeine aro the ballot fearful that it lurks behind is secret, the ballot-box. As a matter of fact the grossest inter ference with the political opinions of honest citizens has been remorselessly practised by the extreme section of the stone-broke moneybag party for a long while past. In the roaring day's even, when men were freer, the polling booths were stormed by dummies rounded up by the crowd that grabbed the land in defiance of the law. But the wholesale personating age has gone by, the. scene has changed, morale have entered into politics, and with the advent of the Labour Party aH an organised force it can never be resuscitated. Not the faintest ghost of a show will be given j to the Lawn-'n-Order party either to revive the days of personation or to destroy trie secrecy of the ballot where any Labour or Progressive candidate is up for election. Wage-workers, business men or civil ser- I vants of the hard-working low salary and I wage order then need have no fear. Labour- 1 Boratineew wilK ^watoh with lynx-eyed,] HHHHHD|R^BE«BJ^nEMMnBJ^HnB| Barlow has been at great pains to make the people of Ipswich bribing a understand that it will constituency-, not pay them to reject him. He does not exactly go through the town with his hands full of half sovereigns for distribution amongst the mom pliable electors. It would be comparatively honest if he did. He tells them that he being a member of the govern ment, they have but to name their price. Shall it be more public buildings, further assistance for the cotton factory or what ? Never mind. That can be' settled after wards. If he is but returned the rest of the country will be bled for their especial benefit. Perhaps the good folks of Ipswich do not know that the expenditure of public money in their town would really, in the end. benefit none but a handful -of monopolists — especially their landlords. Whether they realise that or not, however, they can hardly fail to see the dishonour able nature of the contract to which they are asked to put their hands. Mr. Barlow virtually invites the electorate to become an accomplice in a swindle. Again, his Government is pledged to strict economy. Are they getting ready to break that pledge, too, and even before they are re turned to power ? Utterances like that of the Minister for Lands are strangely incon sistent with a policy of retrenchment. One thing is clear, either Ipswich by elect ing Barlow will get badly ' left ' or else the country will. * * * The power of helping on the fulfilment of a prediction is certainly a useful addition to the gift of prophecy; A and similarly where one double-headed has to sustain the burden coin. of an awkward argument I n« logic, and who is further equal to the task of manufacturing them as necessity arises, is an unsatisfactory opponent at election times. M'llwraith is just this sort of customer. His dice are loaded, his coins are all double- headed. He tells you that so far no syndicates have thought it .worth their while to open up negotiatiomr with the Government for any of the rail way grabs, and from that proceeds to reason that the amount of land to be handed over by the country in payment for the lines so far from' being disproportion ately Jarge is really excessively small much too small to tempt the wary capi talist. Now if the Premier honestly believes this the people who want land grant railways ac.all costs ought to kick him out for not throwing the whole instead of rather less than half of unalienated Queensland on the Gridiron. But then does anyone believe it? Ab a matter of fact is it not as plain as a pikestaff that M Ilwraith would take good care that no contracts were hatched until after the elections? Otherwise what would become of his argument? * * * A great deal has been said of late about the misrepresentation indulged in by the Labour Party.' touching- Of course two or misrepresentation, three leading articles ... t , a day devoted to this most despued section of humanity by the various Brisbane papers have been free from misrepresentation. The Courier especially has been dignified and truthful in its bearing. It did not rant and rave and hurl oppro fanouB epithets around when Hardacre's the throat of the author of 4he map. *nd in the South Australian elections because the Labour Party tlieru had practically carried all before it, aud ic wax afraid that the viotory would influence the elections jhere. Similarly, whou our own Labour Party Executive published a thoughtful* and moderate manifesto, and Glausey came to the front with an equally tbmight.fi^ and moderate speech, it didn't ignore thefaot that the politics involved in their utterances were eminently orderly and constitutional v in tendency. On the other haud, with characteristic generosity, it took the op porcuuicy oi snowing cue advantage that a Labour Party was to the entire community by contrasting its peaceful attitude with the tumiufl^ud bluoiished then unhappily occurring in Belgium where Labour has not yet the samo chance of* stating its grievances calmly and logically from its place in Parliament, and that people might not run. away with the impresbion that sto ' Labottr Party anywhere bad a monopoly of turbulent spirits it very properly alluded to the shriek for civil war even now emanat ing from its own particular friends in the ; North of Ireland. A more stupid and in- ; tolerant paper might posxitiiy have tried to wean the publio from the*ensib)e remarks of Mr. Glisaey by raking*up old feuds, and ? trying by might and main -to connect, j however remotely, the party of which he is the leader with the labour troubles then taking place in Europe. But the Courier is hoaorabla The Courier is just and truthful. Tho Courier would do nothing mean and dirty. At least the writer thinks not Those who read it know. ? It was always understood that Kings bury ^ras -to -pby— fcbe-iole of inSit comedian to M'DwraiUi's KiNGSBtJBT rather, oumbrous achieve ? e» menta in -the heavy Tillain ? 8KLK-DEMIAL line, and it is .bare jostjee to admit that he has more than sustained the part. Hia epeeoh at Leichhardt-stree!) was indeed a triumph of i sprighfelinem and ingenuity. Ob under- j took to prove that this was the best pos- ' sible of world*. He iwas especially anxious j to show that there is notping in the con- ' ditiona of industrial lifevjo prevent the inaews acquiring the eontM of capital. If __ they would but exettrise a little thrift and self-denial, eat fas and d|feik less, wear their old clothes longer (ban they do, and bank their savings— he did not tell ub where— Fortune would crown their united pffnrta wifch wrftftifch hattiifen whjnfo T^fQp'g millions and even the prospective plunder of the landjpfeb syndicates would dwindle . into insignifioance. Apparently Mir. Kings bury baa never tried tio keep ft wife and family on somewhere about thirty shillings a week, the average wages of the AustnOian workman. If he had he wuuld know that i urn™ wu not mucQ cnauc' oi saving out I of it ; and we must never forget that the majority of workers an married and have families, and that a healthy state of society demands that with few -exceptions those who aro^ apt married ought. io^faa^Bar— euehtnen to attempt to *»ve in the sense^that Mr. KingBbury means— aye, even tor them to attempt to aave at all would be a orime. As Oeoar WUda «ays, ' Man should not foe ready to show th»t he oan live like a badly- fed animaL * * ( * Now for Mr, Kingabury's fignres, many -of them taken from old wuiw oi the — Wobkeb, but all roost WvMht how it distorted by the speaker in works out. theprooessof applioaMon. His speech was a hollow fnocWry. Hero, however, there is room for only one example. He said: ' ' The shipping sad shearing strikes taken together involved (fllreotly aniUauiMlfcl&.ooO week for eight weeks j that Is £18 per neaaor £880,000) a larger samHBian the paid-up osjltil — of one of the biggest steamship o6mpantes^o( % AQBtralia. The Wobkeb submits that such a state ment no more supports the contention that the working class could, to any appreciable extent, accumulate capital by dint of saving the money that now goes in the purchase of those slender comforts without whioh the average man would lapse into a abate of semi-barbarism, than a verse from tho first chapter Of Genesis or the last chapter of Revelations. Let Mr. Kings bury but ask himself how feha — thh4v — thousand men of whom he speaks were able to sacrifice this 30s. a week? He must know that it was because, during those eight weeks they were living on their past savings and the substantial assistance of their fellow unionists. Otherwise they would have starved. Some of them came near starving as it was. He must also be aware that if they had not been out on strike the 30s. would have gone in the payment of rent and household bills. Agaia, they- couiJ only stand the strain for a couple of months. In other words so far from demonstrating that the Aus tralian Jworkman rests with one foot on the ladder of fortune, what the figures really prove is that the great 'bulk of our workers could not at a time of dire neces sity, even with the help of their friends, scrape together an average of more than £12 each. A fact like that) Mr. Kingsbury may possibly have overlooked, but he might at least have told his audience that this £360,000 which under ordinary cir cumstances the 30,000 workers could have saved (if they had been able to live stark naked for eight weeks without eating or drinking anything) would when invested at 5 per cent have brought each man jack of them a yearly income of 12s., or in other words about twopence three farthings a week as the reward for his frugality. Who would not be a working-man capitalist aj that rate? , .1 ' w: MobBHGad b .UHinfir NiraB U&stalfl; 