THE patriotic willingness to accept reduced subsidies for Shires and for Agricultural Societies is a commendable sign of the times, notwithstanding that it is largely due to a thrifty desire to personally escape direct taxation. That kind of feeling is also respon sible for a lot of the virtuous indignation shown about high salaries in the Civil service, and overmanning of departments. Strictly impartial judgment on all these matters is subject to these disturbing personal influences, and the Ministry will do well to pay but little attention to frothy clamour for what MIr. Campbell aptly alluded to as "sledge hammer" retrenchment. More especially should the.-Ministry adjust its retrenchment to a uniform grade of severity and compre hensiveness, and resist breaches of it in detail in Parliament. All the canons of taxation require that it shall be uniform in range as well-as-equitbl -itt - - .-..-.-.. r..? - sf really taxatrion in an indirect form. Moreover, comparatively minute savings on the one hand, and slight increases of charges on the other, make, in the aggregate, a considerable difference in the totals, and there is a large field open to the Ministry for judicious strengthening of the revenue by attention to details of this kind. For instance, the minimum charge of 6d. for telegrams of six words or under should be altered to 9d. as a minimum charge for nine words or under. A combination of Joseph Hume and Jay Gould going over the national accounts would prepare a balance sheet show irg marvellously different results to those hitherto presented to Parliament, and it is only because the community does not know what State Socialism ought to be that it has allowed thle present financial crisis to accrae and to create undue alarm. TuERE is a generous inclination to do Mr. Gillies honour for his now- historical phrase (so far as he is concerned) " my duty lies here" when refusing to accept the office of Agent General. Had he said "my duty lies there" the patriotic terseness would have read just as well, and been more accurate. If the office of Agent-General is of any utse except to the occulant (and it is not in these days of cable telegrams) Mr. Gillies could do far more good to the colony as loan agent than as an unattached membler of Parliament of cabinet rank who has no following in tile country (lie never had), and whose influence with members of the House is chiefly that of a master of the ceremonies who knows all the figures of the intricate "forms of the House." No doubt he has ability, but we cannot see that any immediate prospective career of usefulness for him in the colony at all backs up his own belief that his "duty lies here." To use his own philosophy, the aspiration or belief is " too thin." THEo Committee of the Bacchus Marsh'Agri cultural and Pastoral Society did not agree, on Saturday last, to accept the proposed alterations in the yards 'which had been approved of in a general way by a sub-com mittee which met in the yards on the 4th inst. The principal objection was to encroach ing on the trotting track by erecting a new range of cattle pens on the northern side of tile present ones. The alternative which seemed to meet with most favour was making three pens out of two of the present ones. The largest pens are 12ft. ', 8ft., which is none too large for prize cattle; other pens are 10ft. x 8ft., and some 10ft. x 7--ft. There is a race about 30 feet wide between the pens, and the committee should consider whether clumps of pens, each 8ft. x 5ft., should not be placed at intervals down this long avenue, for the reception of small cattle. It is chiefly a matter of arranging gates to Facilitate and not obstruct the penning of :attle. Spaces could be left at suitable inter vals for judging rings. A few central pens ,ould be neatly erected of sawn timber as an xperinment before next show, and if they are round preferable to reducing the size of the present pens mnore could be erected. But if hese central groups of pens (and there should lot be more than six or eight in each group) ire found to interfere too much with the tcnning of cattle in the other pens, then hese latter could be reduced in size, or a lew range be erected without interfering with the trotting track. There is no doubt'that the latter is the primary consideration in all permanent improvements. As usual, experts in knowledge of what is perfection in a trotting track are stronger in their destructive criticism than in their constructive proposals. This is always the case. They can say what does not please them, but in deciding what is best to be done to please them they are like sheep without a shepherd. Sharp turns are objec tionable, and too much circular sailing also, therefore the problem ,is how to obtain flat sides without sharp turns. At Albury the trotting track is nearly square. In America the kite-shaped track is highly favoured. It would not be suitable in these yards unless the broad cnd were placed opposite the grand stand. All members of the committee who know what riding a hunter or hackney over fences in a showyard competition is, should give this imatter their most careful considera tion. The committee decided to enclose the whole area of the showyard, as it was thought that the outside one-chain strip proposed to be left as a vehicle paddock would be too long and narrow. It would have had that disad vantage, no doubt, but a careful man in charge of it could easily have prevented any collisions. A more cogent reason for aban doning that strip reserve idea is that it will be of more value to the Society inside the iron fence than outside it, but the Society should take steps to secure a paddock adjacentt to the yards. The kind of shed to erect for the produce exhibits is the next consideration, and we think Mr. T. A. Grant's suggestion that a square shed be erected in preference to a long narrow one should be adopted. No doubt a 20 feet wide shed would be too much exposed to weather influences, even with back and front verandahs. Besides which a square shted permsits of making an imposing display of all the produce exhibits as a whole, and of improving their appearance by a little general decoration of a bazaar character. The kind of sthed favoured is one with the roof broken upi into a series of skillion spans with all their heads facing the south, and glazed on their upper vertical sides to admit of light and ventilation. Similar erections are found very suitable in the Mellourne yards and at Ballarat. One great advantage is that a rear span can always be added as required. Such a sited, say with a 60 feet frontage, could have the front tier of lights cheaply orna mented by a false facade of arcaded design, with averandah beneath. Anotheradvantage of such a shed would be that there would be ample room for people to move about without getting into what is called a "queue," or long string filing down narrow passage ways in a long shed. The Secretary's office and the President's room should be a detached build ing, to secure quietness, and a lady's room should also be a detached building. The floor of the produce shed should be concrete or asphalt. We believe the formter could be laid down with Coimadai lime very cheaply. When discussing ways and means the members of committee are apt to delude themselves with mixed reasoning of a false economy character. If the new works are necessary, and the show is to be a credit to the Society, there is no economy in delaying borrowing to carry out the works as a whole, as tile Bank interest will be saved in the increased cheapsness with which the work is done; and creditable buildings, and enterprise generally on the part of all Agricultural Society, attract subscriptions from unexpected quarters aud fromn tall quarters tin, a a allna- ,ore-t?,utuni c p folfiey"di ot condiuce. Extravagance and rashness are to be avoided, of course, and we should place the limit of the overdraft at £500 at any one time, but we do not see any reason why the committee should hesitate a moment to let contracts for works to cost that sum, and to be completed before the next show is held. WE notice that, at the West Bourke show luncheon speech-making, Mr. S. T. Staughton, M.L.A.., took occasion to refute the unfair statements made in the Age that he was a cormorant for free passes oil the railways. This is thle style of attack which so degrades thIe Press as an institution, and the Age is continually guilty of it. As a matter of fact the Age well knew what Mr. Staughton stated at the show luncheon-namely, that he never used free passes, but always returned them. What he complained of in tile House (and very justly too) was that the Railway Commissioners should have issued a circular insulting members of both -onses by telling them that if they wanted free passes for the prorogation of Parliament ceremony they must send in the names of. the intended recipients, as though they were to be given to disreputable persons. The Parliamentary passes are not a matter within the control of the Commissioners, as the Act under which they are appointed bars interference with them. But even if that were not the case the circular should not have been issued. Most persons think it very laudable on their part to be-little Parliament and insult the imembers, but they forget that by so doing they are really throwing away the liberties of self- government wehic have been incessantly fought for aud highly prized for the last hundred years. As Friday next is Good Friday the Exprcss will be published on the Thursday afternoon preceding. The next meeting of the Melton Shire Council will be held on 7th April, at the Mechanics' Institute, Toolern, as the ordinary date of the meeting falls on Good Friday. MIr. D. A. Little, Shire engineer, supplies the following addendum to the flood damage report of Messrs. Burke and Stuart Murray:-Approx imate waterway of Werribee river at the fol lowing points:--At Woolpacki bridge, 1,092 sq. feet; at swing bridge, 1,040 sq. feet; at Mad dingley bridge, 1,200 sq. feet; at a point about two chains east of Lee's flume, where it is known all the water was confined within river banks, 1,800 sq. feet. Thirteen points of rain fell on Saturday after noon, but it was very partircl in its range. On Tuesday night a light mist gave hope of rain, and was followed by two cold and cloudy days, but no rain fell, and on Thursday and Friday the calm steady autumn heat gave no prospect of a speedy chanige to the much needed two or three inchies of rain. Tihe time for receiving tenders for the leasing of the latet MIr. P. Cain's property has been extended to TIhuirsday, 30th inst. Two farms will be offered for sale on Satur- day next at Messrs. Anderson & Bence's monthly sale in Bacchus Marsh. There was a full attendance at the concert in tihe Mechanics' Institute, Bacchus MIarsh, on St. Patrick's night, and the financial results must h-ave been satistflctory, as the ball was also well attended. The progranmme was shorn of some attractiveness by the absence of Messrs. Fraser, Dartnell, imnd Thompson, but a Mr. Edivards acted as substitnte for the last named. Tihe chair was tiaken, as usnld, by MIr. T.- Cain. After a pianoforto overture of a classical char acter Well played by lr. Latrobe-Bateman, wsho was particilarly excellent as accompanist all the evening, but who would have pleased better had his overtures been of an Irish Quadrille character, "The Minstrel Boy" was well sung by Miss M. O'Connor, who has a strong yet musical voice entitling her to a high place as a concert singer. Mr. C. B. Kelly followed with " My Life for thee" one of the usual class of declahunatory baritone songs. He has an excellent voice, heard several times during the evening with much pleasure. He'could infuse a little more dramatic expression with advantage. The star of the evening, Mr. Joseph Blascheck, next appeared in "The Cock ney's seven ages." This gentleman has wonder ful power of facial expression. We do not think lie has been equalled in this respect on a Bacchus Marsh platform since the memorable readings in the old Institute by the late Walter Montgomery, who used specially placed reflectors to throw light upon his face. Mr. lBlascheck's voice has not the cultivated range of tone which so mar kedlydiistinguished the late Walter Montgoinery's marvellous powers in that respect, and he would do well to cultivate a pathetic and tragic side to his monologue abilities. He was encored, of course. Miss Laura Scrivenor, who sang at the concert last year, gave a very correct rendering of "Thady O'Flynn," and was encored (repeating portion of it). The song, however, is capable of more archness of expression. Mr. Edwards followed with some comic absurdities, highly appreciated; and there was then an interval for paying the prize money to such few winners as put in an appearance, the majority preferring to accept their winnings in a less public manner. Mr. Bateman opened the second part with another pianoforte overture; anil then Mr. Kelly sang "PI'm off to Philqdelphia" with good power of voice, but lacking the rollicking humour which should contrast with its pathos. As an encore song he gave "The Yeoman's Wedding." Miss O'Connor sang the " Kerry Dance" as well as could be wished for, but the song is rather hackneyed now, and unless given with unusual expansion of the variations it permits of, it falls flat. Mfr. Blascheck recited a boy's experience of Ghosts, which was his best effort of the evening, we thought. For an encore lie gave an American piece about a landlord's experiences. This is capable of much greater range of expression than lie gave to it. Miss Scrivenor's song, "Let me dream again" suited her voice and style of singing remarkably well. This was the most artistic item on the programme from a musical point of view, and was deservedly encored; the singer, however, did not sing again. Mr. Kelly sang "For Love of thee," another of the usual type of baritone songs, and then Mr. Edwards gave an Irish song and dance imper sonation in character, singing an apparently illimitable number of verses with the refrain " The Hooligans." The best part was the music, but the audience was evidently well pleased. "God save the Queen" closed a good but a rather too short concert. Last week's Gazetle contains ten pages of bylaws of the Shire of Nunawading. They are worthy of the attention of all Shire Councillors as a complete set, useful in some respects in all Shires, and showing what large powers Councils have if they choose to exercise them. The following notice is from last week's Government Gazcl tc:-Site for cricket and other purposes of public recreation at Blackwood about to be permanently reserved, being the site tem porarily reserved therefor by Order of the 23rd December, 1890.-Two acres two roods nineteen perches and three-tenths, county of Bourke, parish of Blackwood: Commencing at a point bearing N. 100 35' W. one chain forty-five links and five-tenths from the north-east angle of allot ment 4 of section F; bounded thence by lines bearing respectively N. 52° 16' E. two chains twenty-one links, N. 78° 11' E. four chains twenty-one links,. S. 150 171 iE. two chains thirty-eight links and five-tenths, S. 8° 26' E. two chains seventy-nine links, N. 885 W. five chains ninety-seven links and five-tenths, and N. 19° 35' W. two chains eighty links to the point of commencement. The West Bourke show was well attended on (,el16th inst., the weather being very favourable. -nere uasran-excellcnrindfspiyr f -Rhliibits, and the show ranks as one of the best held by the Society. In shorthorn cattle Mr. J. Scott, of Parwan, was first for shorthorn bull over 3 years, and first for ditto under three years, also cham pion for best bull. Mr. W. Browne, of Toolern, took second prize for 2-tooth -Merino ram ; and Mr. E. A. Porter, of Toolern, was first for 2-tooth Lincoln ewes, and second for 2-tooth Lincoln ram. Mr. R. Hornbuckle, of Myrniong, took the second prize for Berkshire boar under twelve months, also first prze for cheese. Mr. J. N. Todd, of Coimadai, took second prize for dry sow. Messrs. Roberts & Parry, of Franklinford, took first prize for fresh butter; two firsts for oats; second for wheat; and first for peas. Although railway officials ought to be well aware of the danger of guard rails at point junc tions and level crossings they do not always remember the fact. A telegram from Geelong in the Argus stated that a shunter named John Taylor, aged 27 years, employed on the railways, met with a serious accident on the 16th inst. He was in the act of running across the railway line leading into the goods shed in front of a passing engine and truck. In doing so he put his right foot into the opening between the guard rail and one of the lines of rail, and was unable to withdraw it, when the engine and truck ran over the unfortunate young man's leg, crushing it from the foot to the knee. Taylor was removed to the hospital, where the leg had to be amputated from above the knee. Ballan items :-We were visited on Saturday afternoon by an hour's heavy downpour of rain, which hals not only freshened the atmosphere and added to the supply in our water tanks (much needed) but it has likewise given a wanted impetus to the potato crops. The dewy evenings which have followed have given the grass a start.-Sheep continue to be sent per rail, the usnual ionday's special train consisting of 14 trucks.-It is pleasing to see Mr. Jas. Rattray, our State School teacher, on duty again after his brief incapacity from labour through a recent accident. It appears that whilst busy in his well ordered garden he knelt on a piece of broken glass. Little heed was taken of so trivial an affair, but time revealed that it was of greater moment than was at first imagined, the upshot being confinement to bed for several days.-The friends of Mr. Horatio llromley, formerly an old resident o1 Gordon and this township, will learn with regret of the death of his youngest son, Edwin Roy, (always kueown by the latter name) from painter's colic after an illness of a few weeks. He was buried in thie Ballarat New Cemetery on Mon day.-The forthcoming annual tea meeting of the Band of Hope, fixed for the 29th of this month promises to be something out of the ordinary. Local talent in songs and recitations is to be aided by upwards of twenty invitees from Blacltkwood, besides other auxiliaries. It is satisfactory to learn that the tickets are being readily disposed of-Dr. Weoinarski, brother to the medical gentleman of the same name of Ballarat, has taken up his residence amongst us. There is no doubt an advantage in having two resident medicos, and although the community is small, the district offers a wide field.-It is pleasing to see that the drain next the post-office is at last being cleaned out and deepened, thereby promising a flesh vent for stormn water, which in past years has proved a source of annoyance to pedestrians. At thle Heidelberg show on cWednesday MIr. 5. Scott, of Parwau, took the following prizes: Shorthorn aged bull, 1st and 2nd; 2-yr-old bull, Ist; cow, 1st; 2-tooth long-woolled ram, 2nd and 3rd; 2-tooth ewes, lst; pair of ewes, 2nd and rd. Thie railway timie table on our fourth page shlows the times at which the new mid-day tnrain through to Ballarat will run when the Department has completed its arrangements. It was incidentally mentioned at the meeting of the Charity Organisation Society in Melbourne oil Wednesday that the lato Judge Higinbotham had contributed £10 per week to the funds during last winter. • ~ - '-: ': _,)-: -.: :: Few of the many persons who view the You Yangs daily from afar are aware that, close to their western shadow, there is to be found one of the choicest private collections of oil paintings in the world. Yet such is the case, as Mr. F. W. Armytage, father of Mr. H. Armytage, M.L.A., has gathered in Wooloomanata House some superb specimens of modern paintings, and has built a hall of noble proportions for their recep tion. Many of the pictures are known to the public, having-been the chief attraction of the art gallery at the Melbourne Centennial Exhi bition of the memorable three eight's year (a disastrous one it has proved to be for Victoria). A glance round the walls of this private picture gallery at once discloses three negative merits, at least-one that there are no nude subjects, which may be very beautiful and artistic, but are best left to the sculptor; another that there are no perished blacknesses supposed to be of great merit because "old nmasters"; and third, that there is only one of the blurred chalkinesses called a " landscape" by some painters. We may add another merit to be that all the pictures are of reasonable size, none being of Cathedral propor tions to dwarf the others. The cabinet pictures, by the way, are the distinctive gems of the collection-one, especially, a sentinel looking towards the light at a distant archway being one of thie most wonderful pieces of painting of its inches to be seen anywhere. But all the small paintings are marvellously good. And the larger pictures are literally "joys for ever" to whoever may have the privilege of owning them, or the lesser gratification of seeing them occasionally. A French enamelled cabinet, and a Japanese one of exquisite delicacy of ornamentation, also bronzes, &c.;, are to be seen in this artistically furnished mansion, while the principal mantel pieces, of various coloured marbles, rank as highly ornate and valuable carvings, apart from their domestic uses. Tile contrast between the art treasures gathered from all parts of the world, and the lonely wilderness of the Geelong plains which are met with for miles round the property, is very marked. The You Yangs are an extraordinary outcrop on these plains. These granite ruins, as they may be called, as they so appear in the distance, are apparently of volcanic origin, and they present in some of their aspects a close resem blance to a landscape in Palestine, the vista of blue sea and yellow parched grass land on the vast plains below making a panorama quite unlike anything else to be met with in Australia. The largest of these mountains (and they are as much that as Victorian creeks are rivers) has been enclosed as a State Forest, called The Station Peak plantation, and a very praiseworthy act that has been of the Lands Department. So much so that the remaining mounds not sold should be similarly dealt with and planted. The caretaking and forestry labour employed on the Station Peak reserve could deal with the work on the rest of the reserves with comparatively little outlay, and a natural curiosity of this " Yosemite valley" character should be preserved and improved as a national park for all time to come, even as it has existed in its weird magnifi cence for probably a few million years. The unenclosed portions of the You Yangs form a worthless part of the Farmers' Common, and are a harbour for rabbits. We should imagine that the managers of the Common would be glad to be relieved of the burden of responsibility for thie rabbits on these craggy heath-grown heights, and it would be a benefit also to neighbouring landowners to have them turned into rabbit netted Crown reserves, with suitable roads left on the sidelings. Portions now held as private property could be resumed, if need be, for small recompense, as the land is a burden to its owners owing to the rabbits; but there is no absolute necessity to purchase any of the land outside the Common, which contains, we believe, over 4,000 acres, of which about half are stony heights and granite-sand wastes, very picturesque, however, if treated as the Station Peak reserve has been, which is wonderfully beautified by wattle plant ing chiefly, wit a nursery of sugar gums, blue gums, elms, &c.; We conmmend this matter to the attention of Mr. H. Armytago, M.L.A., as dioewhich will place posterity undei a debt of obligation to him if lie can get the whole of the You Yangs treated as Station Peak has been. Of course it may be said that the latter reserve is quite large enough. So it would be if there were no adjacent members of the You Yangs group calling for similar treatment and present ing some aspects and prospects of natural gran deur greater than those of Station Peak itself, so that the whole should be treated as a highly prized natural curiosity within easy reach of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, &c.; In fact the place is now a resort for picnic parties from Geelong, it being about three miles distant from the Lara railway station. A concert and ballin aid of the Bacchus Marsh Cricket Club is to be held in the Institute on Easter Monday night, when a lengthy pro gramme will be presented by lady and gentlemen singers. Full particulars will be duly announced. The proceeds of the entertainment will be mainly devoted to preparing a proper turf pitch on thie oval at Maddingley Park, which has long been wanting, and the cricketers hope to have the support of thie public in their endeavour to raise funds by lthe popular " one and all" method of a concert and ball. The singers expected include the following:-Miss S. Scotson, Miss M. Scotson, Miss Hamilton, Miss Whitbourn, Miss Dickie, Miss Pearce; Messrs. Byrne, Harris, Lascelles, Pahler, Whitbourn, R. Morton, and Dr. Strahan. Cricket matches as follows will be played in the Maddingley Park:-Good Friday, Bacchus Marsh v. Coimadai; Easter Monday, B.M. v. East Brighton; Easter Tuesday, B.M. v. St. Stephens, Richmond. On Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thurs day in next week, there will be evening service at Holy Trinity Church at 8 o'clock, when the " Story of the Cross" will be sung, as used in the Cathedral at Melbourne; and on Good Friday there will be service at 11 a.m., and also at 7 p.m. On Sunday night, 26th inst., the subject of the sermon will be "Religion and Imagination," and the " Story of the Cross" will also be sung. Mr. Johnustone, Curator of Maddingley Park, manages to keep the flower beds gay all the year round, nothwithstanding the trying weather conditions, and he is also developing the boat house into a rockery of presentable castellated character. We understand that its summit is to be open for public promenade, and is to be reserved on Caledonian gathering day (Boxing day) as a place of seclusion for the judges of pipe music, where they can imagine they are on the shores of Loch Lomond listening to the gathering of the clans in the distance. Certainly Mr. Johnstone is entitled to much credit for having the courage of his opinions in all the designs he carries out, and he can point to a wonderful number of successes, even if criticism can find foothold in regard to some few matters, such as too many vases on the fountain hill, and the obstruction of the main entrance from the station by an unsightly ehnlm tree, which we are hoping will fall a victim to some grub of deadly char aster. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Bacchus Marsh Debating Society will be held in the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening, 28th inst., at 8 o'clock, when the Bacchus Marsh Magazine, edited by Mr. T. G. Pearce, will be read. The contents will be found varied and interesting, and a large attendance is anticipated. The Argus will be reduced in price to Id. on Easter Monday. The change will not do much more thlan decrease the newspaper bill of each present subscriber to tihe Argcus, but it will theoretically place the two Melbourne dailies on a more eqtual footing as regards range of possible subscribers. Practically there will be no change in their relative positions. In addition to visiting Melton every Tuesday Dr. Strahan will visit Myrniong every Friday. The Gisborne races on Thursday were well attended. The Bacchus Marsh horses were not among the winners. The London correspondent of the Sydney lMais writes : -1~r. Gladstone has begun the .session mi capital form. Indeed, as he sat in his -place on Tuesday, with a flower in his button hole and an animated and even gay expression on his face, he looked fully as young as he has done any time these ten years. Despite his extreme age (over 83) no man in the House of Commons looks livelier or readier for the fray tlan .the.extraordinary veteran who sits in the Smiddle of the Treasury bench, listening intently to every word which falls even from the lips of the most undistinguished speaker. The following is an extract from a letter in the Argus :-" Sir,-Now that there is so nimch talk of retrenchment, and when the want of it is made so obvious, is a proper time to insist upon the ' stitch in time' economy as applied to road mending. The custom has.been for years past to let the holes in a road multiply until a long stretch gets uniformly full of holes or puddles, when drays are sent along to scatter metal broadcast over the entire surface A man with a barrow and rake to fill up the holes as they form is a familiar sight on English and Continental roads, where the wholesale wastefulness of Aus tralian methods would not be tolerated." "Compared with the last four or five gene rations, what are the chances for the next four or five?" asks Erastus Wiman in the current number of the Enginering Magazine. How will it be for boys that grow up during the period wherein population is approaching 150,000,000 ? The avenues of effort, even in this year of 1892, are pretty well crowded. It is pretty hard to get into a business now in which competition does not destroy all possibility of profit. The rank and file of businessmen will admit that the Sold'motto which alleged that "competition is the life of trade" has been reversed. It is now the death of profit. So in the professions there are more lawyers and doctors than are needed and the mills of learning are grinding out a yearly supply of these in far greater proportion than the increase in the population. If this crowded condition exists among business men, if it is reflected in the professions, it is even more painfully evident in the widened area of labour. Strikes and organized demands are the evidences of unrest and discontent at the conjested con ditions that prevail, while the enormous arrivals from foreign shores, added to the large natural increase in the labouring population, year by year, intensify the situation. Over-production in manufactures, as the result of a stimulating national policy, is well-nigh universal. Boots and shoes for 100,000,000 of people; collars and cuffs for 150,000,000; woollen goods for twice the population, with other disabilities, have de stroyed all vestige of profits,-tliese, together with a proportionate production in all other branches, are the results attained in the closing decade of the first half century of real industrial activity of this people. 