STRAY NOTES (By ScnuxATonO . 1 An incident which occurred the other ovening, whon tho printing works of this journal nnd probably tho adjoining block of property embracing Alandshotol.worein some danger of being burnt to tho ground, has brought very vividly to our mind how totally unprepared and unguarded is Moss Valo or any of the adjoining towns against nn out break of firo. That from the borders otoyanoy — witn tne oxcoptioa or Uamdon — thoro is no firo brigade in any town on the Southern line iintil G-oulburu is reached, a distance of 134 miles, Bhows how utterly neglectful of taking any precautions against firo have boon tho business people of each town along tho lino. 'YVo think it time amove is made in tho direction of instituting a fire brigade for the town of Moss Vale. The class of buildings in all country towns ren ders them in many cases particularly open to danger from any fire which might break out, and therefore it behoves all who have pro perty to look each to their interests and co operate in any well-devised scheme whereby j their interests can be saved. And there is no doubt but that it would bo also to the inter ests ot the. various insurance companies to help in every possible way to have i fire brigade established here in Moss Valo. Now that tho water supply will soon be right into the town and mains, adjacent to every building, there would never be any difficulty as to getting a sufficient supply o£ water to cope with fires ; so that tlio most essential pare co oe cunsiuereu wnen equip ping a fire brigade, viz., a proper water supply, is already provided for. If we can not start at once with a steam engine, surely a manual engine would be better than going on as at present totally at tlie mercy of any 'Outbreak which might occur either upon our own or our neighbour's premises. Evon a hand pump and hose attachments would be useful in suppressing any firo in its early atagos, wliioh if allowed to progress might burn a fair portion of tlio town down before tho ' devouring olomoat' is Btoppod in its oourse by an opon space. A fotv moments dolay nt tho outbreak of tho firo may cause yory dioastrouo results, which a small number of proporly organised fond drilled j mon may by tackling with alacrity provent. ' Tho oxponsos noed not bo great and as before a;.id, wo boliovo that tho Insurance Companies would- help. Thoy :do ao, \70 think, in othor places. Thero would also bo a groat reduction 'n tho prodiums now ruling on firo ioGuvanco policies, tho cost of same in Moss Valo boiag from about sis to fifteen times highor than in tho city of Sydnoy. Tho saving hero alone would probably moro than pay us for all oxponso incurred, if tho brigade woro a voluntoor, or ovon a jfartiully-paid one. We notice from a Picton papor _ of yesterday, that a mooting hnji just boon held iu Campbell town of thoso desirous of forming a firo brigade thoro. Tho Mayor presided, and pointed out' that .Superinten dent Bear would provide someone to instruct the members at the beginning. Ten mem bers woro at onco enrolled. Outside the objoct for which it was formed a firo brigade would be of value iu tho drill and discipline it would givo to a number of our youug men. Suroly .a town of tho importauoo and extent as Mosa Valo is will not allow a aleopy-gojijg, place like little Campbelltown to diBttnoe tUem in such a matter. We commend! this ? idea of forming a firo brigado to tho eorious nnd intoroatod opinion of all townsmon and earnestly liopo that it may oomo to a miccossful iasuo for the bonofit nnd advnncomont of tho town. '-V- ' r Whon tho estimalos woro undor discussion tho othor night tho itom Gorornmontt Paintor's Department wao i, proposed by Govorninout to bo roduend by £4,100 or f- por cont. Mr. McCourt ii'l reported in tho Herald as saying that £1000 could easily bo savod by ceasing tho publication o£ tho Government Gazette. Woll that would bo rathor a quoutiouablo way to oconomioo. Of course Mr. McCourt wao onco a printor and can spoak with somo authority in tho matter. \ Moss Valo residont whoso causticity in rofosring to political natters is rather unkind, whothor as to tho party in offico or thoso in tho cold shades of opposition, whoa referring to tho mattor simply romarkod that if tho Public Works Commission woro co.isod a very much biggor sum would bo saved ! i But then tho ouotstion is. could cithoi- oi such things bo done ? Certainly tho Government Gazette ia a necessity, — just us is the London Gazette. But it is equally certain that much of tho diabolical rubbish which thoso who inspire tho columns of tho Government Gczettc placo therein could bo omitted ; and in many Ways the publication could be made more self-supporting. ilany an official matter could be more clicaply published in a local newspaper (and to far better advantage as-to dissemination of it) than in tho Gazitte. Perhaps Mr. McCourt had in view any littlo iadvantage which the stopping of tlio Gazette might bo to local newspapers ; and he might even be contemplating running another one. However, if the country can't afford an official publication of the character of the Gazette, there aro thoso who aro willing to pay tho Government a good sum for tho right of it upon cortain conditions, and while making truore popular and valuable to tho public also ' put money in thoir purse.' A diligent yet sprightly correspondent's letter (who evidently knows oomothini» about tho Land's Office) appears iu another column. With regard to the same it has often struck us that the valuable timo of soleetors is wasted and much unnecessary expense anil inconvcnicuee caused to them by com pelling them to appear at the local land court no frc ouentlv There does seem to bo wanted a reform k ? :.„i »l,n estate. And undoubtedly the surgeons maoy fees and expenses are a great tax on what should bo, if anything, public revenue— instead of proving, as undor the present oystom, really a revenue raised to pay highly-salaried officials— and in cases even to keep up ghosts. % Wo nupposo ono duty which the Works Commit tee of the Moss Vale Council ought to take particu lar care in carrying out is that of the keeping of onr footpaths in a fit stato for the public to walk over. But tho prosont Works Committee evidently followed a previous one in tho early incorporation of the town, and finding a precedent for bad footpaths they determined to perpetuate the error, and inaka the former committee's folly a guido for thoir own wisdom. The footpath lead ing from the railway bridge to tho Post Office, in stead of being a credit to tile town is, and has ever beenaglaringoxampleofncglcctcddutyby theWorka Committee. Now they are placing beastly soft clay aud inferior bumping stones on a por tion— and taking timo at that. Last Sunday (wo aro told) a member of tho Works Committee came out of his residenco and on his way to church in thin Sunday boots, he put a tender foot on top of a protruding stone and was so made mad with | pain that ho said so backward — and did not go on to tho church. Walkers along here are daily to be pitied, and although wo are told that I some screenings aro to be placed on top — yot we I don't expect to seo them until next summer, for tho path seems as likely to be as wretchod this winter as it was lost and the winter before and before, Jsc. * * Elsewhere wo give extracts from a leader in the Star upon Dr. Cullen and his recent address delivered in Moss Vale. Now we do not wish to back up Dr. Cullen in this journal as being a good member to represent this electorate simply because he has the three letters (L.L.D.) at the ond of his name. But tho Star (usually more fair in its arguments and statements) deliberately goes out of its way and libels the doctors of Camden by charging them with being such fools as to havo elected Dr. Cul len solely and simply because ho had at tained that honorable degree. This is alto, gether a statement devoid of truth. The electors of Camden are not such idiots as to simply vote for titles, whether thoy be collegiate, religious, naval, military, or what not. Tho Star would have been just as truthful if it had said that the electors votod for Dr. Cullen bccause ho had a long link of ancestors. What the electors voted for was a man who had worked him self up to an honorable position, and who would thoy felt sure serve them with a good and true purpose. For ? the Star to call Dr. Cullen the most ignorant man in Parliament as to the economic condition of the country is an insult to tho electors of Camden— for whatever may bo one's fiscal creed, to hear Dr. Cullen's address on Saturday night last left 'one sure that he had studied more deeply tlie economic condition of this country than perhaps three parts of the Parliamentary mem ?bcrs would trouble to, or perhaps have brains to enable tliem to. 