english notes. The Queon-Emjiress lias been photographed no fewer than 635 times, and moro copies lmve been sold than in tlie case of tlie photo graph of any other person now living. Mr. Snmlluy has been describing an inci- dent in ono of his London loiters, which lends to confirm, ho says, tlio theory, now strongly held, that Mr. Gladstono is im mortal. He was at Dollis- liill from a Satur day to Monday, and his jihysician, Sir Andrew Clark, had been invited to moot him. .Sir Andrew - arrived shortly before dinner, saw Mr. Gladstone, thought him looking wliito and tired, and proposed a walk. "Yea," aaid tlie Prime Minister, and they loft the houso together. When the old mail's foot touched the turf and a breath of tiic open air had filled his lungs, he turned to .Sir Andrew and said " Why not make it a rim and off ho went. Ho will bo 84, Mr. Sinalloy reminds his readers, in December. In his gossip "From behind the Speaker's Chair" in this mouth's Strand, Mr. Lucy telle a story about Mr. Chamberlain which is instructive, if true, and concerning which Mr. Lucy says, "If I were at liberty to mention tlio authority it would bo accepted as unimpeachable, " On May 4, 1882, tlio day on which Mr. W. E. Forster's resigna tion of tlie Irish Secretaryship was an- ummccd, Mr. Chamberlain, we are assured, consulted at least one friend as to tlie policy lie should jnirsue when lio went to Dublin as Mr. Forster's successor. Next day a writ was moved for a new election in tlie West Riding consequent on Lord Frederick Caven dish's appointment as Chief Secretary in Irelund, and " the first intimation of this arrangement Mr. Chamberlain received was when, from his place on tlie Treasury Bench, he heard tlie writ moved for." Mr. W.T. Stead is unreasonable and in satiable. He has lately been amusing him self — and, it was fondly iiopcd, found sufficient anil tolerably harmless occujiatiou — in cultivating a taste for "spooks," ami trying to stock the world with imaginary ghosts and disembodied spirits. Now lie lias a plan for abolishing another sort of spirits, or at any rate for curing those who have an inordinate liking for them. He is advertising for "half a dozen first-class drunkards— con firmed, hopeless, sin-soildcn dipsomaniacs,'' on whom he can experiment with a quack sjiecific, about which he tells us nothing hut that it will have such an effect upon them that after (losing enough they will bo " cap able of swimming in whisky without tasting a drop." In September last Professor Garner lefb Liverpool for South-west Africa, where lie intended to locate himself in a steel cage iu order to study the language of the monkey, and by instruments, phonograph, etc., to jilacc it on record. C'ajitaiu Button, of the African mail steamer Nubia, wliieli lias just at rived at Liverpool from Africa, brings a letter which lie has received from the jiro- l'essor. This letter is from Fcrnan Vara, and is dated from his steel cage, which lie has named Fort Gorilla. Tlie jirofcssor is under stood to have made great jirogrcss with his mission. A very large collection of curiosi ties and animals lias bepn made by Professor Garner, who, in his Iellor to Captain Button, says he lias one of the " finest gorillas ill Africa, and a chimpanzee thai would make your mouth water." If lie jiossibly can, Pro fessor Garner intends to return ill tlio Umbria with Captain Button next voyage, so Unit lie may reach Liverpool about liireo months hence. A curious and not generally familiar sccno ill connection witli tiie House of Commons is (the J Jail// Hews says) the daily gathering of waiters on tlie look-out for a job. Tlie busi ness in tlie dining-room of tlie House of Com. mons is so uncertain that tiie kitchen com mittee do not find it convenient to engage a full service of waiters. , There is a small per. nianent staff, recruited from day to day by odd moil. A crowd of these, at 6 o'clock each evening, throng tho courtyard approach" ing the kitchen, like navvies at tlie dockyard waiting for work. Lord Salisbury and his family, after a fortnight at the Chalet Cecil, at Diejijiu, liavo returned to Loudon. According to a letter just received from Dieppe (says tlie Evening News and Post) las visit, with its temjiorary withdrawal from all anxieties and fatigues, lias done him no end of good. His stop is lighter, his form more vigorous, and his eye brighter that when lie left London, with all tlie fatigues of that season — political, social, and oratorical, not to mention tho mere effort of tlie daily routine — weighing liiin down. The Chalet Cecil is very prettily situated on tlio heights above tlie town, from which there is a steep ascent to tlio gardens of tho villa. The house is in the French- Italian style, and iu front of it runs a broad terrace looking towards the sea. An extraordinary correspondence (says tlie Home News of August 23) has been taking jilace iu tlio columns of the Daily Chronicle, There lias been within the past week or 10 days quite an epidemic of suicides, which have naturally attracted considerable atten tion, and the idea that self-slaughter is not a wholly iinjiardoiiiihlo tiling is ajijiarently on tlio increase. Not "long ago a young German poet shot himself and liis young wife because the world was not sufficiently prompt iu roeoguising his genius, and lust week another young man committed suicide because, in a word, he was "tired of life," its disappoint ments, and its drudgeries. Both left letters for posthumous publication, tlie latter of tho two being addressed Lo the Daily Chronicle. Mr. William Archer, upon reading this ejiistle, indited what is surely tlie most reck less jiieee of literary pessimism ever printed over a responsible signature. Mr. Areherq who is one of our best known und most successful critics, claims for every individual a right to deatli whenever ho pleases. He would favor tlie existence of a lethal chamber where those who are weary of the struggle of lite may find an end to all tilings earthly. The number and ability of the letters in which this counsel of darkness was denounced are I nippy proofs that Mr. Archer has little support among healthy minds. Suieiile in 99 eases out of 100 is duo lo a mental slate which time and tlie change of circumstances would remove. Men and women who give up life because tlie battle is not at tlie moment in their favor are cowards of the most arrant kind, anil only the most confirmed adherent of the modern school of jiessimisni could find a word to say in their defence. Mr. Archer is a student of Ibsen. Is iiis theory of the right to dentil an outcome of Ibseiiism '! If so, tho less that is done to jjojiulariso tlio views of tlio Norwegian novelist the better for society. Mr. Harry Furncss writes: — "It is no longer Shakespeare that spoils bankruptcy, hut stocks. Mr. Irving, whose company started for America on August 17, will with out doubt fill bis coffers with Jonathan's dollars when ho produces his Shakespearian plays in tlio States ; but the city man who deals with American jiicecs oil tho Stock Exchange is a beggar. According to tlio City Press, a transaction recently by one of tlio wealthiest firms of G'ajiel-eourt, involving a turnover in excess of £200,000, resulted in a profit of £80 ; and lio doubt tlicy congra tulated themselves that tliey did not lose everything ! Small wonder if tliey in tended pulling up their shutters and retiring from business altogether. Members of the Stock Exeliango would, of lato, make much more by selling penny faus in tlie street than tlicy would in their offices or in ' Gorgonzola-lmll.' I met an intimate friend of mine lust Monday morning as ho arrived in town hv an early train, having lorn himself away from his wife and family at the seaside. He jumped into a hansom and told tlio man to drive him to the Oval, where the Australia v. England match was to be played. ' It's no use going to tlio office.' lie explained, 'and I daren't, go oil '(/linage, i rami. make money at tlie Oval ; but then I can t lose niiv. What witli tlio heat, the Jlomu Kuie lull, and the stagna tion of business. London during llie last week lias been a place to avoid." Tlie /In, Pier savs the discovery of coal at Dover seems l.o lie attracting considerable attention at the present, time on l.lie other side of the Channel, lie: inhabitants el i. alms desiring le know whether that nsehil mineral passes under or near llie loan. 