[?] i(\ ' CHAPTER XXV. -(Continued.) ; j; "When you are the person that r most wants some sea breezes !" Mrs. | Fielding said. " No — perhaps we had y better wait another month, as Georgina f;. says. We must not run the chance of -i being mixed up with low people and !: of being thought vulgai;, Miss Fane; better far to lose a little health.' But 'I dinner is ready. Ted, glyc Mildred ' your arm ; I will bring Gebrgina.'' Captain Fielding was right — Miss Fane was beginning to look woefully ' ill. The dull weight of pain she had f daily to bear and to hide, the ! . over tension of her nerves, her pride | and love constantly alike outraged, the suspense — waiting for she knew 3 not what — were all telling upon i her very unmistakably. She felt contempt for herself that she could r nob stifle her love forNeal Haversham ; who, the more worthless he appeared to be, became only the dearer to her. To torture herself with forced in- v difference in her manner to him, to ! oppose him in every little thing at ;> overy point where opposition was pos sible, and to subject herself to his still ; thinking that she cared for him were ' intolerable to her, and she began to think seriously that sbo must give up her present home and kind friends, , that such near neighborhood to ' Doctor Haversham, such constant and i yet unkind intercourse with him, she ) could endure no longer — for never had I she loved him so well, never could she | so love anyone again, j. But nil desperandum was evidently | Neal Haversham's motto. He had been deceived successfully so far by ' Miss Fielding ; bub, as he understood ' her better, he began to believe less in what she had told him. He began to see ! signs in Mildred's manner to himself 1 that proved at leasts that he was not : indifferent ,to her ; had he been, she >- would have treated him with less dis dain (and with more ordinary friend ship. Neal was still "at sea" regarding Mr. Mitchell; but he meant to be patient and accept Mildred's present treatment for a quid pro quo in the past; and once again Miss Fielding thought her own flirtation seemed to be progressing more hopefully. # .# Doctor Haversham had driven bis new horse over to Cedar Hill, and laughingly heard Captain Fielding's disapproval of it. " It has brought me like the wind," he said ; "it is the fastest stepper I have ever seen. It has a few eccen tricities certainly ; but they only ainuse me, and I flatter myself that I am a good whip." '."Well, I unhesitatingly put a veto upon your ever driving my wife be hind the brute," Captain Fielding an- " nounced. "And I should so like once to sit behind him, Doctor Haversham !" Georgina declared. She was certainly no coward. " You are beyond my control, Georgina, and seldom take my advice, ' but I strongly urge you not to go — and the children I prohibit. Miss Fane, you will be guided by me, I am sure 1" " I am not likely to be tempted at all, Captain Fielding, and, if I were, I should certainly remember your ad vice ;" and then she bent down her head again over her work with terrible industry, but she could see Doctor Haversham's handsome faithless face close to Georgina's and her smiling assent — it was doubtless an appoint ment for the next day. " Mildred, will you find the opera of "Fidelio " for me ? Doctor Haversham wants it," Mrs. Fielding's high clear 1 voice asked suddenly ; and she rose quickly to get it, glad of an excuse to go into the little ante-room where the library was. " Oh, but it is beyond your reach — I forgot," Edith said ; but Mildred did . not hear. """ Neal Haversham did, though, and in a moment he had followed her, be wildering her in the search for the book, so that she could not read a name on. the dazzling scarlet bindings. "Mildred, you did not tell me the truth when you said that I was noth ing to you — do you remember 1" ho asked, earnestly, in a low voice, with his face close to hers. . What a despicable torturer she felt he was ! Why did ho never leave her a moment's peace which ho had the power to disturb ? Mortified love rose in her heart, and tears of guiltless shame to her eyes. " I believe you really hate me, Mildred," ho said. "I do indeed, Doctor Haversham, with all my heart and soul — how bitterly you can never tell," she de clared passionately. " All, I thought so — I see it in your face." But he did not ; ho saw what pleased him much more. Why should she hate him were he nothing to her— were she happy in her love for the rich Mr. Mitchell, as Georgina had so carefully wished him to believe ? His cool, clear judgment saw deeply into her heart ; he had studied it too well in the past for it to bo a sealed book to him now. If she hated him, it was only hatred springing from a hurt unquenchable love — he knew that quite well, and ho laughed softly, mad deningly it seemed to her, at the; glad knowledge. ,Ib was no place there to tell her of his love ; a long explanation would be needed on both sides, and he might hurt his cause by a whisper of his suit before he had subdued alike her love and her pride. "See, Mildred, your hand has been on the book you seek for the last three minutes. Your eyes are not so bright as they used to be in olden times, I fear," he said, mocking, and with pro voking coolness ; and then she pulled out the offending volume with such force that she brought down half a dozen others with it ; and again Neal Haversham laughed while he stooped to aid her in replacing them. " Pray take the book and leave me, Doctor Haversham," she requested, haughtily ; and then he went. Poor, tortured Mildred strove to crush back her pain and anger, and recall her self-control, that she might return to her post in the drawing- room, and not arouse surprise at her absence. In a few minutes more Miss Fielding would have followed them in search of the book. Doctor Haver sham was longer from her side than she thought necessary, aud her temper rebelled beyond control even to him. "I am tired to-night, and shall not play any more, Doctor Haversham," she said, when he was placing the book on the desk of the piano ; " but it will do for the next time you come." "You are rather suddenly tired, Miss Fielding, are you not 1 But pray do not play any more. Let me give you some wine." Wine and glasses had just been put on a side-table. " We are all tired to-night," Edith Fielding said. "The Captain here has been asleep for the last half hour, though he is pretending to read, and Miss Fane looks liko a ghost. Make her have some wine in charity, Doctor Haversham." Neal, nothing loth, handed Mildred a glass, which she took to avoid a refusal being noticed, and while her fingers touched the glass Neal Haver sham's hand covered them with a warm pressure. The wine must have been spilt over her dress and the ground had she resisted — and Mildred could never be rough or unwomanly ; but, if a look could have killed, Doctor Haversham would have been a dead man on the spot. He turned smilingly away. Half an hour later the household at Cedar Hill had retired to their respective rooms, Neal Haversham having just driven away from the door behind his new horse, which seemed rather alarmingly spirited. / CHAPTER XXVI. Mildred wasloosening her hair before the toilet-glass, and turning over in her mind the—to her — unpleasantly event ful evening she had had ; nevertheless she felt her dignity had been rather satisfactorily upheld on the whole. She had no doubt but that Neal Haversham implicitly believed her statement that she hated him — and that, of course, was a very desirable belief to have instilled into his mind — at least so she told herself, even though to her it might be a little less delight ful in the 'result than in the theory ; but it was done. She was sure now that she should soon be able to see him in his true light — at his full worth — if she failed to do so just at present. Her reveries were interrupted by a violent ringing at the hall door, and soon she heard voices below, the owner of one of which ascended to Captain Fielding's room, and then again to some rooms above, where the man servants slept ; and soon after she could hear voices and some quick steps on the stairs, a few hurried directions in the hall below, the meaning of which she could not catch, and then it seemed to her that Captain Fielding left the house with one or two com panions. She listened breathlessly for a few seconds, and then thought of going to Mrs. Fielding. But there could be no alarm of burglars, or Captain Fielding would scarcely have left the house unprotected; any fear of fire would have been quickly betrayed to them all ; and, knowing how nervous Edith Fielding was, Mildred hesitated before alarming her unnecessarily. She listened alternately at the door and window, but all was still as death. A quarter of an hour later there were steps grinding the gravel beneath her window — steps impeded by some heavy woilit, and which seemed to enter the house unlightened, and then ascended the stairs to the iirst floor, where her room was. She listened now in an agony of dread, her heart standing still with the horror-stricken thought which had just entered it. She could hear nothing but whispered voices, apparently giving directions. A horseman had ridden off quickly up the avenue, and sus pense was no longer endurable to her. She opened the door, intending to seek someone, and ran quickly down the servants' staircase, one fear only in her mind now. Suspense was soon ended, but her pain was not lightened. At the foot of the stairs she met Jane, the housemaid, with a white, scared face. " Oh, miss, have you heard 1 How dreadful it is !( Poor Doctor Haver sham was thrown from his dog-cart at the turnpike, and Miles says he is dead ! Master wont to him, and havo sent off for Mr. Price, at Longtree, and he is taken into our spare room ;" and J ane's tears fell fast and easily for the fate of the handsome doctor. Mildred heard but three words, "Not dead, Jane — not dead !" her own voice cried aloud in its agony, and then she waited for no reply, but flew upstairs again like the wind, she knew not whither — to some place for relief, to hear the dreadful news denied — and in her blind baste she dashed against Captain Fielding. All self-control, reserve, concealment, were thrown to the winds now. She caught his arm roughly. " He is not dead — not dead 1 Tell mo anything but that l" she said, im ploringly, her face ashy- white and frightened, her eyes dilated with a great terror. "No, child, ho is not dead; Calm yourself, or you may disturb him. We are close to his door. Poor fellow, he has had an ugly fall through that beast of a horse; but please Heaven, it may not be so bad as we first thought." "Thank Heaven !" she exclaimed ; and Captain Fielding's eyes were opened suddenly to read clearly into Mildred's heart, which he knew now he had been able to do for a long time past, though his wife had always laughed at liim for the thought. (to be continued.) 