MERRY-GO-ROUNDS FAIRS. AND [By an occasional Correspondent.] The presence of a merry-go-round wi our town has a tendency to re-awaken scenes long past, and to impress upon us the fact that there is still " a sijrht of human nature" in girls and boys, and tastes hare not materially altered since those days when its advent would have been productive of much rejoicing is our own hearts. But if boys and girls show no great signs of alteration, merry-gorounds do. The horses I was once familiar with were not the beautiful'y painted prancing steeds I see to-day. (I think I can remember one or two blue, although i am sure I could never have chosen one so opposed to natnre.) I remember no omnibuses, and the propelling power was supplied by two men turning handles. The music again was of the most wretched description, and the old rattle-trap box organ was presided over by the ancient dame who sat at the re ceipt of customs, and who had developed an eagle eye by constantly watching for boys of a more adventurous spirit who might try to cheat her out of the dues it was her province to collect. The length of ride was in those days short, and was determined by the endurance of the men, and the number of customers waiting. If business was brisk and the men had felt justified in squandering four pence on a quart of four ale, the ride was short and sharp, and it was not long before the riders were ignominiously jerked off amidst much grumbling. But now a-days what a change, the horses are whizzed round by steam, a steam whistle notifies that the gallant chargers are impatient for another load, and the same power works the Italian organ. Besides look at the variety of merry-go-rounds, velocipedes. switchbacks, and boats arranged hat the movement shall be so true to nature that the effect is almost as beneficial as the real article is supposed to be. ?Tot alone in merry-go- rounds is so much improvement seen, but in every toy or book manufactured for our children's pleasure. Look at one of Juraean's exquisite dolls with its ball dress, dinner dress, walking dress, and think of the painted wooden arrangements of joints articulated with wooden pegs and painted face with as much resemblance to a human being as to a fish, that was made to do service for us in our young days, as a doll. Compare one old play books, wretched daubs of impossible children, and impossible appletreeB and animals, all of the most staring colors ; with the lovely hooks, perfect seitheMc treasures (but unfortunately all marked with that grim legend 1 Made in Germany'), which children send to each other at Christmas. What will be the next improvement one is led to ask. Probably in the matter of merry-go-rounds, it will be the substitution of electricity for steam, and as one reads of the possibility of driving a train at the rate of a thousand miles an hour, (here seems no limit to the speed of a w hirl i gig, so long as life can be sustained by artificial means, for example the in ha lation of compressed air or even by eatmg it solidified into cakes like chocolate crea n, Near my birth place was held annually a very noted fair, the home of merry-gorounds and swing boats, and It was the great desire of my life to be one of the many thousands who visited it from all parts of the country. Fairs, along with . many good old English customs, are fastdisappearing, and it will not be many years before the recollections of them will point to a time as remote as the tinder match period. Nottingham . Goose Fair, Birmingham Onion Fair, Knote.Mili Fair, and Bartlemy Fair exist now in name only. Th« original, idea nf a fair was a place devoted to public discussion, a forum, then it became a market: for the aale of goods. The largest example of it being the annual fair held at Nigus Noogorod, But anyone of the fairs I have named shove it would be impossible to buy anything of mora importance thwn brandy- snaps, gingerbread, Barcelona nuts, cocoanuts, sticks of rock 9 oysters of a very large size, known as Fleetwoods, toys, especially B«ch as are more suitable for presentation to the children o f your enemies, a« trumpets and an instrument of musical torture, composed of a tube of cane closed at each end with parchment, an innocent enough looking instrument, but capable of discounting the yells of the tortured in Dante'e " Inferno." Besides there were peripatetic " tatar roasters," and vendors of hot peas, smoking as they were fished out of the copper-pans with iron ladles and deposited on saucers. The counters and barrows displaying these commodities were on the outskirts of the fair ground, and not on the ground proper lining which were the booths devo'ed to the hundred sights so easily procurable for the moderate sum of one penny. The particular fair ground that I have in my mind's eye was extensive, and situated in the middle of it was a Church, surrounded by iron pailings. Round and round this Church wandered the many thousands of foot passengers so closely packed, and so hurried along that there was no chance ef gelling clear of the stream without a sud den rush in one of the thinner spots. This solid phalanx was rudely broken occasionally by sudden onsets of roughs who arm io arm would break through, bonnett'ng all they came across or running a small cogged wheel down your back, which made a uoise, and gave you a sensation as if the seam of your overcoat had parted from top to bottom with an audible snap. When I was very young I was entrusted to the care of a nurse, who took me in the morn, ing when I could see the shows at leisure , and without crowd, and decide upon the best and largest fairing whole silver sixpence would buy. These annual visits with in) nurse engendered in me in after years a more desperate resolve to be there in the afternoon and evening when the whole fun of the fair was in full swing, and at last I managed it. I was too weak to fight my own battles, and .perhaps wa* a little frightened at the deafenigg noise of shouting men, mixed with the clash of cymbals and the beatings of drums, even now I can bring back the horrible din of the fair. Just as the smell of an orange reminds me of the pit of a theatre, so my recalling these scenes seems to have made my ears ring with the n*ise I heard th ir^ Every person shouted himself or herself hoarse—every person had a punch call. Bands were playing diff erent tunes only » fijw yards apart, aud the showmen, besides crashing at cymbals, were endeavouring to make t tetnaelves heard by yelling down speakiug trumpets, only succeeding, hewever, in making themselves intelligible by pointing to the painted canvas over t=i-m hea is, pourtraying the nature of the s tu<v within. In the morning all was quiet and the ground not crowded. I remember two large shows covered the top end of the ground, Wombwell's Menageries (afterwards Mander's and the Edmond's) or the " Wild Beast Show " as I preferred to hear it called, and next to it Niblo's circus. These were both real top sawyer shows, and were much more ornately gilded and more massive than any other in the ground. They were the Buckingham Palaces of shows and at Wombwell's there was a large Orchestrophon with drums and trumpets all complete. Besides to show their superiority you could not enter under sixpence apiece. At the Menagerie only a few tame animals were exhibited outside on the stage, so that you only knew from the pictures above what to expect inside, but the pictures ! why bles3 you they had men inside who no more thought of popping their heads into lions' mouths than I should of putting mine out of the window to see what sort, of a day. Then the circus—on the stage in front a good part at least of the acrobatic performance could be seen. Outside the clowns divided their attention between eating oranges and Sashing off their moBt brilliant quips, and the art of spinning a hat shaped like a jelly bag, all over the stage, seemed tome to be the cons u (nation of all earthly happiness. Then inside in later years, didn't I fall in love with nearly all the fair equestriennes, why I recollect now the admiration I had for all those fairy forms as they tripped along and sprang on to the saddles of the horses, which saddles by the way, were about the size of an ordinary dining table with all its leaves in, and then the clowa and the drunken man who would try to ride the clown's donkey. Bow reflective one can get in after years. I remember laughing very heartily at one of my own children who said about a sylph at a circus, that he thought she was very beautiful. I shouldn't really be at all surprised if she were not one of those left from Niblo's circus. The other booths were never so well patronized as the circus, with perhaps the exception of the Theatre where a couple of heart-rending tragedies, or Hamlet and a pantomime could be got through in ten minutes. The plots of the ordinary drama were always very much alike. There was always a dearly belovedyoung man who loved a girl, but was always frustrated by a wicked young maa who was desirous of possessing her himself. Then come plots and the good young man is found in prison, and t&e; naughty one out going in lor awful crimes, but never being punished until something occurs to show the judge he has made au error, and then they change places, and the miscreant is hanged to slow music, whilst the good young man marries his girl, and they sing as the curtain goes down a break-down to prove their happiness to a tune of the " Ch'ckaleary Core " style. Besides the theatre there were always half a dozen fat women to be seen, and perhaps one or two living skeletons, and of course the educated pig was much in evidence. But in later/years I passed these with, scorn. 1 had probably seen so many tonB of fatness in women that.they failed to interest me. But. I liked Pepper's'Ghost— with Faust and VI arurn«rite—and 'I lik^d the marrion-t fes becau e I think, of a daoieskelelon who wal'zed round first of «ll as a properly arranged skeleton, should waltas until his head flew off, then an arm, then another, then his spine until 'only one fo«t remained, when the members all miraculously., came back one after the other and air tngsd themselves so tfcat^ (heskeleton danced away in high glee. I never cared much for the _ 8 >arijng tents where the " noble hart of self defence was " taught in ttlf a jiffy,?? but I liked novelties and I remember when I first saw the lady who had no .ama, but who cut out green . paper patterns, for.-the- inside-of your watch case with her feet, for a pen^iy extra, that wag a novelty. But dwarfp, fat women, living skeletons and such like began to pall my taste, and I would; Slave none of them. ' £ remember on one eventful occasion when I had began to '' feel my leg " as it were, I stayed until 4he pirafiri. Jamps were being extinguished, and if t^ey smelt decidedly strong aVi they were burning, the odour was a trifle more pen«^»- ting when the _ men were intructed to " douse the glim." With all this crowd, and there must have been thousands there t there was mnrked good humour throughout, and an absence of fighting or horse play with the exception perhaps of the rusli of the roughs I have mentioned before. If a joke was played upon you it was much better to enjoy it as much as the perpertrator did, and probably you would»then come off scot free. Well the fairs are gone or fast going and there is a worse aspect than that, we get older and the spirit to enjoy them is also fast going or gone. The recollection probably to me is much more pleasant than the recital -to your readers, but there let it stand it is only a reminiscence ana no more. 