THE LAND OF THE OYMET * 11 Little Switzerland,' as it is some times called, is less known— excepting in so far as its natural beauties are concerned — to English-speaking peoples, at home and abroad, than any other part of Great Britain. The his tory, the literature, the folk-lore, the superstitions and traditions, the social life and national sentiment of the Scottish and Irish peoples have been copiously recorded. But those of Wales offer an almost virgin field ; and the lady to whom we are indebted for '? Glimpses of Welsh Life and Char acter' has been evidently embarrassed by the. abundance of the materials which she had to select from ; and each chapter might probably bave been ex panded into a volume with very 'little ?difficulty- The principality Beems to have been the last part of the United Kingdom to undergo the revolution brought about by steam and the modern print ing press; and among its secluded valleys and lonoly mountains still linger habits and customs, and types of human character, which are the sur vivals of a comparatively primitive form of civilisation. In the old pre railroad days these were still more strongly accentuated. Most of the retail trade in what are now called 'soft goods,' was conducted by itinerating packmen, generally Scotch ; and when once they crossed the threshold and established a connection, on the time-payment or tally system, they could never be shaken oft ' One old woman declared that her family opened an account with a packman, and for forty years they were in his clutches, having, during that time, paid more than triple the real value of the goods. In those days the packman was to the villages what the newspaper is to-day. He brought the latest news about everybody and everything, and as he went from house to house he varied the news to suit the listeners.' In country places tbe home life is described as being, even now, just as it was a hundred or more years ago. People are frugal but hospitable, and tWines of conviviality are promoted by the consumption of home-made metheglin and rhubarb wine, with the addition of cream-cakes and honey. ' Sheep are still milked in Wales, and the cheese made out of the milk is very delicious. Sheep's milk and cream are used by the Welsh house-mother in Nicholas Bound had substituted the rigours of the Jewish Sabbath for the time- honoured recreations of the Christian Sunday, and declared that ' to ring more bells than one upon the Lord's Day to call the people into church was as great a sin as to commit murder.' In the early part of the present century organs were rarely or ever met with in Welsh places of worship, and the psalms were sung to the accompaniment of a violoncello, bassoons, clarionets, and violins. 'Crying lost goods, and making ordi nary parochial announcements in church,' we are told, ' was a general practice as late as 50 years ago. The clerk, in the tone and manner of a town crier, called out aloud : — ' Lost, stolen, or strayed I Threee fat sheep and a very lean cow. Whoever will return the same to the lower house shall be suitably rewarded.'' Field ing's Parson Trulliver found many parallels, it is to be feared, among the Welsh clergy, even as recently as the three first decades of the present century, partially justifying the old Welsh adage that ' it is by tbe vicar's skirts that the devil climbs into the belfry.' A convivial parson was generally popular with his flock, and one of these in the west of Glanmorgan used to enter church on Sundays dressed in his every-d&y; suit, which included white corduroys and yellow gaiters, put on his surplice, and say aloud to the clerk, ' Billy, what day of the month is it 1 ' Another rector of the old school used to go to church and wait for a con gregation which never came. After the sexton had rung the bell four or five times in succession, and nobody had put in an appearance, the rector would ask his subordinate, ' What shall we do ? ' ' Leave it to the devil !' was the irreverent and abrupt reply j and forthwith the rector and the sexton adjourned to the Plough and Harrow, where they held a meeting more con genial to their tastes. To a much earlier period belongs a sermon preached by the Rev. David Morgan, rector of Llanymawddy, on the Garden of Para dise. It was not very edifying, but it must have bepn highly amusing. Here is one of its characteristic passages : — ' All sorts of trees did go there — plum trees, gooseberry trees, strawberry trees, pear trees, and apple trees. Talk about apple dumplings, you men of Llanymawddy, you do boast of your apple dumplings as if there was no apple dumplings in all the world like them, and indeed they are very good, only they do want a little more sugar ; but if you had apples from the Garden of Paradise, you would want no sugar at all.' The original manuscript of this sermon is preierved in the British Museum, as it surely deserves to be. One of the most curious customs, which are described as still prevalent in Wales, and as being particularly popular in Cardiganshire, is that of marriage by capture. ' On the morn ing of the wedding day,' it appears, «' the bridegroom and his friends pro ceed to the residence of the bride's father, where they find the door locked, and the relatives and friends of the bride prepared to resist the bride groom's entry.' After some scuffiiug and an animated dialogue, chiefly in verse, the bridegroom is admitted ; but where is the bride 1 She site disguised as an old crone in one corner, and, when found, is conducted to church or chapel ; but no sooner has she reached it than ' she is seized by her father and brother or Other relatives, who ride or drive on with her. A chase ensues, and when the bridegroom catches the party, the bride is delivered into his keeping ; then they return to thechurch, and tbe wedding ceremony proceeds in the usual manner.' Here we have, surviving in Great Britain, at the end of the 19th century, i practice originating among savage races, in prehistoric times, and which lias extensively prevailed in the four quarters of the globe. Plutarch speaks of it in Sparta, Apulelas ia Borne ; it was common among the aboriginal in habitants of India ; and it is still to be found among the native tribes on this continent, in New Zealand, and in many of the islands of the Pacific An old man, describing to Miss Trcvelyan the modes of travel which obtained within his recollection, stated to her that it was far from uncommon ' to meet half a dozen men carrying their wives pick-a-back to or from chapel, when the roads were in a very terrible condition. I have often,' be added, 'seen the parson's wif e going to a dinner party at the squire's. She had no carriage-Htot she — and the roads were in some places over ankle deep with mud. So she went on the back of her man-servant And if it rained in the summer. she would go pick-a- back to church for fear she might 'dirty*, her slippers.1 Only seventy years ago people who had been guilty of. adultery were compelled to do public penance. ' The guilty woman. sovered with a white sheet, was com pelled to walk with her paramour, if known, up the nave of the parish church during the hours of divine ser vice.' For shrews, scolds, and immoral women, the ducking stool was called into requisition. ' This stool, or chair, was fixed to the end of a long pole, arranged so as to be easily moved up and down over a nsillpond, or, prefer ably, a pool of stagnant and noxious water. The scold was seated in the chair, and bound securely with cords, and then the men, taking hold of the long pole, dipped or ducked the culprit in the water.' As recently as 1846 shrews were thus soused in mill nonds. That the Welsh are an exceedingly musical race is a very well-known fact, and the language, although un promising to the eye, owing to the re dundance of consonants, is said to be exceedingly melodious, and well adapted, therefore; for purposes of song. Singing, in fact, appears to be us natural to the people of the princi pality as to the birds that fill their woodlands. 'From their cradles to their graves,' writes Miss Trevelyan, 'song and hymns are to be heard, Tbe Welsh mother, nursing her babe in the rocking-chair or old- fashioned oaken cradle, sings the songs of her land as Bhe rocks to and fro. The Welsh housewife sings while she works ; the men sing to their horses, the lads sing to their oxen, and the milkmaids 6ing to the cows.' Song forms an im portant part of all bridal festivities, and there are ** singing funerals' in Wales, on which occasions ' hymns are sung from the house to the church, and from thence to the grave.' What is called 'pennillion' singing is de scribed as resembling buflo singing in Italian opera, but more varied in style, and the vocalist leads, while the harpist has to follow him. Every little town in Wales has its own Eisteddfod ; and as nianv as 50,000 persons have been known to assemble at the great gatherings of these bodies in Christmas week. In primitive ages the national Eisteddfod combined the functions of a parliament with the pleasures of a musical festival, and appears to have resembled, in the former respect, tbe Swiss Referendum of our own days. Speaking of Welsh poetry, Miss Trevelyan states that its chief charac teristic is ' its wonderful alliteration, woven around beautiful similes and metaphors. It contains striking in terrogations and fine apostrophes, while vivid personification is blended with grand exclamations and brilliant climaxes that increase in dignity and force as they advance. It abounds with synonyms and striking autonyms, and through all the melody is sustained with unflagging force. Another great merit in Welsh poetry is the marked, and I think I may safely say, the total absence ot sensualism, .mere is nuunuf; in it to offend the purest mind, and although its imagery may be equalled, it remains unrivalled.' And in order to show that she does not exaggerate its merits, Miss Trevelyan translates numerous passages from Taliesin, who lived in the sixth century ; Llwyarch Hen, a warlike singer; Dafjdd ab Gwilym, the Celtic Chaucer and Petrarch ; and some of the later poets. One of Taliesin's mythological poems, expounding the Druidical doctrine o£ the transmigration of souls, is almost as modern in expression as Mr. W. W. Story's 'Cleopatra,' which is based noon the same idea. Altogether, MiEs Trevelyan has pro duced a book which is full of informa tion upon subjects that are very little known to the general reader, and she presents it in such a way as to be no ess entertaining than instructive. Her chapters on the hill people and tne rale women, the parsons, squires, and country doctors of the past, on the traditions and superstitions of Wales, on smugglers and wreckers, eccentric characters, folk-lore, and ghost stories are especially interesting, introducing us, as they do, to modes of civilisation that are rapidly passing away, and to usages, sentiments, and beliefs, that appear almost anachronisms on the eve of the 20th century. During May last over 6000 pilgrims left Tunis for Mecca, and about 3000 more sailed from the other ports on the coast. It is estimated that of these 4500 persons perished on their way to or from the holy city. When the pil grims landed on their return it was then learned for the first time that scarcely 2000 of all who had Started from Tunis had come back. Heart rending cries of wailing and lamenta tion *rose from the vast throng of women, of whom some were carried away fainting, while others threw them - selves on their knee*, *nd supplicated the Prophet with trended fervor to re store to them the lost So frightfully did the cholera rage at Mecca that it was impossible for any living creature to approach the place. pastry-making, especially tordumpungs and boiled puddings.' The art of turn ing night into day seems to be un known in the rural districts of the principality. ' The people dine at 12 or 12.30. They have tea at 4 odock and supper about 8, when, in some parts of Wales, the curfew oell is still rung In well-regulated families every body goes to bed at 10 o'clock, and often before that hour.' In bygone times Sanday sports were almost uni versal. The parishioners attended ?divine service in the morning, and in the afternoon during the summer months interludes and bandy matches twere played. 'Those interludes, to .gether with tbe sports, were announced by the paraA cWk at the close of the anorning service. The clergyman and tbe clerk joined in the Sunday sports, *nd the former was generally an adept tk football, bandy- quoits, and bowlinK.' This was, of course, before ur. 