cTlir^civuin^iillrtîu, ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER S), 1893. SEPARATION. Nothing is easier than to make oui anticipations harmonize willi oui wishes, especially where there is roon for speculation. Indulgence in tlii¡ weakness is not uncommon, mid mani festntions of it have heen exhibited it the. Brisbane press, in connection witl the question of Separation. The subject hus never been discussed on ccononiii and constitutional principles. Tilt feelings of the Brisbane press have beer manifested in many ways, mid in theil expression we have had assertions ant speculations. Til connection willi tl» dehnte on Separation last, week, wi have been told that it ought lo lay tin ghost of Territorial Separation for soini years to come, because it showed then was no real vitality in the movement outside the prospective capitals o Rockhampton and Townsville. Wlietliei the proof of this to bc drawn from tin discussion is sufficient to warrant sucl a conclusion, our renders can judge. Ii ought to be remembered the subject liai been so thoroughly debated on man] former occasions, that there was litlh need for display of wordy fervour 01 loquacious enthusiasm at this time Besides, it has become quite eviden to the advocates of Separation tim further discussion upon it in tin present Legislative Assembly would bi like beating the air,-a wnste o time and effort. The contention tba thc vitality of the movement in tin Central Division has been derived frou the leader of it, and has owed it energy to interested motives, is no* based on patent facts. This species o: argument may he accepted in Brisbane and if weight is to be attached, it wil show by what inspiration the people o the metropolis are moved. Vhctliei Separation would give nn impulse tx speculation in land, and bring on tin boom, for which it is said Air. Curtis i aiming, is not at till certain-is, indeed wholly problematical. It suits oui southern contemporary to state this fo the purpose of argument ; but it is i mere supposition, on which fair reason ¡Hg ought not to be based. It is als« placing the public spirit and menta independence of the people of tin Centra] District on a very low level, ti contend that they have been influencée to act ns they have done under tin stimulus of the selfish consideration .ind arguments of one individual. T< put out (ti sight all the good reason: which have been used in favour o Separation, and dwell only upon thi: personal element in the matter, is no fairly dealing with the subject. Anion; the contentions of the advocates o Separation have been these, that tin independence of the Central divisioi would lead to the enlarged production: of the soil, to the establishment of nev industries, and the general well being of the community. Ovei and over again it has been pointed oui how the material prosperity of tin people and increased productiveness ol thc country would be secured bj autonomy. In connection with tin subject of grazing farms, for instance it'may be pointed out that experience has already shown they are the mean! of increased production. They lead ti: the employment of a larger number ol people and to greater output of wool from specified ureas of country. In other words, the grazing farms already in existence, in proportion to the area occupied by them, in comparison with similar arcas in runs, have given occu- pation to more people, and have led to the production of more wool. Among the causes, which have given force to the demands for Separation, lins been the neglect of the Central Government, in not extending the grazing farm system in the Central Division. In- stead of increasing the number of farms, even after the land lind beeu surveyed for the purpose, the Government sold the country in large blocks to the speculators, and without any conditions, which might lead to its being imme- diately utilized und made productive.. The Southern Division is suffering now from the land having been sold in large arens, to persons who have kept it lying idle in order that they might after a time become possessed of the unearned increment. This lund is uow unproductive, and with the object of getting it put to some use the Govern- ment propose to give for it larger nreas of land in the Central Division. It is this practice of sacrificing the interests of the Central Division, in oi-der to promote those, of the Southern, which has been among the real and genuine grounds of complaint, mid which gives force and substance to the demands for Separation. I; is contended Separation ought to be delayed till the Central Division has paid oh" its proportion of the cost of the public works, for thc liquidation of which the lands in the Southern Division were sold. It hus already been pointed out that the debt due by the Central Division in this con- nection may be distinctly calculated, nnil guarantees will be given for the liquidation of it. Tile Centre has long been paying its share of the interest upon the public debt, and lins ul ways exhibited a willingness to accept full responsibility in the matter. It is to be considered, moreover, that the customs duties and railway revenues of the Centre far exceed the demand of the division, and that the surplus luis been going to meet the interest due by the Southern Division. It is asserted the land question is tim mainspring, in the devisive agitation in Central Queens- land. We recognise tho truth of this assertion, and it is a solid foundation for the controversy which lins been going on. The land, as we arc so often told nowadays, is the source of wealth, and just as it is dealt with, will depend the future happiness and welfare of the people. If tlie public estate in the Central District is to be alienated and squandered, like that in the Southern District, to meet thc exigencies and necessities of Colonial Treasurers, then we may regard the future with great apprehension. When we consider the state of aflairs at present in the Southern District, the cry there is for land, and the difficulty there is in obtaining it, while large areas are lying comparatively useless and unoccupied, to suit the wishes of land-grabbers, we may well endeavour to prevent a recur- rence of a similar condition of things. It is concluded that the actual want of our great colony is not dismemberment, but administrative decentralisation. With that, the advocates of Separation would have been content, but our readers cannot but remember the way in which tlie efforts to concede it were rendered futile by those who are now opposed to Territorial Separation. It remains to be seen whether the ghost of Separation lias been laid for some years to come, by the exorcisms launched against it by the representatives and organs of the Southern Division. The surest way to lay it. short of granting Separation, will be better and less selfish government than the Central Division lias had to complain of. It is quite possible to give us many of the advantages and benelits of decentralization, without re- sorting to statutory measures or enact- ments. So long, however, as the sentiments and opinions of the people of the district meet with no respect or deference ; so long as their representa- tions, witli respect to local affairs, arc unheeded ; and so long as surplus re- venue, earned in this Division, is largely used in developing the interests of the Southern Division, so long will the ghost of Separation flit about among the constituencies, and disturb the peace of Southern administrations. It is a little surprising to find (rom the annual report of the Benevolent Asylum at Dunwich that the increase in the number of thc inmates last year, was less than any year in thc previous six. Judging by the reports of thc dullness in trade, and the general scarcity of employment, it was to be expected that thc increase last year would have been thc largest on record, instead of one of the smallest. To quote figures : In 188* tile in- crease over the previous year was, 27 ; in 18HS, 2.1 ; in 188», 48 ; in 1890, 76 ; in 1891, 07 ; and in 1892, 15. How is this explained ? Dr. Smith, the Superintendent, thinks it is probably due to the unusually large number of admissions in 1891. But the figures hardly bear this out ; fer in 1890 the increase was thc heaviest of all, and on thiB theory 1891 should have been a small instead of a large year. Possibly Dr. Smith may mean that thc increase in 1890 and 1891, being both very large, there was a sort of cleantng-up in these two years, and 1892 had little to work on. However, it way be accounted for, the fact remains that thc increase last year was exceedingly low, and if Dr. Smith's explanation forbids us to extract much coin fort from the fact, still it is decidedly pleasanter reading than a large increase. At thc close of thc year there were exactly 700 inmates of the Asylum, a number equal to 1 '9 in every thousand of the population. Thc ages ran from under twenty to over ninety. Uf thc total number 172 were under fifty, so thc institution is not altogether for the aged poor, as is generally supposed. This is explained by the fact that a large number of the inmates suffer from serious, if not incur- able disease, and the institution is therefore, to a considerable degree, a hospital for incur- ables, many of these unfortunate people being comparatively young. The number who left the Asylum in thc course of thc year wus fewer than usual, and Dr. Smith attributes this directly to the depres- sion in employment. There ure a number of inmates, he says, who, while not able to do a full day's hurd work, could yet easily do light work ; but there ¿re so many robust men ready to take any opening that offers, that men of reduced strength have little chance of em- ployment. So they remain in the Asylum. The Superintendent reports that in thc last titree year» a marked change for thc worse has buen apparent in thc condition of the newly admitted, they are M orso dud and more debilitated than formerly. This is without doubt anet her result of 4he dull times, one that makes the diminished increase in thc total number of inmates still more puzzling. 