-TH I'RIORY GIIOST.- "' (co'odrman.) It had eome to this: the stater was working a for both ; and Versohoyle did not even see what his allowiug her to do so meant I !'What ]indof pride was this?" thought Meredith, his tone showing, perhaps, a little of what was in his mind, as he gravely replied:- - "I can quito understand your objecting to that. You must let your friends use what interestsathey have togetyouinto something, Verscelhoyle. - :" It would be of no use ; at any rate; until \--no. necessity 'for going into that," t moodily kicking a itone across the path. What he wanted just then was money, and his was not the man to whom he could r urn for that, withl his talk about setting to work. How' could he say to this man that . he s had squandered the t Tlat remnant of the small property which adeoeme to him; and that they were liable to be turned out'of the old home, such as it was, at any momont now--his invalid mother, and the sister who had striven so hard to keepthings together-unless heaould'obtain money to stave oilf matters, at any rate, for a time. Pressure was now being brought to bear upon him,-and threats used that unless he paid off the sum of five hundred pounds a sum there seemed no porsibility of procur. 1 ing-charges of fraudulnt borrowing would i be broucht agilnst him which he might find it difficult to combat ins court of law; and he was living from hour to hour in fear of arrest. The Priory itself, and everything it con tained of any value, to the last family portrait that hung upon the walls, had been either mortgaged or sold. II a few heirlooms, in the way of carved furniture--a cabinet or what not-had been allowed still to remain, it was to, as long as possible, keep the knowledge of the worst from his mother and sis'er. He had, In the first few moments of their meeting, hurriedly speculated as to whether anything could be made out of the other's chance visit; but his hopes, if they amounted to that, had very quickl y dUd in lhe remm. I beret the past. There had bhan nothing .eree-handec or gonerous, according to his interpretation of the words, in Meredith. He had shown no inclination to part with his money without a quid pro quo, and lived as though he hadnot a pound to spare, instead of an income of some ten or twelve thousand a year. He had lost his lather in his early boyhood, and the property, carefully nursed for him during a long minority, had largely increased. That, !lke many who spend little Supn themselves, Meredith could be oeven lavishly generous to others, and that there was none to whom one in need could so safely turn for help, Verschoyle did not suspect. He would have been not a little surprised could he have known that many a man had to thank Meredith for help given just at the right moment, and given so quietly that none but the two most concerned were in the secret. Meredith, in fact, cared nothing for the luxuries of life. Capable of doing his share in the world's work, steadily exercising h's beat faculties, and mentally and physically invigorated by the process, he was almost unable to comprehlend a man such as Verschoyle had come to be. " No; it would be of no use," summed up Vereehole, eying him askance. "If I began to tell him about being in need of a few hundreds, he would want to know the whole story ; and it would be no good trying to throw dustiuhis eyes. I wonder what he would do if 1 told him point-blank that I am liable tobehauled off to gaolat any mom.nt for laoen of five hundred pounds ? Button up his pockets, and scurry off without wait ing to test the Plriory hospitality, perhaps; or worse still, begin to preach." Beeingthatthe other wasl disinclined tobe commanloative,Meredith chtngedthe subject, introducing any topic he could think of which he thought might interest him. In vain. Moth felt that they were further apart than when they hadlast met. There was, in fact, a barrier between them which neither knoew how to remove. En rossed in his owu refeetionso, Verschoyle did not keep up the Sfirst-semblance of bonhomie, a little indeed, resenting Meredith's efforti Ia one direction, since he did not seem likelyto make any in another of more importance. - Both men were equally relieved when a Sruddy-cheeked servant-maid appeared at the door, and informed them that dinner would be ready in ten minutes now. Verschoyle led the way into the house, showed Meredith te a room, and then availed himself of the opportunity to say a few hurried words to his sister. " Remember, Madge ; there's no necessity for offering him a bed. Only a ehance visit; that means nothing: and, therefore, dinner is quite enough. How have you contrived "Oh, pretty we'l. No need for pretence. He must know by the general aspect of things how it is with tus.' "' 'ell, give the mother a hint not to press thehospilalitles." "He wooll not cire to remain if she did, I should think; there is nothing to attract him here; " adding, with a little-surprise, " but I should have thought you would have been glad to welcome any one, dull as you find it, Lourenoe." "If I were not in such straits I might. You know I am at my wits' end just now, liable to be seized at any moment for that wretched debt." He had given it the name of debt to her, and she had not the slightest suspicion that it was anything worse. At that moment Allan Meredith entered the room, which not even the shabby furni toreand appurtenances of the dinrner table could render mean looking, with its noble protortions, oak ceiling, carved, high chimney-piece, and oriel window. There was not sufioientcarpet, even for the fashion \--only, indeed, one large, old Turkey rug; and that was spread in the recess of the window, where were also a finely-carvod. high-backed, well-cushioned chair, small work and writing tables, and two or three other last relies of better days, devoted to the use of the invalid; a gentle, sufforing-look ing woman, with traces of great beauty in her thin, worn ace. Meredith was introduced to her by her daughter, with a tone and look which showed she felt she was still something to be prnd of. iaer pride iin, end loting care of, her mother was, indeed, evident enough. Ecen his eyes could see how much more thought had been expended npon the invalid's toilet tbhs upon her daughter's, of which thomost that couldbo said was that it was neat as any village girl's might be. Mrs Verschoyle receitved the stranger with the simplscourtesy ofi good breeding. There wasno allusion by word or look to the altered fortunes of the house; noattempt at explana tion; but a simple, earnest woelcomo which had its fall elect upon Allan Meredith. He noticed, too, at the table that noapologies were made for the dinner, until tho eon temptuous a shrtig of the shoulders which Laurence gave as he glanced from the dish of curried multton at one end to the remainder ofthe ame jofint that icrved as the roast at the other, callcd forth the reply: "It is the best I could do, Lauronce. There ws no time to send into the town, and 1hoped that Mr Meredith might have ruff. clnt appotfte after his walk, perhaps, to be able to dine on what we have ." apologising toherbrother, as shohad not felt it to be necessary to apologiso n to their guest. "That aml I, isies Vorsehoyle," he said, determined that slh should see no ok cof appreeiation on his side. "I have oeaten only a bistui stinoe I o'clock this morn. fag; "going on to explain what had brought him to the neighborhood. 5iI had got a little oat of condition from overwork, and "Overwork I" put in Laurence. "Of what kindP " "Oh, yoiukoowI used to have a fancy for ompaing evidence and latterly e plodded a little tooaclosely in getting .t some Iwaottd," speakIng a little hesitattegly and awkwardly in his desire to avoid seaming to pose. ,,I needed change of scene and more *et-of.door exerie. It happened that a Seal settlement had, jwnt now, to be mads about a small property my father had in this eaunty, and I thousht It -WoUld ie al objset, at any rat.giteve 'no the. change of oaso Sthey talked about, to go and look after the sale myself." - . "I did not know you owned property in this direction, Meredith." : "It was of very little importance; only a small farm; bat there was some competition for it, on account of its joining Lord Drayl town's property. He wanted to take it into hisperk." D "id you let him have it ? " " No ; it wasnot so much a question of money with'me, and the tenant who had held it so' long, and done his best for the house and land had, I considered, the first lclaim. He and Isettled it together withcut much law. He is the possessor of the farm, and Ihave brought away a roll of notes ; that's about all." "I suppose a small farm does not fetch much in these days." said Verechoyle. "This would have fetched more hbad I allowed them to bid one against the other; three or four, instead of two thousand,'I was told." "Two thousand would seem a pretty good haul to some pcoplo. Notes, do you say ?" " Ystly; andpartlyin cheques," replied Meredith, looking a little surprisled. "Do -you carry them-about with you, Meredith? I mean"-nottling the surprise in the' other's face-is it wise-safe, do you think, to go about these lonely places with all that- " breaking off, and horricdlyadding." But, of course, we can'tJ let you go to-night. You must put up with what we have to offer, until the morning, at any rate." Asuddenthought had crossedhis mind. Might it not be possible to appeal to Meredith for a loan? "What a quarter of that money would do for me just now I If I could only open my heart to him, as Madge says. Pehaw I Easy enough for girls, such as ashe, to open their hearts. She wouldn't have been so ready to advise me to do that had she known all." "Mr Meredith would, perhaps, prefer the I inn in the town, Laurence; he might find it more comfortable." put in his sister, a little puzzled by the chence .in his tone but supposing it might be only to keep up t appearances, she went on: " Thera will beh I moon, and-"--" ' Oh. nonsense I" hurriedly interrupted her brother. " You will not mind roughing it for one night, eh, Meredith ? Of course, you must stay." " I hope so, indeed," said Mrs Verechoyle, to whom her daughter had had no time to give the hint her brother badeher give. "I trust you will accept our poor hospitality, Mr "There, that settles it, Meredith. You can't refu.e my mother, now; or she will bo lamenting the little we have to offer." " It is not little to me," replied Meredith, in all sincerity. The chance of spending a few hours in the society of Margaret ° Verschoyle was, indeed, beginning to mean a great deal to him. He had not, before, a met any woman who interested him in this way; and, already, he knew that none other ever would. She said very little now ; having, he noticed, become more silent and abstracted as her brother grew effusive, apparently in the en. deavor to make up for his previous lack of r courtesy. " This is our only drawingroom, Mr Mere dith," she presently said, as she and her mother rose from the table and weont towards the window. "You muse please try to imagine we are not here." r "I woulld rather not do that, Miss Ver. Ssechoyle," he replied, rising to join them. o "But won't you -? You would not find a this claret so bad," said Laurence, adding, a as the other declined, "Well, then, a cigar t on the terrace, if we can dignify it with that a name." " 'Not now, thank you. Lateron, perhaps, if you will join me." "'rhen, I will look after your bag. At the e station,didn't you say? WemightsendSally's brother, ch, Sladge ?' hurriedly quitting the h room. Meredith remrained with the ladies in the n oriel window, while the rough- looking maid , servant awkardly cleared the dinner table, as. w sisted now and again by a smiling word from a her young mistress. S" Y'ou have a good view from here, Mrs e Versehoyle." e " It is good to sne, Mr Meredith. For. :e tunately the bricklields are on the other side; and, seen from here, the part of the a ruin and thoe old garden and orchard have a o charm of their own for me. But one misses d the old elms that used to hide the town, le which my daughter thinks looks best, when h you don't see it," with a smile at the young oe girl. o "And so youdo, dear. Being romantic, you prefer it when there is a mist over it, and Syou have to imagine what is behind the veil, don't you ?" replied her daughter, with s pretty defiance. "4 serious thing to have a d romantic mother, is it not, Mr Meredith ? In these days, too-romance! She hod need e. have amatter-of-fact daughter, hadshenot?" fe He smilingly kept up the same tone, his admiration de epeni? for the bravo heart 's that could make a jest of her diflioulties. How well the mother and daughter seemed to I understand each other in making the best of ' their colorless lives. He soon found they it could talk about something besides the n narrow experiences of their everyday world. t, They were accustomed to think intelligontly, and were not without a spice of humor, as Swell as a romance to east a glamor over their r, surroundings. Goodlisteners, too, showing at a desire to hear what was going on in the world of thought; and, now and again, r, asking questions which kept his wits at itwork for a reply-a not unpleasant evercise to Allan Meredith, accustomed to use them. Au hour passed quickly away. It was l only the uneasy glances the young girl was to beginning to cast towards the door which reminded him that Verechoyle had left them re so long. When he re- entered the room, t Meredith noticed that the sister's eyes turned anxiously towards him. "I made sure about your bag by seoing 1 after it myself, Meredith,"ho began. "'Re 1 membered the mistakes Sally's brother is apt oe to make, you know, Madge ; and thought he , might demand the post bag, or something of . tat sort." in Hoe appeared more desirous now of making conversation, reminding Meredith of some oi sr their Oxford experiences, inquiring about ,d mutual friends, and what not. But his gaiety ,c did not sit quite naturally upon him, and f, there was an under-ourrent of excitement in . his tone and manner. One there saw that re his gailetywas only on the surface and that ,e he eyed Meredith closely and speculatively of when he thought himseli unobserved. it "Two thousand pounds! Two thousand I -and a quarter of that would save me," h he was thinking. Were the notes in that to wallet of which he could trace the out ed line in tie breast pocket of the other's a- coac His eyon were turned again snd again. h as if fascinated, to that breast pocet, while se he talked on apropros of anything that as suggested itself. 'rcsently,in reply tosome \- remark of his mother's with reference to the h rising moon and the ghostly way in which h its beamsscemed to steal about the ruin, he mr said: "Do you know that we can boast of at having a ghost, Moredith?" "Our very own, who watches over the s. fortunes of the house," said his sister. "At d least, that is the tradition. VWhen last heard \- of, he was wandering about, with his hand me uplifted asif in warnong. Not veryoriginal, g isit? And not of mueh use, unless he will e tell us what we are being warned Bgainst." " Have you osen him, hliss Versohooyle " e "Oh, no. Eren hseeoms to have deserted a 51 now." e "Speak for yourself, Madgo," esnid her brother, stealing a side glance towards I Mereditli. a "Have yoe, then, Laurene F' she ejacu d lated, turning quickly towards him. ,"I thought you were inclined to make a jest of f themonk." "I am Inclined to do that no longer, Sperhaps." "Doyou mean that you have seen him ? You told md nothing about it, Lurence." 1 "When I knewwhat a fright it gave you Sonly to imagine you saw him?' But I wasonly ten y earc old then, you know. 1I was frightened, Mr Meredith,"' she a said, turning te him with asmile. " nut even Sthen I was quite asecrious as frightened; for ,though (fell upon my knees and bid my faoe, s I.beggedhim not to go until I got enffeolntly used to bim to be able to ask what I wanted a to know.".- ,?t? ? " Had he not the grace to do that, Miss Verschoyle ? " ] " Well, it was only an old military cloak of my father's which Laurence had hung over a broom in a corner of the school-room to tr my courage." - - . _.r S I wonder what questlionsyouwould ask now?" r - " Oh, there are so manythings one would like to know," the sweet face shadowingL, and the eyes taling an anxious expression. ' " Is the monk supposed to have a predi. 1 leation for any particular chamber ?" nasked Meredith. "Ghosts are uncertain visitors, I ' know; but it would be something to pass a n night where one might be expected.' , S'You might find it no jest if he came," raid Laurence. . "' Oh, I should take him seriously enough. In fact, I have something of Mice Vers choyle's feeling. There are so many quess tioneone would like to ask." - I She was glancing ouriously towards her brotler. " Why did he take that tone-he I that, till now, had been as ready as the rest to jest at the ghost?l' But she had no time to speculate as to what was in his mind: Now that he had returned, she might con., aider herself off duty in the matter of doing. her share towards entertaining; and she had Sto help Sally to prepare a room for the guest, her invalid mother to attend to, and to con trive a fitting breakfast for the morrow.. The two young men passed out on to the grass before the window, lighted.their 1 cigars, and strolled to and fro in the moon. light. There was very little interchange of thought. Allan Meredith was speculating as to how best he could set. abat helilng Margaret Versohoyle's brother; and bein.` aing tofearit would he very ditioulttoa so, unless he were .more inclined than he -now appeared to put his shoulder to the wheel. lie had little sympathy for a nature such:as Vereohoyle's; and oneonsciously perhaps to 1 himself, the few words he uttered conveyed 1 what was in his mind tothe other, who wa quick to resent it. li "'Put me in the way of earning money, ineced! Nonuseaskinghim for a loan; he would be putting all sorts of awkward ques. tions," thought V\ereohoyle, with the uneasy eonsoiousness that he would find it difionult to explain without incriminating himself. "No, I won't try it It must be the other way-there's no help for it now. Once on 0 of this hole, I'll put my shoulder to the wheel, and pay him back with the first money I earn. He isn't likely to want the money if I took all instead of a quarter, and I won't take a penny more than that. It.will 3 only be a loan after all, which, if he were like anyone else, I could openly ask him for. Yes, I'll do it I If he sees through' the trick, it will be easy to say it was only a jest done to try him. But I think I ean manage It soquietly that he won't wake, and then I am safe." On re-ontering the room they had quitted o -the only habitable sitting-room the Priory. e could now boast-they found it untenante he tmother and daughter having retired for the r night. The two men satin desultory ooneraa. tion, maintained with some effort, until, In f reply to a question from Laurence, Meredith admitted that he had had a long day and was inclmed for bed. They went up together, and r Laurence showed the otherinto alarge, barely.' a furnished and somewhat desolate.looking o room. with two doors and one high, narrow, iron-barred window. "Sorry we have no better quarters to offer you, Meredith." : "I am no sybarite, Vereohoyle. You'll say that when you see my room.at home. My housekeeper is always bowailing my lack of appreciation of what she calls comfort " taking out his pooket-book as he stpoke, and putting it on to the dressing.table before removing his coat. : : . I.aurence took quick note of the position of 'a the book upon the table. "'Vell, -good. e night, old fellow;" adding, with'a?-laborate assumption of ca:elessness,." Oh, by the 0 way, Id nearly forgotten; there's a key in that door-the one belonging to this must be lost, I fancy ; but it seems hermetically Ssealed. You can't openit, you see,"turning and pulling at the handle; "and you are safely barred in at the window;", with a little laugh. . . . - - • "All right, Verschoyle: A barged window and a looked door ought to be enough. i Good nicht," telling himself they must talk over things in the morning. - Too late to enter upon what he wanted to say, :just then. In the morning Versehoyle should be mido to see that here was a friend who was not to be put off ; they must go into matters together. Vershoyle must be lnduced to eaetto.work and in the meantime it must be so eontiived N that the mother and daughter should be d better cared for.. "l.oll him that-I have it taken a great fancy. to this old place ; and, Ih between ourselves, give him a few thousands a for it, perhaps-to be settled on them-yes, n certainly settled on them." - ; Once in his own room, Versoho le sank into a seat and buried his face in hI hands. " If there were butany other way it this I It If only the man had not gone there bragging a. shout his thousands! "trying topersuadehism to self that t'erehad been bragging, an4alstbst of hating Meredith for the wrong he wasl bout 7 to do him. "ie would not do it! Iet the 10 worst come to the worst-he wouldlnot "'' . springing to his feet again, and fiercely s ehaking is feit as against some unseen s tempter. The clock in a distant ebhurch tower g chimed twelve. One vibrated on the night tn air; it would soon be too late I Morning would dawn, and the opportunity be gone ! t Shivering with the remembrances of 1 what e the morning sigh bring-ruin, idlgrna,-his whole life blighted-he once more dlecided a there must be no dawing back. With set se teeth and determined eyes he went towards a ch chair upon which lay a folded garment.'- IIe m shook it out-along, dark, military cloak 0, and proceeded, in awkward but tolerably d efficient fashion, topin thecape so as to' as nearly as possible, resemble a monk's hood. tg Changing hisboots for slippers, he enveloped e- himself in the cloak, drawing the hood well pt forward, so as to cover the whole of his face: o then softly opened the room door, and stood of listening with bated breath. No sound broko the stillness. He stole tg noiselessly forth and entered a small room, of the door of which was ajar, as he himself t had placed it a coutple of hours previously. ty This room opened into the larger one' In iI which was Allan Meredith, Lauren-e stole n silently to the communicating door, looked, t and with the key outside. Ithadbeen well t oiled; but this notwithstanding, there was, a ly slight sound, like thunder to his guilty ears, ashe turned the key in the lock. - S Ii o iwRited breathlessly for a few moments again, then, heaoring no sound'from within, t softly pushed open the door and looked in' t. His eyes were, at ouce, direoted towards the ?ed. Yes, Meredith was,-apparently; fast asleep. To make quite sure, he stood silent and motionless, listening intently,'' t The quiet, even breathing of one in deep e snlumber renached him. HIe moved softly o towards the dressing-table, his eyes stil h turned upon the bed; then stood motionless e again, a tell black figure in the semi-. of darkness. Why d id he hesitate! VWhat was it that e Isuddenly impelled him to tell the truth, t and cnast himself upon the mercy of the man u lymg thero- hisgood angelbattling forhimF Id The scales trembled in the balance for -a , moment, and then it was as though he had: iI chosen-" Evil, be thou my good ;" and .the way was, at once made e?sy for hilm. HIis eyes lighted on a dark objset, whieh id he knew at once musnat be what he was In search of, lying on the white toCet cover of tr the dressing table. Hlie hand elosedover it;. I his eyes tprnog onces more towards the bed. Not a movement, not a sound. : " a Pooket-book it hand he noiselessly crept I out, looked the door on the outside again, and f spedback to hisown room. Half the danger was over. He had now , but to abstracot the money he wanted, and replace the book whore he bad found it. 1 He put the book, on the table, and -at down. . . , u "Whatwas that ? A sigh-a whispered word - Or was it cowar concisacne ?'. He sat back aghast for a moment; then;itth a resolute faco, boeit forward, laying his haid 0 upon the book. . Suddenly he paused, r raising his head agaIn.' A sound-a move ment! 'Surely he heard: something I 'He Shurriedly blew:out the light, sand s?at li alli.' isinm on the alert. Agaln! Samc- i s Sthulgiag emone was in theroom I' 'I 1 S I?4?ith !. Had Meredith seen and fol-' I lowiei? m.-lad the time come to set the, a pkikOj i ter?. : Unconaciously, he was I gasia bt~sagbhtbefore him itnto thetlressing I lefain mreflecting, in the pale, gr. y I lfght of the .summer night, the* objects a are d.'gain a alight movement, hardly ( dispiaeamnt, - pf the, air ; but auftiolent to I intitea presence there. t ~3hbald he break into alaugh, and chatl I lerit a M~Teredith-should hoe - Great , hetavens. Mircored in the glass, he saw a ] halbowy form moving silently towards him a?(form n draped in cowl and gown. The sneak.. Inrhenee Verechoyle fell back in his ohair, his eyes fastened upon the figure faintly out slid in the dim light, the loft hand raised, as it in solemn warning, and the right stretched toeth towards-the pocket-book ! s?Her saw it taken from the table, then evirything faded from his vision,and he lost consaloneness. When at length he came to himself, it was ltlitleeconfusedly, and it was some time .bfore he remembered where he was and what:had happened. The pocket-book! His eyes went hurriedly over the table, :Gone I It had been (so dream, then-no L tickof the senses. He flung out his arms iupon the table and buried his face noon Ithem., Suddenly a faint hope sprang u- in hi. heart. Is must have been" Meredith ! I Hi. own fears, and the dim,. uncertain light, had imparted the spectral, shadowy Sppearance, and exaggerated the whole effeot, Meredith must have imagined-as Sineasso .emergency he was to have been indnoed'totmapine- that a jest was being played off -uon him, andhad determined to I, return it in kind, managing somehow to get himself up for the role. Had they not been talking about the monk and the gesture of warning? Yes; Meredith, of course! beginning to recover his nerve. He had beencanght, and Meredith had not been Scaught; that was all, and he had only to treat the whole thing as a jest. But all this notwithstanding, there was an under-caurrent of something very like fear in.hbi mind which caused him to watch the slowly broadening light of day with feverish impatience for the time when he could enter Meredith's room. It would not do to go too r early, lest his very anxiety should arouse the other's asspicions. Everything now do ,pended upon bhi being able to treat the whole thing as a jest. He threw off his disguise, r. washed and dressed, and then eat listening i for the usual sounds of Sally's movements Saboutthe house. e When the clook struck six he couldcontain himself no longer, and made his way to a Meredith's room, going to the door which opened into the corridor. Meredith, in Sresponse to his knock, unlocked the door l andadmittedhim. " Up already, MeredithP?" 1 ". Yes. I am accustocred to rise early." y As he advanced into the room Laurence darted a quick look towards thedressing-table. e There lay the pocket-book ! He had bee right; it had appeared as a jest to Meredith, a andhehadplayed one offin return. "liad 1I only guessed and kept my wits about me, ha lsteadcof making a fool of myself, by going d offin a fainting lit, the jest might have been º. better kept up." S"I see you can make, as well as take, a jest, old fallow," he began, with an attempt at a laugh. r "I was too sleepy and lazy to do more than take it, Verechoyle. I saw what was II done both times; b it the restoration was . managed beet." k "Restoration ?" " The putting the book back." d Lanurenc Verechoyle dropped into a cbair, o gazing at the other with widely opened eyes. " Do you mean to say you did not ? For Heaven's sake, tell me the truth, Mero dith ! You followed mo to my room and a brought the book back. I-I-saw you l" e " That you did not, and could not have n done, Versechoyle. I did not rise from the it bed after I lay down until six o'clock this y morning, just before you came in." g " Youmust-either awake orasleep,you e must have !" catching at a last hope that a the other might hare walked in his sleep. "No; on 'my honor ;I-was tired-bu. I could not sleep. I saw the ghostly ap pearnnco eash time; and I was struck k by the difference in the b cond. It was a o more ghostly affair altogether. I saw, in , fact, only a hand and part of an arm." o I.aurence went hurriedly to the door opposite that by which he had entered, and turned the handle; looked on the outside, as ho had left it : S"-The first came that way." said Meredith, 1 who had fellowed him with his eyes; "but re not the other." ' S"Meedith, it was I who came, and I came butonce!" ejaculated Laurence, shad , deringly. Hoe covered his face with his hands a few t- moments ;-thean, In sudden desperation, con. fesed the whole truth. " I meant to rob I you! ''I dressed up as a monk for the g purposo. 'I took the book, intending to a. abstet five hundred pounda';' and, if-you t wokeand halleugedme, wasoing toesy that it was done to try your pluck. I had tken a it to my room. It lay on the table before moe, 9 and I was about to open it, when a feeling I [y can't describe cames over me. 1 knew n was not alone. I was sitting before the dressing-table, and, glancing into the glass, saw the reflection of a figure standing behind I me-the figure of a monk! A deathlike hand was put forth. I saw the fingers close over the book, and then I supposo I lost conscious. at nees, for Ieoan remember no more." is "The monk I" Meredith gazed at the a other, and became gravely silent again. at "I was in terrible straits," hurriedly went a on Laurence. "I meant last night to appeal :e to you for a loan; but I fancied you seemed rather hard and stand-otfish, and what I had ly to tell was not easy to tell. There was a as prison before me, Meredith, unless I could 1\. get money, which there-seemed no chance d of my being able to get, and the knowledge it that you had all those notes about you tempted me. I meant to take the five id hundred, put the rest back, and trust to the chance of your not surpecting how it had to gon.. Of course, I cheated myself with the ,belief that if I could set myself straight this If time, I would put my shoulder to the wheel and repay you somehow. I think I see n myself as I am-now, and I know I shall not ie again try to retrievo my fortunes that way. I. Youc:oan't despise me more than I despise d 'myself I", " ! Iam very sorry," said Meredith. " Idid s not imagine you were in such immediate Inecessity. I only wish you bad told me last Snight, when all this might have, been pro. Svented"-still speaking a little abstractedly SWYas.it tobe regretted, after all, .that Vcr. s.choyle had been brought face to face with . himself in' this way, sineo it bad brought about such a revulson in his mind FH epre Easotly decided what course ho would take, P and went on : ''fLok hero, Vereohoyle. I intended last night to ask yoea to let me help yenou in some way, and only delayed until this morning because I wanted to reflect a little as to thce best means of doing so. We will go into that later on. t will only say now that you neod Sbe uinder no anxiety a to the money. Ihavre n a good income--more, a great deal-than I T desire to spend-and there is a large surplus yliRidlest my banker's justnow. Usoet to $c yourself straight with the world, old fel low;" then, as the other made a gesture of dis?sent,;" Let me have my ay. You shall Srepay me when you have made your way-as '' " maunof your abilit Is sureoto do. Nonsense, you have yor moth r and slater to consider, .'you kaenow." L 4Mypoor mother and Madge. Meredith, ouonol never imagine what my siaster has ( , ouldn't I?" thought Meredith. !Seio binkept us going thelast slIx months; a'd thoun h the pressanre was growing heavier e h navi e eLr snbher What a selfish 1beute I have'been I" n ude, lt's something to recoglao that I tjogt Meredith. "There's some hope for yuafter all;" adding to the other, "We ai eigtthese bllssettledat once, and thenwe . liee what you are moat inolined,to turn ?Ftoyoung men went down together, bra:mtd- kfat awaiting them-a more ab v ribia edonatiful repast than had been!, ci " I not before them the previous evening, S lly having run down to an adjacent farmhouse for supplies. The two breakfasted together alone. Mrs Verecholye kept her room till late In the day, and her daughter, who was superintending in the kitchen, had only time to look in with a morning greeting. After breakfast the two young men held consultation 'together, then set off for the town, called at the lawyer's office there, and sent off sundry telegrams. When they re turned to the Priory later in the day, it was explained that Meredith had been helping Laurence with his advice on business matters. " He is the best old' fellow in the world, Mladpe-acting with the noblest generosity I I think all our troubles will soon be over now," said Laurence to his sister when they were alone. •"Generosityl Oh, Laurence, you won't take his money F" she ejaculated, a ring of sharp-pain in her voice. "Not hismoney !" "I won't take advantage of him, bladge. Iswearit. Somethinghanhappened. lam. a different man, and my whole life will be changed." His tone and manner gave her more hope than oeven ais words. " I am going to set to work in earnest, and he will be repaid for all he means to do." "Are yen sure?" she murmured; adding Salittle doubtfully, with the remembrance of pset experience: " But how F" "That you will ee later on." She was to see, in another way than that be supposed. Meredith lost no iime in striving to gain the prize he had set his heart upon, returning again and again to the Priory until he had won his wife. It was the last evening of their stay at the old place. On the morrow Margaret Ver schoyle was to be his wife, and they were to go direct to his beantiful Devonshire home for the purpose of comfortably installing her mother:there, before settig forth on the tour. Mrs Verseboylo's health had wonder. fully improved with the knowledge of her children a bright prospects; and wonders were expected from the soft Devonshire asThey had been reading a letter from Laurence, full of hope and enthusiasm for the nowlife he had begun in Canada, where he had chosen to make his start, Meredith having rendered the way easy for him. As they lingered on the terrace the happy girl ventured to whisper out the confession that had to be made before she became his wife. She must have no secrets from him now. " Allan,. you know how-Laurence has toldyou what he meant to'o. lint there is something else you ought to know. How hall I tell you He thought be raw a ghost that night ; but, oh. Allan, it was I." " I don'tthinlk lie would have done it after a ll, darling. I believe he would have made a clean breast of it in the morning in any ease." " But you are not surprised to hear it weas I who played the ghost the second time ?" SHe replied only with a caress. " Idid itin the desperation of the moment, and fear gave me courage." '" The first time I have heard of fear yiving courage," taking the sweet face between his hands and looking into her eyes. "Oh, well! 1 meant fear for him. I a thought-I feared that Laurence was going into your room-1 watched him go; and then putting on a long waterproof cloak, and drawing the hood over my bead to look like the monk, I followed him. It was I who a put the pocket.book back. "How did you manage it?" with a 9 smile. "You see you had left your window a little open. I clinined the thick Ivy that runs up the wall-I had often done it when a child slipped my hand between the bars of the window, and puatthe book upon the table." " But you forgot to raise your hand in warning; and ghosts are not renerally in such si hurry, I think, to say nothing of the size of the hand." e "*It was a scramble; did you hear me 0 fall ?"' "I heard a little 'Oh !' " " Then you did know? " "I knew Verachoyle had a very good t sister."' Allan, I do not think be suspects. Ought Isotto tell him the truth l" "Not yet. Since the impression has k worked such good effects, as well let him re v main under it for a while. Time enough to a knock down the scaffolding when the build ing is completed-eh, darling '"-" Strand *r Mlagazine.' 