THE THIRTEEN SUPERSTI TION. There were 13 people io tbe yacht Bipple when she capsized on Dec. 17 ott Sydney Heads. A venerable old lady in the city ejaculated as soon as she beard tbe details of tbe disaster, ' You couldn't expect anything else from a party of 13.' Nobody can reallee bow deeply tbe super stition of numbers is embedded iu our common buman nature until a tragedy occurs like that of Suudav. December 17. We may think that a modern education baB lifted us away from tbe dread super stitions of oDr godfathers, wbo dwelt sur rounded by ghostly borrors iu the dim grey dawn of history, but tbe sinking of tbe Ripple tears tbe thin veneer of civili sation froui our hearts, and we bear the voiceB all about us telling bow close we stand to our remote ancestors. These vague, meaningless superstitions which flood over us at times are but the sad rn miudersof witch- drowning waters such as bathed our forefathers in tbe long ego. The thirteen superstition la butono of the eternal guide-posts on tbe world's great thoroughfare. Wben we bear thsqualnt old-world fancies about the power of numbers, we stand faoe to face with the dead philosophers of long-perished mc?H, and we listen, sadly enough, to tb» echoes of ancient faiths, and we say with Richard II. : — Let's talk of craves aod worms and epitaphs ; Make duet our paper, and with rainy eyes Write sorrows oa the bosom of the eartti. The Idea nf tbe power nf numbers is old, old and boary. It belongs not to Christian timeB or to pagan times, nor to any special time. Modern people, with tbe egotism or wide humanity, say tbat the numbc-r 13 is unlucky because there were 13 at thn Paschal Supper, wben tbe betrayer sat tils Master. Never siuco tbat time, say (he world's old wivss. have 13 people Hat at meat together but what ^'ith t disaster has come toone of them witl.'u too year Never have 13 people lived together, sailed together, or eat to gether since that fatal night, without disaster, and this Ripple tragedy proves tbat tbe supnreltlon Is true? W» hoar of It everywhere, so It must be true ! Tbrre years ago a party of ladles snd gentlemen dined at a large and fashionable hotel in New South Wales. Tbey were ecl«utlflc, scholarly, thoughtful people. Jant as thi»y sat down a grey-halred lody, mis tress of a I urge educational establish ment, notioed that tbere wore 18 guests nt the fable. She arose In horror and re fussd to sit with ber friends. Another table had to be prepared aud the company divided, and tbeu It transpired tbat several members of the party shared tbe same superstition. That wan startling, Indeed, to those who held tbat tbe super stltlons of tbe old bad passed away, but it gave a new meanlncr to tbs talk of old Falstafr to Mrs. Quickly 'This Is tbe thlrdllme: T hope good luck IIsb in odd numbers. They eay there Is a divinity in odd numhere, either In nativity, chance, nr deatb.' Verily, there is a wonderful power in odd numbers, for we know men wbo wben they are sick will never take an even number of pills, and the same class of people are very particularBbout always putting an odd number nf eggs beneath a sotting ben. Tbere Ib something very fantaBllo In tbis idea to ur busy, practical, matter-of-faot Australians ; hut the idea Iisb dominated the wnrld for nntold ages, long before Christ was horn, or history wag written. When »- |i'nr the loud mouthed caution pool lo^ ou1 a royal salute over Sydney Harbour, we never dn-r.iu that II Isnminpcle'l with the Htipii stlllnnsot our fiii#fnttier« or tlta wreck of tbe Ripple ; lmt t-' II Is ! The royul dilute consists of 21 gun'-, or throe tlm»» h.-vi u ; and seven la a saored number. An honourable and --«teemed good man in the nldeu tlinos v, role : ' In tho numbere of eeaven tbere « a mlsticall p«rfectl'-u which nm underx audlngo cannnt atuine unto, and natur- herself in ohsnrvant. of this mimbor.' O'lrAslrnrninilogl- aslrolo glcsl (?) forefathers held lhat tiieie were only seven plan-:«, and they ' prnveii' that there could not pnanitily be more, because snven w«- a eacred ntiinliwr. Mitl tbere were only s ven ho en in l he human face, so that thereonuM not pnaslbly he more planets. When modern anlonne ? made tbs earl b niio n planet, «nd tonit ? tbe sun and mom out of the M-t, and ili« covered ? few hundred elltn planets and planetoids, It w h bad tor ihe uurulipr superstition : hut fid beliefs die bard ami thB wrtok on Buuday last proves II. But tbe superstition In regard to the power of namhern bas been felt all over Ihn world, in all Innds aud tluiea With out referring to Virgil or the clasaic teachers of antiquity, we Can dud amide testimony to the ntrenglh of t he belief in numbers of our own race and religion. The good Satnl Austin believed Hibi Christ was to have twelve apostles, be cause, be eald, ' the gospel was to be preached in the four corners of the world in the tiime of the Trinity ; and three times four naakea twelve Tbat wns good logic to tbe inen wbo preceded u» on tbe earth ; it was quite unaiiswerahlp, b - cause our race believein the eacn d power nf numbers. Wlieti science took the corners off our earth snd made it inina ball ft would have been hard on tbe doctrine or the 'four corners,' but ft didn't Bffect it a bit. Reason and super stition are strangers ; we do nnt discover ghosts by meaus. hut through blind, fearsome, quavering faith, and we cannot get rid of ancient superstitions by means of modern buov ledgp. We drank lo these old beliefs with our mother's milk ; nay, we Inherited some nf tbem, and we believe things that we know are wrong, In spite of our Judgment, because — we sre human. One of England's greateet Chancellors confined tn a fear nf phoate, even to bis dying day. because of b nuree glrl wbo had fille 1 hif nhlld'e-mlnd with gohlfn lore. Thle faith in tlie power of numbers Is part of nur lieritrge from unknown, far away ancestors, n lio livetl in the eionm of time, ere hnoku were born. Io tbe fur-away days, Balaam eaid to Balak, ' Build me here seven allsre. r.nd prepare me hern seven ox?n and sev.-u rams.' and now we have '.even days in Hi* week and three limes se7en in a Royal salute ! When Nsaman. tlie leper, went to br- cured, (he prophet told lifrji fo to snd hatheeeveu timeft ir the /nriittii ; *nd all through Sacrrd Writ ia the same I'I'n nf the iut'kl»ic vbIiip of numbers, so tii»l wher) we come riitwu to the of time to the Ijast 8upp-r the belief in numbers wbb »lrendy nld and eacred ;but the tragedy of Calvary gave the nunalier IS a new mart through tbe world and It comes inlo the light now In Sydney in ronnection wi ti thl' latent di»aster to s little yacht. We shall henr«f tt ov-r and « v»r ngnin ; end the people ^ ho believe ' at the seventh sou of a seventh am is a I 'rn healer oi tbepenple will believe that the Ripple sank because there were 13 on board of her; and sensible people will moan wben they find bow iguorant and superstitious we are io spite of our books, our schools, and our nineteenth century civilization. As WHO nuinuerH e'i who nays. we have believed, until very lately, that Fri day was an.aolucky day Sailors would nnt sail cn Fridays, end I have seen some ptrnrce infidonts in connection wilb thBt enpfiPlHlon, which hss he»n almost driven out of tbe world hy tbe steamboat, Slen le'I In gloomy whispers, even now, of n ship captain nemed Friday. Re d»termined tn end, once for all, the glenmv euperatiiinns nf his sailor'. He had the feeel of a new ship laid on a Fri day ; she was launched on a Fritiav ; ehe sailed on a Friday, under the o.iintn^iid n' Captain Fridav ; and she was never beard of more ! (5i Hie sailors eay, and they try to keep the old tradition alive, but the steamboat and the exigencies of modern trade -ore against them. Yet there are 'Tliirtien clubs' in the wnrld to-day, wblch m»etou Fridays to face the bitter old superstition which mn*t penple think could well he left to die a natural death : hot thl« rtl«Hster toiha Ripple has Awakened a e'eef ing terror jo the hearts of the fupers'ttlons, and we can see how nil the wor'd. «neient and mod»rn. ie lionnd together i't a mystin chain of fgnor'nee, «'?. s-td superstition, enrb as makes us fpel our brotherhood with all mankind. Wben that laughing party sailed nut in their Utile vacht on Runday Bflsrnnnn lo meet the mighty rollers of the smiling pbp^IouIpss sea. thev HtHp dreamed that they were going, hy their deaths, to 6ano'ify and perpetuate a miserable nld fuperntitlon which lies dormant in the b!ood of mankind; but the old lady's ejaculation on Monday morning showed Hint they bad do eso, nod brought us nil Into what Mrs. Brown l.ne jails this 'lliis everlasting fare tn face with Gntl.' — R.M. in the S. M. JJcrald. 