f WAS IT A GHOST 1'HKY SAW ? . I — 1 I Is. n. H. Jennings live.s at No. 211, Main- | Jt, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnio Parrot boards | her. 'The house is an old one, but in good p Dno nirfht onrlv in December ( ISO II the two L en locked all tho doors and went to the theatre, ng not a soul in the house. They left tho gas lins, however, in tho front parlour. At about past eleven they returned, and entered tho ic laughing and talking. But as they went into parlour the uiorry humour died out of them in cond. Right in the middle of the room stood a c man of gigantic stature. Tho upper part of 'face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming Su«li tho eyeholes in it. H13 shirt-sleeves were Lfup, nnd in one hand I10 carried a long, ohl- lioncd pistol. Tho women lied screaming from I room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five utes later ho found 110 ono in the parlour and all | doors and windows securely locked. What was lie women saw ? I Durin" a recent period of ill health, writes an eriean friend, "I had slept badly for several cessive nights. On the fourth of those nights |ut two o'clock, I WHS suddenly aroused from a So by what seemed liko the calling of my name ; t at the foot of the bed stood tho image of my ther just as she looked five years before, as she ii leaving homo to go on a journey, on which irney she was killed in a railway disaster. I tamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell » it, and tho local old women gossips said it was a linnon and I would never get well. Yot I did, itl am in perfect health now. I believe that vision / me of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it ace, and its more than throe years ago now.' No doubt it was tho nerves. Why there s no end the tricks the nerves will play oil 011 you when mi- svstcm is out of condition. In March, 1S90, was," that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, okesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:— "I was 1 dreadfully nervous I|could not bear anyone in the | ,otn with mo, yet I did r.ot wisli them far away in , iso I should call out for help. This was in June, kS9 I slept verv badly, and in the morning felt itid I.I10 Imt.tev for having C'0110 to l»al. Tl.ovo wns a sevoro pain in my head and over my eves, tAd I was sick most of Hie time. My skin was dry lid yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt col.l ind dead. By-and-hy I had to lie helpless in bed. J'hc doctor said lie didn't know what my complaint ivns. I took nothing bat liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing hut skin and bone. My memory com pletely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I slionld lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never got hotter. "I had given up all hope, when 0110 day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth called and asked what I was taking. She told 1110 she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Cura tive Syrup. As she seemed to hive so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in throe days I was able to walk anross the room, and lty tho end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as wclil as ever. I can eat' and digest my food, and nil my ncrvousnoss has loft 1110." ' _ 'The malady Mrs. Faster suffered from was imli- gestian and " dyspepsia and nervous prostration. Tho original cause was grief and _ shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the syrnp had given now vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned tho nerves. Whatever may he your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it' remains truo that most uncanny visions nn'l sounds moan nothing mora or less than a sot of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia, Ghosts ooino from tho inside of tho person who sees them, and when Mother Sei eel's Syrup does its work tho eyes and oars entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 