? THE BRONZEWfNG CRICKET CLUB. (BY AN AUSTRALIAN, IN THE GLOBE.) We were known as the Wallabies and we rather fancied ourselves, sported colors, and laid claim to the title of the premier inland cricket club in any direction. Within a get-at-able circumference, we had beaten everything. One after the other, every township had succumbed to the might of our crack bats and the invincible swiftness of our two left-handed bowlers. And we yearned for fresh worlds to conquer. There bad even gone around a bated whisper of the metropolis, coupled with such names as Bruce and Bannerman, " Syd" Gregory and " Sammy" Jones. Why should we not venture to show ourselves at Moore Park, and discover whether *' Long Jim's" terrific yorkers, or " Mudger Mick's" deadly breaks would prove as eftective there as on their native soil ? We were fall of pride, inflated with the consciousness of a long, triumphant season, and determined that ere another arrived the name of the Wallaby C.C. should be as familiar as household words in Australian mouths. THE CHALLENGE. Things were at this stage when the secretary of the club received a letter—a badlyspelled, atrociously- writen challenge, sealed with the imprint of a great dirty thumb. It ran:—"Us as calls ourselves the Bronzewing Cricketers of Cuttawatta Creeks, hereby invite you to a friendly game to see which is best man out of the two. As ours aint a fust class ground we had better come to yourn. Hopping this finds you in good helth, as it leaves us at present thank Gcd for it, I am jours truely, Jim Brown, Captain and Bouler." Ton may try to imagine how this unique production was received by the high-toned and fastidious Wallabies. At first it was determined to ignore it completely. Bat we were simply spoiling for a fight, and it was resolved at last that one more victory, even over such inglorious opponents as these, would help to put us in fitter trim for the metropolis. Accordingly a courteous reply was sent, arranging all preliminaries. Cuttawatta we knew by name only as a small settlement, some 60 miles away in the mountains, whose inhabitants bore a none too savoury reputation in the matter of horseflesh. THE BEONJZEWINGS. We rode into the township early, all curiosity to see the mountain men who had the audacity to challenge the best team outside the capital; but, early as we were, they were before us. As we approached the first public-house we saw quite a mob of shaggy ponies, their bridles and saddles mended with bits of green hide and wire, standing patiently around. Presently their owners appeared, great, heavy-bearded fellows, with hands like shoulders of mutton and feet like canoes, and all evidently fresh from " nips round." Their captain introduced his men shortly. " These/' said he, with a wave of his hand, " is the Cuttawatta chaps." " There," pointing to a V6ry grey-headed man, "is Jack Sadler. He comes from a place in the ole country they calls Nottingham. An' he's played the game ever since he was so high. He've come to see fair play. There's whips o' bowlers among ns. But I does it mainly. Come an' have a drink all bands. It's my shout." This inevitable preliminary over, they unsaddled, turned their horses oat, and announced their intention of "shifting," a process of which we were anxious to see the result, not knowing but what they intended to take the field booted, breeched, and spurred as they were. But when we returned from our hotel, elaborately got up in flannels, and blue caps upon which tho Wallaby shono in silver thread, we found our opponents radiant in new but evil-smelling bronzscoloured moleskins, belts of caipot snake skins, white Bhirts, and soft felt bats decked with a wing of the beautiful pigeon from wbich they took their name. Around each brawny neck shone a green silk handker. chief, new elastic-sida "boots encased their great feet, and they tripped about the field passed the ball to and fro with a neatness and dexterity that made us stare. But they objected to matting. They had never heard of such a thing. Why, wasn't the ground good enough, without having to cover it up 1 At home they played in all sortB of places, never taking any notice of « bumps and hollows " or even a boulder or two. But they were reasonable folk. And when we pointed out the impossibility of scientific players like ourselves batting or bowling on any but the very best procurable pitch, they laughed still more when we told them how much our beautiful green carpet had cost UB, and what pains and expense we bad gone to altogether to make our ground one of the best for its sige ia the colony. WELL TO THE OFF. Winning the toss, they, by the adwos of " Old Jack Saddler," sent us to the wickets. He also acted as umpire for the visitors. If there was one thing more than another upon which we prided ourselves, it was our leg- hitting. But to our disgust and annoyance, we never got the ghost of a chance to show what we could do in this particalar department of the game, as the Bronzewing bowlers pitched everything well to the off. Thus, one of our most dashing bats put up a soft little catch to a ball he should have left alone; and another, thinking to profit by the lesson, never stirred his bat to the ball that sneaked in to his wicket. And not for nothing, as we soon discovered, did the Bronzewing captain add that other title to his signature. He bowled medium-fast, with an old-fashioned delivery, equare from the shoulder, and got such a twist on the ball that it frequently broke in, despite our matting, a full two feet. The " left theory " was almost entirely unknown in those days, and it has often struck me as curious that these wild Bushmen should have been among the first to discover and obtaia its obvious advantages. Straight, swift bowling, dead on the wicket, we could play, and were accustomed to. But these new tactics, with a field bunched all up on one side, bothered us completely. The fellow at the other end bowled underhand enormous things, which rose slowly gyrating, took a long time to fall, and when just out of reach shot in like rockets. There seemed nothing to be got by waiting, so three or four men ran out to meet them, missed and were either clean bowled or stamped. Even when one did get a hit at the ball it would not travel. Such was the spin the bowler managed to get on it that it went only a short distance, and Jay there swiftly revolving in a little cloud of dust and grass Will it be credited that when the end «ame we were all out for 301 It was by far the lowest score the Wallabies had ever made, and not only did we very acutely teel our position, bat something like a general funk set in. However, after several long sleevers of colonial, we plucked up our courage, and trusted to our swift bowlers to retrieve the fortunes of the day, especially as, merely drawing their socks over their trousers and expectorating on their hands, our opponents refused with disdain our offer of pads and gloves. Ho man can bat well with broken shins. The old chap, who evidently, in a quiet way, controlled the team, sent two men in. I heard his parting words as they lett ttifl tent. « Keep thy bats straight, as I shown thee," said he, " an' thy eyne open, it M what they ca's fest boolin'. Ent never thee moind. Stay the straight nns, an knocK spots off'n the others, an' we'n gotten em roight enough." And they ^ J n m implicitly. They had eyea like h^H and a most ungainly style. But they got runs with exasperating regularity. ANNIHILATION. Mudgee and Long Jim bo*kd Hke demons, but could find no hole m their bate. Then, when they became fagged, the Bronzewings kno C ked them all oveMh« ground, to the intense delight of the town ship, which, having suffered many heavy beatings at our hands ^ ^ n p , the present state of things, and roUed JP ; man, woman, and child to cheer the CutU wattas and enjoy our ^comfiture. Jo brief, they simply annihilated UB,, PW S on some 200 runs, whlleoor^ was only a miserable facsimile of ow ^ We had ordered a supper for ou j W the Woolpack Hotel, ' f J J ^ g t Z enjoyed it. But . do our part as hosts, felt sowi anu next morning, the Cuttawaiw* £ B a t hours, and we never saw them ag ^ shortly afterwards some disappeared mysteriously from the neighborhood. The police-sftrge&nt; always insisted that the Bronzevring G.C. were the originators of the raid. But he could never prove it. Nor did we ever go down to try conclusions with the metropolitan 