All Eloquent Tribute. There was a large congregation at.St. John's . Chiu-jli, 'Parramatta, on Sunday oveninp, nolico having been given (hat a sermon dealing with 'tho. work nnd lite of the . reverend Doctor would bo urcnohed. The incumbent, iIibVou. Arohdcacpi Gunthor, was tho preacher, and in a sermon of sti iking power arid pathos presented in all iis boauly tho noble life-record of his bolovod friend, drawing therefrom a valuable lesson nnd examplo. Tho text was taken from 10 Proverbs, 7 — '.The momory of tho just is blessed.' Opening with ii recognition of Soloiroti's instruction by means of his proverbs —a manual of wisdom and instruction— nnd his contrast 'botivccn the godly and fcho ungodly, : tho preacher said that Iho just man had as a Roldon rule ' Love thy neighbour as thyself.' In history thny would see that the memory of the just wasblessad, in tho. case of Josiab and D.ivid. In David's case they saw how a whole nation wns blessed for the mnn. Referriug particularly to the subject, of the sermon, the preacher soil : True are the words of the toxt ; of our dear dead friend, the slalo Dr; William Woolls, whoso doath has fallen as a groat sorrow on many. The metrcipolitan anj the local press hnvegivon muoh information, and I; will not repeat what they havo so well stuted. But it if iitling that I shoulj say somothing of lus lito ami worn in ims dousj ot uou, wnion - he dearly loved, and in whioh ho wbrbhippod mnny loagyqnrs, and in the sorvioes .of which he often assisted— tho trusted friend of all the inourabont3.— Marsden, Bobuit, King and mysolf. It is proper that something should be said, for in this town* his bost .work -was done, und hero ho roooived his inspiration to entor tho field of, HciontiRe.resenrah and of ttio ilogy, the quoin of scienoes.- Hero ho laboured with tho Rev. Robert Forrest (nf the King's School), W. B. Clarke (the eminent geologist), James Walker (a groat classical scholar), and other olorgy. With Robert Jirown, the father of Australian botany, Cealoy, Allan Cunniugham, and muuy nnother aludont. The memoir of Samuel Mursden was written hero by him with a viow to inducing the peoplo to erect All Saiut's Churoh. His personal piety, I beliovo. was characterised by great humility, simplicity of faith and singleness of nil), sweetness, und charity. Like tno flower6 he loved so much and studied ao uurofully as God's creation, hia character waa full of variod beauty, purity, and fragrance. Like the worlm of nutuic, ko familiar to him, made by a Ditino hand, and reuniting tlieir purpuso -iuioiiy aim wicu inu (jroatest ease, his work was carried out, not 'midst thunders, noise, excitcinciit, and sen sationalism, but quiotl)' and calmly, under n realizaicia of the presence of -iod, and with a desire to act in a right spirit, and to be mindful of the highest standards auci ideals. In him Cowpor'u words wore illustrated :— lti'lisiou, if in heavenly truths attired, Needs only to bu seen, Iu lie udmircil. In his social and public charactor, many can bear wituoss to his unspotted lifo antl con sistency. His uuscllishnes.?, lurgo-hcurted, sjlf-dcnying olmriiy, aud breadth of thought, led him to tako un active interest in all fdligioiis, sooiiil, nnd.charitablo movoinnnlM in tho town that ui'inisti-rpd to iho public good. His -0voa.t nttninmonts ho wus ever ready to uso to proaioto the well-being of others, un-1 many in naed and iioco.-sity were liberally supplied from Iim purje. As u teacher he was over faithful, piiusu'v-ng nud accurate. In his toacihingd on natural and physical scioueo, oa l.uturjl n:ul moral philsophy, Kcology, botany, political scion-io, and eeonomio science, ho ovor hIitwo'I the devout Ghnstaiu mind. Saund views on these and olhur sub jects ho kuow wore computiblo with sound Christianity. Hin l'fo and work wilt long bo hold in grnteful remembrance in Purrumutta by tho townspeople generally, and his name is a household word bore by pupils who revered t.hcir dear dead muster ; by churchmen who desire to see the highost gifts consecrated to the s?rvice of.God and humanity. Not in Parramatta and New : South Walos alone,, but ?in many a hull of scionoo and learning^ in the irreat mothercpuntry and on tho Continent of Europe, men will mourn and lovingly talk of his worth and work. Tho earthly life is ended and the heavenly begun ; in God's paradise. The end became bis beautiful, gentle life, which will' boar- fruit on earth and bring; forth a rioh harvest. The seed buried shall yet boar much fruit. The good man ahull ba hold in per notiittl rdmembrance. Such mon tho Church requires and tho ago demuuds. We may well usk, Who will bo baptized for the dead? Who will follow him as ho followed Christ, and lead tho; truthful, : gentle, loving life ? Who will ttiaeh Australia's: sons aud daughtow as. ho taught, that thoro is no antagociism botween scierioo uud religion,' hn'l 'that they should never.be put in opposition ? Who will arise and .teach our toaohers that if thsy would ? load men onward and heavenward they, ranst bo servants of God always and everywhere, that they must 'be apostles of learning and culture, and that they* must at least possess some elementary knowledge ot soieuoc and the fine arts ? God grant : that the gifts of' His Spirit may ba abundantly poured : on tho .Church and this Australian land— that tbete .may never bo- wanting a duo supply of. men 'qualified to serye Him in Church and Stato— ?. men who havo* understanding of the tiraos —men who -believe in-tho work of the Divine, Sayiour— men wlio acknowledge the power of the Holy Ghost— men who know there is no power on-: earth but tho divine and supernatural, and who- believe the Church has a divine., mission to educate men for time and eternity. God grant that whou our summons comes we can look buck on lives well spent, and with confidence and humility say with Sc. Paul, '? I havo fought -' good fight, Ihuye finished ray oourso.Ihavo kept the' fuitu. Henoefortb. there is laid up for me u crown of righteousness, whioh .he Lord, the righteous judge, shall give mo at thut day r and not to me ontyybat unto all them that love Hi's' ap- pearing. . What. encouragement there wns to lead this bettor life - to fill aright our place in the world, and the church ! How sweet tho consolation to 'feel' that they could say with thoir dear brother just departed, 'To me to live Js Christ, to die is gain.' During the offertory Mr. Maasey played the mournful dtrsins of 'Tlio Deud Muroh in Saul.' 