THE, ROSE OF ALLANDALE. BY GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., Author of ' 29 1B, The Story of a Double Life." " The Mystery of a Millionaire's Grave," ete. A TALL, LUMINOUS L IGUR1i APPEAR$O WALKING OVER THE WATERS. -CHAPTER XXV.-(CoxNTI. UED.) There really was something from a .woman's vtie ver ' taking about Frank "?'Naughton. Albeit his face was always pale-for he never bronzed to a brick-red hue as most travellers in tropical regions do-it was a handsome face, and had a handsome protle, for it is in profile that so many other wise, good-looking men fail. They look well stem on, and it is from this point of view they invariably study themselves, turning complacently away from the mirror with a smile. "Not half a bad-looking fellow," they say as they sum themselves up. "I can't wonder at ladies falling in love with a face like that." If, however, nine out of every ten of these self-contented coxcombs were to take a second mirror and study themselves in pro file, then They'd see themselves as others see them. And it might from many a fatultie free them. But Frank's profile was a most pleasing one, then those dreamy poetic eyes of his so often seen with that sad, far-away look in them, yet when talking in praise of some of his favorite bards, lighting up with a fire that was startling while the burning words leapt to his lips and found utterance in tones as sweet as a lullaby, were quite enough to win the heart of any ordinary girl. I am not quite certain whether or not Tilde was an ordinary girl. I inow she was not so highly educated as many of the American girls one meets abroad. But then she was correspondingly less didactic, and if she had not quite so much self possession she had more heart and feeling. This is almost equivalent to saying that Tilda had fallen in love with Frank. Well, I fear she had. That was the pity of it. The awful pity of it, as events will show. For Frank had no heart to give. It is not really to be wondered at, that thrown together as these two young people were amid such romantic surroundings, one at least bad learned to love. Frankc had really nothing to do on board this ship, though gladly enough sometimes would he have been to help to take in sail, or set sail, or even to take-his trick at the wheel. His services not being required, he did what any other man would have done, he gravitated towards Tilde. They read the poete together, and studied Browning. When they needed a change, they found it in the study of the marine fauna. And this constitutes a far greater range of study than many might believe. The Mountain Wave had been sailing most of the time, the truth being thatskipper Bonifaco was anxious to spare his coal for eergenoies. The ship was three weeks from o, an oh a-vat deal 'of progress becn made, she was now well 'up e South Sea Islands. seas teem with the tiny wonders of emal and vegetable life. Frank and Tilda had a muslin net each, and these they used to drag overboard for an hour, then meet in a quiet corner of the saloon to wash off and mount their captures. This needed very greatcare and caution. Often the animal nnles they caught were so small as to be almost invisible until arranged by means of fine needles upon black cards. Then their beauties were indeed displayed to perfection. Tiny, tiny, transparentfishlets-I am coining a word on purpose-strangely shaped little sea-demons, with bodies that though mostly shining like silver, displayed all the colors of the rainbow; small, dreadfully diminutive beings, many of them so grotesquely hideous that had they been ten thousand times as big, as Tilda said, they were ugly enough to turn one tostone through perfect terror; creatures with awfuleyes, with fierce, vindic tive jaws, creatures with heads out of all proportion to their bodies, creatures armed with claws and teeth and spines so cruel that, to beings of their own, they must have seemed veritable terrors of the ocean. Many of their finds, when viewed with an ordinary magnifying glass looked so fierce and awful that poor Tilda started and shivered with dread. But the vegetable life they ensnared in those nets was different entirely, microscopic ferns and shrubs, microecopic flowers radiant with light and color and shape and beauty that it is impos sible to describe. All this was semi-microscopic study, but it was very delightful, and tended to draw the young folks' hearts together in love and friendship advisedly, love on poor Tilda's side, friendship real and true on his. But there were giant fauna as well as semi microscopic to be studied. Hand in hand, as if they had been two children, Frank and Tilde often roamed up and down the decks for an hour at a time fore and aft as well. And there was invari ably something to be seen and to be admired. The birds for example. The beautiful ani strange piebald gulls. But whether they sailed in the air or floated drowsily on the sea's surface, always cave one the idea of mmaoulato cleanliness and spotless beauty. Never a feather awry, never a line or a curve out of proportion. The monster Albatross-great eagle of the sea-that seemed tolive but to soar on the ambient air. A bird whose very will ap red to support or to carry him with ghtning rapidity along on the wings of the wind, or dead against the strongest breeze that blew. Truly a marvellous bird. And did not this eagle of the sea afford a chanoe to Frank to repeat from beginning to end the whole of Coleridge's weird lay of the "' Ancient Mariner." Then there were wee, pitiful Mother Caroy's chickens that looked like chips of dark lightning but that always carried a 'glint of sunshine on their back-apparently " even when the sun was not shining at all. And the frigate bird, another marine wonder, who flies or soars for days and weeks without ever alighting at all, and who sleeps as he soars upon the wind. But the dark ocean itself had its formal marvels, that were startling enough at times, ' as when the huge black head of somi marine monster with fierce big eyes was suddenly protruded from the slope of a wave; stare around like a nightmare, then once more disappear, leaving the astonished gazer to doubt whether the apparition had been real, ·nd not a fearful freak of imagination. One way and another the forenoona fled away with strange rapidity, and the luncheon bell always rang out loud and clear before oReither Frank or Tilda could tell how the (thne had slipped away. Happy youth ! Happy hours. But a change soon came. '-CHAPTER XXVI.--Ttn DAnKNESS Onuto AROUND TrE SiIp' LIrKE THICKEST OAree. " Sorrows soetlom come singly." Whoover he was who first made this smark, he must have had a fairly length. ed experience of the ups and downs ao an life. No one can deny that there is aiderable truth in this adage. Do we nomt this exemplified almost every year r ere are runs of luck and runs of ll-leck. 80o) Perhaps there isno such thing as luck or ill luck either in-the world, and noasuch thing as"ohance. I am not stopping to consider this. My own idea is that happiness, or what are called the jove of life, sometimes come in shoals, and griefs follow in line, too often treading on each other's heels. Fortune may smile on us for years, and all at once turn round and apparently make a dead set at us. But not to moralise, let me get at once to facts. No one there on that sunny forenoon, on the Mountain Wave, could have dreamt that either danger or sorrow was anywhere near. To be sure the shiv was becalmed, or had been, for hours, for the wind had fallen all of a sudden, gone down almost as quickly as a candle goes out when you direct the breath upon it. In an hour after this there was not a ripple or cat's-paw to be seen even from the masthead, only huge rolling seas, with a glow on their surface like mercury. In the shade of the ship, had you looked overboard, Eo clear was the water that you could have seen right away down into cool depths, unfathomable, awful. Yes, awful, for while Frank and Tilda leaned over the bulwarks, she holding by a stay, he with one arm gently round her slender waist to support her, right away down there they could see strange looking elongated little fishes, one, two three, with dark backs and creamy-looking sides, sailing round and round. Yes, and getting larger and larger momentarily, till they appeared veritably to grow beneath their startled eyes-till at last they changed into the most terrible-looking sharks that Frank had ever beheld. Their dark fins protruded above water now, and their sly, evil eyes almost fascinated the beholders till they could not help saying to themselves, " What an awful thing if one were seized while looking at those monsters with a kind of madness that should impel one to cast oneself into the sea !" It would indeed be a fearful thing! Hardly would it be accomplished ere those tigers of the ooean that now looked so sly, so calm, would rouse themselves to noaction, would lash their tales with fiercest anger, and the sea around would spoedly be red with human blood. Tilda drewback at last. "Come, Will," she said, "1 am getting fascinated. I do not know what I might not do." And the girl shuddered as she clung to Frank's arm. But steam was being got up speedily. Already the smoke was rising in great volumes from the funnel and floating around the ship like an ugly thunder cloud. Then, by-and-bye up roared the-steam, and after one or two spasmodic gasps, like those emitted from the lungs of a dying leviathan, the pulses of the great ship began to beat and throb, and there was a rush of foaming up-churned water heard under the stern, and the Mountain Wave began slowly to forge ahead and face the swelling seas. There was a green island some miles dis. tant that hung like an amethyst on the hori son-a kind of little fairyland 'twixt sea and sky, and fringed in front by three lines of snow-white, foaming breakers. Frank and Tilda had swarmed up and on to the narrow bridge, which was reached by a ladder from near to the mainmast, and stood looking at this island through their field-classes. " How beautiful it is, Will," she said innocently enough. " How I should like to land there. What a primitive, happy people they must be who inhabit that lovely isle of the sea ! Does it not strike you as being a kind of floating fairyland, Will ?" Before he could reply she went on to de scribe what she saw. First there are the rolling seas close here in the foreground, the sunlight flashing from their surface, then the ever-widening blue oepanse of ocean, then those lines of snowy breakers, with here and there a darker rift where no waves peem to break, then another strip of blue, next a sandy beach, only a shade less white than the breaking waves, and last of all the green, green trees. " And now, O. now, I can see dark figures on the beach, hurrying and scurrying hither and thither, like ants on a summer lawn when their nest has been disturbed. What a pity, Will, we are not closer to the shore. I'm sure the Captain would lot us land." Frank laid a hand gently on her shoulder, and she looked up in smiling confidence. " Do you know, my dear little shipmate, what you might expect if you were to land yonder?" he asked. " O, a warm welcome from the poor creatures." " Very. It would be so excessively warm that you would be sorry ever you had been born. Why, Tilly, those are savages, and more than likely cannibals. They would cook and eat my little shipmate." "I don't believe it, Will. More than likely they would cover me with leaves, and I should be Queen of the Cannibal Isles. See, they have lit a fire now." ' Yes ; that is to warn us off, or to tell us what to expect if we show face on that floating fairyland." "But why should they hate the white man ?" "The white man's own fault, dear chum. Many years ago, Tilly, it was proposed by wise legislators that a contract with mutual benefits accruing therefrom might be entered into between the natives of very many of the islands that are dotted all around in these seas and our white brethren of Australia. We, the white folks, were authorised to go and make a bargain with these black brothers of ours. They, the blaok brothers, were to be offered a free passage to some of our colo nies, good food, good pay, some extra gar ments--for in the matter of wearables they are exceedingly primitive- and a safe return to their own bonnie shores. " At the first off-go the whites were ex ceedingly good to the blackfellows, and very willing andexcellent workers they found them. And when the natives returned they spread a good report. They had seen and resided in a land flowing with milk and honey, and they had come back in peace and with money -boautiful bronze money with which they might purohase tobacco and even rum from passing ships. "So things went on for a time but, lo I the perfidious whites broke faith with their sable brothers. They came to treat them anyhow, so to speak. They choated them, they boat them, they starved them, and they even charged them for their passage back. So it came to uses that the white men we a looked upon as devils, Tlly, and some of them on landing on fresh islands received the doom of devils, and Weoro burned alive. " Retaliation was now the cry of the white men, and the woret of these saw their way, under the pretext of meetine Out jostie to these islanders and avenging their do. fnot fellows, of making a very good thing of it indeed. So, instead of landing pesce fully to bargain for labor, they landed on plunder and revenge Intent; they murdered women and babes, they fired villages and took prisoners. These prisoners on being carried off to the vile blood-reeking ships of these black-birders, as those engaged in this trafilo are called, were offered tleir lives if they would serve as laborers and volunteers. So the poor creatures ' volunteered.' And thus the traffic went---a kind of internecine war, Tilly-and thus it is going on till this day. " When our pretty black-birders find out an island where the deceitful character of white men has not gone before them, then, indeed, they have a prize. For they treat the poor creatures with great kindness at first. They make them presents of beads and cloth, and receive in return fruit, fish and honey. When friendly relations are fairly established they give a feast or two on board the ship itself, and administer a modi cum of fire water, and in the midst of the feasting and general jollity down below, the hatches are suddenly clapped on, sail is set, and away to sea goes the pretty black birder, with his cargo of volunteers. What think you of this for a true picture of british slavery, my dear, and innocent Tilly Y" "It is brutal, horrible," cried Tilda, with the tears in her eyes, " and I think it is cruel in the extreme, in the English Go vernment, not to put such a fearful trade down. Why don't they P"' "Because, Tilly, the Irish question must take precedence of everything else, and, because it is supposed to be for the good of civilisation, and the spread, of religion and encouragement of colonisation, that, all these cruelties should exist." "Dear Will," said Tilda, " you have quite taken the romance out of my fairy-land afloat. But see, it is receding from us now." "Yes, Tilly, since we have been talking and yarning, here, lo and behold, the engineers and stokers have been busy below, and steam is up at last." "I don't like steam." "No, nor I. I am old-fashioned enough to love the white wings that ship spreads to waft them swan-like o'er the water. To me living in a noisy, hot, and guilty steamship, alwavs smacks of life in a mill, there is neithier rest nor romance about it, night nor day; and instead of really enjoying oneself, one is always in a kind of fever to get the voyage over, intent every day at noon in discovering what the run has been for the last four and twenty hours, and when the ship will reach her journey's end. In a steamship, Tilda, ' man never is but always to be blest,' in a sailing craft, it there be any repose about his nature at all, he can be as calm, contented and happy as the summer day is long. " But come, dear Tilly, I am keeping you up in the sun here far too long, and look, your pretty white dress is getting quite colored with blacks. Let me help you down the steep stair." " I'm sure I should never be tired staying up here, Will, with you by my side, to talk thus pleasantly to me." Frank sighed. " You are always sighing," said Tilda, frankly. "I'd give a good deal to know the history of your life. I'm sure there is a lady in it.' " Isn't there a lady in the history of every man's life, Tilly I feel sure there is. Ladies are a great power for good or-evil. Come. Sixteen stops. Put your right foot first for lunck." A moment after, Tilda was safe on deck, and standing by her mother's side. S"O, mother," she said, putting one arm half round that capacious waist, " Mr Smith has been telling me such dreadful stories about black beetles." "Black beetles, child ? You mean cook roaches." "No, mother, no, I didn't mean black beetles, but black-birders, dreadful white men, you know, that land on. the islands around here, capture the natives, and carry them away from their homes into exile and slavery." " Is that so, Mr Smith ?" "I fear it is only too true, Mrs Keighly," said Frank. "Tell mother what you told me," said Tilda. 'crank looked as if he did not much relish resuming his narrative, and was unfeignedly relieved when Mrs Colonel Kelghly said: " O, no, dear Tilda, I should have dreams, nightmares and all kinds of bogey-haunted sleep, you know how weak my heart is !" Then she put her arm through Cholly's and 1 sailed away aft. On over the sunlight sea steamed the Mountain Wave, on and on and on. Many a little green isle was passed, and many a dangerous shoal as well. For these last men were constantly on the outlook. Seldom, indeed, was any broken water observable, only a change of color in the deep blue of the ocean's breast could be distinguished sometimes, as much as a league away; then the course would be altered somewhat and the ship kept away from all source of danger. But these wide green or yellow patches wore not the worst feature in the navigation of those treacherous seas. For sometimes a dark patch of rocks would seem to rise up almost under the very bows of the good ship, and she had to have a very hard-down helm indeed to avoid a collision that would inevitably have resulted in destruction. The truth is the vessel had somehow got considerably out of her course, and, although Ben Boniface had sailed 'twixt Sydney and 'Frisco more times than he could tell on his ten fingers, he had somehow gone astray this voyage. ?ut towards evening, a good hour, indeed, before the great crimson sun sank down in the burning west, and night's starry pall had fallen o'er the ocean, all danger seemed past. Never a green isle was to be seen, and never a patch of grey water, or yellow even, from the mainmast head. So extra hands were put in the chains and good outlooks stationed. Then even Boniface himself gave a sigh of relief as he descended to his cabin to dress for dinner. It is wonderful what bold sailors those men are who know nothing of the sea and its perils. Cholly wasono of t~ese. No number of voyages could ever have made a seaman of Cholly. fis bunk wasalways his "bed," his cabin his "bedroom," the steward was "waiter,"-and don't faint my seafaring friend--he positively talked of the upper deck as the "lid" of the ship. As to ropes or spars, rigging, sails or shroads, Cholly knew no more than Rover himself. But he never thought of danger, never dreamt he was not quite as safe onboard ship as he could have been in the Great Western hotel, Paddington, or the Palace at 'Frisco. When Frank took Tilda down to dinner that evening he found Captain Ben standing by the glass, and humming a tune to himself. This was a habit Ben had when deeply im mersed in thought. " How is the glass, captain 1" said Frank, leaving his seat for a minute to join the sturdy mariner. Ben laughed a little puzzled kind of a laugh, and looked at Frank. " You're a sailor," he said, " perhaps you understand it. Bother me if I do." "Why," he continued, "to my certain knowledge that glass has risen and fallen twice within the hour and now it is going tumbling down again." Franklooked serious. "I eoneass, Captain Ben," he said, "that I don't like it. We're going to have some thing, I guess." " O, yes, it is main easy to guessathat, but what that something is going to be is the puzzle." " VWell, air," said Frank, "though we can't help being uneasy, let us hope for the best. Thank your stars, Captain Ben, you've got steam up. Ah I here comes hirs Colonel Koighly. Cholly and she entered just at that moment, but somehow his merry, empty laugh scemed to jar terribly on Franks feelings, as he sat down to dinner besides Tildae. He longed to cheek the man's merriment, and tried to do so without alarming the ladies. Cholly," he said, "woro you ever in a gale of wind: a downright blow, you know?" "Deoar boy, yes, in a score on 'em. They never frighten Ohlolly." "I trust, Captain Bonifaoo," said Mrs Colonel Kelghly, "that we are not about to experience bad weather " ' Ye may have a little puff, madame," was the reply, "we cannot always expect to have it fine, yen know." I So the dinner proceeded, much as usual, r Cholly being in his very finest form, the Sdoctor ready to laugh at anything that any Sbody said, Captain Ben still looking puzzled i and far more silent than Frank liked to see him. i Hardly was dessert finished ere Ben stole on s deck and Frank followed him. | Both of these men had experienced many a dark night in the tropics, but never surely anything so inky black as this. It was r appalling in the extreme, not the sign of a star was visible, the darkness clung around the ship like thickest crape. The light from the binnacle pierced in straight lines the smoke that issued from the funnel; though close thereto it seemed a rolling, twisting cloud of fire, and was almost immediately swallowed up in the mysterious blackness. Even the ship's white wake was seen but a little way, while forward; if one turned his gaze, his very eyeballs seemed turned to stone. "Strange, isn't it ?" said Ben, as he turned once more to go below. "Strange, indeed, and mysterious, too," said Frank, "but I think we'll soon have it,. sir." "Have what, Mr SmithP" "I don't know, sir." About half an hour after this, all were sitting in the saloon, but a lull had taken place in the conversation. Everyone was silent, and apparently listening. Suddenly rapid footsteps were heard advancing aft... Next moment the skylight was thrown open, and the soared face of the Yankee mate looked down. . " Great God I sir," he exclaimed, " come up at once. There is a spirit walking towards us over the sea I" CHAPTER XXVII.--TiE ON-co0ME OF THE AwTUL STORb. The mate's face looked ghastly in the glare of the lamp-light, and there was such a depth, such an intensity of terror in the timbre of his voice, that a cold shudder ran through everyone who heard him speak. Had the man suddenly gone out of his mind to talk of a spirit walking over the water, and on a night such as this, too ? No wonder the ladies turned pale and screamed in the strange way a sleeper screams under the influence of a terrible nightmare. Captain Ben and Frank rose at once and rushed on dock. The rest crept together at one end of the saloon to wait and listen. The mate was at thetopof the companion to receive his captain. He had a ship's lan torn in his hand, and now took his way for ward, the others following mechanically as it were. Past the hatohways up through which the gleams of light iroan the engine-room fires rose in red straight rays, cutting and pieroing the inky gloom above as if with swords of flame, past the mainmast, past the foremast and into outer darkness beyond. The mate held the lantern one moment on high, and its yellow rays glimmered on the pale and frightened faces of the men gathered round the bows. Then it went suddenly out, and Frank now beheld a sight that might well make sailors stand silent and awed, under the spell of superstitious dread. Away, far over perhaps on the starboard bow was "the spirit walking over the waters," and coming straight towards the ship. A tall, luminous figure as it ap peared at that moment, a ghostly appari tion that seemed to hang betwixt the horizon and the nearer sea; a figure that moved hither and thither, and backwards and forwards, now larger, now momen tarily less, and anon pointing a ghostly arm sky-wards. No one spoke a word for a time, perhaps no one could speak-if their feelings were any semblance to those of Frank, they must have felt as if under the spell of some evil dream. The spectre advanced now, rapidly growing larger and larger as it neared the ship, growing apparently more..transparont, too, till presently it was seen to consist of a pale bluish shimmering light or flame. And the water of the sea directly beneath it was strangely moved, but how. or by what it was impossible to say. Nearer and nearer, larger and larger. And now it was almost on them: almost over the ship. ' Great God !" the mate exclaimed again, but in. a strange and far-away- like voice, " we are all dead men." " The Lord have meroy on us," said some one else. The strange spirit-light was on them now; it was all about and around them, a mist and shroud of outlines, on the sea and on the fear. ful, ghastly and bewildered faces of the crouching crew. Frank looked overboard; the water seemed alive with darksome shapes. One., two, three, then a dozen gruesome beasts, he could count; he could see the writhing of their tails, their heads, and their awful eyes. No more mysterious, no more terrible sight than this had over before perhaps been seen in tropic seas. But out spoke the skippor's voice at last, I and boldly it rang all over the ship. "Keep up your courage, boys, it is only I St. Elma's fire on a larger scale 1" The strange, luminous misnlet was now some distance astern, getting less andless again till it once more assumed the appearance ascribed to it by the superstitious mate, that of a spirit walking over the sea. The men watched it till it quite disappeared in the far distance. The mate rolit his lantern, and all crowded round the skipper as if to seek for some explanation of the curious and fearful ap parition. "I have no very lucid explanation to give, boys," he said. "We cannot deny we have seen a rare and a fearful sight. MDn have seen the same before." "And lived?" "tYes, boys, and lived to tell of it. But science can give us no clue as to its cause, only that it is connected with phosphorescence I and electricity." "But the creatures in the water, sir? Those awful beasts, what wore they ?-and what were they doing ?" "'That," said the skipper, "is the most easily explained part of the whole business. They wore either sharks or sea-elephants, or maybe some of both, though our foolish 1 fears magnified them into hugo, writhing blacok snakes. It is well known that the creatures that dwell in the sea, and the creatures *in the universal earth for that matter, are fond of light, and that they will come to it from afar, and follow it and go with it wheresoever it goes. That ex plains that part of the entertainment, for on a night of such intense darkness as this St. Elma's fire trailing over the bosom of the black water would be bound to attract sharks from every quarter of the compass. 1 Good night, men. Mate, tell the steward to lot the erew have a glass of grog. Show a light here till we get aft." Throb-throb-throb wont the pulse of the moving ship; throb-throb. There was the working of the great shaft, and the churniog of the waters under the stern now giving plaeo to a loose, rattling sound as the vessel plunged momontarily head first into the trough of a great smooth sea leaving the crew to revolve in empty air. Throb-throb-throb then ceased, and all was still. No longer a hush, but silence deep as death from stem to stern of the night ensebrouded ship. Captain Ben had hishand upon the companion-hatahway, the tall mate held the lantern high aloft, and all eyes were turned aft in the darkness. Bon knew what was coming, and so did Frank, and know, too, whose were the advancing footsteps. "VWe are broke down, air." "I'm'very sorry to hear it, engineer. With out a breath of wind or air, with a storm of some kind brewing, in this terrible darkness, and with shoals not far off perhaps, I don't think our position is one to be envied. Any chance of your being able to repair her soon P" "Not the ghost of a chance for days or weeks, if over." " Well, it can't be holpoel, Mr Dean. Lot the fires out. Mate, see to it that the sails are ready to be hoisted at a moment's notice." " And ait o"-Ben talked almost in a whisper -"eeo that the boats are watered, provisioned and all ready to lower." " Ay, ny, sir." -?hen Frank and Ben went - below again, they found Cholly himself seated at the piano. " Been trying to cheer the ladies up, Cap tain, dear," he said, " but whatever have you been all up to P Poor mate has got spirits on the brain, hasn'thoP But what have you stopped the ship for, el P" At thatmoment, nnd just as Captain Ben was about to reply to Cholly's banter, the skylight and saloon were lit up by a glare of llghtning of such brillianoy, that the lamps even seemed to burn yeUow and dim by comparison. Those whose gaze happened to be turned upwards at the time could see every rope and spar on deck stand out as darkandolear as if it had been noontide. The silence that followed the flash was in. tense and long. No one moved from the position no or she had oconpied when the glare filled the saloon. The peal came at last, beginning with a far-oft muttering, drawing nearer and still more near, until it crashed over the ship with a din so deafening, so apalling, that when it ceased it was difli ault indeed to believe that masts had not been splintered, and yards and rigging hurled downwards on the deck. The storm now broke over the ship in all its fury,. flashon flash, and peal on peal, the rain falling almost with the violence of a water-spout, and breaking as it struck the deck into spray. In the glare of the inces sant gleams of lightning, the falling rain looked like cords of fire or streams of fire, golden, crimson and blue, while sea and clouds seemed all ablaze. 'Without one half-hour of intermission the storm raged all night long, ceasing only when the sun rose iu the eastern horizon, and his blood-red beams flashed over the heaving world of waters. And not till then did Frank M'Naughton turn in, all standing, for a few hours' repose. Cholly was sound asleep, and had been so probably for many hours, for i man like this has no more knowledge of danger than a babe in arms. (To nBE COnINUED.) 