Ghosts a chat with a haunted hottse eXpeet. ? 'Then you don't believe in ghosts. Mr BrookeT' ' Certainly not ; but I do believe there are people who see them— ia imagination.' Sucb was the question put by a repre sentative «f the Pall Mall Gazette, and the answer received from Mr W. F. Brooke, of Maskelyne and Cooke's, who the other day issued a circular offering to visit 'haunted house' and lay, the most troublesome 'BDOOk.' Mr Brooke complains somewhat of the Psychical Easearch Society,and thinks that If more activity was shown many houses that have beem empty f»r years, because they have, the reputation of being haunted, might be let. He has great faith in indi vidual work in thi? line, and is convinced that if some one would set himself up as a ' specialist,' and offer to take up bis quarters in the 'dread being's own abode' f«r a little time, he might eaeily find out v-the real cause of the disturbance,' and thus do away with the silly notions that soon spread about and give a house a bad name. THE ADVENTURE OV THE STOWAWAY. « What was your first achievement ?' ' Oh, a very simple affair. I was on board a ship in Newcastle, Australia, and we had taken a cargo of coals for New Zea land, but on the. day previous to the sailing every man on board deserted on account of the strange noises that were heard in th© ship's hold, and, in fact, all over the vessel. I heard the noises myself, and at first was under the impression that some sbowaway was in distress. I found out this was not the case, so (having an idea) I commenced imitating various animals, and was soon delighted to hear myself answered. I proceeded cautiously in the direction of the sound,, but slipped, and rolling down' the heap of coals, fell into the l arms ' of the poor little pig that we had lost three weeks before, and which had grown enor mously fat during hie; incarceration, exist ing solely upon coal \' ttHB CAT AWJ- THE BAT. ' I suppose that in many cases animals are the cause of these strange noises ?' ' Oh, yes 5 I have had many instances of the kind. One time I was sent for to calm the fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for several nights by unearthly noises and rappings that had, they assured me, ' come out of the earth.' I found that the sounds proceeded from ' the tfforts of a cat to extricate its head from a lobster tin under the floors. In another case I was quittly sitting in a haunted house with a dim glimmer of light, * piece of cheese near a suspicious looking hole, and my trusty No. 2 shot in a little barrel, when I saw tw© glistening eyes, and I ' let go.' I dr«w forth a beau tiful specimen of an ordinary rat, with a wooden ball tied round ita neck. No naore rapping was heard there. The wood, I presume, had been tied round the poor brute as an old dodge to scare away its companions, and in its journeyinga it tapped against the laths and floers.' \- FOOTPRINTS ON TKB SANDS. - ' What are your methods of unearthing ghosts?' 'They are very simple. I have very acute hearing, and can generally locate a sound directly I hear it ; but if I fail to discover in which direction it comes from direetly, I make a minute examination of the doors and windows and floors. I? I Buspect that it is caused by an animal or by some practical joker who is in the house, I scatter a little powder or sand around all the entrance*, sit down quietly and await the appearance of the apparition or the sound of the creature. If it appears (it ^ never does though !) and goes off again I examine the powder round the doors for footmarks or pawtreads. I understand thoroughly the construction of a house,and consequently, can often detect flaws in the building that would not be noticed except by a practical man. Strange noises are caused by a variety of things ; clothes basket* that have contained wet clothes are hung up in a warm room after washing day. They will emit peculiar sounds to 1 the nervous. Loobo boards under carpets will set many people wondering, a beetle underneath a wail paper, tco, will make a strange .scratching sound. It is not a sufficient known fact that imagi nation is the only intellectual faculty which exercises a direct influence on the bodily organs, those , organs being the j organ* of sense. It acts by producing in : them, or in paits of the brain with which they communicate, the same state which is usually brought abbtit by external objects actually present 'to 'them. The eye is most liable td be affected by these false impreE sionsj which occur in many different states of system. I know a man who sees phan toms very often. I have been in his com pany when he sees them — he has had two or three attacks of 'D.T.' ' a ' woman's piteous midnight shrieks?' ' Needless to say, Mr Brooke, you have always discovered the nature and where abouts of the 'spirit '?' ' Yes. I have never been beaten, but I have had several tough customers to deal with. One house that I visited bore a very bad name. Unearthly shrieks as of a woman while being ill-treated had been heard by the neighbours, as well as by the late occupants. I stayed in the house by myself one evening but failed to hear any thing out of the common, until a lady a few minutes before 12, gave me a taste of her quality. I heard her as I was sitting in the kitchen, and then in the room above. I went into the garden, she was there; I went into the street, she was there. I know she was there because I heard her. I examined the house thor oughly but without success, until my efforts were rewarded after about a couple of hours searching, and I traced her voice to the roof. I went for it with a ladder and brought it down under my arm. The chimney pot cowl was rusty, knocked out of shape by the sweep's brush, and the wind caused these unmusical sounds.' A KTBTERIOTTS FOOTSTEP. — WANTED,GJIOSTS. 'By no means a pleasant job, clamber ing over the roof of an empty house ? ' ' I've had worse. I managed to unearth the. cause of the footsteps that were always heard during rainy weather in a large house in High-street, Debtford, some time since. After swarming about the outside in the wind and wet, I discovered that the gutter was stopped up, and the water flowed over on to a leaden flat and caused the tapping. Faces were never seen at the windows while I stayed there, and two pots of ? four 'arf informed me that 'the blokes' wot lived in one of the kerrayans on the fair ground behind used to go in the house when it was empty to ' des*.' ' 