LIFE IN THE ROOKIES. ALONG THE CANADIAN PACIFIC. Adventures of the Woods. The Mysterious Man — His Strange i- Tales— Experiences in the Far West— Wild Life Among , The Indians. : By the Marquis of Lorne in she " Graphic." "Of oourBe that's not his real name ?" "Well, it's what he wants to go by, nyway." "Did he tell you anything of himself?" \- " Not of hie early history, but a lot of more recent adventures." " What makes you think he's a gentle man?' " Well, ohiefly his manner, and then his accidentally mentioning things that had happened to him in England." " Oh, he's an Englishman, is he ?" "There's no doubt about that, and no doubt in my mind that he's a gentleman— a perfeot gentleman— an English gentleman. "That's rather an acquisition, if he'll come with ns." " I hear he's up. to more dodges in getting game and in making a cosy camp than any body." This was the talk at a rough hotel, or rather boarded shanty, at Kamloops, in British Columbia, a good many years ago, and the subject of tho talk broke it off Bharp by entering the bar-room. He nodded at the two Britishers who had been discuss ing him, and strode 'to the counter. Then, filling three glasses, he took one and pushed the two others towards those who had been inquisitive about him and said : "Drink." One of the two young men addressed at once took a glaBS. The other shook hie head, and said politely : "Thanks very much, but I've had my quantum." The "perfect gentleman" made one long stride towards " our Mr. Snooks " (as the commercial house for which the young man worked rejoiced to call him), and said, as ho looked down seriously upon Snooks : " Sir, in this country people are supposed to drink when they're asked to." " Needless to say, Snooks took the glass at once, and swallowed tho contents with a meek gulp, which seemed to ex pend all the breath that was left in him. Saooks' friend had already grasped the situation intuitively, for he was of robust build and had no special titnos and seasons for a drink. Both the robust and the delicate travellers now looked up at the "perfect gentleman" with marked attention. But thero was nothing very ex traordinary about his appearance. Tall and thin, with arched nose aud fair moustaoha and beard, and fine clear blue eyes, he seemed, but for a very decided stoop and too sloping shoulders, to be " a very pretty man," as his Highland countrymen would say ; for it was apparent that his name— "Scott " — was Caledonian, and the sternness of his face when quite at ease made Snooks and the stouter Tom both hope that his wildness would prove the only poetio license oa his part. This really seentcd to be the case ; for, seeing that Snooks was alarmed at tho suddenness with which he had been induced to swallow his grog, he sat down with a decided smile on his long face, and said to the two who stood still : " Well, I'm pretty tired, for I've been a juryman." Snooks stared with a yet more retrod look, but the robust Tom found on inquiry that Mr. Scott wrb not romanoing. " Yes, I have been panelled for the trial of tho fellow who shot at the Chinaman ; but, of course, we all wished the Chinaman had been shot. It was a mighty hot day, and the evidence deucedly long and tire some. Then, in the middle of the chief witness' story, when wo were hoping to finish the thing off, camS news that the Governor was arriving by tho river. So the Judge thought that the Go- vernor couldn't land without the assist ance of the Judge, and uprose "the Court,' apparently expecting us to remain where we were until the Governor had landed, and goes down to the river. Then out went the audience, and cho jury didn't see why they should stay, and I went out with them. Goodness knows what's become of the prisonor. Perhaps ho went down to meot tho Governor, too. Anyway, tho trial's broken off because the jury commuui- cated with the outside public." "I. drink to you, sirs ; you are part of tho outBide public." Further conversation reveoling the fact that he was not over anxious to bo ein- pannelled again, Tom made overtures to the tall drinker, which ended in his promising to show them what he could of the sport to be had thereabouts. He would not have anyone else go with them, but said they must carry souls food, and that he would guarantee that they would get pro- viaut euough, provided they would snoot decently straight. "And if they couldn't, he could." - Aud they had no aauBe to regret the decision. The autumn days had become cold enough to bring snow to the mountains, and the cold had driven the mountain sheep to the lower slopes. Several small flocks wore Been in the valleys, and' to stalk them and to gqt a protiy easy shot 011 eaBy ground was congenial to Mr. Snooks' tasto. He was moderately successful, probably because the fine, solitary ram that used to guard the flock did not suppose him to bo as formid able as he really was. It was rather piteous to see so fino un animal fall to so prosaio an Antagonist. The fine head of tho wild Bhcep, with its great, curving thiak hums, would be thrown up as though sus picious of impending trouble, and intent to guurd against it. He would give an im patient Btamp, when awaro of the approach of man, and yet gaze a moment longer to make sure ; and then would come the rifle shot, and, with one bound into tho air, he would lie the next minute a mere convulsive mass of brown and white, his eyes glazing, and the hair of. his coat roughed with the stones on which he fell. For these sheep have no wool. A coarso brown hair like that of a deer, but less fine, covers them. But, curiously enough, tho mountain goat has wool— on his back. On tho " saddle " of the back there is a snow-white fleece, and this everywhere else on his body gives place to long snowy hair. The stouter uf the two sportsmen was much tho keener after these ancient-looking goats, with their wiBe faces, short, almost straight,' backward-bent horns, and white- trouscred strong legs. Tom said he didn't mind any height so long as he had something to hold on to, even if that something wore only the endB of Scott's jucket. It is curious how somo men will face any. precipitous depth below them so long as thoy can clutch something, just as one knows of norvous ladieB who don't ntind a steep bank near the carriage so long as they have a husband, son, or brother whom, thoy can pinch black and blue os soon as thoy think themselves' in danger. There are many men of tbe most dauntless courage, which can be displayed everywhere ex cept where they must cross a plank without a handrail. Custom does every thing. Even a steeple-jack must hold on to something, as a rule. It is possible that ponies might get accustomed to grizzly bears, but it certainly requires practice. Most horseB havo instinct, or have, by power of smell, a knowledge of where a bear has recently crossed a trail, and will stand and shake with terror, although they may never have seen a bear during their lives Their daniB must have told them about bears, and frightened them with stories when they wanted ohedionco in the foals or fHlies, much as nurserymaids used to frighten ohildren in England by threaten ing that if they were not quiet they would bring Bonaparte to thorn.' Neithernurse nor child had seen Bonaparte, but the mere idea, derived from no one knows what, was enough. Just so with the grizzlies. The mere idea is enough to make moat ponies go wild with fright. Every day our sportsmen cxpeptod to see bears, but the goats and1 the sheep gave them enough to do without the greater " game." The snow on the moun tains was often deep, and they enjoyed tho glissades down the steeps, which were not yet sufficiently covered to cause avalanches. Slippery enough it sometimes was, und one day, when Scott was, luckily, 'tho lowest of the little party, Snooks lost his footing on the mountain-side above. Oue slip, one kick, one futile grasp at tho snow on the ice about him, and then he was whirling down, sending the snow in graceful fountains of whits spray before him as ho darted help lessly towards a rocky ledge, which Beemed destined to Bhoot him out into an abyss below. Seott saw the accident, jambed his staff into the frozen ground, and, reaching out as his unfortunate friend was shooting past him, held on for dear life to the waist coat he had gripped. Out flew every bntton on Snooks' breast; but his course was stayed, and ho lay gasping at Scott's feet. A narrow squeak indeed ; but an inch is as good as a mile. Nerves were somewhat shaken that afternoon, und it was judged to bo just as well to descend to less dangerous ground, and to go into camp. And what delights these eamps gave 1 It may be more luxurious to havo the shelter of the teat in tho warmth of sunshine by the shore, or to need but little fire by tho summer-camp after the day has been spent in work that needs no great bodily exertion. But the greatest of all pleasures is the repose that is the reward of good work aud sport in .bracing air. Whore the white peaks shot upward in glistening stnrlight around the forest valleys, and. could be seen over tho tall pinos— tall— so tall that their "slender tops" soenied indeed "close against the sky " — there were many happy evenings for tho escaped juryman aud his companions from Kamploops. .The t»vo younger men were full of talk when not too sleepy, and would try to get out their tall friend's story ; but ho always put them off by telling only of recent experiences. He knew these passes well. None bettor. It was known of him that ho had once accom plished a marvellous journey over "them. It was at a time when no railway had been dreamed of as likely to be able to thread the tangled wilderness of fir and cedar, and climb the giant ranges that shut out inter course with the plains, makiug " the Pacific slope" in old days a separate world, sundered from tho dry prairie country, and knowing only its own moist sea-breezes und gigantic trees. Nobody knew why he had undertaken to scale the mountains, and risk the loss of his life in the depth of winter by venturing to cross from the sea to the Milk River, as the in fant Missouri is called at its Rocky Moun tain nursery. Nobody had asked him to explore the country. Ho was no surveyor, nor had geology, nor any ology, troubled his inind with problems of the earth's original manufacture. He only knew the globe to glory in goiug round it, or over any of its pro jections which seemed repulsive to other mortals. Some said he had been crossed in love, others said he was mad. Most people are mad in the estimation of a jog trot community around them. If yon have ideas which are not of the ordinary pattern, made to routine order, you are always con sidered mad. Say ditto to everybody aud Wear exactly the same cut clothes, and speak the thoughts everybody can think, and you are a capital fellow aud of sound intellect. Vary from your immediate fel lows and make up your mind that their minds are made up about you in the con clusion that, if mind you have, it has gone wrong. Well, Scott had done ft very mad tiling. He had been where no one had wished to be. He had done what men said was impossible, with no Bpecial object in view, except, as it seemed, to get away — away from people — away from himself — away from life. He had gone up from the coast to Kam loops. That wae easy enough, even in the depth of winter, for there was a track. But then he had passed eastward to the moun tains in a season ot intense frost, aud with only one companion — an Indian, of course. No white man would accompany him to do what h'e said he meant to do— namely, cross over the Canadian Alps with no sup port except what he could drag behind him on a toboggan. In summer the thing was difficult enough, To be sure tho snow would make the dragging of the sledge easier than tho carrying of provisions would be in summer. But tho cold, and the un known track, and tho discauce all seemad against him. " We shall not hear of you agaiu," they had said to him. " Yes. I'll send you word from the other Bide some day," he had cheerily replied. And off he went, and by the fire of the camp he told his two young companions how be had got across. " Why," said Tom, " you must have crossed the Columbia Rivor twice," " Well, wo never knew it— at least I did not. It must have been the case, for we kuow that it runs through the mountains ; but all I remember is ice aud snow and wood and ravine, and rock and mouutainsof mist, and sun and glare. I remember the torture of my feet when the frost bit them black, and how each day, in the morning, it was a blessed relief to get them to bleed afresh before the ache and agony of the tramp had warmed thein a little. Wo got lire in tho woods as long as we were among them, but on the last ridges wo could hot get our sledges over, and th.e food wo could take was near done when we got to tho foothills on the eastern side ; but there the cold was not so great as on tho mountain heights, and a Hudson's Bay post on the Elbow and Bow Rivers put life into us again," " And what d idyou do it for, Scott," asked Suooks, his eyes full of wonder. " Well, perhapB 1 was prospecting, per haps I wasn't. Porhaps 1 wanted to see . what I could do. Perhaps I wonldn't be done," said Scott ; and when tho little man would pursue his questions and inquire and again inquire of Scott, who had become quite silent, the unwarranted inquisitive- ness would be mot by the tall man looking straight before him and saying : " Well, you must wait for my biography." As if to con firm them in tho idea that his journey might havo been made as a gold quest, ho would show them, when they lit their fire beside a stream, how, with a little trouble, it wub possible to find "oolor," or particles of gold, in the gravel or sand at almost every place whore they carried. "I have only once found a big nugget," he said. "But that came up quite handy. I struck hard into a mass of gravel with my pick, which waB a very sharp one, and when I lifted it aguin there was something like a potuto partly lifted with it, and then fell away from tho iron with a splash into the water near by, and I found that the point of the pick had got jatnbed for a moment into a big nugget that I got near a thousand dollars for. I picked protty hard after that, but never found another of any size, though I have got lots of dust. Strange what makes gold stick together in one place. Theso river bars all have it ; but no more seems to come when the pocket is emptied. They employed themselves often, after that nugget story, in washing and delving in tbe barns, and came away with about sufficient for a mau to make a ring out of his own findings, aud that was all. "If we had been Chinese," they thought, "wo should have stayed and got about a dollar a day." But they congratu lated each other they were not Chinese. " "If ever a man gets to tho Pole, he'll find a 1 Heathen Chinee ' washing for gold there," Scott spitefully said, and' he shook again in a pan some of the rivulet's soil, and, stoop ing over it, his aquiline uoso seemed to curl into sharper curve as he mut tered indignantly against tho Chinese, and there, with his gaunt thin frame, and with his long legs astraddle, chequered with the light that readied oven . the lorest recesses, his eyes peered in Vain into the alchemy of. the wilderness' waters. Snooks with his pert nuse, and eyes and mouth agape, craned up to the long man's hands to look into tho pannikin, and Tom, strong and ruddy, sat beside them, as ho looked up also, his lingers grasping his knees, Ttiey met some Indians, and saw how their women rode cross-legged, for tiie sportsmen got as far as tbe Koatenay Valley, now being "opened up" by Bteamer nnd railway, and, before they turned coastwards, again enjoyed the beauty of that wide valley, and saw how the " vanguard of the pine" comes in detached skirmishing order in advance of the thick bands and masses, and how the more lordly of these trees stanch each apart as though in "open order," so that their boughs can spread . freely and the great tassolled ends stretch free to tho air and the light, which plays about their great straight stems, rough with tawny bark, and seamed with dark crevices, so that coloring almoBt as of a tiger's skin clothes them at evening and at morning. They are pretty safe, those troes, for it would not pay to take them to market, and, unless the settler's axe hew them down, they may grace the low hill-slopes, near the lake for inaDy a long day. SawinillB are sure to come, aud planks and logs and beams will be in demand ; but there is a wealth of tim ber, and coal in quantify. "I wish I had settled down here, for there'll bo lots of people and riches here some day," Scott said meditatively one afternoon, as the party rested beneath one of the tall pines, and collected some of the fallen cones for their fire. " I wouldn't," said Tom. " I'd like to lead the life you have led, and wander whero- ever it suits me." " There's plenty of life in it, youngster," said Scott, "and it brings one into queer places and among good psonlo sometimes. Now, one of the.best men 1 ever met was an Indian — not like those we saw to-day, with only a small band, but one of the men who led the life of the early bible chieis, roaming with his horses, and hunting, per haps, more than any old Syrian over did, and not caring for domestic herds, for these people I speak of and their chief had at their disposal the countless herds of the buffnlo." " What I you've been with them, "too 1 — with which — the Syrians or the Redskins?" asked Snooks in mild wonder. " Yes ; I was a teamster in tho Plains once with the Sioux," said Scott ; " and one of the finost men I ever knew was their old chiof, Sitting Bull, Look here," he con tinued, and ho pulled out from his jacket a piece of finely-wrought white leather, covered with little figures of men fighting and tomahawking and shooting each other, with various other devices, such as deer and bnffalo, marked in red upon the long slip— "Look hero, now, that's Sitting Bull's own work. Ho did that with his own hand ; and, though it isn't as well done as a pic ture by a regular artist, I had rather have it than a Raphael." " Why a Raphael would give you 100,0()0dol.," murmured Snooks. " Yes, but it would not give me the memories that this bit of skin gives me. When I look at this I livo again the old lifo with tho man who gave it to me, and see the ordered camp, with tho ensigns, the spears and shields at the tent-doors ; the tentB of splendid skins, painted somewhat like this in large ; the women with their beautiful dresses of bead and leather ; the bands of horses ; the excitement of the groat hunts; the hospitable fireside, whence no man was ever turned away, though that fireside was in the centre of the lodge and in the bosom of the family of the kindly chief — the man who thought no more of risking his life- in fight .with the white troops than he did of giving his guest a whiff from his pipe— the man who conquered well-equipped cavalry in fair fight— the father of his people— worthy to go down in history with the Princess Pocahontas, or with those leaders who gave battle to Pizarro and Cortes. By Jove, ho was a fine fellow 1" concluded Seott, rather to his friend's amazement, for they both confessed that they would far rather be a captain of American horse than a Sioux king or an Aztec emperor. "Well, each man to his taste," said Scott. "I've tried Britain and Europe and most parts of America ; but I never en joyed a better time than the months I spent with old Bull. But the Sioux are going and the buffalo have gone, and I sup. poso there'll soon not be a bear to shoot." " We must get one, anyhow, before we go back," said Tom enthusiastically. "What was your last bear, Seott?" "I haven't killed one for a long time," Seott replied, " and the Inst chance Iliad was an uncommonly lucky one, for I killed a grizzly with a single shot, and from the saddle, toq. I had ridden out from a Hud son Bay post along a river-side, and was passing a clump of willows, when I heard a rustle, and out camo full towards me, and not forty paces off, a big brown brnte. He saw me and turned, and 1 got a shot just a3 my horse seemed inclined to bolt, and, to my surprise, the old bear gave up the ghost in a most handsome manner. I couid hardly believe he would drop so easily ; but there ho lay dead.' Thai's rather encouraging, "Tom remarked, "but I'd rather try from a tree than the saddle, if you don't mind." " Wo may sea a bear on our way down country aguin." And they all virtuously made up their minds that thoy must have a bearskin to exhibit at Victoria. . It was some days after this that, on their return journey, they heard that a boar had been seen in the country to the south-west of tho Spillamacbeen Valley, and at Snooks' request they walked in tbe woods whero he was supposed to he, "keeping touch" with each other ; for, as S. remarked, ho couldn't be expected to tackle a bear for the first time all by himself. Tom said he was quite ready to support him, and all three kept ou giving low whistles to assure each other in the thick brush that help was at hand. "You don't think he would go for me at sight?" Snooks had nervously asked. " No ; he'll go for us first, and keep you for dessert," Scott had encouragingly re plied. The little man became confident as time wont on aud nothing appeared. They had come to a great piece of fallen timber. The side branches stretched upwards and all about at right angles to tbe huge trunk. Snooks mounted one to get on to tho main stem as it lay prostrate. Hu was going to swing himself down on the other side, when lo 1 in front of him arose a vast brown pillar, as it seemed to him, with two big arms, and, with a faint cry, Snooks dropped back among the branches on the aide of tho tree remote from the bear— for bear it was, and a huge one— and crouched, breath- loss, his heart thumpiug in his throat and his limbs perfectly nerveless. The bear had had only a brief vision of the intruder, and apparently concluded Snooks must be a bad dream, for he grunted, lowered himcolf, and took no further notice as far as Suooks could learn, for he heard nothing, saw nothing, and felt only an in tense desire to shout, but could not. But the bear thought it might be worth whiloto see what had beoome of his bad dream, which had loft a suspicious odor behind it. So lie slowly raised himself again, and got up upon the fallen tree-trunk. This made him visible to Tom, who raised his rifle and fired. With a noise something between a hiBS and a grunt and a groan, the bear jumped down almost 011 the top of poor SnooKs, but did not touch him, and " went for " Torn " at sight." Tom tried to shin up a small tree, loaving his riflo below ; for ho had no time, as he, thought, to sling it round him. But tho bear was too quick for him, and clawed his legging, T.'s foot escaping oiaws and teeth. At this instant the hero of tho day, 111 tho shape of Scott, came up, fired, and the bear fell, tearing downTom. Anothermomentundhe had given him a nasty munch in the Bide, but again his jacket saved Tom. Scott fired once more and followed the shot up by driving a long knife into tiie grizzly's heart. It was most gallantly and cleverly done, and tho thanks of both the young men were very earnestly expressed. But it was a narrow shave, and, as SnooKs obecrved, " might have been much worse, hud not he (Snooks) insisted on their keeping togetneb." Pel haps the confidence of all tho party — and certainly thai of the two younger men —was not quite unshaken. There was less talk of the seeking bears. The tone of assurance had somehow " come down." So had tho line of the show, which, when the oampaign had been begun, re mained high up on the mountain-tons. Now the gold of the birch and the crimson of tho vine-maple lit up with: no Baffron or sanguine fires the dark green of the forest- covered mountain walls. The winds were cold, and Kamloops and its confluence of broad river-reaohes was passed without rogret, for the warm shores of tho Pacific were in the traveller's thoughts. The groves of the gigantic firb which are still preserved about the modern city of Vuncouver Boon saw them passing under their verdant twilight, aud the long tiordB of the sea greeted thorn. Thore, where now the cars of the Canadian-Pacific railway come and go with the regularity of night and day on iheir errands across tho con tinent our three frieuds rested und smoked and fished, taking into their service some of tiio coast Indians. These men were experts at handling the peculiarly-shaped canoes which, tike many productions of their art, have a touch of Polynesian forin. The carvings the coastmen make, their orna ments, their mode of building wooden houses (not wigwams, but regular log or rough plank structures) remind those who have seen the Western Pacific people of South Sea tastes. Scott could, of course, tell all about them and their affinities, for wheze had he not been? He knew, too, how to troll in the seawater for the salmon that would not rise to the fly, and to fish for tho trout in the lakes where the trout conde scended to take what the salmon refused. What wondrous fly-fishing it was ! He took them to a lako which shall be nameless — or which we shall at all events only call by an approximation to the sound, of the Indian title, something like "Lake Guessimiflikan" — and there in two days they caught about 400 fish, weighing 9001b. ! For fear that Mr. Andrew Lang and everybody else who loves fly-fishing should at once rush there, only au approach to the nan'e 13 given ; and tho access to the placo is not here indicated, except by the assertion thnt it is in British Columbia— a wide world is that " double, barrelled " name — a name covering a oountry incomparable in beauty and in variety of scenery. Nowhere is thero a richer »ea, nowhere is there a more romantic coast. The fishermen of all the British Isles could.be settled along those shores in a climate soft as that of Devonshire, and find a market for their fresh fish in the Canadian and Ame rican coast cities ; and for their salt fish among the Roman Catholic populations of Chili, Peru, and kindred Southern States. Some day or other, as Mr. Scott said, small fruit trees will be 113 common along the shores ns are now the innumerable firs. The Frnzer figs and apticots will be as popular in London markets as the canned salmon from that river. Meantime, as he wisely said, it iB a mercy to tho sportsman and traveller that all the "congested dis tricts" of Europe are kept by pro-' fessional agitators from haunting the para dise of tho enterprising globe-trotter, who may luxuriate in fishing and hunting better than can bo enjoyed by any European in .the Old World. "We are the free men," con cluded Mr. Scott,, " who see things for our selves and find elbow-room for ourselves, and are not made serfs on bad lands to please prejudices aud make a living for shady politicians." "Now," said Snooks confidentially, " Scott, you have been with us a long time, and we know you must be a countryman of ourB ; do tell U3 if it is not so." "You must wait for my biography," was all the answer he gave. But the mysterious man would entertain them by the hour with tales of his adventures, all of which they implicitly believed to be true. Livingstone used to say that he believed every word of Roualyn Cuntming's African- stories. Scepticism is often more ioolish than faith. "But I tell you thnt England's not a bad place for those who can afford fogs and dogs and horses," he said over his pipe on the last evening they were together, "not a had place at all for those who can afford to punt on her Exchange and hunt in her shires. You ask me what I have been : I tell you to wait for that information. You ask me what I've bunted;: well, -I'll give you a rhyme on that." Aud he sang this compli ment to old English sports: — What have I hunted ? Ah, near and far Lie the scenes recalled by the question words ; 'Neath the Polar Star, on the opal spar Of the ice, I have hunted the walrus herds. With the first in the foremost flight I've been : Hard on the hounds on the fox's track : For the beBt sport's Been in our England green With the scarlet coats and the dappled paek. What have X hunted ? Oh mountains cold Ruddier dyes than the sunset's fell When the big horn rolled on the glacier's fold To the crack of the echoing rifle-knell. What have I hunted? In Labrador Bear — and the moose— and the cariboo Ou the lone pine-shore, or the barrens hoar, With the white moss steeped in the moonlit dew. ' Far in the west was that' glorious head, Of the wapiti borne through the dark spruce pass. With my horse have I sped where the buffalo fled, And have stretched them dead on the prairie grass, What have I hunted ? A mighty band 1— The riverhorse and the lion's brood In the Afric land on the trodden sand, When at night at the shallow pools they stood. And mightier game that roamed at large— The mammoth lords of tho foreBt aisle, Dropped in their charge, by the ruined marge Of tho royal lakes of bur Indian isle. But, best of all hunting, wherever I've been Give mo the hounds on the fox's track, For the best sport's seen in onr England greeu With the scarlet coats and the dappled pack 1 S 