CHKISTMAiSTlDE. CHRISTMAS P EPaRATIONS AND PERFORMANCES. This has bean a iriott puzzling year for the observer who sit* on the fence and see* on both sides. A season of depression, when the cry of the onemuloved ha* straofc the eVrapathicinft ear. Retrenchment has atalked like a grim ghost of misery through the land, having his head quarters at ParliamftBt House, and men's pockets and.generous impulses have shrunk with their BtsA^balamti «nd their fctHabl* home savings, and yet suoh is the elasticity of thn. Australian phjsioal and mental constitu tion that there has been comparatively little outward indication 'of this, so that a stranger : visiting —the city aid her places of amusement would not be convinced without much explanation of the fact tbat South Australia has had a troublous time of it. Tradespeople -cum plain that business is not brisk, but they seem to bold their own, and in tha week ending up with Christmas Eva the shops have been more than fairly filled with customers. Tbe display of goods ha* not been so lavish a* in more prosperous yearn, and prices have come down ; but businessmen follow the advice tor an American millionaire, who said he 'made a fortune by keeping his mouth shut.' On that principle they are not inclined to say much about the ebb and flow of trade ; they are taking time by the forelock and making hay while the tun shines, albeit so fitfully. It is noticeable that there has not been such a great bustling orowd in the streets this year as in better timea bygone, but speedily to come again, and it is attributable to the fact that the country contingent of visitors das not mustered so well. However, cheerf ulneas pre vail*. Thereisnogrizzling. and hearty greetings of ' A merry Christmas and as many of them as yon can crowd into a lifetime,' with verbal variations, are exchanged on all sides. Old Sol has been making his genial influence felt, and ' melting momenta' fill up the measure of the day ;- but the prespiring multitude still strolls on ia the streets, buying and sight seeing to its heart's content, all and several. THE STREET DECORATIONS have been gradually losing their diatinotive nesi aid individuality season after season. Les* «re»nery i* us«d, and not «o much gas in outside illumination, the shopkeepers pre ferring to spend their spare oash on the embellishment of f heir snop windows by the artistic arrangement of goods therein— a more sensible and less old-fashioned method of attracting attention. Here and there were to be seen emblems and mottoeain flickering gas, and decoration* in flower* and foliage or bunt ing, but not to any great extent. THE MARKETS. There was a market at the East-End on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday mornings, and the attendance was as usual very large, with brisk business between midnight and the hoar when the milk goes round. The extra market was necessitated by the require ments of country customers— an immense lot of produoe goes up North. 'This has been a wonderfully improving season,' said one market magnate. ' Cherries have been grand;' and so they were, full, round, rich, and ripe— the heaviest crop on record. 'The rest of the fruit ha* been good, too, in proportion. Figs, for instance, apricots fair, and the vegetables have been good all round and cheap.' It is estimated that 4,000 canea of cherries were sent away from the East- End Market during the four days' business, and that 6,000 oases of other fruit accompanied them. One market gar dener alone from the east sent down twenty tons of cherries, and has sever*! tons that he will not be able to piok. The raspberry crop is limited, and the prioe is high. As for lemons, they have still to be imported. One pleasing feature about the East- End Market is the increase in the number of enterprising , hawkers with neat vans, who buy their stock there and carry it round to thrifty house holder*, who get it cheaper and are saved the trouble of going into market. This benefits the wholesale busmen. . ? Saturday's market, which dates from the dying Friday, was a very heavy one. The place was nl ed before Saturday had dawned, and business wa* vigorous. THE CBNrHAL MAKKKT as usual did a steady progressive retail busi ness, and served its eminently useful purpose. It is much appreciated by small householders and trades people in a limited way of business. THK PIRE BRIGADE STATION. TheheadBtationof the fire brigade is espe cially worthy of a visit juat now, Superinten dent Booker and his men having decorated their rooms in a most artistic manner. From the ceiling are suspended festoon* of bright 'green leaves, while tbe walls of the engine room are similarly decorated. Christmas mottoes are hung here and there, and the whole of the adornments have a most pleasing effect. Chinese lanterns of brilliant colours \- are suspended from the ceiling, and they serve to add a brilliancy to all. The beautiful gear of the brigade is, as usual, looking as bright as possible. 