WAS IT A QHOST THEY SA Wt Mrs. H. H. JESNIKOS lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but ill good order. Oue night early in December (1801) the two women locked all the doors and went to tiie theatre, leaving not a foul in the house. Tliey left (he gas burning, however, In the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered tlio house laughing and talking, liut as they went into the par lour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Kightin themiddleof thetoomstooda dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of bis face «u concealed by n mask, bis eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves weic rolled up, and In ono band ho carried a long old-fashioned pistol. The women fled soreaming from the room, and when J Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill liealtb," wiites an Ainericau friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about tiro o'clock, I was suddenly .roused from a doze by what ittmtd like, the calling of my name ; and at (he foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just us she looked five yean before, as she was learlag home to go on . journey, ou which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough (o tell of it, and (he local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in pnrfeot health now. I be lieve that vision came of my weak nerves, for [ I've never seen it stnee, and it's more thsn three years ago now," No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the trloks the nerves will plav off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1880, it was that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokeidown, Hants, wrote as as followsI WAS SO DREADFULLY NBRVOUS I could not bear anyone ia the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This waa in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt Uttle the better for having gone to bed. Then was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was iry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. Mr MKMOBV completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my Mends agreed that I wonla never get better. ! " I had given up all hope, when one day | Mrs. (Vest, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I waa taking. She told me sho was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to bave so much faith In this medi | cine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I 'went downstairs. Mow I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all m/net'voufcness has left me." The malady Mts. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by acci dent, and the system rallied ouly when the Syrup had given uew vigour to the digestion and thus, fed and toued the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most nncanny visions aud sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion nncl dyspepsia, (.hosts ooine from the inside of the person who see* them, and , when Mother Selgel's S.vrup doe* its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. "KBATIKU'H POWIIKB" destroys Buas, FLKAH, MOTHS, SIRTLIS, and all oti.er insect*, whilst quite harmless to domestic animals. In exter minating Beetles the success of this powder is extnordinanr. It is perfectly clean iu applica tion. Boo the article you purchase is " Kkat MO's,"asimitationsare noxious aud ineffectual. Sold in Tins, 6d, Is, and 2s Gd each, by all ohemlsts. BAD BLOOD.-Tho Editor of the Family Doctor says" We have Men hosts of letter* In which the writers acknowledge the benefit they have received from Clarke's wonderful Blood Mixture, which asacurutiteagcntaannot bo too highly estimated, since it clean ws and clears the blood from all impurities. If tlu>. blood is diseased the body is diseased. Clarke's Blood Mixture ii a mciiicine of the greatest possible value, and it is certainly the finest blood purifier that eciencc and skill have -brought to light. We can with tho utm 'st ooofiaence recommend it to our subscribers and the pubUcgcnerally."-Tho Family Doctor, 16th July, 1802. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Ecsema, (jkin and Blood Diseases, and Sores of all kinds, it is a never-failing and permanent Cure. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the CAOSK from the blood and bones. Of Chemists, Sec., every where, at 2s flj and lis per boUle. Thousands of testimonials from all parts. KLOBILINC !-FOR TKETO A«DBBEATR.-Alew drops of the liquid " Fiorilino" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush nrodiices a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, liarJeas the guns, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peouliar pearly whiteness, auu a delightful fragrance to the breath It removes all unpleasant odour arising from de ' cayed teeth or tobnoao smoke. " The Fragrant Florillnp," being composed in parts of Honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the I greatest toilet disoovery of the age. Prloc 2s Gd of alt Chemists and Perfumers. iVJiolesato depAt 33, Farringdon Boad, Loudon, England. FAHMKBH wishing to send samples of corn or wheat to Brisbane cud obtain a sample bag free of charge by applying to the A rut office. 