'How Shall we Decide this Question' Abie which is the worse — to have no appetite for your dinner, or to /tare no dinner far your appetite? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When 'good di gestion waits on appetite and health on both,' that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meal. But moet of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that within reasonable limits it is better to havo an appetite without a dinner, because, short of tho starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel Hk» eating, stands in need of ' alterations and repairs.' To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, ' I was afraid to eat.' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on P If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says. 'In the year 1869 I changed my work from Railway porter to signalmen. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, bo to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouh tasted bad, so that or dinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it iu that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thiLg was liko another, and noue was good. My tongue was coated aud furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive, and my appetite poor, with pains thioujih the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I ate anything. Then I wan greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like » ball iu my throat, and act as if it would choke me.' _ IVe cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals, lie adds that there was what he calls u pricking Benoatiou at his heart, as titttlitTh it. nv-m nrinlfA/i trifh anma aha—n instrument. Then, again, at times ho was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was do severe that the sweat rolled off him. 'I dreaded,' he says, 'the thought of eating, and many a scauty meal have 1 made, for I was afraid to eat. ' After a tiiue I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miseiublo, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lobe a good deal of sleep.' Wbat ho means by tho fear of ' something going to happen' is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, bis own death, or the death of homebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his uuntrung uervee, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourish - went. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghostN aud goblius, the creatures of a restless and ungoverued ima gination. 'With great difficulty,' he epys, 'I stuck to my work, fur I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but wLut I buffered for over two yea ss past my powers of de.scriptiou. lam suit mo one has suffered so much as I hare done.' Iu the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than cne's notion of liis neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all tho while going through the same wretched experience, ruly we don't happen to come in touch with them. We)!, the writer finally mentions lhat, after all medical treatment had left him where in found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like Itis own having been cured l'y Mother Seigel's byrup. ' Sly wife, he khvs, ' iiot me a buttle at Sir. Lang.-Uff's, iu Woodlocford, aud after using its contents the ailment left me uud has never returned since that fortunate day. 1 should like the wliulo world to know n hat it djue for me. I have been emp'oyed by tho Midland Rail way Company for eleven years. (Signed) 'Geoege Hurt, ' Car Bottom Road, ' Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, iu order that jiurt of the world at lca-t may know hew thankful he is aud for whut e.ison. 