A Lucky Catch. When Mrc. Spellert left Tripley Hall, on the death of old Sqnire Hervey — where .she. had been housekeeper .-some years before the following events took place — Bbe retired to s small ivy-covered cottage at the end of the little village of Tripley, nearest to .the Hall, which cottsghejlohgpd tp the Squire,. .as. did, in fact, hill': tiie village. As she was tilowed to live rent free, the Sqnire also gave permission to Mrs. Spellert to eke but her income by taking in As lodgers any respectable persons who came into tbe neighbonrhboid .for fishing on the lake, At the present time she had one lodger, who had, as ho affirm, coma for the benefit of his health ; and better still for her — as she waB imparting to a neighbour who had dropped in for a cup nf !lPr IniDAP hurl naiii a mnntli in advance — and snch a pleasant gentleman too. The pity was, however, that he was deformed, he being a hnncbbick. 'Ay, poor man,' returned Mrs. Miller, it is a pity ; bnt do you think he will stay any longer than the month !' ' Well,' returned Mra Spellert, ' he says if the place snits him he will, as he gets plenty of sport in bis fishing.' Their conversation waa cat short by the entry of the gentleman in question, who, on seeing Mra Spellert and her visitor rise, begged of them not to dis turb themselves, and inquired of the landlady what time the mail left the village. ' Six o'clock, sir,' was the answer. 'Thank you. That will do nicely,' said Mr. Besley, for snch was" his name ; and passing through the kitchen, he limped up-staira to his bedroom, he being lame, in addition to his deformity. On arriving there, he qnickly locked the door, drew the blind partially do wo, took off his smoke-colpured spectacles, which was nothing'-extfaorainary, -then took off his coat, and with it his hump, which was extraordinary:- -He then removed his grey beard, Which was aleo false; his limp, too, had ' disappeared : and he stood a complete metamorphosis from a man apparently, about sixty/yeara of Age to one really about thirty. ' Phew !' he muttered ; ' these things swelter a fellow to death. Ooe good job will be l shallsoonbave done with them. Bnt now to business. What's about the timet Ha 4 five o clock — jnst nice time to write to Jim:hefore tbe old lauy gel uiy mm ceauy. , What he writes will -give ns some in sight into Mr. Thomas Besley's character, and the reason of his visit to this ont- of-the-way village of Tripley. Sept. 28, 18 — . Dear J im-— All's serene, .and every thing has worked finely solar. Tbe old lady X am staying with was housekeeper at the Hall, and so I have pnmped her well As' to the lay of the premises, the back part, of. which is only separated from this cottageby atbick fir plantation. So I paid a visit there last midnight, dropping . quietly ont of my room window when all was qniet ; so, what with my landlady's garrnloosness and my own natural inquisitiveiiess, I think I knowthe bearingsof the place. - We will commence operations at the bafck of the'Hall, where I have made every thing .right: As we heard, there will be a large'gathering of relatives -and'frienda, on'a visit, to celebrate the - son's tenth birthday on Saturday, when there . will be a grand display of. fireworks, which will be riven well to the front of the Hall, for Safety,- from abonfc half-past eight to ten, whichmust be our time to sail in. . Mare and trap as usual. Tell Tom to make, for Tripley, -trnfl be in the Ddwnteigh lane not later -than half-past nine. Ton must meet me on the old bridge at seven. : More when I see yon, "as the post goes out so confoundedly early. Hope yonrarm Is better and -'fit for work. — Touts, " Tom. The letter was sealed carefully ; and then dpteanghiinself forpresentation to. the outer : ; Wqrid, ;;)ie' Went'Mown-atans teduiWjilienlihf ptotoffice T3ieheriifiay>hpn$BMng ;and in doe- Coarse ton: Friday morning he received an answer to bis ietter. It was very am; trill be on j#|»pt. Upfortun- Mr. Beelcy as he was navin tus .tea on Saturday kindly -informed Mrs. Spellert.' that he ebonld go and fish for ao hour or so -that evening; she need not, therefote, stay io on his account, bnt go to the fireworks with other- people. He wonld get home when they Were over.'.. Mrs. Spellert was only too pleased, as everybody in the village in tended going to eee the display. Mr. Besley took bis way toward the river about six o'clock with rod and. creel ; bnt when he got to the river-side he dropped these articles into, a ditch hard by and;-proceeded to bra-appoint ment. Coming to the bridge where the road crossed the river, hii eiw aclerical- looking man standing there, who, on seeing Mr. Besley, came down the steps at the side to meet bim. He carried a dark leather bag, - and waa evidently ohrtnf. fiTi-tr varan riM ' Is all right, Jim f ' Right as the mail, Tom.' ' And now, my lad, I'll put yon right as to the ius and oats of this job,' said MrBesley. 'As I told you, the house must be cracked from the back. Tbe Hall bas been built at two different times, the backpartas it now is baring formerly been tbe old Hall. Bnt when the present Sqnire .married :he made an addition to tbe front of tbe old mansion, thCn he cnt a new -read rnnnd the front of tiie new -part. The old road is really, therefore, closed and very gloomy.' Couldn't be better for us,' interposed Jim. ' Moreover, I find,', continued Mr. Besley, -that when the old men died in t heboid part,- the . servants got it into their heads tbatthe rooms were haunted ; consequently they are not used except for.luinber.. So my. plan -is this: all the village and the servants will be ,at the front of the Hall ; eo we will get into the plantation at the back, and as soon as the first rocket goes np, in we go, and in five minutes on the spoil.' ' Any dogs ?' queried Jim. ' Not at the back, anyway.. Too see, the old bonae was enclosed by a wall, which is still left, and the enclosure used as a kitchen garden, quite retired, from the front Now, we had better be moving over yonder.' \- Tbe pair walked slowly on nntil they came to tbe road from which thev were to commence operations, and were soon at the back of the Hall, and among the trees ont of sight. ' What sort of lock is the outside V asked Jim. 'Only "an old-fashioned one,' said Tom ; 'and the house door is no better.' The bag was now opened, and each man slipped on a pair of rubber shoes. \- . The time was drawing on ; so Tom mdved across the road, .and cautiously bat quickly, under the shelter of the overhanging ivy, turned a skeleton key in tbe lock. Jim was soon at his side ; and after listening a moment, both went inside the door, which they then fastened by a piece of hoard. Door opens quietly enongh,' whis pered Jim. 'I took the liberty to oil them all tbe night I visited here,' was the ready answer. me nouse aoor was next tnea, ana soon unlocked. ' Ha !' said Tom, ' there goes half-past | eight, and true to time, np goes the first rocket.' As he spoke, it wbizzed skywards. Before the stick could have fallen, they were inside tbe old Hall ; and as it was , a dark autumnal eveoiog, they lit their | bull's-eyes, disclosing tbe Hall and the | stairs. I ' So far, so good, Jim, lad. Now up we go.' . Up they went without tbe least sound ; . and were soon at the top of the landing. I Here they tamed throngh another door t into what had evidently been the old | Squire's bedroom. This room they now lqft by another door, which opened into a long-passage, -at the end -of which was the dividing door between the old and new parts. ' Now for it.' whispered Tom. 'This is a snip !' (a locked door with the key left In on the opposite side). An instrument like a fine pair of ladieB' grooved.. curling-irons was pro duced, which he inserted into the key hole, and.grippiog the end of the key firmly, he quietly turned it ronnd and unlocked the door,- Had any one on. the other side -seen the -key tarn, eo mysteriously, he might have imagined that of a truth the ghost -was about to pay a viBit. In Isbs than ten minntes from the time they opened the outer door, they stood in. the new part of the bonse. Pro ducing another bag from the interior of the one carried, they proceeded along the passage towards the front of the Hall," and took a room to tbe right for a commencement, ' which was evidently a ladies' room. They had scarcely entered, however, before the sound of a quick footstep was heard ascending the. stairs, Jim suppressed an oath, his com panion motioning -in dumb show, both dropped behind a cbeval -glass which stood . handy. Whoever was coming was arrested on tbe stairs by some one calling": - -' Mary, bring. Lady Trevor's wrap also, and . be qnick, or you will miss -the next"piece.' ' ' Bother Lady Trevor !' ejaculated Mary, and in another instant she was in the room, came close, to the cheval glass and tmiriedly snatched up what .she wanted from a lounge in front, and rah down-stairs again. ' Only a minute's delay,' growled Jim ; ' but :it perhaps means losing A ten-pound DOti' . - - : They lost no farther time, however, for aoyrvatuables that lay ''handy were swbpt into thrir capacious bags. Thus they proceeded through the different (uuuio iTiuu gtwv - |iruviug - MICJ werenot norices. If A, "drawer proved, awkward, a iittie ; persuasion with a small jemmy boon "gained ao entry, tbe outmdeuDltedrowmng theirs. 5-TMs will beabout-the last room we can - venture, . Tom,' eaid Jiie partner. ' What's thetime F Jnst aqnartw past nine. I think, we irad -Letter pake amove.' Looking throngh a. corner of the window, they,perpeived there were four snore pieces to fot off in addition to the piece of the evening.! V. ' JMAny happyj retqmB of the day. Jles, my hoy, h&y; wonlt wish as many ; happy retraiiB,vtlfcir they fibd our little gameont.'- r- " . Nqt exactiy,' citid Jim with a grin. j3Qjfe'both jilipjMd out ;<,d£ room, , when Tom;Atoppelj.v: Jim, from the; lostcs M theliiBWoiks tbey-' frave ; to let' ofiBiqy -wiH A'odd frtmr -yet: Are' you with me to rip down, the back stairs, jnst for a venture of ten minntes, and getting a bit of piste from the butler's pantry f I think I can epot it directly.' ' In for a penny, in for a pound,' re plied Jim. 'Down we go.' So, leaving tbe one bag in a recess, they -slipped quickly down-stairs, and guided by Tom, . who bad been enlightened by innocent Mrs. . Spellert, soon were packing a goodly quantity of tbe silver into the bag. Tbey were just thinking of returning, when in the midst of their success they were seem ingly to be thwarted, fur they heard tbe onter door open and close, then some one came along the Hall directly for where tbey were. Jim put hie month to the other's ear : ' Lay hold quick, if he comes in firawA 1' ' He ' — for it was Mr. Parker the fat apoplectic old butler — did come in, and to hie astonishment be thought the door fell npon him, and he knew no more for the time being. ' We shall be nabbed yet ; ont with yon P ejaculated Tom, who, notwith standing he had faced danger many times, felt his lege tremble a little. Jnst then the Hall clock went tbe quarter to ten. The ton stair was readied- the fii-et. bag taken from its recess, and in another minute they were once more in the Sqnire's room with a bolt slipped behind tbem. Here tbe old proverb was exemplified, ' Much will have more,' by Jim noticing tbe Squire's old- fashioned silver watch and seals, which were twisted ronnd a nail with a black ribbon near tbe bed. Jim thongbt be would have them, but could not very easily detach tbem from the nail. ' Don't be a fool,' said Tom ; ' we shall both be lagged.' But Jim was stubborn, and after a minute's delay, snatched ribbon and nail together, and dropped it amongst the other valuables in the top of his bag, saying as he did so ' that it wonld weigh with the rest.' Tom fumed into an oath, and at that they proceeded down-stairs, then outside, and stood once more in the lane. ' How far is it,' inquired Jim, ' to the other bridge ?' ' A mile and a half anite. so best lev foremost,' replied Tom. They had proceeded about half the distance, when suddenly tbe Hall bell pealed ont with a clang, clang through the still nigbt- air. 'There goes tbe signal,' said Jim. ' They must have found out our game, and my arm feels as if it bad started to bleed again. It mast be tbe weight. I am ready to drop tbe bag. What's to be done 4' Tom ground his teeth in vexation at this, and answering, said : 'The police, and every one else, now they have heard that bell, will be coming this way for a short-cut ; and these bags will create suspicion. The police station is not far from the bridge. We dare not tarn back. As it is, we are bound to meet a dozen perhaps, including polfco — T have it. We will sink tbo swag herein the river; the water's deep, and we will fetch it later on, when things are qnieter. Give uie some wire, quios. A ring of strong wire was quickly produced by Jim, then wound and twisted through the bandies of tbe bags ; both were tben dropped geutly into the water, the wire paid out notil they touched bottom. The other end was tben fastened round a willow stamp partially nnder tbe water. They sprang to their feet. ' Now, Jim, when we meet anyone,nnderstand there's a fire at the Hall — tbe stables will do.' ' Right,' said Jim ; and off tbey set at a good pace. They had left their spoil perhaps a hundred yards when the form of a policeman loomed np, and a labourer with him. He came np to tbem at a quick pace, and when he reached them, tbey conld 6ee he was a yonng beginner in the forcp. ' Is tbe sergeant at home, my man ?' said Tom, with an officious air, acting as spokesman, which caused the policeman to touch bis cap — ' as the Sqnire asked us to ran ronnd and tell him that tbe stables were on fire.' 'And I'm blest if I didn't think so, sir, as I was coming along my beat,' was | the policeman's reply. ' It's them fire works, I'll lay a crown.' And added he : I ' You'll meet the sergeant; perhaps you'll tell bim, sir ; I . mast be off.' And off he accordingly went with his companion at a run. Tbey met several farm-labourers, and passed then quickly on, with a laconic,, 'Stables oil fire!' They were soon- ou the bridge, and there met tbe police segqant, . face to face. Tom was even astute enough to seDd the serveaut after, his -man with the same tale. Breathing freer, tbey soon put tbe remaining distance between them, and reaching the lane, gave. the signal ; and in a few .minutes were in the trap and spinning away with Tripley far behind; and Jim almost in a faint with pain from a wound in bis arm, the result bf a previous midnight raid. Two days after these events, a long canal boat, similar to those seen any day passing along our inland canals, came slowly along the stretch of water by which Mr. Besley and his companion bad passed. Tbe boatman was taking his tarn at the helm, Ms . wife leading a sorry-looking -nag, which towed tbe boat. He was thinking to himself of the many good fish be had taken . from -this particular stretch of water, and wishing he had the time for a spinal that moment: Turning his helm sharply at a- slight bend, he heard a sudden swish,, and a splendid pike, which had been sunning itself, dashed nnder the pollards which lined the opposite bank, ACRViUg a " IUJO VI »VMU Wli M«. water. He tittered anexclamation of astonish ment and regret that he bad not . his , boat-hook handy, to have etrack it with. ' T wenty if it . wore an ounce,' he gaspedirij-forgetfal of bis helm, he turned, staring" in astonishment at. ithe spot they . were Alo wiy leaving, when be snddenly fotud himself running into ithe bank. ' I should liko a chance at j that joker,' thought he, as they went along; and to bis joy, when they arrived at the lockrhe found Jtirey' would have .to wait nntil the wharf manager came from his dinner, as hb- wanted; to . see him. r " Thatmeans a good hour,' Bald Sam the boatman, ' ? Ill try my lnck. / Sam. .quickly got .his -tnjand tackle and'Was -auon.nou the:spot.,,yAfter.jA frnitl «« ha f rhour, hfe hegaq wtmld istiwi rase'Theheggariijug to be hereabouts,' he grunted sb be put on a fresh bait ; wbeo, at the end of another, ten minutes, just as-he thought he heard a halloa, swish, down went his float, and whir- went the reel with tremendous velocity. Sam's legs trembled for the moment ; hut though excited a little, he knew how to handle his fisb. He spent a good half-hour giving him plenty of line, and winding bim in whenever he got a chance, groaning in vexation that be had no one to give bim a hand, with the gaff hook. Meanwhile, the wharf manager had grown impatient, and set ont after Sam. As soon, however, as be reached bim, he forgot to reprimaod, and entering into the spirit of tbe sporr, seized the gaff hook, and soon landed the fish. Rand Sum vmi'pA InMrvr tn rf»rafs»fi crinti — s j — — j -r — -r- a beauty. Look at bia month ; be'e given somebody some sport — there's half a-dozen hooks in it !' 1 Hallo, Mr. Wills, what have yon got there 4' some one said at the moment ; and looking np, the manager saw tbe Squtre. He was equally surprised at Sam's splendid catcb, and promptly offered him a sovereign for it, which waa accepted. Tbe Sqnire arraoged that Sam Bhouid take the fisb to tbe lock-keeper's, where he wonld send for it from the Hall. After Sam's departure,- the wharf manager inquired whether : any farther clue had been found as to the'bnrglary. 'None whatever,' answered the Squire, 1 beyond the fact that the two men who doubtless committed the robbery cime tbis way, got to the bridge here, deluded the police, who indentified one as a Mr. Besley ; and after tbat - disappeared, no donbt being disguised at the time.' The Squire now took bis way back to the Hall ; and when tbe pike arrived, ordered it to be packed in a hamper and forwarded to a noted firm in the City to be preserved and caBed. Two mornings later, the Squire sat at breakfast ; most of bis friends bad departed, not more chagrined than he at the loss of the valuables. After the more important letters, he carelessly opened tbe letter of acknowledgment from tbe firm of taxidermiets ; but instead of the formal letter, his attention was riveted by the following : October — , 18 — . Sir — Pike received safely, and shall be returned as soon as finished. You will be snrprieed to learo tbat on opening the'pike we fonnd an old-fashioned silver watch and seals with ribbon attached. On examining it, which from appearance had not been in tbe stomach very long, we fonnd yoar late father's name engraved inside. We have therefore forwarded it as we fonnd it, per same poet as tbis letter, trusting yon will receiveitsafely. — Yourobedient servants, Bell k Swift. .The package was opened, and the watch identified at ouce. 'Now, however did tbe pike get hold -cif " this !' was bis exclamation, aaam passed the letter to bis wife. She advised tbat Detective Vean, whom tney Knew at a ciever omcer, enoma ne at once telegraphed for. And the suggestion was acted upon. In a few hoars be arrived, and all the facts were laid before bim. It did not take bim long to arrive at a decision. ' It's as plain as a pikestaff what this precious pair have done. They most have had something to pat their plunder iu — that is a certainty ; bnt according to the sergeant and other evidence, the two had nothing of the kind when they were met. Then it remains thns —the alarm came too quickly for them ; tbey had no outlet but to keep straight on for tbe bridge ; therefore, they have planted their booty until a more con venient time. I propose, then, sir, seeing tbat the watch came from the river, to explore that first.' Having obtaioed tbe boat hook, he dropped it into the water, and walked slowly along, now and again catching it io a piece of river weed or a submerged willow twig. Thus tbey proceeded, and j with a few sncb false alarms, were rewarded at leogtb by the boat-hook catching the wire. Stooping dowo, and giving the hook to tbe Sqaire, be ex claimed, as be plunged his arm into the water : ' I think we have got something solid this time.' Looking around to see that no one was abont, he carefully drew up the wire until the bags were nearly at tbe surface ; then, with the Sqnire's assistance, the two bags.- were laid on the path, one being partially open. ' That explains how Mr. Pike got bold of the watch, sir,' langhed Detective Vean. Running the water from the bags, and taking one each, they went back to the Hall, the detective begging the Squire not to mention a word to any one that be had recovered tbe valuables, not even to his friends whose property had been stolen. ' Yon see, sir, it won't hart them to wait a little longer, as they will be sure -of them eveatually, though they don't know it ; and I ehall almost be sure to capture the thieves when they come for their booty. I will wait until dnsk, and then plant these bags again with a few brick ends inside them instead of valuables, and then set a watch.' Two days afterwards, the Squire was notified by the police tbat Mr. Besley and his associate Jim, who were disguised as farm-labourers, had the night before been taken in the act of putting the bags into their trap.. Detective Vean had done a good piece of work, and be was quite satisfied witb that and the Squire's present of a fifty- pound note. He was farther satisfied at cue wueu me pair recBivea sentences of twenty years each, they being old offenders. Tbe look of -astonishmenteach offender gave was a study, when the facta of the pike and watch were given in evidence ; and when they turned and left the dock, Jim's expression was: 'Well, I'm Mowed! A splendid job like that spoiled, and .ne lagged for twenty years all through a blessed pike !'- -Chambers MwedUmy. 