SA REPORTER'S: ADVENTURES..' - -o- f-fOW? ?A DESERVING YOUNE.G MAN WON Hi8S SETETHERT. f Three o'clock in the morning is an uncanny,. b hour the world over except. at police head- ; t, quaiters or in the office of a morning news-. p:gaper, and it was in thislatter place, at the a '_h?our.named,-- that four' or f-ive' reporters, a asw I*ea . .n.jip he bad two columns of space.. and ten col-d . -nmns of matter that ' must go in,' 'sat with: 1 their feet on the tablet and. their chairbacke knockipg th plasteringg off, talking over the a subject whicl} is just as new to day .as it was a when Adam doffed his- beaver and saki "o \- 'How d'y'do " to Eve.- Every fellow in i, the crowd was a bachelor, and eachl one was' informiing.the other in all serionsness that he a should marry. What for 7 inquired Claude _Brown of; d Frank Jones. 'Becaupse,' replied Frank, -' it's the only i proper way to live.' ' A nice husband a reporter would make,' .;t said Olaude in rebuttal,.;' coming in at 3,.f o'clock am. and leaving home:,as soon as he: t got his 12 o'clock breakfast. 'But his wife would always know where v he was, and if she didn't, she'd know where ever he was after an item and had to be back at the office on time,' remarked COharlie Smith. " ' Well,' put in.Claude, ' if you think it's s such a great snap, why don't you get. mar- s Tied' 5 Can't,' said Charlie, very positively. : "Why not;?P t: ' Thnnderation, man, how's a fellow to buy a wholelsteamboat when he hasn't ..money 'a enoughnto buy a splinter off a stage plank v How's a man to buy a house and lot when he can't buy a shovelfull of dirt f' b ' That's it,' interrupted Claudle; 'how's.a: F man to do anything if he doesn't do it I Whit'sthe matter with marrying a richI girl. gWl.Where the girl ' queried Charlie. I 'Plenty of them. Girls with money al ways need a disbursing agent;and they will. trust a husband when they won't trust an i elder in the church. Besides, what is the a good of her money if the girl has her heart I't set on a husband and can't get him 1' f Smith argued awhile against matrimony, and at half-past three started for home. He was thinking the conversation over and as \+ he-trud,,ec?-albngit:*-oacu'xl. ' to ýhiiiu'.that?a bachelor was only a knot on a log, but he was f a very lonesome knot. ' His way led him through the aristocratic portion of the city, and as he passed a fine" house, his reverie was disturbed by the peculiar click of a turning lock, and the matrimonial line of thought was knocked all awry by' the reportorial instinct, and he saw, instead of a blushing, blooming Mrs Smith, a burglar cracking.- millionaire's dining roomtand making off with his silver. He thought of the beautiful scoop he was going to have on the other fellows and slipping into the shadow, he waited and listened. Click went the lock again, as if£the burg lar was nervous and was more anxious to open the door than he was. to observe the. ordinary burglarious quiet. The reporter scrutinised the. door very closely and discovered that the robber was, not on the outside, but was evidently within, and was working hia way out, and he felt a' thud of excitement at the thought of being ableto capture his man with the boodle on his person. He slipped his revolver out of his pocket, trained it on the door, and. an instant after-. ward the door swung open and Charlie was ready. to cry ' throw up your hands,' when, instead of a burglar, a ghost came out. 'It cannot be a ghost,' he whispered in an assuring tonato himself, 'for ghosts do not' unlock doom. They just come right through them. But if it is not aghost, what in the. deuce is it ? He had not long to wait, for whoever or whatever it was, came out into the vestibule - and down the steps slowly,.as if uncertain oft its movements, and when about half way to the pasvement stopped. 'By garry,' said the reporter, ,'it is a. woman, and she's got on a'nightgown. I will have to see about-this,' and, with his I revolver ready in case of accident, he stepped out of the shadow and spoke to the ghostly walker. .. . -'I 'Good evening' he maid, nervously. ' No\ excuse me, I mean good morning. If:you're |" going to market, maybe you had better go. back and piit'on an' iilster' .o Ordinarily Charlie would have been more gallant, hut this. was any.thing hut an ord inary'affair, and he did not require news. paper instinct to tell hint so. The sheeted, figure' made no reply,r but' moved.again and came toward him. " *The cold chills chased each other down his.back, and:he looked fora.policeman, with tihe usual result. 'Stand back, he said, 'this pisto,_ ain't loaded, but it~might go off. But on it came, and Charlie found that his legs would ngt move, in spite of all he culd, do to make them. e One tep more and- he stood facetOf e with his strange discovery, and Charlie saw that it was not only a woman, but a young. and handsome one, and. he began to feel better. 'I begyour pardon,' he. said,. ' but. the night air is cool, and you appear. to be dressed isther lightly. Can I render you any assist. m iace. Is there anyone in the house that has frightened youl S• "Still- no answer, and Charlie, einboldened l]hI.h owh words, stepped.. to.: tbe.--youg wonian'; sid, and gently took her b ,tlye arm. - * She turned her face to him and then the mystery; was solved. ~ iAnother Amina,' he said., La Somnam bula off the: stage, with 'a; reporter' as ;first tenor and leading maln. Well; this i~ia go,! ' II have got to take her into ;the ihouse, anyliow that is plain,' he said to hipseif, andhe;gently -led-the willing, walkerback up 'The next minute. the beautiful- sleep walker was. no longer asleep, but wide: awake, and Charlie hi'd a very plump young woman iq his arms in a dead faint, and. he made a dash with .in burden: into the hall,. only to meet a healthy.young man in even less:dishabille. What's this. 'he shouted, making. a grab at.Oharlie's throat. .i' Shut the. door, you idiot,' gurgled Charlie dropping the girl on the floort and almost. putting his foot on her, after :th:e.anner_ of `sic semaper tyrannis.. What does this mean ? again shouted .the young mani, and the remainder of the family came tumbling .downstairs, none of thenifixi4 to6 see company. SLetL g of me and shut that door, and ..J will tell you,' w-eezed Oharlie. .You do not want to raise the neighborhood and, bring the. patrol waggon, do you? " Some of the other! members of the family. by this time had reseued the. reporter and shut the door, anid while the mother and the servants carried the unconscious girl up.. stairs,ýCharlii told ?theO fatheri: and -the son, how" b haid met the young lady. and. what. thetr6ouble was. Both men: knew him by. sight, and had, met him on'Oliange and elsewhli-e, .:and - it, was not difficult to explain 'the situation. Half qn,hour', later the reporter was, at home, in bed and dreaming sweet dreams of pietty girls and all sorts of romantic things. When he reached the office next day a note was waiting for him, and he was invited to 1 call that evening on the mother of the young, lady. He called, of course. He saw the mother, he saw the daughter, blushing and beautiful, and now if Charlie is a bachelor ;iauch longer there will be a 'breach of promise suit or some other dread ful calamity, for Charlie's mind is made up. 