THE COMMERCIAL BANK OF SYDNEY. An important meeting of oreditors of the Commercial Bank of Sydney was bold in Maryborough on Monday to consider the pro posed reconstruction schomo. Mr. H. Palmer oeonpied the ohair, and in his opening re marks said the great difficulty was with current accounts, and objection was taken against the distribution of tb assets in the new scheme in that tho amount paid to current deposit , holders was so small. In New South Wales they had guaranteed 50 per oent exolnsive of tbe banks. Mr. E. B. Coraer said thoy must first con sider the position of the bank, and there was no use passing resolutions that would' do no good to tbo oreditors. He then defended the attitude of the directors, and said that if they had gone into liquidation it would have taken far greater time to realise tho assets than by reconstruction. The scheme was to pay tho deposits in equal instalments of 5, 6, 7, and 8 years at 4! per cent, interest. Mr, Dawson asked what security was there that the banks would not do the same thing over again. He was in favor of going into liquidation, and if thoy did so ha'f of the directors would stand in tho prison dock. Tho scheme was one for robbing depositors. He would like to ask where tho money had gone to. Mr. B. Jones said the general feeling in the community was ono of confidence and he thought there would bono windiagup. The liabilities of shareholders was likely to be less by this soheme of reconstruction. The nominal value of the shares bad fallen, but would soon rise, and he did not think the shareholders had any right to the ghost of sympathy from tho depositors, as they had plotted out a scheme to proteot themselves. Thoy Bhould have more promptly met the ourrent aocount depositors. Tho fixed de positors did not require their money, as they had contracted for interest, but the current deposits got oo interest, and the sohemo was a great hardship for them. Therefore it was not unfair to give the preference to ourrent acoount depositors. Thoy were more liberal in New Sonth Wales, aad ho wondered if Queensland licoounts could bo transferred to the "head office and reoelvo the same ad- The Chairman considered tho soheme, dealt hardly with depositors. Ho was a trustee for a widow and children, and if only 10 per cent, was paid how woro they to live f There was a plantation in Bundaberg where £100 a month was paid in wages, and though tho monoy was in the bank they could not get it out to pay their way. There wore many cases of this sort, and thoy ought to be able to draw against thoir oreditors. If this were not done, it wonld throw many out of work Mr. J. M'Taggart thought overdrafts would be allowed, aud Mr. Walker Jbolieved the bank felt for their misfortunes ond would look _ after the interests of; tho depositors. Liquidation meant embarrassment for every- body and no interest. Ho had been bank manager for 28 years, during whioh time only throo writs had boon issued by tho bank. The highest overdraft was .£87.000. and in 12,000 overdrafts tbe average was only £1000. The amonnt of ourrent acoounts was almost half a million. Mr. Coraer pro posed a motion that tho Bank might offer much more liberal torma with regard to current accounts. Mr. Babaa proposed an amendment plaoing the " Queensland and w r" depositors on tho same footing. Ho contended better terms should bo got from tho bank. Ho thought tho bank elosod with ill graoo. The bank closed the day after lie put his money in. Mr. Greoa thought there was nothing in tho scheme to prevent tho shareholders paying as big dividends aa beforo. Thoy ehonld not reooive more than tbo depositors did. In tho case of flred deposits though urgentlv wanted the money was to bo looked up for years and they were to rcceivo nothing for tho next five years. The scheme fnvo e the shareholders but tlie depositors should bo treated more liberally, and they ehonld insist on hotter terms. HUOnia Mr. Greon then moved— from tho bank, aibu 1?avttn011 mto of Intorost not dxKb? i11 '£ofl,,k ttl,ow» ttt» exeooa tho rate of tatSro'st pwbl'o m orefc.3" n0 4\. That creditors In roipout of ourront ftooounts rocolvo nt leant 25 por cont, or nn tntioh nn tlio bnnk H funds will nllow Immediately on tho ndoptlon of tho sohoino. Alno thai fixed depositors liogln to reaoivo repayments within two yonrs Instood of Avo as pro- Mr. J. Mnitlnnd seconded. Mr. Corser spoke against tho aniendmonfc and said tho bank could not carry it out. The bank had always liron well raaonged, to which remark Mr. Dawson said tho closing of the bank was a proof. The general opinion was that the sohemo was not fair to ourrent depositors. Mr. Bsbaa withdrew his amendment, and Mr, Green's nmondmont was carried. A resolution was enrried that the chairman represent tho oreditors at tho meeting in Brisbane on tho 12l.h iost. Mr. Corsor said ho would send lus proxy elsewhere as he objected to tho resolution passed. The Chairman thought there was too litLlo in tho resolutions about ourrent depositors, especially that deposits of £60 and under bo paid nt once, and fixed depositors in six or twelve months. Mr. Conor's motion, he thought, was too weak and watery; Thoy did not want to beg, but to demand. It was then proposed and onrried unanim ously, " that all depositors to tlio amount of £50 and under bo paid In full if required. This closed tho proceedings. — Abridged from the Ncivs, 