Humoun . If there were ho offices there Wculd-be co politics: '. __ _ A husband at home is worth two in a saloon. Ohampacne ia ah ' dngasine beverage, the oorka pep so pleasantly. : We ask for justice,' and what do we get|? Just ioe I ; Self-conceit always pnffs us up so that our byes go shut. It sometimes; takes an entire lifetime to pay for one folly. All the world wotald be good if it did not cost top inueh fronble. - ! What is the name of the pqople who oome after naP Mr. Hardnp (without pausing in his reading)— Collectors. , Passenger— I say, , cbndnotor, there's an old gentleman fallen off the 'bns.' Oonduo- tor—' That's all right, he's paid his fare.' ; He—' Now, I admit that I am no angel ' — She—' No ? So that was hot what papa meant when he said yon were something of a high-flyer.' ; The man who went on the police force to oure insbmnia shbold join tlie medical frater nity to avert the cholera. . The Groom ( very wealthy) — Why did you marry an ordinary chap like me F The Bride— I haven't the slightest idea ; mamma managed the whole affafr. A Yacation in Town — Attalie— 'Did Ohollie Bohrman enjoy hie vaoation at the BeasideP' Amelie— ' I don't know, bat his friends in town did.' ' A ir.it... a. JO. MOM wauBiu— uiiflmoc— ou you WISQ my daugh ter f or your wife ? . He (gallantly) —Partly that, .madam, and partly that yon may be iby mother-in- law. ; ; Hojaok— Skidmore is a vary valuable man. ; Tomdik-In what way ? Hojaok— His j teeth are filled with gold, and his system is \ permeatedwithbiohloride. 1 IFugene (passionately). 'Oh,, my be loved ! For thee I am prepared to sacrifice everything— honor, - titles, fortune, fortune —.'Sweet Seventeen ;(in utter dismay): y Then what will there he left for me ?': (Penelope—1 Pshaw ! Bef hasn't any brains/ Beiffita (angrily)—' Perhaps you don't know that he ia going to ' marry me ?' Penelope—. Oh", yds'; that's about all I know about him, in faot.' Mainina-'Dldn'ti I tell' you not' to take any' more preserves ont of the oloset P' John ny—' Yes'm.' Mamma— If you wanted sonie . why didn't you ask me for some ? Johhiiy— i 'Because I wanted some.' j A Happy Outlook— Newly Made Bride- Mamma' says she does not think we will ever quarrel as she and papa do. ' Groom— Never,' dearest. Newly, Made Bride— No ; she sajfB you will be mudh easier to manage than papa was.-Haty«r'« Batdr. : Advioe on the subject , of ghost-seeing I irivim TIT A li av4? ATI nnonf 4-r A «Anniy friend. .'My dear boy, if a ghost oomes in at tiie door, take: a , pistol ; if he comes up through the floor, , take a pill.' ' Fat the right kind of- a good man in any. tymmunity/and he wili Boen make every mean zhan among his neighbors- -feet-'aS" framed ofyhimself ; ; r ; .Ns/ijix— What is it the sign, of to have, the' family' oat howl outside at night? Dix — Of al'death ih the " family---if a" man is a godd shot.—Franh Zoslie's Weekly. j ' What do; y6u mean by thrashing your : tmywithoutprbvooation?' 'Well,; you see, :& busy- 'man like me (must discipline his ' children -when ha hannans to have time.'— Fliegende Blatter. " ' 