ALL ALONG THE RIVER. by- MISS M. E. BRADftON. CHAPTER IX. (Continued). A man who is very fond of home, and who has no professional cares and occupations, is apt to degenerate into a domestic busy-body. Martin llisney gave his first sign of this in clination on the day before the dinner at Glenaveril. 44 What are you two girls going to wear . he asked. 44 At least 1" don't think I need ask Iaola that question. You'll wear y(nU Wedding gown, of course, love?" ho added, turning to his wife. 44 No, Alartin, I am going to wear my grey silk." 44 Grey ! A dowagers color, a soured spins ter's color— a Quaker's no color. I detest srey." 44 Oh, but this is a very prefc;y gown— the palest shade of pearl color— and I wear pink roses with it. It was made in Paris. I 'eol sure you will like mo in it, Alartin, Isoiu said hurriedly, us if even this small matter fluttered her nerves. 44 Not as well as I like you in your wedding gown ! That was made in Paris, and it fitted you like a glove. I never saw such a pretty gown — so simple, yet so elegant." 44 1 have been married much too long to dress as a bride." 44 You shall not seem as a bride— except to tnc s for my eye3 only ifliall yon shine m bridal loveliness. Bndo or no bride, what can be prettier for a young woman than a white satin gown with a long train. xou can wear colored flowers to show you have not got yourself up as a bride. What do you say, AUegra? Uivo us your opinion— oi course, you are an authority upon dress." 44 Ob, the white satin, by all means. Isola looks ethereal in white. She ought hardly ever to wear anything else." " Yon hear, Isa. I wo to one against you. 'Tin sorry I can't ho governed by your opinion in this instance. You forget that I hi. ? \v-">rr> n»y gown at a ball. I danced a good ui ill -i ne floor was dirty — the gown was spoilt. 1 shall never wear it again. I -hope that will satisfy you, Alartin." She spoke with a touch of temper, her cheeks flushed crimson, and her eyes filled with sudden tears as she looked depreeat- at her husband. Alartin Disney felt himself a brute. 44 Aly dearest, I didn't mean to lease you, ho said, 44 wear anything you like. You are sure to be the prettiest woman in the room. I am sorry the gown was spoilt ; but it can't be helped. I'll buy you another white satin gown the first time you ajul I are in Ply mouth togethor. And pray, Miss Allcgra, what bravery will you sport?" 44 1 have only a white lace frock that has seen some service," replied his sister meekly. 44 1. daresay I shall loon like somebody's poor relation at such a place us Glenaveril." 44 Oh, it's not lo be a grand party, by any means," said lsola. 44 Mrs. Crowther told me she had asked the Baynhams and the Vicar age people to meet us, just in a friendly way." The party was decidedly small, for on ar riving with reasonable punctuality the Dis- neys found only one guest on the scene, in the person of Air. Colfox, the curate, who was 'sitting by one of the little artistic tables showing a new puzzle of two pieces of interlinked iron to the two Misses Orowther. These voung ladies were so intensely in terested in the trick of disentanglement that they scarcely noticed the entrance of their mother's guests, and only rose and eanie ovcv to greet the party tli roc minutes later? as an afterthought. Air. and Airs. Crowther, however, were both upon the alert to receive their friends, the lady frankly cordial, without tho slightest afl'cclation or soli-consciousness ; the gentleman swelling with pompous friend liness, as if his manly breast- wore trying to emerge from the moderate restrict ion of a very open heart-shaped waistcoat. He pro tested that he was charmed to welcome Colonel Disney to Glenaveril, and lie glanced round the splendid walls us who should say, 44 It is no light thing to give you the entree to such a house as this." Vansittart Crowther was a man of short, squat figure, who tried to make up fo tho want of'inches by extreme uprightness, and had cultivated this carriage until he seemed iucapablo'of bending. He had a bald head, disguised by one dappled streak of grey ami sandy hair, which was plastered into a curl 'on each 'Ride of his brow— curls faintly sug gestive of a cat's ears. Ho had blunt, com mon-place features, a sensual lip, and dull, fishy eyes, large and protuberant, with an expression in perfect harmony with tho heavy, sensual mouth. Mr. and Airs. Buynlmrn were the next arrivals; the lady wearing the family amethysts and tho historical black velvet familiar in West Cornwall, under whoso weighty splendour she arrived short of breath ; the gentleman expansive of shirt front, and genial of aspect, jovial at the pros pect of a good dinner and choice wines, and not hypercritical as to the company in which he ate the least. He shook hands with his host and hostess, and then went over to the Aliases Crowther, who had not- thought it necessary to suspend their absorbing occupa tion in order to welcome the village doctor's wife — a fact, which Airs. Baynham observed and inwardly resented. Air. Colfox deserted the young ladies, still puzzling over the two bits of iron, and went across tho room to greet tho Disneys. He was nil intelligent young man, steeped to the lips in the opinions and the prejudi6cs of university life— Oxford life, that is to "say. He ranked as a literary man in Trelasco, on the strength ol having hau an article almost published in "Blackwood." 44 Tho editor had accepted my paper j" he told people modestly, 44 but on further consideration ho found it was a little too long, and so, in point of fact, ho sent it back to me in the most courteous manner. Ho couldn't have actod more kindly — but I was disappointed. It would have ueeu such an opening, you see." All Mr, Colfox's friends agreed that with such an opening the broad high road to literary fame and fortune Would have been made smooth for his feet. They respected him even for this disappointment. To have been accepted by 44 Blackwood" mado him al most a colleague of George Eliot. Ho was a tall and rather lean young man, who wore an eye-glass, and seemed to live upon books. It was irritating to Vansittart Crowther, who prided 'himself on his cellar and his cook, to note how little impression food and drink made upon Francis Colfox. 44 He takes my Chateau d'Yquem as if it wero Devonshire eider," said the aggrieved, parvenu, 44und ho hardly seems to know that tliis ift the only house whoro lie ever sees clear turtle. The man's people must have lived in a very poor way." In spite of this contemptuous opinion, Air. Crowther was always polite to Francis Colfox, and had even thought of him as a pis-aller for one of his daughters. Thoro is hardly anything in this life which a self- made man respects so much as race, and Francis Colfox belonged to an old county family, had a cousin who \vas an carl, and another cousin who was talked of as a probable bishop. He was, therefore, allowed ,to make himself very much at home at Glenaveril, and to speak his mind in a some what audacious way to tho wbolo family. Captain Rciitreath, an army man of un certain n go, a bachelor, and one of a terri torial family of many brothers, camonext; and then appeared the Vicar and his wife Ujijd one daughter, who made up the party. The Vicar was deaf, but amiable, and beamed benevolently upon a world about whose spoken opinions he knew so little that he might naturally have taken jt for a much better world than it is. The Vicar's wife spont her existence in interpreting and explaining people!! speech to tho Vicar, nud hud littlo time to think of anything else. The daughter was characterised by a gentlo nullity, tem pered by a somewliafc'onthusiastie and evan gelical piety. Tho chief desire of her life was to keep the Church as it had been in the days of her childhood, nearly '30 years before. . It was the first timo tho Disneys had diped together at Glenaveril, so it seemed only proper that Air. Crowther should give his arm to Iaola, wl|ich he did with an air of conferring an houor. Tho colonel had been ordered to take tho Vicar's wife, and tho doctor was given to Allcgra ; Captain Pen- troath tdtik Aliss Trequito, the Vicar's daughter > Air. Colfox followed with Airs. Bayiihum,'awl tjie daughters of the houso went modestly to the diiiingroom after the Vicar and Mrs. Crowther. The dinner table was as pretty as roses and Venetian glass could make it. There was no pompous display of pouclorous plate, as there might have been 30 years ago on a .parvenu's board. Everybody is enlightened nowadays. The great 44 culture" movement has been as widespread ns compulsory education, and everybody has a taste. Scarcely wero thoy seated when Mr. Crowther informed Airs. Disney that ho hated a display of silver, and at the same time he took care to let her know that tiio Venetian glass was rather more valuable than "thlit precious inetiil. 44 And if it's broken there's nothing loft you for your out lay," ho said. 44 but it's a fancy of my wife and girls. Thoso decanters uru hotter than, anything Sulviati over made for Royalty." The table was oval, lighted by one largo lamp under an umbrella- shaped amber shade, a shade which difl'uscd a faint golden plow through tho dusky room, amidst which lmxy atmosphere tho footmen moved like ghosts, while tin? table and tho faces of tho diners shone and sparkled in the brilliant light. It was us picturesque a diningrooin and table as one need earn to sec ; and if the Gainsborough and Reynolds-es, which here and there relieved tho sombre russet of the Cordovan leather hangings, were not tho portraits of Air. mid Airs. Urowl-lier's ances- tors. thoy wero not tho leas interesting a! works of art; Isola sat by her boat s side, with a some what embarrassed air, which her husband noted as be watched her from the other siuo of the table. , . , All tho decorations were low, so that no pyramid of fruit or flowers intervened to prevent a man watching tho face opposite to him. Disney saw that while AUegra, in her place between Mr. Baynliain and Alicia Crowther, was full ot talk and animation. Isola sat witli downcast oyes, aud replied with a troubled look to her host's remarks. There was something iu that gentleman s manner which was particularly obnoxious to the Colonel, a protecting air, a fatherly fami liarity, which brought the bald, shining lore- head almost in contact with Lola's soft brown hair, N . . As the man bent to whisper ami to til tcr iu the very ear of his neighbor, the Colonel got through a little duty lulk with Airs. Treqiiite, whoso attention was frequently distracted by the necessity of explaining Airs. Crowtliers polile murmurs to the Vicar on the other side of the table, aud, this dut y done, he give himself up to watching Isola and her host. Why did she blush so when the mini talked to her? Was it the admiring leer in those fishy eves winch annoyed her, or the man's manner altogether, or was it anything that lie >:ai«l V Disney strained his ears to liear the conversation, if that could be called conversation which was for the most part monologue. The man was talking of t he limit, ball of last winter. Disney heard such snatches of speech as 44 the prettiest; woman in the room," 14 everybody said so," 44 Los'.witbiel was evidently Mr. Crowther hail a pcnchcuil for scraps of French, whiah deco rated his speech as truilles adorn a boned turkey. , , , , 44 Isn't it odd that he should be such a rover asked Air. Crowther, in ft less confi dential tone than before. Isola looked up at liim as if hardly under standing the quest ion. 44 1 mean Losiwithii-l. With such a nice place as he has hero, it seeina-'U .pity u» be broiling himself in J'eru. I -never could nndcraiand tho taste for orchids ; and in bis case— well, T hardly believe in it. He is the last- man to emulate u. Hooker or a Lawrence. Orchid-hunting must be an excuse for keep ing away from England, .! take it. Don't you think so, now, Airs. Disney?" 44 1 really don't know." 44 You don't know why ho should want to keep away ? No, no more does anybody else. Only we "all wonder, don't you know. Ho talked I o mo of oottling down in the count y — looking after the estate a little. Ho even hinted that he might, iu due course, past about for a nice young wife— with u little money. And then nil of a sudden oil he sails in that rakish yaolit of his, and roves from port to port like tho Flying Dutchman in the opera, till at last wo hear of him on '.ho coast, of Reru. Curious, ain't it, Airs. l)ia- ney ?' 44 Why curious?" asked Isola, coldly. 44 Was liot Lord Lostwithiol always fond of yachting?" 44 No doubt; but when a man talks of settling down in bis native place— uml then doesn't do it— there must be a reason, mustiT there ?" 44 1 don't know. People act as often from caprice as from reason." Ah, that is a lady's idea. I'To man who is worthy the name over acts from caprice," said Mr.' Crowther, with his insinuating air, as if some hidden meaning wore in tho words, and then looking across the table and seeing the Colonel's waiehful face, he altered both tone and manner as he added, 44 Of course you know Loytwithiel, Colonel Disney?" 44 I saw a good deal of Lord Lnsbwithiel when lie was a small boy," answered the Colonel coldly. 4 His father was one of my early friends. But that is a long time 44 How old is he do vou say ?" 44 Debrett will answer that question better t han I can. .1 have never reckoned tho years tiiat have gone by since 1 saw him in his Eton collar." Tho men did nob sit long over their wine. The doelor and his host talked ngricullure, Air. Crowther discussing all farming opera tions upon a large scale as a man of terri torial magnitude. The Vicar prosed about au approaching lecture at the schoolroom, and utterly failed in hearing anything that was said to him. Colonel Disney smoked a cigarette iu silence, and with a moody brow. Later, in the drawing-room, while the Crowther girls were playing a very noisy duet, by the last new Sclavonic composors Vansittart Crowther directed his conversa tion almost wholly to Airs. Disney, as if she were the only person worthy of his atten tion. He was full of suggestions for further gaieties in which the Disneys were to share — picnics, boating parties. " You must help us to wnko up the neigh bourhood, Colonel," he said, addressing Dis ney with easy friendliness. 44 We are nob very likely to be of much assistance to you in that line," Disney answered coldly. 44 We are humdrum slay- at-home people, my wife and I, and take our pleasures on a very small sealo." Colonel Disney's carriage was announced at this moment. Ho gave his wife a look which plainly indicated his wish to depart, and she rose quickly from the low dee) chair in which she had been sitting, in soino manner a captive, while Air. Crowther leaned over the broad plush-cushioncd arm to talk to her. Allcgra was engrossed in a talk about William Morris's lust poem with Mr. Coltox, who was delighted to converse with anyone fresh from the faraway world of art and literature— delighted altogether with Allcgra, whose whole being presented a piquant contrast to the Aliss Crowthers. Dili/ tnc uoionei s sister saw tue movement; towards departure, and hastened to her 'brother's aide. Briefest adieux followed, and the first of the guests being gone, a general uneasiness fell upon those whose car riages had been ordered half an hour later. A single early departure will east a wither ing blight upon your small ami dull party; whereas from a scene of real mirth the nine Muses and three Graces might all slip awav unmissed and unobserved. (To be continued.) 