ROMAN PRIESTS AS DBSORIBED BY THEMSELVES. - v By 0. H. OoMiETTK. , " Out of thine oirn mouth will I Julgo thee.'— Luke xiz..22 (Continued.) , This remind ma ot an aneodote relatsd'by the Right Rev. Abbott Snow, M A.,' 0.8.'B., in hie reoant work, 'St. Gregory the Great/ ' London, 1892, pp. 78, 79 : — ' John the daaoon ralataa a miraoulona ooonrrenoa tnac took plaoa at one of these stations. While Gregory was celebrating Mass at one of the pnblio stations a matron made the customary ofEerings. After the conseoration he was in the' aot of giving her oommunion, and, while repeating the nanal form, ' the body of our Lord Jasns Oarist praserye ' thy soul,' the woman smiled. At once vithdrawiDg his band from her month , he placed the particle of onr Lord's body on the altar. After the Maes he pnhlioly asked the matron why she preenmed to langh when afaont to receive the body of onr Lord. 8be hesitated for a long time, and at ' length said,' hecanre I knew that I bad made with my own hands the bread that yon offered me aa the body of onr Lord.' Then Gregory, on acconnt of the inorednlity of the woman, knelt with all the people in prayer, and on rising after a abort time fonnd that the particle which he had placed on the altar bad assnmed the appearance of flesh. By showing it to the fncrednlons matron before all, he was able to recall her to the grace of belief, and to con firm the faith of the people. Kneeling again in prayer the flesh reassnmed the appearance of bread.' : I wonld ask whether Father Snow proposes this for onr belief ? Does he believe it him self? : Bnt to retnrn to Lignori's 'Selva,' nnder the title ; — Gbandedr of the Priestly Power.' In p. 26, et seq. we read ; — ' With regard to the power over the real body of Jesus Obrist, it is of faith that when they pronounce the words of consecration the Incarnate Word has obliged himself to obey and to come into their hands nnder the sacramental species.' Please mark these words 'obliged himself.' Bnt onr wonder shonld be far greater when we find, in obedience to the words of the priest. Hoc est Oorpus Menm, God himself descends on the altar, that He comes wherever they call Him, and as often as they call Him, and places Himself in their hands, even tbongb they shonld be His enemies. And, after having once come, he remains 'entirely at their disposal.' The italics are mine, to direct the attention of the reader. With reference to the absolving powers Lignori tells ns (p. 27), ' The priest has the power of the keys, or the power of delivering sinners from hell, of making them worthy of Paradise, and of changing them from the fdaves of Satan into the children of God. And God himself is obliged to abide by the jndgment of His priests, and either not to \- pardon or to pardon, according as they the . Priests refuse or give absolution, provided the penitent is capable of it.'— 'Were the Bedeemer to descend into a Ohnrch and sit in a confessional to administer the Sacrament of penance, and a priest to sit in another confessional, Jesus would say over each of His penitents 'Ego fe absolve,' the priest would likewise say over each of his penitents fEgo te absolvo,' and the penitents of each . "would he equally absolved. This language is too plain to need comment. Jesus Christ has given to His priests, to resoue from hell \- not only the bodies but also the souls of the faithful ' — The Son has put into the hands of : the priests all judgment; for having been, . as it were, tranr ported into heaven, they have received this divine prerogative.' (p. 29). The next Section (p. 29) is beaded : 'ThbDiqnitt of the Priest Surpasses all Other Created dianitibs.' ' Thus the sacerdotal dignity is the most noble of all the dignities of the world '— ' The ' sacerdotal dignity Burpasses the dignity of the angels, who likewise show their veneration for the priesthood ' — All tl e angels in heavan \- cannot absolve from a single sin. The angels guardian procure for the souls committed to their care, grace to have recourse to a priest, that he may absolve tbem ' — ' Although ; angels may be present, yet may tbey wait for , the priest to exercise his power, but no one of ; them has the power of the keys of binding and loosing ' — ' St. Francis of Aesisi used to \- say, ' If I saw an angel and a priest, I would : ; bend ' my knee first to the prldst, and then to .the angel." ' The power of the priest surpasses that of the Blessed Virgin Mary. For, although this Divine Mother can pray for us, and by her prayers obtain whatever she wishes, yet ' she cannot absolve a Christian from even the smallest sin ' (p. 31). This seems to contradict what Lignori tells . us in bis other work, ' The Glories of Mary,' . and I quote from the late Cardinal Manning's authorized edition, 1864. We are there told Mf we wonld be certain of salvation,' we must 'fly to the feet of Mary' (p. 19), that . she has 'the power to change all hearts' (p. 48), that she is the ' certain salvation of Obrlstians ' (p. 84), the only advocate of sinners' (p. 95), that 'no one is saved but ' through Mary (p. 148), that ' our salvation depends on Mary ' (p. 1), ' she is the whole r ground of my hope (p. 175), and ' the whole hope of our salvation ' (p. 148), and ' no other : hope is given to us ' (p. 248), that she ' is omnipotent to save sinners' (p. 251), 'our salvation is in her hands' (p. 576), 'at the command of Mary all obey, even God ' (p. 155). And yet we are to be told that a Soman Priest has greater powers than the Blessed Virgin over a sinner I And we are told, (p. 82 of ' Selva '), ' for this reason of the snperiority of the priesthood over Mary ; she. conceived Jesus Christ only once ; but by consecrating the Eucharist, the priest, as it were, conceives him as often as he wishes ' — now, reader, please mark this — ' so that if the person of the Bedeemer had not as yet been in the world, the priest, by pronouncing the worda of consecration, would produce this great person of a Man-God ' (p. 32). So that, in 'producing this Man-God, the priest pretends to effect the very same sacrifice, for the sins of the living and the dead, as was effected on the cross 'once for all,' even . though Christ had never been born of the Virgin Mary I ' Hence priests,' he tells us, 'arecalled the Parents of Jesus Christ.' Hay, he goes further : ' Thus the priest may, in a certain manner, be called the creator of bis Creator, since, by saying the words of oonaecration he creates, as it were; Jesus in the sacrament, by giving Him a sacramental existence, and produces Him as a victim to he offered to the eternal Father ' (p. 82). ' The power of the priest is the power of the divine person ; for the transubstantiation of the bread requires as much power as the creation of the world " (p. 88). ' He that created (if I may so say) gave me the power to create Him ; and He that created me without me is Himself created by me ' (p. 88). But this is not enough. He says: 'The dignity of the priest is so great, that he even bleises Jesus Christ on the altar, as a victim to be offered to the eternal Father ' (p. 88). The idea of a wicked or heretical, or indeed any priest ' blessing ' Jesus Christ 1 Now let me draw attention to St. Paul's prophecy (2 These, ii. 8, 4), and I quote the Boman Version : — ' Let no man deceive yon by any means ; for unless there come a revolt first this has taken place and the man of sin be revealed : the eon of perdition be is here revealed who opposeth, and is lifted up above all that is called God, or that is worshipped, so that he sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself as if he were God,' In p, 67 we are told, 'It is a great hsppinesB and advantage to he a priest, to have the power of making the Incarnate Word descend from heaven into his hands, and of delivering souls from sin and hell, to be the vicar of Jesus Christ, the light of the world, the mediator between God and men, to be raised and exalted above all monarohs of the earth, to have greater power than the angels, in a word, as St, Clement says, ' a God on earth.' ' This leads us to the last section to which I desire to draw attention (p. 88, et seq.). 'Elevation of the Post Occupied by the Priest.' 'Let the priest approach the altar as another Christ ' — ' The priest holds the place of the Saviour himself when he says ' Ego te absolve,' he absolves from sin. This great power which Jesus Christ has received from the eternal Father He has communicated to His priests ' — ' Jesus invests the priests with His own powers ' — ' To pardon a single sin requires all the omnipotence of God ' — ' But what God can do by His omnipotence, the priest can also do by saying, ' Ego te absolvo h peccatis tuis'— 'How great should be our wonder if we saw a person invested with the power of changing a negro into a white man ; -but the priest does what is far more wonder ful, for % saying ' Ego te absolve,' he changes the sinner from an enemy into the friend of God, and from the slave of hell into a heir of paradise ' (p. 85). ' Cardinal Hugo represents the Lord addressing the following words to a priest who absolves us sinners, 'I have created heaven, but I leave to you a better and nobler creation ; make nut of this soul that is in sin a new soul, that is, make out of the slave of Satan, that the soul is a child of God ' (p. 85). ' He gave them the priests bis own Spirit, tbat is, tbe Holy Ghost, the sanctifier of souls, and thus made tbem, according to tbe words of tbe Apostle, his own coadjutors.' Now listen to this : ' On priests it is incumbent to give the final decision, for by the right that they have received from, the Lord they now reinit, now retain, sins' — 'St. Clement then had reason to say tbat the priest is, as it were, a God on earth.' But as St. Clement never said anything of the sort this is a bare-faced forgery fathered on Clement. Innocent III. has written, ' Indeed, it is not too much to say tbat in view of the sublimity of their offices, the priests are so many Godk.' I have made some observations on the theory of Transubstantiation : I now propose to make a few remarks on Home's system of 'Absolution,' which Is said to change a penitent ' from the slave of. Satan to a child of ' God,' from ' an enemy into the friend of God, from the slave of hell into an heir of paradise.' This happy state can only be arrived at by previous confession of sins to a Boman priest. The priest professes to act as a judge, and gives ' his final decision.' The 9th Canon of the 14th Session of the Trent Council curses all those who deny the priest's judicial capacity, or says that it is only ministerial. But here a diffioulty arises, tor an awfnl responsibility is cast on the penitent seeking absolution. By oap.: vi.. Session xiv., De Ministro, &o.;,' the penitent is oautioned : ' Nor conld one, unless extremely negligent of his salvation, be satisfied with a priest who absolved him in a joke, should carefully seek for one who should be serious in the per- formanoe of his office.' How is the penitent to ascertain that the priest is not joking, or to gauge this priest's right intention ? This becomes more encouraging since we are told in the same chapter ; ' Even those priests who are living in mortal sin exercise the same function of forgiving sins as Ministers of Christ.' And the 10th Canon corses all those who dare venture to assert that priests in mortal sin have not the. power of binding and loosing. Again, if the decision of the priest is judical, and, as asserted, final, how is he assured that a clean and full confession has been made to him? That the penitent him self is not also joking ? It was the iUustrious Bishop Saint ' Augnstine, in his ' Confessions,' who said ' To what purpose do I confess my sins to man who cannot heal my wounds ? to a set of men inquisitive in inquiring into the lives of others, but indolent in commending their own? And how shall they, who know nothing of my heart bnt by my confession, know whether I say true or not? For no one knows what is in man, but the spirit of the man tbat is in him.' If it be alleged tbat the penitent, by making a false or imperfect confession does so to bis own condemnation, then there is no judiciai character, or final decision, vested in the priest, for his absol ution must be only conditional. Again, it is a fallacy to suppose that perfect repentance of the sin confessed is necessary to gain absolution. Dr; Delahogue, Professor of Theology of Maynooth College, lays down that : ' Perfect contrition is not required that a man should receive a remission of his mortal sins in the Sacrament of Penance.' Tbey have invented a word—' attrition ' — to represent this ' imperfect repentance.' It is a repentance for sin, not necessarily arising from a love of God, but from fear of punish ment and hell. This phrase is clearly explained in the 6th chapter of the 14th Session of the Trent Council :— ' ' The synod teaches that although it may sometimes happen tbat this contrition is perfected by cbarify, and reconciles a man to God_ before that this Sacrament is actually received, nevertheless the reconciliation is not to be ascribed to the contrition without the wish of tbe Sacrament, wbiob is included in it. It declares also tbat imperfect contrition (contritionem imperfeotam) which is callad attrition (attritio dicitnr), since it is commonly conceived either from a consideration of the vileness of sin, or (vel) the fear of hell, and punishment, if it excludes sinful will— and although it attrition be unable of itself to bring the sinner to justification, without the sacrament of penance, yet doss it assure him to obtain the grace of God in that Sacrament.' This theory of converting attrition into contrition by confession to a priest is more elaborately explained in the Trent Oatechism, which concludes (Donovan, p. 271) : — ' Although he the penitent bring not with him that contrition which may he sufficient of itself to obtain the pardon of sin, his sins are forgiven by the minister of religion tWugh the power of the keys.' (To he Continued.) 