Farrasnaita School of Avis. Tin: usual inontlily mootirig of the cummitlee of tho School of Arts Was held on tho 7tb inst., tho rrcsidont (Mr. T. W. Pollock) being iu tho chair, and Modsrs. DeLow, \Valksr, Diilmns, Willis, Tudliunler, Arundel, Quirk, Morgan, Vullaok, Dyrucs, Hughes, and Ilill boitig .nro'sout. After confirmation of minutes tho Truasurcr reported that the Commercial Bunk ing Co. had released tho euitenl account and that thoro was £29 to tbo credit of the Com mittee. Several aooounts woro then passed. Tho lion, socrotaiy repotted that there had boon nu increase of o'-J now .members -during' tho past quartbr and that tho total oiirolment was now 231, as against 120 at tho beginning of tho year. Tho Library Oommitleo's roco.'n mohdations that tho library, but not tho read ing rooms, should he closed on New 'Yo'ar's Day, Anniversary Day, and Good li'iidayD.iy, liastor Monday, Queen's Birthday, Piinco of Waloa' Birthday, Xmas Day, and Boxiug Day was adopted. Tho Finunoo Committco recom mended tho acceptance of Mr. Basting's oiler to establish model and freehand classes in con nection with tho School of Arts. After much discussion it was roferrod to tlio Knanco Com mittee again for futther particulars nnd to finally, doal with. An application from Mr. Davoy, tho teacher in shorthand, for tho use of tho looturo hall to delivor a lecture on typo writers and was granted. Tho seat on tho committee of Mr. C. I). Oairnos was then de clnred vacant through non-attondanco, but tho vaoauoy was not filled up. A voto of thunk* was passed to the trustees of Macquarie Hall for their kindness in reducing tho charge for hiring thoir hall upon the occasijn of tho Rev. J. Milno Curran's leoturo on behalf of tho institute. On account of tho Saving's Bank of N.S.W. not boiug prepared -to accept tho sink ing fuud ucoouut in tlio form docided upou by tho commilteo it was resolved to placo it in the P.O. savings bank. Tho inceiit'g thou ad jou.'iifcd. The Finauco Commilleo of the School of Aits met on TiiFsdiy evening to consider Mr. Basting's proposal to establish a Molol a-id I'Veoband Drawing Class, Mr. Bibtiiig being present by invitation. After fully explaining hih propobal for which the commilloo (hanked him, it was dccilod (hat stops bo 'taken at once to onrol pupils, juniors to bo ohni'gcJ 0- and sjniorj I'if per tern of 1 1 weeks, at one lesson n week, or doublo iMte= for two lessons per week. A robale, of Is' 3d would bo madu to junior members of the School of Arts and 2d 61 to' senior moiubei'c. Iu visw of tho fact lhat private tuition in thoso subjects would coat a pupil jit loa-t «even times tho abovo foes, tho oommiltco fully apprcoiato Mr. Bjsliug's self siiorilico iu tho undertaking, 'and believo pupils will show their appreciation of it likowiso, by enrolling, for Mr. Bantings bears h'ghost boners ii\ those bubj'iuts, and has for some years boon nud. is a teaoher under the Technical Education department. A now lot of recent works havo just been received by tho Libraiiaa of Iho School of Arts und placed in circulation. 