TOPICS OF THE DAY. Mr Win.. Summons, tho XiUor.al mom- bor of Parliament whoso , donth from fiinnll.pnx is annoimcod by cabin, was ono of tho lueii who wus kittorly'disnppoinied at not 'ghtt'lug olllco 'hi'MrGladatoWs now Admmtatmtiou, As 'ft blind, devoted folhnvor of the Lihornl chief, ho may bo said to imvo boon almost nioro Gladstouian tliun Mr Gladstone. Ho was a fair, gingor-bonrded littlo man, who used to Btt on .ono of the soaca juatbohind tbo front bunch in tlio Uouso of Commons ; and ho wau gctiomlly to tho foro to fill tin a gap during thu dinner hour. Hcrbeliovud his strong point to bo fiuanco, and es pecially lndiun finance ; and lie would sit there pnd tnlk nnd interject hour after hour wlillo the eatimatea were boing 'dis- ciissod. He wus thought to ba.siunewlint of n bore, but, fur nil that, lin was n useful member of Parliament, and ho had just iho imrt of dull plodding intellect nliich would hava mado iiitu valunblu ns a Dopartmentnl Under Simrolarv. But Mr Gliidstobo' forgot hint, or fia'ssud him ovor, when hr wria forming hi!) Government. Mr &mnniers; tlmn went to India, where he has jttnt died of ninnll-pox. Ar 'ho was ouly relumed by a majority of 2GI ut tho lust election, it is not unlikely that hiu vacant , seat for Iluddersfiuld will full to thu Conservative should tiir Joseph Crosland, tho old Tory member, become a candidate again. It ia vory likely, ono would fancy, that tho Liberals 'will .put tip Mr Llnrry Iawaoti, tho formor mcinbor for Sr. Pancran. Ilo is looking for a sear, and, us he is tho sou of tbo proprietor of tho "Daily Tele graph " nnd a libornl subscriber to tho party's funds, ho is a man whom it pays to please. A doctor of divinity of high persennl integrity, and much respected in the de nomination to which ho bolongs, is about to marry a young lady to whom ho has become attached (says the Chronicle) undor douiowhat romantic circumstances. The reverend ge'ntlorrian, who is about sixty years of ago, 'him dovftted-a'-groac Eortion of his life to tho resouo of poor oys and girls. Somo 20 years ago or more ho picleod tip a hungry, half-clad, friondlora, but brlght-oyod littlo girl, and removed hor to ono of tho homes ot which ho had oversight. Tho child was willing and eager to lenrn all that could ho tniighi. lie,-.. i>uo datoluped iu tho course of years into an ato'tablo and in telligent young woman, nud iti her turn bocaiuo an iuslructres.1 in thu hotno to which sfm hod been brought so many years before. She is still associated with the work, but sl;o ia uugugod to marry tho man who picked her, so to speak, from tho gutter. Many of tho revcrend gontlumun's friends have tried to persuade him against the marriage, but the doctor has tho courage of bis convic tions, ns well ns uffections. nnd will lmvo Ids hand, as ho hns given Iris heart, to his old pupil. She is about 80 years of age. Mr Gladstone (says, tho "Daily Chronicle ") hits effected n formal recoti- oilintion with tho mcuibur for Northamp ton. ilo visited Mr and Mrs Lnbuucheru, took tea with them, and - had a long and vory cordial interview. -So far, in deed, us Mr Lnbouchcrc ever had any personal fooling in reference to his exclu sion from Iho Ministry, it may be regarded as doad. But tha member for Northampton still reserves bio opinion ns to curtain transactions which bo thinks were responsible for his exclusion, nud ns to tlio part which no believes somo mem bers of tho Government tu have played in that littlo comedy-drama. Here is a ghost story which (says tho London correspondent of the Manchester " Courier") may be commended to thu Psychical Society. A gentleman arrivod ono Evening <m n visit lor tho 'find timo to an old country house. An ho wns going upstairs to chnugu for dinner, ho obsurved uu elderly tuuii, dressod in tho costume of thu eighteenth century, couto down ono passage, walk along another, nnd outer nu open door. The occurrence struck him as being peculiar, and at dutnor lie men tioned it to one of tho daughters of tho hsusc. Shu appeared much interested, nml questioned him minutely as to thu features nud costurco of iho apparition. 1/ftlor in thu evening ho was taken into a room, l-.-tl up to a pietureund nnki.d, " Do ynu sou any icsetnb'nncu? " Tnu likenens was exact, and he then learned thnt tho original of thu portrait waa nu admiral who hnd died in his country's Korvicc in 1720 or thereabouts. Still more strangely, tlio gallant sailor had been 'reported to " v/alk " about oO years ago, but hnd ap parently crnsvd his peripatetic habits until seen by this perfuct alrnnger. At tlio iiistnnco of Lord Randolph Churchill nnd the Duchess ot Marlborough (the London correspondent of tho "Liver pool Post" writus), the editor of a monthly' uinynamo who hail iu typu nu artio n by tlm Into Dulco dealing with the tempting topiu of social lifo in England, has clm'alrously furogottc the ndvnntnyo of publishing it. Tiinro has, 1 hoar, been found among ihu Into Duke's papers anothor nrticlo intended far a inapnzino. and as it deals with iho moro prosaic subject of tho Amorican trotting horso it mny bo per- mitied iu appear. I hoard the other day (says a writer in " Truth ") a good story of Mr Chauncey Dopow, who is regarded by his country men as their bust aftor-dinner spcakor. .Somo ono saul to him : " Wo aro getting tiredofyourspoechcs.A man lias only tuput acoin'm tho slot when ho getsn dinner, and thon up comes thospocch." " Thst," re plied Mr Dopow, in tho difforehco iipiwoon you nntl mo ; with yoii tho 'coin- produces a speech, and then up comes thoi dinner." The Queen, accompanied by tho Grand! Duko and Duchess Scri/ius of Russia and Prince nnd Pnncoss Henry of Batten-, hcrg, and attended by Downaor-Lndy Churoliill, General Lyncdiich Gardiner, and -Ltoutcnnnt-Coloncl Wnll'er, loft Windsor Castlo recently for Frn- borough. ./J'ho Queen drove to tho Wind-: Bor Terminus of tho Great Western Railway in a pony-carringo drawn by fourgroys, niurprVccded by outriders in; scariot hvyries. , Tho'royal party loft nt 12.-18 for "Faniborougli. otid then drove to Fa'rnborotigh Hill to visit the Empress Kugeuio. . After lunching with the Em'- press the Qacen nnd party returned to 'tint Castle. ' 'J'ho Melbourne Garrison -Mess (writes the gossipy correspondent of an uxchango) has abandoned tho former rostdcnco of Mr'Duordlu.a leading city nttornoy of tho ast))'generation) Duordin kept his law 'books in tho collar, whero ho hail an un rivalled library of 10,000, Tho Garrison Mess did not keen a horary thcro, savo of Uio works of Clicquot, Moc', and Ihoso authoraof oxhilorstion. An incident which has canned a good donl of stir in Russian military circles has occurred at Moscow. While tho general commanding tho .Second Division of Grnnadiurs was inspecting tho kits of ono of tho regiments, lie 'noticed that the men's uniforms wero not 'marked with Iho official. Blainp. Whereupon, turning to Colonel Baguriauuff, thu regimental com mander, ho exclaimed, " Where is tho stamp?" nt tlio eamo time throwing one of the uniforms iu Ins fr.ee. Th'o'colonol, who was greatly 'incensed, being thus treated in tho presence 'of hie men, re plied, "There it is," nnd. suiting his action to tho woids, struck tho general n Rovoru blow in tho face with his fiat. Of Into there Imvo been several sharp wamingttof tho dangor of eating tinned provisions. It is hut a few days sinco wo— St. James's Gazette— reported tho inquest upon tho unfortunato Lieutenant lluddlcston, who died nt Chatham nftor, nud as thu, doctors declared,, in ennso- (|Ucnco of, eating sardines ; and now wo havo a still mora striking case, although happily ithnsnot had such shockinpjrraults. A fumily in Ildmpstead— father, mother nnd twoohildron— snt down to a freshly- opuncd tinnud tongue nt breakfast. The tongue looked uninviting and smelt tin- pleasantly, and after tho wifo nnd ono child hnd " just tnstod it" the innstor of tho homo forbade them to cat any more of it. Neither ho northc othor child touched it, but ntu instead nn omelolto divided with tho fork iyhichjind heon used for tho tongue. Two or three hours later all full ill ; those who. had tasted tho tonguo violently ho. The Public Analyst said that tho tongue was " tho .most virulent samplo. of tinned picnt llmt ho had yet itiot with." t Tho moat was partiully do- composed and sa'turiiteil with salts oi iron. A dainty dish indued. As announced, two months ago, tho Grand Duko Nicholas Niculah-vUeh, tlio nephew of tho Czar, was bethrothed soino time since tu tho daughter of a morchont named Bourcntiic, who had hern divorced from her husband. Tho mnrriflgo, how ever, was never celebrated, nnd it now appears Hint, although tho Czar actually consented to thounion nml all preparations wore made for tho wcildlng, thu lady at tho last moment claimed tho title of Grand Duchess ami the right to be re ceived at Court. This tlio Czar not only refused to chncciltt, but at onco withdrew hia sanction toilia marrriage. air Arthur Edward Rawlincs, civil olllcor of the Chin Hills and district of Manipur, has had a startling oxporionco in Groat Cullcgo street, Oiundon Town. While he. was walking along that thorough- faro ho was struck in tho'sUlo ot thh head with a leaded p«UdL lib was taken io the North-Wcst London Hospital, whore the bullet was successfully extracted from thn vicinity ot tho 'templo. The pnlico wore communicated with, nnd tuoy found a similar bUHet oil tho pavumcut flattened, but as there was no discharge of fireurrns no indication of tho origin of the strange shooting tanebc furnished. It is thought, howuver, that a tenant in the artisans' dwellings oppo site to wltoru Mr llnwlings was aliotlia l been carelessly practising with an air- gun. Mr Rawliugs, who had hocn on sick leave in this country, nnd was staying with his cousin ia Mauriiohl road, Hathp- stead, was nt thu time of tlio otfair on tlio eve of his tloparturo to British Burmah. hut tho unfortunate incident will prevent his immcdiato return. The Vicuna correspondent of .tho "Daily News" reports thnt a scene took plnco in tho Jtcichirath which may havo further consequences. A deputy, excited by a . polemic with a Libornl inotnbor exclaimed, "You hnvo stud sumo fine things about Franco. I congratulate you upon ycur Panama Canal Republic of corruption anil thoft. I must say I prefer uti Absolutist Govern ment to a Roptthlic of thiovc and swindlers." Thu President called thu deputy to order, and ho made a dcop ironical bow. It is considered possible that the French Ambassador will call Count Kalnoky to account for riie insult offered to his Government. An esteemed correspondent furnishes us with so graphic a description of the holiday decorations on tho ToornU rail way tlal ion, thut wo havo no hesitation in including tho latter amongst those de serving special mention. ' Tho old folks at iho Benovolcnt Asylum dusiro to convey to the charitable public their deep gratitude for tho troa'tim-ut they havo received during tho Christmas holidays. They were regaled with n good dinner on Sunday, nnd with a judicious supply of good ale, supplied as a gift by thu proprietors of tho Cnsilomnino Brewery. Compsny nnd Mossrs M'Crecki n. They managed ta hovo a really good timu, Mr Stobio, the superintendent, wns accorded a very warm reception in recognition of his management of tho institution. During Mr gjhtiadhorsl'n abionce from England tin his Australian tour, the organisation of thu National Liberal Federation is looked uftor by young Air Vernon Jiarcourt, tho sou of the Chancel lor of the Exchequer, lie i& pointed to ss Mr Sclmuuhbrst'H possible successor. A piihlio meeting fur the advocacy of th« piiticiplHi nf total nbathi-mc-j will tin field thin evening, nt 8 o'clock, ill tlio Tenim-ramie Hull, Itiiiaei etreet. A'MrrM'M -ill b- de livered fiy Meuia C. G.-Carr, C. Hatl. y and other, lift efmir will be occupied by Mr 8\. Elh'iiM, During the evening n niwabor of lady ami r-ntl-iiieu amut-iur will cnntii- bete sunvs and ri- citntioiiH, In additiun to her ordinary trip at 2.30 for Menton-. the sti-amer Ethel Jackson it an nounced to make a moonlight tup every even ing tin, week at E n.tn. The Bands of th- 2nd Regiment and Carlton Dutrict, tisder B.inJmasicr K. Rawlins, will play on tlio Eiular.nde, Soutli Mi-liwiirru', this evening (l'nci-dav), nt H o'clock, in the new Victoria Band Pavilion, opposite ttio Hotel The Rotunda ./fill wns well fillet! Inst Sun- dav night, when the audience bad urcMonted a most excellent programme. The tucit interest ing mimb'T was Gouurd's Noel, nilmiralily sung by Mr Henry Htnckweil. Thl< item wis lecalltd. Sofi.s were contributed by MiBa El«t-r, Mim Golbntck. nod Mr Ulactdmiu, while Mi lenniuoui ami Mr Barkep.nch c«)i- triiiutud lluio nud harp solus respectively. Me»«ri Buscell, ltob<on nnd Bum!!, desire us to notify to tho public that they have made extra arrangements with their contractor (Murray and Crowe) whereby they will bo cimnleU to keep open their premirs-s. while the hit-rior walls nre Ivlntr laken down. 