OUTLAW & LAW-MAKER. by mrs. campbell praed. CHAPTER XXX.— "A Busit Picnic." But in spite of the chase of Moonlight, in spite of the great Wavcryng diamond rob bery which had furnished food for sensa tional leaders and sensational telegrams, both in England and Australia — what a fertile theme for romanco- mongering penny-a-liners and soeictv iounmlists !— in suite of the tragic complications of pour Elsie's love affairs and Frank Hallett's heart- sickness, and Ina Gage's sympathetic dread of some terrible coming calamity, life on the Luya lmd to continue its ordinary course. Its ordinary course just now meant the carrying out of Mrs. -James Hallett's scheme of a house party at Tuuiinba, modelled 011 the lines of English comfort and the due subservience of Australian roughness to aristocratic sensibilities, but with all the dramatic fitness which local color could im part ; a house-party which should be duly chronicled in Early Waveryng's hook of travels, and which should pave the way for Mrs. Jem's reception into aristocratic circles in England when that long-talked-of trip Home should take place; and Mrs. Jem in tended that it should take place before the Waveryng impressions had time to fade. Mrs. Jem lmd for some time been silently making preparations. She wasquite as good a caterer of amusement as Lord Horace, and made less fuss about it. The best rooms had been garnished in readiness for the Wave ryngs, the bachelors' quarters had been made ready. By a diplomatic arrangement with the dentist old Mrs. Hallett had been per suaded into taking her annual trip to Syd ney a little earlier than usual, and her cot tage was at the disposal of Mrs. James's guests. She had invited a select parly to- meet the Waveryngs, including the Gaiiits and Min nie Prvde. and such of the neighbors us were thought either sufficiently refined for such exalted company, or sufficiently amusing to afford "copy" for Lady Wavcryng. Domi nic Trail t bad been asked, and lmd readily accepted the invitation, and Blake lmd been asked also, but had left it uncertain whether he could come. It was possible, lie wrote, that his official duties might prevent him from being at the picnic, to which he had so looked forward, lie begged his kind regards to Miss Valliant, and his assurances to Lady Wavcryng that zeal on behalf of the recovery of her jewels had something to do with his uncertainty. 44 Ah, Blake knows that he will have a bad time when the House meets in October," said Jem Hallett. "No doubt, Sir James, you and your colleagues mean to make capital out of this Moonlight business?" Sir James Garlit smiled sardonically, and remarked drily that they had their work cut out for that summer session. He meant, for his part, to make it last as short a time us possible, and he shouldn't be surprised if there was to be a general election, and in that case no one knew what would happen. Thus it was understood that Sir James Gartit meant to force the hand of the Go vernment. The summer session had been a concession to public feeling. Nobody liked a summer session, and it meant uu involved state of political business. "Think, Em," cried Lord Horace, "the loss of your diamonds may be a turning point in colonial history— a defeat of the Ministry and 1111 appeal to the country ; and all because your vanity made you insist 011 dragging about these historic heirlooms." 44 It was Waveryng's vanity, not mine. He didn't like the idea of my not appearing pro perly, and, you see. we knew we should be in the wake of the Prince uvorywheie," said Lady Wavcryng, apologetically. Nature hacl assisted Mrs. Jem Hallett in her endeavors. Never was there a more glorious September; never had Tunimba looked more beautiful. The pale green pods of tho eucalyptus ilowers wore opening to let out their hoiieyudiballsjcliejwhite cedars were a mass of lilac blossoms, and tho chestnut trees by the creek spread their orange clus ters. The young green of the quantongs showed in ihe scrub fringe, and here and there in the mountain gorges the flame tree shone like a burning bush. t The rncccourso in front of the house was brilliant green, and covered with buttercups and wild violets, and the cultivation paddocks were greener still. The flutstonc peach trees were covered with bloom, and so were the orange trees, making tho air almost heavy with their fragrance. And roses rioted on the fences, and tho wistaria was sweet, and the purple scrub plums were beginning to ripen. 44 What a pity it is that Elsie is not going to be married tins month," somebody said. " We might ail bo smothered in real orange blossoms." But Elsie said nothing. She had grown strangely silent these days, and from her manner would .scarcely have been recognised . as the brilliant Miss valliant, of Luiehardt's Town renown. She rarely alluded to- her marriage, nor did Frank ; and Lady Garlit pronounced them an extraordinary engaged couple, and began to think there might after all uo a chance for Rose. Of late, however, she had taken a fancy to Blake in the light of a possible son-in-law. She lived in hope that he might be induced to change ids politics, and to join Sir James Garlit's Ministry. She was very much pub out that lie could not ho at tho picnic. For he was not to be there. A telegram had arrived with prepaid messenger from the Bean Tree to say that he was unavoid ably prevented from joining the party. Elsie read tho telegram— Mrs. Hallett handed it to her — with a curious siuking of her heart. She had been looking forward with a guilty joy to the prospect of meeting 1dm at the picnic, and yet she had told her self all the time that she was wicked to wish for hiin, and that in reality she was anxious that he should not come. The arrangements had been made with a view to the well-being and enjoyment of the elder and timorous as well as of tho rasher spirits among the young. Lady Garlit did not think camping-out was quite appropriate at her age, or that of Sir James. Besides, she had not mounted a horse for years, and her size was hardly adapted to equestrian feats. Lady Wavcryng, of course, wished to see and do everything that was to be seen and done. Rose Garfit thought she would sec how they got on — of course camping- out would bo sweet, but she was not sure that she ought to leave her mother. Mrs. James Hallett, with her usual sense of the fitness of things, decided that it was her duty to look after her elder guests. As for Minnie Pryde, she was equal to all dangers and difficulties. So it was settled that they were to follow the buggy track as far as that would take them towards one of tho selections in the mountains, and then a very short ride 011 a quiet horse, into which Lady Garfit was persuaded, would lead them to the Point Row Ravine, and there they would picnic, those so disposed returning in the late after noon, while the rest would push on past the region of human tracks into tho Gorges and cam) for tho night as near as might be to Barulin Fall. It was a goodly cavalcade, the two bug gies, an escort of black boys leading spare horses, and followed by a pack of kangaroo hounds. Sam Shohau as pioneer — Sam al ways dour of face, but the typical stockman, in his tight moleskins turned up at the bottom, his llanncl shirt, and diagonally folded handkerchief knotted sailor-fashion on his chest, his cabbage-tree hat 011 the back of his head, his stockwhip over his right shoulder, the thong trailing behind hirn, his waist-strap with its many pouches and implements of tho bush, including a leather revolver case— for almost all the gentlemen carried revolvers — a precaution adopted 011 the Luya since the diamond rob bery. There was always a hope of an en counter with Moonlight. The half-castcs rodo with Shchan, ami kept somewhat apart from the other blaekboys. Elsie regarded the trio with a sort of instinctivo shrinking, and yet with that vague interest which in her mind associated itself with anyone or anything that was connected witli Blukc. Trant was there of course, on a splendid annual, mettlesome yet docile, and as Traut said, accustomed to the ranges. Lady Wavcryng, in her trim hunting get- up and mounted 011 Jem Hallett's best thoroughbred lady's hack, looked like an importation from the Shires. Every incident of the little journey gave fresh material. There was a spin after a kangaroo, and then one of the stockmen killed a 'guana, a blackboy skinned it. carrying off the carcase for a camp supper, while Lady Wavcryng bought the skin on the spot, and declared she would have it stuffed to take home with her. Then, as they skirted the scrub, the belbbird rang its silvery peal, and tho whip-bird gave its coachman's click. Never was September day more tender and dreamy and sweet, with always that strange exhilaration in the air which sets pulses oM and young tingling "I will be happy; I will be happy," Elsie kept repeating to herself. She put away dark thoughts of Blake. lie was going out of her life ; he must be thrust out of her life ; and she would begin to-day the battle with her ghost, It was only a ghost— the ghost of a happiness that might have been. And here by her side was a happiness that was. And ahead of her, in the shape of Trant, was a means of passing excitement. She worked herself into a reckless mood. Why should she not amuse herself with Trant V He was fairly warned. 44 Let us shuttle cards, Frank," she said. 44 \N 0 have been too much . liko Darby and Joan lately, and it isn't time for that yet. Go and flirt with Rose Garlit, and I will flirt with Mr. Trant." Siio laughed with something of her old spirit, and Frank was not displeased, but rather welcomed the sally, as a sign that Elsie was becoming herself again. He was not jealous of Trant. So Elsie called Trant to her, on some woman's pretext, and Frank dropped back to-Rose Garfit. Traut was in an odd mood, too. He did not seem disposed for pleasantry. His manner suggested to Elsie the 44 villain of the piece," and so she told him, laughing. 44 Well," he answered, a little grimly. " per haps. Perhaps I may turn into tho hero of the piece. Wo are only at the beginning of the play, you know. Miss Valliant. 44 1J1, 110," alio said, 44 we are getting to the end. The play is nearly played out, for me at least. I am to be married in a month, Mr. Trant, and we are going to Tasmania for our honeymoon." 44 Is that settled?" ho asked. 44 It was settled yesterday," alio replied. She looked up from her horse's inane, with which her whip had been toying. His big black eyes were fixed 011 her with such a fierce, devouring kind of gaze, that the girl was startled and shrank. 44 1 wish you wouldn't look at me liko that," she said. 44 Why do you look at me ao wildly?" 1 41 Because I am wild with love of you," ho said. 41 It maddens ino to think of you as tho wifo of another man. I can't stand it, and I will not stand it." He did not speak for a moment or two, then exclaimed impetuously. 44 \ou are right: the play is nearly played out, for mc as well as for you. I11 a month's time I shall have left Australia. Blake and I have agreed to dissolve partnership, and to sell Barulin." 44 1 am glad of that," she said. He laughed in a strange, wild way. They were at the entrance to the cleft through which wound the Point Row Gully, tho scene of their picnic in the autumn. The buggies crawled along a rough cedarcutters' track for a little way, and then, at Lady Garfit's request the ladies got out, and a general shifting of baggage and dismounting und remounting took place, Lady Garfit being hoisted on the safest of the Tuniinba steeds and placed under the caro of the steadiest of the Tunimba stockmen, who led the lady and the horse along the bridle-path to the lichen-covcred boulders, whence it was necessary to proceed on foot. Lady Wavcryng uttered cries of delight. The place was in all the beauty of spring blossom. The rock lilies were in flower, aiul stuck out all over the precipice in tufts like plumes of cream-colored feathers. Orchids, with white and purple tassels, hung down from the crevices, the shrubs were nearly all in bloom, and so was the wild begonia, and the ferns were in their glory of new pale green fronds. They picnicked on the higher plateau. It was a very sumptuous luncheon, got up in Mrs. Jem Hallett's best fashion. She was determined that the luncheon and the expe dition should be immortalised in Lady Waveryngs book. A clever young 44 new- chum," from one of the Luya stations, who had joined the party, and who had brought a Kodak, took photographs, grouping the stockmen and black boys and guests under Lady Waveryng's direction. He insisted on including Elsie in each group; Lady Wavcryng made a greater point of the black boys. She raved about the picturesqueness of Pompo and Jack Nutty. Elsie submitted willingly to be posed. She did not want to climb higher, us Frank Hallett proposed. She had too vivid a remembrance of the ramble with Blake. And she thought of that saying of hers on which he hacl sadly com mented. Yes; if she had only known in the autumn what tho spring would bring forth 1 (To be continued.) 