r' ; ' M AS AFFECTING -iV 'iCHUECH AND STATE. : The question of marriage must always be among those with regard to which the " relations of Church and State are most . ' difficult to adjust. To the State, marriage ' is a contract upon which depends both the "'status of citizens and the devolution of t- property, and it is, therefore, one of the -first duties of the State to lay down the \- conditions upon which it will consider a ' contract of so important a nature valid. " To the Church, marriage is the entrance " to a state of life which, founded upon : the mystical union of Christ with the \- Church, is accompanied with special grace : and special privileges. It is unnecessary to debate whether it is properly called a sacrament or not ; suffice it to say that it is, at least, a grace- conferring rite, and ' that, therefore, the Church is bound not merely to lay dowji the conditions under which the grace is acquired, but' also to guard her sacred rites from profanation. It is obvious, from the facts so stated, that there cannot fail to be many points of contact, and possible opposition, be tween the two authorities, without either of them travelling out of its proper sphere of duty ; and this has, as a matter of fact, been found to be the case all down the pages of Church history. After the decay of the pagan schools of philosophy, the Church took so unquestioned a lead in the march of intellect that it was natural for States to be content to adopt her principles as their own in a matter which concerned both so nearly. Consequently, all through the Middle Ages, partly owing to the superior intellectual power of the Church ; partly owing to the earlier systematisa- tion of the canon law, as pppoEled to the civil law or the common law ; partly because, when . all were of one religion, all were equally bound by the same rules of conscience, the State contented itself with merely enforcing the marriage law of the Church, and friction was reduced to a minimum, because the duties of both powers were coincident, and not rival. But with the revolution of the sixteenth century came a dislocation of this state of affairs. Gradually, over the larger part of Europe, States were obliged to recognise duties towards large bodies of citizens who did not belong to the Church, and whose consciences in the matter of marriage were not bound by the law of the Church. In some countries, notably in England, men were recognised as good citizens who were not even Christians. At the same time, the political and legislative capacity of laymen was growing every day, and was soon equal, if not superior, to that of the clergy. As a necessary consequence, the cry became stronger and stronger that the State, as such, should have its say upon so important a matter as the marriage of its citizens, and lay down its own regulations, for the double purpose of vindicating its own authority, and securing justice to all its members, irres pective of creed. With the growth of religious liberty has come the necessity for the definition by the State of its own principles with regard to marriage ; with the growth of civil liberty has come the requisite knowledge and capacity rightly to define them, and, consequently, during the present century there is hardly a civilised nation which has not profoundly modified its marriage law. In some nations, as in France, this modification has taken the form of a complete revolu tion. The State has been made omni potent where the Church used to be omnipotent.' Formerly no marriage was legal unless it was celebrated by the Church, in accordance with ecclesiastical law ; now no marriage is legal unless it is contracted under the sanction of the State, in the presence of the officials of the State, in accordance with the law of the State. The parties may if they choose, or may not if they do not choose, also go through a religious or quasi- religious. ceremony. That is a matter for their own consciences or their own inclination. With that the State has nothing to do; it is a purely private matter, like going to a theatre or attending at a wedding breakfast. It recognises the religious marriage neither by sanctioning it nor by condemning it. It simply ignores it altogether, and says to its subjects, "Tou may hold what opinions you like. as to the sacramental nature of marriage, but if you wish to form an union which the law will recog nise as a marriage, the offspring of which the law will- treat as legitimate, you must do it before my officeis, according to my regulations, and in no other way what ever." In England, characteristically enough, they have hit upon a compromise. The State has not abolished the old prerogative of the Ohurch, but it has regulated it. It has recognised the marriage service of the Church as a valid form of contract — a form which -satisfies all that the State has a right to demand for the due cpmpletion ; of the contract. It has recognised parish churches, and other licensed- buildings,, belonging both to the Ohurch and other sects, as proper places for the making of that particular contract. It has even sanctioned other forms of religions service as valid for the purpose of effecting the contract, as long as certain essential details are observed. And, further, to meet the wishes of those who would prefer to make alegal contract without any form of religious service, the State empowers its own official, the Eegistrar, to effect such contracts upon certain prescribed conditions of publicity and contractual intention. The principle which has been followed hitherto in England has been, therefore, one of elasticity. The State has tried to meet the views of its members by recognising every form of religious marriage, which is J in any sense public and contractual, as a valid form of civil marriage, and. by, pro viding a purely civil marriage for those who wish to be free from all religious associations in their marriage. France, on the contrary, has followed the opposite principle of rigidity, by providing one valid form of marriage and one only, and that a purely civil one. Up to the present time there has been no doubt which of these two opposing principles has received the support of the Ohurch. Naturalljr enough, after exer cising undisputed sway over marriage for so many centuries, the Ohurch was not willing to surrender any pairt of her prerogative, much less to acquiesce in its being taken wholly away. And, further, looking at marriage, as she does, as a solemn sacramental rite, she was bound to protest against any policy which seemed to offer an inducement to people to deprive themselves of the marriage blessing. The Ohurch has, therefore, been in France, and is to-day in Hungary, the strenuous and persistent opponent of civil marriage ; and it is idle to conceal the fact that in the former country, whatever may be the case in the latter, the supporters of the principle of civil marriage are the avowed and irreconcilable enemies of religion. In England things have been somewhat different, Since the State has never in any way weakened the fulness of her recognition of the marriage service of the Ohurch as a valid form of marriage, there has been no double duty upon men's consciences, and Ohurch- "people have gone on being married by the Ohurch, and the Ohurch only, as they used to do before civil marriage was a possibility. And, more than this, from association, and perhaps sentiment, there are many people, who belong in an ordinary way to other denominations, and yet prefer to be married in the parish church, with the Ohurch service. So it has come about that the Ohurch still marries a very large proportion of the population, although her service . is only one among many forms of .marriage contract recognised by the State. Of those who are married otherwise than by the Ohurch, the majority are staunch and avowed adherents of other forms of religion, Ohristian aud non- Christian, who are outside the sphere of Ohurch discip line, towards whom, accordingly, the Ohurch is under no obligations; while the few who avail themselves of the purely civil marriage are often those whom, for various reasons, the clergy are hot anxious to see married in Ohurch. The advantages of the compromise have been felt on both sides. The Ohurch has not been sensible of any material loss of her hold over the people in this matter ; while the State, by the simple process of allowing everybody to consult his own tastes, has gained the appropriate reward of peace and quiet. Of all the agitations of which England is the victim nowadays, perhaps there is none so purely fictitious as that for' the reform, as it is called, of the Marriage Laws, and that is concerned with only one small, though important, point in the whole field of the marriage question. But it is idle to think that things can long remain in this happy state. The movement for compulsory civil marriage is in the air. It has not yet made itself heard in England, but it has been adopted as part of the democratic creed in France and Italy. It has conquered Germany and invaded Hungary, and will, no doubt, make its way into England as the policy of the democracy becomes more definite and formulated. On the other hand, no one can say that the present system is anything better than a working compromise. ' Admittedly it leaves the door open to abuses eiqually detrimental to the interests of both the Church and the State. It may, therefore, be worth while for Churchmen to take counsel themselves'upon so important a question before it is removed from the peaceful precincts of conference and discussion into the stormy arena of party warfare. There are few thoughtful men who will not agree that the old Church must pre pare herself in the future for a greater and growing divergence between her law. on the subject of marriage and that of the State. Already the divergence is con siderable. The Divorce Court daily pro nounces, on the authority of the State, the dissolution of a bond which, by the law of the Church, is indissoluble; and however much the deepest thinkers on social problems may deplore the existence of the Court in the interests of public morality, we must not deceive ourselves into thinking that it will ever be abolished. Other countries have started on the down ward track in the matter of divorce at a greater pace than the English have done, and the Colonies, with the proverbial f rashness of youth, are following their lead rather than that of .the mother-country. In these days of quick transit and exten sive colonisation marriage is becoming of vast international importance, and the conflict of marriage laws between civilized countries is becoming a matter of more serious difficulty every day, and naturally presses with the greatest weight upon those who move slowly along the track. Alraady we hear grave complaints ' that unions which are considered good and lawful marriages in these Colonies are not BO considered in England. The safeguards required by the Church against improper marriages are totally in sufficient for the needs of the present day. In former . times, when population was sparse and people did not move about much, the publication of banns was perhaps as good a form of publicity as could be conceived. In modern days, in a crowded town parish it becomes a mere farce. A string of names is read out Sunday after Sunday, of which not half are known even to the clergy; and it is found by the experience of criminal courts, that if a couple wish to evade the authority of parents, or, worse still, to commit bigamy, the easiest way to get married without anybody knowing anything at all about it is to be lost in the mass of the candidates for matrimony at the church of a populous parish. Such a state of affairs is equally detrimental to the interests of the Church and of the State. Not Peace but a Sword. Tha telegrams of Thursday morning give us a startling commentary on the promised Glad- stonian peace which dogs the footsteps of his Home Bale. Whoever is to blame in Belfast, there certainly is not peace. The leaders of the Orange body strongly deprecate the violence and threats which are reported : and every effort is being tried to calm the fnry which has exasperated law-abiding citizens to madness. At the same time they do not hide their opinion that shonld the G.O.U. get his way, peace will cease to be possible. A shell may be perfectly at rest even after the fnse is lighted ; bnt when the spark reaches the powder, then comes the explosion. Even leading Bomanists, snoh as the Lord Mayor of - London see the mischief which wonld follow this measure. We, still cherish the hope that the levy of the baen over sixteen years of age for preparing for battle may not be needed. The bill may be killed in committee, or die in the Upper House. 'Pbe Battles.— The week has been an exciting one in Sydney, owing to the snspen- slon of some of the bist of the banks, rha panic apparently affectad, bnt in a diminiahol degree, the other banks, although they were well known to be prosperons and sbnnd. .What appear ad to be most nnreasonable was the ran on the Savings Bank of New Sonth Wales, which certainly was known to possess ample means to meet any emergency. One of the featnres of the panic was the tendency of depositors to withdraw their money from the ordinary banks, and to deposit it in the Government Savings Bank. The fear is that as the Oommercial Bank of Anstrslia, the A. Joint Stock Bank, and the Englieb, Scottish and Anstralian, &o.;, Vrere abont to " reoon- strnot," the other banks wonld have to do the same; to eqnalise the conditions. No doubt a good deal of the difficulty prevailing is bronght abont by the " bears " of the money market depreciating cslonial seonrities, so as to bay in cheaply again to sell when prices rise. 'Fbe Jubilee.— The featlvltlea of the Pope's Jnbilea have been as magnificent as we expected they wonld be. For once too;- the old Pope has left the seclnaion of hia prison- honae and trodden Italian soil, for he has entered the grand basilica of St. Pater's. Knowing the place we can easily picture the gorgeona spectacle, crowned by the epicions arc of Michael Angelo'a dome. There ia also a tonch of historic appropriateneas which will catch the fancy of many English folk, in that Cardinal Vanghan haa for his Church at Bome, St. George's, on that Coelian Hill from whoae monastery Angnstine was dispatched on his misaion to CantBrbary,and whose dark- haired monk, Gregory, was so struck in the Bome market-place with the fair-haired, bine- eyed Angles from Yorkihire, who were ex posed for sale. The Cardinal also, in St. Peter'p, went down the steps before the High Altar,> round whose marble balustrade are the little braes cups, with their single-light wicks each ever hnrning, and prayed before the supposed coffins of St. Peter and St. Paul. We have touched the dark brown wood of these, and seen the ladies have their bangles blessed by being pressed against the boards. The Pope has had a polite telegram from our Qneen, and it is said that Cardinal Vanghan, on his way home, will call upon her Majaaty at Florence. No doubt ha will receive the same hospitality there he wonld . have at Windsor, and nothing more. What amount of unofficial or semi-official anthority the Duke of Norfolc may have to act as envoy from the English Government we should: like to learn. Deluded.— Mr. W. Stead, praprietor bf the Review of Reviews, and keeper of the Nonconformiat conscieace, has become an out- and-ont Bpiritaalist- an avowed prophet of the ocoult. He solemnly telle us that when sitting all alone at his editorial desk the ghosts of the dead lean over his shoulder and impel hie pan and baud to write mystic spirit messagee to the materialised world. 