(£hiibrm's Column. AN OLD FRIEND. In Qelober, 1883, when cruising off the north of l>ie\v Guinea, we ran one day into a big school of whaiee, and lowered four boats. The bow boat ran up to a big one, and the uoateteerer hove his irou, but it drew out again. 1 his roused the school, and before any of the otnsr bojife could get fast they cleared. Just then I signalled from the ship for the boats to reiurn and tackle another school in eight close to tne ship. Three boats got down among them, and the fourth mate's fastened to a big bull. He sounded at once, and the other two boats drew up so as to ba near bim when be rose, for then his mates would gather round and every boat be sure of getting fast. C'Siis fellow was a long while sounding, and the officers in the other boats eagerly watched the trend of the line from the fourth mate's boat as it tore into ihe OC6M1 depths. At last the huge head of the stricken whale broke water. He was surrounded by many others, and the third mate's boat darted in and got fast to a medium-sized one. The instant this latter felt the sting of the iron he made a streak lor the fourth mate's boat which was still fast to the big bull; sinking under her he rolled, belly up, with his lower jaw on one sideat the boat and his "junk" (upper jaw) ots the other, aaa crushed her to matchwood. Of course the moment the terrible jaws were visible the crew sprang overboard, and by miraculous good luck escaped the fate of the boat. Having done for one boat tho whale settled down, flukes first, to about 30 fathoms, and, parhaps remembering that the harpoon buried deep into him, with the line attached, came from the third mate's boat, he rose under hsr, bit her bows off clean as far as the bow thwart, and dived again. A11 hands at onoe sprang out of that boat, and had barely got clear when up he came again, and bit off another six feet of the craft. Then, taking no notice of the two crews struggling in the water, he darted off towards the only loose boat, that of the mate, and rushing head first at her. opened his awful jaws and made a savage snap, but missed, his teeth merely tearing the outside of the planking as the orew sterned her off. The mate, who stood his ground coolly, watched the brute shoot his head right out of the water as he missed his bite, and then picking up his bombgun, the officer fired a lance square into the great broad chest. When the shot struck the whale he was in a perpendicular position, his flukes deep down, and showing the upper part of his body clear out of the water. Two, or perhaps three, seconds elapsed, and the bomb was heard to burst inside the mighty frame. It shook him sorely; he quivered and trembled, and then, throwing himself flat ou the water, he went into the agonies of hiB Surry, rolled over, and gave up his greasy ghost. Meanwhile the socond officer's boat had come up after rescuing the crews of the third and fourth mates' boats, and then the chief made a bole in the dead whale's nib (nose) for a towline, the lines were cleared, and be was pulled by the two boats to the ship. Now, here is a curious thing. On stripping off the blubber near the "small" the sharp spade struck against a piece of iron. The junk of blubber wan hoisted on deck, and it was found that the iron was one of our harpoons that we had fired into that identical whale about twenty months before when cruising off Wangi "Wangi in October, 1SS7. How could we prove it? Very easily. Every harpoon is branded with the ship's name, and the boatsteerer, whose particular iron it is, also puts biB private mark on, so as to avoid dispute by another boat claiming to have struck a whale first. The mate had fastened ia that same whale nearly two years before, as you will see by the log, in the Moluccas. The iron, however, struck him too far aft in the "mail," and just as he sounded he gave a furious kick, which snapped the iron of the shank—a most unusual thing. But then the blow was so sudden and of such terrific force that I suppose it broke like a carrot. Well, he got cleau away, and yet, here off the north cf New Guinea, and in the Pacific Ocean, 1,800 miles from the place where he got bis first touch of cold iron, and after an interval of nearly two years, he fell foul of us again, and chawed up two boats to show us ho hadn't forgotten the unpleasantness that occurred in the Moluccas.—J. B. Cabpenteb, in N.Z. ifaU. FEATS OP CLEVER YOUNGSTERS. Five-years-old-Mozart, if all be true that is related of him, was a remarkable example of precosity. At that age be composed a piece of music eo dillk-ult that his father, a professional musician, could not readily play it. "Oh," said five-years-old, when his parent remarked upon the difficulties presented, "it »V tn leerKed. It 2Off tins way. Sitting down to an insrument, the precocious youngster proceeded to give his father a lesson. Shortly afterwards a violinist being required for the performance of some I cna.rubw music, young Mozart begged permission to take the part. " You 1" cried hiB father, "how cin you? You have never learned the violin."It needs no study for that - returned the boy, who attended the p«rfo.'inance and played second violin without a hitch. Samuel Wesley also was a prodigy. Ia tig eighth year he composed a march for one of the regiments of guards. This work has recently been published with several other juvenile productions. There is a mezzotint engraving extant, in which he is represented as pretty little boy standing at a pianoforte >lear him lies a book, inscribed, " Job: an Oratorio, by Samuel Weslev." Or seven-years-old Schubert, his master, Michael Halzor, eaid that be had never had such a pupil, for " whenever I wish to explain something new to him I find that he knows it already, so that I often stare at him in silent astonishment." At eleven, Franz Schubert was composing songo, string quartets, and pi?ces for tbe piano. But many of the great composers and instrumentalists were juvenile prodigies. Two - years - old Vieuxtemps's favourite amusement was scraping the strings of a tiny fiddle with s bow. At four he commenced his musical studies in earnest, and so delighted a wealthy amateur that the gentleman placed aim under Lecloux. At eight he was assisting his master in a concert tour through Belgium. iluie. Norman-Neruda at eight was playing concerted pieces with her brother and siater in the principal cities of Germany. " Thank you, madam, the agony has abated, said four-years-old Maoaulay, when Lady Waldegrav© enquired if he felt better after a footman had spilled some hot coffee on his bare legs. When his mother told him that lie must study without the help of bread and butter he replied—" Yes, mamma, industry shall bo rny "bread and attention my butter." Before fie was eight he had written a "Compendium of Universal History: being an account of the leading events from the Creation down to the present century;" also a " Defence of Christianity, tor tbe use of Indian Missionaries." He knew Scott's "Lay of the Last Minstrei" and " Marmion" by heart; and he had commenced a poem in six cantos, "The Battle of Cheviot," which he dropped to begin " Olaus the Great, or the Conquest of Mona " All amazing boy. But Macaulay by no means stands alone m literary precocity. Hartley when quite a little fellow wished to write a book on the "Mature of Man." Bacon when a boy commenced a work on philosophy. Milton at twplve wrote epic poems; at fifteen he composed hiB ixnm on the Gunpowder Plot, with other productions in verse "that have led an eminent critic to say of him. "Milton's writings show liim to have been a man from ms childhood. Byron at twelve wrote a poem which lie describes as "tbe ebullition of a passir.n for my first cousin. Margaret Parker." At; lirteea he wrote many of the poems pubbsaed under the title of "Hours of Idleness. ' 