ST. ANDBEU'S A'E1\' 1'EESBY TESIAK CUVRCIl. LAYIXG OF MEMORIAL STOSE. The ceremony of the laying of the founda tion stone of the n«w St. Andrew's Presby terian Church, took place on Wednesday adherents of the church. Th« lfev. Dr. Hay, before the proceedings cumnienc.t, read a letter from tile Rev. A. Richards, statin: that he was sorry that he was unable tn be jireseul on the occasion, and wishing the church even' success The proceedings commenced by singiug the hundreiltli I'kilm. 1 'raver ni tlien offered by the Rev. i. F. Henderson, after which the Kev. J. Clover read a |wrli.iu of the eighth chapter of the n'rsl b-jok of Kings. Mr. W. M-lL.»iumi read the following sketch of the history of the con^rcgautm : —The establishment in IS.1S uf the luwur.hi|. of Rockiiauijiton, by tin' w tth.ti.iii! ..f mi:,, rs and others on the It., k* -I the 1-iu.my ih ?ralducM, wu booll^folltmi'd by an -liull'lu institute religious worship ,m tin.- L f.i= I ay. The chief }u.rt in iuiliuliii- uu.l cunductiu^ public worship in thus.- early .lavs w.is taken ty Mr. William Johu ISruun, Sub-culL- dor of Cushion,, 'ii.i lia.f in-.-n a memoir of t!,, Presbyterian Church oi Ireland, and »!,., with characlctutic Pruebyuirun Morality read prayrn, fium the 1'ilyer llook of the Church of KugUiul. The tiiaw* « ll.rc tervice was held previously lu '.be eicc'i.m of a buildiuj; for tlie pur|Hm-. »tr. Mr. John Waiter K.i-i '.nid Cwi',piil\S «'.,u! tu.°.' UMT^IM Ibi- FilZI..V lil- id,'i-.' Ml. Ak'Ull.l.'I C,niut'= now Mi', .luhnetou'* liuil-er v^rd and, at a wmeuhal latw date, the Court' House. Ill tl:o* -l.vs 'ail lln.! b.licvol »i-rt -oj;i'lli.T, jalj.J 1,1.1 all Iliill^ l..n- a biuldii^ »'«- .'.v.rt,'i l.y ^Jbiic^iX as a' d.y .clio.,1 ' .n.d '.' 'c..-ii:u..a! place uf nc,nhi|i. This buihlin-. M.,-,-1 I on the laud now l,ulo:.^ii,- f, ll,c Ai.-ii- ? ran Chnri.Ii, ai.,! »j» ullii.i^nly h-it i.j ibe l-jlc u ui llul di- iiul-.iiuitii.il. fc.rlj in Mnv 1S61, llic l:ev. Saiuu.-l Kelly, lirrf .1 niiiiUU'r rf the i'r^i,y-.ii^-i Cliuicn ..f ii.Li-.l, au.| Ibeu uf li,,' Vicliui^u Cbul.-li. aj-ii.t.l ;.[ Kockbaui|.i.«i, and on the iSlli' dav ??! that mouth a |jul.licli...lin-..f lU- inlui'.il..:!!, of Kockliail.pt..!. U.l-.-.l.v-l.i.f. Wl'lh ,(.-I.|| J.11 .line K^.. I-..::.'.: M ..??.-?,-...,-, ::, t!,..- ,-',,i,-, .., which it »a, i,,.,h.,l 1.. ii.-.- iii. iv. li-. ,. cordial ut-l.-oiu.-. ..ud to like M.-p- I1...1- -:ii i-v ft i'mbytcruu Cimicu. 'Jlie folluv.ii.-.: ^vuilc jnen were appointed a committee to cany ont the renolutious of die tnecting, viz., Messrs. John Palmer, Robert M. Hunter, William John Brown, Richard M'KeliigeM, .Times B. Ross, Alexander Grant, Charles Pybus, ana j Andrew Bertram. At the first meeting of ; this committee it was resolved, inter alia, tint Mr. Kelly's stipend be £30U per annum, '? ilut a small farm of, say, ten acres be purchased at the upset price, upon which to erect a Manse,' and tliat the following gunllrmen be appointed trustees to hold the gionuii granted by the Oovernuienr, viz., Jobn Jardine, WiUiam John Brown, Jamcb i Landsboroush, 1'ctcr Macintosh, and Johu Palmer. The project of purchasing a farm of tea acres rnts not carried out ; iMit the Government of New South Wales having pre viously to the Separation therefrom of the colony of Queensland, ' promised to grant to certain people called Presbyterians, consected wilb tnt; Established Church of ^Scotland ' certain land in Rockhampton as a site for a I'reshvierian Church, couiu.unicaiious, «|K-iiwi iu ISA) with the 4xovcrmnent of -Juct.'GsIaud, resulted in tbe irnutL 011 the 7th Septvm'oer, 1SC1, to the Trustees alruve named, uf allot ments 1 and 2 of section Go of the U)«u of Rockuaoipton, being togef her one acne in area ? the land on wbich we aiv now asaeiiibl^d — ** for the erection tbcieou of a church under thesuptfrintendraceof the Synod of Australia, in connection with the Established Cliurcu of Scotland- ' Mr. Kelly entered on his uiinibtry on the 1st June, IN6I. The oriental lust of subwa-ibers to his stipend contains 71' names, reprepentifig all denominations, the amount 5Ubscrib«l being &!79 ts. In the course of Mr. Kellv's miuUtry a church 40fict 1-v -JOfevt, the uoeious of tbi- pruacul v.uoiku building, was creeled at a. -:-jst 01 ITITt*, and a inanse at a coat of £-246 -'.s. Mr. Kelly rcsigucd bis chai^ze on the 'lad Ftbruitry, IS04. On the -J5tb Noveml^r, 1SU3, liie sevetai branches of the lYrabynTiaa Omrcfa nyn. sented in Qui^usland were unit, d alul fonnvd into 'The Presbyterian Chuich of y.ieens lan.l,'' and the congrct^-itiou .-' Kockhauif-L.il. with its mtoister. wa» iuaoi j.t»ri.tcl tlicrcit itlt. Shortlv after. Mr. Kcllv'^ rcsi^ual.i*Mi. the Rev. Alexander Camplwli Smith, fonmrly „! the Free Church at Indian, Scotland, was ap pointed Jo preach for ui-lit Sabbath*. Mr. Smith receive.1 aud acci.-pli-d a call, aud whs inducted into tbc paslorate oi the coiigrt. gation on the 1st April. 1SC4, the stipend pr-»- mised to him being ££-?-! [icr annual. L'udvr Mr. Smith's niitiistry ibe oougn.-g»tiou jwt* peretl. The arisinal church was enlarged iu 1806 by the addition of a trausrpl, 3* icit by a». The cnlirgcd churcli was tiilc.1 : but fur v-arions personal and f«»-t!y rca^ous Mr. Siittilt resigned bis charge on tile iilb ^.-jjIuiiiIki-, 1S6S. The vacancy thus caua.il was of tb.irt duratiou. On tlie Kith ileeeinlK-r *-f the same 3-car the ll*-v. Jjtuica Carson, a licentiate of the l'rcthvlcrian Cburuh of Ireland, was call.-.!, and inducted into tbc charge of Knckhainptou by the late Kev. Alexander IVoodfoot, of Uudetow. Tlw stipend proaiised to Mr. Careou was ££M per annum. Mr. Carsou's ministry e\teuded over a period of nearly six years : and in the coaree of it the Church property was further improved by the erection of a x'esiry. ruL-d up as a library' and study for the tiiinUter. Mr. Carson resigned his charge towards the end of 1ST*. For over twelve niiMMiM the pulpit was supplied rjrst bv the llev. \V. L. Nelson, L.L.H., of Toowoninln, and u.-xt l.y the Rev. lliomaa C-rauj, cf Ipswich, un.i oil.crs. In 1S7.» tb- materials of' the Man»-. H-faich haA become dilapidau-d. wer.- s.il.1. i.nj the pmceeds placed to the credit of a fund f-jr the erection of a ucw MaUEe. Ou the li)lh Xovewlw, I87o, a call wa- (riven to tlie Ki-v. Alexander Hay, M.A., of South !$i*la:ie, previously of Leitholm, IWrwic^hiru, and of Ijoston Church. Cunar, Fife, in tin- United 1'rei-bylcriaii Church of Scotland. Ibe sti[wn-! firotaienl to Jlr. H*} mr tt'Hi j«r tLDnuiur increase'! iu 1SS0 to £4' HI, anil a rceidcuce. Mr. Hay. linii,' accept, d the cill, began lii^ iiiin^l.y at Kuck liatnptou OB Sabtnlli the litli March. Ih7«. In SejitcmlH.T, liS, ,, the ou-rt-jjali.m re solved to proceed to the elvction of a Manse. This, along with ulhcr iin|.roveuicuis ou tlie church property, tv.i* accotiiplia-lft-l iu the onursc of next vcar at a oust of 11001 l:U. lid., tu wbk'hliad toU-ad.k-i iutcrect on fMiiti-ins ..f tliis tulii not liuallv r.-aLi»e.l -„:!,! 1SS.-., brinuiti' ll(. the total cm tu tltiii' 10s. 6.1. In ihcir.canliii..- '.U- church, which hi.1 1.,-cu vnlarucl iu Isi'm;. bad aimin Ik^.uic I..' Miiali. au.l iu ISvi accoii.iu.niatiou !..r ik-«!-1-' on.- l»ir,,liv.l fB|-.-oii6 was adilul by the alnioii ..I the liateoilhrchumi from ?JO t.. :W fret. TV co»t .it' thi.- was tiiBt s.. On ih,- tlih February. ISS4. tin- .v.-natus ,.f tilt- ClllVcrsilv ..| St. Ali.lr.-Hi- .-cutiali.- resolved to ciufcr ..ii .Mr. Ha\ tire .L-tvc of lloct..rin Diviuity. and a lev. ? ,Uy» linrc after the ongrepalioii ^iaulf.1 ti. him leave uf absence for ,,rai nmi,tii-. i,t -u,iMc i.in. tu visit the old country, and hii.-h.I, iis il,, llcle-aIeoft!,c-;ciLcr.'.i .\«..i.-l.;-. . tl. .- 1 ...ii, r,,i C-iaucil ..! l!ie I'rv.Ut-.i.!-: . i,ii,-.i.m a. ,\ I fitst, and tl.c -ari..iis' .'-yii.fis anj A-uul. k nftlicyear. The cuiiti- -aiii.u no; unlv ..iai.l.-d Dr. Hay full ,ti|K-n.l. but a',., 'i,:uvi.-,-.l Sun,.ly f.,r tl,.- ,,,ii|-ir. .I.,,;-,- i,i- .J..,.:,t,. | In tli-- ywr Im,, i:,.-,.:.Jr|,eiil-. ..1 lie «.,.,- I un.-ua'.ion Ma.- .-...lur.ii ,[ eik.-,l iv ll.c »ith.lraw.-l of .-. uuiiil.-r ..f I.i.-ii.b.-r, and! wparatv- coinjivguioii. l»urin-_. the' pji i.'.d i ll,..t 1. -?» .-ii..-u t-l.,|-~.d ll:e c..:^r. -^.ti.,.. bus' Kradnally ivo.ve.e.l iu wr.^tli ,,,U f.,us- ] peril}-, aud iu Hie curbe ul 1SMI variuus !'EdpV.''r,y'»i''tJ'li '.'.rf 'i*s' ™f' i liHttin- ..I ih.-cnyn^ati-Hi held ..u tli.- -.?.V.b i «f A|.ril, 1NJ1. i! w.is re,,lved that ill.- | MylldVr'^.Vl';! ??-'.'.?.Ji.Tn.i, .-.W..'.'!.!1',! ',^ ! ».^ .!.:!- ralili-l i,V u.e lV.,i,Vle. -,. M.i.Tv- ! 1»... y-.i- ha..- e!,.|-.i H,.e,' 11.: con-r.-.'... ' t.-.ti 'i tli-. ..; ,.: -.-..., !„..,., i,.j. i,, ,i.t ; t..a:s.- ... !„.- ,....-, K..ai:a-,i,----;i ii.i pn.vill tl-.Ml a vi:!,_-. of t,.,,,- ,.,'„ dtv ,.l . uiei UXW iiilwbiuuu, «ilii public 'and private edifices to correspond ; and the Prfebyterian Church has grown with it- Of those who took part in (he formation of this con£ro£*tiou in ISol, some have migrated tn other parts of Australia, or to uioru (Ustant laildS} some worship with other churches ; many ' arc fatleu asleep,' but there are still a few ' who remain nnto this present,' find arc here with ns today. Tlieir presence helps us to link the sacred assoctauons of the past with the efforts and the aspira tious of tlie present. lotted of tlie fathers there Ijavc risva up trie childn-n, aud tllese in tlieir turn shall hand ou their work to the generation following. Jems Christ, the King and Head of bis Church, is the same y«%terday, to-day, and for ever, and bis work never ceases. It ib our earnest prayer that of tbe building we are now erecting it may ever be aid 'Surely the Lord is in this place. '' ' £*t thy wort appear nsto Iby servanrs, and thy glory unto their children. And let the lieauty of our Lord our i;od be npim us, and e-taWisfi thou the work of our hands- u;wn us ; yea, tbe wort of our bands establish tbnu it.' Mr. Faiiuljukn, Hon. Trensnrer of the Church, read the following report of the BniUiiig C-otunultee: — 'It is on' nearly ten years fcince the pn.ject of erecting a new church was mooted. At the time the proposal was first made thvre still rested a debt of oearlv £400 on Ibe Manw-, mid it was felt that tlie removal of Lh=u dul-t should take precedence of any otht-r vlfor', niorv eslieci^lly as tbc diur.-li had recently beew cularped and otijerwise ii« provod. When at lenjzth. in 1SS5, the debt was extinguished, n su.-cebsion of adverse .-ircun. stances. BC!*iiw*fl atl.-^tittj; the business »i Hockli.-if»pto» and the sun-onnding district, appeaicil to make the initiation of tlie work inopportune. l*hc matter, however, was not lot.t sicbt ol', and f rum time to time tbe project y.is wilt Hal ni at n»et.-tiagsof tbt-cOD^rrpgation. On £Kth Ui-tober, 1MM. at a nutting of tbc C4.ni3¥-:aliroi, the Itcv. Ur. Hav annonnoed thai the Hon. William Pattison, M.L.A., bud HutboiidC-J bira to pruiiiise on his twlulf ?l feiibscriptiou ot UltXHt tuwanls the eructiou of a m« clmrcli. Thi* jzenerous offer was ^ratcfuliy i-.cceptcd, au.l a emmm'ttec H'a£ Hppf'iulcd to take the i«-ce*%ary 6te{)S ior obtaiuin? further subscriptions. A preliuii nary ditiiculty. however, had to lie cleared awav. Hie ..rij^ioul tiiidUfb of the land bcloaciug: to the c-iu£rc£atiou wctl- all dead, and iu Jaw tbeir trust had devolved npon Mr. Kecs K. Jones, executnr of liie late Mr. l'ctcr Mnciutosli, the last t-urvivor. Xew trnstcct. had Ikx.ii uuniiaaUil l.v the, congregation, aud approved of hy t!»- IVieabyt'-jy, bul for reasons special to the history of the deed of £iaat, tbvy cnuld not be iuvoi. .1 nith the trust tbcrrfore f.uiinl ncc-ssary !r- pru.iml.-ii Hill in l'arli;uiK-£t 10 oluaiu thU authurily. ThislUU was l-asec.l, and Ix-dine -The St. AudreuV l'rcsbylciian-'hurcii ..f Kackliamplou Act of IS'Jl.' Thi- Act rax alkitiiwuli 1 and 2 oi section -m of tbe town of Houkhamptou, in Messrs. Willi.ni Vallisnu, Alexander Ueikie, aud U'illiam Karus, and their sne cetisot^ iu ^ifiicc, **acvor^li:i^ to the usages and re^uhiti«-us of tbe l'rcsbvtcriau Church of Queensland ;' aud provides for tbe sale, mortgage. «ir h-asc of the whule or any [»rtion or portions of isat.1 land ' witb the curiscnt -tf tbc 1'rcsbytcrian Church uf Quucusland iu lieneril AaseiiiblvconrlilutwI.' In themcan timcthe Building Comiuiiu..- bad ln^n pmc cutiui: the work of obtaining ^ulwripti-itis. In this they were tonally a»Ul«l, first by the vuunj; ladu-s of the congregation, who held'a Fancy 1'air iu lS'.t.l. which yielded tll7 1-»S., and !at year l.y the Udics tit tile conjirc^puiou yajlej^liiv, whose liazaar added C24O to tin: UuildiuL' Fund. Iu tbe course uf last year the Kuildin- Com miltee. bavin;: already rcalis,^l tbe sum oi about £lZ*n), awd /wiljt-r {*rnMiis«. brinuiu^; up ibe aKiouut to ncarlv CUnVi. felt jusiiii-d iii iuvitin' co.n,x.-titi« piuus for liic buildiiiji. CK*crLn«,-iity jitins uert seitl in. 7'Lese Mtrt't; suhmiUtvi t-/ a Cdrit inutLv of experts, »-oii-istin^ -if Moai-. K. H. Suhmiili, J. \V. Wilson, au.l I». Anii^ironfi. Their verdict, iu view of tlie' insiructious j*ivea to architects bj* tlw BuiMin^ Coui uiitttc, was uuaiiiiiioubiv ci\\*cu iu fa.v.mr -if s\ pUm which was found to have l-ecn sul.mitu.-d by Messrs. Vuller and (Jraliain, archilccls, Ijrisbaue. In due- coui-t- tt-u.lers w\'iv callctl f..r, and Uic lowest, tlialof Mr. Waller A. Lawson, contractor, ltockhampton, wa« ac crpled. Mr. Liwson undertook 10 vri-cl the churcli, without ti.t- t..u«-, in brick aud cement, for the ^um v! £i-li 13s. 3d., aud with the tov.i-r lor £M\\- additional. The l;uiI.linK C.«...i,ill.v l,,Iieve thai the cb.livh ul,«i c..ni|.!cl..l uill b..- i-Mc-i.a]ly a wurti.v addition In Uic ,.ub!ic buibbu;:, of Kuck lnuipl.m, iiH.linl.iii.illycuiiiieutlysuilBJ f..i the t.ufjv.-..- ..: li.l.iic ». .1=1,1,.. Tu tiuUb! ami futuk.li it He lit- »t- [inqk..- ?« a..--'it-li!iK to ilic plau, which incl.i.i.i, a chand..-r fur a jiip.- j \ |,L; li.v:- ..l.v.;.!y '/',-. .-'ritr'.l v.iil'u rcjiii™^ m.'LSv'l and isi's'., l'-''Jral'fiilly 'nXIl li.al iu li'.-i uf ii- ci.-ction Uith a L, il au.l a luu.-r uiuc^ l.:.iv l.-^-.l pi-uu.i-.Hl. il In- 1,-cli tl,. praefi..-, us ic lias U-.-n u-.u.hil av Ciiikli..n..i'i7i.-anc.-V. liitliunluallilijfwawi'-. lint* lllcC luJmU-n, .'f th'eU'chriL'liau''cu!n' iinjiiiiy in KucUi.u:ip!un 1m vc ilu-ayn sbunu .. -v,,i|,i,h,.uc aud practical iulcivo in the c-vcliou of i-a.-b other's church buildings,1 .-ucli b-.iiMii?-'!, nJjcu «v.rl't}--»f liie tmrTn*e l..r which lliey ..re cnci.a, helj, Iu beaulily tb.- eity ii, which we live. Tl.ev «.-.ve the in;i,,-l'.,f oil ]mh[«-.-- in .-uuuectiuu with iji. u-':^![ij. */t ---'(. j.-i-J iiic it:f^Lc)iiiifi .if llic utlllisoi ..ill* ciuiiiilutl t'llri^lialiity. We feel assured, lira, that we have the cordial good] wisher of all onr fellow Christians in tbe work on wbich we have entered. We have gratefully to acknowledge many spon taneous and generous gifts already received, l«it we feel assured thut these arc noly the pledge of what is Jut to come. It is oar earnest desire to open this church 'owing no nun anything but to lore one another,' and we fed confident that our hope -mil be ful filled. Tbc memorial atone was then bid by the Rev. Dr. Bar, Minister of the Chnrcu. Ueforo doing bo 1 -r. Bay read a list of articles placed in the bottle tn be inserted in the stone, and which had been incased in lead and bermotically sealed. These were a copy on parchment of the Aetch of the history of the church read by Mr. M'llwrailh, and of tfie report of the building counmit-«e read by Mr. Eairbaini ; printed reports of the concrt tii.D for tbe yean !M», J!-91, and JS92: B copv of the sermon entitled 'The Present Truth,* delivered by l)r. H»v, at Hobart, when, an retiriiur Moderator, he opem.-d the the Federal Assembly of 1889, and h» address on ' Presl,yu-rianism, its l'tinripk*, and Mission,' delivered by him at Hrisbanc, as Moderator of the Quecasbuid tieneral An -wniMy of 1893 ; and copies oi The Htmimtj liuWliu and Dnilu Smtiern Argun of tbc day. Mrs. Macintosh thro addressed Dr. Hay, and requested liim in name of the committee and lite congregation }» lay ibe jDemorigl stone, at tire same time presenting him v-ith a silver trowel for that pnrposr. Or. Hay then deposited tile lead ca*od Imltie an Ujc cavity prepared for it, when the ?.tone was lowered into its place and the level adjusted. Dr. Hay, tappuu: tlie stone three times w-iih the trowel, said : J declare (his btouc welt and dniy laid, iu the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. May it be to tbe glory of -iod, an,! tiH- lionour of our i ord awl Savionr Jesos Christ. Turning u, Mrs. Jlacjnt.isli. and presenting her witb tbe trowel, l-r. Hay said : Mrs. Macintosh, I have to thank you for the honour you have done he this day, and I i-o»- beg you tn accept this trorel in memory of jour father, Mr. William John Itrown, tbc chief fuuodcr, and one of the first trustees of file congregation, of which 1 have the honour to be Minjsu-i, and in memory of your husband, Mr. I'eter Macintosh, who also was one of tlie first trustees. In this I feel assured that t have the bearty approval of all tin; members of tbe Buildup Com mittee, the tMSE&ion;, and tbe Committee of Management of the whole congregation. Dr. Hay addressing loose present em tinned : The papers that hare been read i,v Mr. M'Uwraitb and Mr Fairbairs hare placed beforb you tbe leading facte in thcluslory of tbc congregation of St. Andrew's Uiurch, and of the movement for the erection of a new churcli, whose inception and progress, as shown by die walls before you, have brought us together today. Tbe few words I lave to add will relate not to the Pnshyleriar ''inrcii in Rwkluuupton, or tbc building in j. ..ii it worships now or shall hereafter worship, but to tlie Presbyterian Church as a whole, and as a section of the great holy Catholic Church of t*ur I»rd Je?us Christ. It is cot unusual for peoplc to speak of this congregation as the Scots Church, and not a few suppose tliat the I'resbyicrian Church is a peculiarly Scots institution, that it originated brior^ Nonts meu. and continues to eKujt ouly in virtue of Scottish bigotry and pertinacity. I wish to say a few wor»ls with the view of disnclling those mistaken notions. In antiquity, in extension over the world at the present day, and in the services it has reudcred in the history of the nation aud the world, the IVesbrterianCiiurch takes a place which, to use tbe inotlo of a famous !5cQlliKh rr-giincut, is **riecond to none.' Let me sjieak of tbe age of our church. John Knr.K was not its founder : uor was his master and friend John Oalvin. We claim as a churcli an anocs ry far higher than that. We claim to represent in thoir faith, anil the essenlials of their polity the IVaidenscs t-i the mirtdlc apes, who amidst the /a:,-lni-?Gs of the Alps exemplified their motto, 'Tlie light tshiucs in darkness,' and who still dis daiu the name of Protestant, for they eristed as « chiirdi for u-cll sigh a thousand years More the diet of Spires.. We chini to re presi-nt the true church of .Si. Patrick and St. Columba, the church of St. Alban aud bis WI.I* Martyrs, Wore I'aUadios w Au^tistiuc of Canterbury bad set fwi't on Irish or British soil. In her doctrine, regarding the plan of Salvation, the Presby terian t hurch counts Aagustiuv of Hipjio a^ one of her early fathers ; and Paul oue of her chief d.icturs. Aud if 1 s]-eak uf her polity and discipline Iheu the iinoslk- of the Ccutiles and his brutlirr AposUe I'cteriiiual take tlie place under Jesus Christ that Iiu iK-en popularly assiguid to Calvin and tinox. We claim tbe Apostle Paul was a Presbyrerian ; and there ia no aeeti therefore for our proving that we ]«iss=s the true Ajwslolic succc=siou. TU-re were Imig dark apx, during which, ibe Pivsliy i.rUn Church, witli its ductitues of free t'rat.'. h.i popular govcruincnt and its Kiniplc bcripuiml worship, had lain bmk-d and out .,f sight uu,ler the iiidunict: «f '''-' ^g-iiitu.l .luuiiuation of Koine. liut llic l;.-!..i;i;;itio!j brought apun to light and 10 n'lcsii, au.l vigurous life, the church of the Allies and of the early centuries. The t-mbicai of tbe burning bush, aud die legend lli.a r.-ompauies it 01. tbc seals of all the s.-cti--u-i uf the church that have sprung from Scotland— .V.-- Imitai Con««mcl«JKr-^and yet it was not enusumed, tcils at once of its rc Kti.-citation at tbe Hefonuarion, and of the futile attempts that have liccn made to crush it since ** Ever in the flames and evergreen, and yel it is not consumed.' We arc to place thixcuil/lcm -m the- ft oue that has l*een just laid. .Impaled on St. Andrew's cross, it will tell of die home chui-cl.es which the 1'resbyUrians of Queen ^Utud reckuu iL.ir spiritual mother:* ; Jlio ttara of sin- ,s. -jtJicm Cross, Ujus cim Jiletiug the seal ot the Australiau churches, will tell that under another constellation than the Great Bear of the northern sldfifi We pnnuc tbe same fraud alma and we cherish the same glorious traditions for which oar Where Wed **& dicd- 'k?*'1 let TOe BPcaW to vou a »wd of (be extension of tbc Presby tcriui Cunrcb. Let me transport you, in injapnano11* to Toronto, in Canada, vrtterc in September of last year, the great council of Si Presbyterian Churches throoghont the £orld «*s* held. Listen to tbe roll of tbe deputies as it is called J»y the general *ecre tar--. There answer to tbeir jxawes repine (taiativos of t'resbyteruiuiein from England, Scotland, Ireland. Wales, Canada, the United Staiea of America, Australia and New Zea land, and Sooth Africa, aiwl a score of other Briiial) colonies. The representative* of the Hucuenots of France an there, the Wadoisof Piedmont and Italy, the Protestants of lienuany, and the i^wiae Caatoas, the struggl ing churches of Bohemia, the Und of Jobu Hum and Jerome of Prague, Hun pary, Greece, iSpain, aye, And distant Persia, India, China, and Japan. Tliere are repre -entam*vs iJicrc of a chnrch whidi embraces in its tncmliershtp 40,000,000 of people, no incut proportion of the Protestant population »f the K'orfd, «rntcb is reckoned &r; 1 10,00-3, 000. These fact* may l-e to some strung*? nod in lwUuIi: ; bot they arc facts ; and there are others not less remarkable. The Reformation M.-nt meu to the Scriptures for their chorea paVity ami teaching ; and ibe chorcbes of the Kcformation, which have been free to tuouM thnr own forms aud institutions, have with .mt exception adopted essentially tfce IVediybniaa inodel. When John Wcdey was laving down the constitution of tike now piv-u (iciitnuinatioa which bears his Dame, he tlrvw the plan of it on Presbyterian lines* Erctt the crcat Lutheran Churub of Germany and Scandinavia. » essentially Presbyterian, and ihe Anglican Church of Australia, has takwi not a few leaves oat of (he $ct-Uisu Iwtots of discipline Lot me now speak to yon vrry briefly of tlie services which the I'nfehylerian Church has rendered to tbe world. It was from Scottish pnlptfs and nrnfeamv' chairs Jhat die Stuart* tirst heard h proWt against the divine tight of King*. The Presbyterians io tbe Church of England were the ©ppoucuts of the autocratic rule of Hiabcth. The Presbyterians of Scotland played no small or weak patt io the great birugfle with despotism in the seventeenth i-eiitnry. The true leader of the defenders of Ocrry was a Preshyterian, and so were most of his comrades, ami to the etraitest sect of the Scottish Presbyterians, the followers of Uicliard Cameron, for ever belongs the honour of having furnished f root the flower of ilwir yonth the first volunteer regiment that fought for the threat Revolution of 16S8— tbc famous ?J&h.; Wlnl Presbyterian Scotland has done fur education need* not be referred Co. I say }-r-t these things in the spirit of controversy. That b]»rit wonld be out of place in this assemblage. While we KHcve that onr doctrine, discipline, and worship are of apostolic antiquity, we recognise all who love the Lord Jcmis Christ, and pnt their trnsi in Him, as inenibers of Hie Holy Catholic Church rutrJly with ourselrea, whether they ore KjftiicojKilia&g;, Wesleyans, Boman Catholics, Coo^rcgatioualists, or Baptists. I have to thank you, my friends, for yaur attcn daucc here tiiis afternoon. I Cake it as an expression of Christian, brotberiyt and mi-h\iourly interest in onr undertaking. For the office-bearers of the **liurcli, for all its members, and for myself, I desire Io express our appTvria.tlou of y-mr iiiadtmsg. May that charily which ought to cover all our dif ference* ever guide our intercourse together as members of Society, and of the Church of oar Common Lord and Narimir. And may -in,l adil His blcuing with all the words that have been spoken at thia time. At the dose of Dr. Uay's speech, a col fcciiou uas taken ou the ground io aid of the lmiMin*: fond, vben tbe sum of CW Os. 6d. was coniribnted. The I IStli l's*lm, verses ltt'JTi was then sung, and afterward prayer uas offered by the Rev. h. Wilson, «f'tcr which the proceedings were brougbl Io b close by tbe Rev. \\\\\ Ailltcn of Mount Morgan, proQouucinj: the )-etiedicliitu Tiic inscription ou the memorial stone reads as follows :_ Xt c fawn CoH-mtftxttttr. Si. At wire* *s I'resdn ttriaii Chunii. »*« hul on June nJi, mm. h\ Ik llvv. MvwnAvr !la-. M.A.. lt.t»., MiTit^crof U»c wnjnT£a»«m. t.'\'.ii*- iliv Lord Iniild lire irour-c Uil-j Ulroor in **i» fhat iruiW. 1'salm CVAMI, I. lite annual £athcriu£ of the congregation was held in the ehnrch (old buLldiug) in the evening. Tot cbuivh was cro»deii,'an^ Ur Hay pn^sided. In opening the proceedings, Di. Hay said tliey had met nuder circum Mauees wkicli differed from previous annual nievtinjxb. Before they bad only thought of the church as one in a cload, but oo*r tlje vhnrch was by^un and the work was well on. The coutract vime of tuning tho churcli was U;c tith of Februarj' U&t;, but owing to ttie hiavy rains il could not ha began then. The *ork during tbe lasl week or so had beeu verj- alow owing to tbe scarcity of ii.atcriaL A ruiimur had K«t abroad thai the uork at tlic diurdi Jiad been jjuspeuded ttuing to the fuuiU being lucked up in ihe buiksr l»ut ttrraiigtuieuta had been made which cuablcd lltt-ni io iaitj1 ou the building ull zight The eiioir, under the leadership of Mr. F. II. Kavana«b, rendered tJje tsuilata of **TJic drecDal at Springfield/* the words by Louj; fuUuu- and the mubic by Mr. F. U. Kavanagh. Air. Ka,vana.«(i presided at the oi-gau, and Hcrr Hage at the piano. Airs. Brings and Miss Schmidt sang a nolo, and Misses Sclimidt and Ka^-au&gfa; a duet. The cautaU was Very well miiik and r-tiecU.ii the gruatcbt credit upon Air. Kixvtaaph. At the clotfe of thccuitata Dr. Hay read Uie Session report, and the :Sal-Wli .Scbi»»l trport, as foUous .— The year tiiat has just dw«J h*& not Lecn inarked by »uy features rwjuinng special notice. The additions to ilie Comuiuniou Roll have been eleven and the disjunctions have been three. A nnmber of other persons b»ve joined tie coagref^tioa aa adherents, and tbe attendance on ordinances has shown a satisfactory improvement. Fifty children have been baptised. The Session have to note with pleasure the prosperity of the Sabbath School,, and the continued efficiency of the choir, which is largely doc to the &ble; and painstaking inanagemeDt of Mr. Kanmagh. The Literary Society continued its meetings thronchout last year, and vjs well attended, and^ it is believed, was pro ductive of much good. The Session lias ro congratulate the congregation on the fact that tbe work in connection with tbe new church has at length been begnu ; aud they trust that its completion vriU mart a new era of prosperity for the cotigreg&dau;, sot -mlv temporally bat spiritually. The work of the S-ibhath-tchool has been conducted ou fte tame lines fts in former yeara. There has 6een no materkZ chouge in tbe number of teachers, and the attendance of former yeare has becu folly malutaiacd. Prizes or ccrrineates were gaim-d in the -jenerai Assembly's exAininatioa of SaW*«th schol&rs-by; Thomas Hanger, who gajaeA the bny's gold mwlal, one of the two first prizes in tbe examination, Hugh -irai»L, Jcati Murray, Jauc Cochranc, Henry Ocfarune, Percy Wilson, William Joocs, Klizalwth Owriton, Kva. Uunlqp, and John Moor HeJd It is earnestly hoped tbat tbc success of l lie Nabbat h scholars who Itate gone into tiic examinations of fust years, will induce parents to encourage the young to come forward in largiT numbers for succeed ing examinations. Tbe benefits arc l-y no means confined to those whn obtain prizes. Tlie liberality of the menilters of the congre gation, and the kindness of Captain East in granting tbe use of the steamer Vlissttxgeo, enabled the teacberB to make ibe usual cx curMon on the Queen's Birthday. The other working expenses of tbe school have not been folly provided for by the income, hnt it if hoped that the shortcoming of this year will Ik more than made op for in the course of the year tbat has began. Mr. Richmond read the following reports nf ihe Committee of Management ami the Banding Committee :— Toe Committee of Managtraeot again beg to eubnat their annn«l report, and fiiiaacial statement for the twelve ninths ending the 3let of March, 1833, which presents e--nw in ttrre&ttng; features of an exceptional cbar^cter. The general fond« oi the church siauti «s ful lows: — Salance from last J'ear, £3 S& Id. Tbe ordinary income for the yeir lias amounted to £616 ISs 2d., making * total of £622 Gs. 3d. The expewtitnre for the same period uas bees £''!# ids. Si)., JcaWo^ the balance in baud of £H Qs. 9d. In addition to this tliere are «ul ascriptions out standing for seat rents and sus-tcntatiou fuud amounting to about £75, of which probably' £40 may «t considered rood, which, when re ceived, will be available to meet next year'* expenses. It will be seen fruiu this review that there is a alight faHingoff in ouratrtlia^ry income, a considerable amount of which was not received until last month, and in conse. qaencc of this shrinkage tbe Committee of Management regret that they have not been able ?-? pay the whole of the liabilities of the church. The remainder of the law «x - poises, referred to in lh«t year's report, U7 U«. 3d., dnc Messrs. tices K. aod S. .'ones lor their charges in connec tion with tbc Bill passed through 3*arliao)cm vesting the property of the church in tbe ne*v trustces, is stilt unpaid, and the salary of an important officer of the church for the past eighteen innnths (£7»- is also unpaid, making a total torn of £122 He. 3d. of liahilitU-s out standing. The cnuimittee would point ont to ttie tnetiibcrs of the church that tbe scat rents and suliscriptions io the susteittatiuti fund dnc at the dose ot the year but not yet paid, amount almost exactly to tbc sum due to tiic officer of the chnrcb above referred to, and that had the former been paid the debt due to the latter unuld not have existed. The committee would must earnestly rea^uesi the memttcrs of the church to gtre this uiatier serious and early consideration. It is also to be noted tbat the law expenses— amounting iu all to £75 14s. 3d.— of which £25 were |niii last year, form a charge which lies outside *tf the ortlinary expenditure for the support of ordinances, and should have been provided for by a special effort ; but tbe prevailing de pression aud the claims of the new church seemed **- preclude tfic committee from calling on tbc congregation for any such effort since the expens -k were incurred. The com mittee, however, hope that the hicooK* at the congrejration for ibe year on which we have now entered will provide tbc means for settling these claims, as well as for meetitip all other obligations. It lias been eecn forannc time past thai -our present arrangement for realising tbeuubscriptiousof tbt-nicinberb of the congregation are «lefeeti\\-c aud unsatisfactory. Many members and adherents ba.vc no oppor tunity of statedly wHirtbuiin^ f«r lJiesujj i»rt of ordinauccte, while it is believed ihat they would do bo willingly and HWrally, were eucti opportunity aftonled. ^V{rl* ihia view it is propose*! io divide ihe town into tuna)] districts, and to endeavour t*» cocuru tlic affldstaiice of the ladles «f the *.*oiij»rLj!a tion as collectors, so that regular luonttily vr quarterly visits may be paid as may be oun ffldered ad\Taablc, Tlic committee fwl asfitired, from ttie ?.eal and energy shown lij' tbc ladies iu connection with die buiKUug fund, that they will «onlia]Iy take np ibis «urk and carry it out with success. The Building Commit U-c 1m vc much plva sure in reporting that during ttio course of the past year considerable progress bafe bi^en luaule in tbe accumulation of fumU for the new dmrvb. Mr. Win- raiiiBon's *=«liscrip tion of £UKW has Ih-vii receixed, aud (lie IJaTaar held iu the Columbia Kiuk i» -S-|i- , n-mi^r last, yieMctl a mm «f tV4tl, afu-v p.y i»£ all expenses. Tlie folh.winj; i* .i bum ?nary of the ttate of this fund a» it uu\v hXisnUi— | Balance of ImI year .. .. .. .. mk 16 io EiiilAcrit-UanEn.-cvivedtlii£ycar .. .. j«7ti 19 -i Bazaar, net vrcct-1-dt! . . . .. . . gut it Q JKWilc, £.* V i*b- UKL, at b JK.T cent . . t\ 10 7 ground to level of iootpaih . . . si 13 o TruHmxl. «j hand ,ot 31th March, Ititt .. 17.^ IU 11 Invcatcd a*, follow.* - Ilcys! Uai?k -»- f/\t.*} -d-»f»wL* .. £i7;ii- 17 ft a.-.i,~- k; u Iu addition to this trerc arc sul^criptions to tht buildintr fuud iiut^taiiiiin^ oniouDt- iuii to £216 -Is., which cau he called for immediately, and which whvu received will make the total bum available £196$, 17*.. lid. Plans for a new church were advertised tor, one of u-iiivli, ity JUes^ra. YtAler atifJ Hrv.ham, of Ijtiibani.*, was selected. ; Teuders for the contract ttt-corduig to that ' desipi were also called for and the leader of : Mr. W. A. Law sou for a buildiug' «-f ; brick ami planter were acue|-t.eda the price beii]£ i*2;{12. Tire (/-ouintiUeu --f '. Mana^eineut hope to sue the new church i erected within the next sis months, aud that when complete it will be opeui-d Srrv of debc To Eecnrc tliis most detimbie object it Mill U ucce&sary; for the Building runaiuitt^u to resuiue tlieir canvas* iu order to Uic lifting of the *»l*serijrf io»»« proj»is*j^, ami t*- aflord those who havu not yet sul- scril«.-d tin oppor tunity of doing no. To t'muh the church aud furnish it fully for public worship, tlie com fiiitt^ c*mi&*lrT i bat nol Itrsy iltan one thousand pounds will be reiiuirwl in additiou to what liats J«^'u aliva.ly fcH»«crilfCil : but they conlideui ly reckon on tlie zw'tmsi co «rx:i^tiou of all tbe imjmWrs ami adhi-ruuta of the Church, both iu toun an«l emmrry, sr- lion of tlw ntw church **owinir tio inao aui'- tbia^.' Tlte four reports were adopted on the motion of Mr. \Y. Hants. Mr. Rich hum- moved f Imt in order to &* tbe snbscriptionK lo the church in regularly every year, tbc ladies and gentli-mcn shuuld take a division of the louu -*.nd collect tlie sutKcripM'ous in it. Mr. fc'.iiri*:^ sccoadtd there* Je'ionandit wasaflojiit.^ mianiimm^ly, Rvfreshmsnu were (hen bervci, iftw which an an lit em by the chair, a solo bj' Mre. Brigts, and another anthem by tlic choir, brought tbe proceedings to a dose. 