THE LEGEND OF THE CYCLE. Every sport lias its story (says Cycling) but hitherto the chroniclers of oyoling have over looked an interesting legend which doals with a pro-historic period of our universally popular sport; and which many Germans claim as tho invention of tho cyclo by a countryman of theirs. Tho startling events we are about to narrate occurred nearly 250 years ago, and the present is an appropriate timo for retolling. Tho works of Horr Castlmus contain particulars of a remark able inventor — a namesake of the contemporary poot Herkoff — who mot with a tragic end. Unfortunately, tho details are too meagre to alford a reliable record. However, tiie inci dent took place in the reign of Frederick tile Great, who was born at Cologne, on the Spree, iu 1620, and died in 1688. Among other nota bilities in his army was one Herkoff — a watch maker by trade, a soldier by aonscription — famed for his height, which reaohed the goodly alti tude of 6 feet 8inohes. Unfortunately, this made him conspiouous, and in battle lie loBt both feet, and returned to his nativa village and original calling, pensioned by a grateful countiy. Ro- duced to being pushed about in a sort of go-oart by his wifo, who was long of tongue as she was strong of arm, ho set about devising a vehicle in whioh ho could mova about without her help — and abuse. Naturally mechanical bis watoh making Bkill stood him in good stead, and after long toil and many expe riments he at last, produced a machine contain ing a aeries of very strong springs, which could be wound up so as to materially' assist the power generated by his legs — or rather, what remained of them — and his arms. So long had he been abont his self imnosed task that the whole eountry side bocame interested in his schome, and when the oventfui day arrived for a public trial of his machine an onarmaus audionca assembled. Towards evening he turned out, and after ad justing tho springs, oiling up and othor manipu lations whioh always seem necessary on Buch occasions, he started down tho village street, with his better half walking in the rear. At first the cumbersomo cyclo weut stiffly, but the in- vontor was oonfident and between turning on another spring and increased arm powor his spsod rapidly increased and the orowd, suoh as were not nwo struck, an oasy matter in that superstitious age, cheered lustily. The old soldier was radiant ; his wifo was left far hohind. The speed continued to iuorcase— then, toolate, he remembered he had forgotten to provide any means of stopping. "Wildly did he anil to tlio spectators to catoh him, but they wero either too nervous of the infernal machine, as they called it, or it was too quick. It even outpaced the champion runner of tho village, and fire bogan to lly from tho iron shod wheels as thoy bounded over the flinty road. A steep hill in front gavo hope to poor Herkoff, but it was liko a down grade to the demoniacal wheeiB. A party of country Eeoplo returning from a neighboring market mot im at the top of tho hill. Thoy lied terrified as lie rose into the air, aud they watohed him vanish into space. Fearful was the account they gavo of his awful appearance— eyeH of fire, hair grey (it was raven blaak when be mounted tho fated steed an hour earlier), coat tails Dying hohind, with haggard, worn and unearthly expression of oountenanoe. Ou, on spod the magical maokine — nothing could stop it— nothing olieck its wild oourso. Reports eamo in from all parts of the country of people being frightened by a spectre on a flying maohine, rushing through spnoe. At last only a skeleton was left, but the bones held togotker and frantleally worked the machinery, whioh with the lighter weight and absence of friction was seen entering a dense forest in Bohemia months after it started. From this time it was Been hat seldom, though at the begin ning of this century it was often spoken of, and in some very romote parts of the Black Forest even now it is ranked among the many ghosts of that prolific district. Suffico it to say that Herkoff was novor moro heard of — lie did not evon return to claim his patent — so that a olieok was given to oyole invention from whioli it did not rccovor for over two centuries, and evon now a remnant of belief in tho tragio fate of Herkoff is to be found in tho extra etrong brakes fitted to Ger man made oyoles — a point visitors to tlio Father land and manufacturers in this eountry have often wondered at, and whioh is now explained tor th. first timo in an English paper, 