AN AUSTRALIAN IILfflffiRE. BY MRS. A. BLITZ. [An. Eights Resebted.} BOOK II. CONTENTS OF VOL. IL CHAPTER. Yl. Lockptnd Plays a Losing Card VII. Wheel Within Wheel VIII. Larry Shows His Teeth IX, The Saint Victorious X. Scattering Seed on Barren Ground . XL .Failing t-o Stem the Current XII. A Bulwark of Straw - XIII. Mrs. Dripper Fires the Bulwark XIV. Cecil Loskstud *? XV. Father and Son. CHAPTER VI.— CCoNxiNUEa.) Mib. Xiannager's smiling lips -were com pressed, aad her opaque eyes sullen, when the reflected on JeBsie's apathy or in difference when listening to the ringing of her Frank's praises, jet she was deter mined to secure her for her son. j Jessie and her father drove home in /the cab together. After a few momenta of perfect silence, he said — ' You are very quiet.' ' I am tired.*' She was weary indeed. 'Too much dancing,.! suppose ?' ' I did nearly all the playing. I did not care to dance.' : - - : 'And the talking?' ' I don't think bo,' replied Jessie, think ing, that for tontrue practice the palm aig6tf*e~aw8raBd5WM*9. ^Lieeimhgety- bift, L not daring to say as much to hor father, lo whom, -she feared to offer an opinion, believing she was not allowed to have or encourage one, and. wondering why he was so unusually amiable and inclined to con verse with her. ' Well, it struck me you were talkative enough to young Lannager; or was it the other way about?' The question was mildly put, and . sug gested approbation. ? ' I could not heat hall that he said when I was playing.' ? ... Jessie was getting tired of hearing Frank Lannager' s name. It seemed there was to he a sequel to Mrs. Lannager'e late infliction, and her accents now plainly declared her ennui 'That is a pity,' said her father *lesB mildly, in fact with a touch of aggression and sarcasm blended ;, '-because lie is well. worth listening to ; know that. I wish your brother Jack promised to be as much a credit to me as young Lannager has proved to his parents. Frank Lanaager is a reliable man — a mam who will always swim and keep his own head well up as well as other heads depending upon him. He is a first-claes f eUpT^'/ and eeemi to be pretty higii- wrought and fascinated.' . 'High-wroughtand fascinated,' echoed Jessie, with a stolidity so; like her mother's that Lockstud, irritated, made an impatient movement. - ''.'??' ' Yes,' he said, ' you know the meaning of the words, I presume. A poet would say hie heart was throbbing with Cupid's arrow. Jack would say he was ' gone.' I say just what I have said-— -he. is fasci nated with a young lady, who ought to think herself- very lucky indeed to attract such a mam' . There was utter silence on Jessie's Bide. . . ? , '? ;?'?'...'.- 'I« caBe^' fefe-cofelinxied, ' yoiir intellect finds the subject afoBtruBe^T: will be more explicit. You are the young lady, and it is my wish that .you should encourage Ms attentions, and root out any Billy romauoe that may be obscuring sound judgment. You understand now.n Jessie understood* well enough, evem to hie eagerness for her acceptance of the Lannager inviiation,hiB desire to come this night for her, to reconnoitre the Lannager domain and nbts, if possible, how Bhe accepted Frank's homage; The little he had witnessed pleased him at the outset, but he was P-oi, so satisfied now. She was not in the Habit of ques tioning her father's will ; it was hers ?*? not to reason why;' so she maintained silence still, feeling as if the black cap had been set onier head— accepting a sicken ing flat. ._.-?' : . -.,.. . .. ' Did you hear what I said? You ar« not playing the piano now.' , ' - Taunting w£«s natural to him ; she -did not mind it, she was only alive to the fiat, to the cap-pressure, as.ehe meekly, faintly answered — : ? ,;.???--. -: ? 'Yea.'' . ?_ ?: '?- -. ;;'?:; * At that moment the cab ehot by a gas lamp, the glare of which lit up fora second the faces-in the cab, and lie turned to her, &nd; eaw why - she could' not speak. He made a Becoiad Jerk and looked another way. Fox the rest of the drive all talk seemed suspended, sound being confined to' the clatter of the horse's heels, the rumble of the vehicle, or the crack of the whip overhead. Her tears annoyed him. He was not aware of showing any stern ness ; he was as anxious for fyer as wall as for himself that she should forget Gold win and turn to another suitor, but he did not want to be unkind. . Habit made him sarcastic and authori tative with, his family,, yet. he was not wholly without affection for his childxea, or this daughter in particular. He began with an unwonted cheerfulness to address her, but circumstances altered his temper very soon, for he was not inclined to meet recalcitrant humors in her, which he found existed, though they were sot made manifest by outspoken -rebellion. There 'were weighty reasons for Mb action, but he made an impolitic move on Ms own be half. Instead of blockading opposition, as he believed he was doing,-he gave it access in another direction, and so it stalked onward slowly and surely towards Mm as a grim and merciless foe. CHAPTER VII. Wheel Within Wheel. Lockstud, painfully energetic in. his bulwark-raising against a threatened danger, -was not to know that his efforts to repel at the front- door were to be counteracted at the rear — that where he was struggling to erect a rampart his wife was throwing open the back gates and inviting the very thing he feared to sit at their hearth — a wolf in sheep's clothing. Jessie, sick and weary, and unable to bear this new burden Imposed by her father, fell upon her mother's neck, the day after the Lannagers' dance, and poured forth all her bitterness and despair with wild sobs and vows to die or drown, her self — all the truth about Roland's xeal feeling towards her. Mrs. Lockstud turned wMte and sick with; sudden fear, with indignation at her husband's inexplicable conduct, but would not believe, that Roland's affectionB were given elsewhere. c He was somewhat surprised to receive, as the day advanced, a telegram from Mrs. Lockstud. ' Come to me as soon as possible — must see you,' it said, and set him wondering. Immediately after lunch he obeyed her summons, and found her awaiting him in a cobv breakfast parlor. She was so nervous and agitated that he asked — ?? Are you in trouble ?' ' To -which question she nodded her head, giving a silent affirmative, as if words were blocked, and next, with a decided gulp and a desperate effort to speak, she began with hesitation, but gradually gained heart and waxed eloquent. ' What can it be?' asked Roland anxi ously. ' I have something to say — something which, pains me. It is about our dear Jessie.' 'Jessie — is she ill? She has been look ing ill lately ; but she can't be seriously ill !' he exclaimed, partly assertive, partly interrogative, and with an uneasiness which helped on the anxious mother to speak out her mind. ' Not seriously ill now — qaot yet ; but she will be perhaps if — if what I hoped— ' Good heaven, go on! What is it you feat?' ' Oh ! how can I say. it to you ?' almost moaned Mrs. Lockstud, with eyes averted. ' And yet I must — must brave a certain delicacy to make you understand me ; per haps ker life may depend on it.' She raised her eyes filled with tears, and looked at him appealingly. ** Rol, you are honest. I knoxr you so well 5 you will tell me the truth. You are fond of her, are you not?' 'Fond of her!' he eohoed. «Why, I love our little Mid 1 You must know that yourself. Who says I am not fond of her?' He asserted this much in the same way as he wouid have said, if questioned, 'I love Jack, or_ Louisa, or you,'* for he was so fond of Mrs. Lockstud and all her children alike, and the word ?♦love' in this case was used to emphasize merely his strong attachment for Jsssie, and as a challenge, perhaps, against professed doubt as implied by her mother's question ; but Mrs. Lockstud did .not construe it so, as she granpwd at the supposed encouragement of an idea, and cried— ' She says so ; she thinks bo. The poor child thinks you don't care for her as she cares for you; and I know you too well to beliwe you capitble of anything like perfidy or lightnes.s.'of conduct. You have grown to manhood almost under my very eyes ; you are like a dear son of the house. And, Hoi, she is a woman now ; it is no more playing at love as when you were children, for she gives you a woman's heart now, filled with that undying love which a true woman can offer but once in her life, and then for ever to the man she hopes to be -her husband* And whether it is by word, or action, or look of yours she has read you all wrong I don't know, for she believeB your feeling for her to be copied, to be mot ?wnat .she has confidently expepfcecL it to be. This is why she is pining, and fretting, why her heart is ready to break, and mine too, I think. Why, marriage with another would kill her P Mrs. Lockstud ceased, and tried, to wipe away- hex tears with her handkerchief, though they came in relays as fast as she wiped. - ' Good -heaven I' again exclaimed Boland, It would be simply impossible to portray by pen the— visage he presented to Mrs. Lockstud, who could scarcely sea through her. weeping, during this unexpected, most bewildering outburst. To say it depicted consternation and distress is insufficient. He experienced some such sensation as that given by a blue-forked, jagged dart of Hghtming, transiently blinding as it flashes in one's face 'and 'makes the blood tingle and hair stand on. end with fear at the passing pain and dazzled eyeballs. His senses reeled for a moment, and then, ruled to steadiness; his mind saw what 'bef ore had been obscured. Hie ears caught a Bmothered sob... .= .. ? - ., .'- To see a woman's tears was* disoon cBrting always j to cause thorn was torture. I Whether unwittingly or not, it made little difference tft his misery ; the result was the same. ' And here wae i w.omanwhoBejeyery teu fell like molten lead on Mb heart, and whom he was ready, to shield from all things causing pain. He started up from Ms chair and began to walk up and down the parlor, with Ms hands deep down in his pockets. ' - ? -? ??»????? : ? . . . .,' - ' Ddn't be angry with: her for doubting you,'' pleaded Mrs. Locketud, recovering j herself and showing her peculiar! ingenuity for misunderstanding. The look on Ms face was perfectly unintelligible to her, yet she thought she, read signs of irrita tion. 'Don't be angry; be gentle; and as soon as she can see you, convince .her how wrong she has been, teach her never to doubt you again ; but don't on any ac count tell, or even hint, that I have been mediator between you. You are' annoyed, I can see.' :, .»?,-.-, ????;. \ . ? She looked up at Mm as he stood still before her.. ' - ' Your^streBB annoys me,' he said ; *? it hurts me. I was not prepared ; I did not know I could cause so much unhappiness to my dear, friends. I have scarcely thought of marriage yet, excepting as something in the distance. I will try and see Jessie soon.' ???? . He had not the least idna what he was going to say when he did see her. His brain was whirling still ; but he knew it was necessary for him to Bay something now of a pacific nature, and he said it. ; ' Soon — wkenP' asked the over-solicitons mother. * ' I dbn'i know, I can't say ; but soon.'1 And then Roland, unable to speak fur ther, hurried from- the 100m and walked out of the house, omitting the. common courtesy, of shaking hands or. wishing good-afternoon. - He was so much like one of the house, however, that this little breach of man ners was considered pardonable, especially under the influence of an emotion that he could not hide, and which made Mrs. Lockstud sigh in soliloquy — ?' I'm sure the dear boy is vexed, but his temper will cool quickly enough, and it will all come right between him and Jessie. I am so glad I spoke to him, though it was hard to do at the beginning.' Roland walked with rapid strides towards his own home ; his blood seemed sluggish and Ma reflective power paralyzed, for he Could not reason clearly. ' '. He strode on as if for a wager. A car riage passed him, its occupants talking and laughing. He did not recognise the ladies, although they were acquaintances ; they had nodded affably to him without attract ing his notice. His eves were but mer chanical guides .to. his . destination — (xoolgun — wMle his mental sight was only capable of holding in view just then two figures. He saw Jessie weeping because of dis appointment in him, and her sad white face rose before Mm like an apparition. She was a ghost, with a menacing fore finger .that seemed to touch his breast wiih its point as a bayonet, and make him draw his breath with pain. Behind her there stood a second figure ; no ghost, but the outline of the goddess of Mb day dreamB, Mb Minerva and 'Venus combined in one human, form — his oracle, Ms hope, his beacon-light, from whom he had been longing to gather some indication of that passion for himself which he had been told now possessed Jessie, to whom he had meant until to-day to breathe Ms hope on the day of his majority. - He had been chilly before- the poor little- ghosts but the presence of the goddess sent fire through Ms veins, and the perspiration stood on Ms forehead in great beads. Arriving at Goolgun, he went straight to Ms own rooms, consisting of bedroom and study. The latter was a pleasant little sanctum, with its library of useful and standard works, an escritoire, a couple of chairs, reading-lamp, a little ornamenta tion here andthere in the shape of bronze and marble statuary, and a vase or two which Mrs. Dripper kept well supplied with fresh flowers. The floor was tessellated, and at odd places a rug of silky texture, either snowy white or crimson hued, was carelessly thrown. There was a fireplace, not in use at present, but prettily screened, and a mirror above it framed in oak — a mantelpiece draped with some of Jessie's own fancy-work, and one great panel window that lifted from the floor and led to a side balcony. The sunlight was slanting through its green Venetian blinds, and fell in bars across the tiles that twinkled and blinked with dazzling color beneath the glint. Here Boland renewed his peripatetic cogi tation, walking through the bars of light to and fro, and kicking the rugs rather viciously but of Ms path, as he tried to calmly study Ms position* . ? Strangers'7 had congratulated him, he reasoned ; not alone because of rumor, but because they had .been more observant than he perhaps in detecting such signs in JeBsie's general bearing towards him as provided sufficient reason for them, to base certain conclusions upon appertaining to their future relations — signs to which he had been blind. If Mrs. Lockstud had not spoken to Mm in her over-confidence of his more than brotherly affection for her daughter, what would have happened ? Would Middie really have pined herself 'to --death — pined away for Mm? He had, been ardently longing for such a devotion, but not from that direction. Yet was it for him to ignore at the risk of her misery, or to accept and destroy Ms own content? If the latter, what of the goddess ? Would the accept ance affect her? Were all her smiles and sweetness, her counsel 'and wisdom, given to him for the sake of friendship alone P - The time had come for Mm to speak; something must be done. Here was a difficulty beyond cornucopia aid. He had not been asked to tilt it with an easy hand and a Bmiling face into some im poverished lap. Something stronger,mightier, and sweeter was demanded from Mm. Was he to give it up— that hope wMch had lain - like a talisman in the .core . of his heart, wMeh made the, world so bright and life a summer's day ? If Una should love him, if he had not beenworsMpping at a mythical shrine,. he thought, then God help poor Jessie to throw off her cloud of dis appointment, to.rise above it, atid be pre pared to bless. r-anptherJmaiT in the near future- — a manWompelled to love her, as he -was -compelled elsewhere to bow down and do homage. (to bb coiiiiinjSiB.} OotetuMaad Bom* Efcoalyptu Extract iithi Bwt»— 0.' 