Parisian Parlance. March 4. Like Banquo's ghost, Panama will per sist in 11 taking the ohair." Publio opinion would be delighted, to have the whole matter in the deep bosom of the ocean buried till the October general Mentions. It seoms that no mattor how it may he "scotched," it cannot be killed. It bids fair to resemble the poor, ever with ua. The recent trial of tho directors has set the bench and the bar at loggorheads. Figaro has obtained portions of the in dictment for bribery, which will be heard before a jury. These premature revela tions are the verbatim examinations of Messrs. Floquet, do Freycinot, and Olemenceau, beforo tho police-magistrate, Franqueville, en. camera. Their evidence is contradictory as to dates, and one is forced to deoide between the assertions qf M. Charles de Lesseps and their opposirig statements. Patience for the cross- examinations in open court, and the certainty of surprises. Tho Figaro' a special commissioner sent to the isthmus to oxamine the state of the enterprise de vim, has handed in his report, accompanied, with explanatory sketches. It strikes the reader as being an impartial and correot docUmont— ex tenuates nothing nor sets down ought in malice. Its immediate effect will be to kill any reviving intention to privately finance a resurrection company. In a few bold touohes tho writer foouses the situation. The shareholders subscribed 1,400 millions of francs ; 441 millions, including all extortion ostimates, Eiffel's to wit, were expended on the works, the rest for material. Tho surveyed value of the canal in its present salvage condition is 300,000,000 francs, of which 70,00,000 francs are for plant and the balance for achieved woijk. Tho writer brings out for the first- time this important fact, thdt all the work aooom- plishedras the easiest in the enterprise, but that the real difficulties remain diffi culties still, and that no report was famished when the work terminated. Nay, more, the commissioner, who was aided by teohnioal authori ties, asserti) that the flourish . of trumpets executed over the two ends of the canal so far opened do not represent at best more than .one-fourth of the total work tp bo executed. It will require 1.050,000,000 franos to complete the canal, and even that esti mate should not be accepted as final. And were the canal to realise receipts annually to the amount of 50,000,000 in the oourse of eight years after the open ing, that would pay the new capital only 4 to 5 per cent, while th© victims of the old company could not receive even a farthing in the form of a consolation dividend. The fresh millions will be forthcoming if the State guarantees the loan ; if not, the Colombian Government has bat to ring down the curtain, to bo later rqlled up for the auctioneer and speculative financiers. Tolapult is dead. "Is1 he any relation of Dr. Hons ?" asked an old man from the country, when the news was gently broken to irita. Volopuk was intended to be the k oust one language of the United StatcB of Europe according to Borne, or of the millennium following others. Oae enthusiast even alleged it was the language of paradise, which waB rank blasphemy, as Frenoh is claimed to be the vernacular among angols and archapgels. I'erhaps M. Flam morion's telephone to Mars may decide the point, or It may be among the hidden wondors of the Columbian big show. Some years ago, at a Press dinner, a confrere, III returning thanks for the Press, spoke in Volopuk. At first no one wished to betray his ignoranoe, so smiled at the beauties, to compliment his vulgar tongue. At last a pet dog bo- longing to one of the guests tbut was lying in a comer commenced to growl, and next to belligerently and defiantly bark at the speaker. Ultimately the orator was asked to sing his words, for Figaro holds that is tho best way to comprehend the incomprehensible. The orator diod a few months later, but as no coroner's inquests are held in France, the cause of his death must remain undis closed till the Day of Judgment. Colonel Tobang- Ki-Tong, who is a Maggofariti, swore to me by 42 of his ancestors and three pagodaB that Volapuk was known in bis country some thousands of years before tho Christian em, that evidence of the fact could bo fotind in the early files of the Pokin Gazette, if any Dryasdust desired to follow up tbe b&arch.; Note, the first number of this Gazette was con temporaneous with Barneses II. M. Jules Ferry has proved all that could be desired since his Senate election. He htm expelled no religions orders, demanded the heads of no Boulnnists, has not threatened the Radicals with extermina tion or China with' a war of revanohe. He assured the fathers thoy might sit easy in thoir curule chairs. He came not with a sword, but as a boon and a bless ing to all who desired to make the re public open, tolerant, and pacific. He thus "roars as gontly as any suoking dove." lie is ono of tho reserved forces of tho republic, and may prove " tho daring pilot in extromity." He dwarfs all rivals already, ana possesses the advantage of being tbe only ohief tho legislature possesses. He has not been fairly treated by his adversaries, and thero is no reason to doubt tbat his ten years of ostracism has taught him the " sweet uses of udvorsity." No ceremony took place this February tu keep the 1848 insurrection or revolu tion green in the souls of republicans; they seem to rank that proceeding as politically on a par with the dynastio in memoriam for Louis XVI. Not a soul dreams of organising a refresher in honour of that jolly old sinner Henri IV., who did so much for the unification arid the material development of France. Of courso it would not be good form to exooute a " To Doum" on the occasion of tho disappearance of a bad sovereign. Some original " notes" on the events of 1848, by Alexis de Tocquenville, have just appeared ; they are, besides, words in season. Tlierois only oneforoign correspon dent in France who was present ut the invasion of the Chamber of Deputies by the people in 1848. I have heard him tell the story several times. When tho Duchess d' Orleans, with her two boys, the presont Comte de Paris and the Due do Chartres, to claim tho regenoy in favour of her son. Sho was answered by a levelling of muskets at her and her friepds; a I" efyddadle" onsuedjthe DafffleChartrea was separated from his mother ; the our own" resoued the little blubberer— in 1 870 Robert lo Fort — then aged?, remitted him to the Russian Ambassador's volet, who placed him between the hands of his uncle, the Due de Nemours. M. Carnot has to kiss, when on an official onting, quite a legion of pretty girls, who comB to welcome him and presont flowers ; it is an extra of his salary of 1,500,000 francs. De Tooqueville relates, that in February, 1848, u deputation of virgins, of the wise older, like rasieros, waited on Lamartine. One was delegated to sooito an ode eulogising his conduct during tho " glorious days ;" exoited by the enthu siasm of tbe crowd, tho virgin drifted into ecstasy and profuse perspira tion ; then she prosonted her two fat cheeks covered with head drops of heavy dew for the poet to kiss, which he did with the tips of his lips. On one occasion Rochefort hud to do patriotic embracing under difficulties ; the market women of Paris — all stalwarts — flockod to share their joy in September. 18?0, on his roloaso from prison; all wished to kiss him ; Rochefort objected to suoh u profusion of effusion, and suggested to embrace the ludy longest established in the profession on behalf of the rest — and kept his word. Do Tooqueville is only tender with his cynical and keen pon for Prince Louis Napoleon ; ho- did not think much of Louis Philippe, whoso conversation was n sentence without punctuation or finality. The king avowed that the Spanish ipnrriageR question had shaken his throne and that Palmerston waa a blackguard-- polisson. "We rarely rank those who cross our plans among the oherubims and seraphims. When 'Mhrrast prepared a list of the members for tho provisional Government, ho handed it to Lamar tine to read out to tho crffwd— " I cannot do so, as my name is in cluded," ho replied. The list was next handed to Creraieux, the first Jew admitted to Parliament, and whose briefs in later days Gambetta " devilled." " I cannot road it, as my name is omitted," be answered. " I would like to twist the neek of that vulture," observed one of tbe invaders of the chamber, pointing to the deputy monk, Lncordaire, who sat lonely and silently glancing around him; his long bare neck rising out of his gray hood. His. shaven sealp and bordor of blaok hair, a falling crooked nose and pier ring fiery eyes, did recall that bird of the Zoo hardens. The mob caught up tiny Louis Blanc, who orated against all the tyrannies while endeavouring to free himself from tho shoulders of his admirers. The comical spectacle recalled the wriggling of a snake held by the tail. The author draws attention to the ir resolution, and the tendency to be off the head, when skilled and brave generals am called upon to net against a crowd, which is so different from an organised foe ; the generals are also disturbed by the possi bility that the soldiers will not obey. In 1848 that may have been thus, but in the ease of December 2 coup d'etat, Generals St. Arnaud and Canrobert oould not be so Massed. At leaBt ask Parisians. Others remark a revolntion commencfes by a crowd, one-balf of whom are ruhoals, and theotherhalf idlers who cometo see the sport but when the fighting arises it is marvel lous to note the method and disciplinewith which it is executed in the absence of all concerted pkn of accepted leaders or designated flag. In the outbreak of the Rede in June 1848, the women fought if unything better than the men, but thon thoy believed they would possess the property of the rich for thoir husba nds and children. Something similar was noted under the commune. .As England is more or less ocoupied with plans to end or mend the Honse of Lords, it may b» apropos to indioate the Homo Rule Bill, presented by the Comto de Bobrinskoy, for reforming the Upper in j»giy Russitt. In Husccvy, princes ate said to he as plentiful as blackberries; none, it appears, !b genuine unless he passes the hall mark of having been presented to the Czar. This may explain why probationers for that stamping are to befound among the drivers of droskies in the Russian . cities. A fair sprinkling of them turn up also in the French police courts. Comte de Bob-et cetera rejects the acquisition of nobility by rank or decorations — only the Czar " can Make a belted knight, a marquis, duke, and ar that ; " but he would admit to the assembly of nobles, the proprietors since the romotest times of unlimited broad acres or those having a Peabody or Jay Gould purse to purchase vast estates. But merit or email income will not he allowed to take even a back Beat. The Russian Ravenwoode must go despite all the veneering tactics of their Caleb Bald- erstones. Alas for la misero en habit noir. The republic has its aristocracy accord ing to a happy improvisation of Madame Floquot. The constituency of Moyennc- villo, howevor, insists that if it be thuB this artiole must be genuine ; hence its petition to the Obamoer that no doputy whose name appears in the Journal OMoiol bo given a title until he has sub mitted his parchments to a searching genealogioal examination. The petitioners are compelled to take this step because a representative, " the issue of a respect able family of tailors, meroors, and tanners " goes about proclaiming himsolf tho direct doBoendant of ChariemagDe. Whether the deputy or tho petitioners are tho greater lunatics time will show. Beyond doubt tho Oomte de Paris and Princo Victor Napoleon — misfortune makes strange bedfellows— hare a hand in this intrigue ; dearly they spy a rival pretender. And at this moment the worthy de- cendant of a tanner, having arrived at exalted station, has passed away; tho father of the once Narbonno beauty, Mdlle. Fraisse — possessing thus a natural right to the " strawberry leaf " — better known as the widow of ox-President Grevy, belonged professionally to the guild of "Simon tho tannor." Sho was an unassuming lady of the household; who saw in high latitudes onlv profound ontuiis, and longed to escape offioial glory for the simplicity of her domestic hearth. At receptions I have watched hor masked repulsion of having to preside at fetes, that she quit for over in favour of her daughter, more a jolly Anglo-American than a Fronoh girl, as soon us wub decently possible; she could never acquixo an offioial smile; grinning, either on the part of the functionaries, shopmen, or knaves, exacts a special development of tho, indiarubbor groug of rauaolec, 