REVOLUTION IN'BRAZIL. The South American republics are notorious for two prominent charac teristics : their readiness to engage in internecine warfare and to borrow foreign capital. Even the "finest peasantry in the world" cannot fight and wort, so that internal development must stand still, to say the least, dur ing the arbitrament of arms. An ambitious General or Admiral ap pears to be the first requirement; then follow? the enlistment of sympathetic followers; a rebellious attitude towards the ruling power ensues; abdication or deposition suc ceeds that; and a new order is entered upon. Chili and Peru have been great fighters in their time; but just now Brazil is in trouble. Her fleet has became insurgent and Kear Adoiiral Mello is the leader. Only a few years ago the State had au Emperor, but Dom Pedro thought " discretion the better part of and abdicated. General Peixoto, the President, now finds that his turn has come, for tise Foreign Consuls have intimated that his resignation is the only way out of the difficulty. The position assumed by Peixoto is not approved by the British Consul, who has advised the British residents in Rio de Janeiro to at once leave the city. It appears, too, that the feeling against the President is very strong, he having been plainly told that un less he withdraws his troops from Eio, where they are murdering and pillag ing, the Foreign Powers will regard the rebels as belligerents. Under the circumstances the President is in an awkward fix. AH sorts of reports are abroad as to the state of affairs. Thu most amusing is that a grandson of the luU; Eajpcror is on his way to Brazil. This has also bem J^rsiod, doubtless with good reason. The anarchical tendency of South Ameri can democracy is not in the humour to accept aristocratic domination, even from a Dom Pedro. Rkax. Tempebance Reform.—Tuesday's Register concludes a leading article with the following remarks, contending for what it hag persistently advocated in connection with temperance reform—educational advancement and moral suasion :—" These are the only methods bj which solid, substantial, and per manent succeeg will be secured. Temperance workers should never lose sight of the fact that the general morality of a community is not decreased or enhanced merely because through the force of law so many hogsheads of b9er, more or less, are consumed. But it is advanced when people become, as they are really becoming, more and more sober because education and the force of public opinion are strengthening the conviction that exessive u (Wr&diner; and de moralizing." Rainfaih—The following is the rainfall recorded for the month of September by Mr W. Fowler :—September 1st, 0*080 ; 2nd, 0*080 ; 3rd, 0'080 ; 4th, 0*060 ; 6tb, 0*110 ; 7tb, 0*490; 10th, 0 085; llth, 0015; 12th, 0*070; 13th, 0'150; 15th, 0*060; 24th, 0-700 ; 25th, 0*040; total, 2 020, on 13 days. j A. Disappointment. —Some time since J we published under this head a little informs- j tion relating to a slight disappointment Mr R | Sloath experienced on returning1 to Broken j Hill to find his position of district secretary to j the A.M. A. usurped byMrJosiali Thomas, j and later on we clipped from the Jdvertiser j a par. notifying that a ballot was to be taken to decide whether the present or the former occupant was to have it (says the JZapunda Herald). Information from a correspondent at Broken Hill shows that at a meeting of delegates held on the 3rd inst. it was decided not to take a bsiiot, bat to retain Mr Thomas. Mr Sleatb, who is endeavouring to find a constituency who will select him to run for M.L.A., is now, with his fellow-agitators, Ferguson and the youthful Polkinghorne, stumping the country, lecturing under the aaepioes of ths Electoral Reform League. Reading in BEB.-^The Globe begins an Article with the words, " Of course we are all agreed that reading in bed is pernicious," My dear old Globe (comments Dr Gordon Stables), we are nothing of the sort. By the crimson hood of my toga, no, If my opinion is worth a penny piece, then you shall have it, and, to use a somewhat common phrase, 1 hare the courage of my convictions. I am tamed 50. I have read in railway carriages, read on the sofa, and read in bed all my life ; I read myself to sleep, or nearly to sleep, every night. Yet my eyesight is splendid. I can read the smallest type without spectacles by the light of the moon or a prisoner's dip. My constitution has not been shattered, and I assure yon I have never been burned to death in bed. Why should you be burned to death in bed, 1 wonder? What nonsense. Your candle is on a table by yonr bedside. If you do drop off, and the candle does burn itself out, wh&t; is the harm P Oh, dear, oh, dear, what a lot of old wires there are in the world ! But the truth is, that unless a man j ib a navvy, a tiller of the soil, or toiler of the i deep, and can drop off at soon as his head touches the pillow, it ib good for bis brain health to read in bed. If there is the ghost of a chance of his beginning to think after lying down, the book or magazine must ar once be had recourse to. This keeps the mind on an even keel till the waves of sleep begin to waft the soul to dreamland. Jjet him, juBt before this, put out the candle and a good night's rest will be lii» guerdon. To think in bed is eelf-mur4er ; to read ii> bed is life. In this advice lie sense *n1 science combined, DAiBYisa in New Zealand.—Mr H. J. Scott, who recently returned to Adelaide from a business trip to Tasmania and New Zea land, gave some interesting particulars to an Advertiser reporter. " When I was formerly in New Zealand, in 1882," said Mr Scott in reply to a question, " the subject of butter factories was only just being mooted, Now there are over 70 such factories throughout New Zealand, besides numerous creameries and cheese factories. The different factories are working very loyally together and have formed themselves into what is known as the "National Dairy Association of New Zealand." The Government has on two occasions sent an expert to England to report on the most ap ■ proved methods of shipment and to push the jales of dairy prodacp. They hare also lately sent for an expert from England, who is now on his way out, for the purpose of teaching a better syBtem of grading butter. The New Zealand Government has already two experts, one in the North and one in the South Island, whose duties are to go from factory to factory and practically teach the work of making butter and cheese. One it a Pane (Mr Sorrensen) and the other an Ayrshire man (Mr Sowers), The export of dairy produce from New Zealand iaat year amounted to over £300,000. I noticed a statement in the papers," said Mr Scott, in conclusion, '■ that while butter ts sometimes na low as 6d a pound in South Australia it rises at other times to half-a-cown. In this connection it is interesting ty note that the establishment of dairy factories in New Zea lund has certuinly lowered the average priie of butter It is now 9d per lb. throughout New Zealand, both winter and summer, and I believe the establishment of dairy factories will tend towards the same result in oar own colony." Catholic Art Union.—In another column appears an advertisement notifying the post ponement of the drawing of prizeB in aid of the Sacred Heart School, Kadina. The date fixed is December 16th. The drawing will be under the management of a committee of local gentlemen. It is hoped that the special endeavour now being made will result ia en tirely freeing the building froui debt. A Litisg Pjctuee.—The narratives regard ing Captain Fisher, the tattooed Welshman, but barely oon>ev an idea as t.o the artistic depiction upon his body. He tR a living picture nailery. Upon his skin may be seen illustiations of art in various forms. He is the curiosity of a lifetime, and his body con tains no less than 700 beautiful pictures. This wonderful exhibition •will be on view in Wallaroo, filoonta, and Kadina shortly. The whole show, while novel, is interestieg and instructive. The Electric Auctioneer. — Mr Dave Bobs opened at Wallaroo on Monday night, near Mr Hariuan's store, and had a large gathering of visitor?. All things being con sidered be did a fair business. The Late Mr A. Quin.—On Monday morning at Wallaroo Mr Allan Quin died of cancer. He succeeded Mr F. Clare as local agent for the Adelaide Steamship Co. early this year, and during the few months that intervened he was a great sufferer. The deceased genrleman, who was the second sonn of Capt. Hugh Quin, for so many years Harbourmaster at Port Adelaide was succes- sively in the employ of the Marine Board, the South Australian Company, the Commercial Wharf Comanym and the Adelaide Steamship Company. As a Mason he held the office of District Deputy Grand Master under the Scotch Constitution. Mr Quin was in his 41st year. He has left a widow and three children, whose painful bereavement has called forth expressions of strong sympathy. Death 03? Mb E. Squire.—Through the capsize of a vehicle which Mr Edward Squire, Deputy Postmaster - Genera) and Superintendent of Telegraphs, was driving down the Belair-road on Saturday afternoon, that gentleman lost his life (says the Register). He iell on his head, and sustainieg a com pound fracture of the skull was billed in stantly. One of Mr Squire's sons, two of his daughters, Mrs Warren, a relative, aud a maid servant, who were in the trap at the time of the accident, were all more or lees hurt. Deep and widespread regret is ex pressed on all sides at the oalamity, which has deprived the Post-Office of a most valued and highly respected officer. At the GHenelg Jetty the flag was flying half-mast high on Sunday out of respect to tbe deceased. Re ferring to tbe deceased gentleman, "Pencil" in ihe Kapunda Herald says :—If he were not to prefer each a happy dispatch, his decision could hardly be the result of any brooding upon possible couaequance in the yonder world. Few must have been the accounts whioh he had to B6tt!e. Even considering 'iia actions in the etrotigeet light that an ultra-Puritan conscieaco could demand, he stood confessed by ul; ns essentially a " white man." He was etricily ci/iisi-ienticvjs and honourable, and he bore with impressive fortitude heavier private troubles than befai most men in the ordinary course. Few people knew Mr Squire intimately, bemuse fc» was a diffident man who shrank from Bociety and lived almost entirely in liia office and iD his home. In fact, lie was so greatly opposed to publicity that, if he could only have set tled by will the way in which the papers were to refer to his sudden release from the trorries of life, be would have ordered tliom to ssy— " E. Squire was killed on Saturday. Whsn he was alive ho tried to do li 13 duty. He never thought it necessary, therefore, to bother much about calostitti consequences. His curiosity would ssem like a reflection upon Provideuoe." A Ciiaemikc Heibess.—Miss H.ilen Gould, daughter of the late American millionaire, is, we learn from the New York Herald, about to make her debut into American social liif. This young lady is heiress to 815,000,000, to Her late f-itlier's Kiltii-nvenue mansion, aim a. princely residence at Irvin-;!on, on the Hud son River. These mansions are gorgeously furnished sad are worth another million dollars, Helen Cg-ould is very clever and sen sible, and is pleasantrlooking, though not actually beautiful. "Ifo fortsnerhunters need apply," as she possesses her father's shrewdness end common eensf. Her" coming cut" has been delayed by the deaths of her father and mother, so thai she is two or three years over 20. Besides being very rich and accomplished she is a sweet and charming young woman. A Tough Story.—Tho following is related by the Glasgow Weekly Herald 1" In Feb ruary last a man named Barfiey while en gaged in whale-fishing was dragged over board by the bight of the line. He says that he remembers the sensation of being lifted into the air by the nose of the whale and of falling into the water ; then there was a fear ful rushing sound, which he believed to be the beating of the water by the whale's tail; then he was encompassed by a fearful darkness and he felt himself slipping along a smooth passage of some sort that seemed to move and carry him forward. The sensation lasted but an inetaot, then he felt that he had more room. He felt about him. and his hand cime 1 in contact with a yielding, slimy substance 1 that seemed to shrink from bis touch. It { finally dawned upon him that he had been swallowed by the whale, and he was over come by horror at the situation. He could breathe easily, but the heat was terrible. It was not of a scorching, stiffing natare, bat it geemed to open the pores of his skin and to draw out hie vitality. He became very weak and grew sick at his stomach. He knew that there was no hope of escape from his strange prison. Death stared him in the face, and he tried to look at it bra rely, but the awful quiet, the fearful darkness, the horrible know ledge of his environments, cud the terrible heat finally overcame him, and he must liave fainted, for the nest ha remembered being in the captain's cabin. Bsrtley is not » man of timid nature, but he says that it many weeks before he could pass a night without having bis sleep disturbed with harrowing dreams of angry whales &cd; the horrors of his fearful prison. The skin on the face aud hands of Bavtley has caver recovered its natural appearance. It is yellow and wrinkled, and looks like old parchment. The health of the man does not saem to have been effected by his terrible experience; he is in splendid spirits aud apparently fully enjoys all the blessings of life that come his way. The whaling captains eay that they never knew a parallel case to this before. They say tbat it frequently occurs thai men are swallowed by whales who become infuriated by the pain of the harpoon and attack the boats, but they have never known a man to go through the ordeal that Hartley did and come out alin*. Tiie Bctteb Market. — Messrs A. W. Sandford & Co. report:—Interest in the but ter market during September ecntred round the Bonus Act, which has now, however, been passed, and should give a healthy stimulus to dairying, and pleoe the industry in surh a position hero three years hence eg it has now attained in Victoria, where, this season, with out a bonus, the term of which having expired, shipments to the extent of 6,000 tons, as against 4,000 tons last year, are being arrauged for. The uncertainty for a time as to the fate of the Butter Bonus Act had a most prejudicial effect upon values, neither buyers nor sellers being able to operate, so that the market is at present overloaded ; but in the course of a week or two, by shipments arranged, clearance will be effected, and prices of best quality lot$ should at any rate ] approximate sonewhat nearer to oost of pro duction, for it is almost aanectesery to remark that values lately have not paid even labour incurred, and if continued must inevitably lead to decreased dairying, and consequently a return to extreme prices later on when feed becomes scarcer. At moment separator and factory fresb^ in print, sell from 74 to 9d ; store lines and best dairy, accord ing to quality, from 41-d to 6Jd. "Late HAttKowrxG.—The annexed lette by Mr T. K. Dow. of the Longerenong Agrir cultural College, appears in tha Australasian of the 5th inst :^7-As the present season is OjDe in which the effects of late sowing as a pplied to grain crops are likely to be speoi ily beneficial, I should like to hrinr; under i the notice of your numerous agricultural readers the results of our experience with the system in ibis put of the Wiminera district. The season before last we hurro* cd wheat in October when the crop was 18 inches liigli, aud the result was a gain of fully two bushels per acre, the se&9on being a dry one. Last season we harrowed when the crops were 2 feet high—the second week in Ootober—but as tbe operation was followed by rain and there were frequent showers again before harvest, no marked benefit resulted. It was clear, however, that no injury was done to the crop by the extremely late harrowing. Our experience has confirmed that of Professor Brown, who carated out a similar experiment throe years ago at this eoliege. Our experi ment last year threw some light, upon another aspect, of the question, viz., the effeot of late harrowing upon oats and bariey. We harrowed at the same timo wheat, outs, Cape barley, and English barley, and none of tbe crops snffered in any way from the operation. I should not, however, recommend the exten sire harrowing of anything but wheat upon the strength of a single experiment, but after tbe long wet winter the surface will be so hard after it has set that the loss of moisture during the summer will be enormous. The breaking-up of the surface by msans of the harrows will liato the effect of checking evapo ration, and of thus conserving the moisture for the use of the crops. It is this system of conserving moisture by means of surface culti vation that baa enabled te to successfully grow fruit-trees, vines, and forest trees on these dry plains. Let as apply the same system as far as possible to our grain crops. 