THE HUMAN ELEMENT IN THE BIBLE. That there is a human element in the inspired Scriptures is evident, for it is men who are inspired, men whose language and whose minds have been used. 1 say, whose minds have been used, for the spbBtle tells of speaking with bis under standing ; but the expression is used to signify also the defect and errors to which man's mind is liable. N ow this last meafiB man's mind left to itself, 'that is, not inspired : a very different thing from inspiring man's mind. The reason I notice it is, that the human element is of infinite price to us, the very character of the grace shewn to us and conferred on us. God's favour is not only shewn to man, but in man. In the blessed Lord — the centre and effectuator of all grace to us— this is evident, though this is much more than inspiration, for He is person, the Word made flesh, yet it characterizes all God's ways with us. It is what is divine in man. It haB a human element — birth, hunger, thirst, sorrow, suffering, His compassion moved by what he saw, growth in wisdom and stature, dependence in prayer, obedience, temptation (sin apart), and, when He had given himself up. to it, death (for which indeed He has expressly become a man) ; and though now in glory, yet the human element is there also. The Son of Man is a,t the right hand of God, and when we are in that blessed place, He will gird Himself and make us to sit down to meait, and come forth and aerve us. Now, though this was different from all else (for it is the Incarnate Word), yet it characterizes all God's ways with men. Inspiration (that is, the Spirit of Christ acting in the limited manifestation of God's mind in whatever degree in a man) haB this character, and it iB its . peculiar yalue. It was given in various ways, as well as at divers timeB, dealing with man and unfolding the things of man histori cally in relation to God, and in moral testimony, so that we might have God's mind about them, either according to the light which man possessed, so as to be thereby responsible, or revelations of God's own mind and judgment, so as to teach, which last was only fully revealed in Christ, who spoke what He waB in His own perfection, and was what He spoke — God manifest in flesh, the Word made fleBh and dwelling among ub. _ The revelation of the New Testament iB different in character, because it haB taken man out of the earth and up to heaven ; and hence its proper, revelations (I mean after Christ's death) are the bringing in of present heavenly relations and charac ter into earthly things. Hence, save prophecies, which are not proper to it, it is the man in heaven in all the details of life on earth— more intimate, more fam iliar, more present and practical. The Christian is the epistle of Christ— hence has to be formed by the word of revelation into His image, and then guided in the manifestation of it. It is evident how fully/there is a' human element here, not only in our realization of Christianity, but in the revelation of it ; brit it1 is the human elenient taken possession of by ; God. Divine power, and What, if the use1 of the word were not liable to be abused, might fairly be' called inspiration, works in 'eVefy one who iB' blessed in tbe uee of a'gift, ind in' all spiritual wisdom ; that is, God acts' and forms the judgment, and the agent is only so far blessed as this is the case; But this scripture carefully distinguishes from inspiration in the sense we' now use it in, viz., comrimnicatioris having a divine ' authority over the soul , because given by God Himself. An in spired man may say,' "I have' received mercy of the Lord to be found faithful ; " "I think also that I haVe the Spirit, of God;" and'add, " The married IcOmmand, not I, but the Lord ; " " to the rest speak I, not the Lord." Thus the apostle care fully distinguishes the sound and /godly wisdom which he bad experimentally by the Spirit— the action' Of the Holy Ghost in his own mind morally — from'what he had froin the Lord Himself, so as to give it as His command.' This has been stupidly ajleged as shewing all 'was not inspired, Bince part was distinguished as' spiritual experien ce. Butthisis a mistake as tO'the whole nature of inspiration/and leads me to Some notice, of this. . The truth of inspiration is not that all that is stated Or recorded as done or spoken was inspired. We have the devil's words, and wicked men's words, and holy, but failing, men's words ; but in such cases the writer wSb inspired to give us' these things as he has given them.. So God, knowing our liability, to be misled as to inspiration, has inspired Paul to record the difference between the highest spiritual wisdom and apprehension,, and inspiration. There cannot be on this point a more important inspired testimony. It decidcB the question recently raised, and judg'es'tbe error into which presumptuous men have fallen." 