NEWS m BRIEF. Cake fdir at St. John's school-room last night a success. One of the stalls at St. John's cake fair last evening accidentally set on fire and destroyed before the fair was opened. Continued glut in the London butter market. Four additional American men-of-war to proceed to Rio Janeiro. The Turkish navy reported to oe in a ruinous and utterly incompetent state. Large quantities of silver being im ported into India on the expectation of an import duty being placed on silver. At the Council of Agriculture meeting yesterday Mr John Hope, of Sheffield, spoke in high terms of the aesistarce rendered to the agricultural industry by the Examiner and Tasmanian. Winning number of the Queensland Equitable Building Society's lottery, 87.263. The winning number of the gigantic lottery in Brisbane was only taken on Fri day last, and it is reported that the holder resides in that city. Sir Edward Braddon went to Hobart yesterday by express, and will return to the N.W. Coast in a day or two. Valedictory speeches at Hospital Board meeting last night. At the Council of Agriculture meeting yesterday business of rather an interesting character was discussed. A c',mpromiee has been suggested be tween the Houses of Lords and Commons on the Employers' Liability Bill. Another American suggestion : Wipe out. the deficit by issuing Government bonds to the amount. Ex-Queen Liliuokalani is required to accept American terms or provisional: Government will be recognised by the United States. The Italian Premier appeals to the patriotism of the legislators to assist the Government to enforce those sacrifices' which are necessary to restore the credit of the country. The West Australian Midland Railway Company calls on the Forrest Ministry to fulfil the promise of guaranteeing the com pany's debentures. Discovery of an old woman in an unoc cupied house in Coilingwood, near Mel bourne, literally starved to death. When. discovered she was in an indescribable I state of raggedness and filth, and in a b dying condition, and expired on the way to the hospital. The nurse of the District Nursing Asso ciation paid 614 visits to the sick poor during the past month. Mr Gatenby, of North Dundas, has brought up some excellent nuggets of tin from the field. Mr G. Crosby Gilmore, "an old boy," 1 was ovrated by the luesent students of the Church Grammar School last night. Nine thousand pounds was declared in dividends by three companies yesterday, and a fourth is coming. It is reported that the French Govern ment will not entertain the proposed international agreement in Europe for the E suppression of anarchism. Dr. Webber, Anglican Bishop of Bris bane, who is at present in England, appeal ing for funds to extend the work of the \- church in Queensland, highly successful in his efforts. A European commission, it is reported, is about to be appointed to report upon the proposed scheme of tapping the Upper Nile for the further irrigation of Europe. The Canadian press strongly urges the British Government to undertake the lay ing of the Canadian Pacific cable to Aus tralia. The largest waves are seen off Cape Horn between latitude 55deg south and longitude a 105deg west, rising to 4Gft in height and S1765ft long from crest to crest. The first inme at cricket, then known as club ball, was played in 1300. a Ben Nevis observatory is 4407ft above the level of the sea. As an instance of the popularity of third class compartments in England, it is stated that the other day, on the Highland rail a way, two earls, a countess, two Cabinet Ministers', and an admiral, with their re Lt spective families, were third-class passen er gers in one train. 1- The Prince of Wales, in speaking at the d meeting of the Imperial Institute, stated that they had commenced well in advanc ing the commercial and industrial interests g of the colonies, and promoting intimate union with Great Britain. 11 East Lothian is the most celebrated farm f ing district in Great Britain. V:gnette mehne properly a likeness having a border of vine leaves round it. 'a At a meeting of the peculiar sect who call themselves Faith .Kealers, held at is Sunderland, it was announced that the d Holy Ghost was presiding, and accordingly Sno visible chaniman had charge of the e proceedings. Over 120 persons testified to a having been cured of various diseases by \- the laying on of hands.' the first English cookery book was printed in 1408. e The English Channel at its smallest <i breadth is 20-- miles across. The Puritan-, for pood or for evil, have d left an inuelible mark en the English a character to Ih: present hour. As Matthew o Arnold put it, in his usual happy way, the . English middle class "entcred the prison of Puritanism and had the key turned upon its spirit there for 200 years" Even those who are not Sybarites in taste will sympathise with the schoolboy who, acceraing to the Spectator, writing home to co plain of the school fare, said, "There are black beadles in the kirchen, and sometimues they cook them in the dinner, which c n't be holesome when you are not strong " The free cornsumption of watercress is said to be an effective cure for the cigarette habit. Lettuce has been used as a substi tute, ,nd in some cases has been fully as efficient. '1he odeath rate among the intemperate on beer is abut 46G per 1000; while that r. of intemperate on spirits reaches the high average of 60 per 1000. 