PAUL'S FIRST SERMON. BY REV, DR. BEVAK. And straightway in the Synagogues he preached, into tftem Christ, that Be was the Son of God. Act* ix. 20. On Sunday morning last the Rev. Dr. Beyau preached in the Franklin-street Bible Christian Church to a large congregaton. His fext was, taken from Acts ix. 20. After a reference to the conversion o£ Paul, winch was a favorite topic with preachers,'Dr. Bevan said almost every part of the afary had its own lesson to teach and truth to suggest. How significant, in view of certain recent controversies in reference to Church orders, titles, and succession, was the visit of Ananias to Saul. Ananias was simply a disciple, yet he was sent to Saul with a message from G-od. He opened Saul's eyes, baptised him, communicated to him the Holy Ghost, received him into the apostleehip yet was himself only a disciple. In dealing with his text he proposed to notice four things: (1) The preacher Saul; (2) the audience, the Synagogue; (3) the manner, straightway, and (4) the subject, Jesus, that He was the Son of God. I. The preacher was Saul of Tarsus, who had. lately been converted. He was a man of great natural power. He was not a fool. There was a legend to tbe effect that the fool of the family was often sent into the Church. It was not a fool or a weakling whom God selected when He called Saul. He was strong mentally. He was a Jew. The Jews were accustomed to teach their children. It was this power which gave the Jews their commanding position in the world to- day. Saul was a trained man, a scholar. He bad also a strong sensibility, a tender spirit. There was as much emotion in Saul as in John. Under any circumstances he was a noteworthy man. He was young, not much more than thirty years of age ; yet he was already a member of the Sanhedrim. He was now brought into a position where he could exercise the greatest influence. He became one of the greatest figures in history. He stood a head and shoulders, not only above his contemporaries, but above most of tbe great men of the world. None had laid such an intellectual grasp upon the world, or so changed the current of human thought. They might not all have Pauline gifts, but each, like Paul, could bring to the service of God and man the whole devotion of their life; and if they had Paul's spirit, they would win the same approval and the same crown which Paul won. II. The audience, the Synagogue. What most preachers wanted was an audience. Most men wanted to preach to some great audience. Saul preached in the first pulpit open to him. The man who had found Christ wanted to tell of Him to others. The Gospel was a preaching faith, a propaganda. At first the Synagogue was the only place open. The time was to come when when Saul was to preach before kings, to the Gentiles, to the Greeks, even in Rome, that great imperial centre ; but that time had not come yet. The Synagogue was open, and he went there. His audience was not sympathetic, yet they needed the Gospel. All men needed the Gospel, cultured or uncultured, rich or poor. III. The manner, straightway. Saul lost no time. This did not indicate want of preparedness. "When preachers had passed through .the same course of training they might do as Saul did. Even Saul at a subsequent date went-into Arabia for three years, where he was further trained. Paul poached because he felt there was urgency. In Australia there were many volunteering to go to China to preach the Gospel. He could wish that as many young men as young women- would volunte^, but their preaching would not be worth much unless there was a straightway in it. There were also the masses at home needing the gospel. His heart had bled as he watched the surging crowds in Melbourne, in Adelaide, and in Perth, which thronged the streets on a Saturday night, and when he reflected how much they needed the gospel. For gold they would rush into the desert, in search of that which perished with the using, ancUdestroyed those who found it. Bpw "much need there "was that in city and villagealijk? the, gospel should be preached. He was getting tired of church controversies* He felt with the olil Quaker, who was asked his opinion on a paper on i»me church controversy_and sajd, " well I think people who like that sort oJ thing will like it." He begged them to leave these-profitless themes and unite to save a perishing •world. ^. T^i^ubject. Chfkt that He was the of God. "TOrt'^lachirig vpas the "true sign of apostolic succession. 1 ; ^feSfe^urch which preached Gbrist, Whether dating ba^ tt^J^itive times, or only foraged yesterday, was the church of the living God. Pa^l preached Jesus. He preached a person, told the story of OhristfsQife,.hSKfa/ted his doings, reported his "words. Such preaching was powerful preaching always. He (Dr. Bevan), had a%iend, a fellow sthdeut, who became a Jewish Rabbi. He went once to hear him ?nA : OT'LTJ'J (the Rabbi) preach. He said to him, " Why do you preach?" "Oh," said the Rabbi, "It is set down, it is part of the ritual." « Ob," said Dr. Bevan, I thought BO." The Rabbi then turned to him and said : " Why do you prfaph ? " "I preach, said Dr. Bevan, because a Divine Person has laid hold of my life ; because He has filled me with truth which I mast utter." Spme men preachpd morals, ethical disquisitions ; what were these ? They all knew already more morality than they could practice. They could get better sermons or morals in the newspapers, and they were not very good there. The oifly way to do good to save men was to preach Christ, in His infinite power, in His gracious compassion, and to live Christ before the world. To preach Jlim that He is the Son of God. Paul preached Christ >yit,h a proposition, the gospel passed into a philosophy. The preacher was te assert His divinity. Some preachers patronised Christ. They regarded Hiru as a lofty and noble character, the purest and noblest the world had seen, but they refused to admit that He was the Son of Qpd in a higher sense than other men were. This was a devilish caricature of Christian preaching. This was not the kind of preach, ing which in apostolic days turned the world upside down. This was not the kind of preaching which in the eighteenth century put life into the deadness of modern society, and gave birth to civil and religious liberty. Dr. Bevan concluded an eloquent sermon by appealing to his hearers to believe in Christ, to live Christ, to preach Christ. 