GEMS FROM THE SCHOOL ROOM. Miss A. C. Gkajiam, of Anorloy, has received a prizo from tho University Cor ? resdondent for tho best collection of school boy *' mistakes' ; and thoy aro printed in tho current number of thab periodical. In an accompanying letter Miss Graham says: — 'Whon I learned ono day tho remarkable fact tuab ' ilaicd and Uuessao tranelatcd Euripides,' I felt thab tho timo had come for action ; I was filled with a burning desiro to share with othors my joy in theso facts ; and as a means of spread ing tho 'Now Learning,' I began to collect from examination papers and answers in class whatover would throw mo light on old subjects. I havo been soino years ab ib now, and havo pleasuro in sending you tho subjoined bwclvo oxbracts from my 'gems.' Thoy aro all bond-fide answers, tho spelling and punctuation boing unchanged ; in mo3b cases I havo still tho original documents from which they aro taken.' Among 'selected specimens' from Miss Graham and others, given by our contemporary, aro tho following : — Divinity.— Esau was a man who wroto fables and who sold tho copyright to a pub lisher for a bottle of potash.— Explain the difference between tho religious ' beliefs of tho Jews and Samaritans. Tho Jows beliovcd in the synagoguo aud had their Sunday on a Saturday, but tho Samaritans believed in tho Church of England and worshiped in groves of oak ; therefore tho Jows had no dealings with the Samaritans. — Titus was a Roman Emperor— supposed to havo written tho Epistlo to tho Hebrews —his other name was Oatce. English History. —Oliver Cromwoll was a man who was pub into prison for his inccrieronco in ireiauu. vvnon.no. was in prison ho wroto 'Tho Pilgrim's Progress ' ; and married a lady called Mre. O'Shea. — Wolsoy was a famous general who fought in tho Crimean War, and who', after being decapitated several times, said to .Crom well, 'Ah! if I had only served you as you havo served mo, I would nob:havo beon. deserted in ray old ago.' We3ley was the foundor of tho Wcsloyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Welling ton ; a monument was ercctcd to him in Hydo.Park, bub ib has been taken down lately. — Who was Henry IU. ? A zealous supporter of the Church, and died a Dissen try. — What is Divino Right? Tho liberty to do what you liko in Church. — Wrhab is a Papal Bull? A sortof cow„onlyIargor and does nob givo milk. — Perkin ? Warbeck raised a rebollion in bho -.roign of Henry VIII. He said ho was tho son of a prince, but ho was really the ' son of respectablo people. Definitions. — Phcenicians. — Tho invent ors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal, — A native of Bcchuana, iii 'South Africa. Chimaera. — A thing used to tako like nesses with. Watershed. — A place in which boats aro stored in winter. Gender. — Is tho way whereby wo toll what sex a man is. Cynical. — A cynical lump of sugar is ono pointed ab tho top. Immacu late. — State of those who havo 'passed tho entrance examination at London Univer sity. Hydrostatics. — Is when a mad dog bites you. Ib is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. English Language . and LiTiiiuumi:.— Keats wroto a savage criticism on Etidy mion, which brought ' on consumption. — Tho sonnet is a thing that. has its iirsb four liucs two mctcors;(quartan) and in last six two meteors (burzette).— Latin of tho 4th period was introduced. into tho language at tho invention of. Christianity 597 A.D.,whcn tho nobility aniUgcntry spoke Latin-French and tho Danes. settled tho throne for nearly thirty years. — Hamlob was weak-minded. Fond of sbudy. Bub was too weak to fulfil his duty- which tho Ghost had bold him. Ho was very good to his mother. Ho pro fains madness, ho really only pub ib on but some pcoplo say I10 was mad. Ono day when ho was!iighting tho king asked him if ho would havo something to drink & ho had pub poisin iu it & ilamleb said I10 would wait tho Queen took ib & then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs his father & drinks tho poisin and (lies. — What do you understand by tho Augustan ago in English Literaturo? Wo moan tho timo of'Ciudmon, who flourished and wroto ' Comus 'about. tho timo thab St. Augus tiuo converted tho peoplo of Kent. Miscellaneous. — Briofly describe tho heart, and its function orwork. — Thohcarb is a conical shaped bag. Tho hoarb is divided into sovoral parts by a fieshy peti tion. These parts aro callcd right artillory, loft artillory, and so forth. Tho function of tho heart is between tho lungs. Tho work of tho heart is to repair tho different organs in about half a minute. — What is a volcauo? A volcano is a vory powerful rock. — What is bho meaning of mer de glace ? Mother of glass.— What aro fossils ? Fossils aro thoso remains of plants and animals which keop best when left to themselves. — What fossil remaius do we find of fishes ? In some rocks wo find tho , fossil footprints of fishes. — What aro tho j motamorphic rocks? Rocks thab contain metaphors. — ' Whab is tho matter?' queried a tcachor. ' You seem to bo rather uncomfortable thoro.' 'I'vo gob tho interjection, sir,' was tho unoxpectedj roply. — Explain tho words forb and for-' tress. A forb is a placo to pub mon in, and a fortress a place to put-wojpen h^-^Wbat. is a Republican ? A Republican So .sinner' I mentioned in tho Bibfe, — Tho jwo chlof j volcanoes in Europe. Sodoniand Gomorrah. 