I Amongst the Missing. I ( Argosy .) I A Glare of light ; a brilliance of hand- ball-dresses aD(i varied uniforms ; E ffarm scent of exotics and the sound of dance music. It was , pochesB of Richmond's famous ball I !n the ere of Quatre Bras. Thought of coming battle disturbed the gaiety of the Bene not a whit. flmen sought to forget anxiety for jjjband or lover in the excitement of jlDCe ; soldiers, the responsibilities I 0f B-ar; and diplomatists, the gravity of I tie approaching crisis. i By Jove !' said a heavily-moustached cira|ry captain,6tanding gazing critically |t dancers, with a group of brother jeers. 'Who's that very pretty girl facing with Carrington of the Scots Gn/sf >What, the fair girl in pale bine and Tjjte i' said a supercilious young aide- I de-camp- 'That's Alice Maitland, jugbter of Sir Robert Maitland. (rrington's in luck ; he's been dancing I sithber nearly all the evening.' i Yet, tbey say he's hopelessly in love „jtb her,' said a cornet of Carrington's regiment ; ' can think of nothing else.' -poor fellow ! rejoined the snpercilions raE in a tooe of fine contempt, pulling jiE somewhat scanty hair that adorned ins upper rip. ana x suppose ne n tonmit the inexcusable fault of matri- 9 umy, and there'll be the end of him. -Yes, if she'll have him ; they say isibj'a entered for the same stakes 9 tboogb, and running strong, bnt Carring- 9 ton certainly has the start of him.1 ' WelljI'd lay my money on the Major, ijw,' broke in a fourth speaker. 9 Mshby's a deuced bad rival to ran 9 gimst.' 9 ''Take care,' said the cornet ; ' they 9 prised quite close to ns then; I shouldn't 9 reader if Carrington had the fnll benefit 9 titbit interesting remarks of yours.' 9 Sion the dance and the interval that 9 Ktt-eded it were alike over, and the 9 object of the above conversation made 9 his say towards a little knot of officers H of bis own regiment who were talking 9 in low tones just inside the porch that I led into the 6treet, evidently engrossed in discussing some unusually exciting in- H telliuence that had just been imparted |1 to tbem. Carrington was not long in II learning its import. Ia fact, their |J colonel had just received the famous II order which has rendered that gay even- El inn an memorable. The enemv advance- || gojrd had been discovered within a short if march of Brussels, and the Dnke at once B hsued instructions tbat the officers should n Elipasay from theball without attracting I I attention, and be ready to march in three hours, with the prospect of immediate action. How strange the irony of fate that necessitated such an order at each a moment I Carrington received the intelligence without comment. For the moment the great news almost staggered him. He passed hurriedly through the porch and into the cool night air, and there, pacing nervously to and fro, tried to realise what it meant to him. Captain Arthur Carrington was no coward, and indeed bid served with no little distinction in later Feniuanlar campaign., and to such good purpose that he had won his captaincy after an unnsoally short term oi service. now, a year ago it woura nave been glorious news to him, bat now his I eaihusiasm was tempted with a strange I sense of regret. Since then he bad fallen I In love— desperately in love — with that I lovely girl with whom he had joBt been dancing, and daring the last few days, 1 despite the momentous events looming 1 in the immediate fntnre,and threatening I at any moment to engnlf him, he had j been lost as in a pleasant dream, peopled nnly by himself and the fair Alice 1 Maitland. 1 Now he mast needs wake np to the I bard realities of a soldier's career. Be fore another night had fallen he might I lave lost Alice for ever, with the life she I bid made too sweet for him. As he I peed up and down, thoughts crowded I hniedly through his brain. Then came I a intense longing to tell her his love I oi learn his fate from her lips. If only g| kknew that he loved him, then it £ Kmed he could go out readily enough I b to-morrow's battle — the to-morrow Eg VI QBu alDIOoL UcgUQ— 9QQ tDccu QtittvU| I m lit came to him, with the courage J vortby of an English gentleman. I P Yes, if only he knew 1 For somehow I he thought that he might never know || We torture to his mind. And yet was 1 fi| it not the merest selfishness on his part I H to aek a girl to pledge her life to him I E; ud confess her love, when that love I I might alter all mean little else bnt mourning and sorrow— the terrible EM enrow of one who knows bnt a few short H bun' betrothal, and then sees the hap- 1 KB piness of all the fntnre shattered in an e9 hrhnti Yes, it was selfishness, he told |9 himself again and again. And yet, a H moment afterwards, he fonnd himself H feeding that, if she really loved him,her 9 psf would hp nnnfl fliA lens noiffllStlt tawse she had no right to mourn for | H hio as a lover, and must stifle the crael I Pfb end keep it hidden in her heart. So the pr08 and cons chased each I H "Hier through his excited mind, till he mddenly awoke to the fact that the Biticof awell-knownqnadrille had been H funding half unconsciously in his ears j in he hardly knew how long. He lonlreri VioeMlvr Ilia nwiffMrnmA. I Bit partner was Alice Maitland, andl 9 | dance half over ! He harried back I hdo the ball-room, and finding her deep I H wnverestlon with Mejor Ashby, he | ririmed his right with an awkward j 'pnlogy for not having presented him- J "a toouer, and led her away on bis j KIQ, 1 waa too late to join in the H "wrille, they directed their steps to -n Huict balcony, that proved unoccupied | that the dance was io progrese. . ! flow it so happened that Alios was P'Mn®d at this an wonted want attention on the part of her cavalier, "ttoimvnu. =J i , . r present lime nan paui uer Bar most absolnts devotion ; 1 , her somewhat natural irritation j the evident confusion and of his manner. Arthur, on I;! andi was qnite oblivions btl tlin«nce,and 88 he. showed- no in- » f8®? fr further apology, nor Indeed k,i , eonvetBation of any Mnd, it fifeaca Upon Perteer to break jtiie j baitT Alice, half playfnUyand eomf.Hi!??1681 88 8,16 ecttied heorif end, to Ax&nr;'e partial eye, most bewitchingly — in the cushions of a sofa, ' well, Sir Truant, have yon nothing more to say for yonrself in explanation of yonr gross neglect V Bnt Sir Truant's mind was so occupied with a graver question that he had little explanation to offer. ' I am afraid not,' he answered Tather j lamely ; « I was In the porch, trying to i get cool.' 'Then yon certainly have heard the | mnsic qnite plainly, and yon might have kept yonr engagement promptly enongh — if you bad cared to, of course.' The words were spoken with a cold ness that showed Miss Maitland was getting really offended ; hat strange to say, Arthur neither noticed the tone in which they were spoken, nor released their meaning, so absorbed was he in the question that was to him so momentous : Is it fair to her — is it fair V The words kept singing in hisears,fal8 fMmw woav tans ITIUU cAbiun ment, yet he could not solve the terrible doubt that had arisen in his mind. Half nnconscionsly he answered in a slow deliberate voice, ' Yes, of course.' Then the sudden glance shot from thosedeepblne eyes— and it robbed them of none of their beanty — and the nn- wonted severity of the lovely face before him almostronsedhimfrom hie lethargy. He made a desperate effort to make conversation, and talked hurriedly and uervuuBiy, aaroiy aware 01 we cuiuing answers she made to his continued platitudes. In trnth, Alice did not stop I to analyse ber own feelings, nor even to consider what could have made her I cavalier eo unlike himself this evening. I That he shonld have left her, whom all the young officers raved about, and who I might have had a dozen partners by the lifting of her little finger — that he should have left her sitting ont, and steadily refusing all applicants nntil the dance was nearly over,had wounded her vanity and hnrt her feelings very considerably. I She bad expected, at any rate, the most abject penitence to follow, or at least I some explanation of his neglect, and was prepared eventually to extend her royal forgiveness to the cnlprit and reinstate him in her favoar. But this calm indifference with which | he regarded his offence, this apparent as- 1 sumption that he conld treat her as he I I liked, stung her sensitive nature to the | quick, and made her for the moment I only too anxions to impress npon him I that he had mistaken the position in I I which he stood to her. I The dance was bv this time over, and I though the balcony where they were sitting was in a retired corner, there were seats near by and occupied now by the couples who had left the ball-room. To Arthur Carrington their presence afforded an indefinite sensation of relief, and for the moment he felt he was reprieved. Tbe longing to speak his heart and learn her answer had at last got the better of his scruples ; yet he felt almost ! giadnowthat hemnst put off the decisive moment a little longer. And ail the time he chattered on thoughtlessly, never heeding thatevery careless sentence I made him appear to her in a less favour- I able light. Then a waltz tone struck np 1 in the ball-room below; the seats near I them were left vacant, and Alice made a movement as thongh she wonld fain I be following the others downstairs, but u«r partner rerusea to notice it- iuu time had come at last and he was deter mined to speak, yet hardly knew how to begin. The words drove him to speech at last. ' Miss Maitland, yon must stay one moment '—the words sounded to Alice very like a command— 'I have some thing I want particularly to say to you to- night,' 'Then, Captain Carrington, I think yon might have said it before ; now I am afraid it must keep till to-morrow,' she answered coldly. ' But, Miss Maitland ' ' Will yon kindly take me downstairs, Captain Carrington ?' she interrupted before he could speak another word. ' I am engaged for this daoce to Major Ashby, and I wonld not miss it for the world.' ThiB time the intention of her tone | conld not escape him. It seemed to burst npon him in a flash that Major Ashby Kiau ubtiu very rthtiuuvti w jxlwb jiuiiip i land lately, and now he remembered heariog that evening some words he had hardly understood at the time. In his excited state he canght np tbe idea only too readily. She had been leading him od, perhaps, only for ber amusement, and all the time Ashby— the very sus picion made the blood leap fiercely to I hie cheek, and the idea carried conviction all the more speedily that, io thepleasant dream of the past few days,such a notion had never once occurred to him. Oh, how blind he had been ! and angry I words rnshed to his lips that in a calmer I mood he would never have uttered. 1 ' Major Ashby's dancing is doubtless I infinitely preferable to my conversation, I bnt — ' ' Perhaps, even Hun the entertaining I conversation with which yon have jnst j I been honouring me,' she retorted quickly ; j 'bnt that is hardly tiie point, I think.' 'Only spare me one moment, Miss j Maitland ; only hear me ; and then I dance with him the rest of the evening, I if yon will,' he continned bitterly. They were both standing now : Alice, i i»Ib with nnrnr : Arthnr Carrimrton, with a wild look in his eye, and speaking j in a voice trembling with a desperate eagerness, Bnt yon don't understand; I it may be the last chance ; hear what I have to say now, or yon may never have I the opportunity again.' 1 The words conveyed to her only one I meaning, and roused all the prldein her -not too hnmble nature. _ 1 ' In that case, Captain Carrington, let | it be never.' She spoke the words clearly | | and decisively, and, drawn prondly.npj to her fnll bright, cast opon him one | glance of scorn and defiance that spoke | to him oniy more eloquently than Tier i 3. 1mm hintHfuf HO worue. xvii uv «»»» j possible ground for. donbt ; ns seized her hand; jabnost crushing it in bisfierce j | eagerness.-- -.vy i-!-i ' At inn 'MWJundj dn yoti quite under- ! etand me l For the last -time— do you mean thatf "Av'li j ' Certainly,' she anBWbred in a tone of icy. /indifference: and at'that moment I JlwyiiecMMawiu IhuedvMitdiiBeaipim.ihem. - | 'This Is tnyds jrithfiron, X thlnlg Miss Mmtiand/lmmiMjfedaa, been waiting for me long.' Then turning a last glance on Arthur, and with a scornful Thankyon, Captain Carrington,' she swept away on the Major's arm. For a moment or two Arthnr stood as one stunned, with a dazed look in his eyes ; then he tnrned on his heel end moved slowly downstairs As he passed the door of the ball-room, he glanced in, and at that moment Major Ashby and his partner passed close by .him in the graceful movement of the dance. The Major's head was bent oyer hers, his cheek almost touching her hair, and the words that he spoke in a low tone in her ear mast have been of pleasant import, to jadge by the charming smile that they evoked. Arthur Carrington turned away, his face very psle, with a hard, drawn look abont the month, and went out into tbe night to seek his qnarters and prepare for the work that was now so close before him. If/innnlitlA ffin mi llnnf. ATnlrtr WAR rapidly improving his position with Miss Maitland. " She was certainly veiy pleasantly disposed to him this evening, and received his little advances with a readiness which, to tell the trnth, the Major had never noticed before. For Major Ashby, althongb he enjoyed, and was not a little prond of, the reputation of being a master in the noble art of lady-killing, did not let his conceit ruin bis judgment, and could usually guess — -M— -1 JIm LI. a... vutsiMnn in a verjr eurowui/ uu tiuc « lady's affection. I do not wish to inrinnate tbat the Major was a systematic heart-breaker; bntthongh his affection for the sex collectively was unlimited, his particular affection for any one member of of it had hitherto proved strictly limited inpoint of duration. In other wordB,iike many another, he was devoted to flirtation, and, what is more, was really skilled in that intricate science. The latest object of his affections was, needless to say, Miss Maitland, whom, thongh _ be had an acquaintance of some standing with her father, he had never met nntil a week ago. Since then he had pro secuted his suit with more earnestness than nsual, sparred on not a little by the evident rivalry of Arthnr Carrington. This evening a considerable weight had been lifted from his mind by the little scene above related, of which he had qnite unintentionally witnessed the ciobs. He had seen sufficient to make him tolerably certain, by putting two and two together, that Arthnr Carrington had proposed and been definitely re fused. Hence he was not altogether unprepared to find himself in sole possession of the field. Yes, there wss no doubt about It, Miss Maitland was bent on making herself extremely agreeable. The Major felt that he was making more advance in that short half honr than he had daring the fall week he had known her ; nor had the charm of her manner ever struck him eo forcibly before. At length, all too soon, the music stopped, and he and his partner retired to the same I balcony where he had found her before tbe dance. They stood in the cool night | air, looking ont across the dusky land- | scape that lay dimly revealed by the | bright starlight. | ' Major Ashby,' she asked suddenly, I 'why is it yon men are all leaving so | early to-night ? I saw a dozen officers or | more preparing to go as we were on our I way upstairs.' I is a secret I'm afraid I hardly ought to | tell — even to yon,' he answered quietly, | his voice lingering softly on those last | words. | ' A secret I' she queried. ' Ob, then | yon must tell me ! I shall never forgive | yon if yon ronse my cariosity in that | way, and refuse to satisfy it.' | ' Well, I am afraid I can refuse yon | nothing,' he said, with a smile, after a | moments pause. In truth, he was | wondering what impression the news | might make npon her. ' The fact, is; we | have orders to leave the ball quietly and | be ready to march in two boors. The | enemy's advance-gnard is reported to I have crossed the Sambre, and we shall | be in action before the day is half over.! | If he had hoped for some sign of dis- tress on her part, he was amply repaid. As she realised the fnll meaning of those | cruelly straightforward words, all the I colour fled from her cheeks. He thought I she would have fainted, and pnt his arm ' I am so sorry for startling you like bhis,' he said penitently j ' but I never bhonght yon would have— any particular interest in the news.' ' Oh no,' she said, with an attempt to Bmile, ' only it was so sadden ; it quite took my breath away !' For a moment neither of them spoke. 1 Alice — Miss Maitland,' at last he continned in an earnest voice — bo earnest that it almost surprised him — 'Miss Maitland, yon don't know what a terrible thing it is for a man to go into battle when his heart is sank in despair ; when he has no hope of tbe one thing that conld make life worth living. If only I thonght — if only you — if yon only ' he stammered, and almost for the first time in his life felt completely at a loss. Her face was very pale, and her eyes; unnaturally bright they seemed, were looking into his with an expression he conld not fathom. She seemed hardly to understand him, and yet to follow every syllable with an almost painful interest ; bnt she answered not a word. Then another couple came and est close behind them, sind he had no farther chance, or perhaps desire, to express his meaning more clearly. He felt he had goneratherfarther thsnhe had intended ; and yet he only half regretted it. » ,.-» Two honrs, "later the regiment . was quietly" fallihg4p" in the open street along which mostbf them were quartered. Not many minutes later all was in readiness, and they were moving qnietly ont of the town on the road to ' honour and glory,' a road along which many a man of them, his heart now beating high with hope, would never return. Asthey left the outskirts of Brussels the Major band himself riding close to j Arthur Cariiqgton, aod attempted, with I ringninrly little success, to draw him into conversation. - | Well, my boy,' he said At last, ' «X I can't cay you're in anentertainlng mood | to- night, and you look iu solemn and I glam'asVSphinx— I give you np ; and j the Major, who was inanipriring-good j adymddA»a%>ealc- impertinence, bnt if yon knew what It means to me, and perhaps yon can guess, I think yon wonld not refuse me.' ' Dear me, we are very mysterious to night ! What may it be 1' qnoth the Major, evidently in an excellent hnmonr with himself and the rest of tbe world. 'Do yon— care for Miss Maitland 1' ' Why, of coarse,' returned Ashby, with a smile ; ' don't we all love her madly 1' ' Yes, but have yon more serious Intentions 1' The Mejor for a moment seemed in doubt as to whether he shonld answer the question; then he replied qnietly: ' Perhaps I have.' Carrington looked aearchingly into his face : ' You really mean that ?' ' Certainly.' And the answer seemed to satisfy his qnestloner,for he remained silent. Presently he spoke again, in a low voice and rather hnskily, eo that the Maror conld Bcnrr.pl v catch the words : I suppose she cares for you T 'I haven't asked her.' ' Bnt yon can make a pretty shrewd gness.' ' Well, she was terribly cat np when she heard I was going Btraight into action to-day, if that means anything ;' and the Major spoke in the oompiacent tone of one who thonght it meant a great desL Then, as if ashamed of having revealed so mncb, he continued sharnlv ' But that's enonch. mv friend. This is hardly a subject for disensrion.' 'Quite - true,' said Arthur dryly. 'Yes,' he mattered to himself, the rich msn and the ewe lamb ; ifs an old story now, bnt none the less sad for all tbat. Thank God,' and the grim thought brought n bitter smile to his lips — 'Thank God, there'll be big fighting these next few days, and a man doesn't often come through big fighting if he doesn't care to.' Yet, alas for the inconsistency of wo man, or perchance the stupidity of man — at this very moment, not half a mile away, Alice Maitland was sobbing her self to sleep, and the name the poor girl murmured so fondly to herself was not a name to which Major Ashby conld lay any claim. No need to dwell npon the agony of those terrible days of suspense, only to be followed by a yet more terrible certainty, when, after news of the glorious battle of Waterloo, came the list of killed and missing, which em bittered the sweetness of victory and shattered the happiness of so many English homeB. Included in that fatal list was tbe name of Arthnr CarringtoD, Captaio, Scots Greys, and what that aimple line of print meant to the girl, who, loving him so truly and fondly, had yet sent him away in hopeless despair, with words she wonld now have given all the world to unsay, we may also leave untold; nor pry into the heart that must needs bide its crnel pain behind tbe mask of cold indifference. The flag was flying over Maitland Court, which proclaimed to the sur rounding country that the Maitland family was at home. Usually they had a large house party In the summer, bnt Sir John had nad a bad attack of the goat, and so there were few visitors. Among these was Major Ashby, now serionsiv in love with Alice Maitland. Jadging from his success on tbe night of the ball, wheo, sb he thonght, she had been within an ace of accepting him, he had anticipated a welcome re ception to farther advances, bnt to his surprise and disappointment he fonnd her cold and reserved when he reminded her of their conversation on the balcony. She was so listless and unlike ber usual self tbat he could not but notice the change. To be precipitate and receive a refusal would have been fatal. The cautions Major wished to make sore of bis gronnd, and by dint of skilful re marks and close observation, he suc ceeded in gueeBing the real trnth of the matter ; and indeed, when he so far forgot himself as to tax her with a love for Carrington, she made no attempt to deny it. The knowledge that Carring ton, and Carrington alone, had had any chance of winning her hand was some thing of a shock to his vanity ; but he pretended to a vast deal of sympathy for her nnhannv attachment, and. in consequence, Alice Maitland and he were before long on very intimate terms ; and the Major reflected that he was making excellent progress and had bnt to bide his time. ThU being the state of affairs, it was not with feelings of unmixed pleasure that one morning at breakfast he re ceived a letter from a brother officer and read tiie following passage : — And now of all people in the world — or, to write more correctly, of all people believed to be ont of the world — whom do you suppose I saw yester day 1 None other than Arthur Carring ton. You may imagine how astonished I was when the poor fellow report had killed and buried some months ago greeted me with a hearty snaxe ot sue hand, which testified conclusively to my donbting senses that he was no ghost bnt veritable flesh and blood. He seems to have bad a very narrow escape, and looks a bit thin and pale, with a slight gash over bis eye from a French aabre ; he fell when first we charged, lay for dead in the enemy's lines, and had a horrible night of it. Strange to say, he never lost consciousness, tnongn he was ridden over by tire Prussian cavalry and very roughly treated by the would be looters. At last, by means of promising a heavy reward, he pre vailed oh a peasant who searched him for coin, and was grievonsly .disappointed at finding his amiable designs had al ready been forestalled, to carry him to his cottage, where he lay at death's door for six or seven weeks ; bnt the peasant and his wife, apparently a very decent couple when their avarice could side with their humanity, managed to pull him through with' the help of a local apothecary, and Carrington left for Brussels with the blessing of the wormy couple. Then he made hisway/to Eng land and London, reported himself at beadqnaiitere and came across me at the clnb.' Major Aehby read this wholly unex pected news, and instinctively glapped atmisbmutiand.-/:';,;'/ 1 Why, my dear Asbby,' ssid old Sir Robert—- quifSfte/itebtojy- -thrnighf.-tiw tn lil f; 'it ' might fain Breakfast over, Major Ashby lit a cigar and strolled by himself on the terrace . 'This dead man turning np like a bad penny is exceedingly awkward,' he thonght, ' and may play the denes with my prospects of marrying Alice - Mait land. There is no doubt that she is very fond of him ; she's been dreadfully cat np abont bis destb, and jnst as I was making waj in her good graces, it's uncommonly hard that those wretched peasants should have saved him and let him come back to England to epoii sport.' And the Major puffed vigorously at his cigar and walked np and down the terrace as he meditated on tho best coarse to pursae in view of the return of his rival. Alice did not yet kDow but tbat her lover waa really killed (and under six feet of earth io the plain of Waterloo), bnt that she would long remain in ignor ance of the real state of affairs waa moBt nnlikelv. At ail events, he would not be tbe bearer of the news ; of that he was determined. All's lair in love and war, and as the cigar burnt lower he came to the conclusion that the only plan for him was to waste no time, bnt propose for her hand tbat very day and trnet to a successful issue. Evidently fortune favoured him, for jast as he had made np his mind to risk all on an immediate proposal at the very first opportunity, the fair cause of his heart-homines steDDed odt of the French window on to the terrace, basket in hand, armed with thick gloves and a pair of scissors, as prettya flower-seeker as one conld well wish to see. Hers was his opportunity all unsought. 1 Fnlly equipped for an expedition among the flowers, I see,' said the Major, flinging away the stamp of his cigar. 'Yes,' she said, 'among the wild flowers this morning.' ' And may I be my lady's escort ? said he. ' Yon may,' she langhed : ' and, like a faithful knight, yon ehall carry the basket.' There had been a heavy fall of dew in tbe night and every blade of grass glistened in the sunshine. A mist over hang the horizon and gave promise of a hot day, and the lazy drone of tbe bees, the languid caw of the rooks, and the distant voices of reapers in a neighbour ing field came softly tbrongh the air. As the Major walked across the lawn toward the meadow beyond, and talked to the pretty girl at his side, he felt as if Nature smiled upon his love, and the sweet hope of possession came over him, wnue cue serpent wnicn larxen ia ms paradise, in the shape of the unwelcome letter, was carefully hidden away in tbe breast-pocket of his coat. Now it happened on this same lovely morning that Arthur Carrington was travelling from London to his home in Gloucestershire, not far from Maitland Court, The beauty of the scenery had no pleating influence npon him, for, as he drove along tbe well-known road, he thonght of his blighted love, and a hundred times be enrsed the Frenchman j who had done his work so ill, and left him life to remember the bitterness of his disappointed passion. Then be wonld npbraid himself for bis ingratitode to the Providence which had preserved him, ailri vow to tSxmk no moro of tiie girt who bad rejected him, but face hiB future like a man, exchange into an Indian regiment, and never see Alice Maitland again. Bnt when the post-chaise drew np at the Maitland Arms, and the postillion got down to water the horses and refresh t himself with a copious draught of ale, ' Carrington felt a great desire to go and see the honse where he bad first met his i fate, and the garden where he" had | walked with her in the old days, seem- j ingly so long ago, before he went abroad, ' and before tbat unlucky night at the Brussels ball. Perhaps, unseen himself, he might even catch a glimpse of his j beloved — see her for the last time. Prudence told him it was a fool's errand, bnt Prudence spoke unheeded. Leaving word that he woold return in half-an-honr, he took a path which led . through meadow-land and corn-field in the direction of Maitland Conrt. J net as be was nesting the highway which divided the fields from the park, his heart beat quickly, for be heard well- known voices, and had jnst time to stand in the shelter of the hedge, when Alice Maitland and Major Ashby, in earnest conversation, came down the road and leant against the dividing style. They were so intent in conversation that they did not notice him, where he stood, not daring to move. To see her tbuB, with hie successful rival, was galling indeed ; Carrington set his teeth, and hoped they woold pass on down the road. He scarcely heard what they were sayiDg, eo dazed waa he with the unwelcome eight, bnt he heard her speak his name, and held his breath, - and conld bnt listen. " ' Yes,' said the Major, speaking very earnestly, ' you loved him ; but that is nflRt; : and nn« that he is dead, it is all different. Snreiy yon will not sacrifice the living for the dead P ' Do yon think,' she said, speaking very slowly, and with evident effort, ' that — that there is no chance that he is — is not dead I He was only reported amongst— the missing.' It seemed so hard to speak out her Impossible, but fondly- cherished hope, only to be shattered by the sceptical common-sense of another. For a moment sue major neeitaiieu. xx was uuo uiuig to conceal the news of a rival's safety, another to deliberately state that he believed him to be dead. She looked np at him with each an eager look in her eyes, that the Major, feeling how little she cared for him in comparison with love for Carrington, fiercely resolved Bhe shonld be bis at all cost, and flung all scrapie to the wind. It is useless to deceive yon with false hopes,' he said.' 'There can be no possible donbt but that Arthur Carring ton was killed— if not we should have had news of him by now.' - Carrington conld contain himself no longer ; every puise io nis oony seemed to be throhblog with the.. exquisite thonght- that she loved tin. Not so dted as you think, Aehby,' he exclaimed, stepping into the -open from ont the shadow hf the hedge, .i Alice gave a;little cry — all joy, /all wondermeDt ; and .would have fallen, but that Arthur canght her iu his arms. , j dtdighted : to. jhave hiep tms- tall'ntorted Azhby. bravely j bntj aerflemhay/thc gtilant Major did art look it . . ' 