Unemployed. A Bitter Experience. LOUS TrfHHT). By "Oct of Wobk." Deab Democrat.—I noticed at one of the meetings held a short time back in connection with the present labor difficulty and depression, that a speaker stated they (the unemployed) were flocking in from the country, and crowding the unfortunates who were out of work in the city out of the chance of any work that might bo available. I am not going to dispute the fact that my co- out-of-workers from the country do make their way into the city, but if they who do so have passed through an experience the sainn as one from whom I gathered the following details, it cannot be wondered at, and that lie anyway made his way into the city. The young fellow I met in Launccston is a native of Longford, a strong and hard working fellow when he can get work, a good all-round farm hand, and thoroughly accustomed to the breaking in and general management of horses. " Out of graft ?" I queried. " Yes very milch out of graft, also out of bootB too. Notice them ?" said the young fellow. I could not fail to noticc them, and asked if he had walked into town. " Walked into town! Tou talk about walking. I'll just tell you the bit of a tramp I have just finished, and you can then judge for yourself the state of the country. " Tou found things pretty bad in the country ?" I asked. " Bad! look here bad is no name for it, I felt like giving up the ghost sometimes." " Where had you been working ?" " When I was knocked off I was grafting at Bishopsbourne, and thought I would take a trip to the coast, so I walked over to Dcloraine. No work to be had there, so I tramped on to Latrobe, where I was still unsucessful. Prom Latrobe I footed it to Emu Bay. No luck. Walked back to Latrobe and on to Deloraine again. From Deloraine I walked to Longford, where I thought that I was almost sure of a job, but it was not to be. I then went over to Crcssy. " Bode over ?" I asked " No, rode be blowed, I walked every inch of the way. Found Cressy as bod as the rest. I walked to Boss, where I discovered the same state, getting nothing to do here, I then proceeded to Oatlands, where I am ell known, but no work. From Oatlands I jogged oh to Brighton, and found I lrfighfc as well have stopped where I started, so I tramped back to Oatlands, and from there to Campbell Town. I had no more success here than elsewhere, and so proceeded to Conara, and from there I walked to Fingal, but I had as much chancc of work there as of getting made a bank manager. Went on o St. Marys', same old result. Getting now horoughly disheartened, I walked back to Conara, where, through the kindness of a friend, I got the opportunity to come into Launceston. " But surely you must" have been able to get ome kind of work throughout such a trip/'jj " I give you mv honest word tliat I offered o tackle any kind of graft. I offered to go or five bob a week and tuckcr. And I got riven to such extremities that I even offered o work for tucker only. And • in several places where I made the offer, I was ^denied the opportunity of working simply- because the people were too hard up to allow them to take another one in . to divide, the daily rations." "Wliatdistancedoyouyeckon you,malted P" " Well, put it down as I sing out?' I did so, and found thatthe distance tramped without getting a solifcaiy day's "work was three hundred and ninety three mile*. " How did you manage to exist f " - " Well, I lid a bob or two when I started, bnt, as you may know, farm hands don't -got large wages, and have not much- chance ofsaving. But the few bob I had carried w through a hit, and then—well, I tightened my belt now and again." .* " Did you meet any like yourself on the road ? " " Tea; at one place I met st least twentyfive, all looking for a job." " How did you find those in work \rero paid; that is, on farms, say ?•" " Very, very low. Look here—at one place I came across a young fellow I knew, as good a cliap for a day's work as you would meet anywhere. What do you think he is getting a week, and he has got something like 30 horacB to look after F " " I could-scarcely say," I replied. • *' Well, eight bob a week. That wjll show what , the country is like. Oan you wonder at chapB coming to town ? Why I met one cove who had been eight weeks out, and he had earnod fifteenshillings. Another chap I know has been looking for work through the country for ten weeks, and has not earned a penny. So you see my case iB not a solitary one." There arc those, in spite of the above, who will aver that the unemployed are a lazy lot, who are looking for work ana praying to heaven they may not find it. The subject of the abovo, howover, is not one of these anyhow. Any man who will walk 400 miles in search of work, spend his last penny in tucker, and trust to luck for the next mouthful, certainly deserves a change of Fortune's wheel. Asking the young fellow why he did not applyto'thc Belief Committee, he rcpliod—" Not mo; I want graft, not charity." Let me hope that the experiences which many of us are passing through just now mil soon be at an end. [Since writing the account of the long walk taken by the young man out of work, I.met him, and he informs me that he has now, he is glad to 6ay, got a job in one of the country townships.— Out of WobkJ 