Murder of a Paramour. At the Old Bailey, oil Wednesday, Geo. Danbury took bis trial for the murder of Emma Oakley at Walworth last June. Oakley and the prisoner lived together up to the day of the tragedy, which at the time was attributed to jealousy. The case, as presented by the prosecution, was that Danbury, who is only 22, drove to the house in a cab, entered, shot the girl in her room, and, calmly walking out of the house, drove away in the waiting han som. Soon after he entered the bouse shots were heard, and on the housekeeper going up stairs she saw the prisoner leav ing. The girl's room she found full of smoke, and Oakley lay near the window bleeding from five wounds on the head and neck. Danbury got out of the cab at the Victoria, haviug ou the way stopped at a public- house, when he told the driver he had shoe a girl. The cabman treated the matter as a joke, but prisoner said it was a serious matter, and produced the revolver. The cabman snatched the wea pon from him and kept it. Prisoner gave him 18 cartridges, but begged for the re volver. On returning to his lodgings he was arrested. He told the officer that they *' had not given him the ghost of a chance," but added, "It is just as well you did not." Briggs, the cabman, in his evidence said when he took the revolver from pri soner, Danbury said he would give him all the money he had to return it. Witness said, *' No, not for £50." Cross-examined i Prisoner had been drinking heavily for months before. George Barnwell, tailor's cutter, 246, Westminister Bridge road, said prisoner told him about having shot his girl, but witness disbelieved the story at the time. Danbury added that he had spent £40 on the girl in a fortnight, and was about to be married to her. That morning, however, -vob"YT -t'T1 -w* -«■ yuUllC*flOU86 with two men, and nothing on but her dressing-gown, and he lost his temper and went off and bought the revolver. He was somewhat the worse for drink. " Mr. Warburton, in defence, asked the jury to say that the case was one of man slaughter. After two hours' deliberation, the jury returned into court with a verdict of guilty, but a recommendation to mercy on the ground of the prisoner's youth. The foreman said that two of the jurors bad not beard the evidence, which had been explained to them by the other jurors. The judge said the two jurors ought to have told him that before be began the case. The verdict must be the verdict of 12 men, and be bad no alternative but to discharge the jury, and try the case again. The prisoner was again brought up on Friday. Briggs was cross-examined with the ob ject of showing that members of his family bad suffered from insanity, and that the prisoner himself had been drinking for months. Mr. Warburton, in defence, asked the jury to say that the case was oue of man slaughter only. It was idle for him to suggest that the prisoner should be ac quitted on the ground of insanity. The man was not absolutely insane, but he said to the jury that there had been a sud den quarrel betw eeufthe prisoner and the deceased, and that, maddened by jealousy, the prisoner, in the heat of the row, dis charge the revolver. Deceased was a strong, muscular woman, and if she strug gled for the revolve r held out to frighten her, the firing of the five shots would be the work of a moinen t. They had heard of the mental condition of the prisoner, and the chances were that he was so dazed as not to know what ret illy did occur. The jury, after half an hour's delibera tion, found the prisoner guilty of murder and he was sentenced to oleath. 