CATHOLIC NOTES. AT the evening service on Sunday, the 23rd April, in the parish chureh of Tore dell Annunziata, near Naples, a candle set fire to some hangings, and the flames spread to a portion of the woodwork. The churoh was very full, and a terrible panic arose. The people rushed to the doors, and a fearful crush resulted around the narrow exits. Five children and eight women were trashed to death, and a large number of persons were injured. THE Emperor of Germany has addressed a letter to the Bishop of Metz, Mgr. Fleck, whioh, though couched in moderate terms, finds serious faults with the attitude assumed by that prelate in introducing to the Pope a body of pilgrims from Lorraine. In his speech Mgr. Fleck told the Pope that the Catholics of Lorraine grieved to see him a prisoner in the Vatican, and that they hoped an end would be put to this state of affairs, The letter says the Emperor learns with regret that one of the Princes of the Church in Germany should have used such language, so unjust to Italy—language whioh was almost an outrage on his Majesty King Humbert; but the Emperor believed that the Bishop's words had run in advance of his opinions, and for this reason, as his Majesty did not wish to use extreme measures, a word of warning would suffice. At the same time the Emperor forbids any German cleric from meddling in political affairs. THE Right Rev. Lord Petre died on Monday afternoon (says the Irish Catholic of 6th May) at Chelmsford. The deceased prelate was only in his forty-seventh year, and took ill rather suddenly on his return to Chelmsford from Bath on Saturday. He was born 26th February, 1847, and succeeded as 13th baron in 1884. Fr. Petre, who waB a domestic prelate to his Holiness, and a D.L. for Essex, took a considerable interest in education and educational methods, and at one time established a high-olass school for boys at Woburn, in the Isle of Wight, where he endeavoured to put his theories into practice, but the college only existed for a year or two. The Petres are an old English Catholic family, the founder of the house being Sir John Petre, Knt., M.P. for Essex 1584-7, who, in 1603, was raised to the peerage. The late peer, Right Rev. William Joseph Petre, was patron of four Protestant livings, but being a Catholio could not present, The last Sacraments were adminiB- -t'erea\by Cardinal Vaughan and Monsignor Gilbert. . JUsf year upwards of nine French prelates were deprived of their stipends owing to the attitude whioh they had assumed joWards the Republic, but with one exception these have just been restored to them. Mgr. Gouthe-Sonlard, Archbishop of Aix, has not benefited by this arrangement. THE Paris correspondent of the • London Chronicle says:—" The French Government is about to raise another religious difficulty. Cardinal Richard, Arohbishop of Pans, having asked the Pope to allow him to have a coadjutor with the rights of succession, the Minister of Publio Worship has replied that the nomination of coadjutors will be opposed because of the loss of State oontrol over the bishoprics flaring the vaoancy of the See. The Concordat is said to favour the petition of Cardinal Biohard." THE following Ave has not been seen in ngland (says the Tablet) for nigh on three enturies, and only three copies of it are nown to exist. It is by Richard Verstegan, from " Odes in Imitation of the Seven Penitential Psalms; with Sundry other PoemB and Ditties Tending to Devotion and Piety." Imprinted Anno Domini M.D. CI. (sic). Copied in the Bodleian Library, Oxford, by Orby Shipley, M.A., 10th May, 1893:— Hail Marie, filled full of grace, Our Lord remains with thee, And thou, amongst thy sex's race, Remainest best to be. And as thou blessed did'st become, So did'st thou blessed bring, The blessed Fruit that from thy womb So blcssedl; did spring. Both now and when wc yield our ghost To Him prefer our case, Bccausc His mercy lastcth most And thou art full of grace. THE elevation of the Most Rev. Dr. Conmy to the Episcopate as coadjutor to the late Bishop of Killala is the occasion of a most gratifying testimony of the Catholio laity of the diocese of their affection and esteem for the new prelate, in the form of an artistically 