LOCAL NEWS. The magisterial enquiry opened last week, into theeircumetanceeeurroundlng tbe accident wblch occurred in tbe bolter of tbe Government eteamer Llewellyn by which the boy Stanley Ward Byrne was do eev-re|y burned tbat be died within 24 hours, was concluded before | tbe Police Magistrate (G. L. Lukin. Esq ) at the C--urt House yesterday morniog. The following additional evidence was taken Dr. Gard' etatei : Am resident surgeon of tbe Maryborough hospital ; on tbe 3rd October tbe deceased was ad mitted into tbe hospital ; saw him about 11.33 a m. and examined bim ; found bim euSering from severe burns on tbe bead, body and limbs; tbe wounds bad been dressed previously to his being brought to tbe hospital; be was Buffering a great deal of pain; administered medicine to relieve the pain ; he was terribly burned all ovar tbe cbest, face and abdomen, in fact all over bis body except the left leg and back ; there was not tbe slightest chance of bis recovery from tbe first ; be died about 5 a.m. tbe day »fter being ad mitted. Joseph Concannon stated; Am a fireman on board the Llewellyn ; knew tbe deceased ; about 10 a.m. on the 3rd October beard my brother Timothy Con cannon call for help ; ran towards bim; eaw bim going towards the boiler with a piece of canvas; he called for a lamp; went for it ; when I came back I saw bim trying tn get ttie deceased through tbe manhole door of the boiler; ran to help him ; lifted the deoeaBed out and pulled bie clothes off'; they were all smoulder ing ; laid bim on deck ; Dr. Harricks was eetit for ; he was afterwards removed to i the hospital ; did not bear my bmtber or deceased getting any instructions to go into tbe boiler ; have been about 12 years a fireman on b'.ard the Llewellyn ; bave never seen turps used to clean boilers, j Tbe depositions will he forwarded to Brisbane. A meeting of tbe Albert State School Committee was held last night. Tbe correspondence tbat bas taken place be tween tbe Department and tbe Commit tee relative tn the grant for gardening purposes was read and discussed aod sur prise was expressed that no definite reply bad been received. It was repnrted that no reply bad been received to the Com mittee's protest against tbe removal of Mr. M'Kenna. heyoDd the faot tbat be bad been consulted by tbe Department as to bie wishes. This was considered gratifying and an assurance tbat tbat teacber would be retained. Tbe head master complained bitterly nf tbe irregu lar attendance of pupils, which in a great measure tended tn tbrow tbe school back when the examinations took place. He asbed the committee tn advise bim what action tn take io reference tn them. A number of names were mentioned and Messrs. W. F. Harrington and A. E. Kemp undertook to interview tbe parents with a view of getting a more regular at tendance of tbe children. Tbe bead teacher was asked to prepare a list of all delinquents in order thBt several mem bers nf committee could call upon tbem. It wbb pointed nut tbat io examinations tbe whole class could be tbrown back by one unprepared pupil. Accounts amount log to £7 2'. were passed for payment. It was resolved to make an appeal to (iareuts for funds tn enahle them to carry nut gardening and other necessary im provements tn winch tbe Government bad declined to contribute. AN accident bappeoed at, tbe Vulcan Foundry yesterday, through which a young man, uaiq'-'d Robert James, a learnerriitter, received nasty injuries. He, with o-bers, were engaged in knock? inn the ehaft nut --f a sugar-roller, and at ? be time the accident occurred was hold ing HDD end r.f tbe lever, which was belug used to preveut the roller froui hhiftiug lie positlou, nu iiis shoulder. However, tbe roller got nut of position, aud as the ''ram,' weighing aniiie lOiwt., cauae down it glanced off on to tbe end of the lever Jamea was holding witb such foroo as to knock him off his feel, and wnen picked up it was found that two nasty wounds had been Inflicted on ills cheek aud neck. Dr. Peony was at mioe sent for, uod ou ai rival dressed th-) wounds, which also bad to be stitchod up. The blow elso rendered him partially uncoij acious, and a stretcher waB procured, and be was carried iiou^e hy a cuuple of the fouudry men. A MBKT1NU nf ladies wbo bad malls at tbe late Bazaar In aid nf tbe Convent Building Fund and tbe Building Com mittee was held yesterday. Accounts were presented shewing tbat after all liabilities are discharged, tbere would he euffloiant.to pay oft tbe whole of tbe bal anoe of tbe cost of the convent building, fencing, architect's fees, etc. Cordial votes ol thaoks were passed, to be con- veyed by tbe secretary to tbe ladies of otber denominations who bo kindly as. elated at tbe Bazaar, and to tbe Mayor, Dr. Garde, and Mr. Htedman, for tbelr able assistance at tbe Biigaar and Grand Drawing. In 'Sugar's' letter on tbe Central Mill Bill io yesterday's Issue tbe word ' I«ls ' should read ' Tiaro.' A magnificent range of patterns io Hummer Suitings, Trouserings. Vestlngs, Drills, Ducks, Serges, snd Hsrgerettes, are being abown In the Tailoring Depart ment at Finney, Tales and Co.'s. Tbe oew tariff of prices are attraotlng general HtteotioQ, At tiie Police Court yesterday mnrnlug. IWnre G. h- Lukin, Esq., P.M., Natha. nlel R,we, on remind, from Culldera.for wife desertion, waa further remanded until ttils morning. Charles Flanagan pleaded guilty tn being drunk In Kent street. Setilor-S-Tgeaul Gallagher elated tbat tbe defendant had ten previous charges against hliu fordrunhe'iiiess. and lie was a perfect nulsanc''. The defeudatit asked to be given another (?liaiine, as tin waa going to get a |ob at Chllders. aud would clear out nf tiie town. Ou these Omdiilniia lie was discharged. A BOOT twelve months ago a little daughter of Mr. Jamea, hpadui»st«r of the Albert School, luet with a serious Injury to one of tn-r eyes through failing upon a elicit, which tore the membranes very badly. Tn» sight was almost d-- s'myeil and the eyelid nearly taken nil. Mrs James took tbe cblld to Englaud for expert treatment, and will arrive in Maryborough to- morrow, the mieMon having heeu a successful one, as under ekiirui treatment the eyesight bas been restored, and tbe mark of tbe injury almost obliterated. Mr. Herbert Hherwin, a rising teuor, and bis accomplished friend*, give a concert In the Town Hall on Friday night next. Mr. Sherwin, who has a very sweet tennr voice, will elug several ballads. Mr. C^oil Owen, an elocti cutioniat, will give eouie popular recita tions, and e^veral local amateurs will also sing. Diiriiu the evening there will be dissolving lliu- lltrhl views of places of interact and i»'auty in the chief Aus tralian capitals aud a tu&guifyiog; pbonc graph. The regular monthly meeting of tbe Chamber of Commerce takea place on Thursday afternoon Io tbe School of Arts, when tbe new committee will meet for tbe first time. The business tbat sbould bave tbe consideration of tbe meeting Is the repeatedly shelved bill of lading, tbe Melbourne Chamber of Com- ! merce's proposal Tor arbitration In lieu of | tbe legal process of recovery, and tbe Sugar Works Guaraate- Bill. We understand that as eoon as tbe Antigua bridge is crossable a large quan tity of rolling stock now lyiog In Bris bane in need of repairs will be despatched witbout delay to the Maryborough rail way works which will in consequence be very busy for some time atterwards. The large accumulation of work ia due to tbe fact tbat eioce tbe Iodooraopilly bridge carried away accees to tbe Ipswich works has been impracticable. Yesterday was a hot day witb a Btrong north wind. In the afternoon storm-clouds bovered about witb occa sional thunder, but only a slight eprinkle of rain fell. Last night waa eultry, tbe north wind continuing, and the eky being fleoked witb flying scud. The con ditions were favourable for a storm in-day. The following is tbe return and report of the Maryborough Hospital for tbe week ending October 14tb, 1893:— Re- maiued, 21 ; since admitted, 8 ; total, 29 ; discharged, 2; died, 1; remaining— males 17, females 9, total 26 ; outdoor, 18 ; total treated, 41 The death was tbat of Stewart Gordon, aged 49 years, of Mary borough. A special meeting of tbe Granville Divisional Board will be held to- morrow afternoon, when Mr. Bartbolomew'e notice of motion relative to tbe alteration of tbe day of meeting and nffice hours will be considered. Tbe Tuan Creek bridge contract will also receive con sideration. The Pbilbarmonic Society give tbolr concert to-morrow evening in the Oddfel low's Hall, and we are glad to be able to state that Mr. Hurbert Sberwio, tbe capable tenor, now touring tbese parts, will sing oo that occasion. The annual meetiug of tbe School of Arts Whist Cluo will be beld to-night. Besides tbe usual business a challenge tn play any eight otber Maryborough wbiat players will be considered. In connection witb tbe School of Arts Technical classes, tbe second qnarter of tbe Frencb olass bas now commenced. An evening class from 7.30 to 0 bas been formed. All rates in the Tinana Division not paid by the 1st November will be sued fO'. The Rev. George Martin writes to tbe 6\. SI. Herald,'.—'' In observing tbe planet Venus this (Thursday) evening just, after sunset, witb a 4m. Grubo equatorial, I was surprised to find a comet lu Ibeeame telescopic neid with tbe planet. I tbought at first it must be a ghost, or some flaw in tbe glass; hut on turning tbe telescope on to the double eLar Aotares I found things all right, and tbe little companion to tbe scar quite distinct. Ou re-jbserving tbe plauet witb Various powers tbe comet was a finentijeot. lu relation to tbe planet tbe nucleus was soutb, following, and tbe tall spread out lu a fan-like cdrve, in part enveloping tbe planet but in nowise detracting from Its brilliancy. For a few moments to ibe naked eye tbe planet was involved lu a distinct nebulosity, tbougb no clouds were in tbe sky near tbe plauet.1' In the Western Champion of 3rd Octo ber appears a notice, signed, ' By order nf the Provisional Committee, George Field,' and addressed to tbe delegateB and agents acting for and nn behalf of the Queenalaud Labourers' Union, stating that at a meetiug of tbat uoiou and tbe Shearers' Union beld at Bowen Downs on Ibe lOtb September it wbb 'declared tbal tbere is sufficient reasoo to doubt the stability of the uuiou as it Is now con stituted,' and a resolution was carried ' to separate from the Shearers' Union aud lo w|lbdraw from the clique or party known bb Iho A h F.' The iSoulhporl (England) fisitor an nounces tbe death of Mr. Charles L*ru? hert Depree, late Engineer In Charge of Railway Surveys in cmiueolion witb tbe Queensland Government, which took place at his resldeuce.Oakworth, Morley road, at Ibn age of 48. He went to Queensland, Australia, some 23 years ago, as an engineer In tbe employ of the Queensland Government, and beld several important positions, and was in Charge of the construction of tbe most important railway gqdertakings in the colony. The last CornMU, light, bright, and readable, nn usual, numbers amongst Its other papers a clever character ski-tch of tbe modern maiden, whose liovt Is her Intellect Her chief aim in life into forward the cause of eduaa ion. She is ] nue of the prune movers In the great scheme for bringing knowledge io the | masses— Instead «f letting the niaeses ] ooiue aud take it. She uiay he h-'«ii at cheap lectures in thetuburns lu an Illill | Hug cloth dress, leaning that heavy brow nu ilm large flim band, dilnking in the J leolur^r'ia period*. She does nut goto church very itinnli. She complains that the clergy are deli ?lent In Intellectual power. There Is a Vague mystery ovsr lianglng her religious tenem. ISlie has learnt too mucn. It 1s often en with women, One finds that as soon as they know mure (Mm the local curate they hpgln to look dnwn upon St. Paul, and Paley, and gnod Bishop Butler, and a few otbers wbo may not have been In tellectual as the word Is understood to day, but. who, nevertheless, wrote some ?olid stufl. Intellect Is not a tragedy. Not by any means. She would be in dignant at tbe thought. Sbe Is naturally of a grave temperament— all great tbinbers are. She Is quite devoid of any sense of the ridiculous, wbicb is a great blessing— for Intellects. She is prr foundly convinced that she is an interest ing woman. She feels at the cheap lec tures 'hat local young women of mind nudge each other and a»k who sbe is. Sbe frusta they will profit by her example, and In time tbey may perhaps acquire ber powr nf concentration— they may in time learn to bring tbeir whole mind bb she brings hers (a muob larger aflalr) tn bear up:)0 the question lu band. She doeB not know that they are commenting upon her clothing and longing for the lecture to be over tbat they may walk home witb a person who is waiting for them oulside. Tbere is no one waiting for Intellects outside- notevenacabman. SENATOR Woloott. of Colorado, leader of the extreme wing 'f the Silver party, whose speech in tbe Senate ou Thursday last week attracted wide notice on account of its frank admission ' tbat bimetallism was impassible without Ibe assistance of Great Britain,' ia one of the striking personalities of Ameiican politioal life. Rich, haudsome, young, well-educated, and a good speaker (says the Dally Chronicle ), be has won a conspicuous place in the public eye, while bis unfortu nate sporting proclivities have made bim knowu from Maine to California as a ' merry' pluuger. He bas won aud lost a fortune nn tbe turf, and a few years ago, in one game of poker at a celebrated Long Brancb gambling-bouse, is leported to to bave loBt over £5000 in two hours and forty minutes. Tbe game at which these amounts were loBt had no limit, tbe smallest bet allowed was £50, and the amount of money wbicb changed bands totalled over £13,000. Tbe aggregate wealth of tbe five men who formed the card party is placed at nearly £40,000.000 ! Yon must take time to look at a picture. A* a fanioue German writer lias aptly said, ' You must treat a work of art like a great man. Mtand before it, and wait patiently till it deigns tn speak.' In the art galleries you will see persons who purBUe this policy Tbey -will sit orstaud for a long time in front of some famous painting. New beauties and fine bite of work will constantly be revealed to tbem; for It muet be remembered tbat it has taken tbe artiet a long time to execute a really great worb of ari. He bsB put, as we say, bis beart or soul into the work, and we caonotfexpecttn appreciate, much less tn uoderstad, it If we simply give it a hftnty glance. On tbesubjeatof tbe misused (or rightly used) word Menu,' 'Gourmet' writes to tne London limes, and in bis letter quotes tbe following bill of fare taken from a ' bouse where tbe dinner is always as good as tbe company.' In form it was like a miniature Blue-book, be eays, and on tbe cover mi printed ' Alimentary Papers. Supply. Corres pondence respecting the Department of tbe Interior. Laid on tbe table provi sionally. Presented and commended to both Houses of Parliament, and tbelr BiBters, and tbeir couBins, and tbeir aunts. (A— No. 1.)' Realism does not make good art, or else our oil paintings would be relegated to the cellar and tbe wsfworbs of Madame Tussaud, and the Eden Mnaee would be set up in our art galleries. Some nf t he great pictures of Sir JoBbaa Reynolds are rapidly fading into In distinctness. The Queen's Consultation on the Caul field Cup will be drawn for publicly next Friday night. Investors are requested to be present. 