TAU'S WP TWK WITT) HST. GI-ANUKKtf, OF SQUATTERS' UULCH. 'JT'HT! stranger was intoxicated. Tlici «» VI/ was no mistaking it. He wai? ah.) ti«*|y There war no room for a, doubt of that, either. Tho hilarious patrons of the Taran tula Saloon had for some hours been watch* ing his increasing opulence of alcholism and combativencss, with that interest which alwavs marked them when nroapects of a light became prominent. It may be supposed, thorefore, that the movements of the stranger, upon the nighb of which I write, were viewed with some thing more than common interest. One by one the leading citizens had dropped into tho Tarantula Saloon during tho evening, until the tables were well surrounded, and the bar was lined with watchful observers. 'Who's the stranger?' inquired Tom Cathcait, in a careless way, as he dealt three cards to Jack Gashwilder. ' Dunno,' briefly responded thatauthority, throwing his hand down in a disgusted way. ' He's only just arriv', and it's my opinion aa how, if he keeps on, he'll reach the end of his lariat extremely quick.' ' I've half a mind,' mused Mr. Cathcarb, pleasantly, 'to rise up and give him a benefit myself. I don't like no Missouri mudeater to stand the boys up like he's doing.' ' Never miod,' affably rejoined Gash wilder, with that air of authority which gave bis opinions such great weight ; u hold on a bit. Fur*lined George will be along soon, and the stranger will have to take water then. Let him go on. Gimme two cards.' ??Hollo!' ejaculated Mr. Oathcart, a moment later; 14 the ball has begun.' Everybody in the room had arisen to his feet. The tall Missourian, a man of angulur frame and sinister vteage, had at last succeeded in drawing somebody into a con troversy. The citizens of Squatters' Gulch were about to be entertained. 11 Humph !' muttered Mr. Oathcart, 'it's a shame for him to nick a row with Glanders. The poor chap can hardly hold his own head up, let alone fighting. I've a mighty good notion to sail in myself.' 'Hold on!' cautioned Jack Gashwilder, with his index finger laid knowingly along his nose; 'Thomas Glanders is all right; f he ia slow bub sure. Look there !' The quarrel at the bar had been growing louder. The stranger, inflamed with the fiery liquor ho had been drinking, had selected one of the least offensive men in the ''* ? settlement as the special object of fils dis* ? A: : . . pleasure. This person, a Mr. Thomas Glanders, was a quiet, respectnbly-drcssecf man, with a stolid face and a 'dejected manner, who was looked upon in a friendly, often a pityingly light by his companions. The stranger was heaping abuse on Glanders' head— abuse which he could not comprehend, and which seemed to half bewilder him. Hut the offensive Missourian went on, goaded to increased fury by his own words. Still Glnuders stood helplessly gat ing about him, making no reply, hut occasionally passing the back of his rough brown hand across his forehead. Finally, In a tpanspoit of rage, tho stranger drew a revolver. Then Glanders seemed to awaken. Ho spoke for the first time. 'Putit up,' he said, quietly, 'or I will kill you.' The stranger laughed, * and the crowd! angry and menacing, began to close in upon him. Glanders motioned them back. ' Put it up,' he repeated, ' or I will shoot . you in your tracks.' The stranger fired, and a parb of Glanders' hat fell to the floor. Pow of the citizens of the Gulch, had known or would have believe he could act .-with such decision. He had hitherto been thought by them to beaslow and easy-going person, too inoffensive to be trodden upon, and too gentle to respond with violunnc. But upon this occasion he belied his reputa tion. Quick as lightning—so quickly that only one or two in Ihe room saw the movement — a derringer ?sprang from his pocket, a deep report sounded through the , room, and the stranger fell to the floor. There was silence for a moment. Then the wounded Missourian, after writhing a moment where he lay, beckoucd Glanders towards him. He was no longer violent. The fumes of the drink had quite evaporated from his brain, and he realised what had happened. Glanders, whose auger had dis appeared as quickly as ib came, when he saw he was the victor and his life was no longer threatened, stepped forward, and raised the stranger's head to his knee. ' ' Whiskey,' he said, shortly, to the bar keeper. Tne wounded man, somewhat revived by ihe stimulant, motioned Glanders to lean closer, and he obeyed. There was nothing but pain in his red face now, and great beads of perspiration stood out upon his forehead. The stranger whispered a few words brokenly, and then suddenly fell back, dead. Glanders lowered the man's head to the floor, and then slowly arose to his foet. The hush which had some time ago fallen upon the crowd was not yet disturbed. 'Boys,' said Glanders, in a voice which trembled slightly, ' I hated to do it, but it couldn't be helped. I'm sorry it was so, and I'm willin' to abide by what you say. If it was murder, string me up and be quick about it !' A murmur that rose almost to a shout ran ? through the room. Every man there endorsed his cause. Glandors began to move y slowly towards the door. He paused once, £ drew his hat down over his eyes, buttoned i his coat tightly about his throat, and thrust J his hands into his pocket? with an air that indicated a purpose. 'Poor things !' he muttered, as he strode ? into the night. ' They're orphans now, and I made ?em so !' . . * * * * ♦ * * ' ? . ? Ihawn back some paces from the roadway, ? i close to the trunk of a tall- pine tree, some . . ? distance from the sturdy settlement of Squatters' Gulch, was one of tho?ehuge, ungainly vehicles which, in the early days . - ' of pioneering, were known as prairie schooners. Near by, dimly seen through the darkness, were two lean, unhappy -look- i ing horses, browsing it, a helpless way upon i the scant herbage which the place afforded.' At i he foot of the tree a heap of smouldering embers showed there had been a small lire earlier in tho night. This was the scene into which Glanders peoredhalf«au'houraftorthetragicoccurrence « have jusb described. For a long bime he 8afc, \ thoughtfully and ailontly, upon the polo of i the waggon. So far as any sign of his was concerned he mi^ht have been asleep. ? ; ? VoasiUy he was going over tho events of the evening. Perhaps he was framing a schomc for the future. When more than an hour had thus slipped by he came out of his reverie, aud rose te . ;ij;- his feet. Thomas Glandors was a methodicul T- -7 man. For yearn lie had plodded along in a quiet, careworn manner, accomplishing nothing that, any of his companions could -? ?? discover, but never complaining of ilMor* \t\s. tune or pain. Men supposed he must have , , money. \- v..-. . .Ho. lived well, but unobtrusively, and he never had difficulty iu meeting his obligu r .. tiona. To the tuflering lie was always kind, . ? - ' i Indeed, the local clergyman, who found fow bub sour grapes in this vineyard, was wont . i . ? to say that Thomas Glanders could be relied V',:;. ? upon, when chanty was needed, to give as r libaiully an a gambler. j ? But fchero was no ostentation about him. t Ho lived by method. He arose and went to bed at certain hours, he ate at prescribed times, ar..l Ik drank his four glasses of » whishoy overy day as regularly as he &Y; ?? » breathed. His was a purely matter-oMact ;w- ltfo. Whatever bad luck came to him— and ''*? it wpp altogether out of proportion to hfo jood f.iUine— he accepted it without a word of compUint. ^ 1 'I®1' Glanders arose from his position upon the jiolo of the waggon, his first opera- I ^ to pile a few sticks of wood upon ! Ulio c-cpLs, In a little while there was a blaze. j n-hlMi, after MitiUerins; * moment, gave out considerable t it; lit. This illumination, or tho sound of (SUndeiV footstep ubuul the place, apparently aroused some degree of life insi'l' Hie wagguu, for there was a slight movement, anil then achiliii-h voice, lather petulant in it# lone, said : ' The old man, I s'pose.' 'Shot up!' responded another voice, obviously that of a lud, 'or you'll get another larrupin'. Ef lie's full, he's sassy.' Glanders leaned against the tree, ana all became quiet again. For tho second timo sinco he nnd arrived upon this scene, he fell to thinking, Hnd, as before, his reflections were 10 absorbing that he lost all conscious ness of what was passing around him. lie did nob evon notico that the canvas flap of the waggon was raised, and that two very big, blue eyes were peering cautiously through the aperture thus formed. It was entirely without his knowledge that the owner of those curious eyes stole out of the waggon and cropt slyly towards him. Not until alio spoke was he aware of her presence. ' Where's the old man!' were the first words Glanders heard. They startled him slightly, and he looked earnestly into the young face that was upturned to his, Perhaps it was the Dicker ing of the firelight that caused the quick shade that fell across his face. line it looked like an expression of pain. The girl, annoyed at his silence, went on, impetuously : ' Don't your hear': What is the matter of you? Where's the old man ?' 'Down the gulch,' replied Glanders, slowly, and with sonic difficulty. ' Oh,' said the girl, with an odd mixture of sarcasm and curiosity. ' He sent you up to say he was drunk, I s'pose ? Said ho wouldn't be home till he got good and ready —didn't he » Told you to tell us to look sharp, or he'd lick both of us when he got home, I reckon — hoy ?' 'Does he beat you, then '/'asked Glanders, with a weak attempt at evasion. 'Does lie'; Now you just bet he does. And I've got my opinion ot a big loafer, tlint licks a little gid like me, what can't help herself. Home day he'll wake up the wrong outfit, and then he'll get put under the daisies with his boots 011 — you hear me?' Glanders did hear her, and he shuddered. But ha was strangly attracted by the big eyed, rough-spoken little girl, who stood there looking liitn in the face and ejecting her words with an energy that would have been ludicrous under other circumstances. Shu was a slender child, perhaps 12 years old. Her hair was curly and light, and it fell in a tangled mass over her forehead and neck. She was poorly clad, and her brown feet had long been strangers to the cramping iuQiience oi shoes. There was a touch of great pity 111 Glanders' oyes as he looked at this child standing there in the firelight and regarding him fixedly. 'Come here,' he said, after tiwhile ; ' come here aud talk with me. I want to ask you some questions.' ' I'll do it,' she declared, in a voice from which the sharpness had all gone. ' 1 don't can't tell why. It ain't 'cause you're lund some— that's dead sure.' Glanders paid 110 attention to this uncom plimentary allusion to his personal appear anee.v ; With him it'was no time for idle words or thoughts. ' Tell me,' he said, when the girl had settled herself on the ground in front of him, 'do you love the old man 1 — aro you fond of hiui.'* - Weill', responded the girl, after a pause, I; can't say as I'd like to eat him. He's too liaiidy w.itli the back of his list to make me so invful dead in love with him.' i Glumiers sighed, as though he felt relieved friiirsome anxiety. i But, then,', the girl went on, with childish' frankness, 'you can't quite hate a iniuj when he's the only put-Lector you've got. Ugly ds lie was, he putall the bread into my liio'uth tie ever went there, and I've got to reiueniber tlmt. Sometimes there wasn't much, of it, and sometimes it wa# mislay queer bread. But aa n gen'ral thing he. did the best lie knowed how, and ? Say, what are you thinking about so hard ?' Glanders was just at that moment think ing lie was about the darkest criminal in the world. To save himself from possible destruction he had killed a follow beiug— an act, I regret to say, which was not sufficiently infrequent in those iliys, and in that section, to call lor any special regrets upon its own account. But Glanders reflected that in depriving tho Missouri bully of his lit.;, he had also taken away the only prop 11 pari' which this helpless child lomied for support, It was a reflection which filled him at lirflL witli dismay and self-reproach, and then with a certain definiteness of purposo. ' Sis,' said he, after a. moment, passing his hand over her straying curls with a kind of rough tenderness that was not without its element of magnetism ; ' sis, ef thai- was a man — mind ye, I don't say tliar is a mail — butef thar was one as come to you and says, says this man, ef so be as yosi two children wants a homo, bein' without one, ye can come and live along of me, aud though it ain't a refined aud ellygant abode— ef any man wns to say this to yc, and your dad didn't par-ticularly mind, what would you answer Tho girl looked full in his face. ' Answer ? Why, I'd collar the offer like chain-lightning— only,' she hesitated an instant— ' only the old man nevor'd stand by and let me have such a good thing as that — never. ' 'He'll nevor bother ye any more,, my child,' said Glanders ' Do ye feel very bad about it?' ' Bad ?' she echoed. 'Yes. The old man has been took, as ib were. He was killed, my child, and the man what offers to take ye into into his home is Life one as did it.' The young girl started back, and regarded Glanders with a strange expression. It was not a look ol repulsion, or anger, or fright, but rather a look of astonishmenb. Presently, aftei peering into his eyes for some little time, she said : ' Then I don't believe ib was your fault. You ain't the kind of a man to do that sert of thing 'tliout a cause. And as for me, it's a stonishin' he hasn't ketched it afore.' Glanders took a deep breath, which sounded like a sigh of relief. ' Then,' said he, ' we must be movin'.1' In the morning the camp of Squatters' Gulch was surprised to see a huge emigrant waggon drawn up to the door of Glanders' cabin ; and. Inter in the day, it was still further astonished to observe two children, a boy and a girl, playing about the place. Who they were, and where they came from, was a doep and absorbing mystery. That their advent was connectcd with the death of tho stranger was nob a theory which occurred to many of the citizens. Ono of the leading explanations put forward by tho.?e who conversed upon the subject was the proposition that Glanders' aupposititious wife in the States— an appendage which was attached in a greater or less degree to the main bulk of the population of that salubrious locality— had forwarded her childron to bo cared for by their legitimate protector. Bub whatever Squattors' Gulch may have thought or expressed upon the subjoot, Squatters' Gulch did not carry its curiosity offensively near to Glanders, or his cabin on tlio hill. Meanwhile, in the cabin itself, there were some odd developments. The new residents had quietly domosticated themselvos with that affluent confidence which is the distinguishing trait of that migratory child hood of the Wost, which being cast this way and that by tho changes which constantly occur in new countries, readily accustoms itself to fresh surroundings. One night, sitting before the firo, with his short clay pipe in Ills mouth, and the children on the ilooi at hie feet, dreamily regarding the conk Glanders broke the silence. 'Sis,' said he, ' I don'b want to pry Into no family socrots of youro, cos it ain t nono ul my business perticklerly, but, at the same time, it ain't reasonable fer mo to go 011 always u-calliu' of ye 1 Sis,' and the young chap ' Bub.1 ' ' That's so, I reckon,' promptly replied the young girl. ' My namo's Lucy Bryton. And his'n, pointing to the boy, ' his'n is Kobert. His t'other name ain't liko mine, though, 'cause he's only a 'doptod brother. His name is Rathbun — Robert) Rathbun, Hello I What's ud, Mr, TotnV 1 'Wotliln*,* replied Glantlfri, wnoic !»ce had Kuddonly beeoiuo rigid. ?' On'y* T dropped my pipe, that's -all. Go to bed, youngsters. 1 wuut to think. Hold up a bit. What became of yer mother. Hub !' 'l)ead. Drowned iti the -Mi.-w-i.': overflow. I haven't seen her sine-3 I w.i* r baby.' When they were gone, nnd for hours ufter wards. Glanders sat looking gloomily into the fire. ' Poor gal !' lie muttered, af^fr a long time. ' Ef matters had come out a leotle different, that would hev bin my boy. Mine. Well, what's to iiindor now ?' Having by some acute mental process con vinced himself that nothing was to hinder, Glanders went thoughtfully to bed. **»»»♦» The soft autumn days, gilded by the clear and genial Colorado sun, molted slowly away into the crisp and vestal winter. Then came tho budding spring, the lazy summer, and the blushing autumn ugain. So the wcoks glided into months, and tho months closed into years, until .Squatters' Gulch, ashamed of its rough and uncouth name of othor days, adopted the more exalted title of Clarion City. In a tasteful cottage, far towards tli. outer edge of the settlement, lived Mr. Thomas Glanderi and the members of his family, who have heretofore been described in this voracious narrative. It was a pretty place, and it was marked hero and tliere by the unmistakable traces of a woman's presence. Neat whito curtains hung in the windows, a hammock swung on the verandah, and a trailing vine grew up over tho posts by the door. One night, as the sun was climbing down across the western sky, the verandah wai occupied by two young people. A strong, lioarty young man was swinging in the hammock, while sitting beside him, idly moving the network backward and forward, was a lithe'and gracolul girl. She was blushing deeply, but not hanging her head. There was, indeed, iu her large blue eyes a look of open frankness which I do nob think is often found about the laces of young women wlion they art) discussing tlio sub ject which was at that moment occupying her attention. ' There is something which seems almost like sacrilege about it, Kobort,' she said, with a touch remonstrance, iu her voice. ' 1 had grown to think you my brother in reality.' ' But you love ine, Lucy ! You have told me so.' t ' What,' she asked, presently, ' would j he think ?' It was apparent that the young man did not require a more definito descriptive term to understand who was referred to. ' l-Ie would scarcely object, Lucy. You know lie loves both of us very dearly, and his greatest happiness would bein making us happy.' 'True,' replied Miss Lucy, thoughtfully. ' But if— if he should rather we did not seek this kind of happiness, Robert— you know we owe him a very great deal ! Our home, our rescue from an existence that would have left us both more to be pitied than if we were dead ; our education— all were given us by him. Wo can scarcely do anything that may bring him pain, l-tobei t . ' . The young man in the hammock was silent for a moment. 'Tell me,' hosaid, in a little while, ' why you suppose there is any ro.uon that he will object? Miss Lucy's face assumed a deeper scarlet. ' I— I— woll, nothing. Ib ia probably my imagination.' ' Will you ask him ?' Another paun-. Then, in a low voice : 'Yes; I will ,uk him to- night. If ho consents, Rnbei-t, 1 will do all that you have asked.' ' That's a dear, sweet Lucy !' exclaimed Robert, springing to. his feet, and kissing lu-r lips. ' We shall be vory happy.' A.s he strolled down the hill, Miss Lucy's eyes followed his retreating figure, sadly. When ho was gone, she drow a loug and slightly tremulous, breath, and laid her head against tho post. She still sat thus, with her eyes bent upon the ground, when a heavy footfall aroused her attention. Mr. Tlumius Glanders; returning from his office at the mouth of the Giant mine. Not quite the Thomas Glanders we have known heretofore. His eyes were eerencr now than they were of old, and his tread had not that element of hesitation which formerly marked it. Thomas Glanders, mine-owner aud -operator,-- with a pretty homo, and the benefits ol solicitous female society, was rather inclined to be an ornament to his sex. ' Good eveniu', Luoy,'he said, kindly, as he drew a chair up to her sido, aud seated himself so that the folds of her dress brushed against his knees. ' 1 met Robert as 1 came up tho hill. A fine boy, that, Lucy. I'm as proud of him as if 1 had been his father.' A moment of silence, during which Miss Lucy breathed a trifle quickly. One hand lay unemployed in her lap. Glunders picked it up, and held it in his own. It looked so small, so white, so lovely, in his great palm, that l.e spoedily covered ib up by drawing hi9 brown finger.s about it. ' It's a whitci hand,' he began, slowly and reflectively, ' though ib ain't much bigger than it was when I first took ib into mine, that night under the big troo. Ah, my girl, I didn't see then ; and I didn't get to imagine that you would be so dear to me some day. I didn't know that in the course of timo you would get to bo— what you are to me. If I had ? ' Another pause. This time Lucy was slightly trembling. 'If I had,' he continued, 'I .hould almost have been afraid to see you.' 'Afraid?' The word came reluctantly and almost in a whisper. Afraid I might some time Iobb you — afraid that some other love but the regard you had for clumsy, poor-spoken old Tom Glandors might some day be stole away by adeepor, a greater regard (or another man.' Mr. Glanders arose and walked to the othor end of the verandah. Then ho came slowly back, and placed his heavy hand, light enough now, upon the sunny head. ' Lucy,' he began—' child, you aro more to me than I can tell you— more than 1 know. There is bub ono happiness foi me— but one rest after my life's struggles. And it has been a struggle, Lucy, that ain't always been .viy for to get the best of. But, Lucy, 1 don't .ant to find fault, nor to com plain, if it liK- brought me you. Eh ? Why, child, you are cryin'. Dearie, if I've said anything that's grieved ye, don't mind me. Lucy, I'll never speak of it again, as long as 1 live. I take it all back, Lucy, I do !' Mr. Glanders was down by her side, hold ing lier hands, and trying to sootho her. In a fiioment she waB quite calm. ' You have been kind to me,' she said, after a while. ' 1 was only a stranger'* child— a stranger who would have taken your life. You took ine in, und eared for mo, and worked and foiled for mo, so that I might have comforts and be happy. You took ine, a tagged, rough, ill-bred child, and you gave me the chance to become a lady. You have earnod my— my love, and ? ' ' Don't speak that way, Lucy. I didn't calculate to buy your heart, I didn't, Lucy, and I wouldn't take it like that.' ' You didn't buy it, you— you won it. Tom, I love you very, very dearly. It may not bo the kind of love you expect, just yet ; but, by-and-bye, when wo liavo grown used to each other, when we have forgotten that 'ix wore— ' Father and daughtor,' almost, lie broi .in. ' Aro you suro, Lucy? Will you neu regret this ?' 'Never I' she cried, impulsively. ' But let it be quick. Do not wait a day, but have it dono at once I It— it must be without dolay, or — or ? ' Sho did not finish the sentence, but with a sharp convulsive kiss upon his brown cheek— a kiss which sounded almost like a gasp -she was gotio. In tha gloaming upon his porch that night sat Mr. Thomas Glanders, u very happy man. Behind him lay all tho gloom, and sorrow, and pain, thatcould never come to him now. In the future -what? He could not answer, though it seems very bright. » ♦ ».»,»?.» ? It was quickly and Quietly accomplished. ; , Almo't trcliiro -he statd cuizinn 0! Clarion' City were i.ul in the sWott*, .Mr. ' ' J i-;: trr- aiiu hib bride hud walked to bin! little chapel down iu the ravine, and back again. Ho h-\d n-!'c-d that Lu, v was veiy pale tli.it morning, and thai, liieie weie lonjc, deep lines in her face. Clearly she had not slept. But Mr. Glaiidui- attributed the fact tn a weakness ol the sex, aud imagined that in a little time it would 'toon wear away. Robert did not come home during the night, having gone a.twenty-mile ride to visit some friends. Mr. Glanders had wished to defer tlio quiet ceremony until his arrival, but Lucy had refused with a (overish haste, which her companion set down to the scoro of diffidence. It was Home hours after tho marriage, that Mr. Glanders, failing to stir up nny enthusiasm in Lucy's breast regard ing the various topics of conversation, kissed her tenderly, aud strolled out for a walk among the trees. ' She's better alone for a time,' lie muttered, apologetically, to himself. ' When I come back in half-ati hour she'll be as bright nnd cheery as ever.'' l'or a long time after he went away, Lucy sat looking blankly at tho wall, Then she arose and walked out upon the porch, and stood looking down the hill, where she had last seen Robert pass away. In a few moments she became conscious that someone was near her. It was Robert, white as a ghost, and trembling nervously. She looked into his face, but could not speak. Thero was a deep, pathetic inquiry in her oyes, which spoke more plainly than words. ' Yes, I know,' he said, in a strange aud worried fashion. ' I heard it as 1 came up the street. 1 shall not roproach you, Lucy, for, if he asked you to marry him, it was the only return you could make for all his mor. than fatherly kindness.' There was a footstep not far away, but it was not noted by the two young people: 'I havo come, Lucy,' continued Robort, in the same hurried and unnatural fasiiion, ' to Bay, good-bye.' ' Robort !' she gasped, ' do not — do nob go away.' ' 1 must,' ho said, in a strange tone, regaining a part of his own force aa lie saw a touch of weakness iu the woman he loved. ' There is no other course. It would break my heart to stay here und see you the wife of another. It would wear out my grati tude, my manhood. Day by day, all that is good uboutme would fade, and fadeaway, until I died of limine aud mental agony, or became a roproach to all the world. It must be, Lucy. We love each other too dearly to have it otherwise.' She was silent. ' Good-bye, Lucy,' lie said, more quietly, taking liei hand. 'Good-bye,' she whispered, in a choking, voice. For a moment he held her hand in his. At the same instant a shadow that had been thrown by the sun across the ground almost at their feet, began slowly and stealthily to steal uway. ' Try,' said Robert, struggling hard to' regain his ft inposure, ' try to forget me. You can oiny find happiness in that oblivion. ' Or, if you think of me sometimes, remember me only as the brother who grew up with you and loved you with— with only a— brother's love. Good-bye. God bless you, little sister !' He turned on his heel, and took a step forward. The sharp report of a. pistol from the rear of the house arrested his atten tion. ' What was that?' asked Lucy, turning, if possible, a shade whitor. In a moment they were both under the great pine tree whioh stood a few paces up tho sidoof the hill. What they saw at that moment will never be forgotten by either of ;liem. Stretched upon the soft carpet oi pine needles, with a look of ineffable gentleness in his fast glazing eyes, a smile 011 his lips, nnd her portrait on his heart, lay the rigid figure of the husband of thestrangor's child. Abridged from Afugazint of Short Stories. 