A REAL GHOST STORY. ONE OF SIR RICHARD OWEN'S. THE RETIRED SEA CAPTAIN. SEES THE HEAD OF A VICTIM. Sir Richard Owon h>d two remarkable ghot stories, which it was a high privilege to hoar him relate. Tho one about to he reoordel hero was perhaps the better of the two ; but its quality can scarcely be judged of when dotacbod from the peculiarly ex- pressiuo style tho old Profeiaor had, which added a charm to his telling of tbo story. In hi early days, wbea he held the post of surgeon to to the prison ss Lanoislcr, A NEGRO DIED IN TIIK GAOL, and apost mortem a well as an inquest was necessary. After the inquest the young surgeon saw tho body put in the coffin and tbo lid screwed dowu, to bo ready for tbo funeral noxt dav. Owen had at tho time boon already j attracted to tho study of comparativo anatomy, and negroes' beads were not plenti ful ; so ho mado up his mind that this ono should, not bo lost to tbo cau:o of science. In tho ovoning ho returned to the prison with a black bag containing a brick— from hix olficixl position ho had no difficulty Iu getting admittaaco to the mortuary, where tho ooffin Ud was unscrewed and sorewed down again. Doring this pro- THE BBICE AND TIIB NSGBOE'S DEAD CHANGED FLAC8. The ground outsido the principal entrance to tho gaol had considerable descent ; and tho Umo being winter, with snow and fruet, Owon bad scarcely pawed out when ho slipped and foil all his length— the b ig went from his hand, and tho head tumbled out, and rolled down the pared way. Ho jumped up, caught tbo bag, aud following the head olntehod It just as it fiuiehod its eareer in a smalt shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, ho vanished out of tho shop with all tho spocd ho was eapablo of. Next morning, when Owen was goingjo bis usual duties at the prison, he wus called in by tbo woman at tho shop whore tho accident had occurred on tho pre vious ovoning. Sho wished him to see hor bmband, who was very ill. Ho had had, she said, a fright tho night boforo that had oaujodhim to LOOT WILD AND DAZED-LICE. The man, it turnod out, was a retired sea oaptain, who had been in many adventure s among tho West Indian Islands, when many deeds were done that did not at that time re quire to be acoonntod for. Among these bad been the killiug of a negro in whioh be bad a hand, and tbo transaction bad left a touoh of . TROUBLE ON HIS CONSCIENCE. After giving these details the old cap toiu told of tho borriblo event that took placo tho night boforo. 'He wa« sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that ho had-boen thinking of thn negro, when suddenly he saw his very head roll into tbo shop in front of the counter, and it was followed by tho Dovil, all in black, with a black bag in his band. Tho Devil snatohod up tho head, and both disappeared through tho earth liko a flash of lightning. The de scription was perhaps not quite complimen tary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfactooy so far that it abowed tbat his identity had not boon recognised.— 1 " Daily Nowe." 