[ADAPTED Faox TvuE GEEa-- nBY HELEa MAINThEE.j Zealand is attached on its north-western side by a narrow, barren, sandy neck of land to a fertile peninsula, upon which stand several small and scattered villages. Tjhese unitedly, form a single parish. Beyond the furthermost the country extends over a wild, desolate region of ever-shifting sandhills, to the stormy Cattegat. In this dreary region there was formerly a village called Rierwig, which stood back' about a mile from the sea; bhut the quick. sands undermined the village, and the fisher men reconstructed their cottages further from the shore. The church, which was erected upon a rocky eminence, now stands, mournful and solitary, surrounded by the ceaselessly moving desert. One night in the early half of the last century the aged pastor of Rerwig sat in his dull. lonely chamber, wrapped in profound meditation. It was nearly midnight. The house was situated at the end of the village, and the door, in common with every.other in the place-for the honest fishermen knew nothing of. either bolts or tars-was only semured by a simple latch. The lamp burned feebly, and the solemn silence was only broken by the hollow roar of the waves upon the shore. Suddenly the old man heard the door open, and the sound of footsteps upon the stairs. This caused him no concern, for he supposed that it would prove to be a summons to the death-bed of some neighbor who needed spiritual consolation. But the good pastor was mistaken. As he looked up, two etrangers, wrapped in light-colored cloaks, entered the room. The old man stared silently and I affrightedly at the strange figures, which seemed, to his excited imagination, to have something ghost-like in their appearance. One of the two, advancing, said: " Sir, we require you to accompany us in stantly to celebrate a marriage in yonder I church, where the bridal pair are impatiently awaiting you. This"-laying a well-filled t purse upon the table-" will recompense you for.your trouble at so awkward an hour." When the old Lutheran pastor had collected his thoughts suflliciently to reply, he began to remonstrate, and pointed out to the strangers that his sacred oflice did not permit him to f perform the solemn rite of matrimony with out previous knowledge of the intentions of c the parties concerned and those preliminary formalities which thelaw required. "That may possibly be," the second stranger imperatively interposed, " but you a have your choice. Do as we command, and receive your reward, or refuse and"- He tapped the butt-end of a pistol with his hand. " You give me no choice," replied the clergyman, pale with terror; and, rising, he t threw on his cloak and hat, and exclaimed: a "I am ready to follow you, but I protest I against this indecency and outrage." The two strangers had spoken in Danish, a but in a manner which indicated that they were foreigners. Starting, they walked on quickly through e the midnight stillness of the village, followed i by the minister. t It was a dark, moonless autumn night. t When they arrived within sight of the church the clergyman saw that it was lighted c up. He would have spoken, bat his guides, folded on their white cloaks, walked swiftly c and silently forward, and he wearily and s thoughtfully followed them. When thetrio reached the church abandage e was fastened over the old man's eyes. As ne t listened he heard the side door open gratingly 1 upon its hinges; then be felt himself thrust in by force among a great concourse of people. t Then he heard a murmur run through the building, and, close to him, a language spoken which he did not understand, but I which he supposed to be Russian. As he stood helpless, with his eves bandaged, pressed on all sides by people, a t hand grasped his wrist, and drew him for- t ward through the crowd. Presently the people appeared to with- I draw, and when the cloth was removed from a his eyes, he found himself standing before the altar, with one of the two strangers close t beside him. A row of huge tapers, burning in t magnificent silver candlesticks, adorned tho altar, while the whole building was so t brightly illuminated that the minutest and most distant objects were plainly discernible. f A few minutes earlier the murmurs of an un seen crowd dismayed him; now the silence filled his mind with a nameless dread. The side aisles were occupied with men, c but the centre aisle was empty, and in it he c saw a newly-opened vault, the stone which had coverei it being propped up against a chair. Although only men were near, yet in thedistance he fancied he could perceive the figure of a female seated in a chair. At length a man, whose dress, which be- i spoke lofty rank. distinguished him from all others, arose. As he advanced up the empty aisle his footsteps rang through the edifice. The man was of the middle height, broad s shouldered, and firmly built. He walked with he air of one who was accustomed to com- t mand. His visage was dark, his hair coally black, the features strongly marked; his nose, of a bold aquilinecut, added to the im periousness of his expression; his lips were closely compressed, as if with anger, white black, bushy brows overshadowed the small beady eyes, which literally blazed with rage. He wore a dark green uniform, with gold t buttons, and a single star glittered upon his breast. Then a lady advanced and knelt beside him. In stature she was tall; her step was firm and dignified, yet graceful, while her hand and arm defied the skill of the soulp tor's mallet and chisel to imitate; her head was small and shapely, well set upon a neck I of surpassing loveliness; her eyes, so far as could be seen, were darkly, deeply, beauti fully blue, and the long, dark silken lashes that shadowed them gave a softness to her I cheek an artist's pencil might vainly strive to reproduce; her nose was rather of the Grecian style, and her month and teeth de fied the poet's imagination to portray; while her broad, intellectual- looking brow gave a dignityjto her features that conveyed to the recluse pastor an idea of the majestic. ie. She was splendidly attired with great care. A sky-blue robe, richly embroidered with silver, enveloped her, falling in heavy folds about her perfectly-formed limbs. -Yet, with all this youthlul loveliness and magnifience; she resembled a visitant from the shades. Her corpse-like cheeks seemed petrified, not a feature moved, and the powerless arms hung helplessly down on either side of the limp, drboping body. Thus she knelt, an image of death, and an overpowering horror seemed to have bound both life and consciousness in a profound cataleptio stupor. AsthepastorofRijrwlggazedupon this sad sight, he perceived for the first time an ugly, vicious-looking, old has, grotesquelyattirtd in whimsical, gorgeonsly.hued dress, whose grey, elf-like locke were partmally concealed by a portentous red turban, and who, with bleared eyes, stared grimly, yet mockingly, over the head of the kneeling bride. Immediately behind the bridegroom stood a man of gigantic stature, who looked into vacancy with a grave and fixed look nopon his dark, saturnine face. The aged minister stood speechless, as it fascinated, until a fierce and wild look from the bridegroom admonished him to commence the ceremony. His perplexity was inereseed by a doubt which he entertained whether the bridalcouple would understandhislanguage. Ie, however, forced himself to inquire their namee. The bridegroom sternly answered, " Neander and Feodors." The old man, without forther delay, which he felt would be naeleas, then began to read the marriagea service; but his voice faltered, and he lost his place more than once, so that he was obliged to repeat the words. As neither of the two eontractino parties ap peared to notice his confusion, his conjecture that they were, at best, only imperfectly acquainted with the Danish tongue became the more confirmed. So when he proceeded to ask, "Wilt thouen, Neander, take to thee as thy'lawfnl.wedded wife Feodors, who now kneels beside thee ?" he wondered whether the bridegroom would understand the quation sufficiently to \- reply; but, to his surprise, he replied, " . will," in a harsh, discordant voice, which rang and echoed through the church. At thosame moment deep sighs proceeded from the assembled crowd, while a shudder of aversion and terror agitated the ashen featuresof the bride. The clergyman then asked, loudly and clearly, as if he designed thereby to arouse the lady from her stupor: " Dost thoun Foodors, acknowledge as thy lawful.wedded husband PNeander, who now kneels beside thee ?" adding, "If so, reply byan audible 'Yes, " The almost dying woman, being thus urged, seemed to arouse herself, a look of unutterable woe gathered in her now relaxed features. The pale lips moved as if she were about to speak, a momentary fire kindled in her eye: but the word of assent soundedlike a wail of anguish from the expiring, as it found a deep echo in the involuntary groan of sympathy which burst simultaneously from the throng of beholders. The bride had ecarcely spoken the irre vocable words, when she fell back fainting into the outstretched armn of the old woman. In a few minutes she revived, and the cere mony was concluded, after which the bride groom led her back to her former place, the old hag and the giant following. Immediately afterwards the two men who had forced the pastor to become a participant in this unhallowed rite again appeared, bound his eyes, conducted him, not without difficulty, through the throng, and having put him outside the door, left him to him self. lie stood alone, wondering whether it were not all a dream; then he heard the door bolted on the inner side, and, tearing off the bandage, he saw the lighted church, and, listening, heard the movements of the crowd within. . In order to ascertain as much as was pos sible of the after occurrences, the old man concealed himself behind one of the buttresses of the buildins on the side opposite to which he had entered, and ashe listened was horri fied to hear the tumult within momentarily increase in violence. The clash of arms announced that a conflict was taking place. Then the stern voice of tile wild and sa vage bridegroom imperiously commanded silence. A pause followed. Suddenly a shot was Bred. He heard a female's piercing cry of agony. Again there was a period of absolute quiet, then a sound as of workmen laboring with masons' tools, which continued for a full quarter of'an hour. At the close of this the tumult was re unmed, the lights were extinguished, and the whole irruptive mass of strangers emerged hurriedly from the church, and hastened down to the sea, where they were lost to view. The clergyman, left to himself, shook off the cenumbing torpor which had taken pos- t tetsion of him, and made his way back to c PRirwi.:. Immediately upon his arrival he t aroused his neighbors, and informed them f of the startling events that had transpired. But everything around was so quiet and undisturbed that they feared that their 3 esteemed minister had become deraned ; and i it was only with difficulty, and then largely i to indulge his unaccountable whim, that they could be induced to take spades and crowbars and accompany him back to the church. Day dawned as the simple fishermen as- 1 cended the hill upon which the church i stood, and to their astonishment they per ceived a large ship of war proceeding under easv sail at a considerable distance from the shore, bearing away towards the north. This sicht, so surprising in those unfra quented seas, disposed them to give more at tention to their pastor's startling report, a disposition which was, increased when, upon reaching the sacred edifice, the side door was found to have bean forcibly entered. Full conviction awaited them within. They were shown the vault, which had s been seen uncovered only a few hours before. It was easy to see that the stone had been raised, and newly placed in position again. The startled villagers immediately raised the stone by means of their crowbars, and gazed downward into the gloomy recesses of i the vault. They started backward with a cry of terror. U The clergyman's report was amply con firmed by what they saw. Directly underneath their eyes was a new and handsomely-decorated cotfin. The old man, eager to see the denouement of his awful experience, descended into the chamber of death with almost youthful im patience. Others followed him without delay. The lid of the coffin was raised. t Their suspicions wire verified. The solemn ceremony of matrimony had r been immediately succeeded by the heinous crime of murder. Murder ! It is an awful word, and has a gruesome t sound. It is theproduct of the worst passions of , the human heart. It is always terrible, hut never so much so as when it follows closely upon the heels of the pledge of affection. Sacrilege and profanation of tie most startling character had evidentfy been com mitted. In that coffin, resplendent with gold and the choicest specimens of the upholsterer's art. lay the body of the murdered Feodora. The body was still attired in costly rai ment, the silken robes clung around the stiffened limbs, only the magnificent tiara was gone from the shapely head. Whether by accident or design, the ill fated bride had been shot througih the heart. As is socommonin death, a great change had taken place in her appearance. The ex pression cf poignant grief hid vanished, a heavenly peace had hallowed and glorified the beautiful face, and she lay like an angel among the coffined dead. The clergyman, as was Ihs duty, imme diately acquainted his superior, theBishop of Zealand, with all the circumstances, and, p!ending an answer to his retort, adminis tered an oath of secrecy to his flock. The vault had been closed again, and ihings proceeded among the people as if the mysterious marriage and equally incompre hensible murder had never occurred. Shortly afterwards an investigator arrived from the capital, and made strict and close inquiry into the whole matter. He saw the grave, commended the discretion that had been shown, and threatened that any dis closure of the singular event would merit and receive condign punishment. Years passed, and the affair was forgotten; but upon the aged pastor's death it was dis covered that he had entered a succinct narra tive of his midnight adventure in the register belonging to the church. The mystery connected with this singular invasion and violation of the sanctuary at Riwig has never been explained; but there were those who inclined to the opinion that it had in some way a mysterious connection with the sudden and violent changes of dynasty which took place after the deaths of Peter I. and Catherine of Russia, when, fora time, the holy Musoovitish empire was rudely shaken to its centre.-" Weekly Bulget." 