LOOK OUT. Look out down thar, Ft I'm about to shoot. -Yankee Poet BIans in their little nests do not always agree in spite of the poet, and neither, apparently, do the members of that At organisation the Village Settlement Committee. It appears that Messts Hope, Hamer and Pikehave severed their official connection with the movement H of which they were the principal pubtic advocates. "True, 'tis a pity, and pity 'tie, 'tis true" that no sooner dons iny public movemnent get fairly s'a-ted tnd If set going, than the little rift. of differ einces of individual opinion commnences to be manifested from the want of suffi cient giving and taking in deferet ct to others wishes. Spits in the camp a e the rule, not the exception. Even in h churches-those typical brotherhoods- t the atmosphere is not always "all se rene," it cannot, therefore, be wondered ag at if the little birds in the Cabinet fall to out occasionally, and that the 'Oneo n follows suic in hope that the nest may TI soon be vacant for another brood. tr When a budding author is about to SI have his first play produced at Mel- Pt bourne in the future, and more espezi- WI ally when the initial performance is th under, the patronage of distinguished at public men and in aid of public sit charities, the author and all who wish in him well may parody the old'lines and Bi say- kr From patronage and countenance sa Of 'Varsity students, and their ways, le The Lord deliver us. i These pseudo friends of Mir Pat Finn in did their level best to prevent his new of play getting the ghost of a chance, and at so disgusted the rest of the audience by in their disorderly and riotous conduct to that even the theatre itself will get a bad name, and both the poor author w and the managementwill be out of s pocket by the transaction, while the os charities will lose as well. The pro- di ceedings of the students were a disgrace r to manhood to say nothing of gentle- G manly conduct. The hooting, yelling, tl tin-horn blowing and vile language was on a par with the lowest larrikin gang ii of the city, and the things, not worth d the name of men, who could see fun in dangling human bones by cords to swing in the faces of ladies below, would a have been worthily dealt with by a d sound horse-whipping on the spot. t And yet these miserable cure who had not even the manhood to allow a hear ing to be given to the children acting I on the. stage, or the- decency to'. close their vile mouths 'in the presence of ladies are the gentlemen (?) students of our Universities, learning the highest, branches of education, and for whose behalf heavy tees are being paid by their parents, and immense sums spent by the State providing palatial buildings, highly salaried professors, for. them. If it is from the ranks of "such a class that our future doctors, barristers, ministers and professional men are to be drawn, then the colonists of the future are to be pitied ! In.view of such behaviour, it would seem advisable for the State' to withdraw its subsidies to, the Univer as sities, and let the students go to the id Working Men's College to learn 's manners,' if nothing 'else, and if such to results are brought about by high cul d ture, the Treasurer would do: better: to Id save the money expended on the insti e tutions, and apply it to 'help those will ing 'to work and unable to obtain it in these hard times. TIME works its changes. and brings its revenges arid so we find that the des ', pised,. scorned and rejected bantling of thirteen years ago, ridiculed 'in t, Victoria, is ow:: being hugged to the e conservative bosom in England :as the only saviour from parliamentary tyranny. of But thirteen' years ago it was Victorian his Liberals, who trotted out the ioddling nd prodigy in leadiig strings to'save them to from the tyranny. aind usurpations of it of arn Upper House, and. alas ! .They to called it by the vulgar name of Plebiscils and conse;yitives snegrqd a I jeered i**,?, ¢ . .. . ¢ , . . . . @ ? . at what they proclaimed to be a mons? trosity. Nevebtheless it got one leg in o all the same and has been found- to s work well in great burning mnunicipal r questions under the title of a poll of a the ratepayers and Ilkewise in" the a Local Option Act for deciding whlt r pubs shall be closed or how many, s if any, new ones may be opened, but whether a poll of the ratepayers or a t vote of the people, it was the poor puny, I Plebiscite all the same. Now, wonder of all ! Ve are informed by cable ;thai l Lord Salisbury. Conservative ex-Premier of Great Britain, strongly advdcates the application of the Referenduml -the Plebiscite under another alias-as thie only just and equitable mode of dealing with the Irish Home Rule question. And, he is right. Why should not the people who have an inherent right to govern themselves, be the final court of appeal and decide for all, Whether this or that shall or shall not be the law of the land ? It has worked well in Republican little Switzerland which can teach us many lessons in self government, such for instance as the election by Parliament of Cabinet Ministers thus doing away with' sense less opposition and the ceaseless fight between.the outs and ins for place and pay. Given the Referendum election of Ministers by the House and equalis atidn' of representation on a basis of resident ppulation, and one man one vote would be practically carried into effect.: Self-Government in all its :jistice, equi?'atididityo ,iotdbo?ls, near perfection as mortals can ever hope for and the idea of class legislation or one law for the?rich and another for the poor would vanish. To me, the intense satisfaction of finding Lord Salisbury advocating the Referendum is accentuated by the fact that this concession and his admission of its justice he practically gives the coup de grace to an hereditary House of Lords or an Upper Chamber of any sort whatever. So far the Home Rule Bill has not reached the Lords, and if it is - submitted to the Referendum never need be, inasmuch as the people will settle the question beyond despute. If then such a momentous affair can safely be trusted to those affected by it, surely matters of minor import ance could also be dealt with in the same manner. Shou'd Parliament in two successive sessions pass a measure and a strong minority still dissatisfied, then let that' measure be referred to the Referendum. Anyhow, Salisbury has completely given himself away, for by admitting its utility and fairness he proclaims the uselessness of a second Chamber, and I am pleased that Mr Deakin takes the same view by bringing in a bill here to give us the Plebiscite in its new name. May he succeed. WVell just think that the elite Believe in the Plebescite, For the Referendum now they wildly wail. Swells no longer think that might Should triumph over right, As the people's vote may make Home Rulers quail. a But the other eye I wink, For it makes me smile to think, a How the artful lord has dealt his class t a blow. I'm very much mistaken, h Should e'er that vote be taken, P If the toilers do not straight for Home ,..Rule?go......... .... 