Tales aad $k©t©&@a THE GREAT GRILL - STREET CONSPIRACY. Bt Sir Gilbert .Campbell. i Chapter XVI.— (Continued.) Had not Wenlook's face been foo well trained to evince any signs of astoriish memfc, it would certainly have done.' so now. As it was, however, with the same stolid expression of face, he pulled out a note book from hia pocket and copied the , address into it. * Thank you, sir, it may onma in handv. nnrhaDa : but we want to get *t the real head of the conspiracy. 8am, Britton, one of the Scotland Yard men, did think that he had got a clue, but it turned out a dead frost, as the actors say. Ah ! Sam is a clever fellow in his way, but he isn't quite infallible.' ? Ah!1 observed the General ; ' well, we'll1 put Mr Sam ?ut of the question for the time. If you really want to find out who is the prime mover in the plot, the sneaking scoundrel who stands behind the curtain and pulls the wires, you must go to ? ' '? Yes, sir,' broke in Wenlock, leaning a little forward, and a transient gleam of interest showing upon his face. 'Go tot ???'?? ' ' .. ?-. ...'?.?..- ?? ? ?To No. 49 Great Grill-Btreet, W.O.,' answerea me ureuBrai,. »uu iuuh. sudl a certain Mr Craddock Lipthwaite.' The detective's face fell at once, and he shook his head in a mystic manner. 'Excuse me, General,' said'' he*-' 'but you're out of it, too. Mr Lipthwaite was the party Britton had in his eye, but he turned out to be a most respectable gent ? a great traveller, and rather in the scientific lay. No, it wont do j .and if that is your idea, the sooner. y.pu get rid of it the better.' ' You obstinate donkey^ returned the incensed veteran. 'Do you think because a muddle-headed detective makes a state ment it must be correct !, I should have thought you knew the worth of Scotland Yard batter than that. I tell you that Oraddock Lipthwaite is the man, and that he it is who issued orders to the dastardly hounds who are plotting secret murder in our very midst.' 'Well, sir,' answered the detective resignedly. ' of courae. if you've mad© up your mind, there is no use in arguing with you; Of course, if you say Mr Lipthwaite is the man, you must be right. By the way, sir, do you happen to know the nickname by which the dynamite chief is known to his pals.' * Of course I do,' replied the General, who had heard it from Rhoda who had caugkt it up at the time she accompanied David on on* of his errands to' Marshgate- street. ; ? It ia — — ' ?Don't say it, sir ; don't say it.' inter posed the detective. ' Take a bit of paper and write it ; I'll do the same, and then we'll see if onr information corresponds.' Muttering an impatient exclamation at this precaution, the General obeyed, and hastily scribbled a word, upon an envelope whiph lay upon the table near him,; whilst the detective followed his example upon a leaf which, he tore from his note books Both tasks were completed simul taneously, and an exclamation of surprise burst from the detective as he read the word /Revolver upon the envelope which the General handed to him. 'By jingo, air ; you do know something after all,' exclaimed he, as he struck his hand heavily upon the table. ' Do-you mean to say that clever Sam Britton: has made a muddle of it after all ?'. . 'Sit down, my good man, sit down,' feturBed tho General, pretending to show no delight at his success, bit succeeding very bad(y in the effort. 'You see there is no detective like an. old soldier ; and now, before we go any further, I want to explain to you that the person em ployed by Revolver to carry his orders and messages is a young friend sf mine, David Aokland byname.' The detective drew a long ; breath. ? There are not many men in the world capable of surprising me as you have done to-day, sir,' heiremarked, ' but when you tell me that a respectable young gent such as I have always considered Me Ackland to be, is mixed up with those murderous scoundrels, then I do confess that you almost make my hair stand up on my, head.' 'I will make it do so entirely, my man, before I have done with you,' chuckled the veteran. ' And now, how do you think I came by this informa tion?' 'That's easy to guess,' returned the de tive, a little contemptuously. 'Of course, the young gentleman got frightened, thought he had made an awful fool of rumseir, ana came ana maae a ciean breast of it to you. Ask me something more difficult next time, General.' ' Pooh ! ' replied the General with such a snort of derision that Wenlock started. 1 1 got my information from quite another source, from a young lady, in point of fact.' 'Well, sir, you needn't snap off my nose like that,' returned Wenlock. 'I suppose he told her and she came to you.' 'Now, look here,' said the General, ' there is not a bit of use jn you protend ing that you can guess how t came by my information, bicause you can't do so. If you'll be quiet, I'll tell you v; but, first, f want to know if you believe in ghosts?' 'Well, sir,' answered the detective, after a short pause for consideration, ' I haven't had any reason for going into the question , you see our business doesn't lay much with those kind of things, so, on the whole, I must say I don't.' .; ' Good,' anawered the General, check ing off Wenlock's reply upon his left hand with the forefinger of his right ; 1 and now, do you place any faith in spirit influence ??' ' Do you mean drink, General V asked the man, doubtfully. ? ' Pshaw ! I mean will, brain power, the influence of the stronger mind over the weaker,' replied the old man. ?Precious little,' returned Wenlock, with a grin. ' You see, sir, I have got an old mother who is always a-teliing what is going to happen by cards, and perhaps that makes ma a bit incredulous on Buch subjects.'' 'I don't care a rap what you do be lieve and what you don't,' returned the General, irritably ; ' and now, if you will sit quiet, I'll do my best to let you know exactly how I derived my information.' Matthew Weulock1 sat perfectly still, with an expression of perfect resignation upon his face, whilst the General, as briefly as he could, poured out the whole tale which Rhoda had unfolded. ' ; 'And now,' said he, when he had con cluded, 'what do you say ?' Wenlock fidgeted uneasily upon his chair, but for a moment seemed to hesi tate to reply. ' Have you lost your tongne V asked the old man, testily. ' You .won't: be : angry if X just tell you my plain opinion,' enquired Matthew. ' What the duce did I ask you to come here except for you to dd so V was the 'reply... . ?*' v ;? . ;' ' '..,..' ' ' , ? ?..''. '.- . ? I presume, Bir, that Mr Ackland and the young lady are engaged V resumed Wenlock. ? Any fool would guess that,' returned the General, politely. ? Then, sir, I think that the whole thing is a plant,' returueil the detective, with much decision. j\\. ...... , I. ' 'A what !' roared the General, in tooes of 'surprise and anger. ? , : ; 1 1 ? : ; ; ?' ; U;- ? ' A plant —juat a regular plant,' repeated Wenlpck, perfectly unmoved by the pas sionate-outburst that ho had provoked. 'You Eoe, sir^ the young gent was led away— a bit too enthusiastic. They have bean pitching yarns to him about the rights of Ireland, a downtrodden people, Saxon tyrants, and all that sjame, uutil he went in with them heart and soul ; then, when he got a little mor« insight into the matters, he got frightened,, and let it all out to the' young, woman— I. beg your pardon, the young lady. Then they hit upon this wonderful idea of will power, and cam© with it ' to you, in the hope that, being a tender-hearted gentle man, and a friend of bath parties, you would find some means to help 'em out of the scrape.' 'Oh!' repeated the General after a pause, as if he had been engaged in digesting the detective's reply. ' And so that is your opinion, is it f ; : ' Yes it is, sir.' ?:???:? ' And you don't believe in will power V 'Not a hap'orth, sir,' was the uncom promising reply. ' Nor that the young lady possesses the power which she asserts she' has V per sisted the veteran. ' I don' t£ want to say anything against the young lady,1 returned Wenlock ; ' a woman will do a good deal for the man she ie sweet upon.' ' Well, look here, then,' answered the General. ' I had my doubts, the same as you have, and she Bimply put them to flight by making Cripps, who was in the kitchen, bring in a piateof raw meat and set it right down iu my , lap. What do you think of that ?' ., : 'Perhaps she'd squared Crippa,' began the detective ; but the General would not allow him to proceed any further. c Why, you are a, regular unbeliever ; but nevpr . mind that. Will yon do your beat to help us out of this mess !' 'Now you put it that way, I will, with all my heart,' answered Wenlock; but, look here: if the young lady has the power fo make the young gentleman re coljebt what he has seen and heard during the^ time be is under this sort of spiritual intoxication, tell her not to use.it, or it may' do him a bit of harm.' , 'What do you mean '?'' inquired the old man. ...... '-,. , ' ; 'Never you mind just now, sir; but take my word, I am acting for the best. Unless almost a miracle happens; .Mr 'icland will be in the hands of the police very shortly, and the less he knows about the matter when he is in* his sober senses the better.' ' Well, aa you like,' answered the General. 'And now will you act at once V 'To-morrow I'll open the campaign,' replied Wenlock, ' and make a report of my... failure or success without delay. Good morning General ;' and rising from his seat, the detective took his leave without going through the ceremony of bidding Cripps farewell. CHAPTER XYII. A SCEPTIC CONVINCED. AU: that evening' Matthew Wenlock thought over the strange communication -which he had received from General Warmington, and the more he weighed the; matter, the more his strong common senserevolted against the possibility ef the strange power exercised by one human being over another. ' It must be a dodge/ he murmured as he filled his pipe, which he had permitted bo become extinguished during hia prolonged meditation; 'and yet if it is, it is a precious clumsy one, and won't save the young chap from the con sequence of his acts. I'm sorry for him, for he wan a decentish sort of chap. That can't be helped, hdwever, and Matthew, my lad, if you can ferret out this busi ness, and cut out Scotland Yard again, you'll be such a big man that, if you don't take care, the world will hot be- large enough for you. The first thing to do is to 'call upon Mr Oraddock Lipthwaite. I hope I shall be mere successful thait poor Sam Brittou. The idea I have formed is a good one, and I have the bait ready to hand. ' As he spoke he crossed ;the room, and. opening a cupboard, took from it a small-sized work-box, which he opened with a key hanging frona his watch-chain, and extracted a bundle of papers, partly printad and partly written, with what seemed like the stamps of some foreign Government upon each of them. ! How lucky,' he murmured, as he care : essly fingered the mas3 of flimsy papers, ; ' that I got hold of all these forged Bra zilian bonds when that fellow Guttierez blew out his brains ; they will come in very handy for tomorrow's campaign.' ' He Bat up some time longer maturing hia plans, when he had gone through them point by point, he mixed himself a glass of whiskey and water, and after swallowing the contents, went calmly to bed. ? The next .morning, at about half-past ten a, visitorl knocked at the door of 49 Great Grill-street, and asked for Mr Craddock Lipthwaite. He was a rather slight man, a little under the medium height. The expression of his countenance was simple and confiding, and he walked with a slight, 'though perceptible, stoop. He was dressed in black, and hia long coat, of rather a clerical cut, descended some way below his knees ; his eccle siastical appearance was further increased by a white tie, not of the moat spotless cleanliness. He wore a soft, black felt hat and a pair of black cotton gloves, and carried a baggy umbrella in his right hand. , ? ' : 'Mr; . Craddock LipthwaiteV asked he, aa tlie untidy servant opened the door In response to his summons. '.Yes, sir,' answered the maidservant. ' Will you 'please give me'your name ?' 'Name— oh, my name is the Rev. Arnold Weatherleigh,' answered the visitor ; 'but you need not announce me. Mr Lipthwaite expects me, and I will go up to his room on the drawing-room floor.' Before the maidservant could offer any objection, the clerical gen' letc an passed by her,, and ascending the stairs, rapped softly with the handle of his umbrella upon the panals of the drawing-room door. ' ' Come in,' cried the voice of Graddock. Lipthwaite, who was seated with his back to the door smoking his favourite little silver pipe. ' How of ten have I told, you not to disturb, me at this hour ; if you want to do anything to the room you must wait until I go out.' 'It is not the servant maid, Mr Lip. thwaite,' said the visitor in soft and melli fluous accents, . as he entered the room closing the door behind him. Oraddock Lipthwaite atarted from his chair and faced the intruder. ' The devil — ' he began. ' No, sir, ' answered the clerical gentle man, ' ri«t the spirit of evil, but one of his moat ardent aritagoniats. Permit me to introduce myself, the Rev. Arnold Weatherleigh.! 'I don't know you,' replied Oraddock, brutally, ' if you have come for th§ good of my soul, I have my own parson ; if you want charity, send, in your request by letter. I never answer personal appli cations.' 'Ihave not come entirely in my cleri cal capacity,' replied the visitor, utterly unmoved by the discourtesy of, his recep tion, 'though I am, I believe, . carrying out a good work in coming here; nor am I here to ask any alms ; indeed, my errand ? is of an utterly different nature/ ? ' Well, let me hear what it is, without any further talking,' replied Oraddock. 'I do not care much for gentlemen of your cloth, and I tell you frankly that I am not much prepossessed by your ap pearance.' I ' My dear brother,' argued the divine gently, ' really, this display of churlish ness is entirely unnecessary ; one would think that instead of coming in a friendly way to you I had, as soon as I entered the room, levelled a revolver at your head.' As the clergyman uttered the last words lie laid a slight though distinct em phasis upon the word 'revolver,' which did not escape Lipthwaite's attontion. He did not, however, allow this to become apparent ; but drawing himself up, said rather haughtily, ' Whatever your errand may be, ib can be no excuse for trespassing upon, my time. I have a great deal to do to-day, and must beg that you will be as expeditious as pos sible. ' (To be Continued.) 