1'uesdays and Fridl'r. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1893 A MUNICIPAL GRIEVANCE. TOOMBULLUP is 0not the head of the shire. Nor isit the heart of it, being only part of its environment. All the same, it is a parish of more than ordin ary consequence, holding, as it does, a physical- and commercial connection with thle township of Benalla. As the community already knows, it is noted Sfor the richness of its soil, for the industry of its settlers and for the brightness of its prospects to some day become a lively agricultural quarter. As it is, it is gradually approaching that -a fact entirely due to the pluck and, eniterprise of its pioneers, the ineni who 'hare now toiling and moiling there under the most discourag ing circumstances - viz., want of .passable- thoroughfares, markets for their produce, and all the other dis advantages irhich accompany isolation. But still, it .is badly affected,, such affection being the outcome of the apathy that hasfor years been shown to it by our local governing body. Like most other things of a similar character, the complaint thereby caused has lately assumed._ serious dimensions, having, in fact, arrived at such a state of development that the. ratpayers of the place are seeking an alliance with the Mansfield shire,`: so aggrieved have they become i?ith the administra tion of their affairs by ti e tmunicipalt corpur.tions of Benalla, their principal allegation :being..that they are sadly neglected in the mattierof road accom nindation:.Indeed',matters have pro gressed so tfar in this respect that they have approached tle first named body on the pont., Fortunately, or, other; wise ;however; rone technical- difficulty has arisen to' a' cn suminalton of their w;shes not thiat the shire of Mansfield has the' sliglitest- antipathy to tiha s >lc:tation. made to it to take thenm under its'cuitrol'and legislate for themi, hut because their procedifre is impoli. tic. Matters verily ippear ýthe. other wty inasmu'-h as this - the Man-. c field shire countil has actually-gone out c with all. its ,heart, to: .them. i "tt would be a pity," writes Councillor H. PartsEtits itll hilogal Couttsinn, i'f the Toomliillup people petition for annexation to Mansfield and have their petition refused 'on a' technical point. I saw last year where a peti. tion was .refused, because the peti tioners had been told by a councilloar they would get a large subsidy by sever- I ance and annexation, and if..you.ie-Y. I ported Mr Neely correctly he is wrong in saying 'It' would- be' too Toom bullip's a dvantage for the Mansfield Shire to take them over, because` the above Shires. did not get the 'same amount of subsidy per! £ as the Mans field Shire.'' As a' fact; d?ley. Shire is in thesame "class as'Ma anisfield, and gets the samte proportion ofssubsidy per L£, while Benalla is a class lower; but if any portion of lBenalls is asnexed to Mansfield the subsidy0on tliat part so annexed? would paid on i ihe samo scale as before, the?law ais it '"stnds now requiring a separate account- of the rates to be kept. If the public cledrly undertdood that,' it is sual.ifor the De partment ito decide bi a ajonrity of the ratepayors in the portiona proposed to be :severed." It is highly:prohbable that this developinent, as it is hereby sliowii,, is unknown tbo the councillori of Be nalla shire. In any. case it is clear to be seen that the good folk of the parish: named are greatly dissatistied.1. As 'a result, it becomes !a hintter" of pubiic Io0l'cy, if not a matter of fairness aid rectitude, not to say courtesy at all, on the part of our own local governing body to take such steps' as nii libe deemed desirable to keep the shire intact, for, as already indicated, Toombullup, is physically and&commercially; identified with Benalla and should 'nbt therefore be allowed to consummate its ivishes so long as' 'it suffers any ill .for; which cauncillors can find a panacea here.' On Friday evening last, there was :'a large muster oftlie IHenalls Fire:Brigade to'meet Superintendent Judd, of the Country Fire Brigades' board, who was here on a visit of inspection, The Brigade, under the charge of Captain Wallace, were put through the usual drill which was performed in .a thoroughlyefficient manner. Superintend . ent Judd aiterwards addressed the men, complementing them on 'their smart t ness, and remarking that this was a ,much more pleasing visit thean the last olie,'when it was his paiinful duty to disband the Brigade.' Mr Judd then asked if there were any complaints to be made as to the officers, and received a reply in the negative. Several appli cations. for hoe, new uniforms, etc, received promises of attention, and the meeting terminated. To-night the officers will .be appointed., for the ensuing year.. To give residents inthe .country an o- ?trtuitvisiotirili-soast at or 3 near Geelong, Queenseliffe, Dean's Marsh, Forest, Timboon, Portland, Warrnambool, Port Fairy, Frankston, Hastings, Mornington, Stony Point, s Sale, Bairnsdale, Foster, Toora, Welsh pool, Alberton or Port Albert, or the Gippsland Lakes, during the summer months, seaside excursion tickets, and \- combined railway :. and steamrboat tickets for the Gippsland lakes. avail able for one month, will be issued at a low rate at the principal railway stations till'3oth April, 1894, inclusive. :The I issue of these tickets will not be affec ted by any other excursions. The directors of the Melbourne Per manent Building Society have ap Ipointed Colonel Templeton to act in conjunction with Mr Butler in the task of examining the books and valuing the t securities of the society. I' On Friday morning last, a serious accident occurred to AIr John Gas coigne, an, old. resident of. Benalla., Whilst engaged painting the ceiling of the sanctuary in the local Catholic Schurch, he slipped and fell fionm the scaffolding on which he was standing, on to the steps'of the altar, a distance of about eighteen feet. On removing him to his residence miedical assistaitce was procured, when it was found that one of his ribs was broken and fearsare entertained that the fractured end of the bone has penetrated the lung. Last night, Mr Gascoi-ne was progressing as. favor abllyas could he expected considering, his age and the s?erious nature of his, Injuries. , '1 h'Agricultural :Society of Tungn-' nias is in want of funds.' 'Il order to rarise sme it his thei efore decided ti issue.200 debentures of tie vilues of £5. 'each, which will "beirr iriterrst. at the rate of 6 per ccnt.' instead of.. 8 pt.r cent,> as art the ,presenit piid to sts1 bmilr.. If only a portion of the'anioune i s~iubiscribed '(seiyi'ti?'"EBijrss")' shne council .will.he relie-'ed of a '_srrioous burden and the sociltyplaced on?e mord equitabl..and firm standitng tha'n it hias ben sinse.iit inception;. The"' roemark applies ttio e ina'jori y bf up-oGuiitry asocieties,': id the steps.,taken'.by. ths Tunannlah Soeiety. will probabily .he precedeiit to o'here in the exceptilon?lly a!wliard eosition entiailed by'tlhii pr!-. sent fiuanacii troubleli . - i Thie "Rilmorn Free Press," in nIlead ing article in ia ltet issue of tliti journal, contains til following about the recent eleeti;o here :--rheira is n continuo.s 'rd determinid unerirm ing" of dersocr.cy in- this colony, nt openly or rivowwolly, b ,t all the more I dangeroui, because insidiously backed up by all that money can do, and money I can do much, ven in n community like our ois. V Wihy, it the present nmomnt , whaft ids'is that, recorniindls ia man likel I .Oolonel.ToIrpleton to. sn,many electors Ii of Benalinl and Yarrawona? The I answer could hl supplied very rendily i \--molney bags . and liquidlation I Against those influences the intelligent J resident farmer, whio intends' 'to repre-.1 sent' his fellows fairly and honestly, for tunately had not to ueccumb. Mr. C. H. Pyne, barristerand solici I tor, Benalla, lias opened a branch of his. business at-Rutherglen. .. ., ... . ' TheDepartment of Agriculture has notified.the vinegrowers of Ruthergleni: that, in compliance withi' their request,~ Mr. M'Alpine will visit ithe district to studyjodium and .black spot.diseases.? i thevines, provided that a suitable vine yard be selected fdr thatpurpose. ' The , Department furthier Vsta'ted' ,tit, as the expert is/a't', rese stengaie&d; ' i reporting on the diseases.coutagious to the tobacco laints, itvwoul'd o 'e impos. sible for him oremaiIn iiore thianit'o days in the distri~i fTlielvi, growiers are of opinion that this .tiniMs insuffi cient for Mr. M'Alpiie to' succtessfully cope with the .disease.'" Asi a result they have commiunicated withthhe De partment of :*Agriculttire, pointing out that the vine culture is one of the:prin-: cipal' industries in the 'colony;1, and: should receive more attention'sthan the cultivationi of tobacco.;:' The-,generall opinion of those eniaged in' the.vine cuiture at Rutherglen is that the govern ment levure system of fermentation re quires experience, as those, isingit aire not yet thoroughly initiated. info i'its virtue. It e:,was i'ddecideadiat thli'ilast meeting of ihe associatiouithat it would be unwise at present tofirnilsh tihe Ag ricultural Department. with aiiy .ireults eventuating from its use. The Cobram " Courier' of Týhursday says:--Yesterday :afternoon M'r. .T1 Kennedy, the newly elected member? for;Benalla and ,.Yarravwonga', iretrned to Cobram. He was met by a fe\v of his friends who happened to be at the Cobram Hotel, and wavs 'congratulated over a glass. of wine. ,Mr. Kennedy's' health'having been drunk iwith great, enthusiasm, that gentleman returned his heairtfelt thanks for'the higli honor conferred ;.upon. .him, 'and' specially thianked his friends around Cobirim; Burramine,-and Boosey for..the man ne'rin which they stood by hiiii . ?t is of importance that thaose; who are eligible to secure votes under the " manhood suffrage"' qualification should; bear in mind that live days hence the new lists will clos.' ' The time of closing the lists for thecompila tion of the new rolls is To o'clock nexi Friday evening. '; In order. to give those who have not yet taken out rights an opportunity' of doing so; the electoral Sand deputy-electoral registrars througlhi out the colony will keep their offices' open until so p.m. each night this week up to Friday. ,Holders of elec tors' rights issued on or b'efore ist De cember, 1892, willhave to renew them in order to secure 'inclusion in' the new general lists now about to be made up. The old right must be delivered up' to; tle registrar. Intending applicants should be careful to see that, they are' qualified under the law, because a penalty may be' imposed upon persons knowingly and wilfully obtaining elec tors' rights when not'; qualified. Foreigners who desire to -exercise the franchise must, if not already naturalised in Victoria, obtain from the Chief Sec retary letters of naturilisation b lefore a right can be.issued-to:them, r.: before' the revision courts appoifited to be lield during February next year, if they de sire enrolment as ratepaying electors. The "Shepparton News" states : The return of Mr Kennedy as mem ber for Benalla and Yarrawonga proves conclusively that there is a growing dis. inclination to elect: a city man for :a country constituency. Those who were intent on defeating Colonel Tem pleton dwelt riot' on his advocacy of free trade principles, but. on his re sidence in Melbourne. The lesson should not be ignored, and if the free trade party hopes to score a. victory at the next general -election, it 'must choose its candidates .for. the various' constituencies from amongstthe people of those- constituencies. Nor is the disposition to return local men unreas sonable. No matter.how independent, how impartial any of us may try to be, aiany of our opinions are formed for us, and we quite unconsciously inibibe the prejudices of those:about us. The city mari hears tlie:claiis of the'metro. polis urged morriing,"noona'nd night; as he travels'to his business, whilst he does.his day's work; when he returns to'his home to enjoy his 'dinner and his postprandial cigar, Melbourne men are with him. Their facts andfancies, their figures and their theories dwell in his memory, and go far to form his conclusions. An occasional run into the country, and a little 'superficial chat with comparative strangers by no means counteract the effect of constant and familiar intercourse. But beyond that,.it would be absurd to pretend that the average. politician is" an unselfish mortal, bent on doing the i'ight thing at any sacrifice. '.As a rule, ':.he is 'a. fellow who looks:" very keeiily t to: his own interests and to those of his" class. i SThoughnot delefinitely decided on, it is' generally understood: that it ,,s; the intention of.the Governmieit toiemplbo a competent railwjy expert to occupy the position of chairmann of Railway Commissioners. ,:The systems of,Aus tralian and English railways are held to be dissimilar,. and those who have had an opportunity of seeing the Urited States railways aver tht .the conditions there are simnilar', to .'these existing in iAustralia. The =Premier; is emphatic ii"the opiiion that. the. futuae of our railways must bear'tlie 'ipres of. thi cheap construction and economic nia-i agement of the enterprising American railway men. ,.... Victoria, with a revenue of about ;.7,ooo,ooo, has already. an annual p.nsion burden of ~2'o;,oo. Gieat Britain, with-a revenue of £30,oooooo pays £313,00o only in pensions. . Mr: Thomas, Kennedy,. AI.L.A., member for Betalla and Yarraivongas, had a splendid reception at Cobram on his return after the .late election, lhis supporters being most enthiusiastic in. their. c6igratulations oin the t victory hegiained ,over Ari Tenipleton; t It is the intention of, the residents of Cobram and district io open'"''siBb-' scriptidn list with a view to defraying i Mr Kennedy's election expenses, Mr ChalnsSaundeis, the new fEn-lis tenior, .who arrived iiiA'Australi`a bout threa months ago, .hs !ree in duc to, give one concert il this towv, on, ad da-y iext tHo hcytrctpd fever in restoration to heah - te were renliaed, and'ibr Saut Inde .d :d aAuot ia tloorouglilyrit:orda. ; a 'dd not purposB:reiaining more- thliet frew s er s t thf e loogetatbat ls airs Villiaminson and MisgrovC;, lIe;rin' hir sing, at once offeiede hiinin ii ?,e ment for opera,,;inh wich:h...vill d....." l.sas ahortly | be >eard.;???. ,iai.tim h mignAticents voico- .aid artisli; filaished style) of ,Biiging?nre misking foi hirni great nani amongst Australian conceit. goetis; Iis (appearances at rconcrts in Melbourne, Adaliside,-Bl|riHara .c . Iavingsheen o@e long asrlesof triumpls. •Mr Saunders eFxcels in ballads ir mortalised ?ly'SidisReRees and Edwvrd Lloyd,' rnd hasa also distinguished liim self, bothliatlione and in Austraa, by his ni'si rfieiir t re?derirng of Irndelian isd lotlhr oratorio sd lo.s He w as singer ialmost, from rthe cradle ,aid when i inoyý s. possessed of 1a high soprasno -vorcp,;',whichlij Anuch io n ;requ'cst fort chorml' and cihurch singif-. iin his, intive town. .It -was not, lhor evor, uiailv i be~?was- bave'in 20 a.d "21 yeas of nage thlit he undeitook tha s=rious study of music,. ainvgo only olcasioiaally sung in a perfestly un-. .trained mianlnler Is an amateur. Coining to London, his voice attracted itteition and hl was iinducbd to' enter the cele. braite'd 'GuiiliallI S -hlbl of Music, o which Sir 'Josiepl? B arniy is now the principnl.:- Mr-W~V isti Hill recognised riore thati iordi?Brly posaibilities in Mr: SaiidilrdIs' voice, and:placid him under aMr Ti "A.':Wallworth' the renowned protessor' ot singing,', whose brilliantly successful pupils number,, nmongst a crowd of others, Mr: W. bShakespeare (now tlhe well-known 'teacher), Mr Iver M'Kay 'and' Midame *Valleria. IWe shall hiivO sonmethilng to say with regnid to' tle'rest of the 'coimparny;, ho are 1lso great stars, in our iext issue. At aL mietiug of a peculiir sect who cell themselves Faith Healers, lild at Sutherland (England) on. 5th Sep.. tember, it was anniounced: that the Holy Ghost was presiding, and iccord. ingly 'no visible chliirmnin had rharge of the proceedings. Over -120' person testified to :having been cured of various diseases 'by the laying on f hinds by :tthe Rev.: J. W. Jopling, milnister of thie seet,' and that gentle. man; in hle course'of an address, said: \-- We go into lhomes where fover is raeging, nnd where peopln, aro dying. Wie proclai;ri them heikled ;' the fever disap'pekrs n'dl the disease leaves;- Wte hlive oured-typloid fever, blindness iind:: smiall pox, and checked what threatened: to be an epidemic of the last. men tioned disense. Such;wonderful, imme diate and miraculous cures uas;we have performed, were suchl as .only God, .trough His servant, could effect." He clainmed that hundreds could corrobor ato his statement;s.-. ,- -: . . .I ! Some excitement has been caused in Victoria, by a rumor that the London butter market had collapsed. Nothing so.disastrous 'has 'occurred, but grave fears are entertained that a sharp de cline in values is impending, Ilr. Aiken, secretary to the L ew South Wales Dairy Farmers' Export Associa tion, says ho places no reliance on the recent cablegrams from a London firm to the effect that values would de cline to 8os. per cwt. for.factory and 65s. for dairy butter,'c.i.f. in London. He says theexporrs from Australia this season will-be nearly double those of "list year.': Victoria r is' sending 60oo tons ;as against 3600, and -New South Wales 1500 or- 16oo s' against 900; -while l: South . Australia, 1 Tasmania, Queensland and, New Zealand will swell the total. 'The recently formed committee of- sellers in London has been cabled to for advice.: '` . .• Mr Jno. Lyons, ivho once carried on business at Glenrownih and at St. James, died last week in South Yarraj his agiibeing 1Syears. : The annuial meeting, of the Benalla shire council is to be'held to-day to receive the auditors' report and balance. sheet. - ", :id'',' , , A meeting of the Yarrawonga district n agriculturists :has been ;held, and a s uniform 'wage tariff for -the -harvest de ta ermined on. It was decided to pay Il! r per.week for haymaking, and. i£ gs per week, or 4s 6d per day for t stripping, *1 .Some little time ago the Benalla t Shire Council'made a trial of Carolin and Co.'s patent American road-making machine,;and lobtaiie'd very?satisfac tory. results. The cost per day for working the machine is about r'2, and the quantity of work done will average 20 chains per day.-This cost per chain is very much less than under the old system, :being -only about ?as.. Tfie Warrackinabeal 1Shi;e 'Council found that they saved the price of the machine in the first3 i3 miles of road 'imae' alter purchasing it, and wherever it has been tried the best results have always fol lowed. Tlhe affairs of the Benalla Butter Factory are in a flourishing condition, and the'siiipjli'es'f iiiill''still ceontinue to comiie in freely, keeping the staff of tlhd Faictory , fill' , inployed:-" '` Good progress is being made with "the erec tion of the cool'chibliiei'hich? is being put up by Mr Kurtzmann at his own expense, the company only paying for materials. All the- creameries in con nection with thocompanyare doinggood work and with the long continuance of the cool weather everything points to a successful season. The first portion of the Bablcock tester is to hand dnd the machine will shortly he in full working order, 'thougli: a little: diffictlt 'was experienced, in getting some of the piart?,which wevre not 'in thiecolony ait the time the tester Was ordered. In all the Factorieswherethe michine has been intrdduced, good results have followed its inauguration, and the local Factory is to be congratulated.on thus keeping pace with the times, Mr Morton Sitcht Clark, clerk of courts at Benalla, has'beeni ihrected by the Law Department to act ais'Clerk of the Peace for'the Northern bhiliwick. ' George Coles,;'ofi. Ikc?':Ro~an, has been appoirited ideputy ':electoral' regis. trar for.the Karrabumet, divis'on of the electoral district of Denalla and.. Yarra wonga. '" The application ;of Patrick Fitzpatrick for a leaseof: 39 nacres of- lanid ini tlhe parish of Winton is gazetted approved: The' following ti'nsfers iof, leaseholds have been sanctioned by the Board of Land and Wodiks:-Fromi Thomas; S. Hutchinson to' Herbert G. Gregerson, z'4a,-Tatong; MichePl' O'Halloran to Henry Hardingi 431a, Whorouly. Charlotte J. Hoskin's license for 320a acres of land, in the parish of Boho, is declared void: Transfers'bf leases are gazetted regis tered as follow :-From Elizabeth Bami. ford to Elizabeth Robinson, ae.ia, Upotipotlon ; from Martin Pascoe, jun., to James Stevenson, 254a, Boho; and from G. D. Howes to the Benalla Shire Council,: 2r 37p, .Warrenbayne.;,: A sale of Crown lands in fee siample will be held at the local court-house this morning. : .. . . : Meetings of creditors in the insolvent estates of Jinames'Stewart ,(Faithfu's' Creek, Euroa) and': .John: AleIxoan i Tait (Euroa) will be:held at the.Ins?ol vency Court offices,!Benalla, non.: Tues-;d day, the, 5th,,of.. December, for the election of. trustees. and~ 'for thde other purposes mentioned in' the ??d,'s'ctiori of the Insoloency Act 18go.,:: ,, - The spring showa?bf the" Yariawonga Horticultural Society was held on Thursday last, and was a great success.. The collection of plants, etc., exhibited was a very complete 'one, 'considerilale:. impetus having been 'given' to horticul tural since.j the_ inauguration; -of. the. show. Among tho.prizeftakers:vas'the Rev. F. C. Vian,'bf Bendalla. The two Italians who: were recently arrested for istabbing a, fellow-workman at the Chateau - Dookie 'Viieneyrds; Dookie, ered,,brbught ' before ":the Shepparton court; last ;;?eek and''re manded, pending :thel recovery of the injured man.,::. Last issue of ,the'" Government Gazette" contaiils the following: Whereas by- amortgage dated the; 5th September, x893p'made .under.,theo.pro visionis of the Water -Act--890 (No 1156) by thei?iolet Town. Waterworks Trust, the interest on the' loan f ftwo thousandeight hund ed ind fifty pounds sterlin" (48'85o)' obtained by:, such" WVaterw 'ks"'Trust, fromý'the Govern ment' is mide .payable from the"' 4th October, r89a..- And wherens by 'see tion 9d o6f 'thil foresaid 'Water " Act 18go9'(No ; rr56) the-- Governor.'.in. Council-is, empowered. todirect that, t notwithsiaiiding anythitngcontained :in any.,-such kmortgage, .the interest on money' sbofsecured shaliall'be.' charged: frdm a date'not..more than two years subsequent to .the date ,id'; that;behalf specified iin uch mortgage.' Now thire-' fore'His Excellency the Governor, .by; and with'the-advice< of. the::Executive Councili," nd, in. pursuance of the powers?:sonferredd'by the -eforesaid sectioni90, doth hereby direct that` thd: interest on the money seiuired y'y"ttie above-mentioned charged from tlie st January, :;894. : The Rev):'Jaies Grahiim, pastor' of the local. Wesleyan i'chiurch, 'is.. very scerioisly indisposed.. Inr .,fact he has been unable to attend td his' duties for the past three weeks.: On Sunday last a student' from Wesley College' occu pied the .pulpit: at r both. services, de livering-two excellent' discourses.: I Things appear to be but middling in connection6. with the' Swanpool Butter Factory. Mlr Harrison'informed us"yesterday that only two directors..of this company' remain; "all the others having. resigned their' seats on the directorate. . ' ;; On Friday last' tithe'Benalla Federal Minstiels -'ga?i; iai entertaiinmetit at. Dookie, journeyiig to that place from Beihllhain adr'ag supplied ? by. Messrs i Stewart'iiiid Savage:' There was a large ft attendance at the coniicert, which was much appreciated. Proceedings opened 1 with'the singilig of "Tararaboomdeay," alter which Mr F.. Briggs sang " I went with him."- Mr C: Southern followed with ".Always ;,take mother's advice," . " The fisherinah anrd his child" was sung by Mr R. Caiin, Mr Gilding sing ing " Elsie' of the:: Glen.", Mr R. Gardner: rendered three' comic songs, and step- dances wvre given by Messrs R. Savag 'and Simon Fraser. .lMriGeo. Bunny acted as' accompanist. Mr Streeter, a" London jeweller who has visited Australia,, declares that the Victorian turquoise foiind on:r,,the King Rivei 'recently are'istreaky and Eight l hundred xbes ;of apric6s grownn'at rLthe,.Irrigation Company's orchards by'the Messrs Cihaffey Bros., have been sold at an average of 98s per cwt;'This pricis a5"per ?cent. above that paid for Californian aprincots: ' Mr S.' H.R'6~ive' whlio has been de puted to accdi?mpsniy M:r Wilsoni, the' dairy, eckp'ert, in hlis-tour 'throughi"East, is busily engaged preparing saimples of Victdrian: products in :.which it. is thought busiid?iesscan bie opened up. Grikt irithrest isbeing'taken in the ex peditibifrof the:two gentlemen: n.ined, nd' it 'is hoped' good 'resuls will A special: meeting of the Tatong Buitter Factiry,:will be held. at Tatong to.inorrow. Last week' the railway authorities receied 'aletter containing conscience money to the amourit of ~d, repre-' sented Ijgf"papstage stamp, and it was explaiin'edtliat this was sent in payment for.excess fare. Attention isleietg giveni to thdi sugar beet .industry, aind tlhe lsinister of Agricultiue'^ will 'distribute seed in sinsll "ipaicel?;:'iinibog farmers who notify' the Department that they wish to xlperimelit in the growtlh of beetroot. ;Th'e'Pi thircrli sprbmised:to hcotisider Itlid Yqhestion of ?cadmitti)g, into1 thh -olony; fref duty the machinery re quited for . converg l eeroot o A serious plague7oficaiterillars is re ported fromiparts of the Mulwala 'and Yarrawvonga' districts,, ard 'th e '" icts are playing sadihavoc ?ith sonie of the Swheat crops. Jnr many cases farmers. lhave drawn'i plough -furrows -around their fieldsi;'nd'pits;are sunk'` at''slhort ' ater~vals. dIt 'is foundlthat the furio? ' check s:their ,oiard progress; :nd onfi .arriving at it they follovJit, down, until they reach the -pitrintowhichic: theoy tumble. This method is very simple and dertain, aidi as the pit fills, up''tlie' farmtr.comcs.along with.: a i.'maslier. and pulverises .themi Theyiareil'so tlhick on tlie)groiid 'iti sonic jlac?si that ;it is disogreeabld"'to6 .'iVlk '"ovei themnl: ulling thein:fested, ground-:i often resorted to, and myriads of cater pillars are killed' by'this miiethbd. ' " Thl. epidemib of meaisles coiti~iues't increase, anid the attendance at the localistate schools is daily diminiishin,. The cihool board ,recominendedtit6 the Dep~rtment for Education, that it would be advisable to .close.the schools till after the Christmas holidays, aind askel. for imnmediate instructionss but up to',the presentino reply Ias been received to the' osIommunioationd. . : fDEAFNEss AND NOIBES IN TiHt HEAD cuored. at ihe.n patient?'s home. This t iliustrated edition also treats.' ai'tlhe cidre of Cateri pBroper liit s Al Asnit, Eictreme Stoutnesd, Indigestion, Dys. pepsin, Rheumatis -fby Medico-Elec tricitye 4dl..Mr Brights wabsistier f0 Rathlbone Place, Iondon, W. Eirg and h buggy, the property of Mr Arthur Hicks, of Bundalong, wene, in open daylight, removed fron the Royal Mail Hotel. M r,Hicks was in town for the puirpose of recording his vote, and during his absence at the polling booth the theft was corim?iinitted. The buggy 'w? ?s traced into' 'New 'South \Wales, and the police there ,ire making inquiries about it. The Seymour ,"Express' says Aftei" visititig all` the em'iei;ndei' of tlih colony, the measlesi diropped isito Wan. garattai last week, and inspired so much energy into the loscl boartd of advice, thint they. at, once closed., the ;State school for a week or .two. In Benalla it is now unkindly said that the Wan garatta people are .too... slow eoven to catch- the measles, so that the placeo wduld . have ..?oaped .only .that the disease was thrust upon it by a team of juvenile cricketers- from-nBaddaginnie. On Friday, last,,at thoe-Violet T1own Court of-Petty Sessiotis 'John'-Kelly, publican, was charged with failing to cancel the duty stamp on a cansk of lieer. Defendant was further informed., against for applying',i false trade mark' to some whiskey. Both offences were proved; ,andin i ithe, first instiance, a. penalty of £2 was inflicted, whilst for the second offence Kelly'was fined £3 and £7 18s 6d costs-£12 18s 6d iI all. 