THE PRINCIPA L OP MOORE COLLEGE ON THE GOSPELS. (to the editor.) . Sir, — Tn a lecture delivered at St. James' Hall on the 8th insfe., by Mr. Schleieher, Principal of Moore College, he is reported to have Baid— ' The Gospels were the one part of the Scripturea which were really essential to the Christian religion, ?and if it could be proved tbat the Gospels were not written till a century after Christ, the very foundation of our hope and belief would be cut away, and the very spirit and soul and meaning would go out of Christianity.' ' Catholics yield to none iu their love and rever ence for the Gospels, but the teaching of Mr. Scbleicher is but another instance of the want of true faith in Our Saviour's words, which is evidenced in every form of Protestantism. Had 'the Gospels never been written, the promise of Christ would stilljhave continued, ' Lo I am with you always, even to the end oil tbe world.' The office of the Holy Ghost ' to guide to all things,' ' to bring all things to your remembrance which I have told yon/' would have been in all ages the pame, and the tradition of the Church, guided by the Bpirit of truth, would have supplied the place of the narratives of the four Evangelists. We are deeply thanbful to have the Gospels, but, from the pens of the Evangelists themselves, we learn that they are but the crystallization of tradition. (St. Luke, j., 1-4.) Has Mr. Schleicher ever realized the fact that the tradition of the Cuurch existed before aline o£ the Gospels waa written ? Does he consider the fact that, even though the Gospels were written, tradition was the basis of all apostohc and eub-ipoatolic teaching for centuries P Books «7ere few and scarce. They had to be multiplied slowly, and by the liborioup- process of copying by hand, so that few possessed copies of them, and it was not for some centurie3 after Our Blessed Lord'a ascension that the books were finally collected, and the canon of the new Testa ment fixed by the authority of the Church. Thankful &q; Catholics are that the four canoni cal GospelQ were written in 'jhe first century, by those who were eye-witnesses of their facts, no one who has a true faith in the promised guid ing of the Roly Ghost, in all ag^s, cm doubt that, if the tradition of the Church had been crys tallized, under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, in the second oentury, such Gospels would have been equally entitled to our re.verence, and have had equal demands upon our belief and obedience. The 'act is, that the Gospels were written, not that men Bhould believe in Christ, but because men did believe in Him. To siy that without them ' the very foundation of our hope and belief would be cut away, and the very spirit and soul and meaning would go out of Chris tianity,' is to utterly ignore the miraculous work of the Holy Ghost in the Church, and to make her truth depend on human agency rafiheie than Divine. If this is a sample of the theological principles taught at Moore College, it is no wondei that looseness of belief and a scant measure of faith Bhould characterize those who are sent, from that institution, to minister to the spiritual wants of the Anglican Church. ORTHODOX. 