THE EASTER HOLIDAYS. Eastertide in Australia is the great holiday making season of the year. The sun at that time has lost much of its intense heat, and outdoor recreation is generally more agreeable than in midsummer when man's ingenuity is often taxed to keep himself cool. There is this to bo said of the E'ister weather that it is very changeable. One may leave his home in the morning glad to wear his summer suit, and return at night shivering with the cold and lamenting the want of foresight which permitted him to go away without his overcoat and an umbrella. It may have been partly with a desire to ensure fine weather that no regular Easter encampment was held; but the small " fields" at stated points were visited by a queer mixture of " sunshine and storm." The mornings of Good Friday and Saturday were agreeable; the afternoon quite the reverse. The broken weather culminated on Sunday in a great storm of wind, rain and hail; but Monday offered ample recompense in the shape of a beautiful, sunshiny day, of which the most was made by pleasureseekers. The day wept itself out with a misty rain. Throughout Christendom Good Friday is set apart as the day which commemorates the death of our Lord, and the mournful anniversary is fittingly celebrated. The worship is changed on Easter Sunday, and then it assumes a more cheerful tone—typical of the joy. felt at the Resurrection, by Jvhiph tw&jJie.; redemption of man was completed. ^Appropriate services were held on both occasions iu most of the district churches. Easter Monday was devoted to amusements, the searchers after which having an almost unlimited supply. Appended are given details of some of the principal gatherings in this and adjacent districts. STEIGLITZ RACES. President, Mr J. W. Wallace ; vice- presidents, Messrs W. J. Wright, sen., and C. Kohn j judge, Mr T. A. Frearson; stewards, Messrs R. J. Bourke, W. Wright,, junr., M. Mulroouey, E. Simpson, A. Johnson, Jno. Howard, EL Barrett, J. Thomas, F. A. Frearson ; starter, Mr F. Harvey; weigher, Mr A. Board man; clerk of course, Mr W. Wright, junr.; lion, secretary and treasurer, Mr Jas. C. Howard. After au interval of some years the annual race meetiug under the auspices of the Steiglitz Racing Club was held on Easter Monday, under the most favourable circumstances. Like most mining towns Steiglitz has beeu " under a cloud " for a considerable time. Tbe population, which in its days of prosperity was numbered by its thousands, dwindled away to a few score, and for a time it seemed as if it would suffer complete extinction. It was aud is the ghost of its former self. The ruined fragments of chimneys, detached portions of fences, heaps of broken bottles and rubbish, a garden plant here and there grown wild, tell as eloquently; in their mute speech, of a former glory, as did tbe poet when he immortalised— Sweet Auburn, loveliest village of the plain. The discovery of gold, which has been responsible for the accomplishment of marvels as great as any that are told in fairy tales, such as the Arabian Nights' entertainments, peopled the hills and gullies of Steiglitz as if by magic. Then the gold yield fell away, and almost as suddenly the locality was deserted, the population doubtless being lured away to other parts by reports of fabulous finds. In former years, however, people merely scratched the surface, aud were satisfied with nothing less than ounces to the ton. Now, the search for the precious metal is continued to surprising depths with successful results. Much attention has lately been given to mining at Steiglitz, and the successful operations of the United Albion and other claims, has given the old place a renewed lease of life. This is shown by the new buildings going up in various directions. The veteran edifices are, so to speak, renewing their youth, and the liberal use of paint has done much to assist in the transformation scene. The old residents, as they meet in the street, shake one another heartily by the hand, and with many an " I told you so," teil the oft-told story of this and that rich reef, and of their prophetic assertions that Steiglitz would be itself again. Advance Steiglitz ! and may the glory of your future prosperity be more permanent than the fitful glare which gave light and life to your heath-covered hills and your grassy gullies. It was under tbe auspices of the rising sun of prosperity that the race meeting was held on Easter Monday, aud it is not surprising that it proved thoroughly enjoyable. Everybody seemed on the tip-toe of expectancy, looking forward to brighter days. As if in sympathy with man's feelings the day was bright and beautiful—a delightful contrast with the previous day, which was cold, wet and thoroughly wintry. There were numerous entries for the various events, and though the programme was an unusually lengthy one the officials made such dispatch that it was got through in reasonable time. It is estimated that the races were witnessed by 400 or 500 people, an attendance that was most gratifying under the circumstances. The course is pleasantly situated on the sandy ridge of a hill. Although heavy rains had fallen during Sunday, the ground, owing to the porous nature of the soil, was quite dry the whole day. Mr W. Miller, of Maude, catered satisfactorily for the public. The stewards partook of their luncheon at Mrs Scott's new hotel. A grand ball was held at uiobt in the Alfred Hall, and was well attended. Appended are the results of the races:— MAIDEN HURDLE EACE, of 6 sovs. One and a half miles. G.N.W.F.A. J. Cleary's b g Darby, aged (Owner) 1 J. C. Howard's b g Victor, aged (A. Douglas)... 2 Ta- ra-ra-boom-de-ay, Aristocrat and Nick of the Woods also started, aud No Name was scratched. Betting—Even money Aristocrat, 2 to I Darby. Won easily, all the others ruuniug off during the early part of the race. TRIAL STAKES, of 5 sovs. One mile. For horses that have never wou a prize exceeding £10. ]41bs. over W.F.A. M. M'Rae's b g Nick of the Woods, 9s1101b (E. Simpson) ... 1 P Ogden's b or r m Queen of the Hills, 6 yrs or aged, 9st 131b (Mattie) 2 C. F. Randall's oh g Pride of Montrose, 9at 101b (Owner) - ... 3 Other starters—No Name, Maid of the Mount, Jennie, Aristocrat, Signa, Gipsy's Warning and Duraline. Torquay aud Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay were scratched. Betting—2 to 1 Nick of the Woods, even money Queeu of the Hills, 2 to 1 others. Wou easily from start to finisli. FARMERS' RACE, trophy, cart harness. Half-mile. Winner to pull a ton. T. M. Scott's r m Why Not walk over MAIDEN TROT, of 4 sovs. Weight, list. Two miles. M. Plannagan's ch m Signa, aged (Owuer) ... 1 J. Parker's b m Polly (Owner) 2 J. Elstead's cb m Nellie, aged 3 Other starters—Pearl, Roy, Victorite, Judy, Little Footsteps, Bessie, Flint, Widow O'Brien. Won by about a couple of lengths. PACING RACE, trophy, bridle and spurs. Horses to walk, trot and gallop three successive halfmiles. P. Bourko's Flint (Owner) 1 D. Ryan's Blood (Owner) 2 Parker's Master Tom (Owner) 3 There were thirteen starters. Mr Sherfleo's Moses was tho first past the post, but was disqualified. Tho reasons given wero unfair walking and owner refusing to deposit 5s prior to the race as a guarantee against the transgression of conditions. A protest was entered. SELLING RACE, of 5 sovs. Winner to be sold for £10. 7lbs. allowed for every £2 reduction iu selling price. 14,1 bs. over W.F.A. Six furlongs. C. F. Randall's b g Prido of Montrose, ai'od (Elstead) ... 1 P. Ogden's b or r m Queeu of the Hills, 6 yrs or aged (Cusack) 2 P. Burke's hi h Professor, 4 yrs (Turner) ... 3 No Name and Duraline also started. Maid of the Mount aud Aristocrat were scratched. Betting —2 to 1 ou Pride of Moutrose, 2 to 1 bar oue, A well contested race. The winner was bought in by the owner for £12, the club gaiuiug by the transaction to tho extent of £1. Queen of the Hills was claimed by tho club, and bought iu by owner for £15, MAIDEN PONY RACU, trophy, riding saddle. 14, hands and under. Weight, 8st 7lb3. Halfmile. Randall's Lassie, Sst 71b (Douglas) 1 Morau's Pharoah, Sst 71b (P. Mo-an) 2 Carroll's Fairy, Sst 71b (O truer) 3 There wore five starters, but the three named only finished, the other two going off at tho old course. SELLING TROT, of 4 sovs. Winner to be sold for £20. 100 yards' start for every £2 reduction iu selling price. Weight, 12st. Three miles. J. Parker's br m Polly, 500 yds behind (Owner) 1 W. Millar's r m Why Not, aged, 1000 yds bc- — Mo<i-vr.-8tsTt)--—rr^—rr——2~ J. C. Howard's b g Victor, aged, 400 yds behind (T. Cleary) 3 Other starters—Fliut, The Arab and Nellie. Ada, Swindler aud Who'd Have Thought It were scratched. The winuer was bought in by the owner for £11, the club gaining £1 by tho transaction. UMBRELLA AND CIGAR RACE, for an inscribed cigar-case. Half-mile. Won by Black Jock, with Queen o£ the Hills second, but a protest was entered against the winner by the rider of the third horse, who was the ouly one to finish with his umbrella open over his head and his cigar alight. DISPOSAL STAKES, of 5 sovs. Winner to bo the property of the stewards, and to be sold for nil. Weight, 9st. Half-mile. Kershaw's Lofty, 9st i Wilmot's Skyscraper, 9st... 2 Tucker's Miss Pile, 9st 3 Six starters. The winuer was sold for £4 to il r Callery. 