A FEARFUL CAB RIDE. r IHAD taken a carriage to go home from ' the meeting of the Benevolent Flannel =-ociaticn, of which I am a member, for it :as a pouring-rain, and no umbrella was of any avail; andri we had gone just about half : mile thr-ongh the dismal streets, when the driver suddenly stopped, and called through the little window on the roof- SMadam."' Well," said I. " Could you do me a favour-me and a poor half-drowned lady out here ? She wants me to take her in. Of course, it wduld be a good thiifg for me, with my big family and low wages, and it would be a charity to her, poor thing, on such a day; but of course, if you obje't-" "Oh no, I don't obiject,". said I. "I wouldn't keep a womrari ? in such a storm` for worlds.' Let her in1". "Thankye," said the driver. And I opened the door. In an instant a .woman-badtiimridvni:hanid taken her seat opposite me. She was a pretty woman, witlhra datk. complexion and long black .hair; braided' oddly enough in two pigtails like a little schoolgirl's. Perhaps she was- 80~--:She wore a mourning gown, elabo?ttel'y~ rimmed, a breakfast cape, and a little sealskin cap that might as well have been a man's as a woman's. She had no gloves, no umbrella, no waterproof cloak, and I felt sure, as I looked at her, that she had been obliged to go out in the rain to call the doctor to a child with the croup, or to someone who had met with an accident.,. fr she had seemed to for get her own comfort entirely. I felt sorry for her as she wiped her poor little wet hands on her handkerchief, and looked piteously at her wet dress. But to speak to a stranger is such a step for a woman, and she had not uttered so much as a " thank you " for my courtesy, though she had two or three times looked' straight into niy face with her big black eyes. I sat in silence, therefore, until at last she fixed a long strady gaze upon me, and said : " It is a wet, uncomfortable sort of world after all, isn't it ?" " Indeed, it seenis so to- day," I said, with a glance at the lead-coloured sky. "And it never rains in heaven," said she. " Oh, no." " I hope not, I am sure," said I. " \Where storms do not come," she repeated, as though making a quotation. " Of course it does not. But then," she ladded quickly, "you see one stays with one's husband and children at any cost. As long as they are in this chilly, wretched world, one must wish to stay." "Indeed, yes," said I. And then, seeing that she was agitated, and remembering my fancy that she was going fora doctor, I said, haphazard: " And when anyone we love is ill, we grow gloomy, and fear all sorts of things." " Yes," said she. "I have a husband, the dearest fellow, and two pretty children pretty and good as a mother could wish and how anxious they were when I' was so ill. Terribly anxious. He cried-a great, stout man. Yes, lie cried. Of course the little ones did. And when I died-" "When you died ?" I repeated. " T es, when Idied," she said, in a louder tone. "When I died, I say, he fainted. Oh, you think itstrange that I should speak of myself so. Nobody believes me; but it's true. I am not living; I am only mate rialised." I could not make any answer to this ; I only shrank away into,tile corner of the car riage, for though I had no idea that I was in company with a ghost, her words made me nervous. We had yet a long way to go, though the driver was doing his best, and what with the clatter of the horse's hoofs, the patter of the rain, and the usual noises in the street, I doubted if I could make my voice heard if it became necessary. " Yes," the lady went on-" yes, I have a friend who is a spiritualist, and I went to her at once, and as soon as I-appeared to her she kindly materialised me, and I want to stay so. I want to stay materialised, because, don't you see, though it never rains in heaven, I must stay with my husband and little ones, if I can.L They'd miss me so." " Oh, you will," I saidl, imn some trepida tion ; "you surely will. Let. us drive to your house, and as soon as youi- children kiss you, you will know that -you are no longer aspirit. .Have.you told the driver where to go? Shall I?'? She put her haid- upon: my arm and drew me down, as I arose to cnideavour to call the driver. " Stop," she said; "as soon as I cross-the threshold where my corpse is .lying I shall be a horrible ghostagain, and frighten them all. DI)on't you know that? Sit down '" Isat down." She kept hler hand oi my arm. "Listen !" said she; " asn't you hear"the sounds behind us? Spirits coming to carry me to heaven. I don't want to go to heaven; but there is only one way to avoid it.. Tie spirits want hspirit to tale away, and it must be a young woman's spirit. You-you are about my age, are you not ." " Isuppose so," saidL . "Yes," said she; "and . have: you a hus band." "I am a widow," said i. "Good," said she. ' lHow lucky that.is ! You'll want to go to heaven because your husband is there; I vant" td stay because mineis here. Come. ,I'll send your spirit with them-you'll let me,- won't you !:''- - I had grown very cold, and felt that I was trembling very much, but I found power to ask her what seemed to myself then to be a very important question. "How would you do it? It depends a little on that--" "Oh," said she," as rot-naow, there - is just one way. I must cut your throat-but I have a very sharp razor, and it won't hurt at all. It's much the best for us both, you see, my husband being here, yours there. And those spirits, with their white wings and cold hands will never know."' She drew a razor from heu pocket as she spoke and opened it. I made one dash for the door-which I should have made sooner had I guessed at the hidden weapon, you may be certain-but as I did so her face changed, hIer eyes flashed furiously, and she clutched me by the throat. I gave a wild scream, thIe carriage stopped, and I heard amidst my terror the voices of two men shouting something close beside us, Then the woman was struggling in a policeman's arms, and a gentleman hIeld tihe razor in Iris hands and folded it away in its sheath. There was another carriage besides ours, and these two men had spruing from it. "Madam, I hope you are unharmed,?" said the gentleman, speaking with a slight foreign accent. " Yes, I am thankfiul to say I am," said 1. " You know what it all means "" sairl he. "It was a fine mind that illness warped so terribly. She has been ill, and she believes herself now a spirit. It is a delusion of hers that if she can send a spirit to heaven she may remain here herself. My poor Isadora I! Forgive us the terror you have felt. We thought her well-watched, but she escaped us. I believe that dwelling too much on spiritualism has caused all this." Then he bowed, and followed' his wife into the otlier carriage, and I saw her clinging to him as they drove away.-IIomeland. . - , ,,,, , 