CURRENT TOPICS. ALREADY, although the winter is but, young, there are many significant indica tions that the pinch of poverty is being acutely felt by the helpless residuum who are always within measurable distance of want. The charitable are having the claims; of destitution placed before them with wearying importunity, and the resources of our charitable institutions are being strained to the utmost. As a case in point the following figures may be cited:-The Benevolent Society distributed in chari table relief during the past month 62281b of bread, 31791b meat, 1801bb tea, and 10551b sugar. In addition to this extensive doles of firewood and oatmecl were made during the month. A belief also prevails amongst those com petent to form a judgment that a vast amount of distress, masked by the pride of self-respecting sufferers, is prevalent in quarters that the efforts of the charitable will not be allowed to reach. THE mneeting of the Chamoar of Com merce which was to have been held yesterday lapsed fcr want, of a quorum, the only members who were in attendance b-ing the chairman of the chamber (Mr S. J. Sutton. N H.A.) and Mr A. W. Birchall. IN the Cork gxaminer (the leading paper of the south of Ireland) ot April 26 we find the speech delivered by the Rev. John O'Mahony on the occasion of the recent PaLrick's Day celebratlon, which was fully reported in the Examiner, copied into the columns of our contemporary. Attention is directed to the speech in the following editorial note :-"The many friends and admirers of the good priest, genial com panion, and sterling patriot, the Rev. John O'Mahony, who now finds a home beneath the Southern Cross, will read with pleasur able interest the extract from our Tas manian contemporary which finds a place in our columns to-day. The eloquent words of Father O'Mahony show that there is little reason to fear that in his adopted home h. will forget the city by the Lee that always reckoned him amongst the most gifted of her sons, or the land that he loved, and in whose struggle fcr freedom he deemed it an honour to take part." AT the regular weekly meeting of the committee of the Benevolent Scciety, held at the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, there were present-Messrs J. Stephenson (chairman), A. W. Birchall, M. Tyson, B. P. Farrelly, J. Tullcch, G. Baker, W. 1. Bar wood, G. Wilkins, J. T. Farmilo, T. C. Genders, and the secretary (Mr . Came ron). The secretary reported having given temporary relief to eight men, two women, and four children during the week. Of the men, three were relieved for three days,. one for two days, and one for four days; of the remainder two wished to be put on the permanent roll, on which there were now 57 men, 108 women, and 284 :children, making, a total of 399. Two families had retired with thanks, and three families had been put on the roll. Donations as follows had been received. during the week : - Cornwall Coal Company, per: Mr H. 'Edge'l, 10 tons coal; Mr G. Parramore, .£2; hon.Wm. Hart, £25, being a fourth part of that gentleman's Parliamentary . honor arium; W. J. Hingston, £1 (this amount was remitted in consequence of the donor having .noted through the press the extent of the work being performed by the society) ; a friend, 2s 6d; J. Blackburn, £1; parcels of clothing had been received from Mrs Perrin, a lady friend, and Messrs James Boag and M. Brimble; blankets from Messrs Pepper and Perrin and "no name ;" rugs, Mrs J. Thompson; box of tea, Mr Munnew. The committee passed a vote of thanks to Mr H. Edgoll and the Cornwall Coal Company. The secretary announced that 21 half-loads of firewood had been distributed during the week, and accounts amounting to £113 were passed for payment. This concluded the busi ness. THE Bijou Hall was crowded in every part last evening when the members of the Hugo's Minstrels were tendered a benefit. A splendid programme was gone through by the members, assisted by local ama teurs. At the conclusion of the perfor- • mance Mr Harry Carroll thanked those pre sent for their attendance, and all who had tendered a helping hand to them during their stay. Their visit to the country towns had met with very bad luck, which.was no fault of the company. In saying good-by, he hoped it would not be long before they appeared before a Laun ceston audience again. The company leave for Melbourne to-day. A MosT attractive programme is an nounced for presentation at the Academy of Music on Monday evening next. The curtain will rise on the beautiful comedy drama "Sweethearts," and the romantic operetta " Genevieve'" will follow. Atten tion is directed to the particulars of the entertainment, contained in another column, The prices of admission are mode. rate, and tickets may be obtained at Meserar Welch Bros. and Birchall's, and from the numerous performers. The box plan is now open at Walefi's. LAsT evening the usual Wednesday night service in counection with the Patterson-street Wesleyan Church was held, when there was a good attendance. The preacher, the Rev. W. Shaw, took for his subject the Book of Ecclesiastes, on the lines of the "chief good." After a brief analysis of the book, the lecturer ex pounded its teaching as expressed in chapters 11 and 12, the main points being charity, duty, and true pleasure, tempered by remembrance of God and His com mands. A CORRESPONDENT writes :-- trial of double chilled ploughs took place on Wed nesday at Mr W. Richardson's farm, Whitcfoord Hills, and was witnessed by a large number of practical farmers, who seemed very pleased at the light draught and simplicity in construction of the im plement; also the thorough manner in which it pulverised the soil. A hillside plough was also tried, and worked very satisfactorily. The trial was conducted by Mr J.W. Cheek, local representative of Messrs A. G. Webster and Son, Hobart. Owa Burnie correspondent writes :-A. painful and. serious accident occurred on Tuesday afternoon to a boy aged about three years, the son of Mr Wm. Atkinson, of the Mooresille road. It appears that the little. fellow clambered on a box.and obtained-a ~fisk of' gunpowder from the mantel shelf. He must then have thrown it into the fire, as a loud report was heard, and the house filled with smoke. The child had his hair singed off his head and his face and neck severely burned. It is not known yet to what extent the eyes are injured, as they are completely closed by the swelling. From accounts to hand the little sufferer is doing as well as can be expected. CoMrLAIrTS were rife in the city last evening relative to the dulness of the gas, the defect being especially noticeable be *tween the hours of eight and ten o'clock. IN the current number of the Church News much interesting reading matter is to be found. It is stated that the Bishop and Mrs Montgomery are coming north. "Mr William Genders has most kindly put his house in Launceston at their disposal, and they propose taking up their residence there on June 12, for a mouth or six weeks. The address will be ' Iona,' George-street, Launceston." The experiment of holding the clerical meetings in the morning and afternoon, instead of aftirnoon and even ing, is to be tried in the Southern Arch deaconry, as some difficulty is being ex perienced by many clergymen in attend ing in the evenings owing to other engage ments. In the list of members of the Diocesan Council appointed t. assist the Bishop in connection with the preparations of the Church Congress the names of the Rev. R. C. N. Kelly,Messrs H.R.DumareEq, M.H.A., A. North, and R. Kermode are in cluded. The Right Rev. Francis Russell ixon was enthroned as first Bishop Tasmania in' St. David's Church, chbart, on July 27, 1843, and it has been decided to hold a special festival service in St. David's on the 50th anniver sary of the occasion next month. The Catholic Standard, also to hand, contains several interesting articles dealing with church and Irish affairs, and additional par ticulars, of the visitation of the' Arch bishop of Hobart to various districts in the colony. The silver jubilee of the ordina tion of the Rev. John Feehan, of Oatlanddf is referred to. We have to acknowledge a copy of the Review of Reviews from Messrs Robert A. Thompson and C.., of Mel bourne, sole agents for Australs'a. Walch's Litcerar Intelligencer is also to hand. LAsT evening the Hellers concluded their Launceston season at the Academy of Music, and on Monday they appear at the Theatre Royal, Hobart. Their entertain ment is certainly remarkably clever and attractive in character, and was heartily appreciated by all who witnessed it during the week at the Academy of Music. IT is notified in our advertising columns that a newspaper agency has been opened by Mr A. E. Viney at No. 33 Patterson street, near the Commercial Bank. The windows during the last few days have attracted much attention, being filled with all the latest periodicals and comic papers. The enterprise of the proprietor, will no doubt be appreciated. AT the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday next an entertainment will be given under the direction of Mr Lawrence Campbell. A good programme will be presented, con sisting of tablcaux vivants, with readings, banjo solos by Mr Tebbs, and selections by Messrs H. Edgell, Laurence Campbell, and Beaufoy. Oun Branxholm correspondent writes: There is so little to write about in the immediate vicinity that one has to go farther'afield to get anything sensational, the latest being the discovery of a skeleton on Mr Charles Krushka's property, on which an inquest is to be held at Moorina to-morrow. The said skeleton has evi dently been where found for some years, and as the oldest inhabitants fail to re member any one being lost in that part, of course there is a mystery connected with it.-Our respected' medico, Dr. Rockett, had a narrow escape last night driving from Derby to Ringarooma, in company with Mr Morgan, insurance agent. When approaching the Derby abattoirs the horse, evidently fancying it saw or "smelt" some thing supernatural, perhaps the " Black Creek Ghost" bounded into the bush and upset the buggy, throwing both occupants out, but fortunately a broken lamp and a slight shaking were the only unpleasant consequences, and they continued their journey without further mishap, and to night seem none the worse for their adven ture, but assert they " won't travel with that brute again." Of course this refers to the horse. THE Europeon Mail says that Lord Hope toun appears to have somewhat overdone the shirt-sleeve and slouch-hat trick during his recent tour in New Zealand. Of course, the weather was very hot when the Vic torian Governor passed through New Zealand, and it was a great temptation to him to fall into the bush fashion and ride in his shirt-sleeves, with his coat strapped on the saddle in front of him. But it was, perhap., a mistake to ride into the towns in this gear. This is what one of the Canterbury papers has to say about his Excellency :-" No doubt Lord Hope tor n thinks this is the correct thing in this part of the world; but he may as well know that colonials would be better pleased to see his lordship maintaining the dignity of his position. We are democratic enough, in all conscience, but we do not like to see the representative of the Queen riding through the town in his bshirt-sleeves." THE result of the second series of colonial wool sales for this year, which have just closed (says the Esuropsean Mail), is dis tinctly encouraging. Out of the 346,000 bales catalogued only about 30,030 bales are held over for future realisation, and the prices obtained have been appreciably higher, the improvement ranging in some cases as high as Id and ]1d per lb. At the present time, when Australia is beset with financial difficulties, this rise is of great importance to her. In South Africa colonists will be able to pocket their profits without melancholy reflections as to coun terbalancing diadvantages in connection with their banking institutions. Theirs is bliss without alloy. EvERYnoDY should know that the best value for cash is obtainable at Marriott Bros.," The Tailors," William-street, next Terminis Hotel.- [Advt.] In the wintry weather, in Sweden and Norway, trusses of straw and hay are tied Sto the lamp-posts for theN benefit of the birds. THE St. Andrew's Literary Association meets this evening at half-past seven, when Mr Web ber will read an essay on " The soul after death." THa Electrio Telegraph officials notify that two unolaimed telegrams addressed "Harry ?Newton, Launceston," and "Messrs Lawrence and English, Launceston," respectively, are lying at the local office awaiting claimants, A BAZAAR in aid of the clrcuit funds of the Weleyan Church will be opened in the Derby 'Town Hall to-morrow at 8 p.m., and be con tinued on Saturday afternoon and evening. Chinese upera Company appear at the Blfot Ball to night. The Misasion Church Band of Hope meets to aght at half-past I. . meeting of the Wealeyan Chupch Band of r'op? Invermay, i.ill be held this eveying. 