THE PR103Y GHOST. Tha oqo nftorncKiU train was duo at 3liddlo- .onl— a small, (Uraglintr, atiil not very roeperoua town, wbero terminated & branch &»« frura junction on tbo South- Wotoru J1, AnWHy— a Woo for which, aftor loon pro- »,.ctod«i>poWUon aoddciay, oiTMntoao w«n IbUiutd tooUte.lralGo hiving rnorgtd in tho j,P<cti,»n ol a nfcighbonogr plftco. m&klorA;'. MUdlafordl" Ab tho train drow.up »t Iho platform, ono .nneronlr, a youne toau Of about eight Sr nl"" "nd ?U-PPcd out npd ilool l.ir . low moments looting .bout lum «J il m Ho was, miuot, wUh himself ne to whether 1.0 would, niter Si,p»y'lool,?'-co Tit" h'. sou 10 lie bud not t?ono by invitation otlier tiinn wuu convoyed in the wotdu : "lion t forgot to look mo op if too ohonco to bo anvtrhoro in W neiltbbottood, Moredlth," opobon by n TOUOI follow botwoon whom and blmoolf boon iwno degree of lutlmaoy at !he University, aa tbo two parted to go their rent way i. Tho nauol wordo, not peno- roUy estimated abovo their vnluo; and tbo ISli of eating npon them bad not oecnrred to Allan Mrreditbuntil bo found him.olf ior aotno boura at tbo junction, and, turtdng over tbo loavoa of Bradahaw, catno S tho namo of Middleford, and rcmom- beted that it waa Lauronca Vctaehoyloa oia" Finding that it waa not more than Ere or Bir toiler from tbo junction, and tat tbo train was juit otortiog, ho liad, on tbo impulao of tho moment, taken a U uVod'to'auothcr moment or two «t!U hesitntin/, little imagining tho Influence b.a deoioion would 1.UVO on b.a future bio, and unable to account for Ida irrcaolnt.on-natato of ralnd eo unuiual with bun. Ho pro-outly shook blmoolf froo of tho foaling, end decided, oinco ho bud got ao for, that bo would go on. JIPi inquired tho way of tbo porter, who bad lamn ounouoly oyolng blm, and lcaving bia bag at tho atauon oot forth f"A?bol'walWod along tbo not very Interest ing country read, bia thought, reverted aga.n to tl.0 man bo waa going to eoo. « bat bad become of him eineo thoy bad parted throo vnara previously— \ creohoyle. tbo firet lavorilo of bia oct, who, with hi "drpod iutolhnt, brilliant, w.ttv and tcren.Ho, had .corned capable of almoel auy menial l.nt I'lVoo bobad done nothing beyond ,e . Smpreaaiou Uiat bo could do u great dual If bo chose ; "and" thought Allan Meredith, " carry homo u abcuf of b.lla, f ovport. Ho en gbt to hove been tbo moneyed miin end t tbo one obliged to I.Cup 10 the grindstone, perhnps. I dou't bnow ; the wrv ueeeesity for doing nomulbing may huyt givin bin. tbo l.iud of impetus he uceded-te iav nothing oi l.aving to beep up the prc.-l.g. of tm aticiiiut iiJitnc, which must bo eomuspui to a mail." 1 Ho bad reached iho crossroad, and wob rccrilimi the Koinowhitt vdguo ihrectioua < tho porter bad given him. "Straight on | till \oa emu to a finper-po-t tmtt seents to point ba ak to tho station, but down t; | l.ko Unit roa-1, sir— tho Fr.ory lano, it « , caUcd-untll you e.,mo to .a owing goto, , lending into n Held .mors that, koepmg tbo . !.MXl. get ' over ''tbaM (to through tl.o , i twxiH— an-l ,m avuntie, wbeto all the ircos i ,;.lV0 |;e„n cut down, iindthirro jouorc. 'Iho old pUco you'll heu.bufoie.you in tlioFru- ry'. i Timo and wwitfcer hud ofliiced whatever information the Mfm pnit had unco alJor"d Mid tlic-ro wui nothing for It but to tako tho . diuo'.ion in whioh ii pointed. . Ho walked MuwIt ou, upceuUtinK M.t what port of weluoroo lie waa .likely Jjfccrro frout Vcr.chnvlua i>coplo. How littlo ho ; kis'-w ftVout tbnm. Frank to utriuuveuoB m 8omo dir. ution.H, Verncboyle oould bo reticent cccusb in others, ntid rarely alluded to iiU family. Thai ho whb on only wn, i and ut IU fithoc'a uaitli hud luboritcd but tho trtt-ck of n onio laruo property, Allftn know. Ho hod hIi-o heard Ll.at thu widowed uiotbcr we> rtill livinv. . Whut was Voranhoylo doing? -living upon the small nropiTtv, Innning tbo loud or linn he, us ho had buuiotum« wlkcd tof domi", mmo in far lltoruture, and narrled bia woros to the Jaondon niarUtH At that timo his wares had appeared to Allur Slarwlilh likely to bo worth a great de.il ; but, with his thrco year' added kunwltdgo and experience, ho w.it,ow inclined to ontimato thorn n>me- whnt ditferootty. VerBchoylo' iutoUeot had, indeed, ruvcaled itntlf ohloily by fitful lla-dics, hrilliur.t and dnxaling enough In thtir.oiru'it ot tho momeut, hut leaving, no Inning imnroeMon of vury high powers: and this, with bin mercurial tcmperaraont might render bin bucccsa in tbo future doubt- fulo , , j. Allan Merodith had proceeded porno dw- tntiro, und wan beginning to think that ho must bavo panscd tho swing gate without noticing it, when, on turning a bond in tho Into, ho daw ayoung girl walking in advanco. H.i unickenod bin steps a littlo in order to ovcrtuko her, and inako inquiry 08 to whothor bo was going in tbo right direction, noting, meanwhile, burgoneral appoonuico bo far as to infer that tho was a farmer's daughter j ; or rathtr, an bo thought with a half smilo, what u fanner's daughter is conventionally Mipr fiKcd to bo liko. Thick leather iboes, a rl'inly itiado gowu of bo»o« light groy Btufr, in .j Ph»i t -.'nough for country walking; a largo I....W U (draw hat, with neither llowcr nor t«> adoru it; and ungloved bauds, in ringing by bor eido a strap buckled t w.j or ibreo tatterod-looklng books. . r ;i moment or. two bo rccognlecd Homo- it.-..-.- M.iio. Taking note of tbo firm, lUht (/,>, tin- cnrri&go; of tbo .keadptho perfect 1 4>i' aiiti ftiiudoinof thotallgruooful fipnro.ho riiiiil.iily.ojaimlated: "A Ipdy; ayo, and nil'" "im» iadividuality ot her own, too !" II -'op had evideotly not been heard on <),i' -fiii, springy turf, and ho was fast Iobbou- i,-.- ii, s. dintuuoe bctwoon thctn,BOmocurio9ity fin-..' '..ingling with bis doatro for Information, w'n'i. (, tio turned out of tho laao and passed 1 1; i < iirjti ii awing gatoi 'Hereabs pauBod for a moim-pi; looking back, and their even met. V. i. juot auoh a face os bo, a dreamer of drcstti; bad Boinotlmea plctutod to Mmielf, hut hardly. hoped toseo in tbo world of reality. A fnco too gravo and troubled for her voara — the looked barely IS— hut how beautiful with it clear, standfast oye» and gonsxal cxproa- m<iu bo'uimple, frank, girlish,' and, at thn Banu'tihie to intolligont and' thoughtful ! Shu wusrrgurding. him wilh a- surprised, (pujHiorilng took, which romlndod him that Lu wan garing too pertinaciously. A littlu consciously be lifted bis hat And Ahbcd : M Can you dircot mo to tbo Priory ?" "Tbo Priory?" sbo repeated in a low voice, bor eyes fixed more Intently upon him. und her bund tlgbtonlug on tbo goto. "Mr Yarsohoylo'ti placo. , 1 was dlreotod at tho railway station,' but do not feci euro that—" " Whom do you want to BOO tlicroP" she put in itbruiitiy— almost ungraotoualy. Xor wai tho tono aosumod ; Ibis was not thu girl to afiuct tiio.bruH(|uorio of unconvon- tiuimlity anymore than thosuavlty ofoonvou- tioualHy— It waa rather that of ono in drop anxiety, and nuaooustomed to voil hor thoughts. Mr Vorachoylo/'hs roplled.) " On l>u4inorH the expresaton of drend, of whate ver It- was,-'- desponing In hor fimo, uhltw uow to the Hps ; as, on the im- pu!a nf thu moment, sho pressed back the gnto «« though to bar ilia way. "No." ho murmured. To bare brought such u took to such a face i Sbo still oyod htm with the same nntjdiot scrutiny, ua though dobatlns aomethlug in hor tnlnd ; then hurriedly askod, " But why ? Where do you coma from." ' He might very wall have Isked what in- toroit ill rtdatlona with Verschoylo oould huvo foe her ; hut ho folk that tb'oro was eomo gravo reason undorlying her anxiety, and waa not inclined to toko olFouco, ' Moreover, thero was- no necessity for myatory on his dido ; ami, therefore, be might as woll reply openly aud-dircctly to hcrnaettion. "brom Graymiust«r. My namo Is More dlth." . . " Aro you n friend of hliP Mr Vcrsehoylo is my brother Still a Utile hosltaiagly and, . as U wore, on tho defensive. ' Uo raleod his hat strata. "Wo ward at Wadbsm together,' Miu. Verseboyle, and, diauoiog to bo In ' this nufghborhood,' I thought X would. look him up for half. an hours talk over old times."' The color como Into her chocks, .and a smilo to her beautiful lips, although both faded too quickly. 1 "I remember yjur nsrae now, Mr Meredith, lhavo oftou, heard my brother ipoak uf you," moving aside for him to p»a through the gale na sbo odded, " It you will como with mu.I wUl show you tlio way." Ho liowsd, naadug.qulckly through to hsr iblr His indecision bad entirely vanished bow, and a visit to tha l'riory scorned tho inoit ili'hirablo tiling In tbo world. To tbipk of Vcr- whoylo not mentioning tbatbo bad a sis tor— Bud Much a slater I , . <",If«ar I must have. soomed terribly rods when' you (inn spoke io mo; 'Mr Meredith," bBs said, looking up into his face with a MuUe,ai they proceoded aloag the path that fkirto& tho. flold. >' The truth Is, I waa araid— that is, I. thought you.vcro— soma- one else," flushing with the consciousaffli tbot ho was saying more than oho hndraoant , toaay. Ho hastened tn iunuro hoc that it hid Leon qnitu evident no discourtesy wa« Intended : tcentally, the while, congratulating himsolf upon not being " eomeouo else," then quietly ohangod the subject. M I havo not Been , yonr biptber- since wo loft Oxford, MIsh Vezschoylb ' -Your only brother, is he not?" "Vcs; and I am hi only nistor. My mother, Jurooce, and I livo lit the Priory. ' 4 m Mni Verwihoylo ia well, 1 hopo?"wlth suddenly developed inicro:t in everything that concerned hor. "My molhor la not worse, I am glad to say, than she has been tbo last five /ears. Sho is always an invalid." Had not Laurence told him that much? "Whs it anxlotr about her mother'n he.vlth that had brought that look to bor fcnr" ho was thinking. "No; it must be roiuothfog rncte than, or at any rato different from, the kind of trouble which might spring from each a caaeo." He murmured a few words of sympathy, bor clear eyes turned to meet his, with bow different anexprojion from that ho bad first eotn in them ! Thcro was otod a little girliflb fno in thorn, an she aekod " What kind of place do von imagine tho Priory to be, Mr Meredith ? "Well, ono naturally attaohoa a little mediaeval roroonco to the idon of a Priory ; " adding, aftor a moment's reflection— there wero certainly no aigna of prosperity aliont her— "audit ought to bo somowhat dilapi dated, 1 Bttpposc— in tho pioturciquo otogo of decay. It must be difficult to keen those old placos In thorough repair." " Vcry.'Vsho replied, hor faco shadewinc. Thpti, with a cidu glance at him and again attempting a jesting tone, eho wont on : " Diiiicult, too, aa it crumbles away, to find room for ancient retainers, old pictures, heir looms, and tho rest of it. Now proparo your mind, Mr Meredith, when wo turn this next bond— Xbcro is tbo Priory I' Ho waa prepared now to eco noma dilapi dated old place, but hardly for that which mot his view. Tbo Priory 1 ( That desolate- looking remnant of a building, standing forlornly agaioBt tho summer sky I Portion of the wall, some high, eomolow, and all of .'rent thiuknosB, still remained here, indica ting tbo plan of tho old Priory; but at this dtntHuee, even thane seemed to form part of tho surrounding brickfields. l>y no otfort ot tho imagination conld tbo inhabited purtol the buildiug be Huppood to bo tho abodo of pros- porotiH people. All wins desolation and decay, without ptctnrtftqucncfls. Even tho aspect of tho grounds iiboui. it, which might unco have lent their bid .'is n ecttiug to thupictnro, seemed now only to accentuate tlio foilon fortuncsoi thohoui>e. Every acroof tho ground about it, onuo'of somo extent and beautifully wooded, had been sold piccemeil — thu greater imrt for brlcki.elds. On tho »ido thoy wcro nnnroaehlug thero seemed uo redeem- rig feature in tho dismal scene. No ; nut a ikely to bo apnciou recoption- roorns nor < iflices, fcr an army of ancient retaincra i ;here j Court/By itself was dumb ! j "Tho Versoboylca havo not much left to be proud of, you see, Mr Meredith. Wooro jot invaded oy picnic parties and artbte In , earch of the picturesque; bat you aeo the , worst of it from thia side." At thnt moment tho figuro of a man was >eou emerging from eomo rido entrance, and hurriedly malting his way toward tho ruins, in on opposite direction froth that whcuco fhey were npproaehii.g. "Laurenoo hurriedly calling out, aa he teemed to take no heed. " A irieod to eeo He turned ; scented to hesitnto a moment ; then emtio slowly towr.rd them. A he drew nearer, nnil rocogufoed who thn vbltor wd; ho haatcncd hi atop, his whole faco hrightcuing. " Mcrodith ! ho ojaculatod, in a touo of relief. " Wuoro have you sprung from? How aro you, old follow? Quito woll?" ' AHriu Meredith grasped tho hand extended towards him, nil tho more heartily, perhaps, hecaui>i) it was thohnnd of MisB Vcrrehoylo' brother, & hn explalnud, " I waa at tho jiincticn, nud.bciug bo near, thought I would look you up." " c.lui to kco you, old follow. Yuu know till in my sister ?" "Ye; Mips Vcrschoylo waa good enough to show mo tho way." Kho turnedto leavo them wilh tho words: " lJinner will bo ruudy in an hour, Lau- " All right 1" Meredith had timo now to notico that thcro was tho eatno expression of dread in tho brothcr'H faco lie had anen in tho eiater'n, hot with a differonoe. In hor faco it wua simply fear : In his it waa this and 'something worao. Uuliko hi nistor, looking straight at you in hur trouble, hin eyes wcro either aowncnut or nvorted; shifting uneasily from ono object to nnotbor. Tho whole ruan was ohaugfd— it seemed demoralized— sluco Meredith had lust bl-ou him. Hi very figuro had lost it elasticity, aud becomo slouoblng and cowering. " What bavo you been doing 'with your self tho laat thrco yearn?1' asked Meredith. " Oh, all sort of Thiaga ; going to-tbo bad, chiefly. Kot much opportunity for dotng (bat or anything olso horo, you may think," notioiug tbo dlroction which tho othor's oyoa took. " Mo ; I havo gone farther afield. Spent two years in London ; tried my hand At all aorta of things, and failed, l am a failure all round." " NonsonBO, man; if you tako that (one you may be." "There is no other tono to tako, now," moodily. " Olvo up in that way. with yonr abilities, and the world before yon !" It eecos cuey enough to von, I daro say. It did to mo before I triod. Thoro is no need for you to put your theories to tho teat, or you might find that men occasionally fall, oven though thoy havo hands and brains to work with. Some havo to godowu, and I'm ono of them— that's ail I " " That is not Miss Vcrsohoylo's creed, I think? " "My alitor 1 Sho has boon tolling you about tho wretohod teaching business, I sup pose? Mho, at any rate, is not cursed with tho family prido. I can't enduro to see her go about giving lessons to tho elodboppors round horo. Docs uo eud of drudgery about the house, too." It had oomo to tills; the sister was working for both ; and Voreohoylo did not even sac what his allowiug her to do so meant I "Whut kind of prido was this?" thought Meredith, his touo showing, pcrbapH, a littlo of what waa in his mind, aa he gravely ropUed :— " I oan quito understand your objoeting to that. You must let your friends use what interests they havo to got you into oomethlng, Vorschoylo. .. "Itwoald bo of no use; atony rato, until —no necessity for going into tbat," moodily kicking u etono across tbo patb. What he wanted justthon was money, and thia waa not tho man to whom ho oould turn for that, with bia talk about sotting to .work. How oould bo say to thia man tbat >ho bad squandered tho list remnant of tho small property which hudaome to kjm; and that thoy wero liable to be turned out of tho old hoino, auoh as it was, at any moment now — hi invalid mother, and, tbo sister who had striven so hard to kcop things togethor— unless hooould obtain money to stove off matters, at any rato for a timo. Treasure was. now being brought to boar upon blm, and throats used that uoloss he paid off the sum of five hundrod pounds— a sum thoro seemed no possibility ot procur ing—charges uf fraudulent borrowing would bo brought against him whioh he might find it difficult to combat ina court of law; and ho vu living from hour to hour in fear of arrest. Thn Priory ItsoU, and everything It con tained of aoy.valuo..to the last family portrait that bang upon the walls, had boon either mortgage! or sold. It a few heirlooms, in tho way of eirvod furniture— a cabinet or wbatnot— bad been allowed still to remain, It was to, as long ns possible, koop.tbo knowlodgo ot the worst from his mother and sister.. Ho had, in the first fow moments of thofr meeting, hurriedly spooulated as to whether anything oould be made out of tho other's cbsnca visit ; but his hopes, if thoy amounted to that, had vory quickly died as be remem bered the past. Thoro bud been nothJog lorco handca or gonerons, according to his interpretation of the words, in Meredith. Ho had ehuwn ao inclination to part witb bis monny without a quid pro quo, and lived as though he bad not a pound to spare, instead of an income of eomo ten or twelve thousand a year. Ho had lost his father in his early boyhood/ and the property, carefully nursed for him aurtog a long minority, bad largely increased. . That, . Uke. many who spond Uttlo upon ihetnaelvea, Meredith oould bo oven lavishly gonerons to others, and that there yras none to whom one in nood could so safely turn for help, Versohoyle did not supoot. Ho would have boeu not a littlo surprised could ho have koown that many a man had to tbabk Meredith for help given just at the right moment, and given ao quietly that nono but the two moot conoeruoa were In the secret. Meredith, to fact, oared nothing for the lnxariea of life. Capable of doing bis share to tha world's work, steadily exercising hU best faculties, and mentally and physically invigorated by the procas, ho waa almost unable to comprehend a man each as VerBchoyle had cumo to be. "No; it would be of nooio," summed up Verrcholo, eying hiia askance. "If I boan to tell him about bring to need of a few hundreds, ho would wnot to know tho whole story ; and it would bo no good trying to throw dust in his eyes. 1 wonder what he would do if 1 told him point-blank that I am liable tobehaulod otfto goal at any momvut for laoit of five hundred pounds ? Button up his pockets, and scurry off without wait ing to tost tho Trioty hospitality, perhaps; or worso still, fcein to preach." Seeing that tbo other was disinclined to bo commnnicatlvo, Meredith ehingcdtbo subject, introducing any topic he could think of which ho thought might intercut him. In vain. I loth felt that they wero .further apart than when tfioy had last met. Thero was, to fact, a barrier between them whioh neither know how to remove. Kngrosied to his own reflections, Vcrschoylo did not keep up tho first semblance of bonhomie, a littlo iodecd, resenting Meredith's o (forts io one direction, einca he did not scoin likely to mako any in another of rauro importance. Holh mon wore equally relieved when a ruddy-checked Bervaut-muid appeared at the doer, and informed than; that dinner would bo ready in ton minutes now. Voreehoylo led the way into tho bonso, showed Meredith to a room, and then availed himrelf of tho opportunity to say a few hurried words to Ina sister. " Kemomber, Madge ; there's no necc'ty for offering him a bod. Ouly ft chanco vmit; thnt mcansnothing: and, therefore, dinno in qnito cuough. How havo you coutriv.;d "Oh, pretty well. No need for pretence. Ho must know by tho general aspect of thiugB how It ia with na.'' "lY'ull, give tho inothor a hint not to press thohoapitalitien." "Ho would not'earo to remain if pho did, 1 vhonld think ; there irf nothing to attrart hirn litre ; " adding, with a littlo surprise, " but 1 should havo thought yon would have been glad to wclcomo uuy ooo, dull as you find it, Lann-nce." "HI wcro not io such straits I might. You know l am at my wits' end just now, liablo to be seized at any moment for that wretched debt." Ho had given it tho came of debt to her, and nho had not tboollgbtost suspicion that it wa anything worro. At thnt momeot Allan . Meredith entered iho roora, which not even tbo shabby furni ture and Mppartanasees of tlio dinror table could rnnfier mean looking, with its noble proportions, ouk ceiling, carved, high chimney po-oo, mid oriel window. Thero was nut Miiiioa-ntcarnet, oven for tho fashion \--only, indeed, one largo, old Turkey rug ; and that was spread in tho recess of tlio window, where wero also a finely-carved, ligh-b.'icked, weil-cuehiuncd ubair, Hinail ' work und writing tftbleu, ftid two or thrco itber last relic of better days, devoted tn tho ;uo o! tho invalid ; a gentle, cutferiug-look. ing woman, with truce of great beauty iu bor thin, worn feco. Morcsiith wa introduced to hur by her daughter, with a tono and look which showed tho frit sbo wan still something to bo Eroud of. Her pride in, and loving earn of, or mother wan, indeed, evident enough. Even hi eye could Ere how mnch more thought hud betn expended upon thu invalid's toilet th»n upon hor daughter', of which tho most that could )>o tatd waa that it was neat as nuy village girl's n:ijht be. I Mrs Verechoylo rcceiud tho stranger with tho simple courtesy ot good breeding. Thcro ' wa no nliusion by word or look to tho altsicd fortunes of tho homo; noattoinpt at explana tion ; but a simple, earuret wclcomo which had its full effect upon Allan Meredith. Ho noticed, too, at thu tablo that no upologies woro made for tho dinner, until Iho con temptuous shrug of tho shouldere which Laurcnco gave its ho glanced from tho dish of curried mutton ut ono end to tho remainder nfihotumo joint that served as tho roust at tho other, culiod forth tbo reply: — " It is tbo bo-jt I could do, Laurcnco. Thoro war no timo to send into the town, and 1 hoped that Mr Morcdith tnlght havo autfi oieut oppotito after his walk, perhaps, tu bo ublo todinoon wbnt wo havo apolugbing to hor brother, as nho had not folt it to bo ucuosflary to apoioiso lo their guest. "That am 1, Mies Vcrsohoylo," ho said, determined thut sho should sco no lack of appreciation on his Fido. "I hnvu oaten only a biscuit since 8 o'clock this morn ing ; " going on to oxplnto what had broug bt him to tho neighborhood. "I had got a littlo out of oouditioa from overwork, and " Overwork ! " put in Laurcnco, " Of what kind?" " Oh, you know I usod to linvo a fancy for comparing ovidenco, and latterly I havo ploddod a littlo too olosoly in getting at Botno I wanted," speaking a littlo heitAtingly end awkwardly in bia desire to avoid seeming to poso. " I noodod ohungo of scotio and more out-of-door oxcrclso. It happened that a final settlement had, juRt now, to bo mndo about a small property my fathor had iu this county, and I thought it would bo an objoot, or at any rato give mo tho ohacgo of scono thoy talked about, to go and look aftor tho salo myself." " 1 did not know yon owned property ia this direction, Meredith." " It was of vory littlo importance ; only a Bmall farm; bat thoro was aotno competition for it, on account of it joiuing Lord Drayl- town' property. Ho wanted to tako it into hin park." " ))id you lot him bavo it ? " " No ; it was not so much a question of money with mo, aod the tenant who had hold it no long, and dono his host for tbo liouso und land had, 1 considered, tlio first cluira. Ho and laottlod it together without much law. Ho is tho possessor of tho farm, and I lm7o brought away a roll of notes; hat's about all." "Isuppoaoa small farm dooa not fotoh much in tuoao days," said Vorcohoylo. " This would havo fetched more had I allowed them to bid ono against tho other ; throo or four, instoad of two thousand, I was told." "Two thousand would seem a pretty good haul to somo pcoplo. Notes, do you say ?" "Partly; and partly to cheques," replied Meredith, looking a Uttlo surnrlned. "Do yon carry them about with you, Morcdith? I mean"— noticing tho surprise io tho other's faco— is it wiso— safe, do you think, to go about those lenoly places with all that—" . breaking off, aod harricdlynddiog, ' ' But, of course, wo can't lot yon go to-night. You must put up with what wo have to offer, uotU tho morntog, at any rato." A sudden tbooght had oroseod his mind. Might It not be possible to appoal to Mcrodith tor a loan ? " What a quarter of that money would do for mo just now! If I could only opon my heart to him, as Madgo aays. Pshaw I Easy enough for girls, auuh as sho, to opon their hearts. Sho wouldn't havo boon so ready to adviso mo to do that had sho known all." "Mr Moredlth would, porhapi, prcfor tbo inn in the town, Laurcnco; ho might find it more oomfoztablo," put in bia airier, a littlo puzzled by tho chango in his tono : but supposing it might ho only to keen up appearances, sbo went on ; 41 Thcro will bo a moon, and—' "Oh, nonsonaol" hurriedly Interrupted her brother. ' "You will not mind roughing it for one night, eh; Mcrodith P Oi courso you must etoy, ? " I hopo bo! inilood," said Mrs Vorsohoyle to whom hor oaughtor bad had no timo lo give the hint hor brother bade hor give. " I trust you will accept our poor hospitality, Mr Meredith." "Thero, that settlos It, Meredith. You can't roftuo my mother, now ; or ahe will bo lamenting tho little wo have to offer." " It la not littlo to mo," ropliod Meredith, In all alncority. Tbo chanco of Rpoiidiug a few hours In iho soeioty of Margaret Vorschoylo woh, indood, beginning to moan a groat doal to him. Ho had not, before, mot any woman who interested him in tbia way ; and, already, ho knew tbat nono other over would. Sho said very littlo now ; having, ho noticed, , becomo mora silent and abstracted as her brother grow effusive, apparently in tho en deavor to mako up for his previous look of courtesy. " This la our only drairio groom, Mr Mere dith, "ahe presently 'said, aa alio and hor mother rose from tho tablo and went towards tho window. |'Yon must ploars try to imagtoo we ore not hers." "I would rather not do that, Miss Vor sohoyle," he replied, rising to join them. "Put won't you— — ? lou wooldnot find this claret so bad," sold Laurenoo, adding, as tho other declined, "Well, then, a cigar ©ntbo terrace, If wa can dignify it with tbat "Not now, thank you. Later on, perhaps, If you will join me." - " Then, I will look after yonr bag. At tho station, didn't you say ? Wo might send Saliy'a brother, cb, bladgop' hurriedly quitting tho To db-Coxclodeu Ncxt Satdiidav. 