Notes of the Week. The latest official move in the matter of the Chinese immigration trouble has been a Custom House notification to the effect that in future, the letter of the law will be strictly adhered to. Another discovery, which accentuates the tötfief;fis tjbaV'tlie Act does not allow anything for a fractional part of 500 tons ''of- a ship's register : which, when worked but to a practical sum, means that the E. and A. Company's boats calling here shall not carry more than two Chinese passengers for any part of Australia, except in the case of Chinese naturalised in South Australia or holding exemption certificates issued by South Australia. The Act is so absurdly strict that it makes no allowance of any kind for: immigrants who have become naturalised in any other part of the continent but South Australia, and a Chinaman may be a lawfully naturalised citizen of Sydney, Brisbane, or Melbourne, and still are ineligible to call at Port Darwin, not even as a through passenger, on a ship arriving from China ! Could anything be more absurd in the way of fraternal intercolonial legislation Î Already, there are signs that our port will be a heavy loser if the Government insist upon the clauses of the Chinese Immigration Act being followed out in all their severity, and our members should take immediate steps to introduce an amending, clause to remove from our shoulders all responsibility save in the case of Chinese landing at Port Dai win, t . At the Literary Society's meeting on Friday night the privilege of criticism was made use of for the benefit of those who contributed features in the evening's business. Being the first occasion on which this system of fault- finding has been exercised members scarcely knew how to take it in the beginning, but before the evening was over its usefulness was abundantly recognised. So long as members are able to control themselves and " keep their hair on " a word in season, kindly applied, should be fraught with the greatest benefit to those who are " pulled to pieces." In an essay on " Criticism," contributed by the Rev. Mr. Millikan on the same evening, the merits of the subject were lavishly extolled. Peradventure, the sire of Vanguard, was a horse with a curious history. He was bought as a yearling by Dr. Browne for 180 guineas, which in those olden days was a longish price to pay. The colt came across with Dr. Browne's party, and was accorded special attention throughout the journey, becoming at length like an old dog about the camp. At night he would sleep right in amongst the men, and while the expedition was to progress the little pet was often cafried:.,óni toys drays across rough' and ?. tiresome: singes. Peradventure was by many English sire from an imported mare; After Newcastle Waters changed hands he was sold to Mr. B. Murphy, who, however, only managed to get two or three foals by him before he died at the Katherine. ; intelligent stockmen assert that Peradventure was as shapely a horse and as well bred as any sire that has ever come to the Territory. The alphabetical cricket match on Saturday last ended in a signal victory for the players of the first part. The " latter enders " gave up the ghost miserably, making quite a holy show of themselves in all branches of the carne. ' We are informed that the 5-head battery has been successfully.set"upon Jolly & Co's Flora Bell ground for the joint working of that' and the old Margaret gold lease close Jby.-, If it is' true that before acquiring this plant 100 tons of stone, were taken to, Union and crushed for every. ounce to. the ton, the proprietary appear to have a good prospect in the gold lease alone. The stone at present on the surface ready for crushing, of which there is a layer body, is estimated to be a good deal richer than payable. The battery for Pine Creek acquired by Yet Loong and others from the Maude Creek Proprietary, will be erected by Mr. Isaac Daniels, on, we believe, a piece of ground held by P. Fitzgerald. : iv At the next meeting of the Literary and Debating Society, novelty in the shape of a full political election will be introduced. The candidates are to be Messrs. H. H. Adcock, R. M. Stow, F. R. Finniss, A. McDonald, and the Rev. Mr. Millikan, each one of whom will be required to divest himself of a political speech to last not longer than 15 minutes. How would the subject "Home Rule for North Australia" suit as the ground-plan of a Parliamentary debate!' The date, for the next meeting has been fixed for this day week, and besides the novelty referred to above there will be a supple- ment of songs, music, Abe. A couple of important rules will also be put to the meeting. ""'.. The majority of our townsfolk ought to be pleased to hear that an old friend in Mr. J. C. Hendry is to return to Palmerston before long. Mr. Hendry is now on his way out from, England, but may not reach here under eight or nine weeks. He will take a position, in the B. A.T. next to the Superintendent. :..-.-., ..:;-. - .-;?:' ; -:.?> It. was. reported on,; Monday last that as secondJoútbireakr of smallpox had occurred, on,, the s.s. Chingtu on Saturday, just at^pyduey.,.,, It-yras.nof known whether the > patient, in. this instance was a passenger or one of the crew, but this point, is. not material. We learn from reliable authority that the surgeon in attendance on the Chingtu on her. now memorable trip was a young Melbourne medico who had never seen smallpox in his life before. which it may be argued, accounts for many things. Unless a man has, had experience of the disease he would not know it if he saw. it, and it seems only the, other day that q expert physicians.. in Adelaide, were very glad to obtain the assistance often Lowson, bf Hongkong, to decide whether a. certain, affliction j then. running its course, at the. metropolis, was chicken pox or the genuine article. i, .. "" The religious rumpus at Bombay, alluded to in one of two telegraphic specials, may OF may «óe»l»oindirectly» due to the work of Sttlvktvowism;'' At all events, it reminds us of some time ago when Miss Booth undertook to turn the natives of Bombay from their-national beliefs-to the rich and rare paths traversed by the lads and lasses of the Salvation Army; - When the Army set out; to convert Bombay it took a terrific contract in hand, and when in the process of conversion Miss Booth and her followers' paraded the market-place' there in > search of lost souls, she soon found that the Hindoo was not a yielding trifle; Three times the Army\fóuñH itself before the Court. On two occasions stiff fines were paid, but the third time Miss B. was sent to- gaol (Without the option, vii nally returning to England a martyr to the good cause. When Mahomet took his millions from the fold of Buddhism religious dissension was introduced to the Indian continent. When the S ilvationists later on attempted to storm the heart of the Hindoo it may be relied on that he felt pretty touchy, and was prepared to resent anything that looked like. a latter-day demand to break away from the doctrines of his original god and prophet. WOLFE'S SI HNAPFS how no equal for the ? nr J of dyspepsia and kindred complaints. BJ we you obtain. WOLFE 3 A slight shower of rain fell inland around Palmerston on Tuesday night. It was not sufficient to lay. the dust, but coming in August it is a pleasant omen. It The All-England v Australia cricket match, played this week, was expected to bring into the field the very, best combination of English cricketers that could be got together. Judging from the result that anticipation was fully realised. We are advised by telegram that the English, Scottish, and Australian Bank, limited, has been registered: It was given out last week that the new bank would most likely be opened on the 14th, but that date Has" gone past and still the assets available to Customers are not at call. It will not astonish us if the opening date is postponed to the beginning of a new month. --.. .? . Makin, the Sydney baby killer has gone the. way of Flannigan, wearily Wandy,, and others, notwithstanding; his strenous efforts to cheat the hang- man on appeal. Another amateur entertainment is already talked of for New Year time, to be more dramatic than lausical. That's just; as it should, fee. The amateur who thnWwsAiap/ the sponge at the first failure and very silly mortal. The true spirit issl»own-.by following; out the old adage "Tryiagnin.'\ According to 'the new' Treasurer's Budget speech South Australia should at the end of the current year be £6,609 ahead of its expenditure on the year's general accounts. The Hon. Mr. Playford has evidently created a very favorable impression by his financial statement, but whether that is due to a special illustration of the gentleman's abilities or simply to the prospective surplus, we cannot pronounce.. What we would like to see more than anything else is the Treasurer exerting: himself to poll the Territory together. But we fear that economy-will settle Ministerial password right through the session. ! ' Mr. Stevens and Mr. Moore, the latter a" visiting representative of Goldsbrough, Mort & Co., have started overland to the ViçtoVïalMvèr. ^iTheiSpJa ÇhiseJ&urs;&jhss; been purchased for M/essrs. Qp^brôt^b,. Effort à^Ço.jraud^e horse showed the way to the Victoria River. . This change of ownership means that the colt will race no more. The price alleged to have been paid for him is £200. This as a Port Darwin telegram to a Sydney Sunday paper is good 3-9 The half- caste (Flanagan) was executed here to-day for the murder of the overseer, McPhee, in consequence of a quarrel during a game of cards." "Resident" writes under date August 9th :-" Sir - Is there an Inspector of Pearlshell in Port Darwin s If not, what is to prevent the beds being ruined,- for all sizes of shell are of value in the market - In Thursday Island they are very particular in this, connection, and if any boat is found with shell on board under the minimum standard (five inches if I recollect aright), the owners are heavily fined, and in my opinion the same supervision ought to be rigidly enforced here. On the occasion of the pearling rush in Port Darwin harbour a few years ago, I, myself, saw large quantities of. shell not more than three inches across packed and sent away: Now undoubtedly is the time to impose' rules and regulations if we wish to preserve one of our most promising fields of natural wealth from wanton spoliation-not to wait until the harm is done." ' I, think we have every reason for indulging in the most sanguine expectations as to the discovery of further extensive deposits of shell on the Northern Territory coast, and with proper precautions in the way of giritíg'the'l^í-arilocéásional rest and prohibiting the 'raising'' of immature seen the industry might be fostered into permanency instead of becoming : comparatively played out in the course of a few years." . 'Advices received by the country maiden Wednesday contained information respecting a fatal, explosion) which took place at the Woolwonga battery on Monday night last. It appears from information to hand that the man in charge of the engine went to sleep and allowed the water in the boiler to become exhausted with the very natural result that the boiler in time blew up and Scattered death and destruction around. As it fortunately happened at night" time only one Chinaman weedkiller. The boiler was. shattered it to "fragments, some of which were cast two or three hundred yards away, and the battery is said to be an absolute" wreck. aThis crushing pim ¿miiWtopeuy the Mess. Daniels," and it had only been in worse forfc:ïër'x ifybrt periods' It was put undefeated Pertobe order of Chinese cteíolcieA, as! Singh being, we belief is; ttíéWrificIpáf in the matter and it was worked entirely by Chinese. Let us hope that;¿heChinese driver who, ble*w;!i,»p.theaW^wonga boiler was not passed the engineers " who received their education and certificates of competency at the Government railway, workshops.. . . ;;,, In local theatrical circles it is stated that Mrs. J. B.iCarberyhas resigned his connection a with the Dramatic- and Musical Society If this: be, so, it is bad news indeed, because there can be no question about? the abilities of Mr. Garheryi in very essential departments of : amateur, theatricals.; His absence from; the last entertainment was a keen disappointment to very many among the audience. " RAILWAY <' REVENUE For week ended. August 12th 359. . From a Hongkong exchange, in re floods in China's terrible inundation caused by excessive rains and freshets happened early last month at Han Chung tu, Shensi, in which many thousands of men, - women, children and cattle lost their lives. Nov less than three hundred and sixty-five villages are reported Ito..h^>y.er been, destroyed. Thirty wonderful progress which has of late marked Japan is now showing itself in that country's entering the lists as a competitor with Australia in the coal markets of America. It is stated (says the London Mining Journal) that a contract has just been made with an American firm for the supply of 2,500,000 tons of Hokkaido (Japan) coal to San Francisco. Deliveries are to be spread over the next ten years, beginning with 100,000 tons in the first year, and increasing up to 300,000 tons in the last six years. Hitherto the bulk of the San Francisco supplies has been obtained from Australia. It is now argued, however, that the Australian coal has the disadvantage of selling at about nine yen per ton in the San Francisco marked. The supply just contracted for will place Japanese coal in the American market at a very much cheaper rate; It is estimated that the Japanese coal can be laid down the Americans' at an average rate of 7-503ol, supposing the freight to be Idol the duty 120deg, and the original cost 3-60dol. Australia is, therefore, likely to meet with a new competitor in the coal trade. It must not further be forgotten that, as Japan produces on a silver and Australia on a gold basis, every decline, in the exchange, between gold and silver operate as an additional advantage to the, Japan ex- porters. The total output of coal in Japan last year was l',040,000 tons. In supporting the second reading of the Marine Board Amendment' Bill Mr. V. L. Solomon said-" At present there were two lines of steamers trad- ing from China along the eastern coast of Australia to Port Adelaide. Those that came to this colony took away a considerable portion of flour and: other produce to eastern ports, and a large trade with China was done in pig lead from Port Pirie. If, then, these vessels were charged dues at Port Darwin and again light and harbour dues at Port Adelaide and Port Pirie great harm might be done to the trade (Hear, hear.) He hoped that this matter would be duly considered by the Government. Vessels visiting Port Darwin were forced to discharge ' their cargo at the ship jetty, and had to pay jetty dues nearly double as much as they had to pay in all the southern colonies; Tuframln^tegàta tions this matter should be remembered by the Government: (Hear, hear)." A smoke social is advertised to take place on Wednesday evening next. Mr. Black also wishes us to notify that on Saturday (tomorrow) evening there will be a ballot for new members at the usual time and place. One of the riders at the late race meeting (Mr. A. T. Vignoles) has sent along a complaint the burden of which is that in our report of the races we did not distinguish between amateur and professional riders. , Mr. Vignoles takes a good deal of trouble to explain that he is neither a professional or amateur jockey, but merely rides for pleasure and the sport of the thing, We regret, of course, that anyone should feel hurt at the omission of the distinguishing "Mr," from his name in a race report. Mr. Vignoles does not say so straightout, but he broadly hints that he received no remuneration for his very useful services, upon which we might remark that the gentleman is kind and good-natured to a fault, and we herewith make him a very humble apology. Our policy is to regard all riders who take a monetary fee for mounts as on the one equal footing. We must, it seems, the more liberal in the use of the :fVSlr.:''| in future As a matter of fact there is not a registered jockey in the country that we know, and the blackfellow who rides in a hack race is-, (if you wish to be perfectly correct) as. much entitled to the Miseras ^hege^tlfitiHUQi rider-who wins a; treble., "In joystick to Mr.- Vignoles-we repeat that: he is not a professional jockey. a;,-?-,;. ; car:. It is likely that the deciding match between the cricket teams Electrics and Outcasts will be played on the st September, which is the Eight Hours holiday;- That is if the new; material lasts till then. Someone or other has succeeded in stirring up quite an interesting little Ministerial scandal in South Australia, and the Register is clearly determined to make as much capital as possible out of the exposure. A few of the details are presented to the reading public in. our telegrams and while they are suggestive enough the full charge sheet must be a wonderfully enjoyable lesson, to contemplate. Ministries of South Australia have, it is understood, within the, last five years been made for, sums of money of different values to pay for agreeab^Uttlep tiffing for cab-hire late at ^^t,'''.|j4r<treat£itg Ministerial friends to supper, and for steamboat (Unners, test race., and Ac. All this in the face of the very substantial salary which Ministers in each obtain shows very plainly that even a^Minjislter is not above being a very ' sordid Slid shekel-grabbing sort of person.' ' To as" it looks to be nothing better than deliberate plunder of State funds. wishes for cab-hire and; late sittings night " is particularly good Mathey were a bulky lot that night, no doubt, in more ways than one.; What a satire on the vaunted desires of legislators to obtain office for the honour and glory of the thing, when they cannot drive home from the House, or invite a friend to lunch; without asking the poor unfortunate public to pay the bill. With so many changes- of- Ministry as have taken place in South Australia during the last five years it would be very hard to say what individual member has had the: biggest pickings, but the system we. may be sure, was passed from; one Ministry to the other to the accompaniment of that optical con- traction which is commonly- termed winking. -;;.-,..;..--. ;.-, .-.-?; WntrK'4 stayers is a powerful curative for disease, said h very agreeable to the palate Obtain WOLF'S. An Australian named Smart took a very active part in the first fight at the Siamese capital of Bangkok. A few particulars of the engagement are given under another head. Two steamers of the China Navigation line are said to have gone past this port on their way south in consequence of the new Chinese immigration rule. I 