MYSTERY SOLVED. « DETECTIVE STORY. SPEOTSTTM- ! .. CHAPTER I. "Great heavens, boys ! I jusc saw a dead "angel |" "A what?" came the enquiry, in a chorus, from a dozen bronze-faced and muscular young gentlemen, as they crowaeu rounu tno ursi. speaker. . " A dead angel !" "'Where and when?" ' " J tight there, floating past on tho tide;" and the handsome youth pointed over tho quarter-rail of the yacht into the water. ?« 'A beautiful girl, eh ? Why how could you tell,' "old romancer, whether it was the body of n beautiful girl or of some one of maturcr years, who may have tumbled over from some one of the piers ?" Dash Kingston's face was as pale as that of % corpse, as he replied, in an earnest and solemn manner — very uncharacteristic of his usual hilarious carelessness — " £ saw the face distinctly, and, the fact is, 1 Was so enraptured by its startling beauty that, in my bewilderment, I made no effort to rescue the lovely- corpse from the water. "Well, see here," exclaimed one of the l«arty, namod Heinway," Let's lower the boat and capture that dead beauty. We lads, who pride ourselves on our devotion to living Wuties, should not allow a lovely corpse to iloat awav on the swelling tide, a dainty meal for tho ponderous maws of some voracious > " No, no ! let it float away to sea," said Dash V >ii"\\-,ton, as lie drew his shapely hand across his "face. " Let it float away to sea; it is i-nou-'h to be haunted by its memory, without gazing on the cold, beautiful thing again, ' he added. The place where the conversation above re corded occurred was on the deck of a trim little yacht, which rode at anchor off Rose Day, Sydney Harbour ; and the speakers were members of its amateur crew, who had just brought their craft to anchor after a week s cruise up the coast. It was a lovely evening, about an hour be- foro. sunset, when Dash Kingston, one of the party, was leaning over the quarter-rail, and was dreamily looking down into the deep blue water, r"3r which (bulled a (iory S'l'u" iiier of gold '.mm the departing rays of the sun, when suddenly he was startled by seeing an object floating along towards linn on the ebb tide. , One moment later, and it was gliding directly beneath his gaze, when a strange, - sharp pain pierced his heart, as lie rocogniaed that the corpse was that of a beautiful young girl. So bewildered was he, that he stood like one transfixed, while the .startling vision drifted by and disappeared from sight. It was then that, suddenly recalled to him self, he uttered the exclamation with which we open our narrative. . Dash Kingston was a well-made, handsome youth of 'twenty-two. His father had been one of the wealthiest -merchants in the. city, and tho only son of the millionaire. had been educated to expect due of the largest fortunes ever bequeathed to an Australian. lie graduated Jit a foreign school, .inn thou spent two years in travel, and returned homo at the age of twenty-four, to find himself an orphan and penniless. Mining speculations had absorbed the rich merchant's wealth, and-in lieu of an immense landed estate and a heavy banking account, at his death he left his son a number of com paratively worthless scrip and his blessing only. , Dash, however, was not one to murmur and complain. He had his health, a good education, and the heritage of an unstained name, and he fc't capable of fighting. tho battle of lifo suc cessfully. Although comparatively poor, he was none the less - popular with his former companions, and the immbers of invitations to yachting ex cursions and other sporting amusements that he received really seriously interfered with his laudable desire to establish himself in his cho sen profession. There were few men like Dash Kingston, however. , Ho was a natural-born hero. Handsome in person, generous and brave, ami an adept at all manly exercises. A thorough sailor and yachtsman, a power ful oarsman, a skilful boxer and wrestler, a dead sliot with either pistol or rifle, and with all, a whole sonled, manly, dare-devil youth— a good friend, and a brave' and magnanimous enemy. When Hemway, one of his companjons, first suggested the recovery of tiro body, Dash ob jected, as related, but after a moment's thought he exclaimed : " What a coward I have suddenly become — afraid of a dead girl ! No, 110— never ! Lower away the boat there, boys ; who knows but that our own bodies may float listless with the tide some day." ' A word of command from Dash Kingston was sufficient, and a few minutes later a boat was lowered, and Dash and two of his young friends leaped into it , and pulled away v/itli the tide to seek for the beautiful corpse. -Probably half an hour had passed since the first discovery of the floating body, until the three young men were in the boat and pulled way in search of it. " It is a chance if we find it, "said Hemway, who was sitting in the prow on the outlook. "Well, go easy now ; sliy her a little to the left ; I see something ahead." 1 >ash, who was at the oars, did as directed, s while Heinway leaned forward and strained hi eyes in the thickening shadows of twilight upon the object that had attracted his atten tion. ("By Jove, boys, it is a body; but I'll be hanged if I don't believe that it is the body of a man. The river must be strewed with dead people. Steady, now, steady ; a little more to the left," continued Hemway, and lie leaned forward to see the object, which had disap pearcd for a moment in the hollow between the waves. Skilfully Dash guided the boat as he was directed. A moment they were lifted upon the crest of a swell, then swiftly they shot down, and the boat thumped heavily against a floating ob ject. " By thunder !" exclaimed Heinway, in a husky voice, " here it is ; it is a woman's, after all." Dash drew in hi3 oars, and his friend guided the floating body beside the boat. It was no.t quite dark yet, and leaning over, he glanced at the dark object, when he ex claimed : . " It is a female, certain, but it lias a black dress on ; the blue-eyed corpse was clothed in white." " Then this is not the body you saw ?" "No." " This is a go, boys," remarked Tom Hardy, the third youth in the boat. ' " What are we going to do about it ?" asked the practical Heinway; "we cannot cast it adrift." ' TH be shot if we can take it into the boat, 1 said Tom Hardy. " We must find the other one," said Dash Kingston. " Perhaps the two women were in the boat together, and were upset somewhere up the river." " Goodness, see that !" suddenly exclaimed Tom Hardy, as he leaned forward and took a iloser survey of the black-robed corpse, add ing : _ " This has been a murder !" and he pointed toward the dead woman's temple, where a gap ing wound was visible, the whole side of the forehead being shattered as though by a blow from a bludgeon. The three young men looked aghast at the fearful sight in silence for a moment, whei. 'nnway said : " My opinion is that we had better ca3t tlii : i'.joct adrift, and pull back to the yacht." " We can tow it ashore and fasten it to one >f the piiesj where it will be found in the morning; we can do no more," said JJasn Kingston. Twilight hod deepened into night, but the red sunlight had been succeeded by a round, full moon, which shone o'er the city beyond like a great ball of silver, and flashed a silver sheen over the dark waters. Terrible and ghastly did the face of the dead woman appear under the shadowy gleam of the moonlight ; and, as the three young men looked upon tho white but bloated fea tures, each felt a cold chill curdling around his heart. " Fasten the rope around your prize," said Hardy, "and we'll get through with the first ghastly job." Hemway did as directed, and the black- robed figure was towed round to the stern of the boat. The boat was now headed toward Wooloo- mooloo Bay, and Dash Kingston rowed with a solemn regularity, as though at a floating funeral. lu an hour they arrived at the wharf, when Dash said, in a husky whisper : " Fasten it to one of the piles ; quick, Hem way, we are liable to be discovered at any mo ment." Assisted by Tom Hardy, Hemway soon succeeded in fastening the body, attached by the rope, to one of tho piles, when he said : " Now, then, Dash, pull out easily ; all is right." Dash fell to his oars, and had just succeeded in pull iner out from under the pier, when sud denly, from tho dock- over their heads, came the inquiry, in a gruff.voice : " Hold ! who goes there ?" " It's a ' cop,' Dash," said Ilemway " Pull for vour life, now, Bub." CHAPTER II. The tlirea young men in the boat cared less for actual adventure than tftey did for the ghastly work in which they had been engaged, and when Hemway exclaimed, "Let her go- it's a 'cop,'" Dash laid to on his oars, and the boat shot rut from under the pier like a raoe boat. " Lay to !" said the same gruff voice f rom the dock. "Go hang yourself !" called back Tom Hardy, who was a reckless, dare-devil sort of a chap. The answer to this polite invitation was a pistol-shot. " By thunder ! the wretch take us for river thieves," exclaimed Hemway, as he dodged a ball that whizzed over his head. Bang ! bang ! came several other shots in quick succession, but Dash Kingston's strong rowing had carried them beyond pistol-shot range. " Am I heading for the yacht, boys ?" asked Dash. "Yes, all right, my hearty. Don't I see her light dipping toward the river as though it would bury itself in a mist of silver spray ?" said Ilemway. " Are you going to give 'up your search for the blue- yod dead angel ?" asked Tom. " I shall not continue my search just at pre sent." And without another word Dash Kingston pulled straight toward the yacht; Susie. Once alongside, his two companions leaped aboard, while he remained in the boat. " Are you not coming aboard, Dash ?" asked Hemway. " Not at present. Send Yanko to mo." " All right," was the answer, and in a few moments a black face protruded over the side of the yacht, and its col mi red owner asked : "You want me, Missa Kingston?" "Yes, Yanko; I am going ashore, and I want you to come along with ine to bring the boat back." "All right, sah," replied the black, and he leaped over the quarter-rail of the yacht iufco the boat. At this moment Tom Hardy came to the rail and called out : "Where are you off to, Dash?" " Ashore," was the reply, and the boat glided away from tho side of the yacht. " I'll be hanged if I don't think that Dash Kingston lias lost his senses ; lie is going off on a night excursion all alone to fish for that blue- eyed beauty that he imagines he saw floating by here a spell ago," muttered Tom, as he turned away and joined one or two of the crew seated by the cabin door. In the meantime Dash Kingston had rowed silently towards the Manly shore, and running up under one of the piers, lie said to the black Yanko : " I am going to get out here, and you can take the boat back." " When me pull away take you back, Missa Kingston ?" " You need not come at all ; go ahead now ; I am all right," answered Dash, as he jumped up upon tho wharf. . Twenty minutes from the departure of the- boat, Dash Kingston glided out into the stream in a cat-rigged sailing-boat, and drifted away with the tide. There was a stiff breeze blowing directly towards the other shore, and Dash, thinking the object of which ho was in search had drifted there, headed his boat in that dilu tion. All the way across the harbour- he kept his eyes constantly on the alert, scanning every floating object that he passed with tho closest scrutiny, but no sign of the white-robed figure rewarded him. Just outside the shore-swell ho steered his boat so as to sail as near the beach as possible, and so commenced to make a complete circuit of the shore. He had not proceeded very far ere lie be held a dark object moving slowly along the beach. Wondering what the man he had seen was lip to, Dash turned his boat out from the slioro, so as not to attract the attention of the wan derer on the beach, while he himself could see the man's movements. Presently Dash saw the man on the beach come to a halt, and strain his eyes out upon the water. Dash had brought his boat to, and was lean ing over tho gunwale, when he saw the strangely-acting inan wade into the' water, and tho next moment seize an object floating on tho crest" of a wave. Rising to his feet suddenly, Dash leaned forward, and soon beheld a sight that caused him to exclaim : " By Jove, he has found it ?" and he imme diately headed toward the promontory jutting out from the shore. CHAPTER IH. The youth felt greatly excited. Kis eyet beamed with a queer light, and a pallor over spread his handsome features as he ran for the shoro. " That fellow is a bird of prey," muttered Dash, as he moved stealthily along, dodging from rock to rock. By the time the youth arrived in sight of the man and his prey the latter had succeeded in hauling tho body ashore, and his movements at once betrayed that Kingston's suspicions were correct, as the latter was able to see, by .the aid of the moonlight, that at that very moment the fellow waft trying to pull a ring from the finger of the corpse. Keeping out of view, he observed the man's movements for a moment, while making up his mind how to proceed. It was a marvelously clear night ; the light of the moon made objects almost as plainly visible as at noonday. Kingston was still undecided as to what ex cuse he should offer for disturbing t the man, when he saw the latter draw a clasp-knife from his pocket and make a movement as though about to sever one of the dead girl's fingers. The youth could not stand this, and leaping forth, he shouted : " Hold on, you wretch ; what are you doing there ?" " And who nifty you be ?" asked the man, in a gruff voice, turning round and standing revealed in the moonlight, with the dead girl's hand clasped in one hand and the glittering knife in the other. "I am one who will nst stand by and permit you to mutilate the dead.1' "You be, eh? Well, see here, my young counter flipper, if yon don't about march and go about your business, I'll smother you in the water there." The young man glanced about in every direc tion, and his eye fell upon a piece of a broken '.«ar lying upon the beach. _ A moment later Dash had secured.it. It proved to be the round, heavy end, and the youth was delighted that he had secured such an excellent cudgel. Seizing the cudgel firmly, he moved toward the ruffian with the remark, in a threatening tone: "My friend, you will have to move away." The man dropped the dead hand, and growl ing more like a dog than a human b ang, as he drew from his pocket a pistol, and aiming it at Dash, exclaimed in a fierce voice, and with many oaths : " Look here, Mister ! IVe just got a little toy herb that's worth a million of sticks like that ; and if you don't want a hole in your skin you'll moosey, and not make any bones about it, either." Dash did not halt as commanded, but boldly advanced toward the villain, determined to bring matters to a decided issue at once. The man levelled his pistol, and shouted : " Stand back, or by I'll shoot !" Still, without flinching. Dash advanced. There came a click, but no report. At the moment that the man pulled the trigger of his pistol Dash swung the bludgeon in the air. As the Irishman says, " sliillelah never misses fire," and the piece of oar sped through tho air and descended upon the wrist and hand of the murderous body robber, knocked the pistol from his grasp, and compelled him to yell with pain. Still the man was not overcome. Springing back, he drew a murderous-look ing knife, and then attempted to close in upon his gallant young antagonist. The latter, however, was too much for liiin, and quite a lively skirmish followed. . Both men dodged and parried upon the beach in the presence of the dead body of tho young girl. Kingston's kindness prevented him from using his formidable weapon, as he eould have done. His object was to knock the knife from the man's hand as he had done the pistolj and then drive him off. He failed to succeed, and the stubbornness of the man invited his own doom. " Will yon make off?" asked Dash. " And leave the diamonds and jewels to you, pard ? No, no, replied the man, from between his clenched teeth. "Then your fate be on your own head," ex claimed Dash. "Go keerful, young man; this is murder, yer know." " Will you make off ?" "No !" yelled tho. man, and with a fearful oath he made a spring at Dash. "The latter was prepared. His patience was also exhausted, and down came liD cudgel, when the foiled lobber sunk upon the wet sand. CHAPTER IV. A wiercrand ghost-like scene was presented upon that lonely beach under the bright moon light as Dash dropped upon his knees on the wet sand, and leaned over tho pale, stark face of the dead girl. Even while he knelt beside her it seemed as though those exquisitely-fonned lips would part, and from the pearly teeth would come a sweet voice, asking, " Where am I?" Instinctively he brushed the damp hair aside, and laid his hand upon the fair fore head. It was cold — icy cold, and a chill ran through his frame as though he had laid his warm hand upon a statue carved out of ice. With a heavy sigh, he arose- to his feet and stepped over and glanced at the rulfian he had stricken to the earth. Kneeling, he placed his hand over the man's heart. He lived ; and, with the muttered remark : "It is hard to kill such scoundrels," Dash re turned and contemplated the white figure of the murdered girl. While he gazed his eye fell upon an object that glittered like a spark of fire. A closer inspection proved that it was a brilliant jewel that glistened upon the girl's finger. Tie stooped, as though about to remove it, when a nervous repulsion caused him to start back and exclaim : " No ; I cannot rob the dead !" Then his eyes fell upon two other jewels that sparkled in the girl's ears. "What shall I do? If I" leave those jewels glittering upon that girl's person and go for assistance, Feme other vandal like yon scamp may come along and possess himself of thein," he muttered. After reflecting a moment, he added : "I will remove them and hold them for the friends of the dead girl." Dash was more successful than tho robber had been, and -had but little difficulty in re moving the jewels. He had but just possessed himself of them when he heard voices, and upon raising his eyes he saw the glimmer of a light approaching to ward him along the beach. " " Great heavens ! If I am found with those jewels on mo I will be looked upon as a robber of the dead ;" he suddenly exclaimed. Instinctively he turned, as though to run away. " I mean no harm, but I must protect my self," lie muttered, and with a cat-like step he moved away. After proceeding a short distance he ascended the bank that lined the beach, and moving stealthily along, retraced his stops to a point opposite to where the body lav. lie had but just time to conceal himself when a party of four men, carrying a lantern with them, reached the spot where the white figure lay. The men had but just discovered the body, and a scene of excitement followed. From his hiding place Dash could hear every word that was spoken, and, while listening, ho had a premonition of the terrible mistake he had made. "There has been foul murder here, "said one of the men, as he held his lantern down over the face of the dead girl. "It has been a double murder," cried an other of the men, as his eye fell upon the form of tho man. "No, by thunder! This fellow lives," he added, after a moment, as he felt tho wounded man's pulse. - "Yes; I live," came the response in feeble tones. " What has happened ?" asked the men in chorus, as they gathered round. "Give me a drink first; I am dying of thirst." One of the newcomers had a flask with him, and put it to the man's lips. The latter drank, and seemed greatly re vived, when lie said : " A terrible crime, has just been committed before my eyes." " Tell ns about it, quick ! Tnere may yet bo a chance to capture the- assassin." Tho fellow pretended to be very much over- .omfc by tne terrible scene he had witnessed, and also to feel bad from the effects of the blow he had received ; but taking another good pull from the flask, he said : " I was walking along the beach, when I saw a struggle going on in a boat a little off tho shore between a man and a woman. The man finally seized an oar and struck the girl a blow on the back of the head, and she fell overboard, when the man sailed away." " And this is the girl that was murdered ?" " Yes ; I recovered the body after an hour's labour, and had just succeeded in hauling it ashore, when the assassin returned. Ho as saulted me, and- a struggle followed, but with the same oar with which he crushed in the skull of the girl he laid mo out, then robbed the body of the girl of several valuable jewels, and escaped." . r .. Dash heard the whole story, and would have rushed down and denied it ; but, alas ! circum stances were against him. The girl's head had been crushed by a blud geon, and he really had the jewel's on his per son, although for no unlawful purpose. One of the men was left with the body, while the others started to notify the authorities, so that an immediate search might be instituted for the snppo-ed assassin. , The man had furnished an accurate descriy- ; tion of Da-di Kiivr-fmu mid. as the latter stofc. "? away, he fully ::-a'i-t.- 1 his pv.il : cii-cr-nstances ' — hital circiuu-tances, '-vi-ro against imn,andhc ha, Yneonsci.uinly assisted in gathering them about him. He succeeded in - reaching tho city, without hoing discovered, and upon the following morn ing read in the papers the usual sensational and exaggerated account of a diabolical murder, in- . eluding an accurate description of the clothing worn by the assassin, and a garbled description of his person. The matter had gone so far that Dash dared not now disclose himself and relate the true facts ; and in hopes that the matter would blow over in a few days, ho shaved off his whiskers, and moustache, and in other ways altered his appearance, and making excuses to his friends, went to Melbourne. Upon the very evening of his arrival he was passing the door of the laides' parlour in the hotel, when he beheld a sight that caused his heart to stand still, and the blood to freeze in' his veins. There, standing m the centre of the parlour, was a lady ; and beyond any question of doubt marvellous as it seemed, that lady that his eyes rested upon was the living, breathing girl the dead body of whom he believed he had left \- upon the Rose Bay shoreunder the moonlight some houra before. At first ho thought it might be only a fancied resemblance. Recovering' his self-possession, .he stepped into the room. There was not the least possibility of a mis take : the ro were tho same features, the same lovoly bluo eyes, the same golden tressos, the exquisite mouth— all, all tho same, "Gh. iiMavons ! am I mad, or have T been dreaming some horrible dream?" murmurc« Dash, 3S he staggered from the room. But the idea of a dream was quickly dis« pellcd. . . ; His hand pressed the jewels m his pocket, and the blue eyes were turned toward him in | wondering amazement L Hli Uu.NXi.NuuiJ. j 