THE MIDNIGHT MARRIAGE. [Adapted From the German by Helen Macintyre.] Zealand is attached on its north-western side by a narrow, barren, sandy neck of land to a fertile peninsula, upon which stand several small and scattered villages. These, unitedly, form a single parish. Beyond the furthermost the country extends over a wild, desolate region of ever-shifting sandhills, to the stormy Cattegat. In this dreary region there was formerly a village called Rörwig, which stood back about a mile from the sea ; but the quick- sands undermined the village, and the fisher- men reconstructed their cottages further from the shore. The church, which was erected npon a rocky eminence, now stands, mournful and solitary, surrounded by the ceaselessly moving desert. One night in the early half of the last century the aged pastor of Rörwig sat in his dull, lonely chamber, wrapped in profound meditation. It was nearly midnight. The house was situated at the end of the village, and the door, in common with every other in the place—for the honest fishermen knew nothing of either bolts or bars—was only secured by a simple latch. The lamp burned feebly, and the solemn silence was only broken by the hollow roar of the waves upon the shore. Suddenly the old man heard the door open, and the sound of footsteps upon the stairs. This caused him no concern, for he supposed that it would prove to be a summons to the death-bed of some neighbor who needed spiritual consolation. But the good pastor was mistaken. As he looked up, two strangers, wrapped in light-colored cloaks, entered the room. The old man stared silently and affrightedly at the strange figures, which seemed, to his excited imagination, to have something ghost-like in their appearance. One of the two, advancing, said : " Sir, we require you to accompany us in- stantly to celebrate a marriage in yonder church, where the bridal pair are impatiently awaiting you. This "—laying a well-filled purse upon the table—" will recompense you for your trouble at so awkward an hour." When the old Lutheran pastor had collected his thoughts sufficiently to reply, he began to remonstrate, and pointed out to the strangers that his sacred office did not permit him to perform the solemn rite of matrimony with- out previous knowledge of the intentions of the parties concerned and those preliminary formalities which the law required. " That may possibly be," the second stranger imperatively interposed, " but you have your choice. Do as we command, and receive your reward, or refuse and"—— He tapped the butt-end of a pistol with his hand. " You give me no choice,'' replied the clergyman, pale with terror ; and, rising, he threw on his cloak and hat, and exclaimed : " I am ready to follow you, but I protest against this indecency and outrage." The two strangers had spoken in Danish, but in a manner which indicated that they were foreigners. Starting, they walked on quickly through the midnight stillness of the village, followed by the minister. It was a dark, moonless autumn night. When they arrived within sight of the church the clergyman saw that it was lighted up. He would have spoken, but his guides, folded in their white cloaks, walked swiftly and silently forward, and he wearily and thoughtfully followed them. When the trio reached the church a bandage was fastened over the old man's eyes. As he listened he heard the side door open gratingly upon its hinges ; then he felt himself thrust in by force among a great concourse of people. Then he heard a murmur run through the building, and, close to him, a language spoken which he did not understand, but which he supposed to be Russian. As he stood helpless, with his eyes bandaged, pressed on all sides by people, a hand grasped his wrist, and drew him for- ward through the crowd. Presently the people appeared to with- draw, and when the cloth was removed from his eyes, he found himself standing before the altar, with one of the two strangers close beside him. A row of huge tapers, burning in magnificent silver candlesticks, adorned the altar, while the whole building was so brightly illuminated that the minutest and most distant objects were plainly discernible. A few minutes earlier the murmurs of an un- seen, crowd dismayed him ; now the silence filled his mind with a nameless dread. The side aisles were occupied with men, but the centre aisle was empty, and in it he saw a newly-opened vault, the stone which had covered it being propped up against a chair. Although only men were near, yet in the distance he fancied he could perceive the figure of a female seated in a chair. At length a man, whose dress, which be- spoke lofty rank, distinguished him from all others, arose. As he advanced up the empty aisle his footsteps rang through the edifice. The man was of the middle height, broad shouldered, and firmly built. He walked with the air of one who was accustomed to com- mand. His visage was dark, his hair coally black, the features strongly marked ; his nose, of a bold aquiline cut, added to the im- periousness of his expression ; his lips were closely compressed, as if with anger, white black, bushy brows overshadowed the small beady eyes, which literally blazed with rage. He wore a dark green uniform, with gold buttons, and a single star glittered upon his breast. Then a lady advanced and knelt beside him. In stature she was tall ; her step was firm and dignified, yet graceful, while her hand and arm defied the skill of the sculp- tor's mallet and chisel to imitate ; her head was small and shapely, well set upon a neck of surpassing loveliness ; her eyes, so far as could be seen, were darkly, deeply, beauti- fully blue, and the long, dark silken lashes that shadowed them gave a softness to her cheek an artists pencil might vainly strive to reproduce ; her nose was rather of the Grecian style, and her month and teeth de- fied the poet's imagination to portray ; while her broad, intellectual-looking brow gave a dignity to her features that conveyed to the recluse pastor an idea of the majestic. She was splendidly attired with great care. A sky-blue robe, richly embroidered with silver, enveloped her, falling in heavy folds about her perfectly-formed limbs. Yet, with all this youthful loveliness and magnificence, she resembled a visitant from the shades. Her corpse-like cheeks seemed petrified, not a feature moved, and the powerless arms hung helplessly down on either side of the limp, drooping body. Thus she knelt, an image of death, and an overpowering horror seemed to have bound both life and consciousness in a profound cataleptic stupor. As the pastor of Rörwig gazed upon this sad sight, he perceived for the first time an ugly, vicious-looking, old hag, grotesquely attired in whimsical, gorgeously-hued dress, whose grey, elf-like looks were partially concealed by a portentous red turban, and who, with bleared eyes, stared grimly, yet mockingly, over the head of the kneeling bride. Immediately behind the bridegroom stood a man of gigantic stature, who looked into vacancy with a grave and fixed look upon his dark, saturnine face. The aged minister stood speechless, as if fascinated, until a fierce and wild look from the bridegroom admonished him to commence the ceremony. His perplexity was increased by a doubt which he entertained whether the bridal couple would understand his language. He, however, forced himself to inquire their names. The bridegroom sternly answered, " Neander and Feodora." The old man, without further delay, which he felt would be useless, then began to read the marriage service : but his voice faltered, and he lost his place more than once, so that he was obliged to repeat the words. As neither of the two contracting parties ap- peared to notice his confusion, his conjecture that they were, at best, only imperfectly acquainted with the Danish tongue became the more confirmed. So when he proceeded to ask, " Wilt thou, Neander, take to thee as thy lawful- wedded wife Feodora, who now kneels beside thee ?" he wondered whether the bridegroom would understand the question sufficiently to reply ; but, to his surprise, he replied, " I will," in a harsh, discordant voice, which rang and echoed through the church. At the same moment, deep sighs proceeded from the assembled crowd, while a shudder of aversion and terror agitated the ashen features of the bride. The clergyman then asked, loudly and clearly, as if he designed thereby to arouse the lady from her stupor : " Dost thou, Feodora, acknowledge as thy lawful-wedded husband Neander, who now kneels beside thee ?" adding, " If so, reply by an audible ' Yes' " The almost dying woman, being thus urged, seemed to arouse herself, a look of unutterable woe gathered in her now relaxed features. The pale lips moved as if she were about to speak, a momentary fire kindled in her eye ; but the word of assent sounded like a wail of anguish from the expiring, as it found a deep echo in the involuntary groan of sympathy which burst simultaneously from the throng of beholders. The bride had scarcely spoken the irre- vocable words, when she fell back fainting into the outstretched arms of the old woman. In a few minutes she revived, and the cere- mony was concluded, after which the bride- groom led her back to her former place, the old hag and the giant following. Immediately afterwards the two men who had forced the pastor to become a participant in this unhallowed rite again appeared, bound his eyes, conducted him, not without difficulty, through the throng, and having put him outside the door, left him to him- self. He stood alone, wondering whether it were not all a dream ; then he heard the door bolted on the inner side, and, tearing off the bandage, he saw the lighted church, and, listening, heard the movements of the crowd within. In order to ascertain as much as was pos- sible of the after occurrences, the old man concealed himself behind one of the buttresses of the building on the side opposite to which he had entered, and as he listened was horri- fied to hear the tumult within momentarily increase in violence. The clash of arms announced that a conflict was taking place. Then the stern voice of the wild and sa- vage bridegroom imperiously commanded silence. A pause followed. Suddenly a shot was fired. He heard a female's piercing cry of agony. Again there was a period of absolute quiet, then a sound as of workmen laboring with masons' tools, which continued for a full quarter of an hour. At the close of this the tumult was re- sumed, the lights were extinguished, and the whole irruptive mass of strangers emerged hurriedly from the church, and hastened down to the sea, where they were lost to view. The clergyman, left to himself, shook off the benumbing torpor which had taken pos- session of him, and made his way back to Rörwig. Immediately upon his arrival he aroused his neighbors, and informed them of the startling events that had transpired. But everything around was so quiet and undisturbed that they feared that their esteemed minister had become deranged ; and it was only with difficulty, and then largely to indulge his unaccountable whim, that they could be induced to take spades and crowbars and accompany back to the church. Day dawned as the simple fishermen as- cended the hill upon which the church stood, and to their astonishment they per- ceived a large ship of war proceeding under easy sail at a considerable distance from the shore, bearing away towards the north. This sight, so surprising in those unfre- quented seas, disposed them to give more at- tention to their pastor's startling report, a disposition which was increased when, upon reaching the sacred edifice, the side door was found to have been forcibly entered. Full conviction awaited them within. They were shown the vault, which had been seen uncovered only a few hours before. It was easy to see that the stone had been raised, and newly placed in position again. The startled villagers immediately raised the stone by means of their crowbars, and gazed downward into the gloomy recesses of the vault. They started backward with a cry of terror. The clergyman's report was amply con- firmed by what they saw. Directly underneath their eyes was a new and handsomely-decorated coffin. The old man, eager to see the denouement of his awful experience, descended into the chamber of death with almost youthful im- patience. Others followed him without delay. The lid of the coffin was raised. Their suspicions were verified. The solemn ceremony of matrimony had been immediately succeeded by the heinous crime of murder. Murder ! It is an awful word, and has a gruesome sound. It is the product of the worst passions of the human heart. It is always terrible, but never so much so as when it follows closely upon the heels of the pledge of affection. Sacrilege and profanation of the most startling character had evidently been com- mitted. In that coffin, resplendent with gold and the choicest specimens of the upholsterer's art, lay the body of the murdered Feodora. The body was still attired in costly rai- ment, the silken robes clung around the stiffened limbs, only the magnificent tiara was gone from the shapely head. Whether by accident or design, the ill- fated bride had been shot through the heart. As is so common in death, a great change had takes place in her appearance. The ex- pression of poignant grief had vanished, a heavenly peace had hallowed and glorified the beautiful face, and she lay like an angel among the coffined dead. The clergyman, as was his duty, imme- diately acquainted his superior, the Bishop of Zealand, with all the circumstances, and, pending an answer to his report, adminis- tered an oath of secrecy to his flock. The vault had been closed again, and things proceeded among the people as if the mysterious marriage and equally incompre- hensible murder had never occurred. Shortly afterwards an investigator arrived from the capital, and made strict and close inquiry into the whole matter. He saw the grave, commended the discretion that had been shown, and threatened that any dis- closure of the singular event would merit and receive condign punishment. Years passed, and the affair was forgotten ; but upon the aged pastor's death it was dis- covered that he had entered a succinct narra- tive of his midnight adventure in the register belonging to the church. The mystery connected with this singular invasion and violation of the sanctuary at Röwig has never been explained ; but there were those who inclined to the opinion that it had in some way a mysterious connection with the sudden and violent changes of dynasty which took place after the deaths of Peter I. and Catherine of Russia, when, for a time, the holy Muscovitish empire was rudely shaken to its centre.— " Weekly Budget." Scientists are of the opinion that Avery's Island, situated in the delta of the Mississippi, is composed below the top soil entirely of salt. The salt occurs in more or less transparent masses, and is quarried for export. Afghanistan has 6,000,000 of popula- tion and no missionary. India one mis- sionary to 275,000, Persia one to 300,000, Thibet one to 2,000,000. If 40,000 mis- sionaries were sent to India, there would will be only one to every 50,000. The tea-plant was known in England so early as 1650, and in 1660 it began to be used as a rare luxury in the London coffee-houses. It was nearly a hundred years before the exports were very large or its use became extensive in England and in the English-American colonies. In 1770 the cultivation of the tea-plant was undertaken in Georgia, and from time to time the attempt has been re- newed. 