THE STORYTELLER. OUR GHOST FRIGHT. By Ehllce. We were sitting round a blazing fire one winter's evening in the country, while the rain poured down in torrents. There were five of us. Jack and Bob, my brothers ; Edie and Mick Morgan, friends who were visiting us ; and me. Matilda Orwell I believe is my established name, but among my colleagues I and intimates I am known as " Mattj except by father, who always pronounces my name with great gusto "Ma- til-da," and much accent on the second syllable, as if to show his disapproval of nicknames. Jack and Mick had been telling ghost stories so thrilling thnt our feelings were worked up to an excitable pitch, and we almost felt the phantoms in our presence. We girls were beginning to furtively move our chairs closer to our companions, and giving uneasy looks over our shoulders, according to the custom of girls. " Why, I declare Matt's afraid," burst forth ] Bob. "No, that I'm not," I reply, in my most j valiant tone. I was not going to admit that | 1 felt at all creepy. Father is in his own special armchair, apparently engrossed in the Parliamentary news. Now it is a strange thing about father. To look at him one would think.him .so interested in his reading that not a .word of the babble around him was heard, and yet I believe not a syllable escapes liis observa tion, and besides he has a most uncomfort able manner of suddenly breaking into our chatter; to confirm or correct some state men^ which he was not supposed to hear. This particular evening at Bob's remark he looks up, and says, "Now, John, 1 think you have told enough nonsense. Try and talk al>out something- ..that will improve your /We telegraph <uie.t<) another. How often <wiljj;:pfipa make that' statement? We are I becoming, bjUjd?oedj tot toe words. Gentle her «t4tialUprefrrn^j knitting, and every tic smile flickers peal of laughter Not having any h verse about, or rather, not feeling inclined to introduce a sensible | topic (and if we did where would be the use? Bob and Mick would be sure to Bay some thing irrelevant that would scatter our sober talk to the winds), we fall to making pictures in the glowing coals. Jack is in the midst of a graphic description of his fancy picture, an old woman toasting bread at a candle, and we are all eagerly exclaiming, " Where? " I can't see it," "Show us, Jack," when—hark! what is that? A low roaring noise, ending in a not untunefal, yet very remarkable, yell. It was not like any sound we had ever heard before or imagined. We all looked at each other. Ere anyone had spoken, it came again. No man or animal had ever begun with a basso groan and ended with a soprano yell of that kind before. No oue could do it, The second outburst gives na the opportunity to note the sound carefully, and we don't like it. I feel my face blanching, and I am dread fully afraid of my fear being remarked by Bob, i wbosays " ghost" in sepulchral tones. That is the worst of Bob ; he never will be sympa thetic, Father rustles his paper uneasily, mother pauses in her knitting,* we listen in tently, and again the night otters that awful sound. "You boys bad better have a look round, and see what the cause is," said papa. They rise to go, and reach. toe door; then iiisclnevously, " Won't yon come Jack says miscl too, sir?" It is plainly to be seen that our worthy parent ii nervous, not to mention scared. After a little demur, he rises, and; they all sally forth, papa armed with the poker. Nothing can toey discover^ for the sound ceases when they go forth with the lantern. So toey return, and many speculatiohs tohk place as to the causes Bob pelting |hst i.| is " » ghost." "Tut* tat," fatoer. breaks forth ; ^'!et's have no %ore nphstose, able to Sllep Again toe sonnd^mks out* stopping the master , of toe tirato.nr the midst or his speech,;■,.vIVie.JpokiJtttiaonfi another; 'then toeboysletgotoeddga."^ *pd vflrioai%p*«towB of encouragement are us^. lendinplp plr ofknimalsnafkln^bbd yelpif elafc The searoh:pft>ves fruit came in. Wi not daring to mote is heatd we bedrooms.Edie cbitohey, so after! tobed,* no noa| supp selves, premises,! V The i conversat , of similar pipDrrencM, «„«, believe that We have diBoova _ and feel quite pleased with ppthelvea. Evening draws on.aud Edie and I go g.vrrs.l v.-i\>f round the house with the housemaid,secured fastening alt doors and windows, and ru» paring weapons of defence, in anticipation «f a second visit. 1 We ioke upon " the ghost," endeavouring to hide our natural fears. Father we oh serve, has loaded his gun. He soys' he in" tends to do a little duck- shooting to-morrow" \\\ e say nothing; hut long after does thin retrain our greatest stock joke. A cold froste night came on. We passed the evening in various indoor games—father, as usual deen in Ins paper—each one on the qui vive for the ghost s wail. However, not a sound came so, at eleven o clock, a general move was made, with many jokes upon the spectre Bob was facetiously proposing, "Health to the Ghost, when lol a deep drawn-out groan, ending in a long whistling note, set us all trembling. \> e gaze at one another onen! mouthed. What can it be? " We must certainly find out what this disturbance is caused by. Come, boys " says papa. ' ' " Let us go too," Edie and I both exclaim feeling it better to be in the fray than Bitting inside in suspense. * " No, certainly not; stay here," pana soys. "Girls only get in the way," Mick remarks. We nre both determined to go, so we arm ourselves and prepare to follow. The maids have left their quarters, and we find them at the drawingroom door with scared faces so we leave them with mother, who is sliglitly deal, and therefore has not been greatly dis turbed. Father takes the lead with a pitch fork and lantern. Edie and I keep close to the boys, wiio carry various implements. As we near the stable, the sound bursts forth. Iwisb myself in the drawingroom. My bravery is fleeing fust, but I u m afraid to go in alone, and will not for worlds ask to be taken back.' We pause and listen for ten minutes—no sound. ~ All is still save the munching of the stable fed horses; Hob and Mick enter and examine all steeds and mangers. The horses calmly lilt their heads and stare, wondering, no doubt, what this visit por tends. Evidently the ghost does not affect their nerves or appetites. At one end of the stable, between it and a large gum-tree, there is a quantity ot sawn timber stacked. So we turn the corner ; the air is bitterly cold, and 1 am longing for tlie warmth of the fire.. Father is talking away, and. declaring,he thinks that the hoys are playing some practical joke, when just a few yards in front of us bursts forth a most awful groan, and there looms up a huge white and black mass. Father in his excitement—not to mention fright—drives at it with the pitchfork. Are the fiends from Hades let loose? For one awful moment I truly thought it was so. With a hideous yell, most unearthly to hear, our foe leaps up. Terror lends wings to our feet. We are off, each one for himself. Edie and Ifind ourselves in the pig-sty ; how we got there I do not know. The 'boys I learnt afterwards leapt over the stable * door, and father, what became of him ? you ask. We never knew the rights of the tale, but among ourselves we conjecture that lie hid in an iron tank, three-parts full of water. When the field was clear he appeared among us in draggled, soaking clothes. We dared not say a word, wroth and chagrin gleamed too forcibly from his countenance ; anil besides, our night adventure had somewhat cooled our spirits. Our ghost proved to be none other than the newly-imported Ayrshire bull which father had bought a week previously. Wjth Edie's^ cloak on his horns he broke out of tne yard," and away through the paddocks- lor miles, the wound given him with the pitchfork < spurring him onwards. * And now to explain the mysterious sounds. The bull had chosen as his night quarters the shelter behind the timber, and, against it stood a rack of empty bottles with their . open necks all directed one way. The bull lay with his nose facing the bottles, which acted like a set of organ-pipes, magnifying the sound and giving it the unearthly tone which lind so affrighted us. We proved it for ourselves afterwards. But bulls and sounds are a forbidden sub ject when father is present. Thejmll still lives, but lie lias only one eye ; the other was poked out with the prong of that fork. 