THE MYSTERY OF THE TOWER. A TALE OF THRILLING INTEREST, BY HELEN CORWIN PIERCE. CHAPTER XXV. AN INFAMOUS DEED. Captain Dunning went all the way to Columbus to try and find Kenrick Prince, the writer of the letter that had been found in the cell of Rick Halsey, after his escape from prison. He hoped to get from Mr Prince some information regarding his missing priso- ner. He was most anxious to secure Halsey, both because it was his duty, and still more, because he worshipped his beautiful young daughter, his only child, and wished to save her, in spite of herself, from her in- fatuation for a villain and criminal, whose brutal behaviour towards her was deserving of the lash. Captain Dunning was by nature one of the gentlest, kindest, and most generous of men. But he hated the wretch, Rick Hal- sey, with all the bitterness he could feel, with a vindictiveness that could not be re- pressed. He would willingly have given every- thing he possessed to have had Halsey in his power. Of course his trip to Columbus was of no avail, and he returned to the penitentiary disheartened, to attend to matters requir- ing attention. Then he intended to pay another visit to Ruellon Hall, and make a fresh effort to see Kenrick Prince. Meanwhile the country was being well searched for Halsey. Large rewards were offered for his apprehension, and officers were looking in every direction for the criminal. As the reader has doubtless surmised, Kenrick Prince was not dead, but merely suffering under the deep and baleful in- fluence of the powerful drug Dr Varle had given him. On the night following his seeming de- cease, Doctor Varle, at the dead of night, removed him, still unconscious, from the Hall. He had solemnly promised Belle to take his unfortunate charge to some secure spot where he would be faithfully and carefully looked after, receiving every comfort and luxury save liberty, and he had received from her the large sum of five thousand dollars as payment for acting according to instructions. There was a reward offered for Rick Halsey, five hundred dollars by the govern- ment, and a thousand dollars by Captain Dunning. An infamous thought came to Dr Varle and he resolved to act upon it. He waited in safe quarters with his vic- tim until Captain Dunning returned to his duties, and then he called upon him on the business. Captain Dunning did not receive him very cordially. He knew the dootor's re- putation too well. But at mention of Halsey he became in- terested. "If I could put you positively on Halsey's track--if I am the means of putting him in your possession again, what will you give me? A paltry thousand or fifteen hundred dollars is no temptation to me. What will you give me?" "I will double the reward I have already offered." Varle shook his head. "That won't do. I shall have to get out of the country as fast as I can go. My life will not be safe after I have betrayed him to you. I must have five thousand." Captain Dunning hesitated--not because of the money, but he mistrusted the pale doctor. "If I could be sure--" he began. "I will make you sure--satisfied, before I ask you for a cent of the money," Varle promptly replied. Dunning eyed him doubtingly and with keenness. "Very well," he said slowly, "do it." "When will you have the money ready for me?" "I will give you a cheque at any time you please." "That won't do. I must have green- backs." "I can get them at a few hours' notice." "Will you have them ready tomorrow evening?" Captain Dunning agreed. "Now then," said Varle, "I know you are a man of honor. You will deal with me on the square, and not attempt any underhand means of learning my secret or securing my man?" "You know I will not," Dunning said, flushing. "I will tell you how I am able to bring Halsey to you. He came to me, a very sick man, soon after his escape. He had been hurt in some sort of a railroad smash, and fever set in. He has been delirious part of the time, and he is queer yet. I shall put him under the influence of a nar- cotic to bring him here. He must go into the hospital at first." Dunning listened in breathless excite- ment, white to the lips. "Was he alone?" "Yes, when he came to me." "Did he say anything about his wife? Was she with him when he was hurt? Perhaps she was killed." "I don't think so. He talked about her in his delirium. I guess he was running away from her when the smash caught him." "Served him right. Pity he didn't die," Captain Dunning muttered, bitterly. "He is pretty near it, I tell you."' And so Captain Dunning thought when Dr Varle brought up the pretended Rick Halsey on the following evening. He had been prepared for a change, but not for beholding anything so pitiful as this wasted object, which had to be brought inside the prison walls of the prison on a bed, and who looked at him out of dull and unrecognising eyes, with a sadly pathetic glance. Varle had not given him a narcotic after all. He found that his unhappy prisoner was already too passive, with suffering, hope- lessness and despair, to cause him any new trouble. Captain Dunning was so agitated over the affair that he could scarcely contain himself. Not a doubt had he that this wasted and pitiful wreck of a handsome man was the villain who deserved prison bars, and whom he so hated--the resemblance was so won- derful. He was shocked at the change, the awful change made by terrible illness and suffer- ing--the eyes especially held such depths of gloom and woe. "He looks as though he had been through something very dreadful," he said to Varle. "I never saw a man so altered." The doctor's colorless lips twitched a little. "Yes, he has been pretty bad," he said. "He would have died had it not been for me." Still, though the captain had been up to the last moment suspicious of some cheat, he was satisfied the moment he saw the man. He bent eagerly over him. "Where is my daughter, Halsey?" he asked. "Where did you leave her?" Kenrick Prince stared at him. If Captain Dunning had only been able to read the terrible tragedy written in those dark, unhappy eyes. "My name is not Halsey," the sick man said, wearily. "I don't know what you mean. What place is this, please?" Dunning looked at the false and wicked doctor. "How changed he is! Even his voice is altered. And his eyes are strangely different. "I told you he was queer yet," Varle said, placidly. "His brain was injured. I don't think he will ever be the same man again. He may never entirely recover his senses." "I think everybody, himself included, would be better off," replied Dunning. Doctor Varle received the reward of his villainy--the promised sum of money--and departed. He was not altogether happy. "I have been mixed up in some pretty tough things in the course of my life," he said to himself, "but I don't think I ever did anything so mean as this. If it had been the real Halsey--that sneering Jas- per Prince--l should be happy; only," he added, clinching his teeth, "I should have got Belle after me in that case. She will rage about thi ir if she ver finds out, perut nthing to what fll o would do if betrayed thy heard no more from Dunning, andin keep onlovilg suoh!' scoundrel, and he so mean to her, too, Oil,Ithese women! But seret, Bell sapsflated greatly in hat thad become of Varle, She wrote to him at various places, but got on, answer, A t l ast sh e received a letter, adawro Rud's funeral' sper thand Belnriok erin wof onder that blunder had en committe d omn howg, and, seeret, Belle speculated greatly 'what had become of Yarle, She wrote to him at various places, but got no answer, At last she received a letter, He wrote her thiat Kenrick irineo wa-douid--4that a blunder had been committed somehow, and he had not been able to bring him out of the drugged tranoe in which he had:been removed from the Hall. Belle's horror almost overpowered her. She felt in the first shook as though there was nothing she would not have done to. have brought the dead to life, She had intended to use ohis pretended death as a strong weapon in her soheme of vengeance against Jasper, but her plans had recoiled upon heraelf. If she had known that, instead of being' in his grave, he was, by a strange perverse fate, fallen into his wicked brother s prison cell, how would she have felt then P " am sorry lie is dead," she murmured, it is too horrible. I feel almost as if I had murdered him. How could that old villain have blundered P" But not a suspicion of the truth over enteredhhor mind. " This complicates matters again," she mused, " While Konrick lived, I had the upper hand of Rick if he should try any time to get rid of me, and marry Sibyl frince. But now- " A spasm of pain crossed the lovely face, as she went on, "Why do I love him so Could any thing, I wonder, make me hate him ? As he talked to Varle, that time, I thought it had put an end to my love, but that was a mistake. Despising him, holding him in thorough contempt, yet the love remains just the same. Or there would not be the bitter jealousy in my mind concerning that proud young beauty-Sybil Prince. The hatred that fills my heart when she comes near me, Yet, horv beautiful she is. A demon seems to urge me to do anything possible to thwart her, There is nothing too mean or too contemptible for me, if it injures her." CHAPTER XXVI. WHILE BSTLL WAS GONE. "What are you going to do about Sibyl Princel' l .Bello asked Jasper, " You cant keep her shut up in thosd tower rooms for Over. Jasper flushed uneaily, "Why not? Bhoiujatfer there thian any. whore else."' ' ; ..... . . By no:ans. I.I wore in her place, you would not be able to keep me there long, and Sibyl and Miss Garr are each as smart as Iam, You had better seod Miss Garr adrift and put-Sibyl in some good, kind Insane asylum. -Youahave often threatened it.":: "good P KiMd t" -.epeated Jasper, mock ngly, " It is the first time I ever:hard an insane asylum called that. And the -very first thing Miss Garr would go to your father and tell him where Hiok Halsey is," " B good enough tosay Captain Dunning, and don't forget. it eithr!" flashed Belle, her beautiful face chalk-white with auger, suddenly. "I will, I will,ý Don't get mad, Belle," Jasppr hastened to Bay, 'onoiliatltigly. "If I take care of Miss Garr, will you do as I say about Ribyl " "Perhaps. What is your plan- I Bhould have to be convinced that it would be as safe for me to have her" in an asylum as here." " You could nmake it safe by paying enough. It miaht be a g od idea to put Miss Garr there, too. You would have to get old Varlo to help you. It is something exactly in his line." Jaqper paled a little. i I think Ihave had enough of old Varle to last me my lifetime. I don't like the idea, It seems cruel." Belle's teeth clinched. Her breath came . " Oh, of course I" she- said, bitterly. " How tender.hearted we have got all at once I Fair Sibyl must not go anywhere out side of this house. Thai would be cruel. To keep her shut up here 'in an old, dark, mouldy, ghost-haunted room, where you can go and bully her whenever you like, is not cruel-oh, no I" " I have never been inside the room whore she is, since she was shut up there," Jasper , "Good reason why," said Belle, with an expressive lifting of her pretty, gracefu, shoulders. " However, you can't keep her shut up where she is much longer without an investigation. You know best whether you want her case examined by the autho. rities. Jasper started violently. "What do you mean ?" "Well, that is what it would come to. Hasn't Mrs Trult said anything to you " " About anything of that sort f Certainly not." " But about something else? I can see it in your face. She has been talking to you about me I" Belle cried triumphantly. " Oh. you need not try to get out of it I I know it. She has been hinting around to me that it did not look well for a man to shut his wife up if she was crazy, just so he could get a chance to make love to his dead mother's pretty maid, Ha, ha I" "Well, she did nut speak to me about you," Jasper said. " I don't see how sending Bibyl of would make it any easier for you to stay." Belle's hot temper ilashed white in her face again; but sto controlled it, only re marking, with sweet sarcasm , Of course, it is much easier to get rid of a real wife than a pretended one, But let fair Sibyl go for the present. Mrs Bick Hal soy has to be disposed of the first thing." Jasper made a movement of impatience. Belle laughed. She liked to provoke him. "It seems necessary," she went on, "in order to stop these wagging tongues, that Lucy Vennor should leave. She shall go I" Jasper looked at her excitedly. He was so taken by surpriao, he did not know whether he wanted her to go or not. Belle's clever, sharp brain was very useful to him just now, but her rule was rather an iron one. , You don't mean it ?" he said, "I do. Lucy Venner shall go, and Dorcas Buel shall come in her ilace," "Who is Dorcas Iuol " "A maiden sister of your stepfatler's, manufactnred for this occasion." Belle laughed at his stare of bewilder ment. i Fhero Is no such person." Jasper said. "There will be by this tieo tA morrow, Belle retorted gaily. " You just have a car riage take me to meet the seven o'clock train fortown to.night. ooi.byo, Lucy Vannor:l As soon as I get there, I wiltl tegraph you in Dorcas Ruel's name to meet me at the first, morning's expres. That will be abo'u ha'f.past ten o'clock, I guess, you will lin Miss Dorcas Ruel waiting for you, and I'll bet you that little missing budgel of green backs you won't. know me yourself I" Ho smiles scornfully. "You are very good at that kind of thbig, but you couldn't fool me, I know those big green eyes of yours too well, You would have to got rid of them before you could play yourself off as anybody else to anyone who know those eyes, I don't like the plan, Belle, I am sure it won't work, Let me tell you mine, You go up to town and wait. I will join you in a tow days. \W will take all the money we can raise, an skip. How will that do ?" For a moment the beautiful, foolish, loving woman was thrilled to her proud, passionate heart by the words, But she knew him so vell, lie had deceived her so often. " What do you call a few days ?" she asked, with an angry sneer. " Time enough to lix up matters with fair Sybil, and take her somewhere that I could not find you It won't do, my clover friend, I leave to. night; Dorcas Ruel comes in the morning, and you will see how quickly she will dia po.s of bilstrois Sybil," Jaspor winced, but finally agreed to Be lo's »rrangomonts with fairly good grace. He ad to, There was no other way. The wile whom he had doubted and abused in the past had the upper hand now. He drew a long breath of relief when Bello vas out of the house. "I suppose I can call my soul my own vhitl she is gone, and no longer," he mut: a ;ered. "So I had better improve the time, t 'll go and see Sybil," There were two sots of keys to the tower 1 ocome, Dollo kept one and took them away with her to prevent Jasper Prince visiting i Sybil while she was gone, Jasper had told her that Doctor Varlo had c ;ho others, but it was not true, They reposed a luietly in his own pocket, i What he promised to himself from an a aterview with Hybil, he did not know. He had no real plans concerning her ex. v apt in a vague way. He meant to get rid of Bello sometime and narry Sybil, Just how it was to be done was o lot very clear in hi own mind. it He had some vague notion of getting a h livorco from Helle, Doctor Valle would help to fix it up, he anoled, if well enough paid for it, and he t lid not know how he could have over felt , ate in his stolen identity or securo of the aonoy till Sybll bad really become his wife. a How to get rid of beautiful, unmanageable lelle, that was the question. To do the handsome villain justice, he did n ot now wish her dead, b Unawares to himself, a curious change Iha 1 elgn in his wicked heart when he asw his nother and iae brother lying there dead, " No, no I" he said, shidderlagly, whenever d he thought of ridding himsolt of Bells in hat way came over him, a Still she was,an obstacle, and'ho wanted hat obstacle removed In some way, " What a jike it would be," he muttered, to put her in some good. hinsl insane asylum nstead of Sybil, as she proposes I But 1 0 osldn't do it. I know I couldn't. I must a ie oetting soft-hearted, as Belle says." He wanted to see Sybil, He exulted in a ho fact that there was no one now to inter r ore with his doing so. His mother, he thought with a sbuddor it Yas gone, Belle was gone. Sibyl was in a looked room, and be had the key. 1 Why should he not go and see her ? Why, 8 ndeed, except that in his cowar ly soul he was afraid to meet the boautiful, accusing, C rhreatening gase of the woman waose hui- . band he believed, and she believe , he had 8 Ilain. How her dark, sweet eyes had flashed at 9 him like swords that night when she called I him "murderer," He shrank with a sort of horror from reeting her,.and yet he was resolved to go, She drew him with an irresistible fascina. tlon. She possessed him, as it were, with a longing to be in her presence, which he could not control. c ie went slowly down the corridor that, led to the tower, and his step grow .eower n. he drew near, till he stopped entirely, and after some moments' hesitation went hurry. ing back to his own room, where he had a flask of brandy, He poured out half a glass of the raw spirits and swallowed it at a gulp. "I guess I can do it now," he muttered, grimly, wiping the moisture from his ftoe. head. He put the flask in his pooket, and went out into the passage again. ' Ho helped himself to another liberal draught from the flask before he opened the a door and passed into the presence of the two ladies, almost without warning, SSybil was lying down, with all her dark, silky hair unbound and flowing over the pillow, Miss Garr sat bside her. Jasper paused just inside the door, his heart beating hot and heavy at sight of that sweet white face framed in masses of soft, waving black hair. Both ladies started up in violent excite. ment at sight of him, The horror and abhorrence on Sybil's beautiful pale face was terrible to see, The change which grief and imprisonment had wrought in that lovely countenance in so short a time amazed him. " Murderer ?" uttered Sybil, in low, in tense tones. "Hlave you come to kill me, tou 2" "Good evening. Mr Halsb l" said Miss Garr. * Have you heard from Captain Dunning lately Vi His face flashed white and then red. He glanced at Miss Garr. Be went a step to. ward her, Y" ou shut up, old woman," he said, savagely, "or I won't promise to keep my hands off you I" " You had better not dare to put them on me, if you don't want your noes'tweaked 1" the plucky old maid retorted, her small, bright eyes like sparks, " I can handle you, and not half try "What do you want hero, Mr Halseoy " 1" Sybil asked. "Who areyo talking to?" he retorted, " My name is not Halsey," He was almost foaming with'rage, the handsome- face black and soowling. lie looked mjre like a demon than he did like a man. "It may not be your real name," Sibyl said, calmly; "it is your prisod name, your convict name. I am satisfied of that. It is the name Captain Dunning knows you by. You ought to be called Cain, for, ike .the first murderer, I believe it was your brother you and Doctor Varlo killed." *Jfasper did not utter a word for a moment. Then his lips curled with a bitter sneer. "No betterP" ho said. "Still full of those wild fancies, my beautiful wife P" A quick shudder ran through Sibyl she was white as death, " Brute I" cried Miss Garr. " Shut up, gimlet eyes!" Jasper retorted. He took out his handkerohief to wipe the profuse peorpiraition from his face, and dropped it on the floor, As he stooped to pick it up, the flask of brandy slipped from his breast pocket, and lay upon the thick carpet, without his noticing it. CHAPTER XXVII. " TlE HANGMAN AWAITS THEE." A quick flash came into Miss Garr's " gimlet-oyes." Sho changed her position so that the skirt of her dress covered the flat bottle. I Then in a moment more sho had contrived to secure it without Jasper observing her. Passing quietly into the next room, in which Doctor Varlo had left a few vials of various preparations, she selected one labeled "Laudonum," and poured the whole contents into the flask of brandy. It had all been done so quickly that she Ihad scarcely been missed from the room by the other two, when she returned to it, carrying the flask and ia small goblot in one hand, and a pitcher of water in the other. She moved noiselessly toward Jaspor. He was looking at Sibyl and speaking, She was almost behind him, and he did not see her. She put the glass, the flask, and tho pitcher of water all on a little table which stood at Jasper's right hand and quite near, but still he did not notice Ilor. "Now, Sibyl, understand me," he was saying. "I am willing to humor these fancies of yours-to allow you to imagine that thero has been another Konrick PInmoo to whom you have been married and who is now dead, I am willing to allow this. and to be privately and quietly. married over again, provided you promise to stop talking about all these things-especially to atop accusing me of murdering anybody, or of being an escaped convict. What do you say P" Not a word caue from Sibyl. She sat staring at,him with eyes of loftiest and in dignant contempt, her lips white with pain, her whole air expressive of the utmost horror and defiance; but she did not utter a word. Jasper quailed before the fire in those beautiful eyes, in spite of those fierco draughts of spurious courage with which he had bolstered himself. His' mruth felt dry and parched. He glanced around and saw the flask of brandy, the pitcher, the glass. His senses wore already becoming con fused. He reached for the flask eagerly, and poured himself nearly a glass of the strong spirit and tossed it down. Prudence watched him exultingly. "Now," she thought, "if he stays here till that dose gets hold of hin, tihe thing is done." "' Well, what do you say P" Jasper Dogan again, blundoringly. " You don't expect me to do all the talking, do you P " His speech was getting thick, his eyes looked glassy, "I say you don't expect-" he began again, savagely, moving toward her. But at almost the first stop he reeled, caught at the table which hold the bottle rnd pitcher of water, and went down with it prone and sprawling, like a huge frog, among the ruins. Prudence Garr looked as though she would like to dance on his prostrato body. She caught Sibyl by the hand, " Come! " she whispered. " This is our hence. The keys are in the door, and he i a safe for a while. He couldn't get upon t lis feet now to save his lifo, and he will be round as a post in ton minutes, if not less." They went out of the room quickly, aking the procaution to look the door at ach end of the little passage. " It's a wonder Miss Lucy Vonner is not 6round somewhere spying," Prudence bought. If she had known that Miss Venner was lot in the house, her mind would have wcon much easier, They wont first noiselessly to their own rpartmonts for hats and wrapa, " We had better go out by the garden loor," suggested Sibyl, "We shall not be 1o likely to be soon." " All rivht," responded Prudence, boldly oading the way. But the suggestion proved unfortunate. It was about nine o'clock; there were nly dim lights in the hails and passages, md they oncountered no one. They could hear a faint hum and slighl novoment from the direction of the hitchen eglons.s All else was still until, as they were pass ng a door which opened into the dining. soom, they heard the uhrill tones of Mrs Tur it, the Hall housekecper, reprimanding some lorvant probably, ' She is coming out I" whispered Prudence 3arr, and pulled .-ibyl with her through the rat open door she saw. ' This will do till ; ihe has gono," " If she oees us, aho will try to stop us," laid Bibyl. " She has ilways hated me for iome reason," "She won't see us." But there was very little that passed any. d where within her ken which " Old Turfit," so the servants called her, missed, She had 0 syes like a hawk. D As she came out of the dining-room, she must have caught a glimpse of the fugitives V or their shadows. Thuy had gone into a Imnll room sat apart as a storage closet. 'horo had not been tieo to closau til door. Mrs Turft stood a moment near the dining room after she came out, speaking to tih servant, but watching the storagd-room. " Well, I s)ould like to know what that means," she muttered to herself, spittfuily, I: "and I will, too" " She moved carelessly along till she caemo aear the open door, when she suddouly madu s apring, caught it with both hands and shut i It with a bang-then looked it, She knew well enough who was inside, but pretended to think it was two burglars, t and screamed loudly. The servants came running. The gardener took the key from Mrs. Tur lit, and opened the door. "Burglars, indeed I" he exclaimed angrily. " Why, its Mra Prince and Miss Garr." I The two ladies came out into the hall Sybil was pale-bat haughtily imperious. She looked at Mrs Turfit, and the house keeper looked back at her as impertinently as she dared. " I guess there ain't any harm done," she said. " We all know what the orders are about Mrs Prince." Then she turned to one of the oervants " Run quick to Mr Prince's room, and ask hiu, if hu kRows his crazy wife is loose." 'ibyl's white lips curved scornfully. ' What makes you call me crazy, iri Turtiti Have you ever- has any one here seen or heard me do anything that looked like it?" The housekeeper tossed her head. " I don't know anything about it. That is what my betters call you. I don't pretend to know better than they do." Then she spoke to James, the gardener. " Come over hero by me," she said, with a most insolent glance at Sioyl. " One never knows what a crazy person may do nesxt, I've heard." James iteeso frowned at the woman and" stojd still, lie was an old man, and liss Sibyl, as he called her, had always been a prime favorite with him. He had grieved and puzzled a good deal over what they had told him about her. " James leeeo," said Bibyl, " Do you be Ileve I am insane 1" The poor old man looked troubled. " You see, Mliss Sibyl," he said, slowly, " it is so queer you don't kno,v your own hus. band," Sibyl started, and shuddered violently. It was so horrible to be always met by that. And if she told them that the man they called Kenrick Prince was in reality his mur:derer, they would only stare at her and srinuk from her, and all the more call her insane. "James," she said, " I want you to answer me some questions, How many years is it lsnoo you ierst know Mr Kenriok Prince?" "Nigh ten, miss." " And you were always very fond of him ? You have told mo so many times, And he liked you and liked to talk with you. Now, how is it with this man 1 Does he ever come near you 1" " Well," hesitatingly, " sincoe the sansh.up I'm bound to say hea not quite as he used to be; but-" " Does he over speak to you unless ho Is obliged 1" " Well, I don't know as he does, but-" " Wait I Is he in anything but looks the least like the Kenrick Prince you know before the railway accident f" " Well, no, not much-not much," shaking his old head vigorously. " isn't ha more changed than I am 2" "Yes, but-" "\Vait, wait I Did the ICKnrick Prince you eesod to know before the accident, in all the years you ever know him, over take spirits or wine P" " No, no, mniss that's true," said tihe old man, sorrowfully, "he is very different at the present time; but trouble, Miss Sybil, has driven many a man to-" Sybil mado a movement of supreme dis gust and disdain. "Trouble never turned a good man into ai beast," she said. At this moment the girl who had boon sent to find Mr PIrimee returned, saying he vwas not to be found. As if moved by a sudden impulse, Sibyl turned upon thie gaping and startled com pany. " Follow me." And there was something so conmmanding in her tones that the whole company moved after her. Miss Garr unlocked the doors, Sybil went first, the others trooped ifter. Jasper Prince lay lust as they ha-d left him-sprawled upon the floor like a hugo frog, ,int he was not asloop. The laudanum which'Prudence had poured into the flask of brandy, iustead of stupefying him, had counteracted the effect of the spirits. dtill lie was tolerablyidrunk. Sybil went and stood near him, looking dowl with an expression of loathing and ditgruit. Stooping auddenly, she hissed, "Murderer-vwhler is thy brother P" The words had an ominous sound, and they pierced even his driukc.louded brain. 11H eat up, groaned, and glared at thom with savage eyes. lis brain was smitten with sharp remorse and fear. "Murderer l" sho hissed again, "The hangman awaits thee I" OHAPTER XXVIII. THE GHOST, With a scream so piorcing and horrible it dcarcely seemed human, the wretohstaggered upon his feet ant darting maniac glances from ide to bide for a moment, plunged hea doug through the midst of the hr.lf. paralysed group between him and the door and disappeareA. Sibyl turned upon Mrm Turft, a dau. ,erous light in her beautiful, flashing oyes. The woman was staring with wildly ilating eyes after Jasper. 'Thuy wure all staring with looks of won. Ier, horror and bewilderment. Sibyl's beautiful white face turned upon Lhum, thu extended to them her little, lhaking hands, ' Do you call that thing in the shape of a Iun Kuinrick i'rinco ?" she asked, In low, ntunae tones, Theur was dead silence, Even Mrs Tarlit ooied stunned. " He be mightily changed, Miss Sibyl-lhe o for sure," James ufIes said at last, haking his gray head gloomily, " And we id all mighty sorry for you atd himn, But ion you know, mistress, that don't make lim somabody else. He bh Mister Kicniok or all." Sibyl's hands fell; her head drooped lospalringly, blisa arr want to her, • 'Lucy Venuer has gone away," she whis. tored. "1 ased one of the girls;and she aid she had gone for good. But I don't be. love that. Do you suppose any one else vauld Jare to interfere if we tried to leave he house now 1" " Mrs rurflt would. She hates me so; md I don't believe James Reese would lot uu go. The poor old man really belloves have lost my mind." " We might try," " Yes," But at the first movement, Mrs Turft eced them with belligerent looks. " Excuse mo, ladles, but 1 can't let you at of this room without Mr Prince's orders. Ira Prince, any way, Ask Jimes Beese." " I wouldn't go it L was you, Miss 'Sibyl," ho old gardener said, persuasively, Sibyl laid her little, whilo hand upon his " You wouldn't try to hinder me, James ?" he said, gently. "Even if I am insane, as 'on think. You know it is only on one Aoint." " I couldn't dare to risk it," he said, orrowfully, "It might be twenty pointa eufor morning. You might be a raving aaniac. It ain't fitting for a lady to go out ly herself at this time of the night, any Fay" -"Miss Garr would be with me. You on't call her insamo ? " "T don't know anything about her. Our rdors are about you! Don't tease the old lan now." Mra Turfit thought it was about time to ut in her oar again. " I'll trouble you for the keys to these 00)oln, OTin. (Oar,' .r" .he ndl. ssth h.- tlh . tinrvy insoltouco of look and tone. ," Will you take theon now, or wait till onu can got them ?" retorted. Prudence, oolly. -You had better give them up. You ave no business with them, anyhow. I uppose you stole them from Mr Prince," ;he housekeeper said, glaring at hor. Sibyl drew hor back a little and spoke ow. " You see how it is," she said, "Thare a only one thing can be done. I think hey would neither of them try to prevent 'our going. No one would interfere with rou to.night, but that wretch whom we )olioved to be Ialsey won't let you go >y to-morrow." " I won't leave' you and that is flat!" leolarod Prudence, emphatically. "Yes, you will. I will tell you why, md it is the only hope. You can find 3aptain Dunning and tell him about Rick [Ealsey." "Do you think he would believe me ?" Prudence exclaimed, with a startled air. 'Itis such a queer story and we can't prove nything. The very servants here would )ontradiot us. I'm afraid, my dear, I should inly get called crazy, too." " No that man Dunning was too anxious to got hold of Halsey. I could see that. I believe you could get him to come here and see this man." "I can try, anyhow, and I'm willing," Prudence said, with some excitement. " lut I don't like leaving you alone here at the meroy of that drinking villain," "I'm not afraid of him-at least not much, I believe he is more afraid of me than I am of him. At any rate, it is the only chance, Prudence, Everythlng is against us hero, I believo they mean to put me in an insane asylum if I don't give up and own that wretch for my husband, and they will put you there with me if yeou do s't look out. Wait a minute now and let me speak to Mrs Turfit." She turned to the housekeeper, " Miss Oarr wishes to go away. If hes gives you the keys, and I agree to remain as I am for the present, will you see that a car. rags takes her at once to hLampton Station to meet the midnight express train 2" Mrs Turfit promised eagerly. She knew Jasper hated Miss Garr, and she had heard him say many times that he wished he could got rid of her--not very lately, however not since he had discovered that Prudence suspected he was hick Halsey, James was despatehed to see that the pro. mised carriage was nuade ready. Miss Gairr, with a solemn and important air, drew Sybil into the adjoining room. " HerI is something I am going to give you, the old lady said, with tears in her eyes, and a quiver in her voice. "I hope you won't need it, but you may." ' The something " was a small pistol, queer looking, which Prudenuce took out from some place of concealment. " It don't look much," she said, as Sybil smiled, "but it will shoot-and it is loaded now." Sibyl kissed it, and kissod hiss Gfarr as she took it, and thanked her with emotion. " Now you use it if you need, and don't be afraid, It will shoot enough for Mr Rick Halsey, I guess. He's a coward, anyhow, said Miss Uarr. James came presently to say the carriage was ready. Sibyl turned white as death and clung to Miss Garr passionately. " Remembor," she said, " that you leave me alone amuong bitter enemies; that you :are the only friendl I have in the world to help me. You won't forsake me under any circumstances, will you 1' udlence ?" " I will iever forsake you ! 1 will staud by you and work for your help as long as I can draw breathl" Prudence declared, boe tweon tobs. " And if you come back and I am not here -it no one can or will tell you where 1 am -you will still keep searching till you find me, won't you 1" "I will-I will 1" Miss Garr gave the much-contasted keys to Sibyl " Keep them yourself till James comes and tells you I have started," she said. " Mr Rick Halsey may try to stop me at the last inmoment." Mrs Turtll tossed her head and looked volumes of insoloence, bult she made no ob. jecction in words, only bade her assistants conio and stand with her against the door for fear tihe crnazy woman should try to break out. Sibyl gave no heed to her importinenon, only watched anxiously and with beating heart lor James' return. (To le eonsind t , 