"He allers was queer, Del was." The observation was given without so licitation. Jerome Bonuner was not the man to wait for an invitation to express his opinion. His long habit of sitting on the box with his hand on the throttle ready to "pull her open" did not influ ence him in conversation. Only in the cab, with the schedule before him, was he amenable to signal. There he was trusted. The superintendent considered him the safest engineer on the road. When he took a train out, the dis patcher breathed easily, for there were some daredevil engineers in the employ of that company. They would rattle a train around curves and shoot down grades with the greatest disregard for the passengers' comfort and fears. There were men who delighted in the shrieks of the whistle. How they would laugh when echo was frightened and screamed back the strident voice of the engine. There were many such men in the pay of the Kane and Carney railroad, but Jerome Bonner was not one of them, nor was Delehanty. He was a fireman and had been on. the road two years when the wreck occurred on Kane hill. It was the memory of the wreck that led Jerome Bonner to remark to a passenger about Delehanty's eccentricities. A little group had surrounded Jerome at the water tank and signal station on Kane hill, where a danger flag had pulled up the train. The conductor was up stairs waiting for orders. There was a wreck above-some coal cars on the track-and there was a prospect of a long delay. Jerome had got out of the cab and was sitting in the sun on one of the ground timbers of the tank trestle. The fireman had made himself comfort able on his box and with feet sticking out of the window was taking a snooze. The engine snorted occasionally as if impatient. Most of the passengers wero wandering about aimlessly, some chat -tingy, otners loo01ing ii tlle busli for ber ries of the wintergreen, and all were be ginning to fret. Even those around Jerome were hoping he would take mat ters in his own hands and run the train over the hill. He, however, attracted their attention when to one of the hlie spoke the words of the opening sentence. "Tell us.about him, won't you, please?" asked a mite of a woman, an excursion ist. "Oh, do, if it is a story. I am so tired of this stupid wait," said her companion, not an overlarge woman herself and ap parently blase. "'Fraid Delehanty won't int'rest you ladies much. He was a commnonplace man, but popylar-mighty popylar with the boys, 'spite er his queerness." "Then do tell us about him." "WTVaal, lie and me courted the same gurl, Susan Briggs, a black eyed gurl as ever you see and purty, no mistake. And mebbe that's why I thought Del queer actin, and mebbe he'd the same 'pinion uv me. Senice then 1 have alilers noticed that men in luv with the s:ume gurl see each other 'bout as a delirium tremens subjec' sees snakes. Costy, try them gauges." Costy, tihe fireman, awoke out of his snooze and tried the gauges. The en gine was not suliplied with an injector, and Jerome was desirous of knowing the depth of water in the boilers. If it was low he would have to run the engine up the track to "pump up." and that would interrupt the story. "Two and a half," called Costy, and fixed himself on the box again, while, satisfied with the report, Jerome resumed .his story. "1 was on the road, and Del wanted work, but there was no job for him. He wanted to fire. One day Jim Morgan got sick, and when I went to the round house the next mornin there war Dele hanty in bran new overalls rubbin the brass on No. 12. No. 12 was my engine. I nodded to him and then hunted up the foreman of the roundhouse. 'Del's goin onnt.xcith ynn . ttic C.ip. Jim Morn-se too sickl' There was no help fur it, so I went back, jumped into the cab and run her out into the yard. Del looked up from the handrail on the boiler with a kind uv hurt look on his face. "The firemen usually bring out the en gine. Lettin him do it was a way of sayin lie could be trusted to run an en gine. Del kept on rubbin the rod and makin it shine as I backed down and coupled. 1 mind lookin at him . He was between me and the track, and I had to look outer the side winder. He was big, and I knowed things were not right be tween us, and I said nothin. He seemed hankerin fur a fight. Minute we cou pled Del came in through his winder, throwced the waste in the box and jerked open the door of the firebox. Jist then the gong rung, anud I give 12 the steam. Del shoved in some coal, and as we got under headway he came to my sideof the cab and stood between it and the tender. "I knowed what he come fur, and it made me ncad. Susan Briggs lived jist at the edge uv the town and was allern out fur my train, and Del knowed it. So he wur goin to let her see hlim on the samo cab with mce, and in overalls. I wur so durn mid 1 jist looked straight ahead, while hlie noddeld and laughed at Susan, and she nodded and lnughed at hits. He looked back till we got round the curve anm. then went grinnin to hits box. Tarnationi I wur so mad I could scarcely see the track, and 1 run lile "Del and me didn't talk much on that trip. When 12 wur in the roundhouse agin, I went right off, but Del hung 'round, polishin and fixin up. I felt I wur in for it and made up my mind Susan would have to settle which she would have mighty quick. If she took Del, all right. But she had to come to the point. But. Lord!" and here Jerome glanced at the lady passengers, "I could allers run an engine, but manage a wom an wur more than I could do. "The long and short uv it was that Del and me run on 12 for about two year, and Susan would not make up her mind. Del and me wur good friends, so far as the world knowed, but we wur far apart in our hearts. "We never had a wheel off before the. iilit w-hen Dele puilled 12 through on Kane hill. "We had stepped at the tank fur wa ter. Del wur at the spout, and I wur leanin out, looking back fur his signal. Susan had been sort of preferrin me uv late, and I wur feelin good. Del wur sulky and stood with his head down, waitin fur tihe tank to fill. "Men will think the truth if they don't speak it, and lookin at Del I says to meself, 'He's a finer lookin feller than you, Jerome Bonner, and Susan Briggs knows it.' I shut off the safety valve. The steam had been blowin off and makin a good deal of noise. The moon light made it very ghostly, and once in awhile I looked up at it. When it were shut off, there rose a rumble out uv the stillness that reached Del quick as it did me. We both looked up the hill, and there, roundin the curve, wur a shad der. We knowed at once it wur a run away train comin down on us. Waal, runaway trains with nobody on them had happened before, and we knowed what to do. " 'Cut her loose, Del,' I yelled. "He dropped on the platform and call ed: "'Back a little.' "I reversed 12 and eased the link, "'Go ahead,' he yelled. "Anld as I opened the throttle I heard the link drop against the drawbar. We wur free; 12 wur loose, a-goin to meet the train smashin down on her. I patted the iron gurl, fur Iwuz fond uv her. and she went up the hill as a bird, and I, for gettin all about Del, stooped over to lock the door uv the firebox. "A great big hand grabbed me by the throat, and looking up over my shoulder I saw Del. His face was as black as mid night when there's no moon, and in his right hand he had a couplin pin. " 'Yer have got to jump, Jerome Bon ner,' lie said. " 'Let go uv me,' I managed to say, while 1 hung on to the reverse lever. " 'I won't. Yer have gottoiumnuand 'll piull 12 througli.' "He loosed his grip on my throat. " 'Do you want to make me talked uv as a coward?' I asked. "We both of us could hear the train gettin closer. " 'Jerome, if you jump you'II save me from bein a murderer. If you don't get out of my reach, I'll kill you and take my chances uv gettin through all right. Then I'll marry Susan Briggs. Quick make up your cmind. Promise me0you'll jump, or I'll kill yer, and I don't want ter be yer murderer-and if I die in the bump you will be alive to marry Susan. She likes you best and me next. Jump!' "He pulled me oiff the box and shoved me across the cab. The train wasleapin on us. One more second, and all would be over mebbe. Del was still behind me holdin the piln up ready to strike, and I knew hlie would. He wur strong, and I had to go. Out I went, and I landed safe. No. 12 met the train plucky and stopped it dead. The cars piled all over her and buried the cab. Just be fore she struck Del throwed the safety valve open and shut her off. Then he stood still. "He wur knocked part through the window when the bumb came, and I found him there. I felt like a sneakin coward. Del hadl pretended he would kill me jist to get me off the engine, and there hlie wur dead and me livin. My mouth wur shut to the world, but I went home to Susan and told her how Del had died for her. 'He believed you liked me best, Susan, and if I got killed you would feel awful bad, so he jest drove me off 12 with a couplin pin, and then stood by her.' "The tears came into Susan's eyes, and she wiped them on her apron. I wur holdin her hand, and she took it away I liked her fur weepin and lettin go uv me. If she hadn't, I'd a-turned agin hur. Feelin that she'd like to be alone, I went away. "I met her at Del's funeral. She wur quiet and sad, and I only nodded to her. The people all wondered'bout my jump in and thought me a coward, but nobody dared say so. Susan knowed I wurn't, and I didn't care what the other people thought. "1 didn't say notlin to Susan about gettin married fur about six months after Delehanty wur buried, and when I spoke uv it at last she made up her mind. " 'Jerome,' she said, 'I allers believed I liked you better'n Del, but ever since he died I've felt like his widder, anid I know you ain't courtin me that way.' "And I wurn't. So I left her, and 1 ain't made up my mind yet to court her as Delehlanty's widder, but I am wishin all the time that Del wur livin and I cur dead. Then mebbe Susan would be my ridder. "Ladies," said Jeromo as he arose from the beam, "would you like to ride on the engine? I am goin to run up the hill to pump water into the boiler, and '11 show you where Delehanty died." The lady travelers accepted the invita tion. Jerome gallantly helped them in the cab and started the engine up thle hill.-Alfred L. King in New York Dis patch. Method In IIerRlequest. Little Girl (ready for bed)-Maammu , will you tell sme a ghost story? Mamma-What! A ghost story now, dear? Little Girl-Yes, mamma. 1 want to get awfully sanred so that I can sleep with yon.-Te-as Siftinge. 