AN AMERICAN ON ENGLISH DRAMATIC CRITICISM 1Now that Edward Booth is dead, there comes up over his grave the usual large crop of eulogistic weeds reminiscen t,poetic, anecdotal, and flatulent. These weeds, for the most part, are rank, and happily for the swee?er memory of the man we respected short- lived. These same critics and space-stulfers who but yoesterday, when he was in the harvest of his profes sional work, hinted in courteous but none the- less significant phrase that he had reached the coditio:: of a ' has been ', to day are giving him the apotheosis of a god, and bewailing his departure as 'an irreparable loss to the American stage. They beat their funeral tom toms and re peat the same old death song: 'The prince of playors is gone-the man of men has vaonished and the loftiest niche in our dramatic temple is vacant.' It is only a little while ago that the wailing weepers told us that the death of Law rence Barrett 'left a vast gap in dramatic literature which can never be filled.' The same chant was given as the post mortem offering wh.en lEdwin Forrest passed from life.' They tell us the same old mortuary ghost stories that but for the marvellous genious and the devotion of the particular Dear Departed, whoever he may be, the stage would have long ago gone to the dogs; the theatres have crumbled to ruin and dramatic literature become obsolete. .And yet I met only yesterday a bob veal critic of one of the daily papers in this city, who, after giving me a panegyric upon the greatness of Edwin Booth, naively admitted that he had never seen him either on or off the stage. ' We shall never have another Booth i' 'We shall never see his like again.' As Mr Jemmy Twitcher remarks, 'Yell vet of it ?' Dramatic literature will not die out; there be will no cessation in the building of theatres, and one gene ration after another of players will strut their fretful hour and so depart without the special wonder of sensible people. The 'Ivast gaps' and the 'lofty niches' that these space-stuffing penegrists, like house agents, are so mournfully advertis ing as being ' to let, ' will be occupied by equally as eligible tenants as were their predecessors. Because their names are not Forrest, Lester, Walladk, Barrett or Booth will not prevent them from taking possession of all the pedestals, niches, temples of fame and available gaps that Time and the Hour shall have provided for the temporary occupancy of popular idols, who each in his turn, according to his ability, will add the chapter of his achievements to the book and volume of dramatic history and his quoto to the advancement of dramatic art. ' The world do move. ' Those that are great in their day and generation must in time give place to others who are greater in the estimate of the generation to which they belong than were their predecessors. The past is an old and experienced under taker; let it bury its dead according to its own methods. Nota few of the messages of condolence sent from professionals and others to Edwin Booth's sorrowing daughter were simple and truthful; but there were some that, to use a plain phrase, were little ease than advertising mockeries. There is always a contingent of small calibre notables in every profes sion who never lose any sort of an opportunity to bring their names and personality into the public prints. The advent and presence of a foreigner of distinction-a duke, a princess, a great artist, statesman, or even a Pontificial advance agent like Satolli-arouses these notoriety-seeking parties to an activity that would be pernicious were it divested of its ridiculous attributes We all know what a boon of notoriety the Prineess Eulalia and Duke Veragua's presence here was to the Gilroy and Croker crowd, and to other political and social small fry. In the instance of the obsequies of the lamen ted tragedian Edwin Booth, there were two or three of these messages that were, to say the least, rather queer to the eye of whoever is familiar with the relations existing between the senders and the actor while he lived. Mr Henry Irving's cablegram, ' We all loved him' !-ah ! how appropriate and tender, considering that while Mr Booth was living, ' things were rather strained' in the 'personal regard' in:rket. ' Mr Henry Irving, with a prospectivre eye to the success of the American tour of him self and Ellen Terry, gave Mr Booth an effusive welcore, and exploited him, as the English hath it, 'to the queen's taste.' In point of fact, he was all this while shrewdly putting Mr Booth up as a special advance American advertisement of the one and only Irving. The honest, trusting, mauly American was being unconsciously entertained, not because of his eminence as an interpreter of Shakes pearian character, but as an object of use sandwiched between a couple of bill boards. One of these said to the English public :'Come to the Lyceum and see how little the American is compared to your own and only Irving.' On the other, for the American eye, was: ' See the royal welcome I give to the great American. I am his one and only benefactor and friend in all England.' And 'We all love him.' It was another case of Piclk sniff patting Martin Ohuzzlewit. But all the while 'the good Irving was thus exhibiting Mr Booth the London critics were stabbing him with their Gillotte pens. They had their cue from their master. Nearly all of them, from Clement Scott down to the most obhcure squib writers of the penny theatre programmes, knew their parts well. They ostensibly embraced the professional guest, but they prodded him just the same. They wined and dined him, always with the distinguished and esteemed Mr Irving as the chairman. How they 'all loved him ?' Mr Clement Scott, who has contrived to acquire a very great reputa tion as an able dramatic critic upon an exceedingly small intellectual capital, was the bellwether who led the flock whose shopherd was the Irving. While here Mr Scott's grief over the death of his 'dear friend' was truly touching. As Dunlop remarked of my friend, George Edgar, the 'teacher of dramatic art,' as he understands her : 'He always has a new Juliet, to order, on tap.' Mr Scott is never without his vat of lachrymal condolence on tap. I am told that when he heard that the tragedian had passed away, 'tears came into his eyes.' How he loved him. How beautifully the love of Messrs Irving, Scott and Co. (limited), was expressed in their published refer encesto his performance ofHamlet in 1880. This is Mr. Scott's contribution to the ingredients of the 'loving cup :' ' He has a fine stage face, well cut, animated and intellectual, and an elastic welk ; a poor and unattractive dress, contrasting by its diwginess with the gor geous glitter of the court ; tangled black hair, well off the face but hanging in feminino disorder down the back. Thii was Edwin Booth, who looked as if he had stepped out of some old theatrical print in the days of elocution and before the era ot natural and real acting. The play proceecs, scene after scene and act after act, and the naturally ideal Hamlet seeir.s omitted from the programtme. He never makes the blood course through the veins, warms the emotions, or touches the sympathies. Our hearts are onreached. Gradually the attention was directed to Hamlet, the acmor, and not Hamlet thile ideal. Mr Booth is correct, but his manner is want ing in sympathy, in ideality, and in persuasion. We are always thinking of the actor, never of bthu inlla. T., luuoern ideas something more ia wanting then a reading of Himilet on the stage. The days of the old classical school are dead and buried.' Then MrDutton Cooke speaka his little piece in 'Nights at the Play' thus ' Altogether so far as the fist judgment after one hearing can be trusced, Mr Booth's Hamlet is a spiiited, elaborate, painstaking, and expert but couveniounal performance. He prwsouts essentially lhe Hamlet of the stage with variations and embroideries of immaterial quthltt., and not the Hamlet of the student if Shakes peare. His chief aim is theatrical t fflc tiveness of the old fashioned sort. His Hamlet in truth may be said to be Hamlet of the past. Often I found niyseli re minde-1 of the Hamlet of Charlen Kean ; if I missed his physical demerits I missed also his intensity, his special power of startling and kindling his audience. Something of the Englishman (Irving) would gain if he cJuld emulate the American's promptness, vigilance, de cisiveness of manner, ease of action, and freedom of limb. But as I think the Hamlet of Mr Irving is to be preferred in that it is more picturesque, more poetic, more intellectually interesting, and altogether more genuinely Shakes perean.' Most noble judges i What Daniels come to judgment. And 'we all loved him.' JouN CaneoB, in N. Y. Despatch. 