A OiikiJiV. S'«[ii.u, AM,v^-iM Oh, it'ii .via nt rural glndur. OC fresh, frco nir.nml sjuriJingrillsi And prate ??? sisss cf^/lvnushitdcai Of seething rivers, sim-kissiiil bills. Go, bumpkins, lako your fill of: them, Whilst I 'mid peaceful pleasures atra/ Such as tho tea at live i-. Jr., tho gorraun and tho matinee. Let others hunt tho timid roe, The bouiuliivi stag, the subtle hare, Whilst I in solitude ?will go And stalk the oyster in hia lair. Let restless spirits hunt tho snipe, .. . Of prairie chickens slay a host, And still the plover's pensive pipe.; ; But give irio enlm and quail on toast. ,' Go, ribaiils, toy with finny tribes, ,. And' think' to tike their lives no sin j But givo to me, and spare your gibes, The peaceful joy' oE terrapin; ' From babbling brook and rippling rill, Mad roysterera, go drink j 'tis vain, I only askto drink my'fill' : Of frozen absinthe and champagne. Let coarse yaiirig swains in folly, stray, With rosy maids with hair a-curl « I only ask a neat coupe. And supper with a. ballet girl. . - Ye madcap wighta, who riae at dawn, . InBatiato to dig and delve, I do not. envy ye; but on .,..?? I'll slumber till the hour of twelve. Attune your pipes, attend your flock!, And toot your flutCB, if. joy it brings ; I am content to have a box When Adelina Patti sings. With Ohloe fair, nnd Phyllis sweet Disport ye in your sylvan shrine ; An heiress with a fortune neat Is much more in my simple lino. Go, breathe your incense-laden air With fragrance of the clover blooms : Its odors never can compare With Monsieur Lubiu's nice perfumes. Go revel in thy rose-chid cot, Voluptuary sybarite, A brown-stone front shall be my lot Replete with simple, pure delight, The Last Man.— There Is one individual that we have always felt great sympathy for, and that is the last man in the procession. He doesn't want to be the Jast man, of course, but implacable fate puts him thore and there he seems to stay. There's no way of getting out of it. . Did you ever wait long enough to. see the last man in a great street parade ? Of course there must be a last man in a procession as there is a head man to lead it. He is that thrice unfortunate individual who closes up the rear. He grows tired of waiting, long be fore the procession gets under way, and haa half a mind to break ranks and go home. The crowds preis on him and little boys jeer him. Then, as the long procession moves down this street, ho is conscious all the time that every body will bo weary of the show by the time ho comes along, laboriously bringing up tho rear, and no matter how well he may march, no one ii going to pay any attention to him. His only utility seems to be to keep the big express wagons from crowding on to the fel lows proceeding him The rear of a long procession always straggleB more or less, and it becomes neces sary for those .composing it to break into a sharp run frequently, in order to avoid get ting left altogether. Then it is that tho last man haa a very distressing time of it. Dogs chose him and bark at his heels. He is cnt off by a wagon at a cross street, which whips in and prevents his joining the miiin body, and if. ho isn't nimble enough to jump over the wagon, ho is liable.to, get mixed up with all sortsof vehicles and cursed by thedrivers individually and collectively. Sometimes ho is compelled to make a long detour of side and parallel streets in order to catch up with the procession again. The populace are not favorably disposed to the last man, somehow. There is a disposi tion to hoot at him, and mischievous fellows havo been known to throw obstacles in bis way to trip him up. Wa have seen him trip on a hoop, stumble over an old wheelbarrow, roll over a barrel and bo knocked down flat by an express wagon guiny half a block. You can't help admiring t,bn' persistency o£ the man and his evident determination to bring up the rear ar whatever personal sacri fice. It is a thankless operation, though, Virginia Tradition. — Once in the life of ' every man he hears the seven whistlers' call. They are strange birds on whom mortal eyes have never rested, the whistle of whose wings sometimes falls upon the startled oar. Ami thore is always aportent of something momen tous for good or evil, oven though they ma? not ' dreo their weird ' for weeks after the seven whiatleis' call. Liko all portents, their coming is mostly in the gloaming. For then, after all, 13 the ' witching hour.' There is in the quiet of a secluded country side in the twilight shadows which falls from the heavens a mystical significance of another worSJ, and of the flimBy structure of the veil intervening, which is to be found at no other hour of the twenty-four. It io then, by same lonely wood pond, or in some valley circled by woods, that this hush is broken by a faint, far beat, distinct note in the air, not on earth or in the sky overhead, taken up and repeated six times, and ever growing clearer and more distinct, and finally pealing away with a rush of wing3 and a sound of passing like that which in all the Mediterranean isloa singled the death of ' tho Great Pan ' when Christ was born. Novels. — Many novels, interesting enough and well written, are only calculated to lead the miud astray. Novels, like other books, are raado to sell, and so competition is lively, authors vie with each other in the effort to fill tne pages of their works with the most interesting exciting plots that the imagina tion can invent. It is not to that class of novels known to bo decidedly obscene that reference is made. These are condemned, professedly, by society, and in many of the States their sale is prohibited, But the popular mind ia often bo closely allied to the openly impure literature we condemn, as to be scarcely worthy ft better name than that which is reputed. The language, it is true, is cautiously selected to clothe the thoughts, but the sentiment is offensive to purity and moral character. Yet this is very largely tho class of novelB that is moat eagerly sought and read. Unhappy marriages are largely tho result of such novel reading, nnd to the aame cause may mainly be attributed tho separations and divorces of the present day. Owning a Home.— A man who is work ing to secure a small piece of property sub stitutes a new and distinct ambition for a re mote and vague one. Day dreams about large estates and princely incomes may be very amusing, but they are not half so' pro fitable as a division of a lot one hundred feet by two hundred, with a snuc; littlo dwelling house upon it. With this before him, a man will rise early and retire lute, turning hia hand cheerfully to any and every kind of work. He will have a motive tor rigorous economy which will make it a pleasure. Hu will have the vision of the last payment bo fore him as a perpetual motive to moderation in passions, economy in expcnses.a bstinenco from expensive pleasures and from expensive companions. Thus it will come to pass that a judicious debt, incurred nt the beginning of a journeyman's or labourer's career, will become his good genius, watching over him, inciting him to all industry and selfgovern ment. It 18 a critical momont in life when middle age awakens a man from the illusions that have been crowning tho earlier years with inward glory. Some are willing to let tho vision and the dream passjntb easy oblivion, while they hasten to make up for lost time in close pursuit of the main chanco. Others can forgive anything Boonor than their own ex ploded ideal, and the ghost of their dead en ' thusiasm haunts them with an embittering presence. -_U1, 