ONE OP SIR RICHARD OWEN'S GHOST STORIES. Sir Biohard Owen had two remarkable ghost stories, whioh it was a high privilege to hear him relate. The one about to be re - corded here was perhaps the bettar of the two. In his early dayB, when Owen held ' tne post of surgeon to the prison at Lauoaa ter, a negro died in the jail, and * post mortem a? well as an inquest was necessary. Alter the inquest the young surgeon saw tne body put in the ooffia and tho lid screwed down, to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the time boon al ready attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, aad negroes' heads were not plentiful ; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the oause of soienoe. In the evening he returned to . the prison with a bag containing a briok. From bis offioial podtion he had bo difficulty in obtaining admittance to thi mortuary, -v where the ooffin-lid was unaorewed, and ?f e'»6d down again. Daring this process the bnok and the negro'a head ohanged places. The ground outside the prinoipal entrance to the jail h3d a considerable dos oont ; and the time being winter, with mow and frost, Owen had soaroely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length— the bag went from his hand and the head tum bled out and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up, caught the bag and, follow its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, ho vanished out of tho shop with all the speed ho was oapable of. Next morning, when Owen was goiner to his ububI duties at the prison, he was oalled in by the woman at the shop whore the ao oidenfc had ooourred on the previous even ing. She wished him to see her husband, who waa very ill. Ho had had, she said, a fright the night before that caused him to look wild and dazsd-like. The man, it turned out, waa a retired sea captain, who nadbeen in many adventures among the I West India Islands, when many deeds were S done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these had been the tailing of a negro, in whioh he had a hand, and the transaction had left a touoh of trou ble on hia conscience. After giving these details, the old Captain told of the horrible event that took plaoe the night before . He was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he had bsen thinking of the negro, when suddenly he saw hia very head roll into the shop in front of the counter, and it was followed by the devil, all in blaok, with a blaok bag in Ub hand. The »u*w ouaiuueu up mu asaa, ana Dotn disap peared through the earth like a flash of lightning. The description was, perhaps, not quite complimentary to the young anat omist, but it was satisfactory, so far that it showed that his identity had not been re oognized. — London Neua. 