IMPROVEMENTS TO ST. FRANCIS XAYIER'S CHURCH. The decoration of the East wall of the Catho lic Church is now complete, and Geraldton can boast of having the finest piece of church decoration in W.A. Indeed, we may say " the only" Church decoration. The wall has been divided into three spaces, in accordance with the views of the leading authorities on such matters. The upper part is grounded a warm buff. A Gothic arch forms a centre, while on either side are figures ot angels swinging censers with incense. A spandril ornament occupies the two upper corners, and serves to break up the harshness of outline so noticeable before, and adding to the ornament. On each of the spandrils are trefoils with emblems of the passion in gold upon them. Enclosed in the upper portion of the arch is the dove with gilded nimbus, on an azure ground, emblematic of the Holy Ghost. On the broad band of the arch is the inscription : " We adore Thee and bless Thee O Lord." Beneath the figures and forming a buse, from which the arch springs, are several lines in gold and colors, enclosing tablets bearing the Latin word " Sanctus " on each. The principal feature of the whole is a large painting of the Crucifixion, three- quarter life size, the figure of Our Saviour bring about four feet in L eight. Mr. G. A. Green informs us that this is the largest figure study he has yet attempted. This painting is particularly effective at night, when the figure of Our Saviour stands boldly out from the background. Below the picture is a tablet with the words : "Because by Thy Holy Cross Thou hast re deemed the world." On either side of the picture the wall spaces, comprising the central division, are painted with a most elaborate design, consisting of shields, alternately buff and ibis red. On the bnff shields a conventional rose pattern is painted, while on the red, the sacred monogram, snrmonntei with a crown, is finished in-gold with black octline. The spaces between the shields are gronnded a dull green, and over the whole is an elaborate diaper design in black. The entire design, though rich in color and elegant, is thoroughly ecclesiastic in character. The lower division of the wall has been painted a deep ibis red, this while afford ing a solid base for the richly ornamented up per part, is at once the most effective back ground for the pure white of the altars and statues. The work has been done by Mr. G. A. Green, of Messrs. Keeley & Co., and Geraldton may well feel proud of having such an artist. We wonld advise all who wish to gain an idea of the genius of this painter to visit the Church, and inspect the work upon which his skill has been exercised. 