STAGE, SOHGAKD SHOW. " Faust up to Date," tho burlesque with which tho present Gaiety season was started, had a successful revival at tho Lyceum Thoatre on Saturday night, when a vory largo audience was demonstrative in its ex- pressions of appreciation. . With threo exceptions tho principal parts were allotted as upon the occasion of the first production of tho burlesque in Sydney. That i3 to say, Mr. Lonnen repeated ono of his best performances as Mophisto, his wonderful energy in tho process of fun- making meeting with the very heartiest recognition, ' Mr. Courtneidge's bibulous humor as tho tomato- nosed Valentino tickled his audience immensely, and as the gallant and shapely Faust Miss Conyers . was, of course, everything that could bo desired. Miss Meiivalo cannot by any reasonable argument be accounted a good Marguerite, an imperfect knowledge of the lines both ot dialogue and song inter fering fatally with her performance. Miss Lethbridge was the Elsa as of yore, and it will be easily understood that each of her dances had to bo repeated. Miss Kelton succeeded Miss Katie Barry as Siebel, and Miss Wixon was mildly reminis cent of the late lamented Maria Jones, who has departod this colonial life for England. Blithesome and bonny Alice Lcnmar sang and danced through tho part of Katrino, and thoso good old myths— G. T. Minshull and Ben Nathan — figured on the bill like the ghostB of two actors who are far away. Why theso names have always been kept in the "F.U.T.D." bill we havo never boen able to understand. Wo should like to say, however, that Mr. Has- lem gives a clever sketch as old Faust, and that in the matter of music, scenery anil- all other trimmings the revival is a gilt-edged success. The comfortable auditorium of the. Criterion Theatre.was crowded to its utmost limit on Saturday night, when "Ntobc,". that gem of modern comedies, was received with uproarious merriment. Thronghout the three acts of the piece laughter and ap plause were incessant, and not infrequently the progress of tho comedy was interfered with by a wild burst of laughter at some more than usually funny lino or situation. "Niobe " is well set, and will abide with us for some time yet. "The Shaughraun" was repeated at tho Theatre Royal on Saturday night. There was an audience of encouraging numbers, ana enure was uesiaes a great (teat oi ontnu- siasm, which circumstances go to show that the tusto for threo-leaved drama still exists amongst a certain section of playgoers,- and that if offered in small quantities and at reasonable intervals may yet be the. means of accumulating wealth for'somobody, . Ono of the largest audionces yet recorded in connection with the organ recitals attended at tho Town Hall on Saturday to hear a programme of eight numbers. Of these tho fantasias on tho operas "Der Freischutz" aud " Norma" were amongst tho most successful, whilst M. Wiegand's own song without words, "The Gondola," and tho Pizzicato in E fiat of DelibeB were received with marked favor. The management has succeeded in getting an excellent combination together at the Opera House, and the increased attendance and enthusiastic applause on Saturday even ing were proofs that the New Lyric Com pany is surely coining to the front as caterers for public amusement. Tho pro gramme submitted was excellent in every particular and refined in detail, and every thing passed off smoothly. Eight new artists made their- first appearance, and each ono succeeded in scoring success straight away. With Johnny Cowan, Fred Dark, John Evans and Eugene Faust on the corners, and Murtyn Hagan as "our host," thero was an uninterrupted flow of merriment. Every item in the first part of tho bill was encored, and the com pliment was acknowledged. The Lyric- Company set tho ball a-roliing with the overture " Bric-a-brac." Mr. Harry Craig followed with the pretty ballad, "Hear tho Wild Winds Blow." Mr. W. Walluco was vory successful with his rendition of tho comic song " The Golden Bells." Miss Rae Cowan, who is always sure of a bumper reception, added, in her sweet way, "Tho Old Log Cabin." Eugene Faust rendered the comic " Kept Them All for Me." Mr. Fred. England contributed "Tho Village Blacksmith," doing the pretty ballad full justice. Jphn EvanR gave some- thingspecial in the song and dance line. Miss May Melville was loudly encored for the happy treatment of "Tho Wood Nymph's Call." Mr. Jake Friedman, tho Tyrolean warbler, contributed " Waiting," and Miss Mina Nimnio was very successful in her ballad, "A Stitch in Time." Johnny Cowan fetched the house with "Is It Likoly?" and responded to sovoral encores. Mr. J. R. Wadley was heard at his best in the pretty ballad " With all her Faults," and Part I. was brought to a con clusion by Mr. John Tudor, who rendered "Tho Great Man from Ireland." In the second part Mr. Slade Murray sang "Tho 7th Royal Fusiliers," and responding to a double encoro added " Good-bye " and "Come Down and Open the Door." Coining to the footlights in rcsponso to a further recall ho thanked the public for their attendance, and expressed his satisfaction at tho size of tho house. I-Ie intended to deserve success, and announced that no opportunity would be lost in making the Opera House the home of. a really first-class entertainment, equal to any in Sydney. He had every hopo that in a very short tunc ho would have the coinfortablo little theatre packed as it had been in days gono by. Fresh talent would be introduced every week, and everything would bo done to keep the Lyric Company fully abreast of the times. His fow remarks wero met with hearty applause. Professor Benjamin gave a clever aud instructive exhibition in olub Bwinging, and Air. Frank Williams made his firBt appearance in his marvellous posturing nctB entitled "Segmania." Mr. Martyn Hagan, a favorite of longstanding, added ono more to his successes by singing " Mollio and I and tho Baby" and "Tim O'Grady's Goat." Messrs. John 'I'lidor and Jalto Friedman put in a happy fow minutes with their original pastime, "Snapps." Miss Addie Towers contributed a pretty little ditty, and ehdod up with an artistic dance. Mr. John Evans wa3 recalled for his amazing American Baud dance. The Misses Beanvell and Delavere went through their " Espnnola" dance with great success, and Mr. Will Wallace got off his "negroe- istio offusions" with tho most complete succoas. The entertainment concluded with tho Bhort and tmmensely funny comody, "The Soldier's Return," in which tho characters were carefully interpreted by Air. John Tador, Miss Rae Cowan, Mr. Jako Friedman and Mr. Johnny Cowan. Tho wonderful triumph of tho painter's art to be seen inside tho Cyclornma con tinues to draw a deservedly largo number of patrons through tho turnstiles, If times nro doprossed tho Alhambra attendances do not show signs of diminu tion, which is probably accounted for by tho excellent programme nightly submitted. Saturday evening's show was no exception to the general rnio, the varioua artists being warmly upplauded throughout. Afr. Rignold's big success, "Man to Alan," attracted a crowded audience to Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday night. Tho progross of tho exciting drama and tho succession of sensational incidents which go to make up tho story of tho play wero followed with eager interest by tho house, and. tho vory great favor with which tho piece was regarded was shown in the enthusiastic applause which followed each fall of tho curtain. It is understood that when a change becomes necessary " Youth" will bo revived. For the Sydney Leidcrtafol concert, which is to take place on Wodnosday ovening next at tho Town Hall, a highly- interesting programme has been prepared. A special attraotion will' be provided in tho appearance of Miss Ada Crossloy, the fino Victorian contralto, who will sing Gounod's 'Tho Worker" and Sainton Dolby's "Out on tho Rocks." Airs, Ffrench will also sing, and an excellent selection of part songs and orchestral work will complete the pro gramme. At tho Gaiety on, Saturday there wero special attractions. Messrs Harvey, Queen and Stowe gave a wonderfully clever acrobatic exhibition, and their song and daDCo efforts were greatly appreciated. The sisters Anderson, tho sisters Barton and Miss Ettia Williams scored BuocesBos in the skirt-darictng line, their several perform ances being very graceful. Aliss Priscilla Verne, Bifiio Warner, Horace Bent >nd Will Stevens contributed largely to the successful character of the entertainment. Tho fighting kangaroo as usual proved, atriusing. The same programme will ran during tho week. Tho Tivoli Theatre was packed from pit to ceiling on Saturday evening when Air, Harry Rickards' company presented a magnificent programme. Messrs. Johnny Gilmore, Stevo AdBOn, Al. P. Bentlcy and W, J. Beattie discharged some first-class jbkes, and tho selections by the various members of the company were without ex ception well rendered. Mr. Harry Rickards scored a great hit in " The Bridge " seeno, and had to respond with three more songs in addition to "Over the Bridgo at Midnight." Tho "Ta-ra-ra Lament" brought down the house, tho company of dancers being vigorously re-called. A comic glove contest- between Johnny Gilmora . and Alaurice Bcntley concluded tho entertainment. The bill will be repeated during tho week, arid is worth going a long distauco to see. The complimentary benefit to Miss Edith Blende, which has been fixed for to-morrow afternoon at the Tivoli Theatre, promises to be a great and complete success. Certainly, the programme is ono of tho strongest' ever offered' to a matinee audience, and as Miss Blande is vory popular tho result of to morrow's performance should constitute a substantial tribute to tho talents of the boneficiaire. Mr. W-. H. Jude, who has been chris tened by an enthusiast " The Paganmi of tho Harmonium," will commence a brief series of musical entertainments to-night at the Y.M.C.A. Hall. For this evening a very attractive programme has been pre pared, including much of Mr. Jude's own work. 