AIMONGS'T THI'IE M? I[S ING. (Argosy.) This being the state of affairs, it was not with feelings of unmixed pleasure that one morning at breakfast he re ceived a letter from a brother officer and read the following passage: SAnd now of all people in the world -or, to write more correctly, of all people believed to be out of the world -whom do )on suppose I saw yester day 1 None other than Arthur Carring. ton. You may imagine how astonished I was when'the poor fellow whom report had killed and buried some months ago greeted me with a hearty shake of the hand, which testified conclusively to my doubting senses that he was no ghost but veritable flesh and blond. He seems to have had a very narrow escape, and looks a bit thin and pale, with a slight gash over his eye from a French sabre; he fell when first we charged, lay for dead in the enemy's lines, and had a horrible night of it. Strange to say, he never lost consciousness, though he was ridden over by the Prussian cavalry and very roughly treated by the would be looters. At last, by means of promising a heavy reward, he pre wailed on a peasant who searched him for coin, and was grievously disap pointed at finding his amiable designs had already been forestalled, to carry him to his cottage, where be lay at death's door for six or seven weeks ; but the peasant and his wife, up. parently a very decent couple when their avarice could side with their humanity, managed to pull him through with the help of a local apothecary, and Carrington left for Brussels with the blessing of the worthy couple. Then he made his way to England and London, reported himself at head quarters and came across me at the club: Maior Ashby read this wholly unex pected news, and instinctively glanced at Miss Maitland. Why, my dear Ashby, said old Sir Robert - quite the contrary. Yet, thought he to himself, it might turn out very bad news for me, and again he looked at Miss Maitland. Breakfast over, Major Ashby lit a cigar and strolled by himself on the terrace. This dead man turning up like a bad penny is exceedingly awkward, he thought, and may play the deuce with my prospects of marrying Alice Mait land. There is no doubt that she is very fond of him; she's been dreadfully cut up about his death, and just as 1 was making way in her good graces, it's uncommonly hard that those wretched peasants should have saved him and let him come back to England to spoil sport. And the Major puffed vigorously at his cigar and walked up and down the terrace as he meditated on the best course to pursue in view of the return of his rival. Alice did not yet know but that her lover was really killed (and under six feet of earth in the plain of Waterloo), but that she would long remain in ignorance of the real state of affairs was most unlikely. At all events, he would not be the bearer of the news; of that he was determined. All's fair in love and war, and as the cigar burnt lger.J%,e tame to _the conclusion that time, but propose for her hand that very day and trust to a successful issue. Evidently fortune favored him, for just as he had made up his mind to risk all on an immediate proposal at the very first opportunity, the fair cause of his heart-burnings stepped out of the French window on to the terrace, basket in hand, armed with thick gloves and a pair of scissors, as pretty a flower- seeker as one could well wish to see. Here was his opportunity all unsought. Fully equipped for an expedition among the flowers, I see, said the Major, flinging away the stump of his cigar. Yes, she said, among the wild flowers this morning. And may I be my lady's escort I said he. You may, she laughed: and, like a faithful knight, you shall carry the basket. There had been a heavy fall of dew in the night asd every blade of grass glistened in the sunshine. A mist overhang the horizon and gave promise of a hot day, and every lazy drone of the Leea, the languid cw of the rooks, and the distant voices of reapers in a neighbouring field came softly through the air. As the Major walked across the lawn towards the meadow beyond, and talked to the pretty girl at his aide., he felt as if Nature smniled upon his love, and tihe sweet hope of pos session came over him, while the serpent which lurked in his paradise, in thie shape of tile unwelcome letter, was carefully hidden away in the breast-pocket of his coat. N,,w it happened on this same lovely morni.g that Arthur Carringtoo was travelling from London to his home in Gloucestershire, not far from Maitland Court The beauty of thescerery had I no pleasing in?qence upon him, foa as he drove along.the well-known road, hbe thought of his blighted oeve, and at hundred times he-cursed the French man who had done his work so ill, and left him life to reioember the bitterness of hiis disappointed passion. Then he i would upbraid himself for his in gra i:tute to the Providence which had preserved him, and vow to think no o morle of the girl who had rejected him, i but face his future like a man, is exchange into an Indian regiment, and never see Alice Mlaitland again. ti Bat alhen the post chase drew up at c the Maitland Arms, and thie postillion got down to water the horses and re- I fresh himself with a copious draught of ale, C;arrington felt a great desire to go and sete lthe house where hie had first di met his fate, and the garden where hie e had walked with her in the old days, " seemiiglyso long ago, before hie wcent abroad, and before that unlucky night or at the Brussel's-ball. Perhaps, unseen hinmsaelf, lie might even catch a glimpse of his beloved-see her for the last time. Prudence told him it was a fool's errand, but Prudence spoke u, unheeded. v Leaving word that hlie would return of in half-an-hour, hlie took a path which m led through mneadow land and corn-field P" in the direction of Maitland Court. d Just as he was nearing thie highway be which divided the fields from the park s1 his heart beat quickly, for he heard St well-known voices, and had just time to stand in the shelter of the hedge he w-hesAlic Maitland and Major Asbhy, ad in earnest conversation, came down ,the road and leant against the dividing style. They were so intent in con versation that they did not notice him, where he stood, not daring to move. To see her thus, with his successful rival, was galling indeed ; Carrington set his teeth, and hoped they would pass on down the road. He scarcely heard what they were saying, Eo dazed was he with the unwelcome sight, but he heard her speak his name, and held his breath, and could but listen. Yes, said the Major, speaking very earnestly, you loved him; but that is past ; and now that he is eead, it is all different. Surely you will not sacrifice the living for the dead I Do you think, she said, speaking very slowly, and with evident effort, that-that there is no chance that he is-is not dead I He is only reported amongst-the missing. It seemed so hard to speak out her impossible, but fondly-cherished hope, only to be shattered by the sceptical common-sense of another. For a moment the Major hesitated. It was one thing to conceal the news of a rival's safety, another to deliberately state that he believed him to be dead. She looked up at him with such an eager look in her eyes, that the Major feeling how little she cared for him in comparison with love for Carrington fiercely resolved she should be his at any cost, and flung all scruples to the wind. It is useless to deceive you with false hopes, he said. There can be no possible doubt but that Arthur Carrington was killed-if not we should have had news of him by now. Carrington could contain himself no longer; every pulse in his body seemed to be throbbing with the exquisite thought that she loved- him. Not so dead as you think, Ashby, he exclaimed, stepping inte the open from out the shadow of the hedge. Alice gave a little cry-all joy, all wonderment; and would have fallen, but that Arthur" caught her in his arms. I am delighted to have been mis taken, retorted Ashby bravely; but, needless to say, the gallant Major did not look it. 