Was It a Ghost They SawP Mrs. II. H. Jennings lives atNo. 211, Muin street,. Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards' with her. Tlio house isan.old one, but in good ordpr. One night, early in December (1801) tho two womoh looked all the doors and went to ,thp theatre, leaving not: soul in tlio liouso. They loft tho gas burning, hofi-ovor,. in the front parlour 3>.t about .hulf-pnst 11 tlioy returnod, urnl entered the houso lauglung and talking. 'But as thoy went into tho parlour tho merry humour diod out of them in a second. Bight iu tho middle of tho mom stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his fuco wub concealed by a musk, his oyes glouming through the oyeholosin it. . Ilia shirt sloovcs were rolled up, and in one hand ho carried a long, old- fashioned pistol. Tho women fled screaming from tho room, and wlioa Mr. Joimiiigs enmo in five minutes Inter, ho found no one iu tho parlour and ull the doors mul windows securely looked. What was it tho women saw ? "During a recent period of iii iionUii," writes an American friond, " I had, slept badly for sovorul successive niglits. On tho fourth of thoao nights about 2 o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a dozo by what teemed Ufa ihr. eal/iiiff of my mime ; and 'at tho foot of tlio bed stood tlio imngo of my mother just as slio looked five years boforo, us she wus leaving lioma to go on a journey, on which journoy she was killed in a. railway disastor. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish, enough to tell of it, and tlio local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never got, ;Woll. Yot I 'did', iin'd am hi perfect health now.' I boliove that vision came of my weak nerves, for I'vo nover seen it since, and it's. more, than./ three years ago now.". . ' V "" ' , . No doubt ili'was 'the nerves. Why, there's no ond to tho tricks the nerves will play off on you whon your system is out of condition. In, March, 1800, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of. Darracottroad,' Pokosdown, Hants, wroto as follows: '! I teas so d-eadfully nervous I could jot hear imyohii in' tho room with mo, yot'I did not wish them fur away in case I. should call outforliolp. This was in Juno, 1880, I slept very badly, and in the moruing folt littlo tho better for having gone to bed. There was often n sovoro pain in my head and over my eves, and I was sick most of the time: My- ski)) was dry and yoliow, and the stomaob and bowols felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless to bed. Tho doctor said ho didn't know, what my oomplaint wus. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain oven that on my stomach. By this timo I was nothing but skin and bono. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my sensos, and my friends agreed thnfc I would nevor get bettor. " I had given up niiliope, whon one day Mrs, West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. Site told mo sho was herself onco just uh badly off, nhd was cured .by Mother Solgel's Curative Syrup.- As ehe soomcd to havo so muoh faith in. this mcdioine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk aoross tho room, and by . the end of tho week I went down- stairs.. Now I am ns woll as bvoy. I can eat nhd digest my food, and all my norvousnoes hasleftmo." . Tho malady Mrs. Foster suffered frpm was indigostion and dyspepsia and norvous prostra tion. Tlio original onuse was grief and. shock ' at the violont death of libr husband, by aodidont, and tho'systoni rallied only wlion tho syrup had glvon now vigour' to tho digestion und thus fod and toned tho nerves : , Whatovormny he your opinion of the Bridge port ghost. it.romains truo that most uuounny' visions uud sounds wean nothing moro or less thuna sot of norvos all upset by indigestion ano dyppopeia. Ghosts eomo from tho luside of thd person who . sees thorn, and when .Mother Soigel's Syrup does its work tho eyes and' ears entertain only what is natural and wbolesomo, 