moyelist. The Rajah's Vengeance. A STORY OF INDIA- » 0 » &y; FREDERICK M. DEY. CHAPTER in.- -CoHrixcED. While seemingly frank and confident with mo, tbcro were eomo points upon which ho wan ex tremely reticent. He told mo that he belonged to 'ouo of tho Rsjnootran sectB, and was allied to tho house of a powerful Rajah who only remained friendly with tho British rale so long as it left him uudisturhod in his own possessions, The Rajah Nahmanha was a diroct descendant of a long line of princes, and, according to Simrha's description, wee marvellously rich, proud as liucifer, arrogant and cruel. His domain was of large oztont, and was situated in tho district ' known sb Odoyporo. ' Can you tell me,' I asked of Simrha, 1 if you hare ever known of a Hindoo princo called Havana ?' ' Yes, sahib, ' ho replied. The Rajah Ravana Was the fathor of tho Rajah Nuhtnanda.' It was only my strong solf-coutrol and power to suppress sudden emotions which prevented mo from leaping to my feet with a cry of joy. As it Was, I started a littlo, for tho answer he had given told mo that, through somo strange ciraamstance, X bad engaged as my sorvsnt one who was already oonneoted with . tho household of the very Rajah ' to whom I must look for the information I sought an behalf of Cogswell's request. It was thon 1 began to question Simrha, and . -ound him so extremely reticent and so loth to . give mo any details regarding tho things I most wished to know. i- On tho fourth day of our trip I resolved that I would be, in a measure, frank with him, andth'ns \- ascertain if it were possible to porsuado him to tell me mare concerning the Rajah's immediate surroundings. ' Simrha,' I said, quietly, ' I, too, am going to India.' To India ?' he oried. '»Yeu,' I continued ; ' and am so well pleasod with you and your sorvices that it you desire it you may continue with me— on ono condi tion.' ' Yes, sahib ?' 'The condition is you remain in my service during tho time I em in your country, and give Jau what aid you can iu an undertaking which I Sin determined to accomplish.' i He was silent for several momonts. ' If the sahib does not intend to remain long, and will not visit Odoyporo during his stay, I will jreadily consent to the first part of tho condition,' tie aald, finally. 'Bat it is to Odoyporo that I moat desire to go.' 'In that caso, sahib, I cannot remain in your tervico,' ' Why not?' , 1 Because 1 belong to the household of the Rajah Nahinauda.' . 1 In what capacity do you serve him?' 4 That which ia your country you would term eemtary.' ' But can you not sooare bis consent to my plan? jJC-aoked. - | 'Impossible, sahib ?' The tono iu which ho answered mo was so de cided that I plainly saw thofutllity of arguing with |iim further. , 'Will you tell ms of his household?' I Itskcil. ; ' What more do you desire to know fahih?' ' Hos he any family ? Would he entertain me iota low days at his palace V ' He would not refuso you If you applied to him, sahib; hut, if you will allow mo to advleo you, do tiot go thore.' ' Why, Simrha ?' Tho, Rajah kuo ws you.' 4 Knows me 1' I cried mi wonder. Yes. eabib. That ia, be will know you by the lime you reaoh hia palaco, and bo will suspect the cause of your visit.' ltut my visit hat no cause beyond a natural curiosity! I returned. 'Pardon me, sahib, but it has. You were for many years tho confidential friend of Sahib Reu- bea Cogswell, who ie now dead, and the Bajsb will aspect that it if upon bis affairs that you make thovisit.' ' I was astounded. ' Who aro you, Simrba ?' I cried. 'And how do you know these things ?' 'I am.Simrhs, a Hindoo,' lib replied, calmly, ' and I knew whereof I speak, bocauso it becamo any duty to know all that concerned tho Sahib ' jtonben Cogswell when I left India.' . ' Then you ware sent hero by tho Rajah ?' 'Iwws, aahlb.' 1 'In company »ith another?' i He bowed so affirmative. ' How long ago, Simrha?' , -'Two yean.' . . 1 Did yoa sao tho old man beforo he died !'\ : I dbd, sahio, bat ho did not see me.' Ah I ' I vidtel bis boose many times/ let eon- rfinued. 'WithoaS his knowledge?' l ' Wiihoas hU knowledge.' 1 V-w wV«v pnrp«ss ?. ' For tho pi rp.-se of serving myr master.' ' Simrha,' I aald, slowly aud impressively, / if you will tell me all you know— and that yoti think would interest me, I wlll; pay you' well for it."'1'! will make you rich.' ; ' If the sahib should give mo all the wdslth of tho Rajah Kalimanda,' he replied, ' it would be useloas for me to apeak, .oven though I were wil ling." 'Why?' ' Because I should ho killed.' 'By whom?' ' By tlioso who watch me day and night., 1 Are thoro spies aboard this ship ?' : ' Ay. Bahih, and in this very apartment.' I glanced quickly around, hut the Hindoo only smiled. ' Thoy cannot bo seen,' he said, ' and yet they aro hero. Sea ! I will leave tho apartment and go upon deck, While I am gone, if, you will recall tho fuco of tho Sahib Cogswell to your mind, and then speak to it exactly as you would speak to him where he really here, I will return aud toll you what you said aud what ho answered, ' What he answered !' ' Yes, Bahib, for ho will anowor you.' Without another word ho turned and left mo, while seating myself on the edgo of my bunk, 1 fell to picturing Cogswoll's face upon my memory. Almost immediately I felt a strange sensation in my head, as if bands of stretched rubber were bound around it ; my oyee grew heavy and 1 closod thorn, hut not. in Bleep; only bcoauee i' 'corned an effort to keep them open. Suddonly a very familiar volco broke < In upon mo. 'What is it, John?' it Bald; and looking up quickly, although my eyes atUl felt as if thoy were closed, I beheld Reuben Cogswell Btsnding before me. Ho looked just as I had seen him in my in. explicable dream tho night whan I obtained the signatures; and as then his presence did not seem to need an explanation to my mind. It appoarod for tho moment porfectly natural that ho shoald bo thero, 'Who ie this Hindoo travelling with me ?' I asked. ' A peculiar person,' he replied. He is subtle keen, and powerful in his knotvlodge and com mand of tho occult scionccs of India.' 'Ho knows much of our affairs,' I said slowly aud meditativoly. ' Ho knows nearly all,' replied tho old man, ' What he does not know and what ho is deter mined to find oat is the precise xoason for your voyage to his country.' ' How shall 1 ha ablo to prevail upon him to work for mo in this matter of carrying out your wishes? His familiarity with all the phosoa of Hindoo life would ho invalunblo to me.' ' Ay, John, so it would, but you must be carafnl. I behevu Simrha to bo faithful, and possibly, if you wero frank and open with bim, it might not bo amiss. Regarding that, however, you must judg6 for yourself, as I am unable to advise you.' Old Roubon's face wib becoming indistinct, and as it did so my mind scorned to work with mora freedom, for suddenly a new thought occurred to mo. 1 Wait !' 1 cried. ' One more question.' ' What ie it ?' Shall I find your descendant in India? Have you one there ?' Was it fancy, or did tho face before mo relax into a smile as I asked tho question ? I could not determine, for the foatures were growing fainter and faintor to my vision. As though in tho distance I heard his voioe re ply to my question : ' Ay, I havo ono, John, and it depends entirely upon yourself to find hor.' ' Her !' I cried, but ho had gono. Ihe fam iliac old face bad fadod from view, and I was left nlono. I rubbed my eyes vigorously, and thon with an effort oponcd them to find myself still sitting upon lho edgo of my bunk in tho state-room with every thing tlmt bad occurred engravon forcibly upon my mind. With a strange feoling of wonder and awe, I looked around me. ' Is my mind losing its balance ?' I askod my. &clf;, ' Am I subject to fits of abstractedness in which I have those strange end reslistio visions, dreams, in which I see ghosts ? Pshaw 1 Non- sonso 1 And yet j At this instant tho door openod, and Simrha ap peared standing in the entrance. There was » peculiar smilo upon his face liko that of ono who was satisfied and ploasod, and yot with tho oppressod, tight feeling which was still hovering about mo, I fancied there was something triumphant in his glsnco also. ' Shall I enter, Bahib ?' ho inquired, respectfully; and as I nodded he cams in and closed tho door behind bim. ' Shall I speak nnd toll tho saliib what has transpired ?' — See Picture No. 6. — he asked ; and I wondering, it he indeod know, and yet, dreading to share tho knowlodgo with him, hesi tated. My curiosity was too much for me, however, and tho strange smile which stUl lingered about tho Hindoo's eyes scorned to nrge me on. ' Yes,' speak I' I sr.ld. Tell me all yoa know — all, or leave my employ!1 CHAPTER IV. tiib Hindoo's wajiKiwa, Simrha eoatcd himself npon a ohair near tho door, and slowly repeated tho questions and answers, each and all, wbiah had passed between Reuben Cogswell and myself during my strango dream, for I could explain my late experlenoe no other way. Whon ho bad finished, I sprang to my feet In anger.' , ' Go on/ 1 criod. ' Toll me all, for thoro is still much to tell. You, who prevailed on me to en gage you as my servant, because yon were in want, havo by somo infernal means obtained possession of all the secrets I would bare kept, even from Hosven, , bad I the power ; and now, I swear that you ihsll never leave .'this room alive until you have answered every question whioh I shall ask.' ' " I held in my .band .'a revolver, the hammer raised, and thomuzzle pointing straight at his head, but, notwithstanding my attitude and the danger which seemed to menace him, he did not move. ' I«t the sahib ask the question before he shoots/, said he, calmly. ; 'Do yon knowthe dasoandant <-this Rouben CogBWull?' ' " " ' ' . ' Who, whore, and what la the person?.' ' She is n grand-niece of ths Rajah .Nahmanha, and rosldes in his palace In Odoyporo.' What is eho? A truo daughter of Vishnu, and I, enhtb, am her slave.' I lowered my weapon, and in a- moment more ho continued: ' Dot the sahib Utton/ ho said, yrlth a dignity that Impressed me, and let him take heed. During tho night before he left his native place a doable crime was committed, with tbe com mission of whioh he was accused. Being csot Into prison, an unlmown friend released him, and ho escaped.' I was by this tlmo walking back and forth In the little room, too mnoh agitated to allow myself to speak; but in my hand I still carried the revol- lor, and in my mind many schemes arose for rid ding myself d'f this unpleasant confidant, I did not interrupt him, however. I Von are bound tor the East on a most danger ous mission,' he said, and your path will be beset with troachory and danger continually. Whon you least expect it death will, etare you in tbe face. When apparently in tha greatest security, perils subtle and suddon will stand on either hand. Sleeping, welting, in company or in lolttade, a danger mightier than the sword of Damooles will hang ovor you, euspondod hy the tiniest web the spider spins. And bo long as tho Rajah Nnb- msuhs lives your peril will continue, until it ends with your death, unless yon aro prepared to torn back from your present intentions and forsake all farther efiort to find the heir of Reuben Cogs well." ' Novor !' I cried.'; ? . . Again that faint smile, like the flitting of a phantom, passed across hie face. I I have not done,' he continued, ' for I knew before I spoke that yon would not turn back. Thore is, Sahib, a brighter side, for a friend — tha friend who liberated you from prison— will watch -over you constantly, and when dangers threaten and tho Bword is about to fall you will be sure to be warned. How cannot be told, but lot it not matter how tho warning comes heed it ; no mat ter how many thore are, hood them all; or ' you will die.' 1 Who is this friend ?' I asked, pausing abruptly in my restless pacing to and fro ; ' and, Simrha, who are you? Not a servant, enroly 1' ' Yes, sabib, your servant. Listen ; you shall know all that can ha told. With that yon must bo satisfied, for nothing more can he revealed at present. ' When your enemies find that you escape them and still live, thoy will resort to apparent warn ing to lead you into danger; hut heed thorn not. You will always know the messages of your frlond by the word " Nurha," cither spoken or written.' Why do you tell me this?' I asked." To frighten me ? If that it jour reason, Simrba,you will not succeod. 'No more questions can bo answered, eabib. Of all that yon havo boon told toko heed, for the truth has been spoken. I dooeived yon In order to onter your service, bat that was dono for the pnrposo of this intoryiow. Yon could not bo spoken to until we wero on the water. Now that the words are spoken, wo mnet part. Remember, eabib, all that you havo heard, and if you hoed tho warning we shall moot again : if not, you will fall ; and, if oven you had a hundred lives re- given you, ono after another, yon would Btill be- dead.' Turning abruptly, ho ro-oponed tho door, and loft mo, whilo I, seating mysolf once more upon tbo edgo of tho bunk, leaned my head upon my hands, and pondered over tho strango wards I had juBt beard. Was I, then, in suoh great danger constantly ? Was the Hindoo Rijah so powerful that bis influ ence extended into foreign lands, threatening people's lives? Bah! The idea was preposte rous. And yet, how had Simrha known ao much of my affairs ? How was ho to know that I was in any way conaooted with tho affaire of Reubon Cogswell? Nay, morel How had be become possessed of his intimate knowledge regarding tho circumstances whioh had hastened my departure for tho Ens Tiiore was only ono answer to the many ques tions which crowded through my brain, and that was in verification of his statement that tbe agents of the IUjsh wero upon evory hand, watchful, subtle— ayo, and fatal too. But why had ho warnod me ? Why had ho soleoted mo out of the ohaos of Hindoo hatred to ho watohod over and finally saved as he had intl- mated? V.'si it only to lead tsu into greater daugors ? Was it part of tho treachery to which ho referred ? or did there exist some motivo of whioh 1 had no conception for his friendliness to wards ms ? Alas ! thero was no answer to that I ' Stop I' I exclaimed, hurriedly. 'I will go on deck and find him, question him further, and force him to toll me more. Without thinkiug twice, 1 loft the etatoroom for tho deck, on reaching which, however, not a sign of Simrha could bs soon anywhere among the paiseugcrs, although I walked baok and forth, eagerly looking for him, At last, feeling that to continue my search un aided would bo fruitless, 1 spoke to the chief officer, and explained to him my wish to find my servant, ' Oh, yos,' he said, ' remember him perfeotly— a etrango-looking fellow, 'with big black eyes. An East Indian— oh ? 1 thought eo. He spoke to mo hero on dock less thau an hour ago. Lost him — eh? Well, he is oomowhoro aboard ship. I will swear to that.' Calliug tho pursuer to his aid, wo three resumed the Besrch but after occupying an hour iu fruitless cndearourB to find him, wo mot again. ' He couldn't leave the ship very well, unless he went overboard/ said the officer, ' and be could not very w.-lldo that In daylight without my hair ing of it, Tills thing is vary poculisr, and 1 will flud bim if 1 have torausack the ship from stem to'steru.' WjJ/fegan with tho steerage, evory one of the passengers iu that part of the vessel being com- pollod to pass in review before db, We went down into the hold, where stowaways secret thorn selves. We looked among tho stokers iu the boiler-rooms, lnfqot, not a portion of tho ship -where a man could by any possibility havo heoratod himself was left unexamined. Simrha had disappaared. - The entire ship, crow and passengers alike, bo- come interested in tha strange and inexplicable event, and felt that he must be found j but as the day ware on, and still my Hindoo servant was mis sing, I gave him up. \ 'He must have gone overboard/ said the chief ofilcor to me, when the search was completed, ' for 1 am positive that ho ls not aboard tho ves sel now.' And so thought 1, and although 1 could not be lieve that ho had voluntarily thrown himeolf into the sea, lconcludod that , In attempting to conceal himself be had somehow fallen overboard and been lost.' On the following day q now excitement of some kind aroee, and my missing servant was forgotten, until almost night, when the ohief officer, followed by tbe steward, eppreaobed me aa l smoked my eigar on the deck. 'The steward tells me n strange story/isid the officer, ' and 1 have asked niui v» repeat it.?! yon. if. after you bare 'hoard' it; you would llki to lisvo tha ship gone over again; it .'shall bo don .. although 1 think it useless, and thb steward'? story nothing but imagination.' .' Let ma hear it," Isold. ' He said that half an hour before bs was put ting, away soma glasses in their proper places, and had occasion to atop into a back pantry, ' where ho kept sovoral kinds of dainty food. &c;, Ho opened the door suddonly, and was frightened nearly oat of his wits hy the .sight that met his gaze. . Standing at tha tarthor end of the pantry, with a glass of wine at his Upa; was tho figure .of my Hindoo servant Bimrlia. : Ths Bteward quickly recovered his wits, how- ever, and ctyliig, 'Aha, 1 have caught you; havo 1 1 sprang towards him with arms outstretched. But bo had not taken the second step before he came to a sudden atop, for the East Indian was.no longer thero. IIo had disappeared before the steward's eyes, and at the further end of a little closot-llke room, from which thero was absolutely no moanB of escape, except by passing through tha door behind tho indignant Bteward. Tho man rubbed bis eyes, thinking that soma- thing blurred his vision, but the Hindoo had van- . ished like the flame of a lamp whan quickly snuffed out. . . The second look eatisflod him that ha was not mistaken, while on the other hand he wasasposi tive that the strange man had been there -when he first entered. v , . Thoroughly frightened, _ ho tarnod and fled from the placo,. convinced that ho had seen a ghost, and going straight to the chief olficor, he had told the story which In turn was related to me. ' All imagination/ 1 say/ ejaoulatcd the officer ' but all the same, Mr. Mertoii (that was the nama. 1 had eausod to bs ontered in the. passenger list for. mine) we will make another search If you. say BO.' 'Lot us go Into pantry,' 1 replied. 'Had Simrha indued been there engaged iu drinking wine, there will besoms evidences of his presence there, surely.' ' Wo went together to the steward's pantry, and there, npon the littlo table at tha farther end was a half-empty bottle of claret and a glass, both of which the steward took his oath were not there whon bo had gone out of the place a couplo of hourB before, encountering in his way what he now thoroughly believed to be the phantom of Simrba. ' Ghosts don't drink wine and eat biscuits/ said the chief officer, ' and hero are crnmbs which show that somebody has been engaged in eating. What say you, Mr. Morton ?' 1 did not know what to say, feeling as though 1 was surrounded by uncanny shapes and iaex pllcable events, which somehow influenced me strangely. ' Let us make another search,' said 1, after a pause. This time it was made .with even more tho roughness than it had been betc.e, the differ ent parts of the vessel being examined simulta neously. The result, however, was tho same aa before, a after two hours had been consumed in the fruit- loss search for tho Hindoo, tho chief officer sought mo out again. ' It is usoless,' hs said ; ' the fellow is not aboard this ship — I am certain of that.' ' How, then, do you account for tho steward'a story ?' 1 asked. ' Superstition and Imagination/ he replied ; and ' ho turned away to attend to his duties. Whon 1 went down to my state-room it was with mlnglod feolings of superstitious dread and sceptical doubt m my mind. 1 could not shake off the tooling that 8imrba.waa somewhere aboard tho vessel, and caught myself looking earnestly into dark corners and obscure places, half expect ing to see him silently ahd;'complacently regarding mo with that peanliarly satisfied smilo of mingled indulgence, triumph, and fr.endlinoss upon hia swarthy face. I evon went so far as to pull 'aside tho curtains and peer under my bunk, as though expecting to see his gleaming and kindly oyes looking at me from among tho Ufo-proservera. Thus the limo wore away. Twica the steward - reported that articles wore missing from his pan try, but tho chief ofilcor charged the fact to the man's superstitious terror, saying sententiously, ' now tlmt Clark had soen one ghost he would be troubled. with thorn all his life.' We mado port at Liverpool soon after daylight in the morning, and 1 had requested to be notified at the carliost moment whon 1 could go ashore, audacordingly 1 was arousod by aloud rap ou my door just as darknoss was fleciug beforo the ad vance of tho sun. 1 i.iu.0 uiid rubbed mj ey«5 preparatory to urea- sing. Was it fancy, or was thoro something pinned to my coat, whoro it bang on its hook against tho bulkhead ? It was no fancy, but fact, and 1 seized the frag- mont of paper with trembling hands, and as 1 road a strango, creeping sonBatiou tinglod through my nervous system. There was an evidonce of the presence of Sim rha, for thore could bo no doubt that it was ho who intended to act as the mysterious friend who was to give mo timely warning of any approaohmg danger. Tbo note wbb written in tho Hindustani langu age, ana was as follows : ' Do not stop in London, Go immediately to Dover and .sen across tho Channel to France. When you reach Calais you will hear from Nurha again.' I hesitated. Now was tho timo for mo to dooide whothor or not I shoald follow tho advico thus given mo, for if 1 followed Hat all, It must bo to do so implicitly in bliudconfidonco and obedience. IIow had tho note been placad in my room while I slept ? Was Simrha . really allvo and aboard the ship ? It so, he must indeed be adroit (o successfully ovado tha man who hadwarehod for him so diligently through evory part of the vessel. . It was evident that 1 could 'not avoid him. Why, then, attempt it ? If ho wero indeod my friond, I (olt that my mission would succeed ; if my enemy, it would fail any way, for 1 could not osospe this strango man. ' I will obey I' 1 said aloud ; and then I sprang hurriedly around, for a voice behind me had re- ' plied almost Instantly : 'Nurha thauks you.' ' Who spoko ?' 1 oried ; but no one answered. A careful search satisfied ms that 1 was alone. 1 am boset with dovlU—or angels,' I muttered. ' or else 1 am going mad.' My toilet was completed in tho utmoot haste, and I left the ship without delay, making my way as rapidly as I oould to Dover, and thence aorosv tho Channel to Calais. . .. Nothing -ccurred worth remark daring the time . thus employed, and I resolved to remain in tho quaint old Frenoh town a fowdays for root aud to recover my mental '.equilibrium, which I felt was rather awry since the night wheat had completed, my bargain with-rwhom'?' With Prime and Hurley, or with their ghosts ? Ugh 1 At all events, I had completod the bargain. - With whom or what that /bargain had- really been completed could avail nothing now. - It was dono', and there was an bod of it-bso. far? ' - Four dayi passed in this way, and i bad decided to take my departure on tliq morning- of tbe flltb. Jb' 3 To ne Ooirrnrona. MR. -TAGSWORTHY'S." FAMILY" ; . V DISCIPLINE. / . 'Sir. .fAPswonwiy," Siiid the lieutt of tin Vamily, looking; up fipm liis easy nhnir ab hii! wife, "who was trying to q'uiub 'little Willie," 'you 'have no idea of liovv to manage children. Why, you're a perfect imbecile. ' You have no firmnbts— no system— always clving in whenever the youngster begins to blubber, and humouring nnd petting him." " Well, Harry , you know lie's only a baby yet— only 3 years old," said the tired, inothei wearily. " " Nonsense, Mrs. .Tagsworthy. The train, ing of children should begin from the very cradle. They should be mode to underetond that they must obey. That was the way my mother brought me up;" and Mr. Jags- worthy swelled with the proud oonsoiouenese that strict family discipline had evolved a very superior product indeed. " Now, listen to me," he went on. "I'm going to have things managed differently. I'll sliow you how children ought to be treuted. Willis !" " Yes, papa — boo-hoo-hos 1" " Stop that directly, or I'll give you some thing to crv for. D'ye hear ?" " Papa, T want a piece of o-a-a-ke, aw ma won't let me have it. Boo-hoo." " Why can't lie have a piece of- cake, Maria ?" said Jageworthy. " " Well, Harry, you know he's eaten three pieces already." "Three pieces? Of course he can't have any more. Now, stop crying at once/ Willie." " But I want some more ca-a-ake." ' "You can't have ib. Do you under stand!" . A prolonged yell was the only answer. " Now, I presume, Mrs. Jagsworthy, if you liad your way, you would give in at once, and let that ohild stuff and gorman dize until he made himself sick, just to avoid a little trouble. That .is .not my system. . Children must be treated with firmness, and made to obey instantly. Willie, stop cry ing, I toll you 1" Renewed roaring and inarticulate plead ing, in which the word " cake " was alone intelligible. " Now, Willie, if you don't stop this instant, you must leave the room." " A fresh outburst was the only reply. " Now, of oourso, Maria, you would lab him stay there and roar all night. You, no doubt, think it very cruel in me to insist on his obedience; but I will have it, Mrs. Jage worthy." So saying, he proceeded to carry out his determination (and the ohild), and deposited tho struggling youngster in the hallway. " Now, when you nre quiot, Willie, you may come back. Nothing like letting children see that you mean what you say, Maria." " He shut the door and resumed his paper for a few minutes, during which the yelling steadily continued. Finally he looked up with a somewhat subdued expression. " My dear," said ho, " do you think thore Is any danger that the boy will make himself siolt crying?" " I don't think so. He only needs a little ! firmness, you know," she said, sarcasti cally. He resumed his reading, holding the ;paper upside down for a couple of minutes longer. Tiion lie went to the door and eaid .softly : ! "Is Willie ready to be a good boy now ? " j " Boo-hoo- hoo, if you will give me a piece |of cake t " ; " Poor little fellow 1 Yes, he shall have a : piece of cake, he shall. And was ho very cold and lonely, little darling, out thore all alone by iiimsolf ? Come and sit on papa's kneo." Mrs. Jagsworthy said nothing, but looked >at hor husband and smiled quietly. " Don't snicker at ine, Marin. I know you are heartless enough to sit there and let the poor fellow cry himself to death, instead of trying to console him. Do you s'tippoeel have no nerves to be tortured by his ever lasting equalling? You havo just spoiled the boy by your miserable want of system. Firmness? Don't talk to mo of firmness I Do you suppose I can undo' in half an hour the barm you've done in all these years ? For heaven's sako, be quiet, Willie— cake? — certainly, anything there is in the house. Nioe sort of a pandemonium for a man to come home to. Whore's my hat? I'm going to the club." And he rushed off, slamming the door, and loft family discipline to take care of taelf. No 6. — ' Shall 1 speak end tell the sahib what has transpired ? ' asked Simrha. 