ANOTHER TRAP FOR BUNNY. A new scheme for the destruction of the predatory rabbit is thus spoken of in the Tatiara J Tail of Saturday last:—"The latest scheme we have heard of has been devised by Mr. J. 0. Looksley, the Nhili Electric Light ing Company's engineer, and appears to have several strong recommendations. Mr. Lockslejr has just taken out a patent for a vermin trap which appears to us to have quite a number'of distinct advantages. The idea is to make small paddocks along a wire-netting fence, such, for instance, as the one the 3Gth parallel or that on the South Australian border. The trap can then be placed in a panel of the fence and is so con structed as to afford an opening into the pad dock. A rabbit in going through the opening must go on to a board and immediately it does bo a shutter, worked by counter-poising weights, falls, closes up the entrance, and im prisons " bunny." As soon, however, as the rabbit leaves the board the weights draw the shutter up again and allows of the entrance of another rodent. Once inside the pad dock it is impossible for the rabbit to get out again, as directly it goes on to the board to pass through the opening the shutter falls and prevents egress. The invention, though simple, is ingenious, and. in badly-infested j localities would no doubt prove effective. The trap can be fitted into a wire-netting fence of any description and could be made use of in connection with au enclo sure in the vicinity of a waterhole or at any place where rabbits may be numerous. The trap, moreover, can also be used for catching wild dogs, &c.;, and apart from the simplicity of its principle its construction is anything but costly. It is Mr. Locksley's intention to have the trap on exhibition at the Nhill show next Wednesday, wheu farmers and others will have an opportunity of inspecting it. We might add that in our opinion the invention is worthy i of the attention of members of vermin boards, i " Ghosts, or the fallacies that frighten anti reformers" is the title of a lecture to be given by the Rev. G. E. Wheaoley in the Albert Hall to-night. A ladies' gymnastic display, being a demon stration by the pupils of Mies B. Lindsay, will take place in the Adelaide Town Hall on Saturday evening, October 21. A varied pro gramme has been arranged, and it will include the dancing of the waltz and gavotte from the Australian comic opera " Immomeena." 