Australasian Board of Missions, j PÜBHO MEETINIÏ IN WEST HAITIiAItD. On Monday evening a public meeting in connection with the Australasian Board of Missions was held in the School of Arts, West Maitland, when a lantern lecture illui trative of the operations of the work of the missions was given by the Rev. Cecil King, brother of the Rev. Copeland King, who accompanied the Rev. A. A. Maclaren to start the New Guinea mission, and who owing to the death of the last named gentleman has had the management of the above mission forced upon him. ' The attendance was not so large as might have been expected, doubt- less owing to a variety of causes. The Right Rev. Dr. Stanton, Bishop of Newcastle, pre- sided. The following clergy were also pre- sent:-The Ven. Archdeacon Tyrrell, the Revs, John Shaw, B A. Anderson, W. Mar- tin, W- K. Colyer, J. Vosper, and P. J. Simpson. The latter gentleman operated the lantern. Proceedings commenced with the singing of the hymn-" Jesus «hall reign," the words of which were thrown on the screen by means oi the magic lantern, after which the Bishop offered prayer. The BISHOP said the operations of the Aus- tralasian Board of Missions wera of peculiar interest to them as Australians, who had the obligation cast upon them to carry them out. They were carried on among the natives of Australia, and among others who by reason of their proximity to them or the performance of certain domestic dnties were brought into contact with them, such as the Chinese scat- tered throughout the colony, the kanakas in the sugar fields of Northern Queensland, the pearl divers, and such like ; and also in New Guinea, which was in charge of the brother of the lecturer, the Rev. Copeland King, who accompanied the Rev. Mr. Maclaren to that mission, and when Mr. Maclaren fell, was left in charge of it. Mr. King was therefore qualified to give them the latest particulars of the work there, and would be able ti keep their attention. The Rev. Mr. KING then by a large number of views thrown upon the sheet entered into a statement of what was being done by the Australasian Board of Missions. By means of a religious population diagram he showed that out of a population of 1470 mil- lions in the world there were 874 mil- lions of heathen, independent of Moham- medans, so that there were yet two-thirds of the population of the earth to be nominally converted to Christianity. They would thus at once see the need for missions. It had been estimated that in eight or nine years the Gospel would be preached in every village throughout the world. A map of Australia with the unexplored portions marked white was shown. They might reason- ably expect that there were many tribes of aboriginals living in those portions of their j land. The position of the Bellenden Ker mission station was pointed out in the Gulf country, with Cairns as the seaport. There are other small missions as at Warrangesda, another small one in Victoria, «fee. ; but the chief mission to the aborigines was at Bellenden Ker. It was | founded by the Rev. Mr. Gribble, who had i lately died, and was now carried on by Mr. Ernest Gribble and a friend. I Mrs. Gribble and her three youngest children were now on their way to the station to devote their lives to the blacks, who in the past had been almost fiendishly treated by the white people. He asked them to pray for the Gribbles, Types of the aboriginals were put on the screen, the man- ner in whioh they cut themselves on back and breast, and how proud they were of the scars which denoted the tribe and family to which they belonged, were shown, and the lecturer put it that if these people would undergo the pain of producing the signs of their tribes and families, and be proud of them, onght those who belonged to the family of Christ be ashamed to bear in their bodies the marks of the Lord Jesus. Various views of of aboriginals were shown in their native camps, in camps in a half cirilised state : the buildings on the station, and finally of the condition of the natives at the station. The mission was noted for the work being carried on at the smallest expense ; it costing very little a vear to maintain it. Then taking his hearers to New Guinea, a map of the island was shown, the way it was divided among the British, German, and Dutch nations, and the division of the former portion among the Church of Eogland, the London Missionary Society, and Wesleyan Missions, which apportion- ment had been made after conference by the Revs. Messrs. Lawes, Chalmers, and Maclaren, and Sir William Macgregor. The picture of the mission vessel Albert Maclaren wae received with applause. The portrait of a native who had been of great assist- ance to the cause was shown, and also the position of the mission station at Wamila. In the last letter from Mr. King he described a meeting of the natives there about building a church. He said to them " What will be said by Amana Alaberti's friends in the Dim Dim conntry, when I tell them that you Amana Alaberti's friends here, have not built a church yet." They made excuses for not commencing, but after- wards said they would begin the next day. To show the difficulty in getting suitable timber he said two men had to climb a moun- tain 2500 feet high, and then they only got two pieces suitable for the building. However, the church was commenced, and he supposed was finished before now. There were now three churches, another being at Wedau, the third, the first one built at Taupota, where Mr. Kennedy lives. Various photographs of natives, the different mission buildings, &c;, were shown and described, and a civilised native who had been under the influence of the traders for years, was contrasted with a boy who had been under the mission influence for only a short time. The main mission building was a large house with a chapel in the centre, apartments on each Bide the entrance for the missionaries, and a large kitchen with wide verandah round it, the whole built on piles off the ground. It cost £1500. The present head of the mission, the Bev. Copeland King, was shown by pho- tograph, and his labours and difficulties were dwelt upon. He had gone out to act under the instructions of Mr. Maclaren, and when the latter died, though he did not wish it, the Primate had urged him to remain to carry on the work, and he had consented to do so for a time. In his letters, Mr. King said the more he came to understand the language and the manners and ways of the people the more debased and de* graded be found them. The last view was a life-like photograph of the Bev. A. A. Maclaren, which was received with evident signs of approval. The lecturer said it was an old saying-"The blood of the martyrs is the seed of the church." It was thought that the death of Mr. Mudaren would at once be responded to by a desire to fill up the gap caused by his death, and he asked why had that not happened. Was it that the cause and the man was not known enough ? But np to the present none had come forward to AU the gap caused by his death nearly two yearB ago. The mission was one especially for the people of Australia. It was their Samaria. Their Lord told His disciples to preach first in Jerusalem, then Jadea, then they were to go to Samaria. While they should send their missions to the Chinese, to Africa, to India, they ought certainly to go to their acquaintances and neighbours and the heathen on their own shores. If they did not send to the former, England would ; bat if they did not attend to their own aborigines and neighbours who else would ? Mr. King said they had places for at least six clergymen or catechists, and as many native teachers as they could look after. There was a length of SOO miles of coast to attend to, and the staff they had at present was one clergyman, one labourer, and a car- penter and his wife, and two Christian kanakas. Surely they would receive help if this was known. They could help by their prayers and by their contributions. In the latter way they could contribute in two ways : by giving in their names as members of the Church Missionary Association, and con- tributing Is a month, when they would receive monthly notes of the progress of the work ; and by taking missionary boxes and having them filled and returned by Easter, when the accounts would be made up. The hymn " Prom Greenland's icy moun- tains" was then thrown upon the screen, and while it was being sung a collection was taken np. The BISHOP again reminded the audience that the mission was a purely Australian one, and would depend upon the people there. It would stand or fall entirely in proportion to the way they rose to the occasion or neglected it. He called upon other speakers to address the meeting. The Ven. Archdeacon TÏEEEH, drew atten- tion to the commands laid apon them to sup- port the missionary cause. There were the words of the Saviour-" Ye shall be witnesses for me to the uttermost parts of the earth." " Go ye and make disciples of all nations, baptising them in name of the Pather, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Every time they repeated the Lord's prayer, and used the words " Thy kingdom come "-which meant that the kingdom of heaven should be spread throughout the earth, was an acknow- ledgment made that missions had bean given into the hands of Christians. Had they done their best to carry them on ? Had each one of then done so P Pro- bably not one amongst them felt in his heart that he could become a missionary. But they knew that there were men who had done so, who had sacrificed their lives for Christ and his Gospel, and became martyrs. They knew the first meaning of martyr was witness, and they had borne witness with their lives. The Apostles were the firBt who had gone, then their successors had gone throughout the world, and they should assist alao. Though they could not hope to go per- sonally, they could assist by their funds, They would find it better than by spending them on luxuries, on pleasures or dress, on drinking or tobacco, or on gambling, which had been the ruin of many, and would bring to perdition a great many more. If they did count it a great blessing to live where the light of Christ's Gospel abotmds, they must desire to take that blessing to others. They had seen by the pictures what the missions had done, and if they were not supported by other countries they must ba by Australia. Let New South Wales, let Maitland do her part. They knew it waa a worthy cause. He knew people in that district who gave almost their lost shilling to help their neighbours. These were their neigh- bours, and let them help them, As on passing a bad of flowers, they received its perfume, or as a seed wafted from their shores and lodging on a sea-girt isle may grow by the influence o£ the dews and winds of heaven, so their exertions might bebleBied, and he urged their consideration, and the adoption of that great cause. The Bev. Jomr SHAW did not think he would have been known to have been in the room. He did not know what he was desired to say, and would have been better able to speak if the lantern views had been brighter. But at his Lordship's bidding he would say a few word«. He was quite sure this mis sionaty cause was a very worthy one, and ke wai lace of this that the cause wai one they i ought as far as they could individually tu maintain. He had followed the New Guinea mission with great interest. He had watched with extreme admiration the determination and resolution of the clergyman upon whom the whole weight of the mission had fallen, and whose brother had addressed them thatevening One of the old heathen writers had said that oae of the greatest sights to be witnessed by God and man was to see a man struggling valiantly against difficulties. There they saw a man of spirit, imbued with love for the soul* of men, struggling with great difficulties. He not only admired him, but also bis assistants, the laymen. He not only admired him and them, but most of all he admired that brave and heroic woman who was there, already a martyr to fever. Was any mau of spirit not roused to admiration at the sight of that woman there. New Gainea was a British possession ; in that far away land the people were the subjects of the Queen, and their fellow subjects. It was their duty to take to them the blessings of civilization, and what was of far more importance, the knowledge of the Saviour, and the saving grace of the Lord Jesus Christ. They had heard a great deal a few years ago of the Soudan, and no doubt some of them had seen their soldiers go and come back. Hundreds of their young men went out to help those of the same kindred ; but where were the men who would volunteer for this mission. He was nre it could not be properly known, or there would be many young men who would be ready to go. He had heard the other day of a minister of Maitland volunteering to go to the China mission. He hoped that might be the cause of infusing into some hearts the idea of volunteering for the New Guinea Mission. The missionary cause was progressing. As long as they held on and maintained it they progressed. In many parts of the world the missionary cause was progressing. It was in Central Africa, as shown by the letters of Bishop Tucker which the Times published. They ßhowed it was being conducted with knowledge and ability. The China and the African missions were showing out,!and he hoped it would be the the case in that new colony of theirs. He referred to the ridicule cast upon missions a few years ago by different writers, and of the change that had taken place in the estimation of them. When he arrived in Sydney he saw there some missionaries who were on furlough, and when he saw the ravages of the climate in their countenances, and the serious and sedate expression caused by the con* stant confronting of evil, he must confess he was a little ashamed of him* self. Though it had never been his lot to be a missionary, he had always admired them. He appealed to them to let what they had heard, and the scenes they had witnessed, inspire them to help, not only with their prayers, but with their means, the great cause of the Australasian Board of Missions, which was advocated that night. The Rev. E. A. ANDERSON was sure the views they had seen must inspire them with enthusiasm. This movement of the Austral- asian Board of Missions was a new one, and he did hope it would be a vigorous tree, and bear flowers and fruit richly. A great deal was being done in all parts of the world. They were now in the last years of this nine- teenth century, and great advances had been made in art, science, manufactures, and in the spread of knowledge; and m that ad- vance, the Anglo-Saxon race had done, and was doing, a great deal. They also knew that they had spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ wherever the flag of their great nation waved. They were very impatient men, were Englishmen; and so practical that they were always demanding results. Well, there were great open results from this movement, but even if there were not there were secret results. They should re- member that for 250 years, for nearly three centuries of that era, there were only a num- ber proportionate to one-twentieth of the Roman Empire Christians ; but in the fourth century they came in with a rush. They were waiting patiently. What a great deal had been done in that century. At the end of the last century they could point to any heathen country, and Bay the Gospel had not been taken there. Now they could point to almost every country and direction where the Gospel waB being spread. The work was still going on and it demanded their sympathy. They wanted to feel that they had some concern with it ; that the missionaries had their sympathy and their prayers. They had heard that night of the expedition to the Soudan. Did they not know how the people here followed their countrymen there : how the papers were read ; the geography of the North of Afrioa learned, and they became acquainted with all they could of the South of Egypt ? How they watched daily their doings as flashed to them through the cable, and how they sympathised with the suffering of any one of them. Should they not then follow these brave soldiers of the Cross into the foreign land? Should not their hearts go with them, learn the geography of the country, and watch the sufferings of these soldiers of the Cross ? They should take a personal and individual interest in this matter. Lord Cairns, a Lord Chancellor of England, and one of the best she possessed, had deigned to take missions under his fostering care. He said a great deal had been done, could be done, and ought to be done. In order to innpire an interest in the work, he said that in Belfast, which he represented at one period of his life, there was a little sweep who had been induced to attend a missionary meeting, and who put 2d in the plate, a no incon- siderable sum for a little sweep in the old country. Some time afterwards another meeting was held, and he prepared himself to attend. He washed his hands and his face and proceeded to the place. On the way he was met by a little mate, who asked him where he was going. He said to the missionary meet- ing. His mate asked him why he was going, and he replied, that he had a kind of partner- ship in the concern, and wished to hear how the business was getting along. He felt he had an interest in it. So he had to the extent of twopence. He wanted them all to feel that they had an interest in these missions not a sleeping partnership, but an active, living one. They would then be prepared to work for them, and more than that they would be working with the Lord Jesus Christ, whose will it was that the whole world should be saved. The BisHor in concluding the meeting, said he was sure that all felt it was well to be there. Through Mr. King and the placeB and the people he had shown them they had learned a great deal. With that and the earnest glowing words of the speakers their hearts had been warmed np to take a greater interajt in the work. May God bleis the words spoken, and they carry thiua to th -ir homes, and may He give His blessing in their more earnest service. The meeting concluded with the bene- diction. 