Keep Out of the Part Keep out of the past I for its highways Are damp with malarial gloom; ts gardens are sere, and ite forests aredfu, And evirywhere moulder .a tomb i. Who seeks to regain its lost pleaares Finds only a rose turded to ddst, And its etorehbuse of wonderful treaggr. is covered sad oated with rnut., Keep opt of the put, it is haunted, He who in its avenues ropes Shall.fid there te ghost ef loy prined the most, And a skeleton throngof dead hopbe. In place of its beautifl rivn Lie pools that er staguant with slime And thosegravegleaming brighta thephbi phorous light Cover dreams that werne lat lan their primp. Keep out o the put I itl lonely And barren and bleak to the viow, its lre have grown cold,'and Its storie an old, Tar, turn to the preset, the xut To.day leads you op to the hilt ps,, That aretiss b thi radlant To ho no tomball And today holds a price to be won. -Brro lak,+WMl x. Sw the hbiis Throu- h.-_....o vs 'o. Charley,*'uid one trayeler.to asofhser n New Smith Wales,; "Whe . beent", . . . p. ":Been visiting,. " Where ?" "in Sydney." "Indeed I suppose 701 went il the ;wunds." "You bet I did." " Saw the Parlasnent Houses and went -owu the harbor and allthat aort of thing 1" "Yes, and [ wau down in bed for two eek, with malaria, Oh, 1 tell you I didn't ml. any of It." The Otber One.--" So you hers gat.e ten..tot.r ' "he said to the little girl of Neso. "Yes." " Well, I feel sorry for youe." "Oh, you needn't do thatt" replied the little one. " Please feel sorry for pa l" d cheap thing in summer hate-a dude's head. SPhilosophy That Means Well.-" My dear friend, how were you able to acquire ueach an immense fortune P" "By a very simple method." "What method is that f" "When I was poor I made out that I wps rich, and when I got rich I made nut that I was poor." She Waes 8till There.-" And so your father has gone to a missionary stitiot i "Yes; we are quite alone now." " Don't you miss the directing handaf rour household-I " " Oh, mother didn't gal " SMelbourne policeman declares telt te had to handle about as many pieces of mals matter as they do at the poatoffice. Some one a the je a! a jlengpen peao 