MAORILAMD HO! JcorvKiniiT.] Nature's Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY A TIM WESTBURY, ClUl'TElt XVII;— Continued. It wns ft significant fact tlmt old Runga, tho Maori, nnd n woll known domestic nt ? tho station, hnd not boon soon or hoard of since lho day on wliioh Nitn wns ear ned off by Paul Barjow. Through nit tho unremitting caro nnd tondor nursing of Madam Elsie, Nitn Hnrrv lind so far recovered ns to bo nblo to accompany tlint lady in many a auiinv ramblo amongst tho lioalth-giving gluns amlbrotiy ridgca of Pmefalls. Somehow these two hnd grown greatly nttnehed to each other — how or why, neither ot thorn, hnd thoy boon qucs tionnd on tlio subject, would havo been able to explain. L'ndor tho circumstances it was but natural that Nitn should foul grateful to one who hail exhibitod such wiitohfulnoaa on hor bolinlf ; but tho girl, with that mnnto subtotly of womanly tact which characterises tlio aox, discerned a ... inoro than fnundly kindness m Mailnmo . ? Klsio. Kvory look, overy net and word . ? boro Willi it n soft and mothorly gontlo ness tlint was uniiiistakeablc. ' All 1 rf I had only boon blest with a -mother liko you, Madnmo Kisio,' Nitn: .. ;: «nid ono dny. w . ' Your iiKithc-r is dead ? ' Alas, you ! I nuvor know hor.' ' Stay with us, tlion ; you shall lio my daughter,' cried the other, i Witli thu hot ? v tonr.-i wulJing up into hor kind bluo oyos, ? ii lid her voieo .troinbliiig iwitli emotion. . ..' I had onco n daughter, a liltlo treasure, who, if shu had boon spared to mo, would liavo baon nbout your ago. God knows boat wlint is good for list My darling was taken from ino, nnd through nil ihoso yonrs, long and barron with fruit Icbs repiliit'g, my h-jart liaa scorned cola nnd void in its uitor loneltiioss. Hut you n.uno to -no, Nn ii ; yuu, whom I havo known hut a foiv short weeks, nnd Id ! tlio void is lillod up. My child, llunvin .blesses us in wnys wo know not of. ' , l'lensaiit tho dnvs nt Pinofnlls ii' tho purplo glow of tlio lino Autumnal weather. Pleasant for Lioiitonant West, who was over by tho stdo of Crnco Wi-ldon. . Pleasant for Fontoiv Howe, who loved to bo nloiio huiioath thu loafy arendo of tho \- kaui-t kings, writing pootry on tho goldun ' hair nnd violet oyos of Nua Barry. Thoro was only ono nsraonnno who . npponrotl to bo tho odd man of tlio party, and entirely ? outv. of placo — Temple Yano. ' I can son I'm iu tho wny,' ho mul . . ? tnred to lumsolf. ? ' Altogolhor mi' lun ? draiico to tlio happiness of tlio rest, so : I'll go. What ? tho dinkous havo I in .? .common with theso? I; au outcast. 'My : - . best and dearest friend suanoots mo !or a thief,: or ; something worao ; and nm I ' ; ^ ? . God help 1110 !' ?; ! v v: ; ponl of merry. Iaughtor conios to lnm ? ;v i - as lie sits by tho window muttering -? nnd . cogitating. Harry West aiul Miss Wul , don aro promonnding nrm-in-arm on a '.grass plot boyond tho gnrdon, and tlio , handsome young subnltorn is talking — loin ting somo wild framt of his boyhood. . prohnbly. . Tomplo Yano growB deadly palo ns ho . wntchoH them — not tlio paleness of oiivy : . or hatred, but of pain, and pain so keon nnd poignant that tho mouth ahuta and tightens lo ropresa tho sharp agony witli . ?' in hun.. V I wish I wns fairly away — nnywhoro fiom til's place,' lie onus, with a email. *'I liayo boon mad to droam thai Uimco, puro, gontlo creature, could earn fur such . awiolcli ns I. And yot — yot more than , , pnoo I thought I saw that in her oyos which bndo mo hopo. Hopo I for what 1 To iimlo hoisolf with a villain who lias not oven a nanio to bostow on hor — a worthless no or-do-woll. who staked lua , honor nnd every tto of filial afluction on a . throw of tho dice, nnd had not tho will and couiaeo to Bay nay I Pnhaw I No moro ol this idlo day dreaming. I wont out of tlio world fitted for mo, into ono of . my own milking. So will I boar it manfully until I havo atoned.' ? Ilo liBos nnd olasps his hands tightly round tlio back of lua ho.id. It is a strnngu way that ho haa of pulling himsolf to gether — of oxorting a id/// that is certainly ,? ? strong now, howovor it might have boon wanting in the paat. Quiotly, but uoiio tho loss surolv, this love for Grace Weldon has stolon into his lioart. . It is tho first veal lovo lie lias over foltfor any: woman, and ho knows it will bo tho lusts,- nnd tho only lovo ho will \- v ? :Oyor;know. It is useless, to fight with it . ? ? -tlmi.monns'ii sonsoless wasto of vigour, nniMio- roquirod;iill that for what lio had to do. ? IV got as far away from 'Pinefnlls was his lirBt objeot, - IIu would go to Amoricn . oi Moxico, what did it matter where, so that ho wont quickly. Ho lillod npago of his diary; thon wroto :? two lettors, tlio first of which ho addressed . to a ? .well-known firm of solicitors iu .llavolook— tlio. otlior to Mifs Hilda Ash ford, Glonoourt, . -In tho ovoning ho found an opportunity to apeak lo Fontoii Howe alono. Dear boy,', lie said, ' would you bo surprised if I told you I h id deter mined to leave this placo at onco.' No, ; indeed, ' Viino. : ^ Nothing you might do. or any woii'd aurpriso mo in tlio louat,' answered Fonton, with a lniigli. ' Why, old fellow, what has como over you those last few dnvs? Wliuro do you ludo youiflolf '/ 'Piiir niy word ! if you woro nn nbscomling ilobtoiY or tho builid'a ? woro lying in wait; for your body,- you could not bo moro of a hormi.t. . Tlioro's; Madam l.lsio and Miss Woldoii constniilly phiguiug mo with' questions about you, wondering: if yen nre unwell, and so on. Oomo, old fellow, rouse up.' My dear Pmiton*; I linvo mudo up my . mind to leave Pinefnlls to-morrow.' ' Seriously 'I' ' Yes, eoriniisly,' onid Vimo, gravely. , V Major Weldon will not hoar of it, donrboy.' 'l am tlio moro- sorry for that, . inns . muoli as I must- go. It has boon tho groatost desire of my lifo : latoly that you nnd 1, IIowo, mipht. caat in our lot to : ... gothor in soiiip commercial undertaking, ? wherein wo might still remain as wo havo boon in tlio past, nlliod alike in intorest and in friondaliip, but— but ooi'tain con : . ditions havo nltored this stato of things, and I repeat I must depnrtat onoe.'1 Fontou Howo u'nzoa nt his friond in : . . surprise, and thon comes n look, of .wounded pride into, his eyca.as'.. he naysr- ? ' Dear Vano, I am tho laat man in tho , world to pry into your ufiiurs, but! beg of yuu ns a frioiul — nay, no ono who owes vou Homothiug inuro than mutual eateem, to tell mo why you havo tal;on this aud den l'oaolvo. ' ' i cannot toll you, Howo.' ' Cannot 'No.' Fell ton Howo is silent, for thoro comos to him onco moro tho acono in the tont at tho diggings, and tho advertisement ofioring 1.500 roward for -\ notorious priBon-breaker. It fixes itsolf as a cer tainty on tho man's mind now that Tomplo Vane is implicated. '13olio7o mo, Ilowo, I mako no small snenfico iu leaving so many kind friends, but tho aacriiico is offered at tho shrino of duty,' says Vano, after a pnuso. Exactly, thinks Fenton. Ho ia tho man wanted, of a surety, and is going to givohimsolf up to tlmt justko tvhioh is clamouring foiu-him. Poor'follow I .Seeing that Ilia companion rouiains silent, Vano eontinuos. 'With referonco lo our joint account forwarded to the City Bank at Auckland, I had a letter yester day from the manager, who informs mo that our instructions havo been carried out. Thirty thousand pounds sterling has boon duly placed to our joint ac count.' 'Indeed, ao much!' saj-s Fonton, looking up with a cloud on his fair faco, and his mind ovidently not upon thoir account at tho Bank. ' ? '[want to ask you a favor, 'Howo,' adds Vano, aftor waiting for lua com panion to apink. ' Certainly, my good fellow.' ' I want your permission to divido our : monoy,' says Temple. 'Grantod,' responds Fet)ton. ' I. will writo a necessary lottor.to tho'mana ger of tlio Bank, nnd you can post it i jointly with your own for the same pur pose. Of course, my wants aro fow. I do not require sixteen thousand pounds or anything liko that sum.'Viino. Say you tako twenty thousand,: and loave mo tlie odd ton. Eli ! como, you won't ro fllBO mo.' ' ? Vano Binilos. 'Fifteen thousand pounds is sufficient for ine. Porehanco, I may not require n shilling of it,' lie fays, Boftly. 'Pooli l I trust you may, have tho pleasure of spending every penny of it, ? and I tho pleasure of lending you part of mine,' responds IIowo, earnestly. 'I can't understand i% Vano,' ho blurtod out, rising and stridiiig up and down the room. ' If you would conlido in mo 1 1 Hiuceroly trust I havo never givon you cause to think of mo 'otherwise than a gentleman. Tell mo, what is tilts mat ter? If it's anything, short of'- murder I'll hoo you through it, ns cortain as your patient, nianly gnierosity snatehod me from a lingering and painful di;ath.' Teniplo Vano opens his oyos to thoir widest extont at this sudden aud unox potted outburst on tho part of tlio proud, indolent, aristocratic Fonton. ' My dear fellow, what are you talk ing about V' ho aBks. ' . 'Talking about! why, j' about your molaucholy way, and your moping and getting out of it, and hiding when other peoplo aro onjnying thomselvos, nnd I want you to do tlio samo',' retorts IIowo,; holly. ' You put one under the moot laiting obligation, thou leavo him thoro without a ghost of a clianco of his re turning tho eomplimont. Tell me why you aro leaving in stuh a hurry i*' - 'Ic is iiiiposBiblo.' u ' you. dare not ?/s(ys Fenton, lua raco'Hushing with sudlloii anger. . Thoro ia a swift Hash in tlio oyos of tho other, who starts ns if Howo lind struck linn, but ho holds a superb comuiaiid oi or ovory muscloof the'raco and body. ' I cannot qnarrol with you, sir,' ho anj.-i, calmly. ' 1 nm a man ao bankrupt iu tho way of friunds that I cannot afford to loae tho last remaining one. A month honiie, or sooner, you may loam why I depart ; but if the loss of your friendship bu the penalty, I cannot givo my reasons now.' ' Knougii,' retorts Fenton, with a lieai Lv ring in his voieo. ' I suppose wo hnd hotter say good-bye, and have dono with it. For my part I havo looked upon you ns — aB— whnt the dovil^ doos it mat ter !? Look bore,, you are leaving inu in your debt, and— ' . ' Bo silent, 'Howe,' interrupts Tomplo almost sternly;' . ? F'.-nton looka, and his flush, of. auger takos a moro ruby tint. ' I iiiu unused to bo commanded to hold my tonguo. 1 will say what I please.' 'Do so, but I may remind you that ft taunt is out of placo, ami unworthy of a gontloman,' says Viino, quietly. 'Agnin I nBk why shr ujd wo quarrel 'I wo, who havo . fought misfortune, and hunger and cold together. _ in saying this I havo re gard for j'ou, inasmuch as - you will por; ohnuco 'regret this sooud '.'hereafter, as I now rogrot it.' ' - - ' ?' A sullen 'oil, very woli,' and tho two men ehango tho3ubjoot. They have much to settle in tlio way of buaineaa, and tho dinnor bull rings oro it is complotod. Tomplo goes to his room to dress for tho evening meal. His parting with Fenton has tried him, and chafed him to tho utmost ; but ho has a moro sovero ordeal to encounter in Madam Elsie and Grnoo Weldon. . ?The dinnor nt Pinofalls- is moro than Usually pleasant, and thereby prolonged on this particular evening. Some of tliom havo beon spending tho aftornoon out on tlio hills, und havo had quito an ndvon turo with a liugo carpot snako, which Harry Wost did battlo with, and camo forth coiiquoror. Whilo tho talk is at its loudost Major Weldon beckons Toranga, the Maori, to his sido. ' Walford, tho ngont, will bo horo to morrow. Ilavo you got all tho books roady for him (o look through wlion ho arrives 1' Bays ho. . ...' Yes, sir, I put 'em in thu ollico, sir — nil but ono,' roplies tho Mnori. ? All but ono I What ono?' ' 'Square flat book— atoro bonk I think you call liim,' answers Ternnga. . ''All! Btook list, you moan.' says tho Major. ' Hunt it up hoforo you go to b»d j. mind that !' . Tho Maori is obodionoo itBolf. Wh'n the moal is ondod, and wlulo tho gontle man linger Ovor their wine. Toranga begins his task.- Unfortunately the Maori cannot road a word of English ; print and nmriusoript alike nvo ;as so muoh Grook to hiin. Entering tho room ocauj)ied by Tomplo Vano, after nn hours soaroh ulaowhere, Toraiiga's gaza fulls athwart the diary, lying oh a ainnll tablo near tho window. Ilo ptiunbea on tho fat volume at onco, and oarrioo it olf in triumph. Musio litis grown to bo tho chief plna Buro at PinotallB aftor dinnor; but this happous to bo mail night, nnd thoro has boon quito a largo bag of lettora deposited at tho lodgo hut for tho 'House.' The Maori retires to his sanctum early to peruse his correspondence. Harry Wost is busy in l-is quartora with a pri vate despatch which demands his iinmo diato attention. IIowo and Nitn nre playing olieas in tho drnwingroom, with Madam ElsioasHimpiro. It is a strange coinoidonco, but never theloas triio, tlint thcro nro no letters for oithor Tomplo Vano or Mis9 .Weldon. Stranger still, both nro seated at tho ex tremity of that deop, cosy, old- fashioned verandah, with a toll moon smiling rudely down upon tlieni. There was a world of soft glory iu tho round reflection of tho moon as sho sailed high in tho dnrlc bluo canopy overhead, tho outlinoof iior liugo, g'od natured phiz apparently looking straight at thorn ns thoy sat in that awk ward silenco. This jolly warden of tho night seos many strange thinga in hor oternnl vigil. Your mightiness nnd your ) holiness, yo nm nil beneath hor ken, whothor yo bo good or evil, rich or poor. Sho watches tho robbor lying iu wait, and the mnrdor crawling with noisoloss slops towards his victim. Into tho glooms peeps Blie, lighting up tho ruga of poverty and misory. Wickodncsa iu high places cannot escape hor viaion. Over tho sliunber of tired millions she holds watch and ward, kiasin* tho rosy lips of inno cence, whero yot lingors the soft fragranco of prayor, nnd filling tho poet's brain With unutterable, visions and such Bhapes na live only in song. Gitnlrx le/oi. Had Tomplo Vano learnt tho subtle art of diplomacy, ho would havo bogun to talk about tho beauty of tlio night, etc., apd so have led up to the subject nearest his wishes. Not boing n diplomat, how over, ho simply said, ' I mil glad to have a word witlf.you to-night. Miss Weldon. I wnnt-to' tKnnk you for your kindnerH nnd hospitality to mo. I havo arranged to leavo Pinefnlls in tho morning.' Thero wna nothing in tlio fow common , p|nco words uttered, but Graco Woldon oponod her largo bluo oyea upon him for an inslantj 'tlion bogan toying with her brncolot. * ' I Blinll not easily forgot the many fileasant. hours spent beneath your roof,' soliovo mo,' ho continued, after waiting' for hor to speak. . ' Is— ia not your doparluro .somewhat hasty, Mr Vane?' alio said, prosontly, and in a subdued tone of voice. 'I trust you havo not rocoived any ill 'nowB latoly ?' : 'No ; my leaving is pnroly a matter of business,' ho answered. ' I go to fulfil a duty I havo longnoglected.' 'Papa will bo sorry when ho loams yon. are going,' she siiid. ' I havo alroady informed Major Wol of my intention, nnd indeed I am loth to depart from such kind friends. For yoars I have boon n droainor, capable of nothing but tho indulgonco of idl3 roverio, nnd hnvo driftod from tho practical into tho lifo of a Bohomian, Latoly it has come to mo that I might aspiro to become a useful member of society — an alderman, perhaps, or a justice of tho penes.' Graoo smiles at tho mild cynicism, and a blush doopons tho cloar, fair skin from' brow to neck. Vr.no doos not see it. Ilo lins not looked at her onco.. To do one's duty is something boyond, moro dronm:ng,' sho said, prosontly. ' ' 'True,' ho nnswura, with a short laugh. 'But wo ihtorprot tlio word in various wnys. Ono man niny bo con touted with tho life of n .slnvo,'.. Another will go on until ho - bo3tride the globe, liko nuolhcr Colossus. ' lilvery dotail in: busiuoss is a duty, nnd tho sniiiu lino of arguniont npplio3 to mnny things in social lifo. Wo may adopt Boinoliiionf conduct which. Booms strango,.aiul poasibly-agaiiist' which one's henrt and soul .robol, yot duty points tho way, and wo muat fol lo-v. ' Tne refractory trinkot upon hot- smooth, lound .arm' is iibaudoued-.for a moment, until sho tries to grasp the moaiiing''of his'Worda. ' ' 'In one of your English journals I rend n curious- essay called 1 Motivo Powof,' ' ho g- us .on, not heeding her silenco. ' Tlio writer went to show tliat, without tin oiiject, i.o. motivo power, a man, whatovor his talents cr his culture, iB utterly useless in this nineteenth' ountnry; Tno cap fitted nib so closely, Miss Wei don, that I ivsolved to emorgo from tlio druanior info a ivorkcr.' ? ''I am glad to. hear you say so,' she anawors, looking full at him. 'I am not a judge of mankind, inasmuch ns my life, ao fnr, has been . Becludud, but I bo lievo you will win your wny in tho bust ling world, if. 'you nre dooided to try.' X Madnm Eisio bronks in upon him, fob lowed by Nitn nnd IIowo, and tho con ? versatibn takes a moro geuoriil turn. It is' midnight before Vano ? retires. Mndiuno Elsio has said 'good byo,' ntid theiro wao an unmistakoable troihor in hor voieo, nnd a peculiar look in her oyos iis alio littored tho words wliioh enrrieid con viction to tlio mind of Gonornl Ashford's prodigal sou that ? lio had beo'i recog nised. . ' ° By tho timo lib hnd packed away his fow, things it is throe o'clock, and in another hour it will: bo .daylight. Ilia thoughts are iu such a chaotic state tlmt' ho does not miss tlio diary. 116 has an idea that it is safely atowod away in his travelling' bag. ? While' he sits moping and thinking of thoBoft light in tho bluo .oyos' of 'Grace Weldon, aa lio saw it when tiioy said good-bye, haud-in-hund, lo ! the morning breaks ovor tho lofty peak- of Tonga. Ho throw opo» tlio window. Oool and beautiful tho puro early morn. Ovorhoad tho light bluo canopy was changing to azure, and gold and purple, juid blended with gigantic shafts of a moro niagnificont huo, the vanguard of tlio glorious sun. What mortal hand could placo this pic ture hoforo tho natural oyo ? What artist oould paint yondor hill-top, carpeted with green and brown, with glittoring bars of prismatic light, intermingled with ovory blade and leaf. In tho fragrant atmosphere of tho sum mer morning Tomplo Vano goes his way to porform that duty of which ho had apokenJ And she to whom ho had ut tered tho3o worda atauda watching tho fast receding figure from hor clnimbor window. All 1 if tlio poor wanderer could only havo aeon, the tear bodiinmod eyes looking after him with such a yearning sorrow, ho would'not havo fult tlio dotiso night of uttor lonolineos and despair now at his heart. CHAPTER XVIir. AT TUB ' ClOMIKN IIOMMIIN.' ' : On tlio Grand Trunk Road,' distant forty miles or ? thoreabouts from : the Pinofalls Station, stniulsa roojny old Inn, bearing lho somewhat nondescript nainq of tho ' Goldon Dolphin. ' . . JTh is hostoiry waa built by ono Timotlty'lKoegan, a lucky digger, who having made a largo find nt tho Titori Valloy, oponod tho Golden Dolphin and -drank himself to doath in a very short timo. Tim's widow, Norah Keogan, wns live foot olovon inches in hor husband's socks, nnd weighed a trifle over two hundred pounds' nott. Rough and musoular as the mnjority of tho Dolphin'a customers certainly woro, very fow had such a 'development of limb as hostess Keogan, and very fow indued had such a way of demonstrating tho faot to any contumacious fellow who attempted to creato a '? nhino ' within the preoinots of her domain. Ten years wanderings wid poor Tim ' ovor half tho goldlields in Now Zealand had not tendod to enhance tho personal oliarms of Mrs TCoogan. Her complexion boro tho huo of a boiled lob ster, wliioh was ' intirolyowing to tho hate of thG sun, of course, and not in any way lo tho small drop alio tuk lo keep away the colic. Bad ces3 to it.' Fierce, irato,'and heavy handed was Mother ICrcgan, yot nfter hor fashion not a moro kind-hearted, benevolent soul ovor breathed. Sho loved fun liko all hor race, and her lioiiso was always lively. Mick Huddy, a poor dovil who earned a precarious living playing tho liddlo from placo to place round tlio district, wns al ways duo at the Dolphin overy Friday evening. A sort of a shelf, liko a brae kot, fixed in tho parlor wall, nnd high up out of reach. This wa3 Mick's or; chcstra whore ho tuned his baritone, and rasped away nt reels and jigs until tho small hours of tlio morning. It is on record that tho poor fiddler fell in lovo ivitli tho ' widdy,' and in n moment of sympathetic tondornosa plucked up courago to confess tho samo. Tim Koegan's rolict listened to hor lover until ho hud finished, and thon sho gavo tho unfortunate swain such a prunlicitl refusal that tho doctor had to bo called' in, mid Buddy's life was despaired of for some time. Jf Mrs ICeegan wns sovero betimes on hor adorer, sho took very good c-iro that no ono elao bullied him. Now Zealand can certainly boast of somo thorough going muscular rullians, but tho chief of tlicm all was ono Tiggser, otherwise Black Bullock, a rough and tumblo pugi list, whoso solo occupation was mado up in lounging about shanties, night pilfer ing and prizo lighting. Bill Bullock — 1 bog his pardon — Black Bullock waa at tho Golden Dolphin on ono occaaion, and began lo bully evory ono aa usual. His sploon Beeined particularly clireotod to wards tho-little fiddler, whom ho caught in his poworfol grip and carried round tho room at arms longth, as if Buddy had been no moro than a poodle dog. Tlio noise attracted tho hostess, who ran into tlio room. ' Arrali, what's tho matter wid yez ?' she asked. Thon ob serving hor favourito in tho hands of the burly giant her Irish dander riz in a moment. 'Put, down the man,' she cried, and nt tho camo instant Black Bul lock received a blow full on hia frontis pieco, which sent him staggering over tiVo or throe chairs. The pugilist dropped tho fiddler, and turned upon hia assailant with a face in which all the latent pnasum of bruto ferocity was visible. Ho eamo towards her with fista clenched, hia guard woll up, and showing his teeth liko a wolf. Mrs Keogan know hor customer, know that a knock from his huge, long knuckles would bo as a blow from a blacksmith's sledge. But sho did not flinch. .Just ns the bully had got within range, mid ho foro ho could lunge out at hor, she seized a heavy poker from tho fender and struck Tiggsor a dreadful thud upon Ilia upraised arius, which mado the follow .bellow 'liko a mad bull. . / 'Take that, yo. devil's, bastard, an* moiid yer liiaiinoss,' alio cried. ''Conio on now, if it's fighting yer at': or.' . With n horrid imprecation tlio in furiated stivngo steadied himself, and thuu rushed blindly at the 'widdy,' Up wont tlio unmerciful poker like a Hash,' and tho ' Bullock ' went down all in a heap. Ho was carried out mid soused with a plentiful supply of cold water. Beyond a broken lieuit nud a fractured wrist the bully siistainod no further injury, but ho gave tlio hostess ol' tho In/i a wido birth from that timo forth. On this summer evening th.; hoa&l-y; ,-wns woll :patroniacd with admixed 'po.i.-o of cUBtdniors,1 'eaoh 'ai'ul' ?nfl'or'wlrohf ap peared to 'bo '.enjoying' themselves after thoir own fashion. The bug . ru'o'm was tilled with digger.); and there wero Others presont who did not dig or bog. Mick Buddy was in his place ' discoursing ili gaut music,'1 after his manner, wlsilo his auditory d-niced or wont through a wild fandango that slunk tlio building to its foundation. 'Sleady, niiu ; don't '.mike such a row ; ah ii re Mr .Jocolyn's upstair.-', and can't hour h:s oars for yez,' said Mrs Koejian, thrusting hor bead in ' ut the door. -' Mark mo now? I ll not have the place turned into a shibboeu whin yer betters aro present.' \---' We're as good as Mr Jocolvn any day, although ho is a beak nnd n big bug,' cried- Blnok Diilloelc and ono or two others of 'tho same cliquo. . i The hostess put hor nriiis akimbo, aud B|rodo up to tho speaker. . ' Look .here, mo bould follow, this is thy house, an' i niano to bo cock o' tho walk,' she said. ?';If a gentleman como.s hero I expect him to behave himself, an' if ho doesn't choso to do that, faith, I'll laru hint in double quick' ''tifao!'3i;-::Do ye liioind now ?' ; ~{ 'Bravo 1 Moth or Koegan,' from a dozen brawny throats. fBullook, half tipsy, looked round him with a smothered ; curso on Ilia lips, and aired, flash of defiance in his evil eyes ; but' a whiapor from his eoinpauion altered the ruffians -whole demeanour in a mm uto to quiet siibmisaion. . 'If it wasn't for tho company ueyauV shuro tho divil a ono oared if y. z broko the tlure,' orie'd the hoatosa. ' Winn gintlouiin, rale gintlemin-'cOhdeaobiid to honor tho Goldon . Dolphin wul thoir priz zonco I'll havo ordthor. I've others hero' to- itiglit besides Mr Jocolyn.- Put that in your pipe nndalimuko it, Mr Tiggsor,'' and Mrs Keogan bouucoH. out of. the room. . - , , ? , . Tho host' apnrlmont. in tlio- Inn Iiad boon given up to Mr .locolyiij who was on his way to inspoot a m'iiio at tho Titori Valley, so ho said. Dinnor had been ordorcd for tlirco, for tho magistrate ex pected two friends to join him at tlio hostelry. Half an hour Iator, and tho oxpectod guosts came in the porsons of Paul llarjew and.Sydnoy Black. Mra ICeegtui know nothing of Mr Joco lyn, savo by report, -'but alio had a thorough knowledge of tho two men who woro. dining with him. How.ovor, as she after wards (omarkod, ' it- vva^niio business of liors. Pooplo in hor': position ? never' gained anything by meddling with what did not conaarn them,' otc. Wiso philosophy, Mrs Koognn ! Tho pity is- tliatmoro of your charming uox ao not follow .your oxainplo in this io spoot. Tlio obaorviiiice thereof is (iften honored in tho broach, iu'our day, savo in one or two - Australian cities whoro I havo sojourned. There tlio pooplo,' malo and female, .fulfil tho law of Moses, and lovo thoir neighbours as- thRmsolvcs, aiid there, indeed tho wiao condition is fully rocogniaod, which says that ' the oxsliiill not bo joked with tho asa.' ! - On this aummor afternoon,' provioua to tho arrival of Hurjow and his companion, Tomplo Vano dismounts undor tlio broad portico of the Inn, ami 'orders a .meal'.aiid abed for tho uight. Ilia haiulsomo face ploaaos tho ' widdy,'' who bostira herself to ni iko him oomfortablo. ? Ilo is located next his honor, tho .T-P;, and Vano oata hia dinner alone, but enj 'yK: it nono the loss for that. The mnjl'jinded, a buxom wensh ontora and eloarS'-'awny tlio t hhrin, lights a lamp, thoir with- a smile and a curtsey, iisks if - lio requires anything else. 'No, thank you; noMuug. Stayl Would you bo' good onougli- to toll tho ostler J shall want iny -horse at Kim rise.'— -To he tjnntnuml.- - M If II 318 