CABINET COUNCIL. Present.--ALLr THE MINISTERS. \-- O S ("Puocar.") al Patterson (producing a letter). SGcntlemen, I do not know that we e need bother very much with work `toda ybut I thought it better that ,{ we should meet formally to mnake the . appointment of Agent-General. Then r we can adjoiurn. Isaacs.-Good. That will just suit me. There is a case in which I am engaged coming on to-day-- SO'Loghlen .-I thought that you d made an awful sacrifice when you d consented to take oflice. Isaacs.-So I did-so I did. But c briefs are offered to the Solicitor General, and it is contrary to my etiquette to refuse money. Cam:bell.-Contrary to your prin Sciples, you mean. a Isaacs.-Why, what do you mean, a you psalm-singing Campbell.-I'd sooner sing a psalm ' than move the address in reply to one Government, and sell them in the same session for a portfolio. O'Loghlen. Almost as bad, good brother. As kill a kin,, and marry with his brother. Patterson.-Dry up, the lot of you, or by my truth as an auctioneer, the first man that begins recrimination I'll knock dnwn as a bad lot. The matter in hand at present is to appoint Gillies Agent-General. O'Loghlen.-Has lie accepted ? Patterson.-Will a duck swim ? I !haven't even troubled to open his reply. Here it is (opens letter). Eh, what's'this ? Bad luck to the Pope, hlie refuses. O'Loghlen.-The devil and his brother, William of Orange! You don't say so? Good luck to Duncan, there will be wigs oh the green in tIhe House after all. Faith I was afraid that we wor not going to have any excitement next session at all, at all. Ayeh, Patterson, sue bhoy, this upsets your orange-cart entirely. Patterson- This is awfullyannoying. Just when I tliougbt that we lhad got hlnim pleasantly out of the way for a few years. Isaacs. -Look here. I see a -wayv out of the difficulty. I'll take the Agent-Generalship off your Ihands. I could easily undertake the duties in addition to my private practice and the Solicitor- Generalslhip. Campbell.-A_ regular Pooh-Bali and looks it to the life. Why, how could you remain here and be Agent General. Isaacs.-I'd run tihe London office by cable-of course the Government would pay the cost of the cables. Patterson.-Look here, Isaacs, you had better go and attend to your private practice, or getup a banquet' to yourself amongst your constituouets. For a young politician you are not half forward enough. Modesty willbe your ruin. Isaacs.-So all the solicitors say, when I mark my fees on my briefs. But I'll just run up to court, as you suggest, and see if my case is on yet. (Hurries away). Patterson.-Look here, boys, this refusal of Gillies to take the Agent Generalship looks like mischief. What do you make out of it ? O'Loghlen.-Why, simply, that he sees as far into a milestoine as you do. He is a long-headed one is Duncan. He knows nIow that people have beens educated up to the necessity of re trenchment, economy anil taxation, the country will soon recover, and lihe also knows that the Agent-Generalship is political suicide. He's going to lie low, and wihen you haie done taxing and the retrenching D. G. will be ready to take a hand in turning you, out. We've got to take the heavy end of the log and do the lifting, and then Gillies and Wrixon will seize the light end and do the grunting. Campbell.-True. 'Sic vos non vobis.' Patterson.-Don't talk Russian, Campbell, even if you have-been across Siberia. Campbell.-Latin, my dear fellow. meaning that Patterson will hare the trouble of killing the calf, but that Gillies will be about when the roast veal is on the table. O'Loghlen.- Suppose that we euchre him by not killing the calf, eha? Wynne.-Capital idea. BDo noth stg. Cook.- And keep on doing it splendid. Talk, talk, get reports, paragraph the papers, and let things go on. Patterson.-No, that cock won't fight. We'll have to bring out the original bird. We must go in for retrenching and economy, but if possible we'll try to avoid an income tax. O'Loghlen.-What about members' salaries ? Is it -ise to dock thema? Patterson.-No. Yet we must do it for the look of the thing. We'll let the members know that they cats get it altered, O'Loghleu.-But the difficulty will be to find someone to suggest the alteration. Nobody vill care to bell the cat.' Patterson.-I're thought of that. Somebody can work up a person beyond the suspicion of neediness, say Wrixon, who will protest, and we'll concur, as it is the feeling of the House. O'Loghlen.-Trust an Orangeman. Faith, it's a grand idea. Campbell.-Aud as to Gillies Patterson.-Well, we've gota couple of months to see if we car't fij hip.i up. Life is uncertain; one of us may pop off the hooks, and while there's death there's hope that -e masy get Gillies in with us. Campbell.-Well, so long as I am not destined to be Isis predecessor O'Loghlen.-Oh, you're safe for as green old age, Campbell; the good die young, (Re-enter Isneas.) Isanes.-Couct's adjourned, and there are two fresh briefs for the Solicitor-General at my chambers, so I don't mind shouting. (Sensetion.) O'Loghlen.-Woanders will never cease.. The ghost.walks witll Isaacs. Lead on, we will follow thee.: (They follow, and are -celled to thu bar on the nsation of the Solicitor General.) 