TELEGRAMS. TASMANIA. VBOH OVB OffS COKBEJIPOKUUT.. HOBART. April 14. I It transpires that the Hobart Benevolent Soeicty are depositors in the Bank of V.D.L. to tbe extent of £1000, which the society arc anxious to realiso npon. A small boy named Jones fell into a deep hole in the Hobart Rivulet to-day. Another boy, named Charlie Lonergan, aged ten yeais, swam to hie assistance and brought him to terra p'rtiiu, b7 which time Jones was quite unconscious, but gradually re covered. Lonergau is a brave boy, having The annual retreat of the Roman Catholic clergy of the archdioceec of Hobart has been held during the week, commencing on Mon day nipht and closing with celebration of Maes at 7 a m. to*d vy. The exercises of the retreat were conducted by the Bev. Father Hilary, of the Paesioni6t Order. The annual s'-nol was held iu two sessions; tbe f.rst pie|-^atory on Thursday evening, at the Archbishop's Pilace, tho second — or solemn session — at St. Mary's Cathedral, com mencing at 'iglit o'clock this morning. Tbe Muse of the 'Holy Ghost' was cele brated by the Archbishop, all clergy com municating. The iims being finished, tbe synod was solemnly opened by the Arch bishop. Dean Beeehinor, LaunceBlon, and Arch.lo.i2oa llogan, of Wostburr, vers promoters of tho e noi. About 23 clergy of tlic arcb-li-rcfs of Hobart rook part in the retreat and synod, most of whom will leave town early to-morrow for their respective charges. The Executive Council met to-day, the business was only departmental. I'lie first lecture under the auspices of the Tasmanian University extension scheme was h.'ld lo-nigbt in the Technical School build icige. There was a large attendance, and Fir Limbert Dobaon presided. Professor MAulay delivered an able lecture on elec tricity, illustrated by experiments. The s.s. Minx, which arrived from Booby alia ycsTerday, brought 107 bags tin ore, biandcd as follow 14 AR, 22 Dsrry, 28 WM, 5 Gordon, 2G Pioneer, 15 AE, 2 AM, 17 CAO No, 1, 11 CAO No. 2, 9 CAO No. 12, 20 ifmpress, 9 JB, 1 JBJ, 6 Mary over K, 5 BOB, 3 KWG, S EVA, 1 EVAO. Oar London correspondent telegraphs that the tiu market closed quiet on Thursday. Straits' tin with three months' delivery bein? quoted at £91 10s per ton— a decline of 10a lur the week. Forfcitcl shares in tbe Ta- crania G.M. Compiny will be sold by aucii -ti at W. T. Bell au '* Co., Limited's, mart at noon on the 24th iuit. 