THE WATEIR SUPPLY QU1STIO-N. (To (/he Editor of the .l!'Ivor Tfmes.) Srn,-As I find few ratepayers have really studied the Chief 1ngino r'io Hteathl Coto WaVter Scheme which appeared in your paper of October 20th although it touches their pockets, 1 beg you will allow me to put the suul and suabtance of it before your readers. They can then judge for themselves as to whether the 1100 people of l-eathooto are able to boar the burden of a water rate or not, First, notice that there is a ghost of a 4 shilling rate trotted about especially among the lady ratepayers. He is only a Ghost! The Act does not ALLOW any rate boyond 'PWO 811ILLINGS and the h.fAXI? ?1 required for lleatheoto is ONE SIIILLING a TWOPICNCE. Another (Ghost,-Oh ! but the estirmtate' of nearly £7000 may be exceeded ; it may boe 10 or 20 thousand! Answeor. Yes, told it may beo 10 muillions; especially if there should be an eartliquako ! It dose nt: r'equiro much wisedotm to utter may bus4 \VlW t totre cUat the Council do iit precautions ? They have three estimates, and have accepted the htghest, which is that of the Chief Engineer, W\Vio is the genien in tleathe?olt to s?t tholo experts right? t\that have we to pay P The exact estimato is £i581, per annum, which will ill all orolbability be only C500. Butt for the first five years of a trust the custom is to o.ant only ; of the anount, which is the actual internat charged by the Govern. mont, The remaining quarter is for paying off the debt, Hence the actual anmoulnt is cay £3s0 per anonll, Of tils the Railway and Governmnten buldiungs in lteathcoto will pay nearly £200 a year, luaving IIathcote to raise £180 per annutnii, for the next five years at least, anti, if we do not want to Ipay \- ---- - , .--- ---- --- , joa. Il the deotf of ecretary and Otlice, and moat people think that that ucan all be well managel for £50, And now, what will be the rates? Shortly stated they are : 1\. For all hounoa supplied directly by the main pipes a MINIMUM rate of 20 shillings a year, and Is 3d in the £ if' rated above 20 shillings a year. 2\. For all houess off'the liso and not aupplied directly fLotu the mains the rate will be nusoatpce n the £ if they are less thar a quarter of a mile distant, and BSd if lees than half a mile oil' from the line of the mains. But noto that for the first five years or longer the Trust need only charge I of those rates. All vacant allotments may be taxed or not up to half a mile from the pipes, just as the Trust may decide. On the other hand note that according to the estimate of the Chief Engineer more than £1,200 (twelve hundred) will be spout in Iloathcoto ott LABOUR alone, during the coustruction of the damin, and all the cos;, of mnaintenauns will be paid to dfeatheoto men. This miteans that six tirnes the yearly rate pairl by fleatlteot to G(overnment will hn spent by the Gov erintut in Ieathlrot, the first year. And whore will it go ? Sty £20 to'the Savings Bank, £200 to the Hlotels, and £1000 say to thbe torekeeoprs and Landlords and most of thoui DON'T WANT IT. Ien't it funny P I am, Sir, Yourn &c.;, A WA'TER RAT. 