OURRENT TOPICUS THE usual weekly meeting of the Benevolent Scciety was held in the Mayor's Court-room yesterday afternoon. Present -Messrs J. Stephenson (in the chair), J. Wilkins, B. P. Fairelly, T. Urquhart, J. Tulloch, W. R. Barwood, J. C. Genders, T. Gladman (treasurer), and the secre tary (Mr R. Cameron). The secretary re ported that during the week he had temporarily relieved 11 men, three women, and one child; total 15; and the number of recipients of relief now stood at 53 men, 113 women. 231 children, or a total of 397 in all. Donations were acknowledged from the following :-Mr E. A. N. Lakin and R H.B., clothes anonymous, hats; Mrs Ballard, lard; Messrs Bennell Bros., bag potatoes; Mr E. L. D wyr, jar jam. The treasurer reported the receipt of the fol. lowing amounts : -Mr D. Campbell, Booby alla, for self and family, £1 ; Mrs Emily Miller, £1, and for the Dabner Ifamily, £1; friend for same family, £1; Rev. G. T. Beyward, £2; Rev. A. lardie, £1 18, Gd; Mr Isaacs, Ringarooma, £3; Mr E. Sanden, 10 Od; Mr G. Parramore, Ross, £3; friend, £1; Mrs Tribe, 3S; A.J., 10s; Mr G. Pullern, £2 2s; Sandhill Sunday School, £1. The usual Government grant had also been received. The engagement of the collector had terminated, he having canvassed the town for subscriptions. Four families were ordered to be placed on the roll, and the consideration of one case was adjourned pending eoquiries being made in reference thereto from the Hobart society. The secretary intimated that he had received an offer from Mr L. Barden hagen, Lilydale, of two truckloads of wood, and that Mr G. Shields had unudertaken to take delivery of same. '1 he offer was accepted with thanks. This concluded the business of the meeting. CONSIDEaABLE interest will no doubt be taken in the lecture which will be de livered in the Mechanics' Institute this evening, by Mr A. Montgomery, Govern ment Geological Surveyor. The subject of the lecture will be "C.pper," and Mr Montgomery will make special allusions to his recent visit to the Mount Lyell mine. The lecture will be under the auspices of the Launceston Association of Trades and Manufactures, the committee of which, in thus providing occasional instructive even ings, has chosen a happy method of keep. ing the interest in the institution alive. Other lectures will follow, includirg: "The wind and the atmosphere," by Mr Boville; '" Electricity," which will be illustrated by numerous experiments, by Mr H. Rowley; "Fuel," by Mr T. S. Cleminshaw; " Harbour work," by Mr W. H. Jolly; and ' Electoral representation," by Mr G. C. Gilmore. AN e: cursion trail was ruin from , Mary's to Launceston yesterday on th Fangal line, and was well patronised, over 200 persons taking advantage of a cheap trip. The train left St. Mary's at 7 45 a.m., and called at all stations en route, reaching Launcestcn at 11 45 a.m. The train left again on the return trip at 4"20 p.m., and was due at St. Mary's at 9 p m. Tnax following addition has been made to the list of telephone subscribers :-Mr A. Edward Evershed, manager India rubber Company, 63 Brisbane-street. Tele phone, No. 146. YssTE1RDAY morning at five minutes to 11 an alarm of fire was rung from the tower in Brisbane-street. The United Fire Brigade's engine and the reEle were quickly in movement, and the firemen mustered promptly at Canning- street, where at No. 13, a detached villa, the residence of Mr J. Ingles, some clothes placed before a file in an inner room to air had sn some way become ignited, the flames afterwards catching the side and top of the mantel piece. The fire wos extinguished before the arrival of the firemen by the inmates of the house, with the aeristance of one or two neighbours. Great alacrity, however, was displayed by the men of the fire brigade in mustering at the scene of action, as se ean minutes after the alarm rang a rquad of 21 firemen were being marched away from Canirirg-street for dismissal, Superintendent Bennell having in the meantime entered the premises and ascer tuined that there was no further need for their attendance. The damage resultiug from the outbreak is but trivial. YESTERDAY a!ternoon, while a man named Faulkner was driving a number of cattle in the vicinity of [l"ankland and Upton streets, one of the animals got out of the mob and ran down the street. Two little follows named John DJl;lei-h (aged 10 years) and Clyde Clarke attempted to stop the runaway, hut the animal re shed at Dalgleish, knocking him down, one horn striking the child's body above the left groin ard the other above the left knee. The infuriated animal then followed Clarke, who bad meda (ff, but he, however, succeeded in getting away. Hod the snimal not follow d him, it is feared young Dalgleish eoula have been badly gored. It is surprising how few injuries were inflicted considesing the rush made at the boy. The little sufferer was taken home, and his injuries were exarmined by Dr. L. S. H:.lues. Aw the monthly meeting of.the board of managers of the Launceston Mechanics' Institute and Free Library, held on 'l'ues day evening lest, M?c Alex. Fowler, M.H A., was elected as one of the vicepresidents of the institut:, to fill the vaconcy caused by the death of thie late Mr A. W. Birchall. AN open night in connection with the garrison gymnasium class was held at the artillery barracklrs last evening, when there were about 200 ladies and gentlemen pre sent. During the evening the various gymnastic exercises were gone through under the direction of Sergeanut-Major Welsh, enlivened with songs and musical rselecticns by several members and friends. The Launceston High School cadets were present, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. YESTERDAY afteroo1n a young woman named Annie Brittle, a domestic srrvauk in the employ of Mrs Kate MIvo~r, a widow. residing at 147 Wellington-street, was arrested by Constable Newstead,. charged with concealment of birth, It appears that on Wednesday evening, July 19, Mra M'lvor went out into the back yard cd her premises and saw a bundle lying between two fences.. She went and opened it and was horrified to find that it contained the dead body of a male child. Her suspicions rested on her servant, and she immediately gave information to the police. The girl was found yesterday by Constable New stead, who questioned her about the child, and she admitted having given birth to a male child in an outhouse in the yard of Mrs M'Ivor, by whom she was employed at the time. An isquest will be held at the police station at three o'clock this after- noon. AT the Patteroon-streetWesleyan Church last evening the Rev. D. J. Flockart delivered an address on " Paul's first mis- sion in Ephesus." It consisted of an analytical exposition of the first twelve verses of the Acts of the Apostles. The analysis was placed in the lands of the congregation as they entered the church. A vivid description was given of Ephesus, the city, the temple, and the theatre. Great as was the temple it was devoted to idol worship of a gross and degrading character. St Paul's mission was to bring pure reli- gion to the people, and to declare the Holy Ghost to the few disciples already in Ephesus. His labours extended over a period of three years, and followed on those of the apostles, first in the syna- gogue and after in the school of Tyrannus. The result was that a good and impor- tant church was formed. The lessons adduced were that the church often lacked purity of Christian workers. Jesus Christ should be preached in and throuigh the Holy Ghost. Modern Christians should take heed and not leave their first love Christ, and return to the world and its sin- ful habits. There was a good attendance present. AN entertainment will be given on the 7th prox. in aid of the Flood Relief Fund. The programme will comprise musical and dranatic selections by well known amateurs, and will conclude with the trial scene from " The Merchant of Venice," which will be produced with proper c stumes and scenic appliances. IT is understood that an 18in English trout was captured at Invermay on Tuesday, having been left high and dry by the receding flood. Many of the residents surmise that as the flood waters quit the land many fish will be left behind to fall an easy prey to those who choose to capture them. JAsIEs BaEs, late collector for the West bury Road Trust, was arrested on Tuesday under a section of the Audit Act. He was arraigned and remanded until Monday, bail being allowed in the defendant's own recognisance of £100 and two sureties of £100 each. Messrs Douglas and Collins have the case fcr the prosecution in hand, and the hen. Byron Miller (Miller and Miller) will probably appear for the defence. Oust Burnie correspondent writes on the 26th inst.:-Quite a chapter of acci- dents happened to-day, but fortunately unattended with serious results. As Mr Jennings, of Stowport, accompanied by two ladies, was driving into town, when cross- ing the railway line at South Burnie, the horse slipped on the rails and fell heavily to the ground. Fortunately the occupants of the vehicle were not thrown out, some broken harness being the only damage done.-As Mrs T. J. Crisp was driving in her pony cart down Wilson-street this morning something startled the pony, causing it to bolt, and on turning the corner the trap capsized and the pony fell, Mrs Crisp being thrown out, but for- tunately sustaining no injury ex- cepting a somewhat severe shaking. -This afternoon Alf. Stutterd was riding down Wilson- street on horseback with a bag of chaff in front of the saddle, but in turning off the road rather sharply he lost his balance and fell heavily to the ground, and was :partially stunned, but beyond a cut face and some bruises and the shaking was otherwise uninjured.-A buggy acci- dent occurred yesterday evening on the coast read. It appears that Mrs B. Stutterd and Misses Stutterd (2) were driving to Burnie, when this side of Mrs M'Kenna's. Sulphur Creek, the horse shied • and bolted, capsizing the buggy and throwing the occupants out. One of the Miss Stutterds sustained severe cuts and bruises to the face and body, and was con siderably shaken by the fall, the other occupants fortunately escaping with minor injuries and a shaking. The unfortunate ones were comfortably housed at Mrs tM 'Kenna's hospitable home for the night, and were brought on to Burnie this morning. Tics usual monthly entertainment by the Burnie Band of Hope was held in the Town Hall on Monday evening, when the building was filled by a large audierce. The Rev. W. B. Bowe occupied the chair, and a splendid programme consisting of songs, duets, choruses, recitations, and dialogues was gone through excellently. Out Lilydale correspondent, writing on the 27th inst., sends the following brief items :--We have had nothing but rain here lately, but fortunately no flood-only plenty of mud. - Mr Bardenhagen has started a cream separator worked by a donkey engine, and it is to be hoped it will be kept going.-Farming is at a standstill owing to bad weather.-Noticeable im- provements are being made to various private houses.-The extra duty on tea and sugar is considered an injustice to the poorer classes. I will have to come off again or we must give up using both. Anour a week back the reefidnts of Circular Head and district presented Mr A. Grubb with a purse of sovereigns and a memorial consequent on his retirement from the position of sub-inspector in that district. The memorial stated the uni- versal regret that was felt throughout the district at the severance of Mr Grubb from his cfficial capacities, which he had discarged for more than twenty yrars past with delicacy and tact, and it might be truly said that during that lengthy peri.d he had not made an enemy in the place. In conclusion, the subscribers to the memorial trusted that Mr Grubb would still remain in their midst, and thus still be able to give the district the bene:fit of his aible pen, and to assist in all local and social matters as heretofore, but that if his lot in the future should be cast in other writers, he might rest assured of their best wishes for his future. Oun Latrobe correspondent writes under yesterday's date:--The two men who were arrested last Saturday evening in connec tion with the alleged robbery under arms at Fossil Bank were brought up at the local police court on MIonday, before Mr P. C. MIaxwell, P.M., and remand-d until Thursday, when Sub- inspector Collett, on whose applicatios the prisoners were re manded, will be prepared to proceed with the charge.-In view of the existing de pression in the town the cemetery trust have decided to expend what money they have in hand in improving their grounds in order to provide a little work for a few of the unemployed in the town. They have wisely resolved only to employ known residents of Latrobe. It waould be a good thing if all who are charitably disposed would try to employ what little labour they could about their own homesteads for the purpose of digging, etc., wherever practi cable, even if it led to a little self-denial on their part, as this method of showing charity would neither be objectionable nor help in any way to sap that sound spirit of independence which is an essential element of true manhood.-The weather, both yes. terday and to-day, is all that could be desired. "LuONGFORD NOTEs " reports yesterday : -Patrick Doyle, who was committed for trial at our police court on Monday for the assault on Mr Isaac Stephens on the night of the 8th cnst., was liberated on bail this morning, himself in the sum of £25, and two othl r sureties of £25 each, i\lessrs Thomas Flanagan and E twaard Marvel undertaking the responsibility. I under stand that the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court open in Launceston on Thursday, August 17. I am informed to- day that the whole of the pipes for our waterworks have been shipped in the Berean. GREAT interest has been aroused in Vienna by some remarkable experiments in hypnotism and suggestion which a Vienna professor of psychology, Professor Baron Krafft Ebing, recently carried out before a meeting of psychological experts with the objector showing that it is possi ble by hypnotic suggestion to transfer persons into a former period of their lives, their mental condition at the same time undergoing a corresponding change, and that while in this state nothing is lost to their memories which cannot by suitable influence be recalled. The subject of the experimen; was a woman 33 years of age. Baron Krafft Ebing hypnotised her, and transferred her successively back to the ages of 7, 15, and 10, restoring her after each experiment to her normal condition. In every case she behaved, spoke,-end wrote in a way corresponding to the age in which she imagined herself to be. The experi- ments were received by the other doctors with much scepticism. They did not con- sider that Baron Ebing's theory had been proved, and thought the experiments shown did not exclude the possibility of deception. LORD JERSEY was terribly severe the other day upon Australian politicians, whom he likened in the course of an inter- view to a parcel of ' needy adventurers." That was (writes "Osiel" in the Argus) a Roland for an Oliver. When the ex- Governor of New South Wales arrived in Sydney to assume the functions of the proverbial link between the colonies and the mother country, one of the ." needy adven turers" compared her Majesty's represen- tative to a boiled carrot, and another in sinuated that he had fallen into Port Jackson on the way up " our harbour" and turned the water brown. The 'govern ment analyst declared that the discoloura- tion of the water was the result of the pre- sence of infusoria, but such a prosaic ex- planation would not go down with the poetic gentlemen who are reputed, accord- ing to the latest reports, to have " the first flush of the tropics in their blood." Lord Jersey never had the privilege of making the acquaintance of the Victorian specimens, or he might have had a few compliments for them too. It is a blessing that we escaped his notice, for appearances are often misleading, and he might have been so deceived by the behaviour of some hon. members in the Legislative Assembly as to include them in the same category. .A NovEL petition was lately presented from Manchester, Salford, and neighbour hood to the House of Commons, measuring about 645ft in length, and containing 10,000 signatures of carters, lorrymen, and others who come under the trade descrip- tion of '" horsemen." The petitioners ask Parliament to prohibit the practice called the " two cart system," which is prevalent in the North of England. The custom is to place two one-horse carts under the con- trol of a single driver, the horse of the second cart being fastened to the back of the first. TIE Suez Canal Company held its annual meeting the other day in Paris, and it was noticed how enthusiastically the share holders cheered the name of De Lesseps father and son. It is said (states the Argus) that the administration of the canal is to be removed to london before long, and meantime M. Waddington has been elected a director of the company-though not without opposition-in order, as it is believed, to instal him in the post of president of the company. The prosperity of the canal continues untouched, and this spite of lower dues, due to the action of the English directors. But last year of 3559 vessels which passed the canal 2581 were British. Then there were 292 German ships, 177 Dutch, and 174 French. France has now fallen to the fourth place in respect of numbers, and here again Great Britain rays and France takes the benefit. THe Victorian Shorthand Writers' Asso ciation met one night last week (says the Age) at Broken Hill Chambers, Mr Edman son, a member of committee, in the chair. Some business vwars tran-acted, and the chairman announced that a room had been taken in the chamiers for the accommoda- tion of members desiring to meet for prac- tice. A proposal is now on foot to start a magaz:ze devoted to the interests of short- hand. The principal attraction in the evening's proceedings was an address by Mir Sydney Stott on " Advice to shorthand writers." It was specially urged that accuracy rather than lpeed should be cul- tivated, and many points were mentioned under tlhe head of tbing· to be avoided in writing shorthaud. Me:nory and the edu- cation of the eye and ear, as well as the hand, were usefully dealt with, and the treatment of long sentences and phrases was described. With regard to ofice work, hints were given as to the treatment of the dictator and the rate of speed for office purposes. Mr Stott received a hearty vote of tlhanks for his address. A counTnu clergyman in England, tired of farthings and brass buttons, has started an annual offertory, held on a Sunday in spring, to which fresh eggs are contributed by his parishioners, to be afterwards highly appreciated by the poor in a London dis- trict. Excellent as the idea is in itself it would hardly bear amplification and de- velopment. We could not have a collection of new laid eggs; it would represent too much capital and research, and we could hardly expect a congregation to bring mutton chops or tinned vegetables. It has not been explained in what kind of alms dish the eggs in question are collected, but it is to be hoped their bearers are relieved of them before the servico begins. As an article of diet an egg that has been sat upon, whether by hen or human being, is at a discount. EvE?ynODY should know that the beat value for cash is obtainable at hIMarriott Bros., "The Tailors," William- street, next Terminus Hotel.- [Advt.] STHE Cataract Cliff Grounds will be closed at 6 Gp m. until further notIce, A PUBaLI trial of doublaechlled ploughs and i hillhide ploughs will be held on the farm of Mr George Rookliff, Sassafras, at 2 p.m. to-day. 