THE YOUNG FOLKS. A Ghost Story. Sir Richard Owen hd two remarkable ghost stories, which it was a high privilege to hear him relate. The one about to be recorded here was perhaps tho bettor of the two ; but its quality can soarcely lie judged of when detached from tbe peculiarly ex pressive style the old Professor had, which added a charm to bis telling of the story. In his early days, when he held the post of Burgeon to to the prison as Lancaster, A NEGRO DIED IN TfiK GAOL," and a post mortem as wen as an inquest was necessary. After the inquest the young surgeon saw the body put in the coflin and the lid ecrowed down, to he ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the time been already attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and negTos' heads were not plenti ful ; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of science. In the evening he returned to the prison with a black bag containing a brick — from his official position he had no difficulty in getting admittance to tbe mortuary, where the coffin lid was unscrewed and screwed down again. Boring hia pro cess the nnice and the negro's head changed FLACE8. The ground outside the principal entrance to the gaol had a considerable descent ; and the time being winter, with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed ont when he slipped 1 and fell all bis length — the bg went from his hand, and the head tumbled out, and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up, caught the bag, and following the head olatchod it just as it fluisbed its career in a small shop where tobacco was Bold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vanished out of the shop with all the speed he was capable of. Next morning, when Owen was going to his ueual duties at the prison, he was called in by tbe woman at tbe shop where tbe accident bad occurred on the pre vious evening. She wished him to see her husband, who wae very ill. He had had, she said, s fright the night before that had caused him to LOOK WILD AND DAZED-LIKE. The man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who had been in many adventares among the West Indian Islands, when many deeds were donethat did not at that timere- quire to be aocounted for. Among these had been the killing of a negro in which be had a hand, and the transaction had left a touch of TROUBLE ON HIS CONSCIENCE. After giving these details the old cap- t&iu; told of the horrible event that took place the night before. He was sitting in bis shop, all wae quiet, and it so chanced that be bad been thinking of tbe negro, when suddenly be saw bis very head roll into the shop in front of tbe counter, and it was followed by the Devil, all in black, with a black bsg in his hand. The Devil snatched up the head, and both disappeared through the earth like a flash of lightning. Tbe de scription was perhaps not quite complimen tary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfactory bo far that it showed that his identity had not been rooognised. — " Daily NewB." 