[?] [?] 7 J>KQoivdoN <TABt-£5 R-|s/> CHAPTER XXV. — (Continued.) There really was something from a woman's point of view very taking about Frank M'Naughton. Albeit his face was always pale — for he never bronzed to a brick- redhue as most travellers- m tropical regions do — it was a handsome face, and had a handsome profile, for it is in profile that so many other wise, good-looking men fail. They look well stem on, and it is from this point of view they invariably study themselves, turning complacently away from the mirror with a smile. "Not half a bad-looking fellow;" they say as they Bum themselves up. ; "I can't wonder at ladies falling in love with, a face like that." If; however, nine out of every ten of these self- contented coxcombs were to take a second mirror and study themselves in pro file, then They'd see themselves as others see them, And ic might from many a faultie free them, ! But Frank's profile was a most pleasing one, then those dreamy poetie eyes of his so often seen with that sad, far-away look in them, yet when talking in praise of some of his favorite bards, lighting up with a fire that was startling while the burning words' leapt to his lips and found utterance in tones as sweet as a lullaby, were quite enough to win the heart of any ordinary girl. I. am not quite certain whether or. not Tilda was an ordinary girl. I snow she was not so highly educated as many of the American girls one meets- abroad. But then- she was correspondingly less didactic, and if she had not quite so mnoh self- possession she had more heart and feeling. This is almost equivalent to saying that Tilda had fallen in love with Frank. Well, I fear she had. That was the pity of it. The awful pity of it, as events will snow. Jcor nrana. nan no heart to give. It is not really to, he wondered at, that thrown together as these two young people were amid such romantic surroundings, one at least had learned to love. Frank had really nothing to do on board, this ship, though gladly enough sometimes would he have been to help to take in sail, or set sail, or even to take his trick; at the; wheel. His services not being, required, he did what ary other man would have done, he gravitated towards Tilda. They read the poets together, and studied Browning. When they needed a change, they found it in the study of" the marine; fauna. And this constitutes a far greater range of study than many might believe. The Mountain Wave had been- sailing most of the time, the traih beingrthakskipper Boniface was anxious to spare his coal for emergencies. The ship. was three weeks from last port, and though a vast' deal of progress had not been made, she was now well up among the South Sea Islands. These seas teem, with the tiny wonders of animal and vegetable life. Frank and Tilda had a muslin net each, and these they used to drag overboard for an hour, .then meet in a quiet corner of the saloon to w<sh off and mount their captures. This needed, very great care and caution. Often the animal- Gules they caught were so small as to be almost invisible until arranged by means of fine needles upon black cards. Then their beauties were indeed displayed to perfection. Tiny, tiny, transparent fishlets — I am coining a- word on purpose — strangely shaped little sea-demons, with bodies that though mostly shining like silver, displayed all the colors of the rainbow ; small, dreadfully diminutive beings, many of them so grotesquely hideous that had they been ten thousand tames as big, as Tilda said, they were ugly enough; to turn one to stone through perfect terror; creatures with awful eyes, with fierce, vindic tive jaws, creatures with heads out of all proportion to their bodies,, creatures armed with claws and teeth and spines so cruel that, to beings of their own, they must XMAS NUMBERS JUST RECEIVED. Weldon's Ladies' Journal, post free, Is. 63. Weldon's Dressmaker, post free, le. 3d. Quarterly Farts are due January, April', July and October. Alterations in price on account ofincraased postage. CHRONICLES OF EARLY MELBOURNE (1835 to 1852), By GARRY OWEN. Historical, Anecdotal and Personal, with Portraits ' and illustrations. Full Morocco, two volumes. Published at £4 4s; offered at £1 la. Suitable for Presentation. j. XX. (Late DUNN and Co.), 309 and 311 BOURKE STREET, MELBOURNE have, seemed veritable terrors of the ocean. Many of their finds, when viewed with an ordinary magnifying glass looked so fierce and awful that poor Tilda started and shivered with dread. But the vegetable life they ensnared in those nets was different entirely, microsoopio ferns and shrubs, microscopio flowers radiant with, light and color and shape and beauty that it is impos sible to describe. All this was semi -microscopic study, but it was very delightful, and tended to draw the young folks' hearts together in love and friendship advisedly, love on poor Tilda's side, friendship real and true on his. But there were giant fauna as well as semi- microscopic to be studied. Hand in hand, as if they had been two children, Frank and. Tilda often roamed up and down the decks for an hour at a time fore and aft as well. And there was invari ably something to be seen and to be admired. The birds for example. The beautiful and strange piebald guUs. But whether they sailed in the air or floated drowsily on the sea's surface always gave one the idea of mmaculate cleanliness and spotless beauty. Never a feather awry, never a line or a curve ont of proportion. The monster Albatross — great eagle of the sea — that seemed to live but to soar on the ambient air. A lord whose very will ap peared- to support or to carry him with lightning rapidity along on the wings of the wind, or dead against the strongest breeze that blew. Truly a marvellous bird. And did not this eagle of the sea afford a chance to Frank to repeat from beginning to end the whole of Coleridge's weird lay of ike c Ancient Mariner." Then there were wee, pitiful Mother Carey's chickens that looked like chips of dark lightning but that always carried a a tale, luminous house appeared walking over the- watm.v- i 1 I v.V glint of sunshine on their hack — apparently even when the sun was not shining at alL And the frigate bird, another marine wonder, who flies or soars for days and weeks without ever alighting at all, and who sleeps as he soars upon the wind. But the dark ocean itself had its formal marvels, that were startling enough at times, as when the huge black head of soma marine monster with fierce big eyes was suddenly protruded from the slope of a wave ; stare around like a nightmare, then once more disappear, leaving the astonished gazer to doubt whether the apparition had been real, and not a fearful freak of imagination. . One way and another the forenoons fled away with strange rapidity, and the luncheon hell always rang out loud and clew before either Frank or Tilda could tell how the time had slipped away. Happy youth ! Happy hours. But a change scon came. CHAPTER XXVI. — The Darkness Clung Around the Ship like Thickest Osape. " Sorrows seldom- come singly." Whoever he was who first made this remark, he must have had a fairly length ened. experience of the ups and downs of human life. No one can deny that there is considerable truth in this adage. Do we not see this exemplified almost every year ? There are runs of luck and runs of ill-luck. Perhaps there is no such thing as luck or ill- luck either in the world, and no such thing as chance. I am not stopping to consider this. My own idea is that happiness, or what are called the joys of life,, sometimes come in shoals, and griefs follow in line, too often treading on each other's hedsr. Fortune may smile on us for years, and all: at turn round and apparently make a dead eet at us. But not to moralise, let me gat at once to facts. No one there on that sunny forenoon, on the Mountain Wave,, could have dreamt that either danger or sorrow was anywhere near. To be sure the ship was becalmed, or had been, for hours, for the wind had fallen all of a sudden, gone down almost as quickly as a candle goes out when you direct the breath, upon it. In an hour after this there was not a ripple or cat's-paw to be seen even from, the masthead, only huge rolling seas, with a glow on their surface like r ercury. In the shade of the ship, had you looked overboard, so clear was the water that you could have seen right away down into cool depths, unfathomable, awful, Yes, awful, for while Frank and Tilda leaned over the bulwarks, , she . holding by a stay, he with one arm gently round her slender waist to support her, right away down there they could see strange- looking elongated little fishes, one, two, three, with dark backs and creamy-looking sides, sailing round and round. Yes, and getting larger and larger momentarily, till they appeared veritably to grow beneath their startled eyes — till at last they changed into the most terrible-looking sharks that Frank had ever beheld. Their dark fins protruded above water now, and. their sly, evil eyes almost fascinated the beholders till they could not help saying to themselves, " What an awful thing if one were seized while looking at those monsters with a kind of madness that should impel one to cast oneself into the sea !" It would indeed be a fearful thing ! Hardly would it be accomplished ere those tigers of the ocean that now looked so sly, so calm, would rouse themselves to action, would lash their tales with fiercest anger, and the sea around would speedly be red with human blood. Tilda drawback at last. " Come, "Will," she said, " I am getting fascinated. I do not know what I might not do." And the girl shuddered as she clung to Frank's arm. But steam was being got up speedily. Already the smoke was rising in great volumes from the funnel and floating around the ship like au ugly thunder cloud. Then, by-and-bye, up roared the -steam, and after one or two spasmodic gasps, like- those emitted from the lungs of a dying leviathan, the pulses of the great ship began to beat and throb, and there was a rush of foaming up-churned water heard under the stern, and the Mountain Wave began slowly to forge ahead and face the swelling seas. There was a green island some miles dis tant thai hung like an amethyst on the hori- eon — a kind of little fairyland 'twixt sea and sky, and friuged in front by three lines of snow- white, foaming breakers. Frank and Tilda liad swarmed np and on to the narrow bridge, which was reached by a ladder from near to the mainmast, and stood looking at this island through the?- field-glasses. " How beautiful it is, Will,5' she said innocently enough. " How I should like to fend there. What a primitive, happy people they must be who inhabit that lovely isle of the sea ! Does it not strike you as being a kind of floating fairyland, Will ?" Before he could reply she went on to de- ; scribe what she saw. First there are the railing seas close here in the foreground, the sunlight flashing from their surface, then the ever -widening blue expanse of ocean, then those lines of snowy breakers, with here and there a darker rift where no waves seem to break, then another strip of blue, next a sandy beach, only a shade less white than the breaking waves, ; and last of all the green, green trees. ' And now, O, now, I can see dark figures on the heach, hurrying and scurrying : hither and thither,, like ants on a summer lawn when their nest has been disturbed. What a pity; Will, we are not closer to the shore. I'm sure the Captain would let us fend." Frank laid a hand gently on her shoulder, aud she looked up in smiling confidence. " Do you know, my dear little shipmate, what you might expect if you were to land yonder?" he asked. " O, a warm welcome from the poor creatures." 1 t " Very. It would be so excessively warm that you would be sorry ever vou had been. born. Why, Tuly, those are savages, and mora than likely cannibals. They would cook and eat my little shipmate," " I don't believe it, Will. More than likely they would cover me with leaves,, and I should be Queen of the Cannibal Isles. See, they have lit a fire now." " Yes ; that is to warn us off, or to tell us what to expect if we show face on thai floating fairyland." "But why should they hate the white man P" 1 ' The white man's own fault, dear chum. Many yesrr ago, Tfliy; it waff proposed by wise legislatorar that a contract with mutual benefit# accruing therefrom might be entered : into between the natives-of very many of the islands that are- dotted all around in. these seas and: our white brethren of Australia. We, the whito folks, were authorised to go and make a bargain with these black brothers of ours. Thay, the black brothers, were to be offered a free passage to some of our colo nies, good food, good pay, some extra gar ments — for in the matter of wearables they are exceedingly primitive — and a safe return to their own bonnie shores. "At the first off-go the whites were ex ceedingly good to the hlackfellowe, and very willing andexcellent workers they found them. And when the natives returned they spread a good report. They had seen and resided in a fend flowing with milk and honey, and they had come back in peace and with money -beautiful bronze money with which they might purchase tobacco and even rum from passing ships. 4 ' So things went on for a time, hut, lo ! the perfidious whites broke faith with their sable brothers. They came to treat them anyhow, so to speak. They cheated them, they heal them, they starved them, and they even charged them for their passage hack. So ii came to pass that the white men we e looked upon as devils, Tilly, and some of them on landing on fresh islands received the doom of devils, and were burned alive. " Retaliation was now the cry of the white men, and the -worst of these saw their way, under the pretext of meeting out justice to these islanders and avenging their de funct fellows, of making a very good thing of it indeed. So, instead of fending peace fully to bargain for labor, they landed on plunder and revenge intent ; they mnrPiji women and; babes, they fired villages and took prisoners. These prisoners on halng oarried off to the vile blood-reeking ships of there black-birdera, as those engaged in thfa traffic are called, were offered their liveaif they would serve a# laborers and volunteers. So the poor creatures ' volunteered.' And thus the traffic went — a kind of internecine war, Tilly — and. thus it is going on till this day. " When our pretty black-birders find out an island where the deceitful character pf white men has not gone before them, then, indeed, they have a prize. For they treat the poor creatures with great kindwoag at first. They make them presents of beads and cloth, and receive in return fruit, fish and honey. When friendly relations ate fairly established they give a feast or two on board the ship itself, and administer a modi cum of fire water, and in the midst of the feasting and general jollity down below, the hatches are suddenly clapped oil, sail is set, and away to sea goes the pretty black- birder, with his cargo of Volunteers. Whet think you of this for a true picture of frritisli slavery, my dear, and innocent Tilly !" "It is brutal, horrible," cried Tilda, with the tears in her eyes," and I think it is cruel in the extreme, in the English Go vernment, not to put such a fearful trade down. Why don't tliey ?" "Because, Tilly, the IriBh question must take precedence of everything else, pwd, because it is supposed to be for the good of civilisation, and the spread of religion and encouragement of colonisation, that all these cruelties should exist." " Daar Will, " said Tilda, ' you h&yp; quito taken the romance ont of my fairy-land afloat. But see, it is receding from us now." "Yes, Tilly, sinGe we have been talking and yarning here, lo and behold, the engineers and stokers have been busy below; and steam is up at last." " I don't like steam." "No, nor I. Iain old-fashioned enough to love the white wings that ship spreads to waft thsm swan- like o'er the water. To me Jiving in a noisy, hot, and guilty steamship, lilWavs smacks of life in a mill, there u neitherrest nor romance about it, night nee day; azd instead of really enjoying oneself, bne jA lways in a kind of fever to get the Voyage fiver, intent every day at noon In discovering what the ran has been for the Jast ioui and twenty hours, and when the rship will reach her journey's end. In s steamship, Tilda, ' man never is but always to be blest,' in a sailing craft, if there beany repose ahont his nature at all, he can be a calm, contented and happy as the summen day is long. " But come, dear Tilly, I am keeping y on . np in the sun here far too long, and look; your pretty white dress is getting quits colored with blacks. Let me help you down the steep stair.'' " I'm sure I should never be tired staying up here, Will, with you by my side, to talk thus pleasantly to me." Frank sighed. " You are always sighing," said Tilda, frankly. " I'd give a good deal to know toe history of your life. I'm sure there is a lady in it." " Isn't there a lady in the history of evmy man's life, T Sly ? I feel sure there is. Ladies are a great power for good or evSL Gome. Sixteen steps. Fat your right foal first for luok." A moment after, Tilda was safe ou deck; and standing by her mother's side. " O, mother," she said, putting n«. half round that capacious waist, " Mr Smith has been telling me such dreadful storiq| about black beetles." " Black beetles, child? You mean Gook roaches." "No, mother, no, I didn't mean blao|c beetles, but black- birders, dreadful whito men, you know, that land on the island! around here, capture the natives, and oarrw them away from their homes into exile anal slavery." " Is that so, Mr Smith ?" " I fear it is only tod true, Mrs Keighlfc said Frank. "Tell mother what yon told me." Tilda. » ""¥ Frank looked as if he did not much relisk resuming his narrative, and was nnfeirnedji relieved when Mrs Colonel Keighly : " 0, no, dear Tilda, I should have dreanuL ' nightmares and all kinds of bogey-haunto) > sleep, you know how weak my heart is !" Then she put her arm through Chatty's ana, r sailed away ait. On over the sunlight sea steamed tfta Mountain Wave, on and ou and on. Many a little green isle was passed, and many A o , dangerous shoal as weU. Tor these last men were constantly on the outlook. indeed, was any broken water observable, only a ohange of color in the deep blue of the ocean's breast could be distinguished sometimes, as much as. a league away ; then the course would be altered somewhat ana the ship kept away from all source of danger. But these wide green or yellow patches were not the worst feature in the navigation of these treaoherous seas. For sometimes a dark patch of rocks would seem to rise i up almost under the very bows of the good ship, and she had to have a very bard-down helm indeed to avoid a collision that would inevitably have resulted m destruction. The truth is the vessel had someho w got considerably out of her course, and although Ben Boniface had sailed 'twixt ; Sydney and 'Frisco more times than he oould tell on his ten fingers, he had somehow gone astray this T But towards evening, a good hour, indeed, before the great crimson suu sank down in the burning west, and night's starry pall had fallen o'er the ocean, all danger seemed past. Never a green isle was to be seen, and never a patcb of grey water, or yellow even, from the mainmast head. So extra hands were put in the chains and good outlooks stationed. Then even Boniface himself gave a sigh of relief as he descended to his cabin to dress for dinner. _ , , It is wonderful what bold sailors «hose men are who know nothing of the sea and its perils. Cholly was one of these. No number of voyages could ever have made a seaman of Cholly. His bunk was always his 44 bed," his cabin his 44 bedroom," the steward was waiter," — and don't faint my seafaring friend — he positively talked of the upper deck as the "lid" of the ship. As to ropes or spars, rigging, sails or shrouds, Cholly knew no more than Rover himself. But he never thought of danger, never dreamt he was not quite as safe on board ship as he could have been in the Great Western hotel, Paddington, or the Palace at 'Frisco. When Frank took Tilda down to dinner that evening he found Captain Ben standing by the glass, and humming a tune to himself. This was a habit Ben had when deeply im mersed in thought. " How is the glass, captain V said Frank, leaving his seat for a minute to join the Bturdy mariner. Ben laughed a little puzzled kind of a laugh, and looked at Frank. 4 'You're a sailor, " he said, 44 perhaps you understand it. Bother me if I do." 44 Why," he continued, 44 to my certain knowledge that glass has risen and fallen twice within the hour and now ifc is going tumbling down again." Frank looked serious. "I confess, Captain Ben," he said, " that I don't like it. We're going to have some thing, I guess." 44 O, yes, it is main easy to gues3 that, but what that something is going to be is the puzzle." " Well, sir," said Frank, "though we can't help being uneasy, let us hope for the best. Thank your stars, Captain Ben, you've got steam up. Ah ! here comes Mrs Colonel Erighly." Cholly and she entered just at that moment, but somehow his merry, empty laugh seemed to jar terribly on Frank's feelings, as he sat down to dinner besides Tilda. He longed to check the man's merriment, and tried to do so without ! farming the ladies. j 44 Cholly," Le said, 4 4 were you ever in a gale of wind ; a downright blow, you know?" 44 Dear hoy, yes, in a score on 'em. They never frighten Cholly." 44 1 trust, Captain Boniface," said Mrs Colonel Keighly, " that we are not about to experience bad weather?" 44 We may have a little puff, madame," was the reply, " we cannot always expect to have it fine, you know." So the dinner proceeded, much as usual, Cholly being in his very finest form, the doctor ready to laugh at anything that any- , body said, Captain Ben still looking puzzled . and far more silent than Frank liked to 6ee him. Hardly was desseri: finished ere Ben stole on deck and Frank followed him. Both of these men had experienced many a dark night- in the tropics, but never surely anything so inky black as this. It was appalling in the extreme, not the sign of a Btar was visible, the darkness clung around the ship like thickest crape. The light fro m the binnaote pierced in straight lin6s the smoke that issued from the funnel ; though close thereto it seemed a rolling, twisting cloud of fire, and was almost immediately swallowed up in the mysterious blackness. Even the ship's white wake was Been but a little way, while forward ; if one turned his gaze, his very eyeballs seemed turned to Stone. 44 Strange, isn't it ?' said Ben, as he turned once more to go below. 44 Strange, indeed, and mysterious, too," said Frank, 44 but. I think we'll soon have it. .sir." ' \- " Have what, Mr Smith ?" 41 1 don't know, sir." % About half an hour after this, all were sitting in the saloon, but a lull had taken place in the conversation. Everyone was silent, and apparently listening. s Suddenly rapid footsteps were heard advancing aft. Next moment the Bkylight was thrown open, and the scared face of the Yankee mate looked down. 44 Great God ! sir," he exclaimed, 44 come np at once. There is a spirit walking towards ne over the sea !" CHAPTER XXVII.— The Oar-coxa of the Awful Storm. The mate's face looked ghastly in the S&re; of the lamp-light, and there was such a epth, such an intensity of terror in the timbre of his voice, that a cold shudder ran through everyone who heard him speak. :i "au suddenly gone out of his mind to talk of a spirit walking over the water, and on a night such as this, too ? . , wonder the ladies turned pale and breamed m the strange way a sleeper screams Uifler the Influence of a terrible nightmare. Captain Ben and Frauk rose at ouce and nibbed on deck. Tie rest crept together at one end of the E&looxrio; wait and listen. The Bate was at the ten of the companion te ieceivf his captain. He had a ship's lan- tern in his hand, and now took his way for ward, the others following mechanically as lt Past the hatchways up through which the gleams of light from the engine-room fires rose in red straight rays, outting and piercing the inky gloom above as if with swords of flame, past the mainmast, past the foremast and into outer darkness beyond. The mate held the lantern one moment on high, and its yellow rays glimmered on the pale and frightened faces of the men gathered round the bows. Then ifc went suddenly out, and Frauk now beheld a sight that might well make sailors stand silent and awed, under the spell of superstitious dread. Away, far over perhaps on the starboard bow was 44 the spirit walking over the waters," and coining straight towards the ship. A tall, luminous figure as ifc ap peared at that momenfcr a ghostly appari tion that seemed to hang betwixt the horizon and the nearer sea ; a figure that moved hifchsr and thither, and baokwards and forwards, now larger, now momen tarily less, and anon pointing a ghostly ftrm Rkv- wards. No one 6poke a word for a time, perhaps no one coufd speak — if their feelings were any semblance to those of Frank, they must have felt as if under the spell of some evil dream. The spectre -advanced now, rapidly growing larger and larger as it neared the Bhip, growing- apparently more transparent, too, till presently it was Been to consist of a pale bluish shimmering light or flame. And the water of the sea directly beneath it was strangely moved, but how or by what it was impossible to say. Nearer and nearer, larger and larger. And now it was almost on them : almost over the ship. " Great God !" the mate exclaimed again, but in a strange and far-away-like voice, 44 wa are all dead men." 44 The Lord have mercy on us," said some one else. The strange spirit- light was on them now ; it was all about and around them, a mist and shroud of outlines, on the sea and on the fear ful, ghastly and bewildered faces of the crouching crew. Frank looked overboard ; the water seemed alive with darksome shapes. One, two, three, then -a dozen gruesome beasts, he could count ; he could see the writhing of their tails, their heals, and their awful eyes. No more mysterious, no more terrible sight than this had ever before perhaps been seen in tropic seas. But out spoke the skipper's voice at last, and boldly it rang all over the ship. 44 Keep up your courage, boys, it is only St. Eima's fire on. a larger scale 1" The strange, luminous mist was now some distance astern, getting less and less again till it once more assumed theappearanoa ascribed to it by the superstitious mate, that of a spirit walking ovhr the sea. The men watched it till it quite disappeared in the far distance. The mate relit hi3 lantern, and all crowded round the skipper as if to seek for some explanation of the carious and fearful ap parition. " I have no very lucid explanation to give, boys," he said. 44 We cannot deny we have seen a rare and a fearful sight. Men have seen the same before." 44 And lived?" 44 Yes, boys, and lived to tell of it. Bat science can give us no clue as to its cause, only that it is connected with phosphorescence and electricity." 44 But the creatures in the water, sir ? Those awful beasts, what were they F — and what were they doing ?" 44 That," said the skipper, 4 4 is the most easily explained part ol the whole business. They were either sharks or sea- elephants, or maybe some of both, though our foolish fears magnified them into huge, writhing black snakes. It is well known that the creatures that dwell in the sea, and the creatures in the universal earth for that matter, are fond of light, and that they will come to ifc from afar, and follow ifc and go with it wheresoever it goes. That ex plains that part of the entertainment, for on a night of such intense darkness as this St. Elma's fire trailing over the bosom of the black water would b9 bound to attract sharks from every quarter of the compass. Good night, men. Mate, tell the steward to let the crew have a glass of grog. Show a light here till we get aft." Throb— throb — throb went the pulse of the moving ship ; throb— throb. There was the working of the great shaft, and the churning of the waters under the stern iww gj.Vxu£ pinuc to a loose, rattling souna as the vessel plunged momentarily head first into the trough of a great smooth sea leaving tne crew to revolve in empty air. Throb — throb — throb then ceased, and all was still. No longer a hush, but sileace deep as death from stem to stem of the uighfc- enshrouded ship. Captain Ben had hi« hand upon, ths companion-hatchway, the tall mate held the lantern high aloft, and all eyes were turned aft in the darkness. Boa knew what was coming, and so did Frank, and knew, too, whose were the advancing footsteps. 44 We are broke down, sir." 4 4 I'm very sorry to hear ifc, engineer. With out a breath of wind or air, with a storm of some kind brewing, in this terrible darkness, and with shoals not far off perhaps, I don't think, our position is one to be envied, Anv chance of your being able to repair her soon?" 44 Not the ghost of a chance for daya or weeks, if ever.' 44 Well, it can't be helped, Mr Dean. Let the fires out. Mate, See to ifc thai: the sails are ready to be hoisted at a moment's notice." 44 Ay, ay, sir." " And listen," — Ben talked almost in a whisper — 4 4 see that the boats are watered, provisioned and all ready to lower." 44 Ay, ay; sir." When Frank and Ben went below again, they found Cholly himself seated at the piano. 44 Been trying to choir the ladies np, Cap tain, dear," he said, 44 bnt whatever have you been all np to? Poor mate has got spirits on the brain, hasn't he ? But what have yon stopped the ship for, eh ?" At that moment, and just as Captain Ben, was about to reply to CbpHy® KfglSe skylight and saloon were fit UP ol lightning of eoh. 'eu'ow and dim to be turned upwards at th0 . Q t _g every rope and spar on deck 8\\. dark and clear as if it had been noo The silence that followed theft 18 .. tense and long. No one moved from toe position he or she had occupied w glare filled the saloon. The pealcame at last, beginning with a far-off m drawing nearer and still moe neF _ crashed over the ship with a dm so ®ea , so apallmg, that when it ceased u was - cult indeed to believe that masts had not been splintered, and yards and rigging hurled downwards on the deck. . The storm now broke over the stop in all its fury, flash on flash, and peal on peal, rain falling almost with.ihe violence o water- spout, and breaking as deck into spray. In the glare of the ince - sant gleams of lightning, the falling rai looked like oords of fire or streams of nre, golden, crimson and blue, while sea an clouds seemed all ablaze. . . Without one half- hour of intermission toe storm raged all night long, ceasing only when the sun rose in the eastern horizon, and his blood-red beams flashed over the heaving world of waters. And not till then did Frank M'Naugnton turn in, all standing, for a few hours' repose. Cholly was sound asleep, and had been so probably for many hours, for a man like this has no more knowledge of danger than a babe in arms. (to be continued.) 