" ow habll We Deaide T'l Qusetlon?" -OW, WHICH IS THE WORSE-TO HAVE NO APP''TITE FOR YOUR DINNER, OR TO HAVE NO DISNER FOR YOUR APPITITE There are lots cf people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person to. wards his meal. But most of us are not blessed to that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, without reasonable limits, it is betttr to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eat. Lug, stal'ds in need of "alterations and repairs." to illustrate. We reecntly received a com. munl:ation in which the writer says. "1 was afraid to eat." Did he fancy ale food watspei smed, or didi his nature rebel apains the nourishment lived on 1 If the latter, whyl Let him clear the mystery himself. le says,'In the year 1889 I changed my work from rai'way porter to signalman. I had been signa!man twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavor: the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the che4 and shoulders, which were always right befote I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a hall in my throat, and actas it it would choke me." We cannut wonder that under these cireum stanees our friend failed to do justice to his meals. Ile adds that there was what he calls "a pricking scnsation "at his heart, as though it were touched with sonm sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled oft him. "I dreaded," he says, " the thought of eating, and MANY A SCANTY MEAL HIAVE I IUADE, FOR I WAS ARAI') TO EAT. " After a time I gut into a low, weak, ner* vonu condition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a gool deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of same calamity, such as the lessof his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blocd (the life bearer) his unstrung nerves, and to the brain eufeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and gob. lios, the creatures of a restless and ungo. verned imagination. "With giceat difficurlty,"he says '" I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de. penldiug on me. Se, I struggled ou, but wlmt I ssftered for over two years is past my powers of descriptiJn. I .A eBus No oNEr iAS IF. FERIED 80 MUCII AS I UAVE DONE." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always iharder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countlcss multitude who are all the while going through the saam wretched experience, only we don't happeh to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all melical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a casr EXACtLY LIKE llIs owN having been co?ed by Mother Seigel's Syrup. "3ly wif," he says, " got-me a bottle at -r. Langstaff's, in Woo I!esforl,and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should :ike the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been emplsed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (signed) " GEoRGE IIOT; ', " Car Bottom Isoa I, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Ifunt's s'esire, in order that part at the world an least may know who thankfql he is and for what reason, 