TINE lISERS LEGACY. "He's come, Mr. Herman -"Cpme? Come at last? Are you sure of it, Joq?" : . Su're as taxes," said Joe Poppinger. with a confident nod of his head.*.'-He's taken that old ho?e-tbhe Haunted House, the neigh bors call it-and he's moved into it, bag and baggage, which aitini'uch, by the way." \- ". y servants with him, Joe1" " : y one-a crooked old. woman-as threw a porringer of hot water over me when fIcame rouhd to nx if I couldLhe of any use. If they only owned a black-cat I'd have the whole kitand boodle of'em up for witchcraft. Inever did come across such a rum lot in all mylif ." S"Did yon see the old man yourself, Joe 2"' "See him. Mr. Herman 1. I see a bundle of old 'bones, tied round the middle, with a -palm-leaf patterned, dressing- gown and a flannel night-cap on'his head, and.I s'posed likely thdre couldn't be two such outlandish agd out f om tI2 furniture cart like acraiy spider. - "That will do Joe, Here isa half-a-crown for you." - " "Thank'ee, sir. Much obliged to you, sir." And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn,shtmbled away. grinning and.pulline at the fronit ot'his cap, while lerman Franklyn leaned, whistlihg, against the pillar of the "front verandah. - SS old Miner ~uolineaux had arrived at last \--the rich and eccentric relative-on the re version of whose fortune.real orsupposed, lihe hal all his life been building nrinal ca.tles. At aInst--anl Ilerman resolved the very next day to call ar.d pay his respects, altlhoug the old woman with the hot water did not add to the dlelights of contemplating this visit. " If 'hsadn't heard from his lawyer that he had takin a lease of the Stone House," mused Mr. Franklyn, ." I certainly never should -have buiied myself in this out-of-way place -awaiting his advent: and if I hadn't thought I could. work into his good graces I never shonld'lhite taken the trouble to hunt him up. I Heigho I Sometimes I[:-think it would be easier to work for money than to ifiherit And so the next day Mr. Franklyn 'called' Miner Molineaux received him very coolly, sittingimong his treasores, like3Mnrinu'smid the Yuins! of Carthage. But Franklyn noticed that he kept one-hand on the ring of a "mdlocked iron box beside him -as he talked:. i -' ' ell. youne man, and what do you anht?" he asked, impatiently, when the old woman, who evidentlyconsidered that Mr. Franklyn was no subject for -the hot water treatment,; shbwed him in. So -iniuire. after. your health, Cousin Miner,' said the young man smoothly. Sllumnph I My health is well enough ?. Better than you wish it. I dare say." •*'- Ly tlear sir--" " llutit Will make no difference to you. acidly went on the old man, still nervously fingerin&.the rings of the iron box. "I don't deny-that I have a treasure-to leave bthind me--" Hermon Franklyn s eyes glistened. " But it. will be to those who consult my :wishes more than you have done " :.i, Bul, my dear cousin----' \- " Woris are all very well," said thid old \- miser, shriigging his shoulders,' bhut deed speak the loudest. You knew. very well my -aversion to:matrimony-and yet you go andl engage yourself te get marriedt to a girl who: hasn't a penny. Ehil -Don't you ?, in a. rising infliection like a bark. " And then, after coolly disregarding all niy wishes.you expect me to leave you this this"' tap+ptg, as.he spoke, on the lid of.the box. \- "But?.Cousin Miner, if yt' wish me, I will certainly adapt myself to your opinions, . t did not kpow that - " Stuff disd nonsen.uc I" yelled the old mat "What yot'knew or didn'tknow is perfectil immateris-h.to me. Leave me to my book, \- writinn,. .Thbt's all Lasnk of-,an, So Mr. Frankliyn went moodily away. "I must break my engagement," isid he to himself. "That's the first tiing. W:fiit:the' second will be depends entirelyon fate and, fortune." Jouie. Hall was sitting in the. farm-house kitchen, peeling potatoes. She was a black eyed, damask-cheeked- girl, with-velvetyeye brows, and a round, red dot of a mouth ; and in thse -dark eyes glistened a light- half resentful, half ansslh; asshe looked straight at Herman Franklyn. " I understand," said she, " you want to break the engagement. Now that your rich uncle has come to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. . . . - . "It isn't that, Jsie, believe me," said Franklyn, twisting:himself about, with -the signals of keen mortificatiun blazing; oii his check. "' But I think perhaps it- would be: better for both of us--" . "And I haven't the least doubt of it," pas. sionately interrupted Josie. with heaving breast and quivering lips. " A thi~sand times better; for I value the love of no man who can Idas'e me thus. . Pray don't waste your time in conjuring up any farther excuses. They are quite unnecessary. I wish you a very good morning." And she went on peeling her potatoes, while llerman Franklyn crept out of .the house, feeling very like a whipped cur. - For a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, biut the reward-as at least he esteemed it-came at last. Mr. 3MinerMolineaux fell ill. Beingiill.he was frikhtenedl. Being frightened he was solitary. And consequently he sent, for his cousin Franklyn, aithing he never would harve dune in health. " You don't think I'm going to diedoyou, IIpl~p Ca"- he askcd, trts loully -_ ".Oh~there's no dange ait all," reas;:lrert thbý-young man, as the doctor had that morn said that tea patient's spirts musthe kept up at allh azrhilqL' - "And you won't leave me ?" " Certinly not, if my presence can be of any satisfaction to you," responded the de lighted (?ortune-seeker. ." Bil.tbat' girt that you're engaged to," tgrombled, M?)Molineax; "she won't like "Do yon think that I could peraistin any thing contrary to your wishes?" reproach olily asked Herman Franklyn. "The en Iagement is broken" : " Good I" croaked the old man;:. "Eigage iients are a hiiuibug, in any event. Engage ments to girls'that hiven't*anytliinga-p.ijill. worie" .Coisin Fiitrklyh, ybu've, moresense than I gave you credit for." Day by day Miner.Molineaux grew-worse. On the forth afternoon be sent for a lawyer and madechiaswill. On thpfifth,hebecame 'spechleýs, Onlthe sixth he died.. ; ' "' My fortune is made now," thought Ifer man, who had- listened at the doorduring. tlie interview with the lawyer, and.heard di. rections given connecting his nam'e with the pallocked iron box, whereof the key hung. riiind t tlin dead man's "nck.' And he felt that 'lobie had been.well sacrificed " rou wasn't -at.tlie tuneral, ech I"- salt .Mrs. Pierce to the Widow Ialli, hile'Josie' needle flew.faste tlhannever through,the cam bric she was hemming. "Well,no,":said the widow, "I nin'tpartial to funerals in general, and I didn't, fe.el no special call to put myself out to see an-old .miserburied, that I never saw nor spoke to while'lheCwa alive." . " A eman can't be a miser without he'a got money, can he ?" said Mrs.rPierce. ' . \- "I don't rightly know about that,".said. Widow Hall. "1ipky.jou donvtLmeiji .saO fthat olla-ronuieuax altnilda any.!n after all I". " Nothing but a few:sticks of furniture, and some rusty.coin, as. no decent store keeper woulllgive change for." The widow's eyes shone-through her spec' tecl glassce. : , . ' "Laud o' massy I" said she. " And what was in the iron box as everybody-had so much to sa. about-the iron box asý was willed to Ilrrman Franklyn.' "Just the sheets of paper as held a diction ary tlheold man had been writing all his days: 'anuscript, the lawyer called it, whatever that may be. lie thought.it was worth a deal of money, and he'd- spent his all hunting up books as nobody-but himself. ever heard of; and .travelling about'- the. country.to pick up information: . " Huinph " said the Widow Mall. " And what did young Franklyn say ?" ' I didn't sit near enough.to him to rightly hear," said Mrs. Pierce,!' but them as did tells me he swore an awful oath when he saw what was in the boia,and flung the whole' -bundle on..the back of the lire. 1 saw it blaze up myself." -*' And was that- all 2 asked the Widow Hall. " That was all," responded her informant. " I ani glad of it " -cried outJosie, spring ing up with sparkling.eycs. "I neverwasso gliad of anything in all my life. He's served right for once." Mr. Franklyn callel .thi next day,-meek and subdued., If Josie had been a. model, heroine she would h'voe thrown boah her arms around bi .neck and vowed that she? loved him better than ever. lut.she was only a very human little girl, so she stood tip Swith dignity and said: ' " I wonder at your assurance in coming here, after all that has transpired, Mr. Franklyn." Slint, Josie "Thereis thedoor, sir I" said Josie "Please to walk ontl" . - And there was nothing left for it but .tc " walk out." Old Miner Molincanx sleeps quietly in the villane graveyard, .and .public rumor har added yet another ghost to tie spectral poip lation of the HIhunted Huasic-a yellow-vis. a ged old olbge, who wears a wig, and carries in his hand arpadlocked box. 