AUSTRALIAN IILLIONAIRE. BY MBS. A. BLITZ. [Aix Eights Reseeved.] book n, CONTENTS OP VOL. U. CHAPTER. I. After Twenty Tears II. Eoland Breaks His Promise III. Mrs. Calliport is Cruel to be Kind IV. Jessie Clutches at Heroism V. The Breach Bepaired VI. Lockatnd Flays a Losing Card VII. Wheel Within Wheel VIII. Larry Shows His Teeth IX. The Saint Victorious X. Scattering Seed on Barren Ground XI. Failing to Stem the Current XIL A Bid wart of Straw XIII. Mrs. Dripper Fires the Bulwark XIV. Cecil Loskstnd XV. Father and Son. CHAPTER I.— (Continued.) 'Washington Larry I' exclaimed the young icaa. ' No call to speak of the man who saved his life I Why, I know you -well, and thought never to see you, and ehowyou that I am grateful, too t' The tears sprang to Larry's eyeB, and, while his hand, fiim.lv grasping at Roland's, began to work up and down aa if at a pump-handle, he said -with some huBkinegs of speech — ' Lord ! To think I should live to see this day, after all, to see the little baby growed to a man — the little chap that poor old Jerry nigh hugged to death, and cried tears of blood over !' ' You have been a long time over in Flindeisland,' said Roland, anxious to divert thoughts which were evidently painful. ' Captain Permaeove will be as delighted to see you as I am.' ' Ay 1 I've a great liking for the cap tain ; but it's not to see him I'm here. I had a hankering to see Jerry's grave and Jerry's boy, and I've just run down for a few. months and a spell to see you come into your own, and then run off again. And now to think we should meet here, on the very spot.' ' It is the anniversary of his death,' re minded Roland. ' Don't I know it ? I reckoned for it to t-e when I left. Did your mother speak of me?' He let go the young man's hand now, and rested on his stick, as he put this question, rather dubiously. ' She may have done so, but it is from Captain Pennaeove I have heard of you, and through him that I saem to know you thoroughly,' This was a pious equivocation on Eoland' s part, for he had no recollection of the name of Washington Larry ever passing his mother's lips, so he added quickly ? ' Come and be introduced to his niece and another young lady ; they are waiting for me to join them, and we shall have to hurry to catch the train. Come.' ' Girls !' .said Larry, with a grimace at at the word, as if it had produced a bad taste in his mouth. He had an aversion to women in general, and avoided them, and he was thinking of the yellow-haired witch he had reason to remember. ' Girls !' ' Come,' repeated Roland, as he made a step forward, and, stooping, lifted the felt hat from the grass, and placed it on Larry's head, to be rewarded with a grate ful look and a ' Thank you,' as well as immediate concession to his wish. 'Mother alive?' queried the old man, as he walked towards the young ladieB re luctantly, but unable to refuse Jerry's boy anything. 'Yes.' ' Still got yaller hair P' ' Oh yes ! She looks girlish even now Bometimes.' ' Hum 1' mumbled Larry ; » it ought to have turned like mine, I should think.' , Roland heard the muttering, but not the Words, In his haste he took rapid strides, with which the old man kept pace at his side, and, reaching the ladies, he cried— ' Una, Mid ! this is my father's dearest, best, most loyal friend, Mi. Larry. Mi. Larry, this ' — pointing to the blonde ? ** is Miss Una Pennaeove, and this ' --pointing to the brunette — ' is MisB JesEie Lock Btud.' Una and Jessie bowed, and Larry did the Eame rather awkwardly, and was about to Bay something polite or flattering to the captain's niece, when the name of Lock stud momentarily chased all power of speech from his tongue, and made him positively frown at the guileless little creature who happened to own it. ' There goes the whistle 1' Roland called out excitedly. ' We shall miss the train if we don't hurry.' The necessary call for speed prevented further parley or comment, and the four hastened to the station, to find they had time to stand on the platform in waiting for a few minutes. Larry drew Roland on' one eide, and asked — 'Who is that f Roland, following the direction of Larry's aod, replied — 'Miss Lookstud.*' ' I've got a sieve of a memory for names, but that one don't slip through — it's got too %uch hanging on to it ; I ain't likely to forget it. Got any relations f' 'Plenty,' laughed Roland. 'Parents, sisters, and brothers.' 'What's her father?' ' Manager of the Civic Bank.' ' Called what P' ' Theodore LockstudJ' ' Ah !' The monosyllable was a groan. -: Let's talk of something else.' 'OgTei' cried JesBie to Una, resentnig Larry's manner, as they stood apart. ' Eccentric, dear,' corrected Una. '« Uncle teiifi me that Mr. Goldwin'c death nearly drove him mad. They, were so dear to each other. A man- capable of such love, Mid, cannot be an ogre.' ' Pm on for the smoking carriage, youngster,' said Larry, with a hand affec tionately pressing Roland's arm, ' but we'll meet again. Fm pat up at the Vir ginia Arms; come and see me.' 'Til come to-night,' xesponded Roland impulsively. ' I want you to tell me all about my father.' ' You're a brick !' exclaimed Larry with earnestness, as he hurried away to his de sired smoke, without any further recogni tion of the young ladies or saying good bye. ' He is not a model of politeness, your, friend,' remarked Una Pennaeove, when she, with Roland and Jessie opposite, was seated in the carriage and was steaming back to Phillipia. ' An ogre,' reasserted Jessie, disinclined to give up the word. ' He glared at me as if he would sead fire out of his eyes to burn me upon the spot, and I had actually been pitying him.' Roland looked vexed, and declared ag gressiveness. 'You are speaking of the man who saved my father's life, who -was his bosom, friend,' he said, turning to Jessie. Jessie made no reply ; she colored, and her throat swelled with the pain of re strained tears. She could not bear Ro land's displeasure, and in consciousness of having offended him she could not speak, while he thought she was sulky ; but he did not understand her. And next Una spoke— ' Mid does not mean what she saya. We saw tears in his ©yes when he parted with you, or rather we saw him wipe them away with h\\* hand, and she is still sorry for him, thinking he has some trouble.' ' You are right, Una. The poor old fel low was too much moved to remember conventionality. He is still mourning my father's death, and if he is rough and unpolished and uncultured, what matter f He is honeBt and faithful now, as he was when he stood by his friend and got a broken arm for his sake. Pniliipia was hateful to him after that friend's death, and so he rushed from it to take your uncle's place on the Btation, and now after 20 years he has returned to visit the grave on the anniversary of my dear father's death, as -we have done to- day, and to remain in Phillipia till I come of age. I think we ought to make him a guest of Goolgun.' ' And if not of Goolgun he shall come to UnaviUe,' said Una, who had her doubts as to the welcome such a man as Mr. Larry would receive from Mrs. Gold win. *? You know our house, which is called Unaville in my honor, was once ?Bachelor's Nest,' and his home and your father's a long time ago, before we were born.' Roland understood the gist of her pro mise ; he knew why she had said, ** If not of Goolgun he shall come to Unaville,' and he thanked her ; -while Jessie, clasping her little gloved hands in her lap, had turned her face to the window and still maintained silence j she also knew why Una had so spoken. A proposition to give bed and board to Jeremiah Gold win's friend beneath his -widow's roof was not one likely to find favor with that widow for many reasons unknown to her son. He was thoroughly ignorant of all that had gone before, but not of her disposition to domi neer and control. He was not so careless of her rule as might be expected from an only child, who is sometimes converted into an insuffer able nuisance through over-indulgence and the weak government of misguided love. Roland Goldwin had never been spoiled by silly clemency or superabundance of affection or adulation. His natural sweet ness of disposition and loving characteris tics had craved for a reciprocal rash of tenderness from the beautiful woman he called « mother.' Mrs. Dripper — who was a fixture at Gool gun still, and had been from the time she began to administer to his wants — was softer, kinder, more gentle in every way towards him. She had taught him his alphabet and nursery rhymes, and told him bloodcurd ling tales of ghost or goblin, and milder ones of fairy, mermaid, or giant ; while his mother, indifferent to the pleasure of unfolding the infantile mind, had strict re gard for his healthy physical development;. She commenced to superintend his diet as soon as he could euck a crust or enjoy broth. She never allowed him out of her sight, in dread of those comestibles so dear to the juvenile palate being offered to him. She studied medical books on infancy and childhood, and adopted all their rules. If an epidemic broke out in suburb or city, she was off to some distant colony with him and Mrs. Dripper. O£ course a lew -who knew her .well smiled meaningly, and said it was only natural after all, considering how much depended upOn his life j for the peculiari ties of her husband's will were not un known to them. This close, anxious watching continued from his infancy to boyhood and up to the present time, and made the victim wish his mother less solicitous about his health and more for *'«* general happiness ; for he did not know until recent years what possibili ties she feared, and why, while she eneouraged him in athletic sports and gymnastic exercises, she forbade him eo indulging in the summer months to insure against wet flannels and consequent chills, . which he would have braved with the incautiousness of robust youth, which knows not what it is to suffer and laughs at risks. ' *~ ? ' . Neither could he know why she was cold and austere. She was a puzzle to him, and with her- oppressive rigid role it occurred to him that he was worse off than the Czar, with his mother's ever-watchful eyes as zealous as the body-guard on the alert jto detect lurking bullet, blade or dynamite. He had never entered a school lor fear of ' pestilence stalking in the darkness' within its walls. His education had been conducted by tutors, and for companionship lie had to thank the children of Theodore Lockstud, at whose house Mrs. Goldwin's Wishes in regard to his food were respected. He grew and thrived amidst Priscilla's boy's and girls as one of her own, and he -was fond of all in the house excepting its master, of whom he, like his little companions, was somewhat afraid. They never laughed aloud,, or played,or shouted, j when he Was by. ' s. There are certain people the influence of whose nature acts like an unwholesome cell, where God's free air cannot enter, and -where, as dictated My natural laws, a light must expire. The light died out of the the children when the father's presence clouded the atmosphere they breathed, Roland felt something of the heavy air too, but loved to be of *'« household neverthe less. Fortunately for him he could revel in a sunshine, more often than not, which was denied to him ^ at Goolgun. When Una Pennaeove, a tall angular girl of 12 years, became an orphan and shared her Uncle's homers his adopted daughter, he found in her an affinity of soul still more precious to brighten, his boyhood. Priecilla Lockstud loved him from his baby-toddling days. Was he not the foster brother of her first-born ? She laughed at his jokes, and cried over his dieapj oint- ments, and eulogised each kindly senti ment and chivalrous action emanating from him. To her and the Pennacoves he perhaps owed at the present day much that was excellent in his character. He was now a student of the Phillipia University, and aspiring to his degree of B.A. So:was his friend Una, and very often they conned from the one book, but he was addicted to over-application in his anxiety for success, and in this matter again the maternal guardianship sometimes arose to irritate him, If in the afternoon he worked too long, he was told to closs his book and go for a walk. If in the night, absorbed in some particular study beneath the midnight gas, to his discomfiture his mother's voice came through the keyhole of the door like a curfew-bell, ' Turn off the gas/' and dark ness -would fall upon him. In one way she never interfered, and therein lay a very happy side to his existence. He had a handsome allowance to do with as he pleased, -without stint, comment, or question ; for was there not a glorious milch cow, as it seemed, at John Tackerline's office, from which he could draw a copious draught now and again, destined to quench the desires of others as -well as his own. It was an advantage of which he was duly conscious, and for which he was sincerely grateful, because a flow of generosity always his never knew a check to its practical exercise. Perhaps there is more to be said of the text, ' It is more blessed to give than to receive,' than has been written. It is mostly accepted in a celestial sense ; the action of giving is to be set down to our credit in the great book, and create ex pectancy only of future reward in the dim hereafter. Is there not an immediate com pensation? Active benevolence keeps itself warm, every gift kindles a glow at its heart. It pours forth from its horn of plenty, and exults and trembles -with a sweet self-gratiilation. It is a higher law of selfishness perhaps — a fruit-laden tree on earth, yet of seed divine, and with fragrance reaching heaven — Grasp the whole world of reason, life and sense In one close system of benevolence : Happier as kinder, in whate'er degree, And height of bliss, but height of charity. , Roland, who knew he was heir to' im mense wealth, and was always planning what he should do with it to make some portion of the world happier when he should be its custodian, felt himself ap proaching the ' height of bliss.' He looked forward eagerly to his being his own master, to escaping for a time from Goolsrun and the restrictions enforced by one to whom obedience was due. He wished to give her affection, but was repulsed. They never seemed to understand each other. Mrs. Goldwin had asserted in her early widowhood her determination to dedicate her future to her son. She did not swerve from her intention, apparently, for she continued to live a retired, quiet life, almost equal to that of Mrs. Calliport — never entertaining on the previous elaborate scale. ' When her son came of age,' she said aloud, as if to defend this line of action, ' it would be another thing of course ; she -would have done her duty, and he could keep a Liberty Hall, and be as hospitable as he chose.' With her it was very different, she told her self. Certain investments could not have been made out of clippings from .her annuity had she been improvident. As it was, those investments had been conducted by the manager of tke Civic Bank, Mr. Theodore Lockstud. That gentleman was now propriety per sonified. His wife, since Jeremiah Gold win's death, had found no reason to com plain of bis over-due attention to Mrs. Goldwin. He suddenly became conscious of moral obligations, and paid no allegiance to anybody but his aunt, Mrs. Calliport, still living, but of ripe age enough to give him confident expectation of soon obtain ing that substantial acknowledgment which his unimpeachable conduct certainly merited from her. He had gone back to the bank (out of which Mrs. Goldwin had once lifted him), at Mb aunt's wish, and had gradually risen to his present position* He knew aow that she had a heavy fixed deposit at the Civic, that she had various properties besides in England, with accumu lated rents well invested there. All this promised to be a salve for his sorrow at her death bed, when it should come, and so with her golden bit in his jaws, and silver .reins about his neck, he was driven in a straight course, and if the bit hurt his mouth he bore it un flinchingly. It was scarcely, likely that under these altered habitB the old whisperings of busy scandal would be remembered, excepting by those who could not forget. Exemplary behavior on both sides had effaced the stain. Theodore Lockstud did not want for friends ; he had a fine house at the present time, wijth wide-open doors for hospitable Purposes. Morose and stern as a rule in the bosom of his family, but cordial and fre*-handed with strangers or intimates with whom it suited him to appear at his best, he was just as sooiable as Mrs. Gold win was tke reverse. Roland objected to her seclusion and ex clusion, but had no. authoritative voice in the matter, and if he now contemplated asking her to make Washington Larry her guest, he believed the fact of his friendship for her husband would compel her to make an exception in his case, and that she would not only accede to the request as a duty but as a pleasure. But when he thanked Una for saying his father's friend should be welcomed at Unaville if not to Goolgun, he knew she was prepared for his mother's opposition, yet he was not. ' How,' he argued mentally, ' could she be otherwise than gracious to one whom lie considered they both should honor ?' He led the -way to the subject that same night over the dinner table. (TO BE CONTtNUED.) 