"Was It a OHioat They SawP Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot bonrds with her. The house ie an old one, hut in good order. One night early in Dooember (1891) tho two womon looked -all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the houso. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half -past U they returned, and entered tho house laughing and talking. Biit as thoy wont into the parlour the morry humour died out of them in u second. Right in the middle of tho room stood a dark man of gigantic Btature. The uppor part of his-faoo wae ooncoalod by a mask, his \- eyes gleaming through tho eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves wore rolled up, and in one hand ho oarried a long, old-fashioned pistol. Tho women fled sareaming from tho room, and when Mr. Jennings oarne in five minutes later, ho found no one in. tho parlour and all tho doors and windows socurely looked. What was it the womon eaw t ' "During a recent period of ill health," writes ah American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On tlio fourth of those nights about 2 o'olook, i wae suddenly aroused from a doze by what teemed lite the calling of my name ; and at tho foot of tho bod stood tho imago of ihy mother just as sho looked five years before, as she was leaving homo to go on u journey, on whioh jonrnoy sho was killed in a railway disaster. I soroamed and faiuted. i was fooliaji Oiniugh to toll of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and i would hover get well. Yet i did, and am in perfect health now. i believe that vision aamo of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's m ore than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. 'Why, there's no end to tho tricks the nerves .will play off on you when your system Is out of condition. In Marah, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Juno Fostor, of Darraoott road, Fokosdown, Hants, wrote as follows: "I teas' to dreadfully nervous I oould not boar anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish-them far away in oase . I should oall out for help. This was in Juno, 1880. : I slept very badly, and in tiio morning folt little tho hotter for having gone to hod. There was often a severe pain in my head .and oyer my eyes, and i Was siok- most of tho. tpno. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stosniioh and bowels felt oald and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bod,. The doctor said he didn't know' what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food) and oould not retain even that on my stomaoh. By this tlmo l was nothing but skin arid bono. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully. I thought i should loso my senses, and my friends, agreed that i would never got batter, . "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, milled and tiskod what I was taking, She told m6 she was horsolf onco just as badly off, and was cured by Mother 'Boigol's Curative Syrup, As she scorned - to havo so much faith in this medichio, I tried it, and in- thrbo duy 8 I wub ftblto walk across tlio 'room/und by tho-c'nd of'lho weeklwent dowu- stairs. Now I am-asViiH'aii over. - i can eat .'ondOTstrpijr.rfoirrrapS taBjibijf, nervousness ll'&.l#.ipO,i'r. jjf ' ' ' ' The malady Mre, . Fotor suffered from wis indigestion end dyspepsia and nervous prostra- tlon. Tho original cnuso was grief and shook at the violent doath of hor huBhand, by accident, and tho systom rallied only wfcon tho syrup hod . givon now vigour to the digestion ana thtis fed and toned tho norves. Whatever may bo your opinion of the Bridge port ghost, it remains true that most ' uncanny visions and scupds mean nothing mora or less than a sot of norves nil upset by indigestion ano dyepopsia. Ghosts oomo from the insido of thd person who soes thorn, and .when Mother Soigel's Syrup doos its work tho oyos. and. cars entertain' only what is natural and wholesome. 