LITERATURE. ' BOOKS UP TO DATE. Publishers aro very practical supporters of the idea that Christmas should bo made a time of enjoyment for old and young, and the mercenaries of fiction bend the long-bow, while brethren of the brush set their palette with tile brightest colors, to make this season truly a festival for readers. We retain a certain affection for the old traditions, but ive take our carols and our mumming in tho printed page, ghosts tread in type, the wassail-bowl runs ink, and we pluck our sprig of holly lithographed. In more and more life leans on literature, its complement its mind-refreshment ; weary and more weary as the social pace accelerates, we are glad to take our pleasure intellectually. Colonial Jack is in little danger of becoming a dull boy from overmuch work, and, thanks to tho publishers, it will not bo for lack of tempt ing if his taste in play does not incline to mind-play. Francis Adams once said bitterly that to treat of "Culture" in Australia would be like treating of tho snakes in Ice land. But even if the child" docs read for pure amusement, youth for vicarious sensa tion, and the adult seeks in books an ano- , dyne for that unrest which is tho prico and penalty of progress, must there not bo a cultural element in all reading? Australians are accused of crude litorary tastes, but they are a book-buying people ; tho very multi tude of books cultivates the priueiple of selection, and much reading makes the critic. Looking at the enormous supply of holiday literature for juvenilis, one suspects the toy shops, for there aro books for babies, sueb as Jlrs. M oles worth's The Thirteen Little Pius (S.P.C.K.), and an ascending scale of interest till we stand on a priggish platform with the Young Person of the Period. "Grown-ups" cannot escape a twingo of envy when they compare the scanty nursery classics of their own day with the newer children's literature, and see how much genius is lent to the providing of the latter From his rainbow of fairy-books Mr. Lang has swung himself to earth in The True Story Booic (Longmans), but lie does it apologetically, and concludes his preface with the promise of another excursion into Bean-stalk Land. Whether giants and dragons can ever pall or not, one thing is certain, that his romance of Montezuma in this volume is one of tho most fascinating stories he has ever written, and the illustrations, by H. T. Ford, are worthy of tho text. The Baron do Book worms declares that, since Lord Fauntleroy, America lias sent us nothing so good as 1'imotiiy's Quest, and wo are glad to see a new and cheap edition not only of this, but of A Cathedral Courtsiih", Birds' Christ, jus Carol, and The Story ok Patsy, al by tho popular writer whose name reminds .us of Dame Wiggin of Lee, and published in -the most attractive form by Messrs. Gay and Bird. Barry Pain sends a capital story of two school friends, Graeme and Cyril (I-Ioddor and Stoughton), and another charm ing book for boys is Dr. Geo. Macdonald'3 A Rouoii Shakinii (Blaekie). Iyar the' Vikino (Paul) is a romance by Du Chaillu, based 011 authentic data of the third and -.fourth centuries ; Jules Verne's new volume as called The Castle ok the Caekathians (Low) ; Geo. Manville Fcnn is to tho fore with The Black Bai: (Low), a sea tale, and Ycssur the Guide (Blaekie), a story of bandits ; Virtue publishes a record of British deeds In Africa with the Union Jack, by IV. Piniblett; from Gordon Stables wo have "Westward with Columuus (Blaekie), and Just Like Jack (Iloddcr) ; The Wreck ok the Gulden Fleece (Blaekie) is by Robt. Brighton : and Eleanor St redder lias written a New Zealand story, PuiNtis and Daring (Nelson). G. A. Plenty's factory of boys' fiction bus a large output, and tho article is increasingly popular. Among these matter- of-fact romances, whose quality proves eminently satisfactory to tho boyish appetite, the latest instalments are Saint Bartholo. luew's Eve, A .Iacohitk Exile, and 'J'linouim the Sikh War, all published by Blaekie. Sarah Doudncy, who might be called the girls' own, contributes TllROUflll Pain to Peace (Hutchinson) ; and Amelia Ji. Burr tells in The Beads ok Tasma (Clarke) a Scotch love story with the sweet ness and grace of manner for which this writer is inimitable. Miss Everett-Green, whose stories putter upon us like a gentle shower in a thirsty land which is always ready to absorb more, is freshly represented by Namesakes, Golden Gwf.ndoi.kyn, and 'The Lust Treasure ok Teevlyn, the last reverting to the days of the Gunpowder Plot, and published in the Talcs of English History Series by T. Nelson and Sons. To the circulating anecdotes of the late Professor Jowott, the JSookmun contribute the following : — " A somewhat pretention,, youth was enlarging ill the master's presence 011 'Our Debt to Franco.' To France tve owo our art, the best of our literature, &e.; ' Do you know,' said Jowett at last, 'what is inscribed over the gate of hell V' The youth glibly quoted Dante's well-known line. ' No,' was the reply, ' tbo inscription is lei on parte Fruimtis.' As a theologian, the master was singularly temperate and tolerant. Ife prac tised the virtue of abstention, is spoken of as never 'saying his last word in his ser mons,' which were veritable Sermons on the Mount of Charity, and rarely permitted him self the expression of a judgment. Olio (lav, however, when he was walking with Tenny- . son, lie saw a rook that had evidently been peeked to death by his fellows, and picking up the bird, said gravely, ' Perhaps he was a heretic.' " During the past three years the Inter national Telegraph Bureau at Berne lias been engaged in the preparation of a medium of international communication. It com prises 240.000 words selected from English, German, Latin, French, Italian, .Spanish, Portuguese, and Dutch ; and dictionaries of tii is polyglot vocabulary lire shortly to be issued, circulated oliioially and made coin- pnlsury for international telegraphy. Sunn a Lord is Love, just issued by .Messrs. limes, i3 by Mrs. Stephen Bul lion, whoso Wesscx story "Dark" aroused !.i) much interest last year. Born in Canada of a Sussex family, this authoress has lived 11 great many years in a village of south-west Berkshire, where she lias studied the rustic life so sympathetically pourtrayed in her work. Mrs. liaison is now engaged 011 a lunger novel, also dealing, as did "Dark," within the relations between riuh and poor in a country community. Among the unpublished MSS. of the late Francis Adams has been found a complete novel, entitled " The Mills of the Gods." It satirises very cleverly modern fashionable society, and ninny of the characters aro thinly veiled, as. for instance, the Prince of Wales under the name of the Priuco of Ireland. Air. Jerome's new illustrated periodical, already mentioned in this column, was to 1 appear 011 November 10, under tho name of 'J'o-l)ay, and is to be an adventurous com- Filiation of magazine and journal. Tho first muiiiher introduces u serial by Stevenson, mud tlio list of contributors includes as well .lhet Hart, Rudyard Kipling, Canon Doyle, 'Grant Allen, Oiarlc Russell, and Zangwill. 'Tlie editor also will naturally bo in evidence, and wo shall be curious to see whether the public will subscribe in sullioient numbers to enable him to carry out such a scheme 011 the 2d basis. If so, lie will have outdone I be Strand, transcended tho Ludyate, and ciu' Ibe throat of magazine- price tradition. The "Ye is to ho a new life of Charles Dickens)- ljy Thomas Wright, of Olney. "Headon Hill," 0110 of tho best writers of detective Dorics, is Mr. F. E. Grainger, living 111 tlie' Lie of Wight, and his wide experience of .life >s owing to his having lived in almost t'very continent of tho world, but lie lias not '.Net visited Australia. Mr. 'Gilbert Parker, who lias gone for a short visit to America, considers tlie new story of Pis, which will itppeur as Arrowsmith's Christmas Annual,'" the strongest of iiis books. Mr. E. W. Horiuni'-', whom we would Like to call an Australian novelist, has ju3t completed a two-volume story, which ia to see the light in an American magazine, The second number of flic Antipodean , which publishes an English edition, contains a description of Stevenson's life in Samoa. Now that The Heavenly Twins (Heine- ninnn) lias reached us in its cheap edition, everyone will bo able to ge,t it. Most people want to read it, and those who neglect to do so will find themselves " left " in the discus sion which it is bound to excite. "Tlicy call us tho TIcavonly Twins." " What, signs of the Zodiac?" said the tenor. "No; signs of the times,' said tho boy. And this imprint on the little page is a good introduction to the Opinions may and will difi'er as to its litorary merit, but tho book lias tho origiuality of a startling utter: ance at first band. It is less as a novel than as an ethical deparlura in action that the book is significant, and every thinking woman will recognise that "Sarah Grand" has put her finger on an aching nerve in so cial life. Mr. Lang's History ok St. Andrew's is nearly ready. Airs. Katharine (Tynan) Ilinkson's volume of Irish Talcs, A Cluster ok Nuts is to bo published shortly by Lawrence and Builcn. M'Cluro and Co. announce for an early date Jerome's new book John Ingerfeld and Other Stories. Tho Duke of Argyll lias not yet exhausted his power of surprising us, for he has in the press a book of poems called Crux Mundi. Prince Bismarck has been writing his Memoirs. They are now completed and sold to a South German publisher for £25,000. The work, it is stated, is not to appear till after the deatli of tlie Prince, and is then to be pub lished outside the fatherland. Charles Gounod, as well as a musician and a skilful draughtsman, was a writer, and it is expected that his family will publish a collection of his writings and letters. Among books of the week are Stories of a Western Town (Low), by Octave Tlianet, reprinted from Scribner ; the first part of The Royal Natural History (Warne), edited by Richard Lydekker, B.A., F.G.S., F.Z.S., etc. ; With the Woodlanders (Blackwood), by " A Son of the Marshes Marion Darciie (Macmillan), by F. Marion Crawford; The Hoyden (Heineinann), by Mrs. Iluiigcrford ; and One in Charity (Warne), by Silas K. Hocking. Tho Central Press Agency announce for publication in January a volume of essays which they are issuing (in conjunction with Messrs. Elkin, Matthews, and Lane) entitled " Essays in Modernity," by the late Francis Adams, with a prefatory memoir by Mr. Frank Harris. The essays deal with topics of current interest, and tho recent tragic death of tho author will lend a certain ex. ceptional interest to the work at the present time. Tho '.sumo house has a work in the press on the " Land and Wealth of New South Wales," to be issued shortly. 