THE wide world. • -.The tallest building.. in Stockholm if the haga Iron lattics-.work tower - of the cental telephone depot. Myriads of wires rim fron it, darkening the air.. Everyone in Sweden uses the telephone, and uses it, moreover, very much. In the hoarding houses of the Swedish capital the most eigtiificant feature in the routine is its never-ending telephonic babble. "When a correspondent of the*‘Corn hill," who was staying at one of these establishments, awoke in the mominsr it was to hear the jingle of the bells in the corridor outside his room and the iteration of the word “hvad” (what?) One [morning he asked the landlord, who was' at the machine, what it all meant. His wife, he replied, was buying some stores, and was telling him about them and their prices, and he, on his part, was shouting back to tell her in which particulars the prices seemed reasonable and in which unreasonable. Another day the writer’s landlord went for a sledge drive into the oountry. When ho had heen gone two hours the telephone began to be annoying, and his wife stayed at it a long time crying “ Oh 1 ” and “Ah!” and “yes” and “no.” “It is monsieur,” explained a young lady who hap pened to be standing by. “ He is resting for dinner at —:—, and is informing madame about the incidents of his excursion and the details of the m&al; that iB being prepared for Not even a Westminster election, memor able as the elections for that city have been, is better remembered than that of 1784, in which Fox, The Man of the People, was opposed by Sir Cecil "Wray. “ There were 20,000 votes, according to the authors of Queens of Society, to he polled, and the opposing parties resort d to any means of intimidation or violence or per suasion which political enthusiasm could suggest. On the eighth day the poll was against the popular member, and he called upon his friends to make a great effort on his behalf. It was then that the ‘ladies’ canvass’ began. Lady Dunoannon, the Duchess of Devonshire, Mrs Crewe and Mrs Damer dressed themselves in blue and huft—the colors of the American Indepen dents, which Fox had adopted and wore in the house of Commons—and set out to visit the purlieus of Westminster. Here in their enthusiasm they shook the dirty hands of honest workmen, expressed the greatest in terest in their wives and families, and even, as in the case of Duchess of De vonshire, submitted their fair cheeks to be kissed by the possessors of votes. At the butcher’s shop the owner, m his apron and sleeves, stoutly refused his vote except on one condition—‘ Would her Grace give him a kiss?’ The request was granted, and the vote thus purchased went to swell the majority which finally secured the return of ‘The Man of the People.’ ’’ The last number of the Vladivostok,” a newspaper published in Eastern Siberia, reveals a terrible state of affairs among the convicts on the island of Saghalien. It wonld appear that the convicts there have been treated by some of the subordinate prison authorities so harshly that tbe Governor of the island has been obliged to interfere for their protection. A warder named Khanoff and some of hie assist ants, who at one time were convicts themselves and had been raised to the rank of gaolers, have been removed from their posts. Khanoff’s treatment of his prisoners was so abominable that a number of them crippled themselves of set purpose, cutting off fingers and toes in order to be treated as invalids, and to be freed from his terrible cruelties. Others fled to the im penetrable forests, where they suffered all the horrors of hunger. In a satchel belonging to a fugitive comfiot, who had been hunted down, was found some pieces of. human flesh. Investigation revealed that this man had been one of a party of four, and that only one of them now remained. The others had been killed and flavored by their comrades. Similar cases of cannibalism are, according to the Siberian journal, not nfrequent. A writer in an English paper gives an amusing, but, I fear, unveracious account of a performance of “Hamlet,” which took place in Melbourne as far back as 1So2. The moody Dane, according to this piece of stage romance, was understaeded not of the pioneers of the early fifties. “ The audience treated the whole scene with good humored fan. One was so impressed by the king that he handed the stage monarch a bottle of brandy by the thong of a stock whip from the gallery. The third act was transformed into a most amusing colloquy between the grave digger and the gold diggersfrom Eaglehawk, made up of natural enquiries about the depth of sinking and the return per tub, which so tickled Hamlet that he gave up the soliloquy and joined iu the joking. Ultimately, Hamlet, Ophelia and the Ghost, in undress, were obliged to appear before the footlights to bear a pelting shower of nuggets as a substitute for bouquets." This is, undoubtedly, very amusing, but scarcely credible. I suspect the explanation is that the perform ance was so infernally bad that the people threw pieces of quartz at the actors, who thereupon went away to the nearest public house, and boasted that they had had nuggets thrown to them. Those old diggers were not the men to lavish a “ pelting shower of nuggets’’ upon manglers of Shakespeare. Since several of the Parisian managers have abolished the rule which forbade the ad mission of ladies to. seats on the floors of the theatres, either in the stalls or the pit, the question of wearing bonnets and hats at the play has been much discussed. Even at the old-fashioned Theatre Franoais, ladies are admitted to the last-six rows of the stalls at the back, and the pittites complain bitterly about their view of the stage being obstructed by small mountains in the guise of hats. M. Claretie, the Administrator General of the Comedie Franoaise, is strongly iu favor of the rule of “hats off,” bat he hesitates to take so decided a step as to pro hibit them with the same rigor as sticks and umbrellas, which playgoers are compelled to eave in the corridors, chiefly in the interests of the “ouvreuees,’.’ or box-keepers. At the old Opera Italien and the Opera Comiquo the wearing of hats was strictly forbidden, and the measure seems on the whole to have been popular. Unquestionable it wa3 so with members of tbo male sex. It is related of M. Mantel that spying one night when he was going to sing a lady with her bonnet on sit ting in tbe dress circle, he sent a peremptory request for her to remove it, failing which he Eaid he would decline to appear. A practical school of magnetism, our Paris correspondent writes, will be opened shortly in Paris, under the auspices <J the Magnetic Society of France. All branches of occult sciences will be taught by.medical men and specialists, and the opening lectures will take place on 2nd October, at 23 Hue Saint Merri. Hitherto these subjects could only bo acquired at the Medical College of Naney, and at the Hospital of La Salpetriere, in Paris, the scene of the late Professor Charcot’s investigations. The course of studies at the Practical School will be divided into two parts. The first will include ten lessons of descriptive ana tomy, twelve on physiology, twelve on the history of magnetism, twelve on magnetic physiology, twelve on methods and theories, twelve pnmagneticther'apeutic3andac6urse of a dozen lectures on points not included in the programme, such as chemistry, hygiene, psychology; morals, spiritism, occultism, &c.; The second part will include fifteen experi mental Ies30n3 anda hundred clinical se&nces.; Students will receive after examination a diploma of. practical magnetism. • Among the profeasorS'-ftre Dr; 'yigoroax. (anatomy), l)r. .Encaueas (physiology), M. JFtouxel, of. the “ Journal des Economistes” (history of isog netism) and BI. Durville (magnetism, &c; ). President Carnot has been singularly ill regnited for a generous action. It will he remembered that 5a 1SS9 a man named Perrin fired a revolver at the President, fortunately only with blank cartridge, as the latter was leaving the Elysee to proceed to Versailles on the occasion of the centenary of the opening i of the famous States General. Perrin was | arrested, tried for his offence, and sentenced to four months’ imprisonment. As he was the father of a large family, M. Carnot took pity on him, and imme diately on his release gave him an appoint ment in the Obiroi or Town Dues Service of Crepy- en-Valois. Recently it was discovered that Perrin’s accounts were irregu larly kept, and it turned out on inspection that he has' for a long time past been misappropriating public money and making false entries in the books to oonceal the fact. The judge of the Assize Court of the Department of the Oise has sen tenced him to the maximum penalty, two years’ imprisonment. We are given to understand, says an Indian paper, by a sorter in the Southern Madras Railway Mail service, who went a few days ago to Nanjangood, that a tigress visited the Agraharam that day at 12 o’clock, and carried away an as3 to a cave adjacent to the Kapla River. The matter spread, and the people rushed about to learn the truth. The matter was reported to the polico, who burnt round about the cave with kerosene oil. The tigress came oat in great fury, when one Setti of the place clothed himself with iron covering, and stabbed the tigress on the spot. The next day a tiger came in search of the tigress, and was noticed by a wayfarer, who reported the matter to the re sidents. The same Sett: noticed it sheltered in a cave close by a bamboo garden. He at once went to shoot it, but in vain. It rushed out in fury and caught the Setti, who tried his best to escape from it, but, alas 1 he had to fall a victim to its fury. The spectator* finding the man dead, shot the tiger imme diately. A striking illustration of the mischief of what is known 83 “ the spoils” system, in the United States is furnished by a corres pondent of the “New York Nation,” who draws attention to the case of the postmaster at Nantasket, Massa chusetts. This unfortunate official, who- is described as a “ Republican, hut in no sense an offensive partisan,’’ was appointed by President Arthur, and held his office through the whole of Mr Cleveland’s first term, and through Mr Harrison’s term--in all about nine years. "When he was ap pointed the office was a small one, but it has increased during his term, until the number of letters is double what it was when he was appointed. Moreover, nine-tenths of the residents using the office have, without regard to party considerations, signed a remonstrance against his removal, and a number of well known business men of Boston, Democrats and Re publicans, who are summer residents, have written stating that he ought to he retained in office. For all this the unfortu nate Republican postmaster of Nantasket has just been removed to make way for a Demo cratic applicant, who, it is affirined, though in other regards a worthy person, is unable from lack of education to perform the duties himself. Hag Ahmet-el-Assal, a pilgrim lately re turned from the Mecca pilgrimages, has been narrating the terrible experiences . of his party to the editor of a native Egyptian paper called the “ Mokattam.” The- pilgrim, whose respectability is vouched for, we are told, by an Egyptian Sheik who is greatly respected in Cairo, declares that on returning from Mecca the “Rafilat ” or detachment cf the caravan to whioh he belonged, and which was com posed of about 700 camels, left Bir-Said at daybreak and halted at. sunset at the foot of a mountain, on the road to Yambo. A few minutes after arriv ing there, the Rafilat, composed of men, women, and children, found themselves sur rounded by Bedonins of the desert, who at tacked them with the utmost savagery, slay ing and maiming the men of the party. The hot, dry sand was wet with blood. Some of the women, after being robbed of their clothes and valuables, were left to their fate ; the younger and better looking ones were carried off as slaves; ’ With great difficulty the narrator of these facts escaped with his life. The poor pil grims so cruelly outraged had actually paid six piastres each and twenty piastres each for their oamels to the Governor of Medina, to .secure his protection against the Bedouins. The conclusion drawn by the Egyptian paper is that the Ottoman Govern ment is not really master of Arabia, hut that it leaves the Sheiks absolntety free to rob and plunder, provided they profess a nominal allegiance. 