Now Fiest Published. ALL ALONG THE RIVER! B /MISS BRADDON, Author op "Aurora Floyd," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Tho Dny Will Come," "Phantom, Fortune," "Tho One Thing Needful," &cv; &c.;, ALL QUEENSLAND MORI'S RESERVED. CHAPTER XXF.— ( Continued.) ' ' It was not a delusion,' she cried, put ting her arms round bis nock, in a sudden rupture at being forgiven. ' My love was real.' The door opened softly, and the kindly face of the Anglican priest looked in. ' I have seen the lovers on their way to Florence,' he said, 'and have come to see how Mrs. Disnay is after her fatiguing morning.' i 'I am happier than I have been for a long time,' answered Isola, holding out her hand to him. ' I am prepared for the end, let it come when it may.' He knew what she meant, and that the sinner had confessed her Bin. ' Come out for a stroll with me, Dis ney,' he said, ' and leave your wife to rest for a little while. I'm afraid she'll miss her kind nurse.' Dieney started up confusedly, like a sleeper awakened, and looked at bis watoli. ' ' I believe I have a substitute ready to replace Allegra by this time,' he said, ringing the bell. ' Has the person from England arrived?! he asked the servant. ' Yes, sir. She came a quarter of an hour ago.' 4 Ask her to come here at once.' ' Oh,' Martin, you have not sent for q hospital nurse, I hope,' oried Isola, exoitedly. ' Indeed, I am not so bad as that. I want very little help. I could not hear to have a stranger about me.' 'This is not a stranger, Isola.' There came a modest knock at the door as he spoke. ' Gdme in,' he Baid, and a familiar figure in a gray merino gown aud smart white cap with pink ribbons entered quietly and came to the sofa jvhero Isola was lying. 'Tabitha!' she cried. ' Don't say you're Borry to seo an old face again, Mrs. Disney. I told Mr. Martin that if you should ever be ill and want nursing I'd come to nurse you — if you were at tho other end of the world — and Mr. Martin wrote and told mo you wanted uu old servant's care and experience to get you over your illneBs — and here I am. I've come every inoh of tho way without stopping, except at the buffets, and all I can say is Rome is a long way off from overywhero, and the country I've come through isn't to he compared with Cprnwall.' She ran on breathlessly as she seated herself by that reclining figure with the waxen face. It may be that she talked to hido the shook sho had experienced on seeing the altered looks of the young mistress whose roof she had left in the hour of shnme. The faithful servant had taken leave of her mistress in words that had eaten into Isola'a heart as if they had been written there with a corrosive acid. 'I am very sorry for you, Mrs. DiBney,' she said. ' You are young and pretty, and you are very much to be pitied, and God knows I have loved you as if you were my own flesh and blood. But I could not stay under the roof of a wifo who has brought shame upon herself and has dishonoured the best of husbands.' Isola had denied nothing, had acknow ledged nothing, and had let her go. And now they met again for tho first time after that miserable parting, and tho servant's eyes wore full of pitying tears, and the servant's lips spoke only gentlest words. "What a virtue thoro must he in death, when so muoh is forgiven to the dying;, Martin DiBney wont out with the priest, but at the cornor of tho piazza he stopped abruptly. ' Ieola's coughing fit has upset me more than it has her,' he said. 'I'm not fit company for anyone, so I think I'll go for a tramp eomewhoro, and meet you later at dinner, when I've recovered my spirits u little.' ' A riverderci ,' said tho priest, grasping his hand. 1 1 felicitate you upon this day's union; a happy one, or, I am no judge of men and women.' ' I don't know,' Disney answered, gloomily. ' The woman is true as steel — the man comes of a bad race. You know what the Soripture says about the tree nnd tho fruit.' ' Thore nevor was a race yet that was altogether bad,' said the priest, ' Virtues' may descend from remote ancestors as well as vices. I think you told me more over that Captain Hulbort's mother was a good woman.' ' Sho wus. Sho was ono of my mother's oarlicst and dearest, friends.' ' Thou you should havoa butter opinion of hgr son. If ever I mot a thoroughly good follow in my life, I believe I met one the day I made Captain Halbert's acquaintance.' I'ray God you may bo right,' said Disney, with a eigh, ' I am no judge of oharaoter.' He turned abruptly, and Bkirted the hill on his way , to the gardens of the Villa Borghese, where he found shade and seclusion in tlie early afternoon. The carriages of fashionable vltome had not yet bogun to drive in nt tho gate. The cypresB-avonues, the groves of immemorial ilex, the flowery lawns whero th e foun tains leapt sunward, were peopled only by creatures of fable fixed in marble, faun and dryad, hero and god. Martin Disney plunged into tho shadow of one of those funereal avenues, and — while the sun. blazed in almost tropioal splendour upon tho open lawn in the far distance — he walked aB it were in the deep of night, a night whoso gloom harmonised with that darker night in hie despairing heart. Great God, how' ho had loved her. How he had looked up to her, revering oven her weakness us the expression of a childlike purity. And while he hud been praying for her, and dreaming of her, and longing for her, and thinking of her as the very type of womanly chastity, unap proachable by temptation, unassailable, secure in her innocence and simplicity as Athene or Artemis with all their armour of. defence; while he had so loved and trusted her, she had flung herself into the_ arms of a profligate, os easily won as the lightest wanton. She-, had done this thing, and then' Bhe had welcomed -him withjwan sweet smiles, to his dishonoured home. She had made him drink the cup ofBhame, a by word it might be for tho whole parish, bb well as for that ono man who, had dared to hint ut evil.: And yet he had forgiven her — forgiven one-.to whom pardon meant ouly a peaceful ending. Is not pardon promised to the vilest of sinners, mur mured into his ear by the priost uppn the scaffold, when the rope is round hiB neok, and the drop is ready to full? How could the offended husband withhold such pardon, when he had beou taught that God himself forgives the repoataut murderer ? CHAPTER XXVI. ' Though: Love and Life and Death should Cojie and Go.' Isola was alone in the spaoious Roman uiuniug'iuuuij Wibu ALO VVIUD WiiiUUWo and shady loggia. The sun was off that side of the house now, and the Venetian shutters had been pushed baok, and between the heavy stone pillars of the loggia sho saw the orange and magnolia trees in the garden, and the pale gold of the mimosas beyond. -The sun nrus shin ing full upon the Hill of Gardens, that hill at whose foot Nero was buried — in secret, at dead of night, by his faithful freedmau ana the devoted woman who loved him to the shameful end of the shameful lifo ; that hill whoeo antique groves the wicked" Caesar's ghost had onoo made a place of terror. The wicked ghost was laid now. Modern civilisation had sent Nero the way of all phantoms, and fashionable Rome mado hoHday on the Hill of Gardens. A military band was playing (here this afternoon In the golden light, and the familiar melodies of Don Giovanni were wafted ever and anon in little gusts of Bweetness to the loggia, where the vivid crimson of waxen camellias and the softer rose of oleander blossoms gave brightness and colour to the dark foliage and the cold white stone; Isola heard those far off melodies, faint in the distance, without heeding. The notes were beyond measure familiar, interwoven with tho very ifabrio of her life, for those were the airs Martin Disney loved, and she had played them to him nearly every evening in thoir quiet, monotonous life. She hoard unheeding, for her thoughts hud' wandered back to the night of the ball at Lostwithiel, and all that went ufter it —the fatal night that struok the death knell of pease and innocence. How vividly she, remembered every detail ; Lei' fiuiteriug apprehensions dur ing the long drive in the dark lanes, up hill and down hill'; her eagerness for the delight of the dance, as an unaeoustomed pleasure, a soene to whioh, youthful beauty flies as the moth to tne flame ; her remorseful oonsoiouBness that she had done wrong in yielding to the temptation which drew her there ; the longing to see lord lostwithiel onco more — lostwithiel, whom she had vowed to herself never to meet again of hor ovyn free will. She had gone home that afternoon resolved to forego the ball, to make any social sacri fice rather than look upon that man whoBe burning words of love, breathed in hor ear before sho had enough of nerve or oalmnebs to silence him, had left her scathed and seared as if the lightning had blasted her. She had heard his avowal ; no room now to doubt tho meaning of all that had one before ; no ground now for Delieving in a tender Platonio admiration, lapping her round with its soft radiance, a light but . not a fire.- That whioh had barnt into her soul to-day was the fierce flame of dishonouring love— the open avowal of a love that, wanted to steal her from her husband, and make jhnr a sinner before her God. She knew this -muoh — had brooded upon it all the evening— and yet she was goingto a place where she must inevi tably meet the tempter. She was gojng buoauso it was expedient to go; bocause her persistent refusal to bo thore might give rise to guesses and suspicions that would lead to & discovery of tho roal reason of her absence. She had seen ofton enough the subtle proooss, the society search-light, by wliieh Trelaseo and Eowey could arrive at the innermost working of a neighbour's heart, the deepest mysteries of motive. She was going to tho bull after' all, fevered, anxiouB, full of dim, forebodings ; and yet with an eager expeotanoy ; and yet with a strange oyennastering joy. How Bhould she meet him ? How could she avoid him, without ostentatious avoidance, knowing how many lyes would bo quick to mark any deviation from con ventional propriety ? Somehow or other she was resolved to avoid all association with him; to get her card filled before he oould ask her to dance ; or in any case to rol'uso if lie asked her. He would scarcely venture to approach her after what hod been suid in the lane, when hor indiguutioq hud boon plainly expressed, with ungry tears. No, he would hardly dare. Aud so — in a, vaguo bewilderment at finding she was at her journey's end— she saw the lights of the little town close upon hor, and in the next few minutes her carriage was moving slowly in tlio rank of carriages setting down their freight at the door of the inn. Vaguely, as in a dream, sho saw the lights and the flowera, the fine dresses and the diumonds, the scarlet and white upon the walls, brush and vizard, vizard and brush. Ha was not there. Sho looked among the crowd, and that tall figure and that dark head were absent. She ought to have boen glad at this respite ; and yet her heart grew heavy as lead. TO BE CONTINUED NEXT MONDAY. 