DISESTABLISHMENT. To the Editor. Sib,-Like the Very Rev. Dean Goldsmith -though I occupy a widely different stand- point I find something to feel aggrieved at in your thoughtful and suggestive leading article of Saturday last, and, like him, I hope to be allowed to deliver my soul upon the matter. When you say that the Established Church of England has lasted nigh a thousand years, you make a statement which no Catholic will assent to, and which it seems scarcely possible that any educated Anglican will seriously maintain. The venerable age you ascribe to the Church of England could be here only by virtue of her identity with the Church founded by the " papal missionary," St. Augustine ; but such identity she disavows in a pronounce- ment which all must admit to be authoritative. It is stated in the second book of Homilies, that "laity and clergy, learned and unlearned, all ages, sects, and degrees of men, women, and children, of whole Christen dour(a horrible and most dreadful thing to think), have been at once drowned in abominable idolatry, of all other vices most detested of God, and most damnable to man, and that by the space of eight hundred years and more." The plan meaning of this is that the faith established by Jesus Christ had actually everywhere failed, and had been restored again by the Reformers. The men, therefore, who in The middle of the sixteenth century laid the foundations of the " Church of England, as by law established' emphatically rejected the idea that it was a continuation of any previously existing Church. I might cite many Protestant authorities try to show that the English State Church, instead of a thos one. can barely coast three hundred years of existence, but I will content myself with quoting two of the most learned and pains, taking of present day Anglican historians. Speaking of the state of things obtaining When Edward VI. came to the throne, the Rev. F. G. Lee, D.D., says: "In fact the Catholic Church in England, by revolutionary legislation, had been rudely overturned and abolished." The following noble passage is from Child's Church and State under the Tudor: The history of the Church in England was continuous from the mission of Augustine-or, if we prefer it, from the Synod of Whitby the time when Henry VIII., upon a disagreement with the Pope about his divorce, cast off his allegiance to the Papacy. From that time to the present, with the short interval between the re- conciliation under Mary, and Elizabeth's first Parliament, it has been severed from and excommunicated by the great body of the Catholic Church and as the latter was before precisely that which it has continued since, it is clear that the former must have been something not the same ; and it is not the mere retention of a few names and titles, used in a kind of ' second intention,' and a few more or less mainnd aid amputated rites, which will ever make persons intelligently instructed believe that an establishment, which obviously is the mere creation of a single? State, is the legitimate and adequate representative of that imposing and magnificent Western Church, which is older than any existing State in Europe, and grander than anything that the world has ever seen, and which has been picturesquely described by an old writer as the ghost of the old Roman Empire sitting robed and crowned upon the grave thereof.' " - 9 And now, permit me to lay tbafcl;writë without any desire of drawing you into a controversy. It would be obviously unfair and absurd to expect the busy editor of a daily paper to defend every line he has written. My remarks are all in the interests of historical accuracy, and this, I an ture, is an object as dear to you as to any other. Yours, etc, W. B. KELLY. Perth, March 14. [Father Kelly is to be congratulated on the temperate and courteous tone of his letter, worthy of imitation in all controversial productions, though whether his arguments will be generally assented to, is perhaps open to doubt. We fear, however, that most of his shots have passed over-head. The editor of a secular journal knows nothing of doctrines or rites, or Spiritual successions. Hence, even in alluding to the quenching of the candlestick of English Christianity, to which Dean Goldsmith took such strong exception, we were careful to use the words of one of the members of the High Church party, the party, we believe, to which the Du belongs-words used. in connection with the first attack of the century on an Anglican establishment. In -speaking of an establishment which has lasted a thousand years, we could only think of it in its corporate character, and we must be per. mitted to retain our belief in the identity of a corporation, some of whose ecclesiastical leases granted for 999 years fell in a few years back, and the land was then dealt with by the very corporation which leased them out a thousand years ago. The interesting extracts from the two writers quoted by Father Kelly do not affect this side of the question.-Ed."j 