By MISS nr. E. BRADD02T, Author of "Lady Audley'a Secret," "The Venetians, or All in Honor," "Aucora "Floyd," "The Oloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Juab as I Am," "Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Weft," &o.;, &o.; Chapteb XVI.—( Continued.) " Allegra, ia it not oruel of you to be jocose when I am so tremendously serious ?' " What, if I don't believe in your serious ness?" "Is this only a polite way of refusing me?" he asked, beginning to be offended, not under standing that this nonsense-talk was a hasty defence against overpowering emotion, than she was not sure of him and was desperately afraid of betraying herself. "Am I to understand that you don't care a straw for me?" "No, no, no," she cried eagerly, "as a friend I like you better than anyone else in the world, only I don't want to give you more than friendship till I can dare to believe in "your love." ''Prove it, Allegra," he cried, clasping her waisb again before she was aware. " Put me to any te3t or any trial—impose any duty upon me—only tell me that if I come through the ordeal you will be my wife." " STou are nob in a great hurry to fetter yourself, I hope," she said. "I am in a hurry—I long for those sweet fetters by which your love will hold me. I want to be anchored by my happiness." " Give me a year of freedom, a year for art and earnest work in Italy, a year for Martin and Isola, who both want me and if this night year you are still of the same mind I will ba your wife. I will not engage you. You may be as free as air to change your mind and love someone else ; but I will promise to be true to you and to this talk of ours till the year's end —one year from to- night." "I accept your sentence, though it is severe ; but I don't aocept my freedom. I am your slave for a year. I shall be your slave when the year is out. I am yours, and yours alona for life. And now give me that cup of tea, Allegra, which you nave not poured out yet, and let us fancy ourselves Darby and Joan." " Darby and Joan," echoed Allegra, as she filled his cup. "Must we be like that, old and prosy, sitting by the fire while life goes by u3 outside. It seems sad that there should be no alternative between old age and un timely death." "Itis sad, but the world is made so. And then Providence steeps elderly people in a happy hallucination. They generally forget that th6y are old, or at least they forget than they ever were young, and they find young people eo ineffably silly that youth in it=el! seems despicable. But we have a long life to the good, dear love, before the coming of grey hairs and elderly prejudices." And Tihen he began to talk of ways and means, as if they were going to be married next week. " We shall have enough for bread and cheesp, love," he said. "lam better off than a good many younger sons ; for a certain old grand mother in our family married with a settle ment which provided for the younger branches. It is quite possible that Lostwithiel may never marry—indeed, he seems to me very decided against matrimony, and in that case those who come after us must inherit title and estate in days to oome." " Pray don't talk so," said Allegra horrified. " It sounds as if you were speculating upon your brother's death." "On Lostwithiel's deatht Not for worlds. God bless him wherever he may be. You don't know how fond we two fellows are o! each other. Only when a man is going to be married it behoves him to think seriously. I shall have to talk to the colonel, remember, and he will expect me to be explicit and busi nesslike." "I hope you don't think Martin is mere? nary," said Allegra. "There never was a man who set less value on money. It wouldn't rrake any difference to him if you had not a penny. And as for me, I have a little income from my mother—more than enough to buy frocks and things—and beyond that I can earn my own living. Bo you needn't really trouble yourself about me.'' There was a touching simplicity in tier speech mingled wish a slight fi-vvor of audaciiv a3 of an emancipated young woman, whii/'j amused her lover, reminding him ot a hero i.e of Murger's, 01 de Musset's, a brave litrle grisette, who was willing to work nard ior the menage a deux and who wanted nothing from her lover but love He looked into the bright, frank face, radiant in tne fire glow, and he told himself that chia was just the one woman for whom his heart had kept itsf.lt empty, like a temple waiting for its god, in all the yeara of his manhood And now che temple doora had opened wide, the gates had been lifted up, and the goddess b id marched to her place, triumphant and a'i conqueung The clock on the mantlepiece struck si\, and the old eight day clook m the ball fol lowed like a solemn echo Captain Hulberti started up. ' So late ' Why, we have been talking for nearly two hours he exclaimed, "and I have a budget of letters to write for the night mail Good bye, daiimg—or I'll say au revoir, for I think I'll walk do« i again after dinner and get half an hour's chit with Disney, if you don't think it will be toe late for me to see him " "You know he 13 always pleased to see you —we are not very early people—and this is Christmas Eve We were to sit round the fire and tell ghost stories, don't you remember '' " Of course we were I shall be here soon after nine, and I shall think over all the grizzly legends I ever heard as I come down the hil' 1 He went reluctantly, leaving her standing by the fire—a contemplative figure with downcast eye° At a little later stage m their engage ment no doabt she would have gone with him to the door, or even out to the garden gate, tor a lingering Darting under the stars, but there was i shyness about them both m this sweet dim bQgmning of their union when it was so strange to each to have any claim upon the other " How lightly she took the whole business,' Captain Hulbert said to himself as he went up the hill "Yet her voice trembled now and then, and her hand was deadly cold when first I clasped it I think she love3 me A year" —snapping his fingers gaily at the stars— "what is a year' A year of bliss if it ba mostly spant with her Besides year long en gagements are apt to dwindle I have known suoh engigements, entered on solemnly like our3 to night, shrink to six months or less. Why should one linger on the threshold of a new life if one knows it is going to be com pletely happy'' The happy lover had not been gone five minutes when Isola came creeping into the room and put her arm round Allegra's neck and kisced her flushed cheek " Whj, Isa, where have you been hiding all this evening'" " I had fallen a°leep m my room just half an hour before tea, and when I awoke it was five o'clock, and Lottohen told me you and Captam Hulbert were in the drawing room And as I know you two have always so much to talk about I thought I wouldn't disturb you So I let Lottchen make tea for me m the nursery and I stayed there to play with baby And here you are all alone in the dark," "Oh, we had the fire light—Parker forgot to bring the lamp " " 4nd you forgot to ring for it," said Isola, going over to the bow window and drawing bick a curtain "What a lovely sky. Whc would think it was Christmas time'' The moon was in her second quarter, shin ing brilliantly m the deep purple of a sky almost without a cloud "Wi'l you put on your hat and jacket and come for a stroll in the garden, Isa," asked Allegra 1 It is a mild, dry night, and I don't think the air can huit you ' "Hurt me1 It will do me all the good m the world. Ye", I shall be ready m a moment" They went out into the hall, where Allegra packed her sister m law carefully in a warm, fur bordered jacket, and flung a tartan shawl round her own shoulders Then they went oub into the garden and to the lawn by the river. The moon was shining on the running water, brightly, coldly clear, while the meadows on the opposite nank were wrapped m faint, white mists which made all the landsoape seem un real " Are you not too tired for walking here after your lonsr day, Allegra," Isola asked when they had gone up and down the path two or three times. " Tired, no, I could walk to Tywardreath, I could walk to the Mausoleum Shall we gc there' The sea must be lovely under thai moon " "My dearest, it is nearly aeven o'elook ana you have been tramping about all day If yoi are nob very tired you must be very muoh ex cited, Allegra I am longing to hear what i( all means " " Are you really, now' Do you care about it, Isola' Can you, who are firmly anchored in the haven of marriaee, feel any sentimental interest in other people tossing about on the sea of courtship ' Martin is to be told every thing to night, so you may as well know all about it now You like Captain Hulberb, don't you, Isola'" " I do, indeed I like him and believe m him." " Thank heaven I should have been miser able if you had doubted or diBliked him He is to be my husband some day, Isa, if Martin approves—but^not, for a year, at least. Tell me, dear, are you glad J" "Yes, I am very glad God bless you, Allegra, ind make your life happy—and free— from—e She L o th those last faltered words, and -...i U1 ~>^eieci 11 tt she wag crying. CUCoic continued.J 