o1020' ¢ol11nn. Wagner as a Boy.-Wilhelm Richard Wagner was born at Leipzig, March22.1813. When he was nine, he went to school, where he was the despair of the teacher who in structed him in music; he paid no attention to his practising, but seized every opportu. nity of repeating the melodies that lie had heard, especially those of "Der Freischutr," which had already kindled his powerful irm agination. Ancient history, mythology, Greek and Latin were his favorite studies, but his heart was really in none of these, for he had a secret aim that absorbed all his thou'ghts and feelings-he was a poet I In his eleventh year be won a prize for the best poem on a dead schoolmate, and soon after he translated the first twelve books of the Odyssey. He taught himself English, and immediately became so absorbed in Shake. speare that he decided to write a tragedy. For two long years he toiled, and during this period he contrived to kill off forty-two people in his drama. Ife was forced to re. lent, however, and to recall them as ghosts in the last act in order to hare performers enough to play the parts. Meantime lie had left Dresden where e had been living, and entered a school at Leipsig, but he had so neglected his studies for musical composi tion, that he was pot back a class; this so discouraged him that he gave himself en tirely to his tragedy. When he had nearly finished it he first heard lcethoven's music. This had so strong an influence overhim that he determined to set his tragedy to music, and purchased a book on thorough bass to prepare himself for the task. So fascinated did he become with the study, that he de termined to be a poet no longer, but that music shofld have the devotion of his life. When his family learned of the tragedy, they were much troubled, for they felt it was the cause of his backwardness at school; but when they found hiin to be writing music, they were in despair, for they believed it to be nothing more than a fancy, and that it might do the boy great harm. He was not to be di:couraged, however, and composed in secret. But at last ho was placed under the instruction of Theodore Weinlig, a tan steeped in the spirit of "Father Bach," who put him through a six months' study of counterpoint. .Now he learned and loved Mozart. The Boat-Dwellers of Japan.-Young peop:e who live in Australia may fancy that our cities are crowded, and that many families must live without very much air to breathe or space for the boys to play in. What would they say to the boat-dwel Iers of Japan ' In that crowde I country hundreds of families spend their lives and bring uptheir children upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except as they make an occasional visit to it when obliged to purchase supplies or attend tosome un. usual business. In every bay along the coast are found hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called "junks." These are small, flat-bot tomed boats, and are owned and inhabited by a man and his family, just as houses are in other parts of tho world. Their business is the transportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and their navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says : " I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under seven years of age. I am told that, uotwith. standing their aptness at swimming, many boatmen get drowned, for no boat evergoes to anothcr's aid, nor will any boatman save any other from drowning, because as hesays, it is all fate, and he who interferes *vith fate will be severely punished in some way." Among these wonderful aquatic families children of three years old will sometimes swim like little fish, and if one is backward in learning, he will be thrown overboard, and tease I and tormented until he is obliged to learn the art in self defence. Ah I it is in reading and learning about the peopleof other lands that we find how much we have to love and be thankful for in the broad free life of our own. But even here there are children who would be better for such frequent baths, and perhaps you would iave great diflliclty in persuading the little Japs that life in the hot and crowded streets of our great cities was to be preferred to that of the junk-men on the rivers and harbors of their own country. An Adventure With a Huge Buffalo. -1 hi.u singled out as my meat an old bull with long, highly polished horns and the most magnificent mane that has ever come under my notice. I determined to have that head, and to carry it East with me as a trophy. To single the brute from the herd andl to plant a bullet from my revolver in his shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such a horse as mine. The remainder of the herd thun dered off to the west with my companions in full chase, and away toward the east went my wounded buffalo, with me a good second, sending a pill into his side whenever he swerved enalgh to give me a chance at his heart. Suddenly the idea seemed to enter his cranium that he .was flying in a direct line from his friends, and he wheeled about anwt charged me, his magnificent head cocked sidewise, ready to toss my mustang, his nostrils and eyes blood red, and the foam flying from his mouth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang made a noble leap out of his course and landed me with his off fore leg in a marmot's hole, bringing him to his knees,snappingthe bone of his leg off like a stalk of straw and sending me headlong to the ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was some. what shaken up, but my eyes were wide open, and the approaching danger seemed like a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that I could not move so much as an eyelid. The bull came on, his hoofs rattling on the hard prairie like the hones of the end man in a minstrel show. His hot breath came full in my mouth and nostrils ; one of his horns caught in the collar of my hunting shirt, tearing it away, and then his hind hoof grazed my temple. IHe was as glad to escape as I was myself, and careered over the prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while 1 arose and plantel a merciful bullet in the brain of mydoomed mustang. One day of this sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the seashose in a dandified coat to amn who is not properly unsexed. An Old War-Horse.--The ne.v, J. 0. Wood, the well known Eng;ish writer on natural history, relates the following true story in his recent book on the horse: "fSome years ago an elderly gentleman died, leaving to hIis widow all his property, including an old and staid horse. It so happened that there was a review in the neiglhborhoxl, and the old lady. who was stone-deaf, drove over to see it. During the manwuvres a regiment of cavalry passed her and as they did so the trumpeter blew on his instrument some signal whlich she from her deafness did not hear. The horse, however, heard and understood the trlmplet call. Old as he was, he sprang off at full speed, gallopel into the ranks, and lput himself in line with perfect accuracy. The signal to charge was then given, and off went the horse with his comrades. Tile old lady shrieked, and dragged at tbo reins tono purpose. Where the regi. ment went the horse went; when it wheeled he wheeled, and when it charged bhe charged, dragging his expostulating mistress after him throuehout the whole of the maneuvres. " After tile review was over the officers crowded round the old horse, who evidently had belonged to the cavalry, and offered a very high price for him, in order to make a regimental pet of him. The offers, however, were refused." The world is so cold, love (I really can't stay), Unless one has gold, love (I must get away). IMy heart is all thine, dear (Oh I won't ther e be strife) I And yours shah he mine, dear (Ob, Lord; Here's my wife I) " A font is a baptismal basin in bhurch, Isn't it, father?" asked yoanng Sharpshins. "Yes," returned the old gentleman, shortly. " Then why is a set of printers' type salled a font 1" enqukrled young S. 'lBenauae so many a?thevs gain a nlas througb ih'" 