Fisher's Ghost Again It will perhaps be remembered that ine the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL for January 2, 1892, there appeared the two version of the murder of Fisher by Worrall at Campbelltown in 1827\. In this account the SYDNEY GAZETTE re- port of the trial of the murderer was given, and the origin of the Fisher ghost story was told. The following will interest many of our readers : FISHER'S GHOST AND ALL THAT. By LUKE SHARPE. (From the DETROIT FREE PRESS.) The smallness of this world has often been in- sisted upon, and most people can cite instances which go to show that the globe is not so big as geographers pretend. A Detroit man walking up the Boulevard in Paris meets a friend from Japan, and their first exclamation is that the world, after all, is pretty small. Here is a little account of a chance meeting of three men in London the other night which struck me as rather odd, and as it would not do in fiction, because the things that actually happen are always too improbable to be used in a novel, I set it down here, and for this reason I give the real names of everyone concerned, so that anyone who does not believe me can look up the facts if he cares to go to that trouble. The Authors' Club is one of the most recently formed of London clubs and it occupies very pretty premises on the Thames embankment in the same building that houses the sumptuous National Liberal Club. The Authors' owes its existence, I believe, to Mr. Walter Besant, who has left England to represent English literature at the Chicago ex- hibition. The Authors' is run on the lines of some of the New York Literary clubs, more so than any other club in London, and this is largely due to the influence of the hon. secretary, Mr. Douglas Sladen, who is an admirer of certain features of American literary life. He is well acquainted with American literary men and their work, as his recent interesting article in the English Illustrated Magazine on United States writers and books shows. Every Monday night there is a house dinner at the Authors' similar to the Saturday function at the Savage. It is set on Monday, so as not to clash with the older institution, as both clubs possess many members in common. One Monday night, not long ago, there was a notable assemblage of men who had made dynas- ties and publishers tremble. Douglas Sladen was in the chair. Mr. J. Henniker Heaton, member of Parliament for Canterbury and advocate of penny postage between all English speaking countries, sat at the right hand of the chair and I sat the left. I don't mention my position near the head of the table through any feeling of brag for greater honors have been showered on me at the Authors' and I have occasionally held down the chair my- self. I am merely drawing out a war map of the situation with infinite details. In the course of conversation Mr. Henniker Heaton, finding I was a member of the staff of the DETROIT FREE PRESS, asked, me if I remem- ber years ago how that paper started a punning controversy about the number of apples Eve ate and how all the papers took it up until the num- ber the unfortunate woman devoured was mil- lions. "I think," he said, "that it began like this: "Eve ate one and Adam two, which made three. Then another paper said Eve ate one and Adam ate one, too, which counted four ; another that Eve eight one, which made nine ; and Adam one, too, which, totalled 12, and thus the thing went along." I said I remembered the idiotic controversy well. I didn't think the FREE PRESS was guilty of starting it, but I knew it was to blame for aiding and abetting the crime. At that time I worked the scissors in the FREE PRESS office in Detriot and had several times cut out the item with its constant accretions until, as we could not give up the whole paper to its growing bulk we had to let it go. I re- membered that some of the comments were added as far away as Australia, as I had clipped the item out of the Town AND COUNTRY JOURNAL, the huge weekly of Sydney, New South Wales. Then it was Mr. Henniker Heaton's innings. He said: "I edited and was part owner of the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL at the time. It was a bright day when the DETROIT FREE PRESS arrived. We got them two or three at a time. I cut that item out of the FREE PRESS, added to it and started it on its rounds in Australia." Then Douglas Sladen took up the running : "You may recollect," he said to the member of Parliament, "that you sent the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL to me in Japan. I got the FREE PRESS there at the same time. That cele- brated sum in addition came at me from both east and west. I clipped it out of one or both of the papers and took it to a friend of mine, who edited a native Japanese journal. He understood Eng- lish and endeavored to translate it into Japanese, publishing it in his paper. He missed the point of puns entirely and treated the matter quite seriously, saying that there was an endeavor on the part of the religious world in America and Australia to find out how many apples Eve ate, but he did not see, he admitted, how they arrived at the conclusion that she consumed several millions, even with the help of Adam." It struck me as rather odd that three men who had manipulated the same item, one in Australia, one in Japan, and the other in the United States, should happen to meet around the same table in London. But all that has nothing to do with Fisher or his ghost. Henniker Heaton told the Fisher's ghost yarn, which is a true story, and the events happened many years ago in Australia. The ghost story has been printed several times in English and Australian papers, but the sequel to it Mr. Heaton happened to meet when he was making researches in Australia among official documents while preparing his well known book on Australia. The sequel believes has never been printed. Fisher was a rich ranchman who lived very much alone. His companion was a ticket-of-leave man. Australia at that time contained many ex- convicts, and it is an old joke against Australia that the people there are not as proud of their ancestors are the aristocracy of England. For the life of me I cannot see why this should be, for the ancestry in both instances were thieves, as a general thing. Personally, I would prefer the founder of my house to be a convict rather than to be, say, Nell Gwynne ; but that, of course, is all a matter of taste. Well, one day Fisher disappeared, and the convict said he had gone to Ireland to claim a large property he had fallen heir to, and that he had left the ranch and all its belongings to the convict. The people around thought the story of Fisher's disappearance rather fishy, but there was nothing to show that it was not so and suspicion would likely have quieted down were it not for the untimely appearance on the scene of Fisher's ghost. Fisher's ghost was seen by a passer-by sitting on a fence near his former residence. The person who saw the ghost was not in the least afraid, and he stepped forward to question the apparition. The ghost, however, was not in a talkative humor, and it slid off the fence, moved mysteriously near a deep waterhole, and there disappeared. This story went like wildfire around the settlement, and after that one man after another saw Fisher's ghost, always on the fence rail, and always eluding an interview by sliding away and vanish- ing into the waterhole. If one or two persons only had seen the ghost nothing might have been done, but everyone in the neighborhood who happened to be passing about dusk saw it, some of whom were men whose word could not be doubted. The persistent haunting of the water pool by the ghost turned the attention of the authorities to it, and the pond was dragged, but no body was found there, although there were indications that a body had been in the pool. Search in the neighboring thicket, however, was more fruitful, for they found the body of the murdered man. The ex convict was arrested, and seeing the game was up, he confessed that he had murdered Fisher, and put him in the water-hole, but on account of the intrusive and objectionable ghost he had fished up Fisher, and put him in the thicket. The ghost had utterly demoralised the convict, and he was afterwards duly hanged. This much of the story is well known is Aus- tralia, but the sequel is not so well known. Un- fortunately it rather takes the gilt off the ghost, although it fastened the guilt on the convict. Up to this point the yarn proves not only the existence of ghosts, but the usefulness of them. Mr. Henniker Heaton knew the Fisher story well, and when he was searching among official documents for material for his book he noticed on an affidavit the name of Fisher. He read the instrument and found it related to the ghost. An ex-convict dying had made the deposition before a magistrate, and it was to this effect : He was on tramp through the country when he came one moonlight night to Fisher's ranch. He slept in the thicket, and was aroused in the night by cries for help. Peering out he saw in the moon- light the convict murder his employer and drag the body to the waterhole. The tramp was afraid to interfere at the time, and was afraid to tell what he saw afterwards. There existed a kind of freemasonry among ticket-of-leave men and it was a dangerous thing for one to split on another. Besides this the ex-convict was well known in the neighborhood, while the tramp was a stranger, so he feared that if he told what he saw, he would himself be accused of the Fisher murder. He got work in the neighborhood and pondered over the situation. He thought first of personat- ing the ghost, but fearing he might be caught he abandoned that idea. One night return- ing from the Fisher ranch he said he had seen Fisher's ghost sitting on the fence, afterwards disappearing in the waterhole. This was the spark to the tinder. Suspicion was ripe for a story like this, and after that everyone in the neighborhood saw the ghost, all apparently in good faith believing that they saw it. The mythical ghost, however, made a real ghost of the guilty man, and the real ghost is said to this day—or perhaps it would be more accurate to say to this night—to combat with the ghost of Fisher in the light of the moon. 