THE TOURIST, I ? i Tasmania. The Gem of the Pacific. 'What You Sse and What You Don't. (by oue special reporter, j. f. h.) There are four important industries ia Tasmania, v'z., fruit, agriculture, mining, and tourists. The fruit export is less than 300,000 bushe's. The tourist industry, at present, amounts to only about 5000 visitors annually. These spend, on an average, say £30 each. That leaves £1 £0,000 of foreign capital iu the little Eden yearly, and it j ust equals the fruit crop at 103 per case for apples. 1 Bhall make some observations on the agriculture of the country ; give you the astonishing mining summary, and then tell you what I gleaned through the orchards of the whole island. Tasmania is noted for her stud farms and superb sheep. Thi3 industry must become more limited as people crawl upon the land. The Launceston side of the island is the agricul tural partion of the land. The green fields, with their checking fences and hawthorn hedges bending over the rolling plains about Evandale and right out j to Cressy and Longford, present a sight so beautiful as to reproduce the prettiest dowrs of England. The I Euglisliman feels his heart going right out over them I as a uo me yearning, and finds his eyes unconsciously straining in the distance to discover some familiar farm house - r old cDuuty squire's seat so dear to h s heart in the oli country from which he came. His homesick heart either feels a soothing balm or grows sicker when the name Tasmania makes him feel cheated in a living dream. All this is repeated if not intensified in the sassafras count) y up against the mountains and the rich hills rambling over the country aboi t Deloraine and Latrobe. A break thi n occurs that cai ries you over ths roman- e in wood ani dile beyond Weat D'vot- port, and UlverstoLe, to Emu Eay — liuruey — where tbe god of the fields spreads out a l ich harvest field ovfr an enchanting lmdscape all the way to Circu'ar He:id, that makes one athimed of the blotches on agriculture so gene rally f 'und in most of the other colo niej — New Zealand and South Australia to a large extent excepted. I have been over much of the iigr cultural country of America, Great Britain, France, Italy, and Australasia. Though I have si en some lovely fields in France and Italy— hand-worked— and some models in the States and the British Isles — both bond and machine worked — I have not seen iigricul.ural tieliis so beautifully capari soned, so cleanly kept, and so wpII equipped with the latest machinery f. r culiivating and harvesting the pre duct, as on the North and North-west Coast of Tasmania. It i a a panorami of delight from Launceston to Circular Head (Stanley) by leaving cut the slice men tioned previously. The country is well dug out, and, apparently, every avail able acre is under the plough. The grain average is not above that in Victoria ; but then Victoria has admirable wheat lands, and the two climates are favour able to the growth of the small grains. They cannot successfully grow maize in Tasmania be-ause the average tempera ture is too low to mature the grain. They do not successfully grow the best watermelons, gTapes, and peachcs for the same reason. I know Tasmanians will jump on my neck for the peach state ment. Still I state it deliberately and leave the peach seller to verify me with his prices, the small demauri, and the few urowu. Nearly every farm I visited hid its sulky ploughs, cultivators, patent rakes, mowers, reapers and binders, or some form of advanced machinery for do ng the farm work quickly, efficiently, and for saving labour. Prices are so low that the farmer must engineer some way to leave a profit at 1he tail end of his statement of account. There is a great deal of land yet to bring under. Like all late reclamations, it lies hack. But it will come forward — on a railway — in the near future. About '20 m.les inland, to a line drawn parallel to the coast, will cut in all the Zand under cultivation on the north-west coast. The wall of rugged mouutains then shoves the country high into the air, and carries it in peaks and ravines, with rolling tablelands here and there, right back to the west coast on the Hobart side. In these hills —2000ft. to over 40C0i't. up — nestle enough undis covered beauties and natural tcenery to be the haunts of nymphs aud angels. I heard enough of waterfalls, caves, ferns, and ravishing landscapes from old fossicking miners that — though going all over the travelled and many of th-j unusual routes — I feel I have not stcn the place. The weird stories of beauty are yet to be told bick in the trea.nre folds of tho ^e d irk cloud -snagging hills that menace your left and conduct you right to the top of the island. The touriBt who does not take the train at Launces ton, moves through the great picture of Ceres to Latrobe, loiters a few days on the MerEey, traces that delightful river arouud to the restful loveliness of West Devonnort, moves on to 'Ulverstone, and then floods his soul with the 20-mile trance in- : duced by the delightful coach trip to Emu Bay, has no right to say he has seen Tasmania. I am pretty J bold at times, but I shall now feel grateful that I have been saved the necessity of making so bold a statement. Though I have now been in nearly every travelled nook and corner of the baby continent, I have the consciousuess of an uncontrollable feeling that I have not seen it all. I still feel — There 're treasures in those mountains, And ripples in the vale ; There 're lakes and cave-voiced fountains, To still enrich the tale ; There 're scenes of weird entrancing, 'Wbenth' bush wind sobs and weeps ; Then nature's wild romancing' 'Wakes to itself and sleeps. The exports and imports of Tasmania are not of such vital moment as the fact that the wheat growers and other agriculturists of the colony own their land, live on it themselves, work it with their own horny hands, and have— house to house — the best and most comfortable and most substantial homesteads of any similar namber of farmers in any part of Aus tralasia. That is a large sweeping statement, but the truth of it is as glaring as seems the statement. All the wheat-growing and hay-making of the infant— I refer to size— is not done on tho north side. Like every new visitor who goes out there, I was simply amazed at the extent, growth, and beauty of the country about Sorell. This district is one of the oldest in the island, and, besides being historic (mixed up with the early convict days, the 1 bushranging of Martin Cash and others, and the flag system of telegraphy from peak to~~peak, used to apprehend escaped prisoners from Port Arthur; , it has some of the finest lands over the Straits and grows s me of the best grain. I saw wheat 6ft. high, and well eared— a regular colonial in that respect. Everywhere the well-fed farmer could be seen riding around on his ? 'bus gathering in the golden gran. He smoked away as if he didn't care what price wheat was, as he had plenty to eat. I was driven over the district by Mr. W. Evans, of the Pembroke Hotel, in Sorell township. He is a live man, and insisted on my seeing the district at his expense. Tourists come there by train with a basket of sandwiches. 'When they have eaten the sandwiches they become satisfied,, and go back by train. The district is a rich gem, and almost makes you feel like lifting it out from behiud these tall mountains that take up its 15 miles to Hobart, cart the rolling plateau over to the north side, and dump it down among the pretty scenes there, where it would have good comrany. The same may be said, to a certain extent, of the Bagdad and Richmond agricultural districts, which are also on the south side. Sorell is a bit dry at times. When Hobart (l.o miles away), the Huon, and New Norfolk districts were nearly flooded out with rain for weeks, Sorell, just over the hills, hadn't a drop of rainfall. Now that is strauge, but true. The harvesting here is about 10 days ahead of Hobart every year. Very few people go to Sorell, though it is a delightful trip, and the scenery out of the township is sublime and enticing to the rambler. Driving along the main road, Mr. Evans said, ' Just j to interrupt you a minute. That hill over there was j once a soldiers' barracks when it was used as a station j for signalling the escape of convicts from Port Arthur.' It was a bareheaded mountain glistening; in the distance. 'That over there,' he continued, as we whirled to the right with the scene passing in front, ' is the Seven-mile Seabeach. You see it rises above the trees in the foreground. We are going to the neck of it.' The intervening time was occupied with the noisy tattoo of the easy -going trap clattering over the gentle rises among the yellow, waving fields. The little armlet of the tidewater wandering under us was, I was informed, ' filled with fish, and they so crowd the basins and outlet sometimes when a boat is in their water that you could bucket them out by the ton.' That is, if you baled long enough and they stopped in ton lots. The whole scene to the right may be summed up in the lake, river, sea, mountain, and rich variegated landscape thrown into one picture ; the left, into a moving diorama of rolling cultivated hillsides, prattling streams, and picturesque and historical old homesteads, backed by terrifying mountain fastnesses, once the secure haunts of the daring convict bushranger whose life was already mortgaged, and that mortgage advertised and sought. Yet people in Hobart tell you there is nothing to see at Sorell. ' Have you been there? ' I've oft«-n asked. ' No,' came the invariable answer, ' because there is nothing there to see.' Well, I've been there, and there is something to see. Barring the view from the top of Mount Wel lington, Hobart has no sight to excel it. There, now. If you don't believe it, go over there and drive out a mile or two. Don't stay in town. Go out along the Port Arthur road about four miles. You can go on to Port Arthur itself if you like. It is 44 miles, and a drive through charming scenery. Every inch has been tramped by convicts, and every stone and pound of sod forming that road was handled by convicts. This famous Government road was the principal highway from the celebrated convict station at Port Arthur to Hobart. It was all built by prisoners, and you'll hear enough blood-curdling lore on tho trip to raise up all your charity gods and enough sentimental itcnings to write books upon books. Sorell itself is an ordinary old, rusty country vllage, with nothing much of interest but a quiet, old, yellow towered church. But, as bush towns are generally built for business and in the wurst place a town could be built upon, this village makes no effort to com plain. In prison days it flourished. But who wants a more delightful rural landscape than that in and around the celebrated Faucett estate? Tdn't. Passing by the extinct township of Lewisliam, my escort, pointing to a curious little white stone house on the slant of the hill. 6imply said, ' Watchhouse ;' and proceeded to inform me that the soldiers lived there in barracks in the old Port Arthur days. 'You see,' the lifelong resident of little Tassy said, ' the soldiers were stationed a'l over the island. The convicts were constantly getting at large, while those with a mexsnre of freedom required watching, or overawing, or they would slip and set up in the buBh for themselves. The system 'was severe, strict, and well organised. All these roads and big brick and stone private Tesidence3 were built by convicts, who wfre got from the Government for a Email sum. They don't build such roads and houses nowadays.' I could see they didn't. All the grand old stone and brick private places you see built over Tasmania were built by convict labour. Some of them look pretty dilapidated now. Times have changed, and money withdrawn. I may here remark that Tasmania has the finest roads, taken one with another, in the world. All the great highway roadbeds were made by the convicts. Well, why shouldn't a man serving a penalty for the State work and make some return for the food and clothes he gets ? Free men must do it, and earn their bread in the utual Ecriptural way. Why not prisoners ? Whether their imprisonment is just or not I will not discuEB. They are serving a sentence at the expense of the State, and should be utilised for some public purpose. The roads are as good as any — perhaps better than any — on which to employ them, except to construct political railways. But Tasmania is such a delightful land that its convict history adds the charm of romance to its many beauties. The tourist and the sentimentalist — everyone who can see and feel the charm of the land is a sentimentalist — hunts over its past with a zest that leaves no feeling of taint on its present fair name. The visitor then revels in its romancing his tory, where all its shadows fall over the past ana only flicker through the present in memory. Not so with Botany Bay. That name is associated with all the horrors and barbarities that revive the cruelties and recall all the black history of Venice under the ancient Doges. Botany Bay was the fruits of the expatriated ghost of the Piombi and Pozzi sitting in London. All these reflections come up atSorellas Isat on Wattle Hill and gazed through Cherry-tree Open ing on an enticing agricultural dream opening iu the distance between the blue shadows of the tall hills. The high winding road between the irregular green mountains that push in the narrow valley, and its contrasts of green and gold and dark hues, and gulches, and hedges crowded into one stare of the dilated pupil leave the mind suffocated with bliss. That's the strongest way I can put it, and yet I don't feel 'tis overdrawn. This valley of the Sorell has been cultivated for over 60 years. It is one of the oldest and most important districts in Tasmania. The crops have not been rotated, and yet the ground shows no signs of poverty or getting tired. The old families remain and intermarry. Their names are not on the Port Arthur lis1; either. England's free men and Tasmania's yeomen — sturdy, industrious, solid, and good-circumstanced agriculturists taking their fair chance with the world, and making an honest living. But that is true of the rural Tasma nian generally. What is true of Sorell is true of Bagdad and Green Ponds. 