Ih. OA.JI.&. V ? w Rough Notes. (BY OOB OITX MAN.) Just a word by way of correction. _ In my first par last week I am made to say "acquaintance instead of acquisitiveness,'and thus I am iu dangej of getting a warmifig from phrenological experts one Hawkins, for instance, if he be still in this materialistic world, and if not his ghost may haunt me. In the next par I am made say " private puritans," which is letting the people I intended it for oif very mildly, because a man may in the privacy of his home bo very puritanical, yet abroad- owing to his numerous acquaintance be the reverse of puritan. What I wrote was '' prurient puritans." Then to wind up-just as if ray sins were not already too great-I am made to accord to the " Historic- Borough " a troop, or troops, of Mounted Infantry. What I did write was Perman ent Mounted Infantry, not Parramatta Mounted Infantry. After that well to our muttons. * ? # I have often thought that among our many uneconomical and stupid proceedings is that of subsidising lialE a dozen parsons in a small country town where one, or two at'the most, would be all sufficient for the spiritual wauts of the people. Not in one town but in dozens may be seen four or five places *of worship whjcli are never filled with worshippers, and rarely half .filled ; yet the pastors ' of each ^expect to get full pay, let the times be ever so^ad^ ^As each of these gentlemen receive from £200'£O'u£300 a year or more, it means a considerable tax upon the congregations, many of whom may possibly bo in an impecunious state. The differences, between the several churches those at any rate based on the teachings of Christ is so sliitht that there caq^ bo no tangible reason why tho Inity should not worship together, and tho pastors exhort ono set, of people a< well as another, j remember, in the old days, on the gold fields such things as Union Churches-in which all could if they choose - worship : tho Wcsleyan, the Congre gationalism tho Prosbyterian, and tho Baptist would hold forth in turn, and not infrequently would the church be full of all sorts i and conditions of .Christians who , would ait very patiently under the one man. It is true, the several sects hankered after their; own conventicles.. and 'would' make I application for tho necessary land whereon to erect a church building of their own, and if not granted them by a grand-motherly Government, they'd gird up their loins and go in bald-headed to purchase a lot in a good position. By making the one church buildjng ayailablo for three or four 'congregations .of^worahippfers more than one good .,would be accomplished-not only would there bo a saving of cash,- but'" a11 better'feeling would exist between sectarios than now obtains. I notice that iu America they are pointing tho way in this direction-and any liberal mindod person must admit that America does point tho way in many things.. Thus, at .Ashland, Clark, Co., Kansas, it was :roeently decided'to retain the. services ,*of -one ministerloutl of peven tojidmlniater to the .wants of tho people, on account of financial troubles. The whole thing was done in a good spirit j a Methodist was chosen, and the other,,- six preachers made kindly, speeches* and' retirea from the. field. But even more startling-is the f&otr; of Catholics and Bapti9ts worshipping together at Long Island City. I am not aware that we ever arrived so near true liberalism as that, for Episcopalians and Roman Catholics do not use tho Union Churches-the former preferring to hold service at an hotel, aud ' tho latter to ride some miles to a Church of their own rather than enter a Protestant Church. Let us by all means consider tho Yanks not unworthy of imitation.. j - . '. * . ' ' Yes, wo have a very groat deal to learn-in spit e of Sir Henry Parkes' wild assertion some years ago that wd Australians could .tench - our venerable grandmother'how-to iBuck eggs-andi even Canada oan' set us a few examples, and particularly those things, in .which'wo; consider ourselves au .fait.. Thus, while we are in trouble about Payment of Members-simply because it is on a wrong basis the Canadians have adopted a system which seems to.givd satisfaction to all. "Senators got 1000 dols. . per annum, and mombers of the Dominion House ? of Commons 10;dols. a day-equivalent to £2 l«8d )-for 80 days; and if the session lasts longer they are pnid'by a'scalo which does nnt permit them to draw more than 1000 dollars (£203 64 8d) a year. Then a deduction is made of 8 dols. for every day's absence from the-House,while in.Session, 'it is a. Miv Troop,1 a Canadian' 'M.P;, who-iri. telling us these things, and ho, makes tus feel, small .when ho shows us tho differoribe .between Canadian Banks and ours. There the banks have'twelvo times tho amount of security to their note circulation ; the banks dare not invest in; real estate, nor can they lend money on" their 'shares. Practically, thu Canadian banks can go into neither the pawn broking nor tho mortgaging business Then their land laws are simplicity itself cotflp&ipdiwl;^hlourar An intending soleotor planks down' 10" dols. for .160 acres of land (a quarter section) which he holds for three years, tho conditions being that ho build a house upon it and resides on the land six .months every year. At .tho end of, tho three years iho purchasoslthq-lnndjati 3'fdols.ian acre-quarter cash and balance in three annual instalments, with interest atC ,ier cont added. If a man ha'vo nnt the monoy to purchase he may borrow from tho state to tho extpnt of 000 dols,, for which he'd pay at the rate of 8 per cent. Anothor. thing we are told : " Canadians took life more seriously than Australians did j there was not so much horse racing and they wore disposed to bo religious-for which no blame attaches. Better to bo religions than pharisaioal-which many of our people are : they make a book at Randwiok on Satnrdny and sing psalms on Sunday. * « ? Tho party that is going'to'create a'diversion at the next General Election is thosProhibitionist ^oction of the Novor-touch-its, Their lecturers and agents arc- alroady afield and they talk big-in fact, moro aggressivo than I have over hoard them. They'are merciless j tlioy spare no ono ; and: tho moderate drinker-or rather, I should say, tho temperate man-is the ono thoy are bitterest against, I heard a «tout. party-certainly not a vinous looking one, because hb was too pale nnd flabby-holding forth on Circular Quay tho othor day. to a lot of unemployed wharf labourers. Ho got a good hearing, for ho is amusing, though his facts aro mobilo ones; ho told his auditory that at tho next ensuing elcotlon it would he nooossary to unite certain forces j and if Prohibitionists, Labour men, and tho Land Value Taxors-went together they'd gain a big victory in every elector ate. Tho moaning of this is, that Prohibition must bo atop, an|i; every labour man and ovory Single Taxor nnd'land vnluo taxer must either be pro hibitionists or suffer defeat. What is the land quostion, or Freotrado or Protection, to men who have set thoir minds upon shutting up publio houses and destroying browories and distilleries and compelling thoir follow citizens to drink slops and bust? Nothing. All they caro about is thoir OWD fads-which directly interfere with tho right of a man to soloct his own suction. If those teetotal reformers would bo content with legitimate; weapons-fair argument and examplo-all would bo well j but coward like they seek to "rob a poor man of his beer by legislative enact ment," I have no objection to tho fat man: of .crustacean patronymic uttering his stereo typed absurdities, glorifying Riohardson and Oar pentor, and damning every liberal mindod man and, woman in the community, because I know what value tho community attaches to his watery frothings, his faoiat distortions, his childish mimicry, his twisting of facts and phrases, his insults-not only to the better men-but to tho poor weak, unfortunate.for whose espeoinl benefit he pretends to be fighting. Any liberal minded temperate man can meet such cranks as these, and lick them hollow; but should the legislature by a fluke, pass a law to prohibit the manufacture and sale of beer, wines, and spirits, then such a system of tyranny and intolerance commences as we Australians never even dream of. And that is not all; because the class of people that will interfere with another man's drink will not hesitate long about pulling his pipe out, and, possibly, may even interfere with his grub — and fifty to one, but, what they'll want to close our Art Gallery and Museum, Technical Museum, and Gardens on Sundays and compel all hands to go to Church. In fact, there Is no knowing where such bigots will stop, and tbeir intolerance being'not one wit I6ss irritating than any other intolerance, should fee met fair in the teeth by every man claiming to hare the spirit of liberalism in hi9 composition. Somo day I will give you my views In detail upon the drink traffic, how to deal with it, and how to induce people: toLbe/temperate. Just now I have other things to do ; besides, the Crustacean is knocking round your way and may have something to say, anenl this par-in which cast I shall have to give shot for shot , . , - i It 1ms become quite the, thing now-a-da^s, to do the big trip " Home " in one of the splendid HhcSrs which sail from these shores-and a very sensible thing to do-for those who have money enough. It doesn't require much-the main difficulty is in leaving one's business ; though if one hasn't any and happens to hnve twenty or -thiriy pounds to spare, ho can hardly do better than - take the trip. It does an old country man a world o' good j it satisfies him generally that Australia is a much better diggings than Lancashire j while the Australians by birth picks up a few wrinkles which puts him in touch with all the world and gives him a far bettor conception of what his own dear, sunny land really is. It is surprising how little some see of their native homes. Englishmed come here who, perhaps, never, until they left old England, travelled obovo thirty miles from their native village ; and strange to sny, when they go homo for a spreo thoy-aro nearly as bad, for they can toll one of nothing but their own country. I met a man in Sydnoy the other day who had just returned from England by an Orient liner. .1 had known him for many years, and I congratulated him upon looking so well after his trip-and also for having taken it. Speaking of the wo.ther I incidently remarked upon the great heat they had been having in England. " Havo they?!' said ho, "it was cold enough where I was -much colder than it is here to-day;" The day was fine and the temperature about . 05.. "iWell, that's strange," 1 remarked, " for the cablegrams have made out that the heat in England was verv great-as high as 90 and 100." " Perhaps it was, but I was in Scotland-and I know 1 never felt it hot there." " Bi-.t you were in England, I supposu? " " Well, yes, I came through it in the train to join the mail boat at London ; that's nil I saw of it." I knew another acquaintance who took tlio run home a few years ago ; ho felt a bit home sick and as he was fairly well off he took ship for Liverpool ; spent a month there and returned without having been outBido of Lancashire. Another- left his snug farm and orohard on the Hawkesbury after closo on 4 years of hurd work, atid during his three' months stay in England he -nevor got, boyond the three Eastern' counties. Now the young. Australian dods bettor than this. One part of Ifingland is no better to him than another ; he goes there to see something, and boing accustomed to '/magnificent distances" at homo, he doesn't let the grass grow under his feet, but flies round everywhere. ilc:cqmcs.back a " full man," while his old country iiei^hbour comes' back with rather a sorrowful yartf about the! decadence of (farming in England, fur hoJias .seen nothing beyond his own county. I have'iii'my mind's eye two young Australians who left hero somo eight months ago ; one of them is home again, and ho is full to the brim-besides having a pocket book full of notos of-what ho saw in the three Kingdoms, and places by the way. This is the proper way to travel-;>afcd as the fares are. now.-,very, reasonable, it is hoped that not only'will,Old.Engenders avail themselves of the opportunity,1' biit'that'Young Australians will, metaphorically, shoulder their swags and step forth into the big, wide world. It is so easy of accomplishment that sometimes ono is surprised to find that an acquaintance has dono the trip and no one! haB missed^himi^Some: yeors ogo^T know!nj' man- on a large'gold-field :'he wis a hard"Workiflg fellow and had boon pretty successful. Ho knocked about n gool .deal - IJrst., at ouo disg'nua,. then at another, !Bb -th:»t' his absoticu waii not much noticed. I had not scan him for a few months when one day I met .hini - .nmong |a'i big crowd of miners, and had a drink together. "You're looking well," said I. " Yes, the trip has dono me good." " Tho tri|>-*-\vhuro have you been-away ?" .' Yes, I have been homrfto Liverpool." " Liverpool eh' 1: whyi>I know Liverpool";well -lived there soine time., How's , ' ? - and ; ?" " What are yo giving us. old man ? I don't know either o' them^ctvyo},",, ^..^Tot^know.. them 1 why they've been there as long' as you are bid-and I thought everybody know them, yet you, a native of the town, don't." "^Well, Liverpool's a pretty big place now a days, and it would puzzle me, or you either, to know everybody in it. Why, I was only there a, month and didn't see half over it." " Not ihalf over it ? Why I could walk all over it before .breakfast," ' V Could y&? Why you must a' known it a long 'time ago away back last century-for 'it's too mighty big now for you, or even the Plying |Pieman,, to?walk,over it in n jqonth." " The devil lit is I y It strikes me I've made a mistake-whloh ILlvorpool didiyou say you had boon to ?". " Which (Liverpool 1 Why, Liverpool on the Mersey-" Livorpool in Lancashire, England-where else I'd 'like to know ?" " Kick me for an ass, will you ! I'vo bcon talking.,.about Liverpool down near iParramatta air the time. "Have you? Well I don't know tho durricd place. No, 1 won't kick you-Kit's go and have a drink over it"; and he laughed at my orror.... The |aot is, my friend had been such a short time away," and took tho matter so coolly, that I never dreamt that ho had mado a , sou voyage. I think ho told mo that the trip cost hiurnot more than £50. Of.course there are many ways of spending monoy and of making a hole in ono's banking account; but at tho same time any ono knowing his way about can go home, BCO a good deal,pf.England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales upon a *£100 note and then bring back a little change. 