A PATHETIC REVEUSE; AT the ace of sixty-three, Mr. H. Har- wood, tho well-known actor, finds himself almost penniless-stripped of the savings of well nigh 40 years' hard work on the Australian stage. He lias neon identified with that stage both as actor and manager. As is well known, ho has rendered memorable services Hughes, the Watchman, charged with robbery from Mount Morgani Mine. j in both capacities. It was, we believe wh« Mr. Harwood was ast-ociated in manage- ment at the Theatre Royal, Mel bourne, tba! the late Walter Montgomery was intro1 dfuced to the Australian public. A loni liât of other '** 6t^rj','tíipp,9ared in thisparl of the world owing to the enterprise of Mr. Harwood and his colleagues. As an actor not many more versatile ones have ever trod our boards. His speciality lay in comedy and burlesque,and he was admirable in both. But he could essay serious parts with no little success. His ghost in Hamlet may be mentioned as a most capable per- formance. It may be doubted whether in j certain walks of burlesque he has been The Late Maharajah Dhuleep Singh. surpassed by anybody ever seen at this side of the line. Like another very famous comedian (the late G. H. Rogers) Mr. Harwood, though a native of London, had a purely Australian training for the theatre. As an actor, Hogers in his line was, as Harwood is still in his, probably about as good as could be desired. But though happily Mr. Harwod's powers remain unimpaired, everybody will, none the less, regret that at this time of his life h« has to resumo his old calling under the spur of absolute necessity. When Sir Walter Scott was ruined through the failure of the publishing: house of Constable and Company, George IV., on hearing of it, said : " Let every reader whom Scott has delighted only subscribe a Gd towards him, and he will be one of the richest men in Europe/' If the same were to be done for Mr, Harwood by all the playgoers to whom he has fur maned BO muon harmless amusement, the veteran comedian would have a very re- spectable « pile/' indeed. 