PEOPLE "QUIZ" KNOWS. No. 183. He has passed the fiftieth mile-post, but there is a lot of life in the old dog yet. He is one of those men who would tell you that he is " fifty years odd young," and he doesn't mean to yield up the ghost until nature has thoroughly exhausted itself, which will be a long while yet. N In fact the only symptom of old age that is manifest is a stoop of the shoulders, and No. 183 can "scratch gravel" with many a young man. It is not such a very long time ago that he used to play cricket with a senior club, and he takes a keen interest in the noble game even now, if he does not play. There are few people who know more of the ups and downs of South Aus tralia, for he was one of the earliest arrivals in this heaven-favored place. Stories of the ancient days from his lips have the raciness which is born of special knowledge. He saw the first South Australian execution, and he can give you a most gruesome narrative of that event. His face has always a most kindly expression, and when his hair turns white he will look as benevolent as Sir John Colton. As yet his long beard can only be described as grizzled. The brown is plentifully streaked with grey, but the blush-grey eyes above do not twinkle any the less merrily on that account. When he takes off his hat you see that the summit of his cranium is as highly polished as a billiard ball. He has always plenty to say for him self, and he likes a " pitch " as well as any man of Quiz's acquaintance. He speaks rapidly, and throws in a laugh every now and then as a sort of encouragement to you to take up the running. At one time he used to hold forth in public on subjects in which freedom of thought and expression were involved, but he has never been able to conquer an inherent nervousness, and prefers to listen when he attends any public function. In the matter of dress he is a Con servative. Fashions may come and fashions may go ; they do not trouble him. He likes a quiet-colored tweed, and he gets it. The only part of his attire which can be pronounced as Phillistinic is his hat, which is a bell topper and invariably white. You would not recognise him if he were to wear a boxer But a belltopper is not assumed by him to confer an air of respectability. He is mostly to be seen in the day time in King William Street, although during the morning and afternoon he is here, there, and everywhere, but as his business generally takes him to one class of establishment you can always follow up his tracks if you have suffi cient leisure. You will require, how ever, to be pretty smart on your pins, for No. 183- is as agile as a ballet dancer. From being a boniface he has taken to looking after the interests of Brother Bung, and he does so in a manner that cannot but meet with approval. In all he does his energy is manifest, and fatigue counts for nothing when duty has to be carried out. He knows a good deal on the subject of elections, and if he is working for you rely upon it that he will leave no stone unturned in order to ensure your success. He lives in one of the suburbs, and has done so for very many years. Where he is best known there is he the best respected. He has his own con veyance, and he diives in and out of town every day. 