A Russian Ghost Story. Wiisn thj* Wirilcr v;na Ihn empress appointed « -b.y for tai:;:^ sion of it ; and clit-: of the guardj, arid a corps which wks composed cntireiv of iiot/e* men, mounted guard in the new cr.stto. A long, dark corridor lead to Ibcmiddlcdoorof the white or throne-room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o'clock nnd the arrival of tiie empress was rnomentarilvexnected. Sud denly the attention of the young men were attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the key- ~ hole of the throne-room. Who could have any business (at such an unusual hour in a room which was designated only for the re ception of foreign ambassadors? One of the young men considered it his duty to investi gate the matter, nnd approached the door for that purpose, but as soon as ho had glanced through the keyhole he called to his companion in a wbijper to come - nearer. ' The cmpreBs has already arrived,' whimp ered he ; she ia seated on the throne, directly opposite to the door.' The other also looked through the aperture and soon verified this to be a fact. Tho em press was seated in a tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under the red veHct canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted ; but it was impos sible to ascertain if any other persons were present, as the thickncss of tbe door-lock allowed no side view of the apartmeut. The young men returned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said,— ' You can all now retire : the empress will not come to-night.' . ? ' But her majesty is already hero,' . ' What? Who ?' 'Iter m.tjesty is in the throne-room.' ''rntyoasible I' ' Yon can6pc for yourself.' The cllieer looked, immediately recog nised tho empress, aud said wonderingly,-— 'I cannot understand what the rnarsha means, Ho has just arrived, and ordered that all tho guards be withdrawn ? the empress has changed ber mind, and will not nrrive to-night. Neverthe less, I see that she is here. Could she havo ' come secretly ? At all events I wiil ascer tain what new order the marshal ba9 issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the em press may pass this way.' The marshal, Princc Kuratin, was fortu nately in tho palacc, nnd as soon as he heard ? of the mysterious report hastened to the cor ridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole, ' My God, it is the empress I Her majesty herself 1 What can it mean ?' exclaimed he. ' Hovy can this bo possible, when I have just left her presence ? She was dressed in her usiial every*day attiro, and 1 see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must be somo mystery behind this. Let all entrances to the throne-room ba guarded 1 Let no one go iu or out I I will hasten to report at once.' Tbe distance between the two housea bein^ quite shorE, the marshal soon reached the email palace, temporarily occupied by tho empress, '? Where is tho empress ?' ' In her sleeping anartment.' ' Tbe prince looked at the lady of honor ' with suspicion, and said sharply— 11 Are you sure that the empress is here 7' ' Of couise ; Bhe is preparing to retire.' 4- Inform her instantly that I am here.' Iuafew minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into tbo empress' -jbamber. The empress stood before him in -n night negligee. Kuratin turned pale. ' Woll,' said the empress, ' you look as If ou had seen a ghost. What in Heaven'i ame is the matter with you ? Is thero any iews from the army?'1 Kuratin hurriedly related what he had ?:cn. ' It is a knavish trick,' cried Elizabeth We will take a nearer look at these come lians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin ; xou can mount behind. Hurry.' Arrived at the Winter Palaco, the cas tolinn was ordered to bring the key of the hrone room ; six grenadiers were com nanded to load their guns, and led by the .impress the little troop betook themselves to he corridor. The light shone as before through the key -olo. The door was cautiously opened and 1 flood of light filled the corridor. ThV ?mprcss stepped within tho room, followed :jy her guard who placed themselves around or. The room was brilliantly illuminated ?ut empty. On the throne was seated a ?iiipe, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed n purple and ermine, covered will iamonds, and crowned with the royal dia em. One instant Elizabeth gazer -??adfastly at her double, then moved foi ? ird a few steps. Simultaneously tho ap irition stood up, stepped down from th 'i rone, and then remained standing as im movably still A9 tbe empress. It was a thrilling moment 1 ? 'Fire I' cried the empress. The guards raised their guns and all six i.ued directly at the ghostly visitant. Tht ig^ers snapped. At the same instant the re, dapped its hands together, and the ?--m was suddenly plunged into intense arkness. Then followed a great commo 011 and confusion, while the empresi died, — 'Bring lights 1' Lights were speedily produced, and each turner was thoroughly searched, but abso utcly nothing could be found to elucidatr ?m mystery. Every door was locked and /uarded. The guardB had seen no one leave :hu palace. The empress ordered a moic 'borough search to be made, but in vain verc all efforts made to discover tho per petrator.of the trick, if trick it wctc. . Tho occurrence made a deeper impression upon Elizabeth than she woutd admit, Eigh. 'weeks afterwards she died. Not Good Grammar.— A young lady wai sitiiiig with her lover in a charmingly dcco' | rilled recess. On her knee was a diminutive niece. In an adjoining room, with door open, I v.'re the rest of the company. Says the I it tic nieco, in a jealous and very audible voice. ' Auntie, kiss me, too.' ' We leave you to imagine what had hap pened. *? You should Bay twke, Ethel, dear ; two is not grammar,' was the immediate re joinder. , Clover girl, A Profesalonal. — ' Beautiful iport— beautiful,' aaid the bagman. ' Sixty bird* in two hours and only missed two shots.' A quiet gentleman sitting in a corner of the hotel office, put down his paper, rushed across the room and grasped him warmly by tbehand. 'Allow me to congratulate yoi, sir,' hb said,' I am a professional myself.' ' Professional 6portsman ? ' ' No ; a professional liar.' Father (haughtily)-' Well, sir!-' Son (imploringly)— 'Forgive me. I know bow deeply I havo wronged you; but I am young, and I have yet timo to make reparation. If a future lifo of honesty— ' FATnElt (angrily)— ' Honesty 1 ha, ha! Who prates of honesty to a retired ipo dcaler?' Baron Sans Yon Leers, now at one of ibo fashionable watering places, iB described ss. nearly seven feet tall. In this rcBpect he must compare favorably with any ot the hotel bills. Against tho RuleB.— First Hod Carrier : ' What did tho Wilkin' Diligato fine yo fcr, Mike?' Stcond Ditto : 'For comin1 dovrn the Udder two rounds at a time,'. 