COUNTRY NEWS. PROVINCIAL NEWS. Aldinga, February 21. The anniversary services of the Aldinga Wes leyan Church were celebrated on Sunday and Mondaylaat. On Sunday the Be v. Mr. Paynter, Baptist minister, preached two very irapres give 66111101184 whioh were much, appreciated. On Mpnday the usual tea, which was fairly attended, was followed by a publio meeting, addressed by the Revs. 1. Kobney, Paynter, and others. Auburn, February 20. Inspector Clarke visited the public school last week, and complimented the master on the efficiency of the children, and particularly mentioned the decorations of the schoolrooms, the walls of which are artiatioally ornamented by the manual work of the scholars, set off by instructive pictures and maps. The newly planted vineyards are making a splendid Bhow just now, and seem to have quite recovered the severe cheok they received from the grabs. ... . Dairy farming is receiving more attention in the district than heretofore. Two separa tors are in ore at two different farmhouses, with a probability of a few mora being imported into the plaoe. A number of ensilage pits were put down when the feed was plentiful, and will doubtleaB repay the owners very shortly. Mr. Lyall, on the St. Andrew's property, has gone in for ensilage on the largest scale, he having lately added to the already large eilo a heavy crop of maize. Mr. Lyall has also at work a small irrigation Bcheme by whiob he leads the water from a creek above the place, and irrigates from 10 to 15 acres of ground adjoining tbe house. . . . . _ Election matters are as yet very quiet here, only two candidates having announced them selves. The branch of the Defence League is bestirring itself, and will doubtless have a good deal of influence at the coming voting tU\?beat comes in slowly, the low price keep ing farmers able to bold from selling. I hear of several having yet all last season's wheat m their barns. Auburn, February 22. A tennis match was played here to-day between the Kivertoa and Auburn Clubs. The game resulted in an easy win for the visitors, who aoored filty-six games to the AuburnB' twenty-Beven. Afternoon tea was served on the ground. The number of visitors attending betokened a revival of interest in ^A^timelight entertainment entitled a " Peep Behind the Scenes," followed by a coffee supper was held in the Wesleyon Chapel last night.' The Rev, S. Rossiter gave the connec tive readings. The affair passed off very successfully. Balaldava, February l8. A meeting o! residents, convened by Mr. W. Blake, J. P., Chairman of the Balaklava Dis trict Council, was held in the District Council Chamber this evening to consider the advw ab'eness of procuring a water supply for the township. A resolution was carried approving of the obtaining of a supply;, and a committee was appointed to make enquiries as to the best scheme to adopt, and to report the result of their investigations to a future meeting. Bookable, February. The farmers who have carted their wheat to the landing are beginning to feel anxioue, as no men h&ve; been sent to begin work there ye,The wheat average for our three hundreds is not so much aB was reported in tbe early part of the season. ... , . ... The weather lately has been pleasant with the exception of a few hot days. Burra, February 20. A large stack of hay was burnt down last night at Spring Bank, about two miles from tbe Burra. It was the property of Mrs. Camp, and was insured for £150. The oause of the tire is unknown, and an inquest will be held. Burra, February 21. A publio meeting was held in the Institute BuildingB, Kooringa, on Monday, February 20, to consider the advisableness of_ forming a committee to assist at the forthcoming fair to be held in the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition Buildings in August next in connection with tbe Industrial School for the Blind. There was a good attendance of ladies. Dr. Sangster occupied the chair. Mr. Hendry, Secretary to the Fair Committee, explained the objects of tbe fair. The following ladies were appointed as officers and committee, with power to add to their number:—President, Mrs. T. Sandland; Vice-President, Mrs. Sangster; Treasurer, Mrs. J. Drew; Secretary, Mrs. J. C. Sand land : committee, Mesdames P. L. Killicoafc, W. T. Kabbige, King, Austin, J. M. MoBnde, Dawkes, W. McBride, and R. McBnde, and Misses S. M. Jostling. R. Pearce, O Leary, MoBride, Wincey, Cave, Lockyer, and Rumball. VoteB of thanlce to the ladies for their attendance and to Dr. Sangster for presiding were passed. ... The Blind String Band and singers from the Industrial School for the Blind, ^ North Ade laide, gave an excellent concert) in the Insti tute Hall on Monday, February 20. Dr. Sangster occupied the chair. There was a good attendance. The whole programme was carried out in a creditable manner. At the close of the concert Mr Hendry, in acknow ledging the assistance rendered by the reai I dents, stated that the members of the oompany had all been entertained free of charge, and that the expense of the hall had been defrayed by Mr. W. Pearse, The company leave for Terowie to-day. On Monday evening the Burra Town Council held their usual meeting, whioh was of a pro tracted nature owing to some statements made in reference to the Waterworks Engineer, that be had been reiniBs in attending to certain duties. The Engineer having given the state ments a direct denial a committee was ap pointed to investigate the matter, and _ if necessary to call a apeeial meeting to deal with it. The investigation resulted in a special meeting being called* The parties who had made the statements were present, and gave their evidence in support of tbe assertions made. The Council were not unanimous in their opinion of the charge preferred, and the following motion was submitted:—" That this Council take no further aotion in the matter in reference to the statements made against the engineer." The voting being equal the Mayor gavehiscasting-voteinfavourofthemofclomThe proceeding at times were rather acrimonious. The meeting terminated at about 11 o clock. A lively discussion also took place in reference to a report which had been presented at a previous meeting and entered on the minutes. The report having been disapproved of by a majority of the Council, tbe standing orders were suspended last evening for the purpose of expunging it. The Mayor ruled that the proper procedure had not been taken in dealing with the matter in a constitutional way, and refused to take a motion on it. The mover then tabled a motion—"That a call of the whole Council be made on Monday, March G, for the purpose of expunging the report as entered in the minutes of the meeting held on January 16." . . Anniversary services of the Bible Christian Church, Kooringa, were celebrated on Sunday and Monday, February 19 and 20, On Sunday the Rev. Joseph Thomas preached.morning.: and evening. In the afternoon the servioe of Song, "Eva," was rendered by the choir. The connective readings were given by the Bev. J. Thomas. Miss Yeoman presided at ■ the organ, and Mr. Joseph Davey oonduoled. On Monday, February 20, the usual tea meet ing was held. This was followed by a public - meeting held in the Church. The report was read by Mr, John SnelL Addresses were delivered by the Revs. T. M. Flood and J. Thomas. Mr. J. Launder presided. Last night a robbery oocurred at the Burra. ■ Hospital. A box is kept inside the entrance door to receive donations from visitors, and ■ during the night some person managed to take it. The box had not been emptied for a long time, and it is supposed to have contained several pounds. Butaloo, February 21. Like most plaoes out west we are still suffer ing from one of the most severe droughts ever' known, and with no sign at present of any rain. Heavy winds from south and south east, aocompanied with du9tstorms, have been - experienced. Nearly all the waterholes are dried up, and the Iosb of cattle in the dietrict must be very heavy. If we do not get rain this - month it will be a bad look out, as March or April will be too oold to allow the grass to • grow. It is quite a rarity to see either horses - or cattle in^ anything like good condition even ■ now. It is stated that Miranda Station is shifting some of its cattle on to Yama Lake. They are expected to paee here in a day or two. _ _ Bute, February 15. Harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Churoh was held on Sunday last. The Bev. H. Holmes preaohed in the morning and Mr. Winwood, of Adelaide, in the evening. On Monday a ■ public tea was held, followed by a magio lantern entertainment, entitled "Marley's Ghost" and "Soenes from Life." The story ■ of " Marley'e Ghost" was read by the Bev. H,. Holmes, whilst Mr. Winwood conducted the • lantern. | Cleve (Yadnarie), February 15. j The weather has been excessively hot and . Bultry lately, the thermometer registering 95° and 100° in thesbade. Water oarting has boon begun. Rain is wanted. Wheat carting is - nearly over, for which the farmers are thank ful, as the roads are in a fearfully dusty con dition owing to traffic. The Cowell Institute will be opened on Fri day. _ Much interest is taken in it throughout the district. It is a large building, and will greatly add to the appearance of the town ship. Cockburn, February 19. Much satisfaction is expressed at the action - of the Government in granting a loan to the Directors of the Mutooroo Copper Mine in order to further develop the mine. Had the' Government not advanced the money much injury would have been done to this district, as most likely the mines would have had to close up. This was plainly seen by the Hon. T. Burgoyne, M.P., who was up here reoently, and who promised to see the Government immediately on his return, whioh he did, with the result that the money was readily granted. Oolton, February 15. A farewell sooial was tendered to Mr. D. T. Kenny on February 13, who is leaving for - Streaky Bay after a residence here of sixteen years. Mr. J. L. Higgins occupied the ohair. After the usual toasts had been honoured a presentation was made to Mr. Kenny. Mr. A. Day, J.P., Bpoke of the sterling worth of Mr. Kenny. Mr. D. T. Kenny suitably replied.. A pleasant evening was spent. Crystal Brook, February 22. A fire broke out between 12 and 1 o'clook this morning in Keleher's general store. Mr. Keleber lost both stock and bmlding. Slight ■ damage was done to the shops next door, occu pied by Messrs. Solomon & Pavy, bakers, and Mr. Fengelley, chemist. Mr. Pengelley's drugs were carried out into the street, and he suffered considerable loss owing to the rough handling. Messrs. Solomon & Favy's stock was also handed into the street and they are loBere. Great praise is due to those who helped to extinguish the fire in Keleher's, and were only just able toBave the adjacent buildings. Curramulka, February 17. | A complimentary social was given in the Institute last evening to Mr. F. R. Kumnick, who is leaving for Victoria. Mr. Thomas, Rickaby, J.P., occupied the chair. Mr. F. W. Luxmoore occupied the vice-chair. A very pleasant evening was spent. The toast of the evening was proposed by the Chairman, and supported by the vice-Chairman, and Messrs. Twelftree, Eastwood, McPharlin, Moore, and others. Mr. Kumnick feelingly responded. Curramulka, February 21. The Hon. W. B. Bounsevell arrived here last evening, and was cordially welcomed by a number of electors. Soon after his arrival he - received a deputation beaded by Mr. W. McDonald, J.P., on the subjeot of shipping facilities at Port Julia. This morning the Minister visited the public school, and alter addressing the soholars gave them a half holiday. He then left for Port Vincent and Minlaton. A successful sooial was tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Hummeraton on the eve of their depar ture for Western Australia. The Institute Hall was crowded, and dancing was kept up till an early hour. On Thursday evening a successful farewell was tendered Mr. F. 11. Kumnick, who is leaving for Victoria. Mr. T. Bickaby, J.P., presided, and Mr. F. W. Luxmoore filled the vice-chair. During the proceedings an address expressive of the eBteem in which Mr. Kum nick is held was presented to him by the Chair man. On Saturday evening,' in the Wesleyan, Church, an illuminated address and puree of: sovereigns were presented to Mr. A. J. Williams, who is leaving for the city. Mr. T. Moore presided over a large gathering. Refe rences were made to the loss the district would sustain in losing Mr. Williams. Mr. Williams - suitably responded. Editbburgh, February 21. Mrs. Caldwell, wife of Mr. James Oalowell. J.P., and mother of Mr. R. Caldwell, of Woodside, died last night. She was an old and respected resident of Wattle Point. The Hon. W. B. Bounsevell, who is going ~ through the Peninsula preliminary to the an nouncement of candidature, will bis at Edith burgh on Saturday. Gawler, 'February 17. Miss Shaw, the speoial correspondent of the . London Times, accompanied by the Premier Sir John and Lady Downer, arrived at Gawler - this morning. They breakfasted with the Hon. James Martin, M.L.O., and wereshown over the works of Messrs. James Martin and Co., Limited. Afterwards the party left for Tanunda for the purpose of visiting Seppelts- - field and Angaston, returning to Mount Lofty by the Hills route. _ Gladstone, February 17. Professors Lowrie and Perkins have signified their willingness to lecture at the annual con ference of the Northern Branches of the Agricultural Bureau, the date of which has been fixed for March 29 at Gladstone. The - members of the Central Bureau are also - expected, and all the Branches have been com- - municsted with. Goolwa, February 20. A child named Evandale was brought) up 'before Messrs. G. Goode and A. Graham to-day at the Police Court charged with ; placing stones on the railway line near Middleton. Mr. Jaokson, Traffio Superinten • dent, pointed out what a serious aooident might have happened through the stones being placed on the line. He asked the Bench to consider the age of the child. ' Ganger Hurst explained as to the finding of the stones. Trooper Bannigan stated he 'traced footmarks to Vincent's, andoharged the .girl Evandale, who admitted to him placing the BtoneB on the line. Several witnesses were \- called, who proved that the child was unoon trollable. The Bench sent the ohild to the Reformatory School till she attained the age \- of sixteen. Credit is due to Ganger Hurst and also to Trooper Bannigan, who succeeded in tracing the culprit. Goolwa, February 21. BAt the Police Court to-day, before Messrs. Goode and Graham, George Glover was charged, on an information laid by Trooper Bannigan, with supplying an aboriginal named Ranlune with beer. Defendant pleaded guilty, and was fined £2 and costs. Rankine was on remand charged with having two bottles of 'beer unlawfully in bis possession, and which might reasonably be supposed to have been stolen. The Bench dismissed the case on account of the prisoner telling the truth. 'E&Tbe; name of the child who was brought up before Messrs. G. Goode and A. Graham at the Police Court yesterday, charged with placing stones on the railway line near Middleton, was Heath, and not Evandale, as stated in Tuesday's Register. Hammond, February 21. A number of farmers and others witnessed a public trial of an invention recently patented by Mr. \V. Scott, of Moonlight, in the Hun dred of Palmer, for facilitating the loading of wheat into wagons or other purposes. The invention iB exoeedingly Bimpfe. The [aotual time oocupied in loading a wagon with forty- l five bags of wheat was ten and a half minutes for the first hoist, about two minutes additional being occupied in attaching the horse. The hands employed were one man on the ground to Bling the bags, one in the wagon to receive and stow them, and a boy to drive the horse. The appliance had previously been attached to the wagon, but Mr. Soott showed bow easily it oould be affixed or removed from one wagon to another in a few minutes. Two men oan easily lift it about, but for loading wheat only muob lighter timber would be strong enough, although the extra strength renders it avail able as a derrick for elevating heavier weights. All present expressed themselves highly pleased with the invention, which is the means of saving an immense amount of labour. Happy "Valley. February 22. On Tuesday, February 21, the Rev. F. W. Samwell, of Mitcham, conducted service here. Bishop Reunion has requested Mr. Samwell to take charge of Happy Valley, and the rev. gentleman intends holding a eervioe on every alternate Tuesday at Smith's boarding-house. The oamp is very well provided for in religious matters. There is a Bible Christian and Congregational Church, at which servioes are held on Sundays. On Thursday the Salvation Army hold forth, and every alter nate Friday the Y.W.C.T.U. render musioal selections. The Y.M.C. A. are also here on a Sunday afternoon. Jamestown, February 21. Harvest thanksgiving services were held at the Wesleyan Church on Sunday, when the Rev. W. A. Laugsford preached to good congregations. On Monday afternoon a fruit soiree was held, and in the evening an enter tainment was given by tbe choir. There was a large attendance. The Rev. Kean M. Pitt preached his fare well sermon here on Sunday last. r Kapunda, February 20. Mr. George May was thrown out of a pony trap this morning, but luckily escaped without serious injuries. At MeBBrs. Hawke & Co.'s foundry a mechanic whilst working at a punobing machine had his finger perforated, necessitating the amputation of two joints. The Kapunda Tennis Club beat the Nuriootpa Club at a game of tennis on oaturaay. Kapunda, February 21. _ Harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Kapunda Wesleyan Church on Sunday, February 19. The Rev. C. Lane, of Eudunda, preached to good congregations in the morning and evening. The oelebration was continued on Monday, when a variety entertainment was given in the Lecture Hall. There was a large attendance. The proceedings included a leoturetteou "Reminiscences of the Viotorian Goldfields" by the Rev. C. Lane, vocal and instrumental muBio, and two good recitations. Dr. Alfred Bennett presided. I Langhorne's Creek, February 21. I Cool and pleasant weatber prevails, but the soil is very dry, and rain would be most welcome. The season here has not been satisfactory, feed being anything but plenti ful For the first time for many years harvest thanksgiving services were held thiB week in the WeBleyan Church. On Sunday the Rev. F. S. Finch preached afternoon and evening to large congregations. The Church building waB very tastefully and lavishly adorned by the young ladies with sheaves of wheat, vegetables, fruits, and flowers, and a choir rendered music appropriate to the -festive occasion. Last evening the oele biations were brought to a close with a concert and lecture, followed by a public supper. Mr. A. J. FoUett presided at the meeting, which was well attended, and expressed the hope that the southern dis tricts would follow the good example set by the Northern Areas in holding thanksgiving services for every year's harvest. The Rev. F. . S. Finch delivered a humorous lecture on "Curious Announcements," and the proceed ings were agreeably varied by solos and duets by Mrs. Follett, Miss Davidson, and Miss Jarrett, Mrs. Finch accompanying on the piano. Recitations were given by yonnger -members of the congregation. The supper, whicb was a pronounced success, was held at ■■ the OddfellowB' HalL Maclaren Yale, February 21. Great interest is being taken in the looal Institute Building, which, when ready for occupation, will fill a long-felt want. The ground has already been neatly fenoed in. The vintage is (dose at hand, many kinds of .grapes being ripe. The currant vineyards in the neighbourhood promise a fair yield, and pioking begins this week. Macumba, February 7. The weather continues very dry, with no appearance of a change. The heat has been unusually severe, registering each day about 112° in the shade. ' In Oodnadatta for the week it registered in \- the stores and buildings 114° in the shade, and in tbe schoolroom 116°. Officially at the railway station and post-office it was up to 108°. The nights were also dreadfully hot. 31 From the hevl of the line to here is con sidered forty miles. Twenty-three miles from Oodnadatto on the road is the Storm Creek Well, with good tronghing, and a horse and whim, and person in charge. This is excellen stock water, and there is a fair supply. Good drinking water is obtainable in small } quantity twelve miles further on, and five miles from here in a eoakage called Ross's hole in Macumba Creek. Here at Macumba there is a fair well of stock water and good troughing; a very limited supply of domestic water in a soakage. . At the present moment there are eighty loaded camels, some of them watering, and a string of cattle at the Macumba Well. The camels are loaded for Alioe Springs, Henbury, Tempe Downs, and Dalhousie Spring Stations respectively. A long stringof oamels passed down on the 5th inst. in good condi tion, returning from Newcastle Waters after an eight months' trip, successfully de ' livering loading without losing a single camel in spite of the poison-plant country. The people here are suffering from a severe sort of sore eyes. Several children are nearly blind._ It seems a different kind of Sore eye to anything they have previously experienced, and terribly painful. Maitland, February 22. _ The Treasurer (Hon. W. B. Rounsevell) ar rived here to-day. He has been most favour ably received by the electors throughout the Peninsula. He has not addressed any meet ings. Meadows, February 20. We arc having a most singular season. Two or three hot days at the most are gene rally followed by about ten days of almost wintry winds and spots of rain from the south. Very little Irain, and that too light to benefit the crops, has fallen since November. The potato crops are hardly worth digging. Maize, sorghum, and other green stuff is suffering badly. A fire started in one of the paddocks close to the township a couple of days ago, but was got under before doing any damage. A considerable amount of building is going on in the neighbourhood. The butter factory >3 additions have been completed, and two new creameries—one at Kangarilla and the other at Bull's Creek, four miles from here—are being mt up at a total cost of (£1,400. The new Council buildings are nearing completion, as is also St. George's Church. Mr. Maidment is erecting a oommodiouB Btone house. The local branch of the Agricultural Bureau are busily employed, together with a number of ladies, getting up the intended Children's Industrial Exhibition for the District of Kondoparinga to be held on March 29. The members for the district paid us a visit some time ago, and their representations in duced the Minister of Eduoation and Mr. Hartley to see for themselves what state the school buildings are in. The result was a notification that there were no funds to erect a new building, and an offer to erect a temporary iron classroom. A meeting of the residents was held to consider this proposal, when it was unanimously resolved that the erection of an iron classroom be not enter tained, and that the Government be asked to erect a new building to hold 150 pupils. It was further deoided to request the Inspector of Schools that the Distriot Hall should be rented at 5s. per week, and some thirty chil dren taught there under a properly qualified assistant teacher. A number of the little ones are now being taught in a shed open on two sides, and when the weather is wet must be kept at home altogether. The ratepayers have erected two schools, subsidized a third, pur chased the land for the fourth at a total cost of near £1,000 out of their pockets, and are now to have a paltry iron shed erected. There is considerable feeling in the matter. Anniversary services in oonnection with the Wesley an Church were held on Sunday and Monday last. Minlaton, February 22. A publio meeting was held in the Institute laBt night in conneotion with the National De fence League. Mr. R. Hogarth lectured on the objects of the League, and explained their policy. There was a good attendanoe of re presentative gentlemen. The lecturer and the Chairman (Mr. W. Long) were accorded votes of thanks. Moonta, February 17. An inquest was held on Friday la9t at the farm of Mr. T. Boyd, near Bald Hills, Moonta, by Mr. W. H. Wilkinson, J.F., and a Jury, as to the origin of a fire which destroyed 200 acres of grass, valued at £50, on Saturday, the Uth inst. According to a Dttnaee Mv TOmr*) liti b. fira vn acmn itUiicrhftd land to destroy what grass there was prior to burning some scrub, but that smoke was seen on Mr. Cooper's adjoining section before Mr. Boyd's commenced to burn, and that the grass wbicbMr.Boydandhismenwereburning. which waB half a mile distant from the soene of the fire had been put out, and had no connection with that which destroyed the grass complained of. Mr. Coopers employe (Barnes) and his two sons rebutted statements made by the previous witnesses, and swore that the fire started in a paddock belonging to Mr. R. Fischer, adjoining that of Cooper's and Boyd's. After hearing the evidence, which lasted over two hours, the Jury returned the following verdict:—" The evidenoe being of such a con flicting nature the Jury are of opinion that there is nothing in the evidence to show by whom the fire was lighted." Mount Gambier, February 17. The epidemic of influenza is very prevalent in the Mount Gambier district at present, nearly every household having been visited. The complaint in the majority of oases has been (says the S.E. Star) so far of a mild cha racter, but Borne severe cases have been reported recently. It is thought that to the changeable and at times unseasonable weather may be attributed very much of the prevailing siok ness. Mount Gambier, February 19. Mr. James Hately, one of our old residents, diedyesterdaymormng.agedeighty- eightvears. The deceased was in the very early days of the colony a member of the police, and had several Btirring experiences when oonnected with the force. About thirty-eight years ago he came to this district, and had been farming here for over thirty years. He was hale and active up to a week of his death. Mr. Hately leaves seven sons and four daughters and an extraordinary number of grandchildren and great-grand children. Mr. James Umpherston was yesterday elected President of the Agricultural aooiety. Mount Gambier, February 20. The Rev. J. Nioholson, Seoretary of the National Soripture Education League, de livered a lecture to-night in the Institute on Bible-resding in State schools. Resolutions in favour of the objects of the League and of the introduction into the schools of the Sorip ture lesson-books were carried. A committee in connection with the League was formed. Mount Gambier, February 21. One of the oldest of South Australian colonists and a very old resident of this dis trict (says the S.E. Star) passed away on Saturday morning in the person of Mr. J. S. Hateley, who had reached to within a day or two of the ripe old age of eighty-eight years. Mr. Hateley arrived in Tasmania in 1820, when fifteen years of age. He was engaged in whaling for some time, and visited the little settlement of Portland before tbe establishment of the colony of Viotoria. About fifty-five yeara ago be settled in South Australia, and was for some years engaged in splitting in the Tiers. He oame with his family to Mount Gambier thirty-Bix years ago, and took up the farm upon which he has raided up till the time oi hie death. Until quite reoently he was hale and active, and only for the past few days has been ailing, having had a slight attack of the prevailing epidemic influenza. On Saturday morning he took his breakfast as usual, but shortly afterwards became ill and expired. The immediate cause of death was debility and failure of the heart's action. He leaves a widow and eleven grown-up sons and daugh ters, eighty-one grandchildren, and seven great-grandchildren. The funeral took place on Monday, and was largely attended. Narraooorte, February 20. All the hundreds within the Council District of Narraooorte have now been laid with phosphorized wheat. Every landowner has, through the activity of the inspectors, been oompelled to operate on hiB own land, and the reserves and unoccupied portions have been throughly treated by gangs of men in the pay of the Council. The result so far has been moBt successful, not less than 75 per oent. of the rabbits having been destroyed. Another raid of a similar nature is to be made next month, when the pest will probably be as nearly exterminated as possible. .Bishop Kennion, of Adelaide, has been with us during the week holding various services in St. Paul's Churoh, assisted by the Be v. A. Wheeler, M.A. A very large con gregation filled the Church on Wednesday evening, when the Bishop delivered an eloquent sermon suitable for the Lenten season. He visited Luoendale on Thursday and returned to town on Friday. Narraooorte, February 21. The jBtrald reports at length an interesting caBe in which Mrs. Redman, the postmistress, Bued Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Turner for £5 damages for slander. Mrs. Turner went to the post-office about a letter whioh had been opened, and His Worship held that the words used at the time were privileged, Mrs. Turner acting in a thoroughly bona-fide manner. If people were to be subject to actions for slander for making complaints there would be little hope of having enquiries made. The judgment, however, was not to he understood as implying that the defendant's allegations of opening letters were in any way true. Plain tiff was nonsuited. Orroroo, February 18. Miss Spence delivered her leoture on "Effective Voting" in the Institute Hall last night. The Hon. A. R. Addison, M.L.C., occupied the ohair. _ The attendance was thoroughly representative. The lecturer spoke for nearly two hours, and was listened to with very great attention. The Bubject was handled in a clear and intelligent manner, the audienoe apparently obtaining a good insight into the method of voting. At the olose of the lecture a ballot was taken, resulting in the return of the Hons. Dr. Magarey, D. M. Charleston, and J. L. Stirling by the first votes, and Messrs. Buttery and Birks by the approximate votes. A hearty vote of thanks was aocorded Miss Spence. The weather is very hot and dry. A good downpour of rain would be welcomed. Tanks are becoming exhausted m some plaoes. Petersburg, February 1G. Miss Spence paid another visit to Peters burgh to-day and lectured in the Town Hall this evening on "Effective Voting." The Mayor presided over a good audience. Miss Spence was attentively heard, and was accorded a hearty vote of thanks, several gentlemen expressing their appreciation of the scheme. Petersburg, February 21. I At a meeting of the Junotion Lodge of Oddfellows last evening P.G. Brother Usher was presented with the P.G. jewel. This evening the Misses Albu appeared in the Town Hall before a very good audience and met with a splendid reoeption. Port Augusta, February 20. The Misses Albu completed a successful concert season on Saturday. On Sunday Miss Albu sang in the Anglican Church. Port AuguBta, February 21. Miss Spence lectured on "Effective Voting" at the Institute to-night. There was a splendid meeting. The mook ballot resulted as fol lows :—Charleston, Magarey, Stirling, Angas, Guthrie, and Birks. One hundred and thirty one persons voted, and there were only 2 informal votes. Port Germein, February 22. A considerable quantity of wheat is still arriving by teams. This makes the port look busy. The quotation for wheat remains at 3s. Port MacDonnell, February 15. On Sunday evening last Bishop Eennion, assisted by Dr. Craig, held a confirmation service at the local Anglican Church. There were five candidates. The Church was naoked, many visitors being present from Allandale Fast and Mount Gammer. The choir, under the leadership of Mrs. T. Badenoch, acquitted themselves admirably. An entertainment was held last night in the Friendly Societies' Hall in aid of the Sunday school Picnic Fund. The performers were prin cipally children who were well trained by Mrs. Goldswortby, and their performances reflected great credit on her teaching, notably two action songs, viz., "The Mill," by the senior children, and "The Baby," by the younger ones. Their other numbers were choruses, "Lilly Dale," "Schoolsong," "The day," and " Good-night." The other items of the evening were as follows:—Piano overtures and duets by Misses Badenooh and Schuetze, songs by Mrs. T. Badenoch, Misses Orohard, Clark, M. Orchard, Taylor, and F. Badenoch, and a comio song by Mr. Harry Foord. A duet, "Come o'er the moonlit Bea," by Mrs. Goldswnrthy and Miss Badenoch, and two tableaux, "Faith, hope, and charity" and " Three old maids of Lee." The accompani ments were played by Misses Badenoch, MoClintock, and Schuetze. Port Pirie, February 17. Mr. Cookson, of the firm of Cookson and Son, of Newcastle-on-Tyne, metal merchants, and Mr. Harvey Patterson, Chairman of the British Directorate, arrived from Broken Hill this morning. They made a thorough inspec tion of the refinery. The former expressed surprise at the magnitude of the works. Mr. Bond, of the London Board of the British Company, intended visiting the port, but re turned to Adelaide from Petersburg owing to indisposition. Port Pirie, February 19. A serious stabbing case took place last night on board the ship Narcissus, lying at the Broken Hill Wharf. It appears that several seamen went aboard at a late hour and tried to effeot an entranoe to the oabin. The ofifioers resisted, and a Russian draw his knife, and attempted to stab the ehief offioer, who re treated. He then turned upon the seoond mate »nd stabbed him between the shoulders, the blade turning from the longs. Dr. Stewart was qnickly in attendance, and the wounded man was removed to the hospital. At the latest advices he was progressing favourably, and no serious results were expeoted. It is thought that the blow was intended for the chief officer. Port Pirie, February 20. At the Police Court to-day Stephen Ander son, a seaman, was charged with unlawfully stabbing with intent William Cameron, second mate of the ship Narcissus. The evi dence of the chief officer, Dr. Stewart, and the arresting constable was taken, and the prisoner was then remanded. He was also charged with attempting to wound William Chamberlain, first mate. The prisoner was committed for trial at the Gladstone Circuit Court. Inspector Saunders prosecuted. Cameron is progressing favourably. Fort Fine, February 21. Since Saturday we have had a sucoession of heavy duststorms. The weather is now oool, with etrong south-westerly winds. Port Pirie, February 22. The Superintendent of Publio Buildings arrived to-day. He was met by the Mayor and leading townsmen. It was decided to repair the police station and erect cells in the oentre of tne town; also to improve the ventila tion of the Courthouse. Port Victoria, February 20. Harvest thanksgiving services were held in St. Albans Church last evening. The services were conduoted by the Rev. 15. W. Hawkins, and were well attended. The Churoh was artistically decorated, and reflected credit on those who did the work. There wasspeoial singing by the choir under the leadership of Miss Hincks. Quorn, February 10. The want of rain to replenish tanks and dams is now beginning to be felt. Many far mers are carting water, and the roads are getting much out up, the wheat carting gaud other heavy traffic not having improved them. Quorn, February 22. Quorn has during the present month been visited by numbers of swagsmen, some of whom have given the police considerable trouble. This morning at the Polioe Conrt, before Mr. A. M. Jaffrey, J.F., John Melville for drunkenness and riotous behaviour was sent to gaol for fourteen days with hard labour. James Leary for drunkenness and violently resisting the police was awarded two calendar months' imprisonment with hard labour. His Worship remarked that in future all caB6B coming before him of assault or resist ing the polioe whilst in the execution of their duty would be severely dealt with. Redhill, February 15. Harvest thanksgiving services were held at the Wesleyan Churoh on Sunday last. The Minister of the Circuit, the Rev, O. H. Nield, oondueted three services. The Church was tastefully decorated. The choir rendered suitable selections, which were muoh enjoyed. On Wednesday evening a successful ooncert was given at the Institute by lady and gentle men visitors from Koolunga and Yaoka. Selections from the cantatas "Flower Queen" and the " Haymakers" elioited applause, as did also a violin dneb and a number of popular songs. The Rev. A. J. S. Fry conducted. Mrs. Fry acted as pianist. A fruit soiree fol lowed, and was well patronised. On Tuesday evening last a complimentary sooial was tendered Miss Anderson on the eve of her departure from the district. There was a large gathering of friends, and a very pleasant evening resulted. The Rev. G. E. Wheatley gave a lecture on phrenology in the Wesleyan Churoh on Feb ruary 9. There was a fair audience. Riverton, February 17. An acoident happened last Monday on the farm of Mr. J. G. Kelly. Whilst a "header" waB being worked the belt slipped off the wheel, and the horseB being very restive a young man named W. Dawson ran to stop them, and, tripping over the rod of the works, fell The horses treading on him out him badly about the head and face. He was taken to Dr. Allwork, who dressed the wounds, and he is now progressing favourably. On the same evening Mr. Thomas Kelly was riding to his brother's farm, when his horse ran into a barbed-wire fence, Mr. Kelly receiv ing a severe cut below the knee. Dr. Allwork was sent for, and stitched up the wound. Harvest thanksgiving servioes in connection with the Wesleyan Churches in this Circuit were conduoted laBt Sunday by the Rev. H. H. Teague, of Kapunda, in the morning and evening at Riverton, and in the afternoon at Rhynie. The services were well attended, the chapels being nicely deoorated. a picnio was held on Wednesday in Mr. J. Harris's paddock, Gum Yale, and the usual games were indulged in. A quantity of goods left from the bazaar last Christmas Eve were reoffered and disposed of. The proceeds were in aid of circuit; tunas. Bounsevelland Wrenford6ley, February 15. The harvest is now over, and the carting is also nearly finished. The highest return has been 10 bushels and the lowest about 4 bushels per acre. The average for the district is about 7 bushels. The low price offered is the greatest drawback. The low price of wheat is the more severely felt on account of the low return the wool made this season. Ploughing bas again been started, and a larger area will be under cultivation this year. The weather is cool, not 1 at all like summer. Feed is becoming scarce, J and stock are getting low in oondition. ! Strathalbyn, February 17. The anniversary of the Strathalbyn Branch of the Temperance Legion was celebrated to- I day. Tea was provided in the Bechabite Hall, and was well patronised. A public meeeting followed, and was presided over by the Bev. F. S. Finch. There was a large attendance. A good programme was provided, j inoluding an interesting address by Misb j George (S. A. Secretary of the W.C.T.U.). The supper at the olose of the meeting was also well patronised. Tarlee, February 20. On Saturday evening tbe annual meeting of the Tarlee Institute was held, and a very satisfactory year's work was reported. Over 1,200 books have been taken out during the year, being a considerable inorease on that of the previous years. Mr. Edwards was elected President, Mr. Mclnerney Vioe-President, and Mr. Bosch Secretary for the coming year. The total receipts for the year amounted to £81, the balance in hand being £32. This was j considered satisfactory. The country looks somewhat dry and miser able, and rain is now anxiously awaited. A considerable amount of wheat is still ooming into the township to the various wheatbuyers. Some 7,000 bags have already been delivered. Terowie,'February 21. The Blind Institution String Band and Ghoir performed in the Institute Hall to-night to a crowded house. The performers met with an enthusiastic reception. The members of tbe company are being entertained by the towns people, so that the takings of the entertain ment will be a net gain to tbe Blind Institution. Election matters are quiet. Harvesting is finished. Farmers complain bitterly of tne low prices of wheat. Virginia, February 20. A change in the post and telegraph office is impending. Miss Main, who has had oharge of the Virginia office for tbe last ten years, is now to be transferred to Macclesfield. Tbe departing lady will leave many friends who valued her courtesy and attention. Tbe master of our school has been trans ferred to Bedhill, aftor^ spending five years in charge of the Virginia Sohool. A hearty "send off" on his departure would have been tendered to Mr. Burton, but the short notice of the change prevented proper arrange ments being made. Mr. Burton was muoh esteemed here by pupils and parents alike. Mr. Neil, who has had charge of the Wellington West School, has now been transferred to the oharge of the Virginia School, and has already made himself popular here. The newly formed Crioket Club had their opening match on Saturday week with theTwo Wells second eleven. Tne Virginians scored the first win. The return match is to come off at Two Wells on Saturday next. The members of the denomination calling themselves the Christian Church are about to build a place of worship. This will be the fourth Church building in Virginia. Wallaroo, February 21. Ziast Sunday harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Welsh Church, the pastor (Rev. John Lloyd) officiating. Bad eyes and influenza are prevalent, espe cially among ohildren. The influenza does not appear to be so severe as it was last year. The weather is warm during day but cool at night and at times squally. Watervale, February 20. Arrangements are being made to give an entertainment on Faster Monday on behalf of the Queensland Flood Relief Fund. The weather continues very dry, and many of the householders' tanks have run out. Vintage will Bhortly be Btarted. There has been a fair crop. Fruit of all kinds has been a drug this year. Waulcaringa, February 15. We are glad to welcome the advent of Dr. Telfer. Business is exceedingly dull. People have been great sufferers through the heavy dis charge of upwards of forty men from the Alma on Saturday last. Waukaringa, February 20. We have experienced cool weather for the last three or four days. ColdB and sore throats are prevalent. One case of diphtheria has been reported. Willunga, February 18. An influential meeting was held at the Bush Hotel, Willunga, on Thursday evening to consider the advisableness of ereoting a flax mill at the Square Waterhole, the property of Mr. A. T. Honner. Port Viotor and Hind marsh Valley were represented at the meeting. Mr. Bolger, of Port Victor, presided, and spoke in favourable terms of the great advan tages which would arise in the various distriobs by the establishment of a flax mill and faotory. He said be felt sure that the oause of the failure of the industry at Port Victor some years ago was in no way due to the want of flax of good quality, but rather owing to mis management and an insufficient supply of fresh water. The mill at Willunga had not been a failure, but had been olosed by the action of the Corporation, which objeated to the smell caused by the flaxpits. On Mr. Honner's property that objection oould not arise; be sides, there was a bountiful Bupply of splendid water, and it had the advantage of oooupying a central position, with good roads. After Messrs. T. Atkinson, Attrill, Payne, and Honner had spoken on the matter it was unanimously resolved that it was desirable to build a flax mill at the Square Waterhole, and a committee consisting of Messrs. Attrill, 6. Atkinson, A. T. Honner, T. Lane, and T. Martin, jun., was appointed to obtain all information in connection with flaxgrowing and to report to the next meeting, to be con vened shortly. It was the general feeling of the meeting that it was desirable to work the mill on the co-operative principle, but that was left an open question. Windsor, February 21. Anniversary services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church were conducted on Sunday in the Institute Hall by the Rev. T. Weatherill, Circuit minister. The atten dances were very large, both at the services and the public tea on Monday. The publio meet ing on Monday evening was presided over by Mr. Thomas Jenkins, a former resident of this neighbourhood, who has recently returned from Mount Gambier after an absence of about ten years. Woodside, February 17. The Rechabites held their annual picnio in Mr. Lanterbach's paddock on Thursday. There was a good attendance. Various amueements were provided. A successful con cert was given in the Institute in the evening. From the Narracoorte Herald :—The Direc tors of the Tatiura Produce Company have just issued their report and balance-sheet for the bait-year ending reoruary u, louo, ana in shows the affaire of the Company to be in a very prosperous state. During the half-year the Company purchased 30,TOG gallons of milk at a cost of £129 2s. lid., and made and sold 12.3G2 lb. of butter, which, with the skim milk sold, realized £621 12s. llld. Of this amount £4G7 10s. Gd. has been re ceived from Adelaide. During the corres ponding montliB of last year the Company purchased 20,748 gallons of milk, and sold !),7G1 lb. of butter, so that the half-year just closed shows an increase on the corresponding half-year of 9,958 gallons in milk purchased and 2,601 lbs. of butter sold. The Company has made a profit of £21 2s. Old., against a profit of £5 4s. 8d. made last half-year, notwith standing the prices ruling for produce having been very low. 