VICTORIA THEATRIE. The Walter Bentley Season. Tn? Bentley Dramatic Company produced Shakespeare's immortal tragedy "Hamlet" in the Victoria Theatre last evening. The building was almost filled by an audience which certainly appreciated the production, and at the close of two of the acts the leading members of the company were called before tho curtain. Mr. WValter Bentley has played "LHamlet" in this city before, and as ho created a mostfavourablo impression it was to be anticipated that he would last night repeat his former success. Everyonoe isfamiliar with the great tragedy. and it may be said that overy actor gives his own conception of the part of the Prince of Denmark. Mr. Bentley. has his own particular ideas of how the character is to be pourtrayed, and as we said months ago it is undoubtedly his strongest impersonation, so far as his performances in this city are concerned. Nothing but praise can be said of his anoting last night, and from the first scene to the last, where death seizes the four principal characters, he succeeded in carrying the audience with him. Pcr haps it 'was in the scene with his mother- the Queen of Denmark that he was at his best, his facial expressions on again seeing the spirit of his father being remarkably vivid and natural. In the part of Ophelia Miss Virginia Viviono pourtraycd the poor demented girl almost to perfection. In fact, her acting in the fourth act surprised the people, and the lady, in response to thea applause, was compelled to bow her aclkaow ledgments before the footlights on the fall of the curtain. Miss Kate Bishop ably took the part of the Queen of Denmark, and in the scene with Hamlet in the open ing of the fourth act, the lady succeeded in proving her right to the proud position of being one of the leading actresses in Aus tralia. Mr. E. B. Russel, as the King of Denmark, was very good, and the same must be said of Mr. Lnchlan M Gowan as Polonius, and Mr. A. M. Seaton, who took the somewhat difficult part of Horatio; the bosom friend of Hamlet. Mr. J. Stark do serves special mention for his acting in the . small, but splendid, part of old gravedigger, the character as a rule not receiving that,;"' treatment which it deserves at the hands of theatrical managers. Mr. H. R. Roberts took ;the part of Laeertes very fairly, and' Mr. M.. Majeroni well sus tained the difficult role of the ghost. The various other characters werewell taken, the production ranling as ono'of the finest et seeon in this city. This evening Mr. Walter Bentley: will take a benefit, and for the occasion a double bill will bne presented. Tho'first portion will be the delightful comedy " David Garrick," which will be followed ' by the Scotch farce " Cranmond Brig." . 