6 « 6 J- Witness to the Deed [By Gisouuis JIanvil^e Fknn.] .S--. ? CHAPTER XLIX. A NIGHT ALAUJI. ' The post !' Iii) said to hini.solf. He would be able to luarn there ; and, half disposed lo hire some vehicle and £-- across ten miles to the town, he entered the dooiway, to start ouco more, this .timo with. a thrill of certaintv. For, as ho advanced, he saw at the end of tho passage a man in eonversa tioii with tho landlady. He was making enquiries abont a boat for a sail next day. The next minute he turned to \- leave, and. Stratton came face to faco with Guest. ' Great heavens !' cried the latter hoarsely, ; ' you or your ghost ? Oh, Mai. old boy, if it is you,, liow could you be so mad as to come on here ?' ''Mad ? Mad V stammered Stratton. 1 What do you mean ?' ? Why,; as to; follow me V 'I — I did hot kuow you were here.' , Ob, hang that, man ! I told you in mylefcter..' ; ° -'' What letter ?' ? The one I wrote and pushed into ijqur letter-box after coming twice to toll yon.' '?- -Letter?' ? 'W'hyt of course. You had it, or you couldn't have followed.' Stratton's hand went to bis breast, and the next minute he drew out a soiled . letter doubled up into three from the pressure of his pocket book. ? You wrote this letter to me to' tell me you were coming here ?' said Stratton in slow, strange accents. ' Of course I did, and I tell yon that you have done a mean, cruel thing in following me. It can do no good ; Sir Mark will be furious ; and it is cruel to Myra.' ' Myra — Myra here !' gasped Strat ton, as he reeled against the wall. ' Don't make a scene, man,1 cried Guest in a low whisper. ' Of course : I told you she was coming, and how the old man insisted upon my coming too. \- Why, you haven't opened the letter !' 'No,' said Stratton, in a hoarse whis per. 4 Then how came you here ?' . ., ' I— Heaven only knows !' said StraV ton. ' It is beyond me.' Guest looked at him curiously, a3 he doubted his word. 1 We only came to-day. Had to stop ' at place after place ;. Myra is .so weak and ill.1 ? Stratton gioaned. ? « Yes,' said Guest ; ' that's better. ITqw look here. You and I will start off at daybreak for home. It's hard on me, but it must be done.' ' Yes. I saw you two — on tho sands to-night. I was not sure. But tell me where are they staying ?' ? At a little chateau-like place on the cliff ; they got it through a woman they knew at St. Malo a couple or three years ago. She was 'servant there. She is nursa now to an invalid gentle man staying at a cottage just below.' Stratton stood gazing at his friend as ' he had been turnod to stone. CHAPTER L. ' AND ALL IN VAIN. ' _ Guest stood looking at his friend for lra - 'few moments, half puzzled, half annoyed. « Look here,' he said at last, taking' his arm and drawing it through his own 4 we can't talk freely in this place. Come out and have a cigar on the sands.' Stratton made no reply, but walked ..out with him like a man who had been stunned, Guest taking the direction op posite to that' in which the admiral's temporary homo lay. Then, stopping short by the ebbing sea, he drew out his cigar case and offered it ; but it was waved aside. ' 'Quite right,' said Guest shortly ; 'we can't smoke now. Look here, old fellow, I'shouldn't be your friend if I did not speak out when you were in the wrong. You must have known we were coming here, and you must see now that /.you, have done, as I said, a cruel thing in coming ; so gives me your word as a man of honour that yon will be ready to start with me in tho morning, first thing.' 4 1 tell you I did not know they were coming here,' said Stratton, in a deep, solemn tone ; ' I tell you I did not fol low you, and I tell you I cannot leave here with you in .the' morning.' 4 Then how in the world did you come here?' ' 4 1 , don't know. I suppose it was rjate.' 4 Bosh ! Who believes in fate ? Don't talk nonsense, man. I am hor ribly sori'y for you, as sorry as I can be for a man who is my friend, but who has never properly confided in me : but I stand now toward the admiral and Myrn in such a position that I cannot keep aloof and see them insulted — well, I will not say that — see their feelings hurt by the reckless conduct of a man who is in the wrong.' ?'.;: 'In tho wrong ?' ?Yes: in the wrong. You havo jvronged Myra. .Stratton sighed. * And made her the wreck she is. I don't flay you could havo made things better by speaking out — that is your secret — but I do say you could mako matters hotter by keeping away.' 4 Yes, I must go away as soon as possible. 4 You will, then ?' cried Guest eagolry. ' In tho morning.' ? No ; ? yes, if I can get away.' * Tliat'a quibbling, man ; an excuse to get near nr.d see her,' cried Guest angrily. 'I swear it is not,' cried Stratton. * You will not bolieve mo even after see ing your letter — which I had forgotten -~w«a unopened,' ' I can't, Mai. I wi&h; to goodness I could.' 1 Never mind. I can say no more. 1 You mean that you will say no more,' said Guest shortly. 'I mean what I said,' roplied Strat ton. 'Very well. You must take your road ; I must take mine.' Stratton was silent, and Guest tnrned short round on his heelj took a couple of steps away, but turned back. 'Mai, old chap, yon mako me wild,' he cried, holding out his hand. 4 1 know it's hard to bear — I know how you loved her — but sacrifice self for your honor's sake ; be a man, and come away. There, I'll walk with you to the post town. You'll come 1 ' I cannot yet. ' ?Why?' , . ' It is better that I should not tell you, ' replied Stratton firmly. Will you trust me ? ? Will you confide in me, and tell me all your reasons for this strange con duct? ' Some day ; not now, ' * You will not trust me, and you a9k me to trust you. It can't be done man; you ask too much. Once more, are we to be friends 1 ' '? ?Yes.' 'Then vou will sroV ?Yes.' ? At once?' ?? 'No.' 4 Bah !' ejaculated Guest angrily, and he turned and strode away, while Strat ton uttered a low sigh . of misery, and yet of relief, for his friend's presence was irksome to him now that he wanted to act. He waited till Guest had been gone for some minutes, and then, taking a short cut, he strode along the sand, half in dread of encountering him again, but feeling that he must risk it, though cer tain that if they did meet, Guest would reproach him with going, toward the admiral's residence in order to obtain an interview with Myra. '. ' He must think it — he must think it, ' muttered Stratton, as he hurried on, now stumbling over a piece of rock, now slipping on some heap of weed left by the tide. But he pressed forward, making straight for a light which shone out plainly half-way up the cliff, and which he instinctively judged to be at Sir Mark's abode, and a sense of despair clutched bis heart as he felt how he was to be so near and yet dared not even look, much less speak. Suddenly he found that, though he was making straight for the cliff, he was wading through water, but he kept, on, believing that he had entered a pool' left by the tide, till the water rose from his ankle3 to his knees, and a rushing sound warned him that the tide had turned, and was coming in fast. Then he knew that he must have been walking along one of the spits of sand round which the flowing tide curved, and that if ho retraced his steps it might be to find the other end covered beside losing time. The darkness confused him, and he stopped hesitating for a few moments ; then feelinc that, whether the -water deepened or receded, he must press on, he drew a deep breath and moved forward the tide soon rising to his waist, and a wave nearly taking him off his feet. Was it to be his fate to be drowned now at such a critical time, he asked himself, there in sight that might be 'shining from the room which the woman ho sought to save from suffering now occupied ? (To be Continued). 