Current News. In accordance with the resolution of the Brisbane Postal Conference of March, 1893, it has been decided that an annual registration fee of 10s. be charged for each cable code address registered in Queensland on and after Ist July, 1893. The Governor has learned by telegram that Mr. Denifi O'Donovan, Parliamentary Libra rian, has been awarded the distinction of Com panion of the Order of St. Michael and St. George on the occasion of the birthday of her Majesty. This information has been confirmed by cable message in another column. It is stated on good authority that it has been definitely decided to abandon the appeal to the Full Court in connection with the Robb arbitra tion proceedings, and the award which has been deposited with Mr. R. J. Leeper will pro bably be lifted this week. The amount ia not definitely known, but we believe it will be found to be about £20,000. Messrs. Millikin and Co, George-street, Bris bane, publish in our advertising columns their price list of groceries and stores. To their largo grocery trade Messrs. Millikin and Co. have added the produco business, and, as they purchase direct from the farmers, customers will reoeive the benefit, there thus being only ono profit on the goods. Messrs. Millikin and announce that they continue to take all bank notes in payment for their goods. A correspondent telegraphs from Geraldton as follows:—Mr. C. Nolan, a member of the Works Committee, and Mr. A. O. Jones, olerk of works, of the Johnstons Divisional Board, have retained from inspecting Tippett's track to the Towalla goldfield. Their report is most favourable, as they found the country well suited for wheel traffic. When the board meets no doubt a sum of money will be voted for clearing. A distance of six miles will connect the Geraldton- Herberton-road with Towalla, making in all a distance of say twonty-six" miles. The Government havo granted £100 for opening the track. The sorutiny of the votes in connection with the election of two directors for the Australian Mutual Provident Society resulted as follows: —Mr. J. T. Walker, 38,107 votes; Mr. R. J. King, 27,48(3 votes; Mr. Josiah Mullens, 22,437 votes; Dr. A. K. Moraon, 16,019 votes; Mr. John Bridge, 10,825 votes. At the adjourned forty- fourth annual mooting of members, Sir Joseph Abbott in the chair, the business was of a formal character, consisting of the declaration of the result of the recent voting. Messrs. J. T. •Walker and R. J. King were declared duly elected to seats on the board, and Mr. Edwin P. Trumau as auditor to the society. Immediately after tho close of the ad journed annual meeting a special meeting of tho board was held, at which Sir J. P. Abbott was re-elected to the position of chairman, and Mr. James R. Hill was elocted to that of deputy chairman for the current year. The May number of the •• Review of Reviews' for Australia has just reached us. Its special features from an Antipodean point of view are the illustrated character sketch of the late Premier of New Zealand, written by Sir Robert Stout; and the ninth number of " Great Australasian Dailies" which deals with the New Zealand Herald. In the review proper the character sketch is the story of the life and adventures of William Parker Snow, sailor, explorer, and author. Amongst "Leading Articles from the Reviews," the unseen world is again in evi- dence, in "Photographing Ghosts," and "What Happens after Death," the latter being extracts from five different magazines. Mr. Stead's latest development is also represented in "A record of experiments in telepathic auto- matic writing," which occupies seven pages, and is, to say the least of it, a most remarkable record. " The Book of the Month" is Eugen Richter's "How a Sooialist Millennium Would Work," which is described as a German anti- dote to Bellamy's "Looking Backward." Some thing of the kind is needed in Australia just now, and perhaps this may not be altogether too late. A magisterial inquiry was held at the court- house at 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning, before Messrs. Thos. King and W. Bleakley, JJ.P. (says our Woodford correspondent), concerning the sudden death of a traveller, which had taken place some time on Saturday night at the resi- dence of Mr. W. Pointon, situate at what is known as the Big Hill. Senior- constable Small deposed that on Sunday morning at 9.30 he found the dead body on Pointon's veranda lying on its back with the feet hanging over the veranda and touching the ground. He searched the body, but could find no marks of any violence. He found the sum of £6 8s. 10½d. upon the body, besides two letters addressed to Patrick Gannon, Jimna, from John F. Buckland, Brisbane. Mounted- constable Reeves gave corroborative evidence. Kieran Cash deposed that he was in the employ of Mr. Pointon, and went to bed at about 8.30 on Saturday night, rising in the morning between 6 and 7 o'olock. On going round, to the front of the house he noticed a man lying on the veranda, and upon examina- tion he found the man to be dead. He then called Mr. Pointon, who immediately sent him to Mr. Tracey's place, about one mile distant. Mr. Tracey sent his son James to acquaint the police. Adolph Frederick Kropp, horse driver, residing close to Mr. Pointon's, deposed that on Saturday evening, between 7 and 8 o'clock, the deceased called at his house and inquired the distance to the next hotel. He told him about one mile, and never saw him afterwords until dead on Pointon's veranda. William Pointon gave evidence corroborative of that of Cash. From other information it appears that the unfortunate man, who was a stranger in this locality, was travelling to Caboolture from the Jimna diggings, where he had been engaged in mining. He had made a long stage the last day he was seen alive, and was travelling on foot. It is thought that on reaching Pointon's place late on Saturday night he must have felt tired, and sat down on the veranda, which is near the road, when he suddenly expired. The following deaths occurred in the Bene- volent Asylum, Dunwich, during the week ended 3rd instant:—William Gardiner, 89 years, native of Hertfordshire, England; and Christian Heyer, 82 years, native of Gera, Germany. Tide Surveyor Wassell, of the Customs De- partment, made the usual examination of the steamer Menmuir, which arrived in Moreton Bay from Hongkong on Saturday last, and as a result seized 7000 cigars, which were found concealed in various parts of the vessel. At a largely attended meeting of shareholders and depositors in the Australian Joint Stook Bank, held in Brisbane on Monday, the recon- struction scheme, as finally amended, was carried unanimously. Elsewhere will be found the scheme of arrangement drawn up by the direotors of the Queensland National Bank. Messrs. W. Howard Smith and Sons' steamer Peregrine has added another fast trip to her many previous achievements. She accom plished the distance between Cape Moreton and Sydney Heads in 30 hours 45min. The mail train from Brisbane to Sydney takes 28 hours 40min. to do the journey, and it will therefore be seen that the Peregrine's was a remarkably fast passage. The secretary of the Board of Health (Dr. O'Doherty) received the following telegram on Saturday from Mr. Forbes, secretary of the Board of Health, Perth (Western Australia): — "All cases of smallpox in quarantine three miles away from Perth convalescent, and will be dis charged to-morrow, excepting one, who will be detained an til Monday next. The last case when reported was convalescent, and isolated twelve days ago. There is no fresh case re ported from any part of the colony, which may be declared out of quarantine on Tuesday, 6th instant." Mr. 11. Gailey, Courier Building, has just imported from Berlin a " mechanical solar system," showing the positions and motions of the planets comprised in the solar system. This interesting contrivance, which is put in motion by clock work, is similar to those used in the schools and colleges of Germany, and strikingly illustrates the superiority of the mode of education adopted in that country as com pared with that of Great Britain and the colo nies. It will be kept at Mr. Gailey's office for a month, and may during that time be in speoted by persons connected with schools or others interested. The descriptive text, which is in German, Mr. Gailoy is now having trans lated into English. The Daily News of 27th April says:—We have received from the Bishop of Brisbane a letter in which, after referring to the terrible floods in Queensland, he appeals for help to his Church. He says: " This monster flood has unexpectedly precipitated an acute crisis, and I have no choice, unless the back of our Church work is to be utterly broken in our more severely suffering districts, and the progress of years completely reversed, but to make a strong, urgent, and earnest appeal to our friends at home to come at once to the rescue. We need at once a Central Sustentation. Fund (capital) of at lea3t £50,000. ... I cannot leave the holm of my diocese at this time of trouble to come home and advocate the cause in person, and I sincerely hope that the response to this appeal will render unnecessary on ray part any journey home later in the year. The fund would be vested in the corporation of the Synod of the diooese, subject to a carefully drawn trust. Let me add that H. H. Gibbs, Esq. (Bank of England), and William Latham, Esq., Q.C., 11 New-square, Lincoln's Inn, W.C., have kindly consented to act a3 oar treasurers in England." Two prospectors have discovered a gold bearing reef on one of the heads of Ithaca Creek, about a mile from Mount Coot-tha in the direction of the Enoggera water works. The find is in the Mount Coot-tha reserve, on one of the higher ridges. The reef consists of a lode of decomposed pyrites, in parts of which there ia gold, but the question whether or not it will ultimately prove payable is as yet undecided. There have been small assays made, but these have varied considerably in results. One of them, it is said, yielded almost at the rate of an ounce to the ton. The surrounding ground is the ordi nary slate of the district considerably altered so as to have a granatoide character. It is not materially different from the general characteristics of the higher portions of Taylor's Range, of which Mount Coot-tha forms portion. The nature of the stone in which the gold is found is chiefly a rotten red rock, con taining a very large proportion of oxide of iron, and appears to have resulted from the decomposition of an auriferous pyrites vein. There is as yet no grounds for supposing that anything of a sensational or even payable find has been discovered. Probate has been granted in the will of John Maher, Mount Morgan, sergeant of police, to Maria Maher, Mount Morgan, personalty £810; Patrick Scanlan, Eromanga, near Thar gomindah, hotel-keeper, to James Scanlan, of Springtiold station, near Thargomindah, grazier, personalty £801; Robert Smith, Spring-street, South Brisbane, otherwise Robert M'Luckio Smith, engineer, to James Smith, Cambridge-street, South Brisbane, fireman, and John Smith, Calton-strcet, South Brisbane, blacksmith, realty and personalty after payment of debts £1010; Thomas William Luke Taylor, Gyrapie, butcher, to Richard Trout, Brisbane, butcher, personalty £057; William Graham, Albion, near Brisbane, Esq., to Boyd Daulop Morehead, Brisbane, realty and personalty after payment of debts £27,119 10s. 4d.; Robert Scott, Bellevne, near Geelong, Victoria, gentleman, to Robert Lomax Scott, Belalie station, near Bourke, New South Wales, grazier, realty and per- Eonalty after payment of debts £3000; James Harris, Gympie, to James Bennet, Gympie, rate collector, personalty £48 ss. Bd., realty £1G17; George Wallace, Brisbane, journalist, to Frederick Webb, Brisbane, grocer, and Thomas Glassey, of the same place, miner, personalty £48 sa. Bd., realty £570 17s. 7d.; George Horsburgb, Maryborough, iron monger, to James Robertson, Maryborough, colliery proprietor, and George Horsburgh, Maryborough, ironmonger, personalty £3059 lla. 10d, Petitions have been filed for the liquidation of the following eßtateß: —Aloxondor Froderiok John Draper, Cairns, aaotioneer, liabilities £6479 Bs. Bd.; Hemming Otto Nielsen, store keeper, of Charleville, liabilities £2438 183. Cd. Mr. Warden Chester, of Cooktown, wired under date the Gth instant to the Under Seare tary for Mines that there is nothing to war rant a rush at Pine Creek, whore alluvial gold was reported to have been found. Tho police are patrolling the neighbourhood to prevent any conflict between the Chinese and tho European miners. Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co. advise having booked the following passengers per R.M.S. Austral, whioh left Sydney on the Gth instant for London, via usual ports, namely :— Mrs. R. F. Breewood, Misses Murdoch and Irene Eondle, Mossrs. W. Robinson, W. Lewesley, P. M'Phail, Thos. Sherreff, J. G. Murdoch, T. Breewood, P. Philpott, David Dunn, and R. L. Stewart. A great blaze was notioeablo in the southern sky shortly after 6 p.m. on Sunday; but it was not until the arrival of tho Southport train that anything could be learned as to the exact position of the fire. It then transpired that Mr. B. H. Babbidge's large wooden house near the Salisbury Station on the South Coast line had been completely destroyed by fire. As the train passed the station no one could be seen near the house except two children, who were sitting on a fence, and it was supposed that tho owners of the house were away from home at the time. Bub-inspector Savage wired to the Com missioner of Police from Thursday Island on the 6th instant, stating that the outter Leonora had been found abandoned and looted south of Vrilye Point. The circumstances, as far as are at present asoertainable, point to the fact that a horrible murder has been committed. The docks of the outter were blood- stained, denoting that a fight had taken place. The Leonora left Thursday Island on the 27th May to recruit on the Batavia River. There were on board at this time two Manillamen known as Kintore and Pastural and two blackfellows. Mr. Savage has wired to the Hon. John Douglas, who i 8 at Cooktown, giving him particulars of the affair, and asking for the use of the pilot cutter Eileen in investi gating the matter. Our Ipswich correspondent states that the total cost of recovering tho bodies of the un fortunate miners entombed at Tivoli has been £840 14s. 9d. Towards this Mr. Wright ha 3 received the Government grant of £250 and a donation kindly sent from Marburg of £1 10s., leaving a net co3t to himself of £589 4s. 9d. In addition to this, Messrs. Stafford Bros., Mr. Lewis Thomas, and Mr. J. Gulland have sup plied and supported men to lead and help in the long and arduous search to an extent that represents a larger sum of money than the Government grant. The kindly generosity of these coal proprietors will be long and grate fully remembered. Besides tho cost to Mr. Wright of £589 4a. 9d., his business has been disorganised and his indirect losses have been very considerable. There are many persons in town who regard the expenses of recovoring the seven bodies as falling, in part at least, as a legitimate claim on the Flood Relief Fund, a3 the wholo disaster was caused by the floods, and deep sympathy for the lost miners and their friends stimulated public liberality both in the colonio3 and elsewhere. L. Summerlin and Co. have just settled down in their new premises at the corner of Ann and George streets, and though the building is not a pretentious one it is admirably suited to the business. At the rear of the shop and entered by glass doors is a neatly arranged plaut house of iron and glass, about 33ft. in length, and divided into two. The first section, which is floored with tiles and wholly eovared in with glass, is used a3 a showroom for the orna mental foliage plants and hanging baskets, which, being in fall view from the shop, are certain to force tbeir beauties upon the atten tion of visitors. Ferns in great variety, lyco pods, begonias, and other pot plants luxuriate in the warmth and light of this apartment. Beyond this is tho cooler house, only half covered with glass, in whioh hardier plants intended for immediate transference to garden borders are kept. The principal feature of this at present is a fine collection of rose trees, all worked and well established in large pots. A great number of primulas are also found here awaiting distribution. Summerlin and Co. have just issued a neat catalogue of tree 9 and shrubs, embracing the more popular foliage and flowering shrubs, besides a great variety of herbaceous flowering plants, fruit trees, and ferns. A court .for hearing appeals against the valuations made by the Ting.ilpa Divisional Board for rating purposes was held in the Board Hall, Mount Cotton, on Monday, before Mr. T. P. Pugh, P.M. The following reductions were made after evidence had been given:— James Bavon, 52.J acres, Victoria Point, from £25 per acre to £20; W. K. CroJ3, 4 lota, Thomas Cross 4 lots, and M. A. Cross 6 con tiguous lots, Torquay Estate, £43 to £30 in each case; John Cameron, 1 acre 3 roods, Red land Bay Estate, £175 to £70; W. F.Cameron, 1 acre, same estate, £90 to £ 10; H. A. Ray mont, 4 lots, same estate, £84 to £G0; H. Willoughby, 4 aores 1 rood 4 perches, same estate, £120 to £80; R. Nicholson, 1 acre 2 roods 20 perches, same estate, £180 per aore to £120 per acre; Thomas Martin, 3 roods 8 perches, same estate, £60 to £40; Thomas Martin, 7 acres 1 rood 12 perches, same estate, £396 to £40 per acre; E. W. Walker, 2 roods, same estate, £120 to £80; E. W. Walker, 4 acres 0 roods 20 perohes, same estate, £iVI to £231; N. Lawson, 1 rood, same- estate, £48 to £40; J. M. Bengston, 80 aores, Loganlea, £3 per acre to £2 10a.; J. G. Wagner, 621 acres, west side of Mount Cotton, 80s. per aore to 255\. In eight cosos, after hearing evidence, the board's valuations, aggregating £3911, were sustained. Notices of appeal in sixteen other cases, totalling about £1500, had been sent in, but there being no appearance of the appellants the valuations were confirmed. Mr. W. F. Cameron appeared for all the appellants in the Ridland Bay Estate- 1 he Undor Secretary to the Post and Tele.* graph Department has received a tolegram, dated lat instant, reporting the following rainfalls :—Wahjra, 2iu.; Oaraudotta, 2in.; Roxburgh, l£in. Weather still threatening. The Commissioner of Polioo on Tuesday re ceived a wire to tho cffeot that at 3 o'olock that morning Ryau'd Hotel at Crow's Neat was burned to the ground. Nothing was saved. There was no perßon on the premises. at the time, and the cause of tho fire was not known. The Union Mortgage and Agency Company of Australia, Limited, have received wires ad vising rainfalls at the undermentioned sta tions :—Yandarlo grazing farms, Nive River, 6in., and all the oreoks and river are running bankers; Burenda station, Augathella, upwards of 4in.; Mitchell Downs, Mitchell, 2£in. The council of the Queensland National Association met on Wednesday. An Exeoutive Committee and an Exhibition Committee were formed, and also a special committee to deal primarily with nearly 200 applications which had been received lor the position of secretary. The debit balanoe of the association was stated to amount to £4720. Messrs. R. Harper and Co. have just addod to their already large stock of new goods a self raising flour and a class of vestas which are quite equal to those imported. The flour is ncrutly done up in 21b. packets and 71b. bags, and can be utilised for making soones, light bread, pastry, and puddings. The use of the Empire saK-raisiug flour insures the production of the very best quality of article. Full directions for use are given. The matches strike well, and sinoo the cost to the consumer is not greater than that of the imported vesta they should command a ready sale on tho looal market. A meeting of the depositors and creditors ol the Brisbane Permaucnt Building and Bank ing Company, Limited, was held in the Cen tennial Hall on the 2nd instant. There were about 150 persons present, including several ladies. The platform was occupied by the directors, the Hon. J. It. Dickson (chairman), Messrs. O. Prentice, T. Martin, A. Reid, and W. Gray, and tho manager (Mr. B. R. Bale), Tho chairman explained the scheme of recon struction as published in ouv columns on a recent date, and concluded by moving ita adoption. The motion on being .put was carried by an overwhelming majority. An application came up on Monday, before the Chief Justice, for the winding up of tho Town and Suburban Provident Building and Investment Society, Limited, Mary borough. Mr. Shand (instructed by Messrs. Powers and Robinson) moved for an adjourn ment of the hearing of the petition on behalf of the sooiety, and Mr. W. F. Wilson (instructed by Mr. G. V. Hellioav), who appeared foe the petitioning creditor, agreeing, his Honour adjourned the hearing of the application till Friday. An application for the calling of a formal meeting of creditors to consider a proposed scheme of reconstruction was also, on Mr. Shaud's application, adjourned till the same dato . What should under judiciou3 management develop into a large and productive industry has been successfully launched by the Aom6 Preserving Company, Roma-street. For some time now their tomato sauce has been on the markot, and by its large sale has demonstrated in no uncertain manner tho quality of the manufacture. The sauce is an excellent one, preserving the natural flavour of the fruit, and at the same time avoiding undue pungency. Many looal testimonies have been received by the management, among them being one from Government House. The management recently imported a quantity of seeds of the AcmA tomato from America, and have distributed them amongst the farmers, so that there will shortly be a good supply of this favourite Amerioan tomato for preserving. , The usual monthly meoting of the Presbytery of Brisbane was held in Ann-street Church on Tuesday. The finding of the General Assembly in the Sherwood case was read by the clerk to the effect that the appeal by Mr. Pollock against the execution of the Presbytery's finding in the case was dis missed, and that a certain olat'ise ia said finding was ordered to be deleted. After sonic discussion it was agreed that a copy of the finding, as amended, be transmitted to tho Sherwood session. A reference relative to the Rev. James Stewart resulted in the Assembly recommending him to the Ilomo Mission Committee for employment. A petition from several persons in Bulimba, requesting the Presbytery to put the church there among the list of charges, was ordered to be returned as being informal. A unanimous oall from Charters Towers congregation iv favour of the Rev. S. G. Crawford, Euoggora-terraco Church, was laid before tho court. It was resolved to receive the call, and to take the unual step 3 in connection therewith. About half- past 5 on Friday afternoon (says the Bundaberg Mail) a boy named Robert Gib son, aged 7, fell into tha river at East Bundaberg, a little below the school. Along with several companions Gibson was fishing from the bank at the time of the accident, but the alarm was immediately raised, and a youth named Charles Hairs, 14 years of age, rushed to the spot, un- dressing himself as he ran. Richard Thomp- son, Mr. Buss's groom, followed, but by the time he got there Hairs was in the water searching for the boy. With praiseworthy pluck he dived into the water five times, but without success. Seeing that the noble youth was showing signs of exhaustion Thomp- son took him from the water, but as soon as he had regained his breath he said " I can't stop," and dived for the sixth time, rising to the surface with the boy in his arms. Hairs was much exhausted, but assiduously assisted Thompson in restoring consciousness in Gibson, whioh was not effected until an hour later. Fortunately Thompson has had considerable experience in such cases, and knew exactly the treatment necessary, so that when Dr. Sugden—who had been urgently called—arrived, satisfactory symptoms of re covery were apparent. We are pleased to learn that the necessary steps will be taken to secure him the Royal Humane Society's medal, which is the highest recognition that can be afforded him. 