BURRA TOWN COUNCIL. MONDAY, July 17. Present— All. Minutes of last meeting read and confirmed. The Mayor reported lbar there was a \al of distress in the (own, and proposed that the Council lorm themselves into a committee to see what can be done in the matter. Cr. Linkson : Are the distressing cases re ferred to large families? The Mayor : Some are families and some are not. Cr. Harris : I think we had better proceed with the business of the Council. Cr. Walsh : This is not an opportune time to discuss the matter ; leave it until after the Council business and I will be pleased to alle viate the distress in evere possible way. Various correspondence received and dea.t with. A letter was received from T. P. Halls, who wanted lo know way a cab stand was no! erected near the railway station. Cr. Hardy : I will move that his letter be received, and if he calls again the Town Clerk can inform him that a stand is already made at the station. The Town Clerk : When was it declared? Cr. Hardy : In Mr. Wilkinson's lime. The Town Clerk : The Mayor can only erect a stand temporarily, but it must he gazetted, and the one mentioned by Councillor Hardy bas not been duly declared. The Mayor : Do you recollect, Mr. Inspec tor? Tbe Inspector : I remember it being spoken of, but I don't think it was carried out success fully. Cr. Parks : Halls is no cab driver now, so what's the use of him talking ? Cr. Walsh : That does not matter in the least ; he is a ratepayer and has a perfect right to send his complaint to the Council, cab driver or no cab driver he should receive fair play. Cr. Linkson : Certainly ; Mr. Halls has a perfect right lo ask for a cab stand. Tbe Mayor : Oh, I'll see to it, gentlemen. The following report was received from the auditors (Messrs. J. D. Cave and T. T. Short ridge) :-' We have audited the several accounts of the Burra Town Council and certified the same as correct, the several balances corres ponding with the banking accounts, only one of (he slaughtering licenses which should have been paid in advance has been collected. We have much pleasure in slating that tbe accounts generally are well kept and reflect credit on the Town Clerk.' Robert Vomard applied for a cab license ; to be left in the hands of the licensing officer. The Town Clerk : I would draw the Council's attention to the fact that all gun licenses should have been renewed in July I. Cr. Walsh (chairman of Finance Committee) read pay-sheet and abstract of accounts, which was received, and stated that the books and accounts for the half-year had been audited and certified correct. The Town Clerk had got out all arrears of rates, which showed that a very large amount were yet to be collected ; the water rates were heavy and should be paid at once. The position of accounts on June 30 was : — Total of town rates, owing £109 4s 8d ; water rates, j^6l 3s id ; general rate (credit), J&40 19s nd ; Board of Health (credit), £24 3s 7d ; Park Lands, (debit), £126 3s 3d ; cemetery (debit), j£io 2s 9d ; (credit), £198 is iod. Cr. Parks : Seeing that the amount owing on general rate is ;f I09 and the water rates £61 I think some steps should be at once taken for the recovery of sa-ne. I know it his been rather a hard time with some of the ratepayers on account of the National Bank suspension, but now things were settling down it was time [lie ratepayers paid the amount owing if ever they intend to do so. Cr. Linkson : I agree with the other mem bers of the Council that the rates should be collected at once. They are indeed very heavy at present. I would not like lo see every person pushed for rates, but I certainly believe \ large number Jn the list prepared by the Town Clerk can easily pay and will have no difficulty in doing so. We must be careful in ibis mailer. There are a number of honest ratepayers en thai list that would willingly pay if they had the means, and I hope tbe Council ivill not press the needy. The Town Clerk : There are a few on the list who asked me to allow their rates to stand aver for a vctk or two ; I know they arc honest, and will pay if lime is allowed them, and I consented i-- Ao so. Cr. Walsh : All those who can pay should pay, and no duubt but (hat they will. Cr. Harris : I would suggest that an adver tisement be inser:cd in the local paper request ing the payment of all outstanding rales. Cr. Parks : I think '.lie Town Clerk should send a final nutire to the ratepayers. The Town Clerk : I have sent oat a large number of ' final' notices aheady, and it will lie absurd for me to send out two or three more; it would appear ridiculous. Cr. Walsh : I think if (he matter is left with ihe Finance Committee they will attend to it. Cr. Hardy ; One ratepayer in West .Ward told me (hat he could not pay his rates, but was willing to do something to work them off. Cr. Walsh : You are not one of the Finance Committee ; we are not reconstructing. The Town Clerk : If that is done all the rate payers would claim the same priveiege. Cr. Linkson : If any ratepayer has a com plaint to make he should come to the Council and make it. The Town Clerk : The Council must be very careiul in spending the money or they'll run on the rocks before the end of the year. The Mayor : There are a lot of good names nn that list, but owing lo the bank failure and other difficulties at present money is scarce, but I am sure things generally are improving, and we shall be able 10 collect the rates. Cr. Hardy (chairman Public Works Com mittee) read report of works completed and in hand ; received. Cr. Linkson mentioned several odd jobs Ihat required attention in North Ward, and it was decided that they should be attended to. Cr. Harris : How about the financial posi tion of the Council ; I think the expenses will be a long way behind at the end of the year. The Mayor : We ire in a fair position, Cr. Linkson intimated to ihe Council that Mr. Killicoat had made a complaint to him about Ihe bad state of the roadway near his house ; to be attended to. Cr. Parks (chairman of ihe Waterworks Committee) read engineer's report, and stated thai all the works were in a satisfactory con dition, but the old boiler was unsafe for work ing. Cr. Walsh : I think something should be done to the boiler ; it is not safe for the en gineer to work ; he had a somewhat lucky escape last week nheii a plug shut out from behind the boiler ; if it bad been in front seri ous consequences would have followed. Mr. C. Grow applied 10 have the water laid on (o his premises ; to be attended to. Cr. Linkson called ihe attention of the Council to several trees that had been nearly blown down in East Ward and other places ; to be attended m Cr. Parks and the Town Clerk also mentioned several damaged trees. Cr. Hardy said Mr. J. Ford had complained to him about the tree in front of his shop ; he (Ford) had given los towards the planting of the tree.-:, and wculd now give 105 to have them taken away. Cr. Linkscn : I hsvc a complaint lo make to :he Coum.il to-night, and it is about the tree guards that were stacked in ihe Oral some lew months ago. I opposed them being put there, and I mentioned at the time that they would be destroyed, and my remarks on that occasion have come true. Go up to the Oval now and you'll see the ratepayers property thrown all over the place; I think it is a shame, and a great pity that ever they were sent there. I am sure we will not net half of them back in good order ; when Cr. Hardy had them put there I opposed'it. The Mayor : Don't reflect. Cr. Walsh : Whose fault is it? Cr. Linkson : I don't want to reflect, you know, but if the guards are allowed to remain there they will receive further damage. Cr. Parks : Are the pieces left (here ? Cr. Linkson ; Yes, of course, they are, but what is (he use of them. The ratepayeis' money to ihe extent of £40 or .£50 has been spent in making them, and I c-muot see (he force of fhc ratepayers paying the amount over twice ; the best thing that can be done is In take the guards away altogether. Cr. Paiks : We have no store-room. Cr. Linkson : No store ronm I Why it would be ten times better lo pay storage for them so that they would be preserved than pay no storage and have them destroyed ; I don't know who are the guilty parties, but the guards won't hold 'two' — (Laugh'.er). Cr. Hardy : The first men to remove the guards were the Sports' Committee. Cr. Linkson : I can say (hat (he bicycle dui-, of which I was secretary, did not damage one of (he guards. It was decided to restack the guards in the Oval. Cr. Parks : Tbe Cemetery is, indeed, in a bad state, and it should at once be put in belter order. Cr. Harris : Isn't the curator there ? Cr. Parks : Yes, but he does not make any headway. The Town Clerk : Why, the curator is sel dom there. Cr. Walsh : I believe the Cemetery is in a bad state, but I don't blame anyone for its condition, but certainly something ought to be done to it. Cr. Linkson : Haven't we a Cemetery Com mittee ? I (bink we have, and it is their place to see that it is kept in proper order ; we all know the curator is not 10 blame for he is one day in the Cemetery and two days out ; let the Council visit the place and see what is to be done. Cr. Parks : We are not supposed to point out his work to him. It was decided to allow the curator to re main in the Cemetery until next meeting. Cr. Walsh slated that the Town Clerk had prepared an estimate for the ensuing half-year by which it would be seen that there was not much money to spare. Cr. Ifardy : I think the expenses could he cut down about £10 or £20 by keeping the curator in the Cemetery, and now that voting by proxy is tbe ' game,' tbe four guineas would not be required. The Town Clerk : I prepared that estimate to show the Council the position of the finances. Cr. Hardy : I hope all tbe councillors in the different wards will be returned unopposed next election. — (Laughter). Cr. West : You may depend there will be opposition. — (Laughter). Cr. Hardy : Oh, well, for my part I won't run after the ratepayere to return me ; ' my troubles.' Cr. Walsh moved ' That in tbe opinion of this Council it is desirable that there should be annual movable meetings of the Municipal Association, and that the Town Clerk com municate with tbe various country Corpora tions, who are members of the Association, soliciting their co-operation in the matter.' The Mayor : I think if you give notice of motion for the next meeting, it will give us time to consider it. Cr. Walsh : I don't think it requires much consideration ; we want the ratepayers in the town to take an interest in their own aflairs, and by getting the association to bold movable meetings it would infuse greater interest in (hem. I don't believe in centralization such as we have had for some time past. I don't think it is right for the country Corporations to bear the whole of the expense in sending delegates to town ; country Corporations should receive as much consideration as tbe city ; there are a large number of ratepayers in the town who does not really know what the ' association meetings' mean, but they know they have to pay for them ; I think it would he a good tiling if we can get that motion carried, and by gutting the support of all country Corporations it will materially aid us ; I don't want to force the affair on Ihe Council, but I simply bring it for ward in Ihe interest of the ratepayers, and I am sure if it were carried it would be a step in the right direction. Cr. Hardy : I'll move that the debate be adjourned until next meeting. Cr. Harris : I cannot see any necessity for postponing the debate. I think it is the right and proper thing ; it is not right that we shouid be put to the expense of sending a delegate to the city ; I will support the motion. Cr. West : I consider the step taken by Cr. Walsh is a very good one, and I am pleased lo know that he has brought it forward, and I will do all I can to support the motion. Cr. Linkson : This matter introduced to night is one of those that do not require much consideration, as the facts of the case present themselves very plainly ; it is unfair for the sake of three or four corporations around the city that country delegates should have to at tend at the ratepayers expense ; the sooner the centralization system is broken up the better it will be for all concerned. Cr. Hardy : I don't think the motion will stand a ghost of a show unless we get the aid ol other corporations. Cr. Walsh : Why, that is my motion, and if you read it you will see. Cr. Hardy: I'll support the motion. Cr. Parks : Vou will. Cr. Hardy : Yes. The Mayor ; I can hardly see through this — Cr. Hardy : Allow me to — The Mayor : Allow me to speak first. I think (here will be a difficulty about this. Cr. Walsh : If this motion meets with suc cess another will be drafted in a proper form. It is as plain as ABC. The motion was carried. 