The Brisba-ne Flood Relief j Fund. THE DRAMATIC-CLUB'S ENTER TAIN. VI K ST. Tiir School of Arts was literally crammed last evening, wiien the. 1 ical Dramatic Club gave their 'iitert lin ment in aid of the Brisbane Floods Re lief Fund ; many not .Loins; .ible to ob tnin sontini; accommodation. Ami we believe the audiiMicc, did not, by n good deal, rofirusnt tlin total t-.lcinj;«. many who puichased tickets not bfiiii!i presiMi*. So that, thanks to the etforti of the membeis of the Dramatic Ouib, who have given up much of their time to carry the aliair t iioilgh, iho local fund will brt cjiisideinbly uddedtoasn result of the eiiiertaiiiment. Of the. perform ance, itself h is only doingjiistico to tlm members nf the c'ub to s iy, t.i!«..-n ri^lir, through, it wasfir-it-jlas-. Tlvonly fault was perhaps to be found in the lirst (or min-itro!) pu't, vy null was spnu out too much, .coiisfiqueiify tin! entertainment, which comnii/iicrd at'8 o'clock, was not dr.iwn to. a conclusion' till nearly 11. ? The programme, opened ' \vi:h tin overture- by Mmsrs. Fre.l. Myers (piano), Frank Myers (violin).' and It. Aurisch (violin), which was. favorably l-eceiv-tdi Then ro-se tin; cur. lain, aiiil wfe Deheld tivi-nty negme-i seated on the sta^e, forming a., smni circle. Their arrang^m -n t and .j-et up could not have beon. improved upon. Mr. XV. S. Lloyd, as iiite.rlocutn seated in tlm centre of them, brtliiud a small, ornamental round table, bore a graye aspect ; while Mr. A. B-Tinan, us Bonus, and- Mr. J. B. Daley, us Tarabo, in thfir long-tailed cretomi. coats, and largo white collars, had a unique nppearance, and evokrfd n--- small amount of merriment. Their attitudes, and general impersonation of the negro character, w»re in keeping with their ' very bi-autiful ' turn out. Tainbo, perplexed, invariably got rid ot the interl- c itor by describing hi; conun Irutns as ' to,' H.iuvy, t-io heavy.' while. Bones was ?' very unwell,' ami sometimes thought hw interlocutor a bit '?' mixed ' too. Mr. Francis (a- pro fessiouul), whose services had b'.-n procured, chirped in now and tln-u, a:id helped to m-ikii thing3 lively. Most nf the conundrums were good, espR,:iully sov«rj) local ones, nnd created much laughter. The burden of this pirt of the ontertainmetit full ro the four per formers n-uneil, the rest merely filling up a gap and assisting in the choruses Mr. E. H. Moore, «nng ' E1U Leen ' and ' Wakf , Nicode:nus,' Mr. D.il-j\' '? Coming through the Dye,' Mr. fc North ' Ring de Banjo,' Mr. BerinaV 'Go and tell Maria,' and -Mr. .'.'Lloyd; ' Hush, my baby,' all of .which- wer received with favor. Af:«r a. short ' in!enni'!sioi:, Mr.' Francis appeared in one of his soiitisi and sand .'jigs, fpr which he wa«] recalled, the audioi'ice appenring to lik' it., ytiry mucli; Next cainu n . pien- ; styled' ' MesnieriSm Extraordinary.' A medical man (Mr. Q-rimmnud) -m^ko't; the wonderful -iisnovery of mesmnrisiM, and in a m-ist gravt1 tone of voice, much, resembling Hamlntiu his dialogue with the ghost, tells how h« will make » name for liimself, and advertise* for an assistant in whom he oan conlidc. H.. gets an assistant (Mr. Lloyd), who. himself (but he keeps it secret) already1 knows something about mesinerisui. Dnringtho formnr's abs.-noe, an [run?,, man from Limerick (Mr. Daley) givinsi; his name aa Pat Murphy, s«eks employ ment, and is enj^ag-'d by th«* assistant. These two 'tn.-mselvt's operate upot., patiiiiits as thny conm in — extracting' teeth, an. I curing the dumb (Paddy. did' the latter by mean's of a meat axe), and' mesmerif ing. At last they mesmerised a patient ' dead,' as Pat put it, un.T thu assistance of the professor had to be sought. Pit is anxious to mjUte. himself scarce, but finally res.oiv.-s.; not to desert his confederate. The profes sor e'nter- in a state of alarm, but. has hopes of reviving the me- iinerised, an.l while the whole t;ir.-e are cog tiling. the dead m-in makes a bound and a kick, and prostrates -tin! lot. The by-play, of course, makes up tho amus in){ features of the piece, tho antics and sayings of Murphy, as whom Mr. Daley wns really Hrst-chiss. kouping tho aiulimice in good humor. Mr . Griminond and Mr. Lloyd also took their respective parts very well Tho curtain a^ain falling, ? Mr. Francis appeared in . an Iri-h song and dancf. which delighted the nudienco greatly, and'be'w»s n-cxlleil. The entertainment c in cluded with a farco ' Tlmt Boy Pete,' with the following cast-: — O'llnii.) Porigers, Mr. ? Grinimoud ; Miss Podgers, Mr.'E. H. Mooru ; Pete, Mr. A. Berm-in; Sambo, Mr. H. Hill; Scstterbrnss (in lov^ with Julia) Mr. F. No'tii ; Sally (a housemaid;, Mr. A. B»ker ; Julia (a daugb;er of the colonel), Mr.'E J. Sherwo.id. On' of thobe compositions which luiv» nothing in them but. frolic and absurd iry, but which nlways tuke well, ' That Boy Pete' was an innnunsu success, nnd the houso wan kfint 'inn roar oE laugh'er from beginning to end Tiie principal characters iv-re w-11 sustained by Mr. Barman, Mr. North (who us a gliost, was continually so/viiis; everyono of the household) mid Mr. S'li-rwootl, who was great as Julia. The rest only took minor parts, but niaJo the \vnt of them. The stagu arrangements were in charge of Mr Lloyd, Mr. Uhipmtu was musical conductor, and Mr. F. Mynri, accompanist, all oE whom' are to be congratulated upon tll« succ 'as of th« eiiiertai'iment. During th' iiHHrmiwon, thp Mayor (D-'. Bt-oti), in ii. f--w npproprin to re marks, on bebnlf of t ie local Queens land Relief Fund ooiiimii tue, of which ho, was Troiienn-.r, thanked c!iu nui.u bers of tlio Dr.inuitic Olub for tlm ! assistanetv lln-y had giv.-n iirgritsii'g up such an excellent 'iit.u t liiiniimt on i bulitilf o£ ilu fund, llo beliovBil it had been proposed that half of the pro ceeds of the ent n'taiument should be devoted to rnlievi 15 the distress occa sioned by Hie rticjnt floods on tho Lower Hunter, but it having beort arranged for a specific object it was concluded this could not bn done. With the projo d.s of this entertain ment., and what would bo raised by subscriptions, together with nmnutt s sent direct before tin fund wns starred here, he lntliev.'d nearly .£200 would b:; sent 1.0 Quo 'iisland from ih« Scone District. (Appl.-mie). Mr. A. Moore thought the occasion suitable to le.st th : feeling of the pjoplo about talcing steps to raise funds for the r-liiif- of the sufferers by the floods of the Lower Tinnier. We lived in a prosperous district, ho said, and one in whicli in the ordinal'/ courso of ove.nts, they wure not likely to be visited by such a ca'autity which had., befallen the peoplo of the . Lowe/r Hunter ; and h« ' b.'lieved all v would freely };ive soui- thing, although othei calls had lately: been made on .them. To t-st the fi-eKng of.'tli^se priS'iit he moved iliiit thi! Mayor be as, ceil ro eonvetid a 'public meeting for the purpos.^., nientiu'n- d. The motion was c»ivied without, a dissentient. ?T|u!i Mayor-said he would bw very pleased to call a meeting on any date mist convenient to the townspeople. (Applause,) 