Re&iarkable; Cases of Trance. THE most remarkable case of resuscitation, known is thus recorded in that excellent periodical, "Notes and Queries," by Dr. Falconer, frornau account furnished to liiui % 3n eye-witness, Sir Claude ,M. Wade, C.B., f orm^-ly political agent at the court of Eunjeet Smgli. It describes the resuscita tion of a fakir who liad been buried alive, j as follows:- ' j For some time previous to interment the fakir susjfiitied himself' on rice only, subse quently exchanged for rice water; after haviug been tlius dieted he rolled up a piece of cotton in the form of a small ball, which he swallowed; afterwards he took milk, all«4rbich, it is said, passed in an un changed condition. This appeared t$ be the test of his being in a lit state to' un dergo interment The natural apertures of thfe bi*ly, with the oxceptW Sf the mouth, w&e; stopped with rax The fakir then squatted down, opened his mouth, and with his fingers turned the point of his tongue backwards, and closed the moutl). Almost* immediately after this, he seemed to fall intd a state of collapse. 'He was then placed in a bag, put into a box in the position he had assumed, and let down in a cell and buried. After he had been buiied for six weeks the cell was opened in the presence of Kunjeet Singh and Sir Wade. The fakir wife' removed from the box and the bag opened by Dr. Macgregor, who was also present; no beat ing of the heart could be detected, nor pul sation at the wrists. The general appear ance of the body was corpse-like; the face was swollen, and the head, which reclined on one side, was warm to the touch. Re suscitation was commenced by pouring warm water on the head, and the successive application also to the head of three or four fresh half-baked wheaten cakes. The wax was removed from the nostrils, its removal being followed by a convulsive movement of the whole body; the wax from the other apertures was then removed, next the month was opened with some little force, the jaws being clenched, and the tongue drawn forward; some difficulty, however* was at first experienced in retaining the tongue in its natural position. The eyelids were separated, moved up and down and rubbed ; general friction completed the means of resuscitation. In the course of thirty or forty minutes the fakir recovered, and LJS first remark, made to Eunfeet Singh in the language of his country, was "Tou believe me now?" On being asked whether he retained any consciousness during interment he replied that he had been in a dreamy state. Some three or four months after this occurrence he died, but his death was not attributed to his previous protracted interment. A very curious story is told in the north west of Somersetshire concerning a lady who lies buried in St. Decumau's Church, situated between Williton andSWaMiet' Sir William Wyndhain, who died in Oc tober, 1683, married Prances, the daughter of Anthony Hungerford, of Fail-ley Castle. Several sons and daughters were born to them, and then, much to the grief of her lord, the lady fell ill, and apparently died. She was put into a coffin, carried up to the hill side, and laid in the family vault in St. Decuman's Church, beside another knightly Wyndhain who had died several years previously. The mourners returned to the now desolate home, ate the funeral bakements, drank the consoling cup, and retired to rest. At midnight the sexton, one Will Atte well, might have been seen creeping stealthily along the northern aisle of the church. He had a lantern in one hand and a chisel and file in the other. Pro ceeding to the Wyndham vault he forced open the lid of the coffin, which had been deposited there a few hours before, and the feeble light from the lantern fell on the pallid face of Lady Wyndham. Her thin white hands were crossed over her breast, and on her fingers gleamed the jewelled gifts of her loving husband. At the sight of these the sexton's eyes sparkled with delight, and he began to remove them from the tapering fingers. One by one they slipped off the fingers, but a beautiful diamond ring, the choicest gem the lady wore, refused to leave the hand of its dead mistress. The sexton took up liis file and began to cut through the circle of gold. As he did so the file grated on the flesh and a drop of blood oozed out. How strange that a corpse should bleed! Then the hand was slowly withdrawn from his grasp and the lady sat upright in her coffin. The sexton gave a shriek of terror and fled. Realising what had hap pened Lady Wyndham sprang out of her coffin, took up the lantern which the sexton in his terror had left behind him, and ran to her old home. The family had retired, but the noise eventually aroused a maid servant, who looked out of the window and then ran shrieking through the house, " My lady's ghost is at the door!" Sir William was awakened; went to the window aud looked out. "O, William! William! Open quickly, quickly, fox* I am very cold," plaintively pleaded the upturned face. " In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost," he replied, " I ad jure thee, O poor ghost, wl* troublest thou me ?'Jt "O, William! William!" sobbed the white robed figure, "1 am no ghost, but your own true wife, alive and in the flesh. Open, William, dear, or I perish with thejfcold." > With a great cry the astonished husband ran down stairs, unlocked the door, threw his arms round the breathing form of Lady Frances, and carried her to her room. There he learnt the meaias of tier yevival, and how it had been brought about. Lady Wyndham j so strangely rescued I from a living tomb, recovered health and | strength, and, Jived many years iu the happiest union with her husband. In St. | Decuman's Church the tomb of Sir Win. Wyndhaiu may be seen, with figures upon j it which are pointed out in confirmation of j the story. j Seaders who may be interested in this j subject will find some valuable remarlcs in | Dr. Carpenter's " Human Physiology," i 