[ALI. RIGHTS RESERVED.] [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] OUR NEW SERIES. SHORT STORIES BY WELL-KNOWN AUTHORS. A CRUEL SHAME. By FREDERICK BOYLE, Author of " A GOOD HATER," "TREASURE OF THORBURXS," " HER EVIL GENIUS^' ETC., ETC. ' You misunderstand ! 1 didn't object to the sisterhood, wr to the dress. It becomes Marian> She looked like .1 darling little brown ghost of her grandmother. But it is not a costume which suggests matrimony.' ' My dear Dick ! You have been away five years ; you landed yesterday ; you meet my sister this morning, and you expect to see her in a dress suggesting matrimony I Why, nothing has boon said to her upon the subject, BO far as I know. If she is kwurs that the family hope you will make a match, it can only be through the instinct which warns a girl of such things.' ' AY ell, Marian is warned somehow-I saw it in her manner. If, as you say, the sister hood does not object to marriage in the abstract, she has already decided that I am not good enough.' ' That may be so, I admit. But if you have really fallen in love, justify .yoUVSelf. Take a district ; read to the old Supers; pre sido at '.oa meetings, and Ull that.' ' t couldn't* Slid I won't try-oven for Mftrir.n . A gentleman may do anything in linnet ft) win the girl lie loves, but ho map not play the hypocrite.' ' Well, then, play your natural rote as a distinguished younj* s»ldi«rf, aVid trust to that. Mind you, 1 d«n t believe my sinter is differont from other uood girls-a little better than the average, perhaps, but the same at heart. She admires courage and a gallant bearing as much as any. When the new3 of your Victoria Cross came, your mother frns scarcely more proud.' ' I fear that's another thihg. .Now, Clem, I'm quite convinced it would be no use to pay regular attentions, when I have only three Otoliths' leave. The matter stands thus ; your sister knows tl'.nteveryone wishes us to marry. Shu likts mo-I am tolerably sure of that, because she use to do, ana nothing has occurred to change her feeling. But it's equally certain to me that I have not tho slightest chance of carrying a wife back to India.' ' Did you expect to do so V Olem laughed. ' No, but I ask a fair field, since I cannot hope for favor, and I count on you to smire it for mo without delay- we have not a moment to waste. Speak to Marian frankly to-night, as a brother can. Tell her I'm in love-oh, put that as strongly asyo\i'r6 ftWc ! -that the Gener;;l and everybody approves, ; and, in short, x>h»M-Ve how she takes it. Then I may ba able to form a plan of cam j paten.' 11 foar you're putting too much confidehte in my shrewdness, but I'll do "iy 'opst.' It is necessary to ihtroduce these young people in briefest torm. Dick and his brother, with whom we have little to do, represented the elder branch of tho Mathers family, which had fallen from its proper place, while the younger, represented by General Mathers-, had prospered exceedingly. He v:;s rifiti, and his daughter, Marian^ wo'j'ld inherit her mother's great wealth it) coming of age. All the family inclined to think this a special dispensation, providentially concerted to re store the elder branch to its due tank in the world. The cousins must marry. When Dick grew into a. very handsome youth, as lovable as goon-looking-one whom any girl might fancy and any parent must the scheme of Providence became Visible to all the clan of Mathers. Marian was not essentially a devout girl. But at an early age she began to ask why such wealth had been heaped on her while millions of her fellow creatures lacked bread? Her father, the General, discussed this prob lem patiently, remembering that this same thought had perplexed him when young; but ha could offer no solution. She was not checked therefore, but rather Encouraged, in her Grst effort to sl"^> "herself worthy of the blessings 6ho",e^et\ ou ]ler. When those efforts culminated in a proposal to join the ^sterhood, it was a shock ; but aftet a con ference with the director, which began sternly, and ehded with an invitation to lunchj the General submitted. Tim Sister hood did not set its face against marriage. And Dick was in India. But the work assigned to Marian did not satisfy ber tender conscience^ She f elt that the easiest tasks, the least unpleasant duties, were assigned to her. Heart - breaking wretchedness she daily saw, and dreadful possibilities were suggested hourly ; but the horrible realities, a3 she porceived, were always kept from her view. This irritated the poor girl, though she knew it was not only kind, but prudent. ?They spared her because she was sillily good looking, and soft, and childish, whilst these luxurious characteristics also made part of the dobt which she ought to pay. Love and marriage could not enter her head under such circumstances. Sho under stood the wish of the family, but she never gave it a thought-not even when Dick's visit on leave was announced. They had been the warmest friends as children, but of late her sympathies had turned to Fred, his brother, for he was io trouble but sym pathy, in this case, had no kinship with love. Fred also was in tho service, and bo made tho General's house his home in London, while quartered at Aldershot. But presently disagreements arose, such as are not con fided to a young girl. And presently Fred was forbidden the house. Marian's pitiful heart followed him. Thus the opening scene of my story will be understood. Dick dined with his uncle that night, of course, and excelled himself to please. Marian lived on toast and tea, but she sat through the entertainment, and showed ap preciation of his efforts. Her pretty eyes beamed, and her laugh, gentle but full of fun, was encouraging. Clement followed his sifter when she with drew to her boudoir, which WHS almost as bare as one of those respectable garrets which her Mother Superior allowed lior to visit. ' I think we have every reason to bo proud of Dick,' he began, clumsily enough. 'Any girl might fall in lovo with him. Don't you think sn ?' ' Yes,' Marian answered quietly. 'I should think so.' ' Bless me ' Well, he is prepared to meet you much moio than half-way.' ' Clem ! T did not refer to myself.' ' But you'ro a girl.' ' ' I'm a sister.' ' Dick calls you an angel, but in this house wo havo been used to regard you as a dear lictle human being. Under that impression, however, ho has fallen desperately in love, and wo shrill nil be glad to hear- in due time! in due time!-that you acnept him.' ?' I'm sorry to hear that he is desperate, in one eonse,' Marian replied, laugjiing mid blufihing, 'but in syyo!HE'_' it is fortunate. The nop? fellow will not be disappointed. There, dear, that will do !' 'But think of our wishes, darling. Of course, you are as free as a bird, but allow us to argue. Surely Dick fulfils your ideal of a lover,-in fact, you have admitted as much. He is the head of the family, and you can make him rich enough to sustain the position.' . T wish I could ! I wish I could give him everything I possess, for I'm sure ho would make a good use of it. Too much haqteen granted uie ! Oh3 Glern, lioi.V i>appy I should be to.hatiti oV'er all my fortune to some good, beautiful girl who loved Dick, and 'would make him happy ?' ' That's magnificently generous, said her brother, puzzling. 'But. if you entertain such a high opitvon of Dick, why not take him yourself 1' ' I haven't put it right,' she replied blush ing Grim son. ' I mean that- that,' but the explanation did not come, and in her angry confusion her eyes filled. 1 Thoro, there 1' said Clement soothingly. ' You shall tell me what j'ou meyuit 'dnbtlier time.' ' _ ' I meiUi thai I can't and wont marry Uick.> ' It shall be as you like, dear.' And he kissed her with grave tenderness, reserving a broad grin for the dining-room. ' You're right and you're wrong, Dick,' Clemont exclaimed, rejoining the others. :' She knew wc want her to marry you, but she would rather transfer that happiness, together with all her fortune, to some poor girl who is more worthy of it.' And he told what had passed. The father and brother, who were used to hear Marian's conscientious scruples, under stood at once, and laughed heartily; but Dick required an explanation. When ho grasped the state of things, howevef) it did not seem humorous to him. But, sir, your daughter is obstinate in her pretty soft Wy, isn't she ? Whatever the Jr.'dtivB niay be, her declaration is emphatic -I can't and I won't marry him ! And I have only threo months before me ! From what I recollect of Marian as a child, the prospect seems desperate-unless I quitted the service.' ' Don't speak of uliftt!' exclaimed the General,, st'ernly. ' The man who could fchinte of resigning his commission for the sake of a girl could not dare to ask for a daughter of mine !' . I had no thought of it, sir. Now, taking the circumstnnces as tliey are, what is to be dine? Marian does not even go about. I shall scarcely find an opportunity to see her except at meal times.' ' Follow her into the slums-, as 1 said be fore.' ' That wouW lite riiore degrading than to t|ui£ 'tb'a Service.' They sat silent awhile. baid the General at length : ' The silly child thinks that she ought not to take a husband that would make her happy, in ad dition to so many other luxuries which have been bestowed on her unworthiness. What a pity it is, Dick, that you didn't lose a leg or something when you got the Y.C.' ' I catch the idea, air. Marian" would liaV'e felt it a duty to RUc'ept a 'man so horribly mutilated .(hat ho girl could look at him with out ft shudder!' 1 Jack Carruthers mado a desperately good thing out of the -oss of his arm in winn'ng the Cross, they say. Lady Bell Carew had refused him half a dozen times before that.' 1 Then there ynu are, Dick 1 Have your arm oil' to-ipprrow!' . 1 H'm! We have always to reckon with time. I couldn't lose an arm.be nursed, make love, recover, and be married in three months. Marian has too much senso to be taken in by that trick !' 'But I didn't mean a trick! Do it In reality^ like n tierfH1 r i , ^1 ThwV, 'would "bp actyse for court martial, en, sit $' hq asked the General, laughing. . 'Most, decidedly. A soldier's limbs be long to the Queen. I can only recommend you to live on pills, Dick, and cultivate a secret sorrow, make Marian feel Hint thouch your body is sound, your mind requires tho most c ireful nursing. Well, I'm going to the Senior.' They all left the house. An bout latef Clement was interrupted fti II gattio of pool; at his club by the announcement of Mr. Mathers. ' Come to my quarters,' Said Dieki ill still excitement. 'I htVVe ft notion 1 G'ooti humoteclly Confounding the linrieason of lovfefs, Gloitient followed. ' How does Marian feel towards my BtothfeS Fred?' 1 \Vhftt tlltt t!i;ljee lias that to do with it ? 5ne like him, and she was badly cut up when the governor refused to see him. , Fred yins falling into a ha|>tt of drink; .you.fenowi 'iut their tell .me, fc'o'i phs curcd. Marian wrifcs to V.im, X believe.' ' That's good. He has her_ sympathy to begin with. Now, see this note, which I found waiting for me. . After congratulations on my safe arrival and so forth, Fred hints Rotue frightful misforture, which msiv bring him to town shortly. I guess what it i^ntul I'll send the beggpr, sniiia gash to-iiioH'o\v. Take his teller 'find show it to Marian. She will naturally believe that something awful has happened, or is going to happen, to Fred, and her tender little heart will bo deeply moved.' 'Well, how is that to help you ?' ' I have I bought it all over. You will tell one fib for me ? Say I have gpna tb Irulanll; in great alarm 9 be lit toy brother, whose eyes J\aVe beeli troubling him for some time past. To-morrow, or next day, I call. Do you be gin to see ?' ' Not a bit.' 'I call as Fred-we are sufficiently alike, if I shave and'make up a little. I havo come to town almost blind to take advice, and I must have passed brother Dick, on the road ' 'Oh, this ii carrying roftnnae too far! The governor would never consent. Besides, Fred is forbidden to call.' 'But the General would not insist on that prohibitionunder thesupposed circumstances. Don't you Reo I10W conveniently it all works in 1 Wo must take your father into confi dence, of course-I would not act without his approval. But he might well decline to see Fred hinv-elf. I would call in the hours when he is not. at heme. You alsc) must not meet me. But all this is detail, to bo arranged ih a moment, if the General does not forbid my littJe comedy. Let us go'aud ask him now ?' Clement thought awhile, and laughed and rose. 'You hope to touch Marian with your blindness, to gain her heart as Fred, and then to confess ? Well, if the Governor docs not object I see no harm in it. But, Dick, you'll have a lively quart d' heuro when you avow the swindle !' 'Isee that, and the prospect is uncomfor table. But at the worst I shall only bo as badly off as I am now-that is, hrpclcs3, Come along.' General Mathers was ju=t leaving the Senior, and ho proposed to stroll homeward. -The brilliant moonlight recalled adventures of Indhn warfare, which he narrated at length, and they had almost reached Eaton square before Dick found an opportunity to broach lus scheme. Like many old soldiers hardened on the field. General Mathers was boyishly senti mental. He chuckled, roared, consented with enthusiasm, and discussed details. Not till his hand was on the bell did it occur {?> him that no little fibbing must be done by somebody. But whon Dick solemnly on gaged to undertake it all his equanimity re turned. But Clement could not escape a share. When hia sister read the note next day her pitiful little heart fluttered. ' Oh, I knew something dreadful would happen to us foon ! What, does Fred mean ?' 'Dick fancies his eyes aro bad.' ' Oh, C'eni ! It's worse than fancy -your faco tells me ! Will Dick go to him V ' lie has gone. That's why he sent you the letter.' ' And poor Fred is in those dull barracks, when I should be so glad to have him here and nurse him ! Surely papa will forgive ! him now ! Does lie know ? I will go and entreat him to lot me send an invitation .' This would never do. The General was dis tinctly unprepared to play an active part. ' Let me speak to the Governor, darling. I feel quite sure he would allow you to see Fred if he comes to London, as he proposes. I will arrange that. But don't ask too much at once. Don't speak to tho Governor upon the subject, if you will take my advice.' ' But Clem? I can't seo Fred without per mission.' Now, Dick, thoughtfully reviewing his plot, had remarked the probability that this hitch v/ould arise, and at the same moment the butler brought a note, addressed in a vugiio and laboiious hnnri writing, to Marian. It, whs from 'Fred,1 begging hii interview; iwd it enclosed ahotMer to C'lementsBiibreiiiing hip influence with the General. Marian burst into tears. ' Oh, see ! Ho has arrived, and his poor eyes are so bad ho can hardly write !' ' It's a confounded shame !' cried Clement. ' But I'm in for it, I suppose! Yes, dear! I'll speak to t,he Governor at onco !' lie re turned presently with a message that the General was very sorry to hear of Fred's mis fortune. Marian might receive her cousin. He himself would wait and sec. Meanwhile he did not wish to hear anything whatever on the subject. . , ' Oh, I ijould nob iiave believed papa was so hard-hoarled ! You told me yourself that Fred's offence was a trifle !' ' Old soldiers have fancies sometimes,dear. But he has granted the essential point. Humor him by avoiding all reference to the poor fellow's visit;.' Marian bad har district work to do, but slie held herself excused by this emergency. And in the early afternoon, Mr. Frederick Mathers was announced. She had not seen him for three years, and a certain ehali£o tnight bo e*.nsetcd. fie h.ld gfofcn hlUcll inofo like I)ick, yet strangely different. What struck her painfully was the unnatural color of his cheeks-as well it might ; Mr. Truefitt's clever artificers had done their best, but when a man whose face is burnt by Indian suns shaves off his beard ; the result must needs be extraordinary. Staring at her full, with eyes that have a dreadful vagueness, as Marian thought, he said, 'Is that you, cousin 1' 1 Yes, dear, darling Fred !' she ran swiftly to him, and caught hiEhnml, while her pretty eyes overflowed. 'Is this true then? Oh, what a terrible misfortune ! Let" me lead you, dear !' Dick had to resiat many such temptations afterwards, but not one so keen as this. All liis body flashed with shanie.to lis deceiving such a 8<vt:et; IrlhSii'eht girl. Had Marian iookeA Up ho must have betrayed himself. But her head was bent, and, looking from above, he saw only the crown of her grotesque bonnet, for she had arranged herself con scientiously to go out so soon as the inter view ended. Dick's sense of the humorous was keen, and whenever aftorwards the .in clination to confess became urgent he re called that absUrd sjJc'ctii'clo and triumphed. After all, it was a harmless comedy, in which his happiness depended- and Marian's too, praise Heaven ! She led him to a sofa, holding his hand tenderly. ' You have come to London for advice? That's right. Dick started this morning to see you. Oh, to think that we should meet again like this, Fred V ' But you must not exaggerate, dear ! Our regimental . doctor feels certain there's uStliiiig radically wrong. If I can keep up my nerve, not worry nor talk of this weak ness, it will pass. So let us not mention it more than we can help. The General knows of my call?' ' Oh, yes ; but--' she paused. ' But he does not care to see me ? Wei', dear, though I bitterly regret the cause, I am not sorry altogether. It is painful to be pitied by men. The General allows me to see you sometimes ?' ' How Yery like Dick's your voice has grown ! Of courso you mean to consult the best authorities ? Mr. Powell, our director, was the first oculist in England before he joined the Church. Uufortunately, he is not in town.' ' Yes, that's unfortunate. These ppccialisis are jealous, I believe, and Dr. Molyneuxwill be offended if I consult your director on his return. Now tell me about my brother. Is he a good fellow ?' ' I hope so-indeed, I believe so. But rather worldly. You, Fred, under this dread ful affliction, must turn-1 ' But you don't think badly of Dick V ' Not at all J Hp j? » fine jrountj soil'-Sot-, Ah'd^udjVeg? ifttusittg. , ' Is he ? I must try to bo amusing too. Clutterbuck, our doctor, says I ought to keep up my spirits before anything, and I mean to-but it's hard sometimes;' . 'Poor Fred Oh, poor poor Fred!' She clasped his hand with such loving pity, and her sweet face quivered so, that in self-de fence, to hide his guilty looks, Dick drew her towards him and kissed her, feeling like a thief the while. .. 1 tv'e btifen. tst&ohiag; ofi My -gotta little cousiii to cheer jiie up,' lie said' rather hoarsely. She bad given him no kiss the the day before; ' May I call every after | lioUh V 'Oh-, I ThuatTitit s6e you again without papa's express fcerihissibh.' . ' Then ask it", He BaiiHot refuse it--n'd hUrijaH tieiiijj SoJjld;; 5I will! Howj dear Frfed/tfe woh'fc igier to your illness again ; but just, tell me how it arose, and tho symp^ot^Sf,,. j,.will report to our.director dsi$ Ret his 'otiBiW.;'" Tae man who plays such a gamo as this canuot foresee all the chances. . Dick had posted kimself up in the principles of ophthal mic disease, and had chosen a case re corded which might answer his purpose. Bu'. when Marian produced a notebook, and began jotting down the heads'of his report with the judgment which expetience of nursing givesj. he bHcKme alormikl; 'rl-Vay <h> hot consult Mr. Powell, dear. If his opinion differs from that of Dr. Molyneux 1 should be sadly embarrassed, which could not fail to be injurious. Let us drop this misery and talk of pleasant things. You agree?' ' With all my heart, poor Fred. How bravo you are 1 There is a higher and nobler couwgs thai! that, -which the# reward with tile VieWriA CrbSS.' ' It is another reward which I hope to win. Now tell me all about yourself, and the sister hood, and everything.' So they chattered merrily, but with an undertone of petting and compassion on her side which stirred Dick's conscience pain fully, though it promised success. He vowed once more that if the ffick served liia turn, that flrnt reproach which uilist be expected when the truth cahie out should be the only one Marian addressed to him so long as life I endured. Fred's face haunted her, and his bravo plescant Voice mug in hut out's iK- ttdcfui-itai-d, Us she went hoi; roulltl of duty. Both be cariie familiar. i?or the General, afber A long and-on his side-rather warm argument with Dick, consented to recognise the fraud in some measure. And so soqn as Marian; perching pn his .knee jiitei: ditihet, began to plead, he met her half-way. 1 My dear, it's quite true that your cousin's offences were not disgraceful. But '.hey be longed to the class which begin with youthful folly, and end as yours go on-anywhere. Fred's troublo touches mo deeply, but he will soon get over it.' ' Oh, papa ! Oh, I am so rejoiced ! How do you know ?' ' Eh V These matters are reported to the Horse Guards, of course. As I was saying it does not seem judicious that J should receive Fred until ho has rjuite certainly oittgrown his weakness, But I have no objection to his visiting you-quite the reverse ! Cheer him up, my dear ! Sustain his courage in every way. Don't let him grow down hearted, but stretch a point if necessary.' Marian had not the least idea what this re mark could mean, and she paid no attention. So Dick cilled every day-, at a fixed hour, week after week, from that time. Many little i things happened, naturally, that seemed curious-brief forgetfulness of his state, allusions io India, oblivion of smallincideuts lenow to Fred. But he was quick to note a slip, and shrewd to explain it away with an unconscious air! A girl much more ready to suspect would not have attached importance to such details, through they were odd at the time. They talked with the freedom of cousins, but with a certain tenderness arising from the j shadow of Fred's great danger. Ill a very ! short time he began to mako love-in three I month's leave every hour must be counted. Marian was aware of the change. It did not ' displease her. If the poor dear fellow should really become blind-the l./ved him now, and she would marry him with delight. But how would papa regard itl Clement said he wished her to marry Dick. But Dick had pme off-ho nover returned from Ireland after missing his brother, nor intended to do so, apparently, until ho came to bid good bye. And then she remembered that curious expression of papa's-that ' she. must strain a point, if necefsary' to keep up Fred's spirit. What could that signify, unles to accord him a hope, at least1? Dick had fled in despair ; ^ the family perhaps had transferred its good . wishes to his brother. So the love-making wont on, unchecked, but it was distant and timid, of course. A man threatened with blindness cannot 3eriousIy ongage in court ship. During the whole comedy no real hitch occurred, from the moment of its inception until the crash. It is to bo remembered that i Marian never 'went out,1 Dick might go anywhere and do anything in propria persona, west of Regent-street-, if ho took cnro to avoid Ker path, ao she left home, and returned, tit fiScd hours. Indeed; he could never have formed such a wild plot had Marian led the life of other girh. But though no hitch occurred, there was a constant difficulty. If he got medical works and studied them, so did she ; and, of course, under such circumstances, she insisted on a daily consultation. Dick made acquaintance with EOtne eminent ophthalmists, gathered hints from them, and used their names reck lessly. Marian became puzzled and alarmed. Her director was still absent-she lonped for his return. Thti.g two mnr.thc par.perl, and it Was abso lutely necessary to concert the denotieirietit, but none could Dick find which satisfied him a bit. Though modestly assured of his cousin's love-for Fred, threatened with blindne3s-the revelation of the truth would be a perilous shock indeed. Another week went by, and another, but a fortnight re-, mained. Dick grew pale with dread and sleeplessness. He begged Clement and the General to relieve him of this awful duty, and Marian was proportionately distressed. The? vehemently declined, But fate came to the rescue with a ven geance. Father Powell returned, and forth with Marian confided her anxieties to him. He saw it must be an unprecedented case, and old interests wero stirred. Without, delay he called on Doctor Molyneux, a for mer friend, who was tnach surprised at the inquiry. He had r:o acquaintance with Mr. Frederick Mathers, of the Royal Shannon Regiment, but Mr. Richard Mathers, Y.C., ho had often met lately, a pleasant, funny I follow, who showed much curiosity about diseases of the eye. 'I have misunderstood Sister Marian somehow,' thought the director, and he went to another of the specialists whoin Dick had named, receiving the same answer there. Roused now to sus picion,, ho tried .a third, with the like result. And then as luck would have it, ho met tho General in Pall Mall, and told him these odd circumstances. The veteran did not think it fitting that a spiritual adviser, however agreeable person ally, should meddle in his family affairs. Brusquely he told Mr. Powell to mind his own business, and that gentleman, after pondering, decided that it was his business to let Sister Moriuti knoft thiB strahge styit^ of | things. And he wrote at length. Beiore the letter came to hand another incident arose. This was Saturday. Dick had warned her that he would not pay his call till late in tho afternoon, and accordingly Marian started upon one of her charitable missions. As she left tho house a country aunt, whom she had not seen for months, drove up. 'I'm going to take you to the theatre,' cried Mrs. Beauchsmjj, after embraces. ' Off \Vith that hideous and ridiculous .disguise) and show us the preUy ^irl of the period which Heaven made you.' 'Oh, aunt ! I cannot go.to the theatre.' 'Oh niece ! I soy you shall!. Where's the General V 'At lunch. It is quite impossible, dear Aunt Mary.' Mrs. Beauchamp was an imperious dame of largo fortune. She seized Marian and dragged her into the dining-room. ' I'm going to take my niece to see Miss Mary Anderson) Philip. I vo heard of lier^ extravagances, and I mean to put a stop to them. ' Do, Mary, but there's no need to bully Clem or me. You have all our sympathies.' ' But J mustn't, papa !' Marian exclaimed, almost crying. ' Fiddle-dee-deo ! Wouldn't you like to see Mary Andprson ?' /' 1 Yes-but ' 'You shall! I suppose she has some dresses fit for a girl in our position, Philip 1 Go and put one on, child !' ' Go, go, dear, for Heaven's sake 1' cried the Qcbeftil. Mfo. ijeauennnip. seized lief flgaiti, Ciirrjed her yn**tairs' in a whirl, and presently drove off with her, tearful, but not ungracefully submissive. It wns Miss Anderson's first. matinee in a new character, lind the house was crowded. When Mnriati had so far oveiconie her agi tation as to look about, she recognised Fred in the stalls, sitting between, two. bronKed warriora of his own ago-evidently Fred, not Dick) with his benrd shaved off ! She coujd hut make a mistal^r Tho girl shrank brtijs P-rid WHtehet4| . It wns quite clear he could see- ^66 33 well as a man need. His eyes were as keen as a hawk's. The comrades with him showed Htltliihg of that readiness to point out and liXpiaht arid describe which they would, nathrijlty .have .feifc htic) hifi sight befiti ittl jjftir'ed:, He Had tbfcbtSrfefl "leiii "bill, tnkeep dji life .interest he (ioriceaied the fac't. It w2s wicked; d,isliohe3t, uhiiinbiy!. , JIrs: Beaiichanip found her. niece vfery cVull: r-ua y*iw.ed snWwptild ptojjjiH (own .fat the were purpose of restoring her to a civi lised framer.<of <qun<3t A^-JMfarlap r.e-e,ptered the house Father Powoll's letter was handed to her. She read it with the aid of this new light, bub the situation was still incom prehensible. The point, however, stood forth clearly-Fred was a greater cheat even than she had supposed. At the same moment he entered. Marian ttvi^.atill atrllyed in thfl costume which Aunt Mnry tnoiiglit fitting for <J girl in her posi* tion. . . . ' Why-why !' ho cried in astonishment. ' What miracle is this ?' ' For a girl to change her dress is no miracle, but for the blind to see-- No ! Don't load your conscience with more false hoods, Fred. You have been practising a ShainefHl defJef!tioti,,-.,ttid-.yoUt Brother has been helping you. Why?' 'Because I lived you, Marian, and there was no other means to win you in the time I had. ' Whatever tho time was you have wasted it. Good-bye, Mr. Mathers!-I say good bye, sir! There i?no need of words.' I ask 110 explanation !' Dickhad too much sense to persist then. He t'etirt'd in silcncD) with a loiig, sad look; and Marian throw herself upoii the sofa in ii passion of tears. Before leaving the house Dick told his litiPle what had occurred. Desperately angry was tlenerai Mathet's. When lwpeCtfully reminded that lie himself had countenanced the fraud, his .ingenuity was rit no loss for justification: It wpg.iibt the .Uoginiiirig. lib Wanxcd; hoi' tub middib; but thb bhij: How could a siiiie man engage in siice a plot, Com promising all around hini, before he 6aw his way clearly out of it 1 So warni grew the old gentleman, urged by a guilty conscience, that Dick had real cause for offence. Ho withdrew, and did not return. Clement was from homo, and when he received Dick's letter urging him to mediate, and describing his father's rage, he felt no inclination to coma back. Thus tho General and Marian_wero left face to f.ice, and botli sulked. Not a word upon this subject passed betiVeeii them, but it is understood that they saw less of each Uther than patents and child usually do. As for Mrs. Beau champ she called in vain; Marian Would not go out, and tho General would not interfere. Curiously enough, however, the young girl's zeal for good works began to cool. She gave up her district upon the gi-oiind, not'un reasonable; that Fred might waylay her. But from that afternoon she had abandoned the costume of tho sisterhood. And Father Powell did not yet think it necessary to call at a house where he probably would not be welcomed by the master. Dick wrote again and again, but Ilia letters lay unopened on her table. And tho day of departure drew very near. At length Clement returned, and he, as a brother will, charged into the thickest of the complication forthwith. ' Such' vigorous action must need let daylight in, if there be obscurity mi}'where. Marian wns stubborn, almost vindictivo. She could never pardon Fred, anil it was very puzzling that they should wish her to do so when papa would not receive him. ' Fred ?' cried Clement. ' Fred ?' and went off in a roar. Then he explained it all. Marian opened her eyes, and flushed, and quivered - but it made no dif ference, she declared. That is to say Dick's conduct was even more infamous than that she attributed to his brother. If he was sail ing tho day after to- morrow, she wished him well. But she could not forgivo him, and to say good- bye face to face would bo pain fully embarrassing. Would Clement kindly drop the subject for tho future ? So the last evening arrived, and Dick spent it with his uncle. It was a melancholy en tertainment ; Blarian staying in her bed room, ovidently to escape tho remotest chance of an interview. But when it was time for^Dick to leave, he begged Clement, in despair, to make one last effort. Clement went to the bedroom and returned in haste. ' Sho isn't there !' he whispered, ex citedly. 'Now, Dick, try tho boudoirV ' What does it matter if the child isn't there?' grumbled General Mathers; but 1 Diet ha-iflown t,o the boudoir. Five minutes passed:-ten-a quarter of an hour. 'I think,' laughed Clement, gleefully.-'I think they have forgotten how tii:ie tiies ! Shall we carry our own congratulations?' Noiselessly chuckling, they stole upstairs, and opened the door of the boudoir sud denly. Marian sprang from her lover's arms with aery. 11 Can Undertake to aBsure you, Lieuten ant Mathers, V.C.,' laughed the General, ' that your leave will be extended six weeks on proper application. Do you think you con be ready, darling V Not till njany months afterwards did Mariim begin to declare, with very mild indignation, that stiiJ was the victim of a cruel shame. CONCLUSION OF SERIES. 