Mr. Hawels on Ghosts. In the Fortnightly Review the Rev. Mr. Haweis has a long article in favour of the possi- bility of the appearance of ghosts, and of the ghosts being photographed. He goes even farther than the possibility, and believes that " doubles" before death and " ghosts" after death have ap- peared to many persons, _and he mentions several instances in which the ghost has been photo- graphed. We quote one or two of these instances : " I heard the other day of a young lady who waa photographed at Brighton, I believe, and twice the plate came out blurred. The second time ahe per- suaded the photographer, who was about to lay it aside as useless, to develop it. The blurs, on being examined with a magnifier, proved to be faces all the sam" face. She at once recognised it as the face of a rejected lover, who had died," " About LS73 Hudson was much talked of. The best photo T have seen of his is that of an old man appearing tu his daughter. He wears an old black cap and his features are strongly marked. The lady went with her daughter, and in her own mind, as a mental test, desired that her father should appear with an odd velvet cap, which he wore during the last weeks of h¡R sickness. The test was communicated to no one. The ghost came out on the plate. The face and cap were unmistakable. "Mumler Buguet, before Hudson, attained much notoriety. To me the most extraordinary photo- graph of Buguet is the form of Stainton Moses, late Editor of Light, the only photograph of a double, the subject being alive, I ever heard of. It hap- pened ia this wise : -Stainton Moses, who was to have accompanied his friend, feeling too tired, lay down in a room at Paris, and apparently went to sleep, and his friend went alone and sat at the photographer's. The plate came out with the clearly recognised form and face of Stainton Moses . -the said Mo=;es being at the time in another part of Paris and quite unconscious of hie double's journey to the photographer." "My friend. General Taylor, supplied me with an interesting photograph taken cf a brother officer of his, who visited ' incog.' n. photographer, when the form of his brother, pight years dead, ciune out on the plate. He had but one photo of his brother, locked swny in hi'* trunk at home. T bave had the opportunity of comparing the photo from the life with that of the dead, and the likeness is clearly recognisable, though the expression of the ghost's face is painful." As an explanation of such _ photographs, Mr Haweis suggests that a surface more chemically aensitive than the human retina may be able to receive impressions of things really objective but to us invisible, just ns De la Rue and Huggins by dry plate long exposure have photographed thousands of stars whose light no telescope, however powerful, has been able to reveal to the human eye. 