Lady's Letter from Sydney. The season is in full swing. The ceaseless turmoil of Society has increased since Easter. That astonishing mixture of tragedy and farce, whioh goes by the name of gaiety — is being enacted as usual. Invitations to the vice-regal abode are passionately coveted ; hundreds of pounds are spent upon entertainments — here, there, everywhere — whioh saem to afford keen de'ight to the votaries of la mendainc, while hundreds are starving just outside their gates. A. kaleidoscope of pleasure and diversion exer cises this city of ours. Yet, if we wore pessi mists the sameness would irritate us. Now-a - days people are always saying the same things, entertainments resemble each other like peas ; aud wherever the world of fashion gathers, it takes its own monotony and tedium with it, and repeats itself with the dull perseverance of a cuckoo dock. If I were a constant visitor at afternoon teas, I should soon die of ennui. Some body ought to infuse originality into sooiety. The politicians are far more original in their own way — as regards calling eaoh other ugly names. The idol of the hour, and of the newspapers, strange to say. has been a lady of 67, who des cribes herself as ' a quiet woman, not fond of so-called ' society.' ' Mus Spenoe— the ' Aus tralian Beformer '—-could not have visited Sydney at a better time, or delivered her pet lecture on 'A Democratic Ideal ' at a more favorable opportunity. _ The announcement that so popular a priestess in the world of literature and politics was to occupy the pulpit of one of out oity ohurohes on Sunday last, was the signal for the edifice to be uncomfortably crowded. The organ pealed majestically through the hushed aisles, the congregation all agog for the preacher of a now gospel to appear, when lo, there came ths pastor, leading the way to a venerable old lady, clad in black, with old fashioned bonnet and mantle, and the ' harvest ?f a quiet eye.' Miss Spence looks the kind, pure, motherly, intellectual soul she is. Curiously, the clergyman's foregoing address was on the ' Sins of Sooiety,' in whioh he trenohantly dealt with the failings of a fast going community. He reviewed broadly ' Omda's' brilliant satite on Society's Sins, in the December Fortnightly Review, in whioh after lashing the devotees unmercifully, she says that ' all the faults of the old world are reproduced ten-fold in the new world. Aub tralia, especially is a hot- bed for immorality, fraud, gambling, drinking, etc.' These stric ture were abutted with earnestness by the reverend gentleman, who on the part of Aus tralian people was virtuously indignant that the clever novelist should have made such scathing and wholesale aspersions, and from outside impressions, probably. He maintained that Australia contained men and womon, who were true, brave, and noble ; and although there was a little of truth in the caustic state ments of ' Ouida,' still Australia — for a new civilisation, was a marvel to the thiuking mind. Miss Spenco divided her subjects into three parts — the social, the industrial, and political worlds : in each of which there was contained a mine of interesting information, and instruction. Th* aged apostle's delivery is not as good as it must nave been when she waa younger, but for all that her voioe is still strong, and the language forcible, yet charming. Time has dealt kindly with the enthusiast, for she read every word of her address — which was just printer'* proof without the aid of glasses in any form. Very bitter indeed was she on the sins of Sooiety ; and not a little humour was com pressed in some of her remarks about ladies who fuss and fume over the little, frivolous duties Mrs. Grundy requires of them — how they rush from one suburban tram to another, just to snatch 10 rrinutos at Mrs. Brown's, or 10 minutes at Mrs. Smith's ; while all the timo there is a hypocrisy about the wholo affair, and nobody really enjoys herself — Mrs. Grundy is suoh a monster to fashionable people, because Sooiety is criminally wrong. The pot-trait of the draw ing-room lady was well drawn. Miss Sponoe considers her the most useless thing in oreation. ' Oh dear,' she sighs, as she sits with folded hands on the sofa, 'I really oannot light a fire or cook a dinner, and there's that tiresome girl away ; servants don't know when they are well off.' And then followed the sins of mis tresses to domestio girls. The dear old lady is a strong champion for the fatter ; and what a dressing-down the fine ladie* got ! She con siders that domestios are not treated as they should be — there is too much tyranny, and very little humanity exorcised in this domain of in dustrial labor. By-and-by will come a time when household work will be done by pontract, without the domineering over that goes on at the present time, and that the worker will be equal to the employer. No feeling of con descension will be tolerated, but just a oase of Bellamy's dream of co-operation. In her flights for a democratic ideal in the political world I oannot follow her ; but I oan appreciate all the good she intends by her dream of ' effective voting.' I am glad Miss Spenoe is not a crank on the womanhood suffrage question. She is rather a wild enthusiast on eleotoral reform — calls it her ' goBpel whioh must be preaohed.'' Well, all I can say is that she has set herself a very difficult task. The electorates are hard to oonvert, However, she is satisfied after years of labor, lecturing, aud writing, to have achieved a small measure of succoss in South Australia. Miss Spence is a delegate to the Chicago Exhibition for a medley of societies— charitable, political, finanoial, and commercial. What a marvellous woman I It is remarkable how the aspeot of things strikes observers in different ways. The ' sins of sooiety ' no less. ' I have seen,' said one to me ths other day who had travelled much, and known tho extreme! of society, 'I have seen human nature in all its forms ; it is everywhere the same— but the wilder it is the more virtuous it is.' This seems a strange paradox I think— and told him so. To me, it appears that society is a masked ball, where everyone hides his qr her real character, and often reveals it by hiding. I believe with Miss Spenoe that the way to mend the bad world is to create a right world— ' a fair oity,' such as described in Eobert Buchanan's beautiful poem. Work is victory ; and wherever it is done victory is obtained. If we meet no gods through life, it is because we harbor none. The true democrat finds grandeur in -vork— in porters and sweeps, the real artiste of thii world. The Buddhists say, 'No seed shall die,' and where is the servioe that oan esoape its remuneration f Notwithstanding Mr. Ooghlan's aUtistics that there is a sad falling off in marriages, the wedding bells have ohimed merrily of late, and several young couples have been united at Hymen's shrine. And here let me say a few words of protest against the growing propensity there is amongst a certain olass to let the poor, prospective husband provide everything for the home. It ought to be shared by both. He is about to give his wife the shelter of bis name and protection; surely, then, a little self-denial in the matter of dress can be exercised during the months of engagement in order to provide for her home. But it seems the other way. The moment a girl becomes engaged to be married, she invariably becomes extravagant and all the spare money must needs go in per sonal adornment. The most flagrant foible of young Australia is recklessness of the future— I mean as regards temporal wants. 'Bohemian,' the writer of 'Sorap Notes,' in your journal, did well in o&lling; attention to tho slovenly way in whioh many, if not most, of tho colonial youth pronounce their native lan guage. Anyone who has watched the develop ment of what we may call the new dialeoc, cannot but have regretted the way in whioh words are being distorted and clipped, especially in this colony, where the evil is even more marked than the others. Most nations take a pride in preserving the purity of their language — notably the Scots— and i» securing its correot pronunciation. ^;JBut, it ssems, native Aus tralians have no such patriotism of the English tongue — the heritage passed down to them by thoir parents. The English tongue, moreover, is one of the most useful and noble language* now in use, and it is a pity to see it mutilated. In it is written a body of poetry not excelled by «ny other nation in any other age ; and yet it is so absurdly pronounced occasionally as to lose much of its strength, and the whole ot its beauty. 'What with the slang of some of the newspapers, the slang copied from the race conrse, bar-room, and dancing halls, it is con sidered a clever thing to coin such expressions, and we even hear girls, who think themselves the pink of fashion, gabbling iu the talk of jockeys, cooks, or bar-maids. Liberty to talk iq any way he pleases is, in fact, the birthright of the Australian child, and he uses it, to pro duce a jargon, half made up ot slovenly pro nounoiation, and half of street slang uttered with a peculiar intonation. A child's spseoh should be watched as carefully as bis morals or manuers. I heard a oase lately where a teaoher who undertook to drill a girl in enunciation was promptly stopped by a message from the child's mother that ' Mother spoke well enough and dssired she should speak in the same manner.' Another case is of a little child who went to the seaside, and when she saw the briny she cried out ' Oh mother ! there's the sea, but where are the tinthamis P' The child had been taught to gobble that ' God made the sea and all that in them is ' — and out of the latter words her mind coined ' tinthamis,' a single home of multitude. Now that Australians are develop ing a taste for art, music, etc, for goodness sake let us have a pure literature, which at pre sent, ssems only to be an ambition with our clergy. Your Sydney correspondent thinks I should inquire into the cause of the Superannuated Fund being so little patronised by women. Perhaps he is right in a small degree in the surmise that ladies do not care to confess them selves superannuated— even for the sake of money, which some tall, strong, but lazy men do. But, I am of opinion that the dear or«a tures are on the whole too unselfish to cliim State support. As a rule women are far more independent-minded than men. While in the critical mood, and at the begin ning of the dancing season, it may not be out of place to conolude with ' An Ode to the Modern Walts,' by Frank Morley, whioh I believe con tains a deal of truth. Here they are ;— 'Tig a kind of mild gyration, ?Us the ' Military Waltz j' A sort of maroJtt funebre, mixed With some very sudden halts. As your partner, vainly striving To revolve, is forced to stop ; And yoar manly arm is aching, And you're nearly fit to drop. While the moments are so melting, And you can't account at all, For the ponderous persistence Of the 'Fairy' of the ball. Her weight is but a trifle, If she steps upon the scale ; She looks so like a Zephyr That you crowd on every sail. ' With a feo ing of elation, With a consciousness of power, You go, for twenty yards at least, . At forty knots an hour. But a deadly drag is on you, iind, alas I your dream is false, For you find you hnvo to wrestle With the ' Military Waltz I' This Walts, which iira't Waltzing, But a dreary dull parade Of automaton-like figures, Looking somewhat ?' ready-made.' As they zig-zag, Blido, and shuffle, Turn round twice, and than appear Aa if they ' really had to stop. They felt ' so very queer,' Where is the old-time waltzing? And the waltzers, where are thby ? Here's ailmly fair I wallet with Twenty years ago to-day. We'll try a turn for ' auld lang syne,' She smiled and took my arm : She weighed about two hundred pounds, But her waltzing was a charm. Her form was somewhat solid, Yet her step was light as air ; As we floated round the room, I, Thus apostrophised the fair : ' This is tho good old waltzing, Thus in the days of yore, Our stops beat time to th' music, On many a festive floor. 1 could whirl for hours together, For your waltzing is just divine ; And you weigh like the ghost of a feather, Which I reckon a gracious sign That your style is correct and none other :' Then she sighed, as Bhc told of a youth, Who said that ' she waltzed like his mother I' And he possibly spoke the truth, .' SILVERPEN.' 