SPORT AND PLAT. BR " OLYMFCTS." REALLY and truly, now, don't you think we have beard quite enough about the *• Internal Dissensions" "which existed during the tour of the Eighth Australian Team in England ? I do. To my mind the whole thing resolves into a matter capable of explanation in four words—Tbey were Not Successful. Had they happened to win two out of the three test matches against All England the gravest charges that are now formulated against them would have been glossed over as mere venial Errors of Judgment. Hut because they didn't play up to' the form expected of them (by myself amongst many others) every slight departure from the strict path of Pharisaism is to be raked up so as (if possible) to bold at least a portion ot them up to scorn with the intention of consigning them to cricket obscurity. And supposing, for the sake of argument, one or two of them did get" tight " at times, or even failed to quite act up to the standard set them by tbe young Israelite who so successfully withstood the' blandishments of Potiphar's spouse, what the deuce has that got to do with anybody save themselves ? IT is positively nauseating to read the rubbish strung together week after week concerning the immense amount of injury that has been done the colonies owing to the tearful carryings-on of some of the members of the late team. They were "Representing the Colonies "—forsooth ! What liot! They were representing their own sweet selves in the transaction. What are the facts ? A number of prominent cricketers of Australia banded themselves together to carry out a Commercial Speculation ; and so as to add to its prospects of success they asked the Cricket Council of Australia to stamp them with their" Hall Mark " a6 being Eighteen Carat—so far as their Cricket was concerned. Hut only so far as their Cricket was concerned. Outside that they had no more to do with the Cricket Council of Australia than 1 had. If the venture turned out a failure, and they were left stranded in London, what a lot- of help the Cricket Council of Australia would have extended towards them ! As a man of the world. 1 ask YOU now, my reader, do you think, had such a contingency arisen, that the different Aj^entsr General of the colonies would have been justified in paying their passages back again for them ? Certainly not—except under the "assisted immigration " racket. • • . ' AND if they were not connected iu any'way with the Cricket Council of Australia, where, in Die name of goodness, did tative " part ol the business come in ? Thoroughly' understand how this Commercial Speculation was entered into. You read a lotof twaddle in various papers about tbe Eighth Australian Team, but never a word as to how the team was brought into existence in the first place. According to the way I fix things up, a certain gentleman, feeliug the time was opportune for another Australian Eleven to visit England, indited some is or 1!) letters to different prominent cricketers in the various colonies, pointing out the advantages -which were likely to accrue if a really good team got together and went Home. At the same time he mentioned the names of some really first-class cricketers whom he thought were favourably disposed towards taking the trip, the consoiuence being that he received such encouraging answers as to cause him to go a step farther and appoint two delegates from each colony (Victoria, N'ew South Wales and South Australia) to meet together in Sydney and select the team. From tlie very outset George Giilen (if my information be true) refused to go. But on being pressed to make one of tbe South Australian delegates to select tiie team, seeing that he would be in Sydney (for the South Australian intercolonial match) at the time tbe other delegates were to meet, be consented to act iu that capacity. Mind you, at that particular time it was thoroughly well known to the more intimate frieuds of George Giilen that he was totally averse to taking the trip to England under any circitvislanccs whatever. But the other delegates wanted him ; and wanting hiin, they angJed for and hooked him. And do you know how they hooked him? 1 will tell you. It appears that—" Hear " and all as he is— the stalwart South Australian possesses the very Unbrotherly Trait (so far as my colonial experience goes !) of loving his younger brother, Walter. And the other delegates traded on this, and, by selecting AValter one of the first members of the team, completely "nobbled " tieorge. 'J'JIEIIE was no—" I won'r go unless my brother Walter goes!" about the transaction, although it was published throughout tbe length and breadth of the land that such was a fact. Hut when George Gifl'en found that his brother was a component part of the team he changed front— against his own inclinations—and consented to go ton. That is how I have heard the sio.y, and! have every reason to believe it is essentially •ntia'llv true in the mam. , , elected it was hen thetea... was h icu.u w. s only nal ..ml thai 1 ,,- pwlbmp . i . ball rolling in the first ad Zen in rewarded---tbe same as L ™ his day. Then, knowing tbey hadI the enme d . la \- , C S'tt then sought for, and .obtained, the XHall M marf" H;»»Marl mark of tlie Cricket Council of Australia. But wlieth-" they received that " Hall mark" or not, they would have had to go to I S h . m V for the snnple reason that their ^ been arranged three months before, bo that the applying tor the ''Hallmark" was a mere matter of form (and diplomacy) after all. Mind you ! I am as desirous as anyone that for the future the Patronage of the Cricket Council of Australia shall not be a mere matter of form iu connection with these periodical visits; but that the members of Australian teams visiting England shall be responsible to the Council for their behaviour, both on and off the field, whilst on tour. But you mustn't try and make the thing Bet respective. You take it from me that tbe Eighth Australian Team were not so Specially Bid over all other visiting teams—either English or Colonial. And whilst stating that 1 must at the same time express my regret that Charley Turner should have allowed himself to bo drawn into "rounding on his pals "in the manner he has done. 1 will give hiui the benefit of the doubt, and allow thatThe was "drawn into" making his serious allegations about some of bis erstwhile companions. Though quite a number of my friends won't stand that at any price, but stoutly maintain he only turned "snitch on his pals '' to try and draw a kind of red-herring over the trail of his own little "' peccadilloes," on the principle' that- " Thrice is be armed who Iritli his Quarrel Just; liut Four times he who Gets His Left in Fust." THE Whole, Sole Object of the preceding paragraphs in this connection being to advise the members of the Eighth Australian Team to be true to themselves and one anothei—even at , the eleventh hour—by informing any would-be interfered on behalf of Having Everything Threshed Out before the Cricket Council to " interfere with themselves!"—argal, "mind their own business." THKUK are those who favour the idea that the fact of some of the members of the team taking their wives with them was the Iuitial Blunder ot' the trip. Hut J am not with them. In my opinion—as I thought at the time and as I think now—the very fact of three or tour ladies journeying with the team would be a Power For Good. You know ! Were tbey to devote their attention —only now and again say—towards taking an interest in some of the weaker vessels of a team.— they eould do more good—in their own way, bless them !—than all the stern-faced martinets m the wide world. For, There's No ltesistitig the Ladies when they make up their minds to act in unison. If once anything like what Max O'liell describes as the Australian attribute of " Class Distinction" were het-up, however, good- bye to all harmony then; everything would merge towards chaos. "Class Distinction." in the Colonies, quotha! Heaven save us ! Seeing that the only "class" distinction between some of our so-called " First Families" and the vast general is—that their progenitors were of a verity amongst the very first families! And happened to have the luck of it! . I • ATTBNIIED a meeting of tbe Victorian Cricketers' Association one evening last week, •aridSvns much pleased at the remarkably lucid manner in which Mr. \V. II. Moule expounded his scheme for the founding and carrving-on of a Proiessional Cricketers' Aid Society. Mr. Moule was very anxious to dispel any doubt as to the parties wbo should be eligible to participate in the benefits of tbe proposed society, by stating that it was tbe intention of those more intimately connected with the origination of tbe fcheme to include Curators of grounds as well as Professional Cricketers pure and simple. Whilst thoroughly endorsing this, for my own part 1 -wjuld even go a step farther aud include all Professional Umpires as well—that is to say, all professional umpires 'duly accredited by the Vict-orian Cricketers' Association. He this as it may, bowever, Mr, Moule's proposition should certainly bear good fruit, as the lines which be has laid down must commend themselves to all. In the iirst place, no person will be allowed to participate in the benefits of the society until he has been a financial member for five'years.tbeannual subscription being comparativolyanominalone. Towards establishing a fund in this connection Mr. Moule's proposal nomiuates that a percentage shall be taken from the profits of all Association matches during the year, such percentage not to be less than :) nor more than 7 per cent.; in the years of depression and 7 in the days of boom—such percentage to be decided on by the V.C.A. at the end of each season. There can be no valid objection to this ; and although I am sore afraid some narrow-minded delegates may attempt to " burk " the scheme by voting against it when it comes before the Association in due course, it is to be hoped that the committees of the various clubs constituting the V.C.A. will give tbe matter their earnest consideration, and take evevv care that their delegates are in touch with them on the subject. " Hut we are not rich enough as a club to employ a professional," remarked a delegate of one ot' the suburban clubs. To whi".h Mr. Moule quietly responded : " No, not at present; but you may not always be in that position. Besides, even now you do employ a curator. " WHEN the matter of selecting Victorian umpires to be submitted to the meeting of the Cricket Council of Australia (on the 2Sth December) came on for discussion, nine or ten names were proposed; a ballot resulting in the following five being chosen:—C. Henry, J. Harry, li. Crockett, I). Cotter and S. Morris. W HILST they were proposing candidates tor selection I took advantage of an opportunity to whisper to one of our prominent present-day cricketers and footballers—" Look here! They aie proposing a lot of people any one of whom tlie "New South Wales men would never dream of allowing tu stiaill, ,,„,„,, in intercolonial match. Now, I c%n tell you of a good old servant of the AsSocia- '^n that 1 am positive the Sydney boy, would not rai80 the slightest objection to.'" " Who is replied. " Old Ben James," was my ^ver. " Blames ? Ben James ?" be repeated 3 , ^ far.away eXpreBsion about his face, as if iie were trying to recall tlie name from the vasty deep of forgotten nonentities; " I don't remember ~ And then he resumed his seat. The which circumstance immediately began to set >«« a- -.•,„„,.„„__ wi,nf ,„ old Fossil vou must be !" S tZ g bU o?rtich caused me to ruminate that perhaps, Old Fossil an(j aj| .ls ] am undoubtedly getting, there is still n off-chance (under latter-day developments) 1 mav jlve to see the time when the name of my cricketing and football acquaintance would also iiavo p^ed into oblivion. AND it's Not llight! People who have rendered the Victorian Cricketers'Association good service in their day should not be allowed to die out of recollection altogether. If you go into the East Melbourne pavilion you will find Ben Jame?' name there (iu the early seventies) as "dux;" (highest batting average and best bowling) of bis year. And on searching through the annals of the Victorian Cricketers' Assoeiation you will discover that a few years later he was appointed Sole Selector of Teams for the Y.C.A.,and, moreover, that his selections u-ere never once defeated in an intercolonial match. When Charley Bannerman was in bis prime as a batsman (and I have never seen a better!) he had a positive terror ot playing lien James'bowling—a fact which I heard from his own lips. Again, when the First Aust.ralian Team returned from England, their manager, Jack Conway, telegraphed from Adelaide to Ben, asking him, as a Special Favour—to stand umpire for them in their matcb against Victoria, which bo did—the late T. J. D. Kelly being his " Honorary " confrere on the occasion. That was only some Fifteen Years ago, you will kindly remember ; and surely Ben James' prowess in the cricket field — whether as Cricketer, Selector or Umpire — should have ensured his being kept in remembrance that length of time. Somehow or other they manage these things better in New South Wales, in proof of which assertion I need only quote the example of dear old Harry Hilliard, who played in the First Intercolonial Cricket match between Victoria and New South Wales—in 1H50, and is still the feature of the annual contest on the Melbourne CricketGroundon Boxing Day. As opposed to this I may state, on the authority of Mr. B. James himself, that ou two occasions at the beginning of different seasons lately he has sent in application for the position of umpire in pennant matches, and oil neither occasion has lie ever been considered worthy the courtesy of a reply to his a}ipUi',iUon. Aud again 1 say it is Not Eight that a gentleman (for old Ben was ever and always a gentleman in the true acceptation of tbe word !) who has rendered such excellent service to the Victorian Cricketers' Association in days of yore, and who has still many yeavs of good service in biiu, should be treated so cavalierly—not to say uugenerously. But there—the circumstance I have narrated is oniy another exemplification of the old, old story; tbe story so eloquently conveyed by Joe Jefferson in " Hip Van Winkle," when he was wont to deliver the words (with oh, such pathos!)—"And AM We So Soon Forgotten ?" AT a meeting of tbe Selection Committee of the Victorian Cricketers Association on Saturday niglit (such Selection Committee being composed of E. E. Bean, T. Horan, A. G. Major, C. H. Ross and J. Worrall), tbe following were selected as the Victorian Eleven to do battle against New South Wales in the Fifty-third Intercolonial Cricket Matcb between the respective colonies, which is to commence on the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday next, 2:ird December J. Hlackhani (Melb.) H. Trott (Sth. Melb). W. Bruce (Melb.) I J. Carlton (Nth. Melb.) C. M'Leod (Melb.) | H. Stuckey (Nth. Melb.) B. M'Leod (Melb.) { J. Harry (East Melb.) H. Trumble (Melb.) ! J. Worrall (Fitzroy.) H. Graham (Sth. Melb.) j F. LAYER (East Melbourne) was also selected as the first general emergency man ; but so as to ensure having two wicket-keepers available during the match should Blackham not take part in the contest Percy Lewis (East Melbourne) will take his place, whilst in the event of anything rendering Harry unable to play, C. Koss (Melbourne) will fill the vacancy. WKKE tbey all strung up to "concert pitch " it would be difficult to point out how the eleven selected could be improved upon, albeit supporters of East Melbourne might well be pardoned even under those conditions for urging that both Frank Laver and Charley Letcher have prior claims to consideration to what Charlby M'Leod has. On this season's form, in fact, Letcher is incomparably superior to " Bob's brother." Putting that on one side altogether, the matter resolves itself into this—Is not the selecting of K. M'Leod, V\\. Bruceand J. Blackliam—seeing that their presentday form is an unknown quantity -something remarkably akin to an Experiment on the part of the Selection Committee? In E. M'Leod s case I think the committee have trusted too blindly to his last season's performances in Victoria, without taking into proper consideration the fact that a course of Turkish baths and incessant lengthy practice would bo necessary ere " Grace's Bete Noir" could possibly hope to rival liis past feats of dlierringdo. [Since the above was written E. M'Lood has notified to Mr. E. D. Heather, the V.C.A. secretary, that he does not intend to take pui'i in the match, as be feels altogether out of f.uiii. and F. Laver has been appointed in his ,,),-. •(..—ED. Punch.] s .'-'itii W. Bruce thocase is altogfither different; for even though the "Pride of Melbourne" may In- i bit ofl' as regards his batting- and bowling, lit- is Never Off in his Fielding, and for that lone is worth a place in any team, i >i course Jack Blackham is Done! The Noble Army of Cacklers, the vast majority of whom never knew bow to handle ft bat in their lives, arc very pronounced on that poiut. In fact,now 1, ?me to think of it, they were Quite Prouounced Thcreanent three or four years ago, until someji;>'A' or other Jack came out of bis shell again, and luinufred to "keep sticks" in the same old style. A nil, as it is quite on the cards the old Carlton buy may do the same thing again, and as, moreover. tht only other man in the colony fit io take his pl-iec (that's Percy Lewis) has been incapacitated iluough a severe injury on the leg quite recently, ] .'.mist pass Jack Black-ham's selection over in the same manner as I have Billy Bruce's. And yet there's another Batsman I would have in the team at any cost; that Batsman being I'i.auk "Waltehb. 1 don't care who you would hiive to leave out for him, Frank should be "thar." Wo will want some Butting Force in tin; forthcoming match I promise you, and weal) know bow Frank Walters simply dotes on Charley Turner's deliveries. Were I the selector of teams I would even leave out Jack Worrall to put Walters in the team. Thebe, you have my sentiments ! Boh M'Leod out to make room for Frank Laver: Charley M'Leod out to find a place for Charley butcher, and Jack Worrall out because Frank Walters should be in. And even then, under those altered circumstances— and altered (in my humble opinion) very much for the better—T fancy the Xr.w Sooth Wales men would be found to carry t-io many guns for us this trip. Chablky Letcher has been acquitting himself marvellously well in pennant cricket this year; hut last Saturday he regularly " set the seal " on all his previous performances. On the previous Saturday East Melbourne had scored :M2 runs for the loss of eight wickets, A. S. Carter (19) and A. E. Trott being the not out men. The heavy downpour on Friday, however, had played old gooseberry with the wicket on the Carlton ground, and after Carter had compiled S more he was caught by Campbell olf Eolfe. It would be a curious kind of a sticky wicket "Old Uoyley" couldn't tnavel runs off, though, and on liis partnering Carter the Bast Melbourne score was advanced to 346, when Rolfe got one past Carter, who retired for 21; Boyle carrying out bis bat for IS. The Carlton bowling analysis was as follows:—1'\ Rolfe, three wickets for *7: Leith, two for 24 ; Kennv, two for 94; Ellis, one tor 02; Watling, one for 20. On Carlton going in to bat they were simply annihilated by their one-time " mawley-handed " friend, yciept Letcher, who sent down 515 balls for 2 maidens, 20 runs and S wickets; Trott's average reading—154 balls, :S maidens, 20 runs, 2 wickets. Fred Kolfe (caught Laver, bowled Letcher, 14) and Jack Kenny (caught Letcher, bowled Trott) were the only pair to offer any sort of resistance to the Fast Melbourne onslaught, albGit botli M. Ellis (caught Carter, bowled batcher, (>) and W. Anderson (caught Boyle, bowled Letcher, 5) were beginning to feel " kinder good " when they were nipped in the bud ; the only other runs (2) being achieved byT. Hickey. l'urcy Lewis kept wickets in A1 style. Being in a minority of 30G the Carltonians bad to follow on, and whether it was that the East Melbourne trundlere were in a more merciful vein or that Mi-s. Rolfe's "neck oil " got in its good work, tho dark blues were enabled to put togetherl23in their wcond innings, young Rolfe (bowled Letcher, ,'!(i) heing again top, followed by Kenny (caught M Alisfcer, bowled Harry, 20),(Hickey (caught and bowled Letcher, 17), Anderson (caught Costello, liowled Laver, 17), and W, Smith (caught M'Alister, bowlod Letcher, 11); Percy Lewis' excellence behind the sticks being again emphasised by the fact that there was only a sulitary sundry on the score-sheet. In this innings Letcher took six wickets for 4-3 runs; Trott, nary a wicket for 24 runs; Laver, two for Hi; Costello, one for B; and Harry, one for 1. During the match Letcher took Fourteen Wickets fir Sixty-three Runs! How's that for high in senior cricket ? The rainfall had prejudicially affected tho Warehousemen's Ground as well, but as North Melbourne bad 281 runs on tho board for the loss of seven wickets they felt particularly happy over the probabilities of the result. Hughey Tmmble made the eleventh man for Melbourne, and although 13 runs were scored off him ere he secured a wicket, three chances (to Walters, Ha.ldriuk and Peryinan) resulted in George Sluckey (33), 11. Houston (1) and E. Steele (0) losing the number of their mess in succession; "Tommy " Fox carrying his bat out for the fine score of 91. He should have been caught oa Saturday before shifting from his not-out of 77 ; but Alf Haddrick's fingers happened to bea little mora "buttery" than usual, and the chance was ' muffed." The ball cut fearful gyrations whilst humble was bowling, Charley Boss (whilst keeping wicket) having the misfortune to get his under lip split clean through by a fast-rising ball, Tie analysis o£ the Melbourne bowlers panned out «s follows:—H. Trumble, three wickets for 18} M'Leod, five for 97 ; D. M'llwraith, one for 27 ; J. Wilson, one for 72. W'altebs and Ross started on behalf of Meltomne, and when the latter had made 2 he was ;ed in the slips by E. Bean off Carlton. This proved a disastrous miss, a- the gay and festive Charley slapped them round promiskiiR-llkB afterwards to the tune of 30 inure before, hi* was caught by Harry Sf.uckey off Carlton. Waller* gave a nice exhibition uf lmtting (his leg play"being pretty and effective) for i«i. when' Carlton sent hiui down an undeniable one, and he had to vacate the crease. Truuible was sent to the rightabout by Hurry Maplestono for the "dreaded duck," but the other " Hughey " (of the M l,can ilk) laid on the wood in such fashion that his individual score was til by the time Carlton whanged one up against hie leg, which happened to be covering the wicket at the time. M'Loan's innings was somewhat discounted by tbe fact that he had given a couple of chances t.o Maplestoiie at mid-on (at 30 and 3K respectively); hut as the "l'arkville Chicken " failed to grapple either of them after flopping his " wings " together twice on each occasion the probabilities are that he did well to stay (heir progress at all. Jem Phillips played a masterly innings fur 2S, his strokes to the oil being specially noteworthy: albeit eventually be was euchred by Steele (off his pad) with aii underhand^ " googler." Steele was remarkably effective with his " underhand stuff," by-the-wny; Dave M'llwraith falliug into the soup (for 7) through making a mighty swipe at a straight one, whilst after young Penman had made 4 hn proved to demonstration that iiis education with regard to the old- fashioned styleof trundling had been sadly neglecte,d by slogg'iug at a ball to leg and being caught in tho slips by Carlton. J. M'Carthy played the game for IS, when he was caught by StucVey off Carlton; and just as Haddrick was wilhiua unit of double figures the same bowler served on him a writ of ejectment. When C. M'Leod had put 14 together he had the misfortune to make a mis-play at a ball from Maplestone, which got up and struck him on the proboscis with such severity as to necessitate his retirement. When tho ninth wicket was down, however, Dick Houston magnanimously allowed hiui to resume his innings, with the result that he added another 14 to his previous score; the Melbourne tally when "time" was announced being 22U for the loss of nine wickets; J. Wilson (11) and C. M'Leod (2S) being the not out men. 'The North Melbourne fielding was terribly below their usual standard, no less than seven chances of catching men out being " mulled." Jack M'Kianr added II more to his previous contribution of <i prior to being caught by Ingleton off Over, and as A. Fox supplemented this by 9 (carrying out his hat for a sterling innings of 54) the Fitzroy lads gave South Melbourne a "set" of 232 to tackle on the lastnamed's native " heather." Bowman and Giller were tbe first brace deputed to break the back uf this formidable total; but after they had put 9 together between them a succession of uiaideu overs (twelve in all!) augured that something was likely to crack up. Which something was Giller, who, evidently getting tired of blocking them with his bat, tried to block a straight one of Bob Mitchell's with his leg—and succeeded, the board showiug 1—t—9, It tins then joined Bowman, but before another blow had been struck Hastings suapped 13owman up behind the wickets off M'Kirdy, and 2—5—9 signalled the indieutor. 'Tarrant and Raius proved equal to the emergency, though, the latter having played a sound innings for 22 when he was howled by Schmidt; a fate which befel Edgar Birrett after making 7. Schmidt at this particular time was bowling with teiliug effect, for befove that " veteran colt" Sonny Elms had time to ejaculate more than "what 4" he was secured by Worrall off the irrepressible, who followed it up by getting Sam Morris, l.b.w. for "a duck;" six wickets being down for 72. The combination of Lyons and Tarrant yielded 2K. and then " Ambrose " (who had contributed 39 in n manner worthy of all praise) fell a victim to the wiles of Bob Mitchell, Hefcween Jngleton and Lyons another fair stand was made, tbe score reaching 131 by the time Lyons was bowled by Worrall for 2K. This was the last wicket taken during the afceruoou, Over and Tngletou playing out time, when the South Melbourne score stood at 14(i runs for the loss of eight wickets, Over being H and Ingleton 23. Saji Moeius was the most effective bowler for South Melbourne, histiiree wickets being captured at a cost of 21 runs. Over took two for 3."); Jngleton, two for 40; Kemp, two for 41 ; aud Giller, one. for 3(i. The University batsmen, Francis and Guthrie, evidently felt handicapped by the state of their ground, and so they " whanged " away until the 200 rims they started with had accumuiatcd to 2SS, when Francis was well caught by O'Hara at short slip (off Russell) for 17. Guthrie sailed on, howover, until he had augmented his previous Saturday's score of 7 by 34. when Russell bowled him, the same bowler first catching Moysey (16) a nasty thwack with a bumpy one, and then cajoling hiui into letting drive at another, which fell into the clutches of Erskine. Like Moysey, A. J. l'hilpott gave a scientific exposition of " ye manly game " for i(>, aud, also like his club mate, he was finally caught—by Wilis off Kuok. The last-named secured another wicket through O'Hara "sniping" T.Green up in tho slips for 2, aud C. Lewis being not- out with nought the first innings of the representatives of A Una Mater closed for 330. On behalf of Port Melbourne, Kuox 6ecured four wickets for 72; O'Hara, three for 51, and Russell, three for 73. What between running themselves out aud spooning the ball into the air, the Port Melbourne lads succumbed in very summary fashion in their first innings, Knox (caught Francis, bowled Guthrie, 10), O'Hara (caught Green, bowled M'Leod, 14) aud Fullavton (caught Quirk, bowled Lewis, 13) being the only batsmen to reach double figures, the innings closing for 73 runs; Lewis taking four wickets for 7 runs; D. M'Leod,three for 37; and Gufchne, one for o. On going in a second time the visitors did not shape uiuch batter, Stewart being caught by Quirk off Guthrie for 0, whilst Erskine (caught Francis, bowled Guthrie) and Wills (bowled Lewis) were both retired for the " round 'un." Solly was certainly 0 (not out), but the Port Melbourne captain B eeing that they had but seven wickets to fall, and were stiil 241 runs to the bad, decided to close his innings, and ensure his boys having a good spelt for the New Year holidays by acknowledging the supremacy of University without further parley. Thank.-* to Keogh's magnificent contribution of 119 before being stumped by Wilkinson (who proved himself a " second Blackham " behind the wickets right through the innings), tbe St. Kilda score of one for 70 was advanced to 19fi ere the last wicket fell, Keogh and Tandy (caught Rutherford, bowled Lynee, 29| being the prime factors in tbe transaction. For Eichmoud Lyues was again in great form with the ball, five wickets falling to him lor 70 runs. Wade securing three for 41, and Keogh one for 41. Kotwitlistanding the fact that they were in a minority of 09 on tho first innings, the Richmond lads buckled to with a will in their second venture, and with such effect that at tho close of the afternoon's play they held an advantage of 101 runs aud have seven wickets still to fall. This creditable outcome was due to the spirited batting of Tatuhell, who was responsible for HO on his own account and was still in evidence at the close of proceedings, his vis n-vis being Sutherland (with N). Besides these A. Whitehead had put together 3<i, his downfall living brought about by tbe dexterity of the St. Kilda wicketkeeper (Kelly), who stumped him off Sinitb, after having previou?ly;stumped L. Keogh off M'Shane for 3. George Turner was shaping verv promisingly, but on making 15 lie was unlucky enough to displace the bails whilst guarding iiis wicket from a played bail. Williamstown's five wickets for 14-0 only yielded 174 all told, Alf. Carlton capturing the last five wickets, and winding up with the spanking average of eight wickets for <53, Uarmby getting one for 20, and Drape one for '22. Smith (caught Hunter, bowled Carlton, 11) and Henderson (not out, 10) were the only batsmen to make a stand oil behalf of Williamstown. Essendon made an excellent stand in their second innings, W. Smith being not out with 10K to his credit. Next to him tanked A. Carlton (caught Grubb, bowled Williams) with 51; 'l'hurgood (bowled Fowler) scoring 21), aud E. Hunter (bowled Williams) 19; eight wickets being down for 222, aud the other uot out man being N. Fox. with 1. Up to the present, in Essendon's second innings, Williams has taken five wickets for 92, Fowler, two for 43; and Hannah, one for H. The Williamstowu fielding is described as being simply " hearfljreaking " for any bowler to have to put up with. The committee of the Upper Yurra Amateur "Regatta had but scant reason to congratulate the Press on the efforts of the Fourth Estate people to make thu affair a success, and yet there was a tremendous gathering of spectators on Saturday to witness a really excellent programme put through—all things considered -in splendid style. Occasionally there was a bit of a drag ; hut then, as a sort of make-even, two or three events would follow in double-quick succession; the consequence being that the advertised time was kept to much butter tli in ever before. Tbe northern portion of the river bank abutting on the bridge was, by the kind permission of tbe Mayor of Melbourne and City Councillors, allowed to be utilised for the nonce as a sort of ladies' reserve ; and the patronage bestowed by tbe fair sex must hive been extremely gratifying to the gentlemen entrusted with thu carrying out of the details, foremost amongst whom may well be bracketted tho lion, sec., Mr. John T. Best, and the lion, treas., Mr. Chas. Miller. PiiOCniiUiNds commenced . with the Maidkn Scullr, the first heat of which was contested by "Tim" Howard (Electric Telegraph) and A. Champion (Melbourne), the former's adipose tissue of 12st. proving altogether too heavy a handicap for Champion's 9st. 21h.; tho outcome being a victory for the "wire" man by four lengths. In the second heat E. B. Stohr (Yarra Yurra) proved too stohrlwart (so to speak) for A. J. Shepherd, the representative of Hisendon getting done by three lengths. In tbe final boat Tim Howard was fairly on tbe job, "but Stohr wvideatly didn't care about it, so the Electric Telegraph representative simply rowed over the course and won. The Maiden PAiuopened with a tussle between Yarra Yarra and Mercantile, the former (J, IJoriburgh stroke. J Lockington bow.) provipg victorious by a clear length. 'Then Hawthorn put Barwon' down b.idly ; though the brothers Harrison (C. D. stroke and A. D. bow) had uo show against Yarra Yarra in the fiual, being beaton by fully four longths. The first heat of tbe Maiden Pair proved a really good thing for Melbourne, who got home in front of Richmond by two lengths: and on Albert Park defeating Mercantile by a length, a dingdong struggle right up to the flag-boat eventuated, Albert Park just squeezing home by about six inches, the Melbourne lads pulling in the most determined manner, aud rowing fastest at the finish. The composition of the respective crews were as follows: — Melbourne. —- J. W. Begg (stroke), F. H. Kenny, .las. Davies and A. W. Murdoch (bow). Albert Park—F. Cameron (stroke), W. Allen, C. E. Mould aud H. 0. Davies (bow). The Maiden Eight was the event of the afternoon, nolessthaneight crewscompeting. According to some of the aquatic scribes, these crews were the worst lot of maiden eights ever seen on the river; and yet the result didn't seem to bear out tbe deduction. Thus Corio Bay (who were •* above tbe standard" and would therefore win), and University (who had " showu the best form'on the river") both went down before the despised Civil Service combination, who were never mentioned. Oivil Service put University through if, the first.heat by a length, after whicb Essendon defeated Melbourne by three-quarters of a length, whilst Corio Bay euchred Banks by a length and a-half, and Barwon beat Mercantile by a length. The odds were on Essendon in the fifth lioat; but Civil Service had them hard at it a-quarter of a. mile from borne, and never allowed them to get closer than a length off afterwards. Then Corio Ray and liavw-m tried conclusion, a fairly trood set-to eventuating in a three-quarters of a length victory for tho former. This left Civil Service and Corio Bay to fight out the final, and although the latter hud been practising together for close upon two months, had taken the greatest of CM re of themselves, and rowed as if for their very lives, the sharp, decisive swing and firm grasp of the water of the Oivil Service iads spoke trumpet-tongued in favour of the instructions given to them by their mentor, and tbey swung past the winningflag clever (if not exactly comfortable) winners by half-a-length, amidst the hearty plaudits of their enthusiastic admirers. The names of the successful artists were as follow :—11. Kemmis (stroke). Jas. Newton, R. Ji ink in, E. Murphy, H. Amos, F. W. House, T. F. Brennan and J. H. Irvine (bow). The Junior Sculls found A. J. Shepherd (Essendon) and A, F. Garrard (Barwon) bucking at one another, the buck ending in favour of Shepherd by two lengths owing to Garrard steering a most erratic course. Howard declined to contest against H. C. Edwards (Banks) in the second heat, choosing to reserve himself for the Maiden Sculls in preference to having any of that pie, and after the Banks representative had walked over therefor he simply " rowed over" Shepherd for the final heat. The good old "yellow and black " of Richmond proved too good for the white jerseys with Cambridge blue trimmings of Mercantile in the Juniou Four, they leaving their opponents a couple of lengths in the rear at the finish, after which they held South Melbourne (who had been favoured with a bye) quite as cheap, the oiiicial verdict being a win for Richmond by a length and a-half in the final euent. J. Hughes (stroke), I' O'Loghlen, C. Syle and 11. M'Allan (bow) constituted tbe victorious Junior Four. Much interest was evinced in the Senior Scui,lp, from the fact that Mr. S. H. Gollan, the well-known racehorse owner and aquatic enthusiast, had entered the lists. The first heat was between b". ,T. Morell (Electric Telegraph) and D. Horsbuvgb (Yarra Yarra), which proved a soft thing for Moreli. S. H. Gollan (Melbourne) had a walk-over through Watters not putting in an appearance ; but in flie final heat succumbed to Jlorell by three-quarters of a length.the defeated competitor being evidently " out of sorts " over an occurrence round the bend, which was occasioned through Morell getting into the Kew Zealander's water and fouling him. After hearing evidence the comniitteo decided that these twocoinpetitorsRhall row over again for thepri/.o, " No day was ever yet so long but it roroeth at last to even song." And so Yarra Yarra experienced ill the Senjoij Fouti. In tho first heat they were fully a length behind Mercantile when the winning post was reached, and on entering a protest on tbe ground of being " bored " at Brander's Ferry they were given another chance of retrieving their laurels, the committee ordering thu heat to be rowed over again. This but heaped "coals of fire" on their devoted heads, however, as on the second occasion the Mercantile lads never gave them t.he ghost of a show after miking up their half-length deficit at the shirt, and " waltzed " home even more c-asily than they had done on the first occasion. Albert Pari; displayed excellent form against Civil -Service, finishing up with a meritorious win by a length and a-hnlf. Tim final hunt—Mercantile v. Albert Park — was won by the former by two lengths, the following constituting the victorious Senior Four:—W. H T. Davis (stroke), 11. Lindgren, P. Strelitz and R. E. Dawson (bow). The first annual Cyclists' Road liace. of 25 miles, was inaugurated ou Saturday, under the auspices of the Cyclists' Club and in accordance with the rules adopted by the League of Victorian Wheelmen. The route selected (from tho Hay Market along the Keilor-road to Digger's R jst — the turning-point—thence back to the G-mile post at Essendon) was in excellent order, but the westerly wind which prevailed incommoded the competitors greatly. Sixty-three out of the 70 handicapped started for the event, but only 27 completed tbe journey, the first half-ilozen to iinish"coming in as follows:— K. Patterson (llmin. start) — lb. ISmin. Suisec. A. E. Diston (lSmin. start)—lh. lSmin.59sec. E. A. Cathie (N.luiin. start)—lh. liluiin. 25sec. J. M'Lau^hlin(13min. start)—lh. 19min. 37sec. J.Crough (7min. start)—lb. 19min. -jlsec. H. White (7mm. start) lh. lUmin. 54sec. 