A PECULIAR PEOPLE. THE iiUWSBX ISLAXDS -lOHTES. . "We take- the following-' in teres tin ". account of lie. Gilbert Group, recently taken possesion of by Great Britain, lrom the San ..Francisco ".Chronicle": Lying away down in the Pacific Ocean so far beyond the Hamuau kingdom that Honolulu is called by sailing . vessels the half-way house between the Golden Gate ana their coral reefs, are ilic Gilbert Islands. Their natives are governed bv petty chiefs and Hugs, and form a rare and interesting combination of heathenish customs and religions teachings. 'Che avarice of the miser and the thcuo-htlcss waste of the child imike. up a otjneral dispositionat once affectionate an<f cruel which proclaims that- the work of the sometimes devout missionary and the as sociation of the wordly civilised trader have not yet been able to effect a chtm°e of their moral character or prepare them for a higher civilisation. The lioistin"- of the British flag at the village of Butari tari. on the Island of Butaritari, the visit of King Tibureimoa. to the United States in the hope of securing some sort of recognition or relief, and the result of the lung's self-appointed mission are all well known ; but from ilrs A. Biek, wife of the os-United States Consul at Butari fari, viho has just returned to San Francisco, has been learnt something of the strange* customs and peculiar characteristics of the inhabi tants of the Gilbert Islands not hitherto published. SlxandlMrs Kick were for several years residents of the isiands Drevious to the of JIr Kick to the consulate at Butaritari in 1SS7, and were there when Captain Davis, of the British navy, hoisted England's flag o»i the island. uotAvitlistmidiusj tlic vigor ous protest of the i>owerless~" old King. The kingdom over which Tibureimoa reigns consists of three islands,Butaritari, Big 3u>Hn, axd Little jiTokin, populated t»y 4000 inhabitants. The revenue enjoyed by Tibureimoa would not serve for pin! money for many a young San Francisco) belle, but the habits of the monarch of ! those islands aire not expensive, and his costumes lack tlie splendor which dis tinguishes Eastern Courts. He taxes the 13 foreign storekeepers lOOdol each per annum, and every male subject pays him Idol, every woman oOc. and everv child ; 25c each year. Ke also receives all tie fines which imiy he imposed for triiliii" | offences against his kingly dignity or the | peace of any of his faithful subjects. In this way King Tibureimoa manages to bye a jolly life, entirely typical of his nice. He is heathen or Christian as may best sen e Ins terni-not hesitating to prav like a priest, swear like a sailor, or lie like a politician whenever his interests are met by it. "While the islands have been the field of active missionary efforts for 3-ears, according to the observations of 3lrs Hick, whose opportunities for investigation were wide and covered a 2,cr*od of a dozen years, there has been very little reallr accomplished. The native swings into line with the Christian to-day, or at any an'l all times when in his presence; but this lad\, shortly before her departure from Butai itari, frequently s;uv the j>rofessed Christian islander secretly teaching the little clilldren weird heathen dances" and wild mcantatioiLS-certain proof that white missionary teaching* are outwanllv accepted the native mind aud heart still cling to the customs taught and believed in through the gone centuries. Formerly it was the custom in the islands to inflict the death penalty npon both parties to asijilteiy, so that the moral status of the natives in olden days, as may be readilv supposed, was such a sight as migit put the standard of chastity iu any laud to the pmsd. but under the benign and ameliorating influences of civilisation tie law has Wn changed so that now a line tafcos ...0-01,<.,.<,;<, ment and a few coins hide the staius which in former times could only be wiped ont witli blood. But to return to tUc King's revenues. From all these sources Tilniremio-i receives about SOOOdot perannuiu. His table-that is when he aoes not eat sitting 011 tlie floor on ,, -is supi.lied with the choicest iisli taken by Ins subjects from the adjacent sea.and w henever lie sees fit lie serves notice on any native that he wants his crop of cocoanuts, and he gets it. The natives idolise their children. little ones are not permitted to walk until they are 7 or " fi'rS f10 old people e not the objects of solicitude, and are compelled to look out for themselves or starve. One of the peculiar customs, and the most repellant and revolting that can bennjsamed, is the treatment of the dead by the islanders. "While an old person living is held of no account, the moment the breath leaves the body it becomes an object of the most ardent affection and veneration. The corpse is not buried nor cast into the sea,nor does it feed a funeral pvre. It is simply kept in the house. i.1le sick snupiy die on a mat iu the - low nut, and the remains are each mornin" taken without the house, where thev remuin until pmset, when thev are again brought within. This horrible treatment is kept up until nothing but bones remains. These imperishable relics are ?*uf7 uI) F1 clicks about the house, and like the clay of imperial Ctesar. " nii-^ht stop a hole to keep the wind uwav." The side aits left to heal themselves, so far as native skill or surgery may aid them. Ilierearc doctors, it is true; but tlieir treatnient would not be thought beneficial 111 cmhsed countries. If a person be sick j he is taken out at sunset and placed on a mat just at the edge of tie sea. and the " ,°ctor'*' carrying u torch made of the spli t bark of tie coeoanut tree, marches about the patient three times with the thuning brand waving slowly above Ins head in a measure with his step, at the same time eliauting in low, slow tone a sort of song. This munuuery is repeated at intervals until the corpse "is conveved homo or the sick one gets welL Slurril. -e among the natives is simply accomplished and ;ts_ Quick]j- undone. "Women are regarded as cattle or any other property. If a man imu-rios girl ]le -seizes Iier by the hair of the head, where cvor ho may tiud her and. not withsUiuaiu*^ hernivit«--*-<-.«~., J i,>;t au'av to his nome. This- resistance in not often serioal for, with that tiue sense of coquetrv which makes all womauiind kin, a show of refusal is made. Arrived at the house of the groom, a wedding feast is lushed forthwith, to which all the immediate friends of tlic " contracting jjartips" ire invited. . But "invitation implies that those l-espondiug must each one briug some article' to the banquet. Tliere is no further ceremony. -"When u mail grows weary of his wife he simply orders her to leave, and if she does not fcjee the hint he removes her much as he wooed and won her-In- the hair of her head. To the ;uiuds of the natives tile islands are peopled with, ghosts. Ill the evening those who stir about the beach or penetrate the iliitk tropical darkness curry rifles with ilit'Jiu Asked wliat tlioy do this for . tliti answer is. .' Ghosts." They fear the departed shades more tluui any living Siugufculy euough, they l>elieve that these ghoste are the spirits of their dead relatives and friends and yet they hold them in. mortal terror. Astrange custom among the islanders is this, that . begging never meets refusal. However much one ; may prize Ins gun, his boat or eocoonuls, per sistent begging will secure possession without payment. "When the islander is ax hisinealhe is bound to aslc any native who niay happen to pass his door,:: no matter however Litter an enemy, to cuter andeaiwithhim. Hostilities, while the meal proceeds, are at. au end. ; King Tibureiiiioa lias acomicil of old . men,- and indiiwdy absolutely cont rols the lands of his litfldldugdom, and'for certain oftenees niay; confiscate\thein.' /Different '.posses sions urcWirked by Httle pUes of \stQiies, and tlie o .vners grow so familiar with I tlieir holdings that tlicv Icnow every tree I and to "«"hom it belongs, . and not infie- ! quontly can instantly tell the vory tree j from_ which the coeoanut: conies by j its appearance. The product is to the native of the Gilbert Islands' '\vhat gold 16 to the resident of San Francisco. It is meat, drink, clothing, home- everything. Thcnutis caton green, dried, reduced to a piste and cooked. : Tlie juice of. tlie tree .makes his" toddy.'.'/ivhicli will make a native drunk and keei> him so for a" week. The sap makes sugar. The truuk builds his liome arid its Lark and1 leaves liis thatched x-oof. the mats for liis bed, his boat and his clothes. . 