A BIEB OE PASSAGEo -ox xJ. 1V1. (L'XbUii.JCirCi, CHAPTER XLI. THE POACHER'S GHOST. ' But I am constant aa the Northern Star.' {Continued.') ' Totr con loavo tho country ! You muat eleor out within twenty-four hours, and novei? ohow your faco again ia thoco pai?tos either as Joho Dillon 01? 'Darby Ohuto. And, an to tho s?GL.£i*u tioOj I ohall havo a wocd with Fothoc Fogaa ; ho will 000 to that.' 1 Voii?y wall,, Mff. Q-ilbout,' b.e ffojoiBed qciotly, ' as you plane. But I wava yoia thai; there will bo Datiooa of pooohoro m it whon I go. c Hatione ol' not, go yora aauofc, I wonder \7hc-t my unolo \7ould say i£ ho kaow I lot yoa ofi: do eheap.' 'Deed thoa, Wi-. Gilbert, Tea thinbinc I10 would just doati'oy both you &nd; mo 1 ETow soraovorj I'vo a brothor ia AiojeuicD, oud I'wo long1 laid out io go there. So it'o aofc puttiog mo much about !' 6 Arsd io Iodd ioeoLWoaiosfc than gaol! Woll, I daro say you will bo Dmai'fe oaoagh even for noffi&o; of them.' ' Shuvo, how would I bo sraorfc. that nevev had no book learning P° pvoteoted Darby coorn fully. ' Look horo, Mr. Gilbovfc, if thut'n your young lady — ond, fois, it looko like It— I aevoff oaw any ono make a woi'oe hond of ooortin' than voursolf. Soally, I'm ourpfised at yo I You at ono oido of fcho goto, ond hes.1 tho otlaop. Mioo Heloa,' now turning to hoi1, ' I tupposo yo moy as well have tbio biraoo of ^s'ouae/ psodtieiDg tho birds &OQJ; hia pookofc. 'And with eegaifd to thai!; little oocoaafc yoa woro spokia' of, and tho other ohasiRe, I'll soad i£ up tbo first thing ia tho morning, cod may bo poa won't lot od, but it was a mistake.' 'Indeed, Derby, I shall fell tbo wholo tiuth,' oriod Helen indignantly. ' You neud aot ospoct Eae to beep such a thing oeevot.' ? Wfil), I'll be ou«; oi it to-naerrov? ! no it's no great matter. Good-bye, Ms1. Gilbert ; good bye, Misa Helen. You aud I waso nove? voi?y thick, still I wish you both lack and gpeee, and th»t you may live long aud dio happy,' aad picking up his cap and gun, Mr. Da?by Ohute walked away with considerable dimity, ? Theje'a a nice ruffian for you !' exclaimed Gilbert emphatically. ? Yes ; and to think how he must have robbed uncle, and poor Dido !' ' And to think of the years ho has been poach ing the country. However, never mind him now, we have something else to talk about.' ' Bat there's the stable clock striking eight, and I nxuot go. Aad it's your dinnoe hoar at Ballyredmonci,' /Wot to-oigbfe. To-Bifthfe I don'fc wont any dinner. (Could manly dovotioa go further P) I am going to walk book with you. Thank good ziooo, fchot'o io no Mra. Ojasiey to hustlo ass away this timo.' To hio proposal the young lady ojDdo ao domur, ao protestations ; nofc ovoe when he insisted on taking hop homo by tho longest way, ap iho hi!!, out by the road, and io by 4Sao net? avonao! The wholo distance wag about throe quarf.oi-0 of a milo ; tho time ooonpiod chs?oo qaai'torc of an hour ; tho ehood, a fall hawook mr.oo, had nacu, and tho twilight had givon plcco to a Hghfi DlmoQfc ao eloap ao day. Soatod oahov^owsi dcor»ctop, oraokinfj laoi1 lifcClo &hu;° dean, Shoy dooeriod tho s Fflooy'— nod dho gdd' thom ! Tho uBospeetod oppoaranoe o£ ao ia toresfcing- looking youa(7 oouplo Dtrolliog dowa tho road wao q woleomo windfall to thio notivo Old woebgei, who instantly opraag up, aad dasfcod out, to woyloy them with Eaos? lavonablo whiao of— e Givo tho poor old reoraan tbo prioo ol a oup of toy, _yoar honour, Oh!' recognising IaiEas 'aud 'tin yoarnellc is woIcoebo hoiiaOp mo owa darling M?.- Gilbert. Give mo tho prico oil a now pottiooaf, and Shot you may £gaia the Indy' !' Io Dnar/oi' (0 (bin romantic appeal ho promptly tbrowhej.1 tho oovcr.iga that Helen had returned' and Judy (having m^&o; hes'soli acquainted rcith t ho value ot tho coio) uooompanied the 1ovo.fs to tho pfitov, ovorpoworiQg thosa tho whil@ witlii abrill benedictions. Fj'om tho follov7ing few woE'do it would appeo? ao ii tho 'Eonoy'a' good wioheo wc-ro wholly suparflaouo, and that tho lady had already Dae i'endoE-ed, ' Gco'i-nigbt,' she onid as ahe paugod half way up tho Qvonu9. ' You really must nofc come aay futfcbor,' 4 And why aot P' 'Because they know nothing, and ifc will look no otrangt5,' ehn Gtammered. 'I should like to toll them firot,' eho addod rather shyly. 6 Then I shall oomo over at oook-erow toc movrow. May I oorao to broahfaot P' ' Yss, you may. Good-night,' holding oat laes hond. 'Good-night! nod io that all P 1 am soft goiag to lot you ?ua oS lilro that, thio time lp dotdia= iag hor. ' Yoti havo forgottoa somothing,' ? Oh, of couroo ! how stupid of. ajo— tfao gL'oass to bo aiaro !s 1 No—iws tho Ri'oiaoo I' si'oplied Gilfeocfi— 'cySi© was far boldoE thaa Darby imaginad ! Two aainutoo lator Ho1gq°o oouoiaD— -V7bo Sjod boon sitting with too dfawing-rooHi ciiooe oposs9 and tho hall dooff do uonal, oagorly liatoaios to every Gound — hoard hep saoning tip tbo gravGl0 and then up the otopo. Hoe1 ohoolro woro searler, but oa tho whole, nho did aofc Icols Q9 50 she ^os Hying from a ghost! 'What a fright you havo gives uaV eriofl Dido, crashing at hop. 'Katio and I havo beea almost distracted.— You havo boon awoy aoarfy two hours.5 ' Have I really P' oho csclaiEBQcl apolo[?otieQllya 'I did not think I had booa half thafc «iaso00 The ansiotieo of her selatives had oyidoiofcly not boon oharod by Barry, wbo enfc with hio foefi upon a eh air, a paper in hio hoodj, and D loolr o£ otolid indiffaronco on hio fooo. 1 Woll, did you see Dillon P° ho cloEBondod, G0 olio eaki'cdltho dBawiap-sooro. ' Ob, yoa ! I oaw hinj/ oho L'odpraod ooi?0° losoly ; 5and here,' exhibiting tho biifdo, 'a?© 0 brooo of p;i'ougo ho gave mo !' ' I doia'i'beliovo you !' bgiogia^ dowo hio boots with a loud ban;?. 8 And thei'o'o hisbeai'd !' tonoiag ablaels objocS into Katio'o lap— who immodiately woo uith a loud shviokj, nod shook it oG as it it hod booa o rattlennoke. 1 I'll fcoll you something olQ05~Qdelii:0Q3iQg heyoslf opeeially to her couoina. ' What do yoa think P Wo made a grand diseovory fchio ovoa ing. Joho Dilloa, tho Qotorions gboofc poaohe?9 io your eceomod hien 3, Darby Oauto !' When tho ouoaing &to;?m of oselamafcionfl and qoootionQ hod sotnewhat imbnidod. Dido oaid ouddcnly, 'Bat oai'ply ha nevor oonfooaod all ?thia (0 you oiono P Who we b with yoa P Wbofc do you moan by ' we' P' Holea's cole onsaor waa 0 brilliant Hjlnefo § and, s'i'aQgo fco ouy, ihia i^eply was ouiHcioofc 2os hen: oouoia. A yeas hoa elapsed oineo Gilbovfc Liolo stood &% hio trial at tho black gato. Ho hr.a aow qu*6o Gottlod down ia tho rolo of a married moo, and spendo moot of hio time botaoon Borkahiro ond Bally I'odrxsond; Howeve?, his c?ingo have not boon too closely clipped, ?or poople who bore a striking Eesemblsnoe to him and his wife v7oro icueb ia Tangiara last winter; and they are meditating a trip to the East, and payiDg a flying visit to Dido (Dido, who is now re siding on the plains of Uindostan and learn ing the pjaotiosl use of punkahs and mosquito nets). Thanks to Helen's good offices, the course of Miss Sheridan's true love ran smoothly after ell, and sho was married with considerable ©olafc from the Lislea' house in London. Be tween that mansion end 15, Upper Cream stfeet— there ia d cloud. Helen and her rela tives exchange dignified salutes when tbey meet in public, but there the intimacy ceases. Mff. Lislo has forbidden hio wife to cross her Btsnt'o threshold (an amboi^go that is by no means iiflwomo to that young lady), oni the ?Misses Plaffc toll nil their acquaintance what an odious croaturo she is, End how once upon a time they tools hoi1 in, end kept hoc out of ohofity. And ofoio is theie regard ! NovoEElseloa?,; tho Honourable Mva G-ilboEt Lis'e doGO aot forgot old £nonds. Sho is not ©shamed to dqo tho Srmithsaa Villa vehicle steading boJcoyo hoir dtor ; and cfao Iidd sbofo than oncQ vioifcod at Mclvorn E'ouoo, and oa terteinod Mm. Kano nad doeso ol her foEaaoif papils. hovd. Liogara ban beon altogether captivated by hia datSRhtoc-in-lav7. Sho ia ©voej thing fiia hooi'fc deait'eo; yoaog, prottj, end pleasant. Ho hoo inveofcod hep uith tho gamily diamoido ! Bany end Kaiio voign at Gtoumove. Thoplaco io snacli altered, fop the better; tho old lodpoo Siava boon ovzopt Quay, tho wall io gone, (ho gates FODtovod ; tho garden ia pruned, tho yard is Eeclaimod, oad tho ont-oiSees afo roofed and filled. Katie ia happy ia hoc ov7n way. She yothee eftjosa beiaff ballied by Barey, iolaaioat to hio littlo foibles, and oho liotono to hia va'Q sloriouo peivonol romiijisceneoo with dc-ep in= terest, ond implicit faith. On oao poiafc sloaa she io aomouhat aeopfcical, viz,, that Barry could iaavo saarriod htj; eoosia, had ho ehosaa — - hst? protty coooin Holoa, who ooecoiooally driven over from Ballyradiaoacs in a ocaarfi Stan hope phGofcoOj aad saoaia perfectly safciefisd with her owq iioobcndj and who anuba Berry oa mer cilessly aa oves ! Mf. Shei'idoOt poor gentleman, hoa now bat few iuoid iafcoEvolo. Ho io at present engaged in an abooebipg aoarch for fcho elixir o£ life, sod lives io his tower olonf? with a eompenion, whoM ho teoota with the moot rovoroot raopoet and cqIIo ' AFehisaodos,' but to the outer wo?ld lie in known dg Jamoo KonEBoy— o koepoi? £eoe3 a Inaotie asylus. Biddy, ikanha to Helen's good! offices, hoo se ? . lentod at last, and permitted iiei1 nieeo Sally to bestow feop oopnblo head upon l that little eleveoQp Lofpy Flood.' Tho naojrkst cart has sonseqaoQtly boon oboliohed, aad tho Mastor'o oootspafcion (like OfchGllo'c) is goBo. Haionowcs pensionee ot Ballyi'edriiondj whore, to qisoto hio late ohorioteGP, Mp« Flood, ' bo never does a band's turD5 baseia' thiovia' ia the haggord, oud chasing oowo.5 tThe 'Fancy' ooatinaoo to floai'ichs 60 lovy , tribute, and to mako a eom£ostablo iaoomo out of her holding ofc tho Ccooo. And. aecordicg to the lost oecounto fiona Amorieo, Bazby Chuto epoeted himsoH to bo doing well. 5)HE END. 'I am siofc at all surprised that Sir George Dibbs has become insane .... in the face of this deluge of talk.' — Sir Henry Parkea at Manly. 