SYDNEY BOUDOIR GOSSIPT TBï ZABA] Tbe Agricultural Show waa daly opened bv Sir Frederick Darley on Thursday. Lady Darley and her daughters were also there, bat left Boon after taking a light lTh »nh MM. See, the President's wife. The ground looked quite feBtive with so many pretty windmills in motion and gay ^f^J^ in the breeze. The excitement of seeing so many people was quite refreshing after the doll, monotonous life we have been living lately From a social point of view, however {he scene was very disappointing ; the« were very few society ladies to be seen-so differ ¡nt from Melbourne, where the ladies don watt costumes suited for the occasion and make the exhibition a success, both socially ñdT financially. The ^ebands however were "all in it," much to our flight for they, or some of them took Mrs. M-and me round and showed us everything. Tbe fact strikes a stranger at once that the ebow was an exceedingly spa 1 one when the size of this great agricultural coun- try is taken into consideration. Certainly the exhibits are very fine as a rule, but there are not many of them. Mr. B says the re Bult is accounted for by the fact that very ex- cellent ßhows are held in the country where exhibitors obtain all the advantages they strive after, without the risk and expense of transportation to the metropolis. The cattle were very fine, some of them old warriors laden with the glory of many previous shows. I did not think much of the dogs, they were a poor lot on the -whole, although I should like to have run off with one of the beautiful collies. The fowls, however, were splendid, and as for Cooper's preserves they deserve a great deal more patronage than they appear to be getting. This i» the finest exhibit of the bind I have ever seen ; jams, jellies, and pre- served fruit are in excellent condition oía lovely color. Naturally the jumping and driving excited a great amount of enthusiasm, but after looking at a girl (I dare not say of how many stone), got up as nearly like a man as she could make herself drive round in a dog cart, I thought the natural animal would be more amusing to look at, so went on to the pigs. Professsor Bichard is causing a certain amount of excitement just now with hie mar- vellous electric cures. We went on his opening night and saw him make the blind to see, the lame to walk, and the deaf to hear. I will not say too much about his results with the deaf and blind, although there is no doubt that he gave them some relief; but a paralysed man, who was almost carried on the stage, walked off by himself. The Professor would not even allow him to use his stick. A rheumatic case then was helped on the platform by two men, and after a very short treatment ne not only walked up and down the stage aB fast as he could, but ran back to his seat in the hall. I spoke to this man, and he assured me that not for £1000 could be have mounted that stage alone, and if you had seen the way he shook the Pro fessor's hand and beard his hearty words of thanks you would not have doubted the genuineness of his feelings. AU these cases had been recommended by well known citizens, and those who had been treated were invited to attend the Professor's private place, to go through a course of six treatments. There is some doubt expressed abont the lasting results of this treatment. All I know is that my friend Mr. 0. saw the paralytic at the Show on the following day, and he was then walking with only the help of his small stick. Notwithstanding the henvy rain on Sunday night, the afternoon of Monday was almost perfect for the races. An immense and very well dressed erowd attended, and as the weather was cold the new winter far« were most acceptable, and the ladies looked supremely happy enveloped in their cozy depths. Captain Davis, of the " Eoyalist," invited a few friends to luncheon with him on Sunday laBt, and as his cabin is full of most lovely souvenirs from all parts of the world, and be himself a most perfect host, it is not surpris- ing that we enjoyed ourselves immensely, although for my part I must say I enjoyed a frolic with his beautiful white Solomon Island cat, and his cunning little fox terrier, more than anything else. Lady Darley has issued invitations for a garden patty for the lllb, but this all the excitement on at Government House at pre- sent. A small dance comes off to-night in N-eds' Rooms, given by some of the men-of war officers, of which I shall have the pleasure of writing in my next. One of the saddest experiences I have ever had was a visit a few days ago to the convict hulk Success. TbiB old Bhip, built more than a hundred years ago, has been taken out of the sea, whore she has lain for years hiding her awful memories from human sight. She was long ago one of the fleet of "ocean hells," as they were then called, in which the worst of the convict prisoners were incarcerated dar- ing a time when the increase of crime and the influx of the criminal population from our neighbouring islands overflowed the then existing gaols of Victoria. Twice this old hulk Bank to the bottom of the sea, aB if de- termined to obliterate herself and the asso- ciations connected with her; but on both occasions the god of speculation forced her to the surface again, and there she stands with her weather-worn face telling us too plainly that she belongs to another nge than onrs. Looking at our fair country to-day, BO full of peace and prosperity, it is difficult for her to realise that once from her deck the cruel jingle of the felon's irons sounded acroBB the water, and between her strong wooden walls sha contained the essence of all the rascaldom and villainy of the southern hemisphere. Within this floating gaol one finds many evidences of its awful career, and what heartrending tales the cells could tell were they able to speak. A guide showed us round, pointing out to a curiuus crowd the awful blackness of the refractory cells, where never a ray of light is allowed to enter, and where men were doomed to pass hours, and even days, chained down by the wrists to a ling bolt, in such a way that they could neither lie down nor stand np. The story told by one who still remembers the awful horrors of this time seems too dreadful to be fully realised. Hundreds of menin prison garb, manacled from ankle to wrist, clean- shaven and cropped hair, must have presented a most repulsive sight. There is nothing? but evi- dences of horror to be felt and seen going over this old prison, and I felt the air was full of convict ghosts, hammering at their doors, yelling like maniacs and groaning under the weight of their chains. Dante's " Inferno" is nothing to the impression coo-1 veyed by thia old hulk. And there she ia, brought once again to light by an enter- prising company, who intend fitting har np securely to make the tour of the world. It ia no wonder that many of na wish that ehe will not live through the first ocean storm she encounters, bat that, ghosts and all, ßhe will sink down, down, in the great sea, never to rise agaia. Sy.inoy, April G, 1803. 