TAMW0RTH LETTER. The Quarterly meeting is now a thing of history. The roll of membership showed a considerable gain during the quarter. When all the members residing in the Manilla Circuit, which up to the previous quarterly meeting formed part of this circuit, were removed from the roll, it was found that our increase on the quarter brought the members well up to the former figure. This was cause of gratitude and thankfulness to to Him who ' giveth the increase.' The Balance Sheet showed a debit balance on the quarter of some ^18. When the commer cial depression on one side is remembered, and on the other, that there were several extra items of expenditure which occur only once a year, we are glad the deficiency was not more. Still it means too much to be pleasant. Our policy is current income to meet current expenditure. In 'this there is honor and prosperity, and this we mean to have if possible. ? Very encouraging reports were presented from our Sunday schools, which are in good working order, well attended, and doing excellent service. Our Bands of Hope also are flourishing. * The Chairman laid before the meeting a communication from the Convener of the Conference Temperance Committee, re Cir cuit Temperance Committee, as per resolu tion of last Conference. It was considered such a step was wise, and much good was likely to result from its adoption. The fol lowing gentlemen were chosen : — Messrs. J. Denning, Jas. Piper, J.P , T. Turton, W. B. Walters, and M. E. Wickner. In the hands of these brethren the cause of tem perance in this Circuit will be able soon to give a good account of itself. #n * Our lady friends are once more coming to the front, or rather, perhaps, I should say, proving again how well qualified they are to be the van-guard of the Church, for, are they not always to the front ? This time they are 'determined to deal a death blow to an enemy of our progress, in the shape of a very old Circuit debt which has been troubling our officials for years. Vigorous preparations are being made to bury it before the close of the year. The success which has attended their efforts so far, and the hearty manner in which the matter has been taken up, point to a successful issue. * # # The outlook of our Church generally is inspiring. The congregations are improv ing, and tbe power of the Lord is often prssent to wound and to comfort. Several members of our Tamworth congregation are musicians, and they have given their assistance on the Wednesday evenings to make the services attractive to lovers of music. One result is greatly enlarged con gregations. Should the increase continue at the present rate — and we hope it will— our week evening attendance will soon be equal to our best Sunday congregations. May Grod crown all our efforts with ' the Holy Ghost and fire sent down from Heaven.' 