CRUMBS. Goldfinld at Angipena. Tom Flay ford has a big swallow. Tom Piayford baa a big contract. Kingston as she apostle of despatch, "Friend Bartletbaagriculturalland." Kingston saying soft words to flomburg. Who) one wins it is easy to Ira forgiving. Ith little use to expect ohivalry in politics. Kingston didn't begin his atonement well. Look ont for stormB, politioal and otherwise Tan-dan-yer. The native name of Ade laide. Mr. Kingston was ever strong and able in omoe. Ministry sitting night and day on the polioy. The lash of the Premier's tongue is greatly feared. Cleverness, taot, and judgment well repre sented. We may now. almost expect oil and milk to mingle. What hac beoome of those ashes. Mr. Viator Cohen7 Betrayers always prefer to do dirty work qniokly. The new Ministry will find it advisable not to crow. Wbat is the matter with the Australian Eleven? June 21, shortest day here and longest in England. . \- Kingston always bad great ihflnenoe over Piayford. • Mr. Kingston can, if he likes, make an exemplary Minister. June 18—Anniversary of the Register and the Battle of Waterloo. No one will deny that Kingston is about the ablest man in Parliament. The current number of The Pietoriat -Ave- ■ trattan is &n; excellent one. ' Area under vines in tbe oolony, 16,418 acres; vines in bearing, 4,206,680. Even politioians should pey some regard to. the eternal fitness of things. Mr. Kingston trusting to his great abilities to pull him through all right. - ManyBuiteof armour wornin the fourteenth century weighed 176 lb. eaoh. Mr. Harry will have to reoonitruot the proverb— Fox popuif, voxdei. How Kingston would have stormed had he been treated in a like manner. One tree in the tropical belt of Mexico will yield as many as 5,000 oranges. Kingston, Holder, Oookburn, and Gordon were all born in the year 1S50. The growth of the Register has kept well apace with the advance of the oolony. That ugly preoedent will ever be regarded by many as a blot on the colony's history. Mr._ Thomas Harry walked into the lion's den with "Some Failures of Democracy." Thnce armed Is he who hath his quarrel juet,' But ten times armed Is he who gets bis blow in fust. In a few more days the plebeian brown will purchase the aristocratic Sydney Morning Herald. Commissioner Russell will soon be on the war path. Laud and income tax defaulters look out. There is no need to offer titles to induce men to enter Parliament now there is payment of members. . Sir George Dibbs thinks it about time that New South Welshmen got away from Govern ment pap. Register's natal day last Sunday, the first number having been printed in London on June 18,1836. The Premier and Treasurer opposed to one another on Saturday—barr&oking; for different football teame. In tbe near future the Crumbman would not bs surprised to see Kingston and Baker in the same Ministry. If the motto "Let the dead past bury its dead" were literally applied no offender would get his deserts. Ward goes to Parliament in tbe spirit of the missionary who sacrifices himself for the sake of the heathen. A Jamestown man writeBLeigh's Creek ooal is a grate comfort every way." And he's not even a O. M. G. The number of British made boots shipped from London to Adelaideduriug 1892amounted to 15,416 dozen pairs. Mr. Piayford ie twenty-one years older than Mr. Giilen, and thirteen years older than the j other members of the Ministry. I On June 26 the prioe of the Sydney Morning Herald will be rednoed to one penny. Imita tion is tbe sinoerest form of Battery. Dr. Oookburn and Mr. Gordon were born in Scotland, Piayford in London, Kingston, Giilen, and Holder in South Australia. The running of the blockers trains has materially assisted to settle tbe 20S families now resident on the blooks near Aid gate. With univeisal suffrage and the referendum Kingston wouldn't have a show for tbe Pre miership. That's the Orumbman's opinion. Cteaias said there was a race of people who I used their ears to sleep in. Those ears must have been lik6 a politioal oonscienoe—very ex pansive. i It was exactly a year on June 21 since the | first Holder Ministry met the Parliament, and thus formally entered upon its short and in glorious career. I The Archbishop, when seasick, was willing that a Baptist minister should read his prayers for him. "One touch of nature makes the whole world kin." Mr. Kingston might have gone to another authority than Sbakepeare. " What thou doest do quiokly," was the advice followed by the champion betrayer. Kingston, were he a true Democrat, would refuse to be Premier, for be knows that the majority of the electors don't want him to be the chief lawmaker. It would be better for people to die young than enter Parliament and get upon the | Treasury Benobes in the way some did.—Rev. J. Haelamat Kent Town. Ie ib not rather out of place to present .a bride with a hot-water kettle? Wives are generally oredited with keeping their husbands, m hot water without a kettle. The knowledge that a man baa a sharp tongue and unlimited audacity often averts from him the oonsequenoes- with which milder B en would be promptly punished. The oewapepers of the globe* according to 'he latest computation, number 83,000. About une in every ten of these say a Search Light has " the largest circulation in the world." The Christian World saya that there are about 5,000 Nonconformist places of worship in Wales in whioh the services are conducted in Welsh, attended by 975,000 worshippers. As Lord High Commissioner in Scotland some years ago, St. Giles, Norwixid, would remind His Exoellenoy of earlier times in the grand old Scotoh Cathedral in Anld Reekie. Teaoher—1"In what part of the Bible is it taught that a man should have only one wife?" Little Boy—"I should say ith the part that says, "No man oan serve two masters." "Anything is fair in South Australian politics, and legislators in South Australia have not self-respect enough to oars who leads them as Prime Minister. Is that a taunt to be tamely listened to? * Clerk of Yongala DistriotTJonnoil announoea that in view of the dull times the colony is likely to experienoe during the ensuing year he will forego the £15 increase to his salary made two years ago. Patriotic^ The Pnblio Library and the reading-room in the Institute Building will be open till 6 p.m. on Tuesday, June 20. - The Mugeum and the art gallery, in the'Exhibition Building, will be open during the usual hours on that day. " Simpleton" thinks that if the promoters of "New Australia"can manufacture men and women to run in one groove for three soars years and ten the oommanistto settlement "may succeed, but with average human nature never. . . . "Enthusiasts,"says Goethe, "after they have oome to know the world, and have been deceived bv the world, are apt to become deceivers themselves." Wonder how many of our politicians have passed through thu experience. "Rose. Cottage, a historio building, now occupied by Chinamen, appeared to be no better nor worse than Ust year, but at its best it ia a wreck, and ought to be condemned. The rent is 18s. a week. It is worth about 5s." A Scotch member of the British House of Commons described the two millions voted for a special expedition as a " mere flea bite in the ocean," and later on asserted that "the pale faoe of the English Boldier was the baokbone of the British Army in India." " It was usual in bis school days when one boy was to fight another, for the proposing pugilist to say something to the effect ' Put up your wings, Billy.' The Parliament had not told the Ministry with whioh be was asso ciated to pnt up their wings."—Mr. Copley. " It makes my blood boil to hear a woman or a man running bis neighbour down to the lowest beoause of some trumpery little qnsrrel among them. I shall expose this growing habit as long as I have life in my body, and with tbe help of God endeavour to stamp out the pest." —Archbishop Reynolds. Mr. Ballingtou Booth, tv e Chicago Tribune says, has received several offers of laud in tbe West for the establishment of a colony, in pur suance of his intention to adopt the Darkest England scheme in America. But he desires to oommenoe operations on a farm near New York. This farm will probably be in New Jemey. Lord Chief Justice Coleridge declares that Judges are " weary with calling attention to drink as the principal cause of crime," and he announces that he "can keep no terms with a vice that fills our gaols, destroys the oomfort of homes and the peace of families, and debases and brutalizes the people of the British islands." Experiments show the German rifle to be the most meroiful weapon in use in European armies, while the Lebel rifle, used by tbe French in Dahomey, makes a very ragged wound. The new English magazine rifle seems to be the orueleBt of tbe three, as its • bullet smashes bones and tears flesh at a diBtanoeof 1,000 yards. Here is Madame Blavatsky's list of ghosts Peris, deoB, digins, sylvans, satyrs, fauns, elves, dwarfs, trolls, norns, nisses, kobolds, brownies, necks, stromkarls, undines, nixies, salamanders, goblinB, banshees, kelpies, pixieB, moss people, good people, good neighbours, vyild women, men of peace, white ladies, and many more. Most of them are expecting a good time at Nortb- terrace. 'Verbabieb.—" Britons never, never, never shall be slaves." Noble refrain that. So thought tbe barons assembled at Runnymede near Wind ior, June 19,1215, and who extorted from King John bis signature to tbe Magna Charta. Profuse of bliss, and pregnant with delight You know John bad deprived bia nephew Arthur of the throne to whioh he was heir, oonfined him in .prison at Rouen, was himself | deprived of all his lands in Normandy, quarrelled with Pope Innocent III, was ex communioated by that haughty eoolesiastio, ! resisted his authority for a time, and at length ! made a hearty meal of bumble pie. Meanwhile bis tyranny exoited nearly the whole body of hissubjeotstorobellion. Theory from John o' Gauut's house to the Land'a End was "We will nob have this man to reign over us." Appalled at the yawning gulf towards which his subjeotB were urging him, the craven monarch met tbe English barons by appoint ment, and of bis own free will and choice attached the signatnre they , bod extorted from him to the document they had prepared seouring non-liability to irregular taxation, and providing that "the freemen, merchants, and villains should be safe from all bat legally imposed penalties." Hnrrab 1 