Literary Hews, Notas, Etc. Micawber has always been accepted as a drawing by Dickens of his own father. Mr. Percy Fitzgerald has come upon an old letter by Dickens the elder, in which he makes a Micawber-like application to the novelist's publishers for a small loan. He owes them £é, and will they be so good as to take a bill for £20, giving him the difference, IOBS in- terest in cash. 34 Edwards-street, Portman-square, l-l February (sic), 1837. Gentlemen,-It has occurred to mo that at a moment of som» difficulty jou may be willing to ex- tend to me your obliging assistance. If not incon- venient, or inconsistent with your arrangements will you do me the favour to deduct the Four Pounds I owe you from the enclosed Bill for ¿620 due 7th April, with fore shillings, the amount of the interest, and let mt have the balance, £15 ISs P Do not suppose I ask this on any other footing than that of an act of obligation conferred on ino, and I assure you, though small in amount, its effects to me are matters of grave consideration, because anything that should occasion my absence from my duties in the Gallery would be prodw.tivc of fatal effects. You may consider it an intrusion that I should apply to you in a momtnt of difficulty : and I feel it to be BO j but, recollecting how your interests aro bound up with those of my son, I flatter myself if you can confer a favour upon the father without transgressing any rule that you have laid down, anil without inconvenience, you may feel disposed to do so. I do not enhance it when I say that the favour, though small in amount, yet under the circum- stances would be signal obligation conferred on, Gentlemen, your obliged and obedient servant, JOHN DICKENS. Messrs. Chapman and Hall. " Pond as we are of Dickens curios," adds Mr. Fitzgerald, " I doubt if there could be fonnd any more quaintly attractive than this letter of Mioawber- Dickens. As it hangs framed it seems to have a sort of vitality, to have flesh and blood. We hear the rolling accents and flourishes, the appeals and explanations to Traddles and Copper- field. ' That bill, Sir, will not le met,'' has a new significance. , At St. Petersburg the flower farce so often played in opera-houses reached a culminating point of absurdity. The occasion was the production of " Iolanda," and during a scene in which only two perBons were on the stage, one blind and the other bound, the conductor tried in vain to hoist up a huge basket of flowers in the shape of a wheelbarrow. The tenor, having his arms tied, could not assist, and the soprano, being deprived of sight, could not, without violation of dramatic pro- priety, have any knowledge of the dilemma. So there was a deadlock till a person came on and released the gentleman's arms. In an article in the Sunday Magazine on Farnham Castle, which is connected with the see of Winchester, an idea is given of the quantity of work the bishop (Dr. Thorold) has to do. Here is a summary of his engage- ments for 1892 down to the middle of Decem- ber:-Letters received, over 9000; letters written, over 5000 (the other 4000 may have been dealt with by the chaplain or otherwise). Sermons preaohed, 67 ; confirmation services, 77; committees, 31; public meetings, 30; addresses, 111 ; churches consecrated, 4 ; church-yards, 5 ; church openings, 1 ; ordina- tion, 1 ; formal interviews, 172. Nor is all this work done amidst the comparative repose of Farnham. " Just before Christmas," the Bishop said during an interview, " I was away for seven weeks in the diocese, and during that time I slept in 22 different rooms, I always preach every Sunday if I can, often in the villages round about, and a good deal at Farnham." " A bag full of wind bloijn by the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost" is one of the priceless relics possessed by the monks of Debra Bizen (Church of the Vision) in Abyssinia. Mr. J. Theodore Bent (whose work an Moshonaland appeared lately) waa told of it when visiting Debra Bizen, but not shown it. It ia kept in a holy of holiep, which even kings may not enter. Mr. Bent waa accompanied by his wife in his Abyssinian tour. Themonastery of Bizen ia on the top of a mountain 7000ft. high. Wheu Mr. and Mrs. Bent reached the top the monks made a great ado on seeing that the party included a woman. The sight gave them a shook. " We were prepared (writes Mr. Bent in the Illustrated London ¿Tews of April 8) for opposition if my wife attempted to enter the holy precincts, but never for a moment dreamt that she would not he allowed to come near the place. In vain we expostulated and pleaded fatigue, in vain we said we wera English and determined to hold our ground ; the monks sat around weeping, and exclaim- ing, ' Bettor for us to die than to permit a woman to stay here.' They dried their moist eyes with their long white skirts, and thereby they gained the day. Seeing their genuine distress, my wife's pity was worked upon, and she permitted her objectionable and weary person to be removed about a quarter of a mile away, where the rocks prevented her eyes from looking upon the sacred spot." The Abyssinians adopted Christianity at a very early period in the history of the Christian Church, before the Pope carne to be recognised as supreme head. Sir John Lubbock, in some reminiscences he has lately given in London, warns authors that the most innocently meant statements may sometimes bring vengeance or threats of vengeance upon them. In one of hie works, he discussed the subject of kissing as a mark of affection, stating that kissing waa not an instinct innate in man, and that there were some races, such aa the negroes, who did not kiss. As a result of this statement, which he thought was hardly calculated to wound the feelings of anyone, he received a letter from a negro in San-Domingo, couched in tho most truculent terms, and concluding with a regret that the writer was not near enough to drink bis heart's blood. What ia the Teredo navalis, and what is its mode of honeycombing the pitea supporting piers and the woodwork of old ships P There are only a few Australian timbers, like jarrah and red-gum, that are too hard for it. Dr. Andrew Wilson, in the Illustrated London Nexos, describes the animal :-" The teredo is a mollusc, and from its general appearance receives the name of ' ship-worm.' This is because its ' body' consists in greater part of the breathing tubes or syphons which form ita means of communication with the outer world | as it lies in its burrow, The burrow 's exca [ vated usually in wood by means of the shells. The young teredo begins in a small way, no doubt; excavates, by the rotatory motion of its sharp shells, a small burrow, and therein, ensconces itself. As time passes and as growth proceeds the burrow is enlarged, the long syphons occupying the main part of the tunnel, and bringing in water and food to the animal, while they also get rid of the effete water which has been used up in the breath- ing process. It is this burrowing habit which rendered the teredo of old what Linn atas called it-calamitas navinm-but, now that ships are mostly made of iron, the teredo's proclivities are somewhat checked in respect of damage to vessels, although, as Sir Henry Manee and Mr. Preece show, the molluscs have acquired a liking for telegraph cables." 