Another Utopia. A MAD SCHEME. TO FOUND A 'NEW AUSTRALIA'' IN SOUTH AMERICA. (BY "AUSTRALIAN TRADES UNIONIST.") "Whom the Gods would destroy they first make mad," is an ancient adage which would seem to have peculiar application to a strange scheme now on foot among Australian trades unionists to establish a labor colony in South America. The proposal is one of the most extraordinary ever put forward for the acceptance of sensible men, and forcibly calls to mind the "Adventures of Tartarin of Tarascon," wherein that most delightful of French romancists, Alphonse Daudet, scathingly satirises the inception and failure of the villainously absurd project of the notorious Marquis de Ray for colonising the island of New Britain. As propounded by its pro- moters this new scheme looks very much like an attempt TO REVENGE DEFEATED TRADES UNIONISM upon Government and society by bringing about a wholesale exodus of the best elements of the Australian wage-earners to the Argentine Republic, and inducing them to invest the small savings of many industrious and thrifty years in an enter- prise which is foredoomed to failure. Owing to the cautious, not to say secret, way in which the promoters have gone to work, it is difficult to come at the precise nature of their proposal, which they have sought to dignify by dubbing it with the grandiloquent name of the "NEW AUSTRALIA CO-OPERATIVE SETTLEMENT ASSOCIATION," whatever that may mean. Sufficient, how- ever, is known about this so called coopera- tive association to warrant its condemnation. Briefly and crudely stated, it consists of a proposal to acquire, by means of the savings of Australian trades unionists, some 500,000 acres of land from the Govern- ment of the Argentine Republic (whether as freehold or on lease is not stated) and to settle on this land, in the form of a commune or co-operative commonwealth, all who have contributed towards a com- mon fund. It is not, as its name and origin would imply, a generous attempt to relieve the existing distress among Austra- lian workers— mainly due to the recent badly-conducted and abortive strikes — but a deliberate attempt on the part of a few to persuade well-to-do trades unionists to separate themselves from their less for- tunate fellows by "scooting" out of the country and leaving their unfortunate comrades in the lurch. The scheme, more over, partakes as much of capitalistic combination as anything of the kind can possibly do. In the first place, none but those who have money are to be allowed to become citizens of this delightfully Utopian "New Australia." THE POOR AND NEEDY ARE SHUT OUT from all participation in the social sal- vation which it is to bring about. Every member of the "New Australia Co-operative Settlement Association" must be a capi- talist to the extent of £60 sterling, the minimum absolutely absolutely fixed, which he must be prepared to throw into the common fund, with everything else he possesses, the sole exception being his personal effects. To accommodate those who may not be able to raise the minimum sum of £60 cash all at once the promoters have most considerately decided to admit to the prospective advantages of their scheme all who are able to make a first deposit of £10, and willing to subscribe the re- maining £50 as soon as may be afterwards. As a matter of course, the scheme is forti- fied by a most portentous array of strict rules and regulations in order that intend- ing subscribers may be sure that ALL IS FAIR AND SQUARE AND ABOVE BOARD, But in this, as in all similar cases subjected to the test of actual experience, the value of these elaborate rules and regulations for guaranteeing the interests of the subscri- bers, and insuring the success of the enter- prise, can only be gauged after they have been actually in operation. True it is that there is a provision under which a sub- scriber may withdraw his first £10 deposit, should he, after making it, desire to withdraw from participation in the scheme. So far as can be seen at present, this particular provision is the only wise and prudent proviso in the whole scheme and it is the object of this article to induce all intending subscribers to reflect well before taking any step which may subse- quently make them desirous of availing themselves of this prudent withdrawal pro- vision. WHO ARE THE REAL PROMOTERS of this strange proposal for expatriating well-to-do Australians from the comfort and security assured to them under society as it exists here, to the uncertainty and risks of a far off turbulent bankrupt South American state ? This is a question which the public have a right to ask, and which trades unionists, above all others, are most interested in having answered. As already observed, it is difficult to obtain full and reliable particulars about this project, owing to the peculiar reticence displayed by those who are promoting it. The prime mover in the business is be- lieved to be an American Socialist, who, for some time, was editor of a now defunct newspaper in Brisbane, and subsequently one of the founders and for some time editor of a weekly Labor journal published under the auspices of the Queensland unions. This person is reputed to be a journalist and is said to be a capable Labor organiser, possessing no small share of the proverbial smartness which is supposed to characterise the typical Yankee. While editing the Labor journal in question, he did his best to boom the "New Australia" scheme among the simple members of the Queensland bush unions ; and since he relin- quished the editorship he has been indefatigable in his efforts to popularise and promote the scheme BY MEANS OF A PERSONAL PROPAGANDUM. With this end in view he has been making a tour on horseback through Northern Queensland, visiting all the chief stations and camps where miners and shearers most do congregate, and pushing his scheme and enrolling intending members. More recently he has made a similar tour through the north-western and south-western districts of New South Wales, riding down the Barwon, the Darling, and Murray rirers, and visiting the chief stations .all the way along. He is said to have given a glowing report of his efforts to induce Australians to expa- triate themselves to Argentina, and to have received from many people practical guarantees of their desire to go into voluntary exile. However this may be, his success does not seem to have been sufficiently pronounced to float the scheme by the semi-secret methods which he has thought fit to employ, because he appears at the 11th hour to have been com- pelled to seek the open co-operation of others. For instance, two or three weeks ago a Mr. Mooney was found advocating this "New Australia" project at Cooma; and only last week a Mr. McNaught was reported to have been in Albury on the same mission. The appearance of these two persons would seem to involve a contradiction and to require explanation. Mr. Mooney is a leading member and a PROMINENT OFFICIAL OP THE SHEARERS' UNION, having his headquarters at Wagga, and Mr. McNaught is a leading light among the single-taxers, and a member of the central committee of the Labor Electoral League. Now, as regards Mr. Mooney, it would be desirable to know whether he, as a paid and trusted official of the Shearers' Union, is advocating the "New Australia" scheme officially or unofficially, with or without the knowledge and consent of the Shearers' Union ? It must not be forgotten that this same Mr. Mooney was one of the most enthusiastic organisers of the great Mari- time Strike, and one of the busiest members of the Labor Defence Committee. He it was who figured in one of the great pro- cessions in emblematic shearer's costume, on horseback, bearing aloft a banner emblazoned with the hopeful, not to say boastful, legend, "Seamen, stand firm ; the shearers are with you, with £100,000, behind them !" It is difficult to believe that this imposing figure of heroic fighting unionism is that of the same Mr. Mooney who only a few weeks ago was instigating shearers and others, at Cooma, to give up the fight for Labor rights in Australia by scooting but of the country to Argen- tina. HAS MR. MOONEY GIVEN UP THE GHOST ? If so, what a sad and fatal falling off is there ! What a contrast is not his attitude with that of his valiant chief, Mr. W. G. Spence, the President of the Shearers' Union, who, so far from endorsing and encouraging the cowardly policy of throw- ing up the sponge and scuttling off to South America, was only recently in Sydney endeavoring to rally the defeated and disorganised ranks of Labor under the banner of New Unionism, the aims and objects of which he so ably and clearly defined in the course of an interview published in the Evening News as recently as November 27 last ? Mr. Spence would settle the workers on the broad surplus acres of Australia, on a co-operative basis. Mr. Mooney and the other advocates of the "New Australia" project would do something similar, only they would go to a foreign country many thousand miles off to do it. Mr. Spence proposes to grapple with the unemployed difficulty, to help the poor and needy, and organise the penniless. Mr. Mooney and his coadjutors would leave the unemployed and the poor and the needy to shift for themselves. Only those who are possessed of a capital of £60 can par- ticipate in the untold blessings of the terrestrial paradise of the "New Australia," to be founded among the degraded Spanish half breeds of a rowdy, partially bankrupt, South American state. 'WHO REPRESENTS THE SHEARERS ? Mooney or Spence ? Which of the two men represents the real men and the true principles of Australian trades unionism ? The question answers itself. As regards Mr. McNaught, who has so unaccountably budded forth as an advocate of this "New Australia," it is difficult to believe that he represents the large and respectable body of single-taxers, or the members of the Labor Electoral League, in regard to this mad project, any more than does Mr. Mooney the shearers, or the general body of trades unionists. It is barely a month ago that Mr. McNaught stood on the platform of the Protestant Hall, in Sydney, with Mr. W. G. Spence, and advocated the settlement of the people on the vacant State lands in agricul- tural communities, or what is known as village settlements. Yet all of a sudden — a few days after — we find him rushing off to Albury, and literally "turning his back upon him- self" by advocating the scuttling policy of this "New Australia" notion. Was ever such a miraculous metamorphosis so suddenly effected since the cause of Labor has been muddled by s. multiplicity of leaders ! Whatever may be thought of Mr. McNaught's consistency and reliability as an economic prophet and social saviour, it must be admitted that, so far, he is the only individual, if we except Mr. Mooney, who has condescended to take the public into his confidence by communicating any thing concerning this South American Uto- pia. What he knows about it — presuming that he knows anything at all definite or accurate — he knows only as second hand, and, therefore, his statements must be taken cum grano salis, and a very big pinch of salt at that Mr. Peter McNaught is reported to have stated at Albury that "there are now fully 700. members of the new venture fully paid up." This means that already the promoters have at their command, for the purposes of their scheme, A CAPITAL OF £42,000, a statement, however, which the public will be justified in doubting until some thing more is known of the origin of the information upon which it is based. In any case, such a sum would be inadequate for the accomplishment of the gigantic undertaking of transporting 28,000 persons, presumably all or the majority of them adults, from Australia to South America, and settling them on the soil somewhere in the — to them — unknown country of the Argentine Republic. This is what the promoters of the scheme must undertake and carry out before they can acquire the 450,000 acres, which it is said have been conditionally promised them by the Argen- tine Government. Forty-two thousand pounds would not suffice for a similar pur- pose in New South Wales, and so far from sufficing for the transport from this coun- try, and settlement on the soil in Argen- tina, of a colony of 28,000 persons, IT WOULD NOT SUFFICE FOR 500 PERSONS, among whom £42,000 would only divide £84 apiece, a sum altogether insufficient, especially if the emigrant to this "New Australia" has a wife and child or children. This tract of country in Argen- tina, on which the promoters of "New Australia" are to settle 28,000 Australian citizens, is said to be somewhere on the Rio Negro River, and, according to Mr. McNaught, to have been approved for the purpose intended by two delegates sent there to inspect It is further stated that the first batch of emigrants will be dis- patched in March next ; and, if they find "all serene," another contingent will speedily follow. But supposing they don't find all serene, what then ? Will they be brought back and recouped their losses, and, if so, by whom ? These are considerations that should give serious pause to all those who have foolishly allowed themselves to become enamored of this wild and visionary scheme. Do they know whither they are going, and among whom they are going ? Nine out of ten of them most de- cidedly do not Therefore it is just as well that they should be apprised beforehand. The Argentine Republic is one of the many mushroom republics of South America which have suddenly sprung into existence out of social disorder and political revolution, with all the attendant horrors of bloodshed and proscription which have disgraced that part of the world during the last 60 years. The Government, which is by no means the worst of its kind in South America, is A SPECIES OP DEMOCRATIC TYRANNY, controlled by a political junta, alternately sustained and overthrown by armed fili- busters. Law and order are but transient blessings, life and property are only partially secured, because Govern- ment is really too unstable to permanency assert itself. The powers that be to-day are liable to be over- thrown by the powers that are to be to morrow. To-day a tinpot political dictator may be uppermost, to-morrow a third-rate guerilla chief. Nothing in the political, social, and commercial life of these South American states is safe — in the Australian sense of the word. Their political institu- tions, though copied from the United States, have no stability about them, and so far from safeguarding personal freedom and public liberty they are the playthings of adventurers. The country is but sparsely settled, and but partially opened up ; rail- roads are few, and the ordinary roads bad ; while commerce and agriculture, owing to lack of credit which is due to the instability of Government, and a depreciated currency, and the repudiation of public debts to the extent of many millions — this deplorable state of affairs is due chiefly to THE DEGRADED CHARACTER OF THE POPULATION, which consists mainly of an ignorant, vicious, lazy, superstitious Spanish half- caste race, with a powerful strain of the Portuguese and Italian plainly visible everywhere. When they are not acting under the excitement of a pronunciamiento and suffering the oppression of a temporary poli- tical dictator, they are servile by submitting to the degrading dominance of a bigoted and reactionary priesthood. The sanitary conditions of Buenos Ayres, the capital, and of other towns are so bad that when the yellow fever breaks out, as it does with startling frequency, the whole country is devastated by the plague, the capital and to whs becoming mere agglomerations of lazar houses, and HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS ARE CARRIED OFF suddenly by the terrible pestilence. It is to such a condition of things, it is to such multiplied public dangers and personal risks, that the promoters of "New Australia" would transfer those who confide in them and believe in the possibility of their fanciful scheme, From the midst of stable institutions, guaranteeing freedom and security to life and property, and a larger measure of in- dividual liberty than is to be found any where else in the world, thrifty and thriving Australians are invited to emi- grate from this rich, young, and rapidly developing country, to a turbulent, half bankrupt, South American state ! Why the proposal, on the very face of it, is pre- posterous, and the means by which it is proposed to accomplish it are, if possible, still more preposterous. Is it not a fact that the Jewish colony established in the Argentine Republic by Baron Hirsch has already proved a failure ? Yet what THAT MIGHTY MILLIONAIRE COULD NOT DO with his many millions, it is sought by some mysterious visionaries to make be- lieve can be done by them with a few thousand pounds scraped together from the thrifty savings of Australian shearers and miners ! The scheme, if it ever takes prac- tical shape, must collapse at the very out- set. Should the first contingent of the proposed colony of "New Australia" ever reach Argentina, it will, within three months, come to naught, and smash up in ruin and confusion. Cast away as they would be in a foreign country many thousands of miles away from all succor and counsel, sur- rounded by a people to whom they would be aliens in race, language, religion, laws, manners, and customs, they would speedily find to their bitter sorrow, when it was too late, that they had jumped out of the frying-pan into the fire with a direful vengeance. Apart from the economic and administrative difficulties which tend to entail failure of the scheme, the state of society and system of government in Ar- gentina would inevitably prevent its success. If it is feasible at all, it could be better applied and worked out in Australia than anywhere else in the world. Argentina is the last place on the fact of the globe where it would have a reasonable chance of even a fair trial. Therefore, it behoves those who have it in contemplation to throw in their lot with this "New Australia" scheme to think, well before irretrievably committing them- selves to it. The scheme is one conceived and promoted by A FEW DISAPPOINTED MEN, who, after promoting trouble and disunion among the workers here and misleading them to defeat and disgrace, now, in a spirit of revenge, would deprive Australia of some of her very best citizen's by beguiling them from their friends and countrymen, and the peace and security assured by their country's constitution and laws, thousands of miles away into one of the worst governed and most insecure countries on the face of the earth, and all for what ? To participate in one of the wildest of all the hair-brained schemes ever concocted in the brain of man. 