%&k;$ and JOtctchtf. [ilX EIGHTS EEEBVED.] 'THE DAY WILL COME.1' BtSLE. BRADEON. Author of '? Lady Andley's Secret,' ' Vixen,' 'Ishmael,' 'like and Unlite,' 'The Fatal Three,' kc Chapter V. \- Poor little life that toddles half an lioar, Croraed with a flower or two, and Lbere an end ? ' Sir Godfrey's devices for diverting his wife's mind from the morbid fancies of the previous night answered admirably. She left Dor chester in high spirits, alter having invited her cousins to Cheriton for tennis and lunch on the following day, and after having bade an affectionate good-bye to Theodore, who was to start on his holidays directly lie could make an end of some important basiness now in. hand. HI' father told him laughingly that he might have gone a week earlier bad he really wanted to go. 'I believe there must be some attraction for yon in Dorchester, thongh I am not clever enough to find out what it is,' said -Mr. Dal brook innocently, ?' for you have been talking about going away for the last fortnight, and yet yon don't go.' LadyOirmichael had lingered in the homely old boose rill afternoon tea, telling her cousins all they -wanted to know about smart society in London, that one central spot of bright white light in the dull, grey mass of the bnsy, commonplace world, which she knew so well and of which they knew so little, Janet and Sophia professed to be above caring for these things, except from a purely philosophical point of view, as they cared for ants, bees, and wasps ; bat they listened eagerly all the same, with occasional expressions of wonder that human beings could be so trivial **lTive hundred pounds spent in flowers at Lady Drumlock's ball, 'cried Sophy, ' and to think that in a few more million years the son may be aa cold as the North Pole* and what trace will there be then of all this bntterfly world?' ** Did the Mountains cat a- tremendous dash this season ?' asked Janet, frivolously curious about their immediate neighbours, county people who went to London for the season. 41 Of course yon know she had thirty thousand pounds left her by an uncle quite lately. And she is so utterly without brains that I daresay she spent it all in entertainments.' *? Oil, they aid entertain a good deal, and they did their best, poor things, and people went to them,' Juanita answered with a deprecating air ; ' bat still I should hardly like to say that they ore in society. In the first place she has never, succeeded in getting the Prince at any of her dances ; p-'d in the next place her parties h»vc & clond of pro vincial dulness upon titem against which it is in vain to struggle. He can never forget his constituents and bis doty to his borough, and that kind of thing does not answer, if one wants to give really nice parties. Fm afraid her legacy won't do her nrach good, poor soul, unless she gets some clever person to show her how to spend it. There is a kind of society iustinct, don't yon know, and ehe is without it. I believe the people who give good parties are born, not mode — like poets and orators.' Sir Godfrey looked down at her, smiling at her juvenile arrogance, which to his mind, was more bewitching than gnothffr woumn's ?* We mean to show them the way, next year, if we take a house in town,' he said. ?* But we are not going to hare a house in town,' answered Juanita quickly. ' Why, Godfrey, yen know I have done away with all that kind of frivolity. We can go to Victoria-street in May, and stay with our people there jnat long enough to see all the pictures, and hear some good music, and just tub shoulders with the friends we like at half a dozen parties, and then we will go back to onr nest at Priory. Do you think, that I am Like Lady Mountain, and vrant to waste my life upon the society-struggle, when I have you *' It was nearly six crclock when they left ConibilL It was more than half'past seven when they drew near Cheriton, and the sun was Betting behind the irregular line of hflU towards Stndland. They approached the Manor by one of the most picturesque lanes in the district, a lane sunk between high banks, rugged and rocky, and with here there above the roadway, while the gnarled and twisted roots spread over the rough shelving ground, and seemed to hold up the meadow land upon the higher level ; a d*rk, isecret Lookiaz luxe it most have seemed, on a moon less night, sank so deeply between those earth walls, and overshadowed by those gigantic trunks of interlacing branches ; but in this mellow evening tight, it was a place in which to linger. - There was a right of way through Cheriton Chase, and this sunk Lane was the uvourite approach. A bread carriage -drive mossed the Chase and Park, skirted the great elm avenue that led to the h«ose, and swept roand by a wide semi-circle to the great iron gates which opened on the high road from Wareham. The steep gable ends of an old English cottage rose amidst the trees, on the upper ground jost outside the gate at the eud of the lane. It was a veritable old English cottage, ?park-like meadow tor more than two hundred jyetrs, end had known but little change .Anriprr these two centuries. It was a good ?deal lUrger than the generality ot lodges, and lit differed from other lodges as it Blood out ride the gate instead of inside, and on a bigher level than the ruail ; but it was a fodge all the tame, and the duly of the per son* who lived in it was to open the gate of Cheriton Chase to all comers, provided they came in eadii vehicles as were privileged to enjoy the right of way. There was a line drawn somewhere ; perhaps at coal waggons or tradesmen's carts ; but for the generality of vehicles the carriage road across Cheriton Chase was free. A rosy-faced girl of about sixteen came tripping; down the stone steps built into the hank as the carriage approach td, and was curtseying at the open gate in time for Sir Godfrey to drive through without slackening the pace. He gave her a friendly nod as he passed ' Does Mrs. Porter never condescend to open the gate herself 1' he asked Jiunita. ' Seldom for anyoue except my father. I I think she makes a point of doing it for him, though I believe he would much rather she didn't. You mustn't sneer at her, Godfrey. She is a very unassuming person, and very grateful for her comfortable position here, though she has known better days, poor sonL' ' That is always such a vague expression. What were the better days like !' 'She is a widow of a captain— in the mercantile marine, I think it is called — a man who was almost a gentleman. She was left very poor, and my father, who knew her husband, gave her the lodge to take care of, and a tiny, tiny pension — net so much as 1 spend upon gloves, I'm afraid ; and she has lived here contentedly and gratefully for the last ten years. It must be a sadly dull life, for she is an intellectual woman, too refined, to associate with upper servants and village tradespeople ; so she has on one to talk to — literally no one ? except when the Vicar, or any of us call upon her. Bat that is not the worst, poor thing,' pursued Juanita, drop ping her voice to a subdued and sorrowful tone, ** she had a great trouble some years ago. You remember, don't you, Godfrey 1' ' I blush to say that Mrs. Porter's trouble has escaped my memory.' '* Oh, you have been so much away ; you would hardly hear, perhaps. She had an only daughter — her only child indeed a very hand some girl, whom she adored : and Che girl went wrong somehow, and disappeared. I never heard the circumstances. I was not supposed to know, but I know she vanished suddenly, and that there was a good deal of fuss with mother and the servants, and the vicar ; and Mrs. Porter's hair began to whiten from that time, and people who had not cared much for her before were so sorry that they grew quite fond of her.*' 'It is a common story enough,' said Godfrey. ' What could a handsome girl do — except go wrong — in sneh a Life as that ? Did she open Uic gate while she was here ?' 'Only for my father, I believe. Mrs. tarter haa always contrived to keep a girl in a pinafore, like that girl yon saw just now. All the girls come fmm the same family, or have done for the lost six or seven years. As soon as the eirl grows oat of pinafores ehe goes off to some better service, and a. younger sister drops into her place-' ** And her pinafores, I suppose,'1 ' Mrs. Porter's girls always do well. She out of the raw material.' ' A clever woman, no doubt ; very clever, to have secured a lodge-beeper's berth with out being obliged, to open the gate ; a woman wbo knows how to take core of herself. ' ' You ought not to disparage her, Godfrey. The poor thing has knotra so much trouble — think of what it was to lose the daughter she loved — and in such a way — worse than death.'1 *'I don't know about that. Death means the end. A loving mother might rather keep the sinner than lose the saint, and the sinner may waah herself clean and become a saint — after the order of Mary Magdalen. If this Mrs. Porter had been really devoted to her daughter she would have followed her and brought her back to the fold. She would not be here, lead ing a life of genteel idleness in that picturesque old cottage while the lost sheep is still astray in the wilderness.** ' You are very hard upon her. Godfrey.' 14 1 am hard upon all shams and pretences. I have not spoken to Mrs. Porter above half a dozen timec in my life — she never opens the gate for me you. know — but I have a fixed impression that she is a hypocrite — a harmless hypocrite, perhaps — one of those women whose chief object in life is to stand well with the Vicar of her parish.' They were at the hall door by this time, and it was a quarter to eight. 14 Let cis sit in the drawing-room thiseveciDg, Godfrey,' said Joanita, as she ran off to dress for dinner, 'The library would give me the horrors after last night'. ' My capricious oue. You will be tired of be surprised if you ordered me to sit ou the housetop. We might rig up a tent for after noon tea. between two chimney stacks. ' Juanita made a rapid toilet, and appeared veiled in a dcud of softest lace, just as the clocks were striking eight. She was all gaiety to-night, just as she had l-eeu all morbid apprehension last night ; and they went to the drawing-room after dinner — together, for it was not to be supposed that Sir Godfrey would linger over a solitary glass of claret — she flew to the grand piano and began to play Tito Mattel's famous waltz, which seemed Lhe most consummate expression of joyousaess possible to her. The brilliant music filled the atmosphere with gaiety, while the face of the player, turned to her huslutnd as she pUy«d, barwonUed with the H«bi hearted melody. The drawing-room w-ls as frivolously pretty as the library was soberly grand- It was Ljtdy Cberiton's taste which haul ruled here, and the room wis a kind of reeori of her ladyship's travels. She had bought pretty her faucy, and had brought them home to her CberitoD drawing- room. Thus the walls were hung with Algerian embroideries on damask or satin, and decorated with Rhodian pottery. The furniture was a mixture of old French and old Italian. The Dresden tea cervices and ivory statuettes, and eu{to -ti monU: vases, and Copenhagen figures, had been picked up all over the Continent, without any regard t their combined uffeci ; but there were so many things that the ultimate result was delight all the room being spacious enough to now everything without the slightest appearance of over-crowding. The piano Mood in a ceutr-l position, and was draped with a Japanese robe of state— a mass of raiubow-lmud embroidery on a ground of violet satin almost covered with gold thread. It was the most gorgeons fabric (Sodfrey Cannichael had ever seen, and it made the piano a spot of vivid parti -coloared light, amidst the more subdued colouring of the room— the silvery silken curtains, tho delicate Indian muslin draperies, and the dull tawny plush coverings of sofas and chairs. The room was lighted only by clusters of wax candled and a reading lamp on a small table near one of the windows. ' '*« * '^ that wherever Sir (Joiifrey spent his evening, there must always be a reading table anil lamp ready for biin. He showed no eagerness for his oooks yet an-iiu, but seemed completely happy lolling at full length on a sofa near the piano listening and watching as Juanita played. She played more of Mattel's brilliant music— another iraltz — iUi arrangement of Xon e Ver —and then began one of Chopin's wildest mazurkas, which she pliyed with an audacious self-a.uindonineiic that was almost genius. Godfrey listened rapturously, delighted with the music tor its own sake, but even more delighted for the gladness which it eypresacd. She stopped at last, breathless, after Men delssohn's Capriccio. Godfrey had risen from the sofa a-iid u-as standing by her side. 'I'm afraid I must have tired you to death,' she said, 'but I had a strange sort of feeling that I most go on playing. That music was a safery valve for my high spirits.' ' My darling, I am so glad to see that you have done with imaginary wo*js. *i\ e tnay have real troublesof some kind to face byand bye, perhaps, as we go down toe mil, so it would be very foolish to abandoo ourselves to fancied sorrows while we are on the top.' ** Real trouble — yes— sickness, anxiety, the fear of parting,' said Joauita in a troubled voice. ' Oh, Godfrey, if we were to give half our fortune to the poor — if we were to make some great sacrifice— do you think God would spare us snch pangs as these— the fear — the horrible fear of being parted from each other ? ' *' My Nearest, we cannot make a l-argain with Provideucc We um only do our duty, and hope for the best.' ** At any r*te let us be very — very «rood to the poor,' urged Juanita, with intense earnestness; 'let us have their prayers at least.' The night was warm and still, and the wiadows were all open to the terrace. Godfrey and Joanita took their coffee in their favourite corner by the magnolia tree, and sat there for a. long time in the soft light of the stars, talking the old sweet talk «f their ** We must drive to Swauage and see Lad7 ' Don't you think it was very wrong to go to see my people — only cousins after all — before *?* She will co trie to ns, dear, directly we give her permission. I know she is dying to ' How lovely she looked at the wedding, in her pale grey gown and bonnet. I love her almost as well as I love my own dear, good, indulgent mother, and I think she is the most perfect lady I ever met.' ' I don't think you'll fiod her much like the typical mother-in-law, at any rate,' replied Godfrey gaily. They decided ou driving to Swanage next morning. They would go in the laudaa, and bring the 'mother' back with them for a day or two, if shccould be persuaded to come. Jnanita stifled a yawn presently, and seemed somewhat Ian pa id after her sleepless night. and long day of talk and vivacity. ' I arn getting very stupid company,' she said. ' I'll eoto bedeirly tonicht, Godfrey, and leave you an hourrs quiet with * Wider Horizons.' I know you are Longing to go on with that Look, hut your chatterbox wife won't let you.' Of course fce protested that her society was worth more than all the books in the British Museum. He offered to take his book up to her room and read her to sleep, if she liked ; but Bhe would not have it no. and your books, just as if you were still a bachelor,' she said, caressingly, as shell ting upon his shoulder for a. goodnight kiss. *' As for me, I am utterly tired out. Janet and Sophy talked me to death ; and then there was the long drive home. I shall be as fresh oft to dear Lady Jane. ** He went into the hall with her, and to the top of the stairs for the privilege ot' carrying her candlestick, and he only left her at the end of the corridor out of which her room opened. She did not tins for her maid, prefcrrin' solitude to that young person's attendance. She did not want to be worried wit-h elaborate hair brushing; or ceremonies of any kind. SUe was thoroughly exhausted with the alternation of emotiou of which her life had been made up of late, aud she fell atjlcep almost aa soon as her hyad louchcti her pillow. Her LleL look from the open casement had shown her tlie reflection of the lights below on the terrace, ^he was near enough to have spoken out of the window to her husband, had she been so minded. She could picture him sitting at tlie table at the corner window, in his thoughtful attitude, head bent over hit, book, one knee drawn up nearly to ins chin, one arm hanging loosely across the arm of his low easy chair. She had watched him thus many a time, completely ahsorbed in ui* book. She dlept as tcauqailly as a.n infant, aud her dreatn -wanderings were all in pleasant I places ; with him, always with him ; confused I after the manner of all dreams, ma vnw ™ ^Cafwas^U dream about being wid. him .t Woolwich where t*ey «« £J»S » tagg™ -a curious dream? She had been there once ''sSrstarted iTp from her pillow cold and awakened her. She was wide awake now, and pushed back her loose hair from her eyes and felt under her pfflou- for her watch, and looked at U in the dim lightof the nigbt-lainp on the table by her bed. ' A quarter to one. _ She had left the drawing-room afew minutes after ten. It was long for Godfrey to have sat reading alone ; bat he was insati able when he had a new book that interested She got up and put on her slippers and dressinS-owE, prepared to take him to task forhisLTe hourk She was not alarmed by her dream, bnt the sound of that sharp report was still in her ears as she lighted ber caudle and went down into the silent house. She opened the drawing-room door, and looked across to the spot where she expected to see her husband fcittiug. His chair was empty. The lamp was burning just as she had left it hours ago, burning with a steady light under the green porcelain shade, but he was not there. Puzzled, and with a touch of fear, she went dlowiy across the room to his chair. He had strayed out on the terrace perhaps — he had gone out for a final smoke. She would steal after him in her loug white gown, and f righ i ten hini if she could. ' He ought at least to take me for a ghost,' she thought. . t .'..-; t She stopped transfixed with a -sudden horror. He was lying .on the carpet »t her feet in a huddled heap, just as he had rolled out of bis chair. His head was Inmt forward between his shoulders, his face was hidden. She tried to lift his head, hanging over him, calling to him in passionate entreaty ; aiid* behold, her hands and arm were drowned in blood. His blood splashed her white peig noir. It was all over her. She seemed to be steeped In it, «s ehe sat on the floor trying to get a look at his face to see if hid wound was mortal For some moments she had no other thought— than to sit there in her horror, re and of love, beseeching him to answer her. Then gradually came the conviction of bis unconsciousness, and of the need of help. He was badly hurt— dangerously hurt— but it mi^ht not be mortaL Help must be got. He must be cured somehow. She could not believe that he was to die. She rushed to the bell, and rang again and again an-i again, hardly taking her finger from the little ivory knob, Usteniog as the ski ill electric peal vibrated through the silent house. It seemed an age before there was any response, and then three servants came hurrying in — the butler, and one of the foot men, and a scared housemaid. They saw her standing there, tall and white, dabbled with blood. '* Someoue has been trying to murder him,' she cried, ' Didn't you hear a gun ?** No, no one had heard anything till they heard the bclL The two men lifted Sir Godfrey from the floor to the sofa, and did all they could do to staunch that deadly wound in his neck, from which the blood was still pouring — a bullet tvonnd. Lamoert, t he butler, was afraid that the bullet had pierced the jugular vein. If there vm lifp ctill if \ra«s nnlu oliliinrr life. Juanita flung herself on the ground beside that prostrate form and kissed the un conscious lips, and the cold brow, and those pallid cheeks ; kissed and cried over him, and repeated again and again that the wound was ''Is anyone going for the doctor?' she cried frantically. 'Are you all going io stand still and see him die?' Lambert assured her that Thomas was gone to the stable to wake the men, and despatch a mounted messenger for Mr. Dalby, the family doctor. ** He might have helped us more if he had run there himself,' cried Juanita. 'There will be time lost in waking the men, and saddling a horse. I could go there faster.' She looked at the door as if she had half resolved to rush off to the village in uer dress ing gown and slippers. And tben sbe looked fipuu at that marble face, and again fell upon her knees by the sofa, and laid her cheek agaiust that bloodless cheek, and moaned and cried over him ; while the Iiutler went to get brandy, with but little hope in bis mind of any useful result. *' What an end to a. hoacymoow '.' he said to himself despondently. 