Humour: If there were no offices there would be no politics. A husband at home is worth two in a saloon. Champagne is an engaging beverage, the corks pop so pleasantly. We ask for justice, and what do we get ? Justice ! Self-conceit always puffs us np so that oar eyes go shut. It sometimes takes an entire lifetime to pay for one folly. All the world would be good if it did not cost too much trouble. What is the name of the people who come after us? Mr. Hardup (without passing in his reading)— Collectors. Passenger — ' I say, conductor, there's an old gentleman fallen off the 'bus.' Conduc- tor— ' That's all right, he's paid his fare.' He—' Now, I admit that I am no angel ' — She—' No ? So that was not what papa meant when he said you were something of a high-flyer.' The man who went on the police force to cure insomnia should join the medical frater nity to avert the cholera. The Groom (very wealthy) — Why did you marry an ordinary chap like me? The Bride— I haven't the slightest idea ; mamma managed the whole affair. A Vacation in Town— Attalie— ' Did Chollie Bohrman enjoy his vaoation at the seaside ?' Amelie— ' I don't know, but his friends in town did.' A Real Gallant — Mother — So you wish my daughter for your wife ? He (gallantly) —Partly that, madam, and partly that you may be my mother-in-law. Hojack— Skid more is a very valuable man. Tomdik— In what way? Hojack— His teeth are filled with gold, and his system is permeated with bichloride. Eugene (passionately) ' Oh, my be- loved ! For thee I am prepared to sacrifice everything— honor, titles, fortune, fortune — ' Sweet Seventeen (in utter dismay) : Then what will there be left for me ?' — Penelope — ' Pshaw ! He hasn't any brains.' Perdita (angrily)—' Perhaps you don't know that he ia going to marry me ?' Penelope — ' Oh, yes ; that's about all I know about him, in fact.' Mamma— 'Didn't I tell you not to take any more preserves out of the closet ?' John ny — ' Yes'm.' Mamma — If you wanted some why didn't you ask me for some? Johnny— 'Because I wanted some.' A Happy Outlook— Newly Made Bride- Mamma says she does not think we will ever quarrel as she, and papa do. Groom- Never, dearest. Newly Made Bride— No ; she says you will be much easier to manage than papa was.— Harper's Bazar. Advice on the subject of ghost seeing given by a hardened skeptic to a young friend. ' My dear boy, if a ghost comes in at the door, take a pistol ; it he comes up through the floor, take a pill.' Put the right kind of a good man in any community and he will soon make every mean man among his neighbors feel as- hamed of himself . Mrs. Dix— What is it the sign of to have the family cat howl outside at night ? Dix — Of a death in the family— if a man is a good shot.— Frank Leslie's Weekly. ' What do you mean by thrashing your boy without provocation ?' ' Well, you see, a busy man like me mast discipline his children when he happens to have time.'— Fliegende Blatter. 