AOTA POPTJLI. By the Flaneub, Wanted, a good, re-Zie-able, high-sounding elec tioneering party cry. One which has a religious feeling running through it, and at the same time meana real business, aa the bloodthirsty old farmer aaid when he pasted up hia notice — ' To trespassers — prepare for eternity!'' If anyone has such an article on hand to-day Sir Henry Parkea will be much obliged by the loan of it, for he is sadly in need ol! something 0' the kind jast at present. His address to the electors of Worth Sydney the other night proved that he ia fairly gravelled for some excuse to icaise a rumpus and scramble back to power. For the fiisfc time since he has represented St. Leonards he made no allusion whatever to that beautiful bridge which he has been promising to build for the laat half-century ; in fact, for once iu his life, he left himself out of the programme entirely, and confined hia remarks to fairy tales and fables, more or lejs absurd. He couldn't allude to his ' breadlea3 'ome,' of course, for someone recently stole 25 fat turkeys out of his yard, thereby revealing the fact that our Gtandoleman has been running a poultry farm of late and living on the fat of the land in general. But he Kas no earthly show oE capsizing the Dibbs Ministry unless he can raise a rattling party cry, as usual, aad in retura for such a cry he will gladly hand over all the rest ok hia geese and ' gobblers.' It is wonderful what a good electioneering cry will do when skilfully worded and properly voiced; in fact thera are times when even a senseless shout raised on the spur of the momant will turn the ihsue of a contest. Proof of this occurred in Montreal when a loud-voiced candidate was ad dressing a meeting of coloured electors. ' What we want, gentlemen,' shouted this gabster, as he thumped the table fiercely,, ' is no arbitrary tariff, but & well-digested system of ad valorem duties.' Jasfc at thafc moment a little niggar boy, a waiter at an adj fining hash-house, strolled into the room carrying a tin tea-tray under one arm. Now, the negroe3 have a nice car for musical sounds, and the fiae roll of the words ad valorem caught the young d-irky's attention at once. 'Ad valorem!15 he repeated, aoftl? tapping the tea tray. ' Ad valorem ! Ad valorem ! Ad Valorem. !' he continued in a sapid crescendo, aa he banged his tray louder and louder, until at l&9t the whole aasembly caught the cry and thundered out 'Ad Valorem ! Bully for ola Ad Valorem ; wall pub Mm in.' And they did too ; although thev hadn't the ghost of an idea whether ad valorem was a man, or a new brand of patent medicine. Jawbone Neild seems to be badly in waut of some seat-saving shout too, for in his wild despair he baa had to resurrect the Tel low Pup's weary old wheeze, 'The Je suits must: go !' But the Jesuita lived and flourished when Jawbone's ancestors were climb ing up trees naked after nnto, and they will con tinue to flourish when all the Neilds in Christen dom are forgotten. According to John Caasius the Jesuits are to blame for every ilLthis world haa known (including the deluge and the failure of the N.8.W. Court boased by Mr. Neild at the Adelaide Exhibition), but still the Jeauits have one consolation left— they are not responoible for the disastrous presence in oue midat of tae man with the Bteam jaw and the spiked 'mustivy.' Ergo, all their other sins must be forgiven. John Jawbone ran against a very bad snag in the shape of Mr. Heydon's letter defending that moat laudable institution the Society of Si. Vincent de Paul. So far aa the Society is con cerned it needa no defence, but when a cruel attempt waa made to crush God's suffering poor, even in their present desperate straits, it was time that someone rose and squelched the brutal bi&otry; and mean, self- seeking spirit that could itiBtigato such an infamous attack. Just there, however, the matter should drop, for controversy equalizes wiBe men and foe Is— and the fools know it. They have jast sense enough for that, and they trade on it whenever an opportunity offers. Besides, charity ia an unknown quantity in an Orange Lodge, the members of which have about as much idea of liberality of sentiment ao a Malay pirate has of the Pontateuch. Everyone should be able to see through Mr. Neild's mean electioneering dodge, however, for ' ? -it don't want ranch gumption to pick out a flaw. Ia a party whose strength mainly rests in Ms jaw.' Concerning our Glorious Twelfth of July shivoos, they have now sunk beneath contempt. The only man of any note at the last reunion was John Jannery Davies, and, to his credit be it said, John took a back seat and hid his face in his Coonanbara hat during the whole of the ridicu lous proceedings. ' Poor Mr. Abigail,' aa the wirepullers now call him, was absent owing to a pressure of other business, and not a soul on the platform had enough influence outside of his own miserable kennel to even get himself kicked by the Soudan donkey. By the way, it rn$y iaterest the Boyne blather erf to know that ' A Plain Proteotant'— not a 'Jesuitical Eoman,' writing to an exchange, says—' It seems to me that thia annual glorifioa tion of a defunct man (King 'William) is neither according to the Bible nor the Christian religion. I went to an Orangeman's house some time ago, and on the wall we.3 one of these hideously painted pictures, all green and red and yellow, of King William. Underneath were some Jine3 of poetry, and I was chocked to read words that were positively blasphemous, because they spoke of this dead king in a way that I think should only be used of our blessed Lord.' Ia the Man with the Waxed Mustivy listening ? If ao, how does he plead to this well founded charge of idolatry ? Has he one of those hideous all green and red and yellow atrocities hanging ever his bed, as every loyal Orangeman should, and does he piously murmur as he crawls between the blankets after a hard night's debate— ' Now I lay me down to rest, Safe on good old Billy's breast ' ? Further on 'A Plain Protestant' gets in a Bounding polthogue on the pate of the Bev. Mr. Mad Madgwick, and clerics of his class, for he truly sayg — '-, It looks like a degradation for a clergyman, on whom holy hands have been placed at ordination, that they should submit to earemoiies and rites administered by ignorant aad often irreligious men. If clergymen do be come Orangemen they are generally the least' in .ability, learning or position. None of the higher clergy in any denomination belong to the Orange, faction.' Bear in mind, Brother Jawbone, that theae thinga are not written by an artful Jesuit, but by one who claitrs to be a sterling Protestant, and who warns all to ' beware of the Orange popery, which ia as bad as Romish popery.' It would be interesting to hear the Paddington prater's reply to tha above, and doubly interest ing to the poor benighted Papists to learn why it is that the leading lights of the Protestant faith here, and all the world over, in fact, keep as far from an Orange Lodge as they would from a cholera-stricken street or a loathsome pe3t-hou3e. At the last Sydney shivoo one apeaker deel-ued that every true Protestant should be a true Orangeman. If that is correct Jawbone should give the Jesuits a rest and endeavour to convert Primate Smith, Dean Cowper, tha Eev?. Kemmi--, Tres?, and thousands of other ' plain Protest ants,' who, to their credit be it said, so persis tently keep aloof from tho bigotry and senseless tomfoolery of oue '?' Glorious Twelfth ' reaaicn3. Our Wesleyan brethren seem to require con version also, for at Auburn they have started ructions over the formation of a ' Young People's Association.' The President, the Eev. Mr. Middleton, sent circulars to the Congregational and Baptist ministers and also to the Eev. Mr. Colvin, incumbent oil the parish, to back the Young People up with their presence. The Baptist minister joyfully agreed, but Incumbent Colvin threw a whole tank o£ cold water on what he termed 'the asaociation which some friends (not the Ohureh oC Christ) propose starting for young people.' Mr. Colvin doeo not believe in ' undenominational organizations/' as they ' simply amount to a confesaion of failure on the part of Christ's Church — tho true guardian of the young.' And the President severely said— ' Ms. Colvin's letter speaks for itself.' This shows that even doctors of divinity differ at times, but the gem of Mr. Colvin'a letter is contained in the last sentence, which says — ' My own firm conviction is that instead of multiplying ssets and institutions of this sort, we ought t) strive to lessen them, and aim at a united Chriaten dom $ for is not the Christian world, outside the Churoh o£' England, a Bad spectacle when you count the secta ?' That sad sigh for the Christian world ' outside tha Church of England' is distinctly precious, and places Mr. Colvin'a flock on a level with the party of religious land-grabbers who once met and passed three resolutions, namely :— ' 1. Thafc this meeting is oi opinion that the earth is the Lord's, 2. That the Lord hia given the earth as a heritage to Hia saints. 3, That we are the saints.'* Carried unanimously. To-day Brother Colvin'a fold contains ell tho saved sheep. Everyone oufc« side is a lost goat or a member of a 'Young People's Asaociation.' Those 'young people' of assorted seses will raise another reformation if our dissenting friends are not careful; particularly if the female people are allowed to preach aa some of them are doing* Apropos to which, Ds. Smith, the learned aad liberal Glasgow divine, once addressed a large meeting on '* Intemperance,' and he was followed by a Miss Clugston, who &-an a sort of? ' Echo Farm,' or '' Reporters' Eeat.' As the i&dly; was matching to the front to spe-3,k che touched! Dff . Smith and said :—-f Oh, Doctor, this in a dreadful thing for me to do, is it not ? You remember what St. Paul says about women speaking ia public.' ' Oh, don't trouble abont St. Paul,' said the cheery cleric. ' He must have Sound lumps in his porridge, oe something eloa put .hiia in bad humour when ho wi'ofce whafc you refer to.' It was this same Ds.'. Smith who waa rounded on by an old lady member of his fold for espials ing that the bed referred £0 ia the SdripfcuKil line : ' Toke up thy bed and walk/3 wco merely the usual Oriental mat or rug, easily taken tap aad carded off. le Binne ye tell me that,' protested the ancient dame stoutly ; ' the bed tho puis* man lay on was a regular auld four- poster. Why, ma,a aleeve, there would be noe miracle at a' ia walk in' ofx wi' a wee bit of a mat op rugo Gan? aa* crack yer jokes wi' some one else.' f==- ? :—. ? : ? - ? . , 1 ...... ,-n 