the mystery of karina DONIMiRSA. Ci!Ain-jt I. first lltno that auy one ia Horonco .iTritr saw the name cf Donmrireka was afternoon in February, 1878, at br-o jf Mme.de Montri-u. A loiter were b«ndod 5!arlame by a MtirtUims fvottnan woo nwaittd order like trax figuf-- Maitnmu wa« iu tmr anion »ur- jfld by » few intIine»-bomo fascinatii-g UiM nctl 'i- wfwy geiitlemon to b - | , |D,t--d. After glucciug at tho car«l 1". fr0 tos'd it to hor c.otisln, IiUolllo do 1\. 1'fftly itotu-', f» ft ee panr ihou « i Jiejttd ths letter, which xvat from a dis- ufit aud iIiatiog!4f',bo I iiorjiiniutnaco In Mo«- x It wan a jo ft- htter of introduction VrAtioff tho »i-t«r Ka'hi-ritid and Karioa iT.ntmirka. " otl1 «u»Uaos of tbo rarest ililnincnt', Mlu. KfUherliio being at lino a tuiii't a- h'r "'Le writer -cemtnecs thi-tn lo MnJamo'a considerate iurotKKi and present his cordial ealuta- pair of prodiglM— how charming!" iic'aimtd Madame do Jlontileu, after read- ;cg thu nb"1 alowil- " A veritable novulty fcrmf n-ccptioQ next week. Who brought jLe Liter-" she uskod tho footmao, who was Ml! :\ young lady. She is iu tho reception- foh—pbo calls at once," observed Madame. " Quite iincouvoiitioaal, hut excnsablu, I cud- to-c. with iittlsfi. Show hor to tho ksion." 'I he ecrvaot withdrew and htx roiura wae itaiseJ «ith some surlorlty. After a fow niuui-i" Mllo Donlm'ireka" woe announced, the p?rticr«> was drawn nsldo and a young vtfl eoteri-d blone and rathor timidly. £bebad left her hat and mantle in tho ante- ro>..-n, vbieh proceeding was as quaintly un- fOflituilcn il km tho call itself. If rho had d,t8 ibis for edost it wo.s certaiuiy well ui.tiDid, for her appeoronco an she stood be- tors tho nght And orlght nilk draperies at tho iy/r wa« surprising— in fact, startling. lU-r gtanvTM bta-ik. her hair wan black and her black. In oontmit to tbi, tho Hoh cf htriaTeand hands waa white nmi tee a- a Hiy- S!io wore bor haivy lutlr with- »ut cu-'l «»r wave, parted in tho middle and irawo 'ovfculy over the brow book to tho napo cf the nv-.k, whKro it wun hold in a Grecian (oil. U-r gown was of satin and fitted to ftrfesi.on, i"it wan absolutely devoid of tcm-i.itg. Mile- Uonlmir«4A advanced to- wii-i the hoi-tti-, who oro-o and grootod jf»'i Fn-och, which languago tho girlepoko lla- .tiy. , " ArtUts nro always most wolnonio In our Uro," Madame averred with much gracious- After her visitor was scaled, and they had ficbatufrdu lew general and courteous ro- n,arkn thououveres'tloubocamo more personal. « Will vou appear in Florenoo pro- fetricnally '"Vre. Madamn, that is the object of oar 1 Ml to Italy. My sister fn still singing in i'.B-iis, but I cume on in advanue to prepare the way, an It wire, for her coming." Those v.nriv A-ere np jki n with a pleasant smile and »& air of com! ''Ib-ii I uiJ-r we sea before us tho E'scbto. 'situvetoi M. do Fayette ("l.uoille's tf-NiU'l." an he was geoorauy designated lu " Ye. Altms'isur," she roplled, without any farllinr comment. 41 Will your sister soon follow you F" en quired .Maanino, who had quiokly noir.od on to tho plan of having this pair of prodigies at ler reception. 44 Ob, yts. I oxptcthcr in a few days." 44 If eku in aoy way resembles hor sinter, ira vital! bo vory happy to make hor w«l- w®V' nretifted tiie hostuns cordially. Mlln. Roainiir>k.i nmilcd iituiLicdly ou hearing this, ltd tbcu explained 44 In that c««e Kariua's veleomo Is ai- nrc-i. for wo r«:otnblr eauh other very much. My »i-tt-r ».nd I aro twins, you know." 44 Ob, indojd, how iuiorenting l" they sll exclaimed. Mmo. do Moutrluu was do- lighted. 44 You dear cbild and lo think you aro both 10 pified, how charming ittnuA bo to see and btkrvou together," 14 'Veil, I don't know about that. Knriua does sing wonderfully, hut I only play.' " But huw don Mile. Katherineulay? May C not have un opportunity of judging J" aguiu ingsttd 5f . do ! uyette. "LVruiiily, if you wish ft. "What shall I play!" was tho prompt reply, and tho ira- EiKlittely went to tho piano. "lb you know tho Ithapsody f" arkod ono comfUcent dowegi-r in luuguid, ariatooraUo ,4Ycs. Madamn, I know sovorat ; which ocodo y«u wi«h i'' 4'0b, of ucuree I racwin Lbzt's. Mvdsngliter pttyjU," alto answered with a tolf-satiafiwd ''But I.i»zt ha oomposed fifteen, rliap- wdiis." A tho Dowugcr etomod unablo to »ik« her rcqu«t more definite, Alwe. do rayelfb spoko up. "Ob. do gtvo u« Grleg'a spring tone. It is lutoa favorite of minn, although, of conreo, it is ouly a trlflo. I heard I'laute at his lost jctiMrt uirly lllng it from his fingers liku a leather. This Ust aouteoco was addressed mora to the room than the pianist, and oouvoyed fie impression that Mmo. do Fayolto know tioctly how tho piece should bo rendered. But thoy soon forgot 1'lauto and overything te. Mllo. Uoyimirska's playing was so bsAadful that hor listonore were carried twsy. Bho seemed tob« dasoribiug rather tUii pcrfortoiog this idyllio song of tprlng. rslat and faraway as an ovrning'jiuphyr iretho first loucs which glidu from til« right bind. Thoy tremble nod vibrato like, put tor- leg loaves— a inov-.-ment which oootiuuos tbroQahout tho first part, while ooustuntly vesying In thu must weird and fantastio bar- Dooiea. Rut this is only an aocompant- twattotho toodur, beU- liku melody waluh tbe K-ft baud carries. While by no means elow in tempo, thoro is Ttt something languorous and amorous about tfcu melody, and it is borno upon tho acuom- linitueat like tho pcrfumn of flowers upon Uiabfc-zo. 'J'hu second part is more sombro -a rift ot olonds aoross thu inoun, u louch of tbilhicsH to tho otmosphoro. Rut it is soon cvtr, aud tbo muliow hrightuosi again bursts forth more glorious than before. The melody I now uppermost, aud fs light and fanoifu u BMiutnur. Tho broezo has subitided, there is only a shadowy aocoropanimoat iu t!»o left Unit ami overything lecrai white and still, lb wlolo piuoo is ethoreal as a vUlon. Scarcely Lad tiie last tone-wavo subsided hcn a short, thick-set, oquare-faocd, tiuoly dttssod man apprarod at tho portiere. 44 Ah J It isa ledv ! Bravo 1 Uravo ! I Ws applaud tho ladles." This woe said with a smile whioh was supposod to bo gkllsnt.i1 Ron jour, mosdames and tnachero Us kistrd Mmo, do Montrieu's jewelled Borers, and til! tliingaindicutod that ho was a tsmiHur guest of this salon. Krery ono greeted hinisniiliouly, . "Wo hardly dared hopo to seo Count 4 Omar to-day, but yon see. blessed are they »w expect uothiog I " exolafmcd bU hostoas tnghUy, 44 Hut what Is this I hear on entering— jusical music InBtood of tho islost gossip I Qnite an innuvstlco, to be sure." " Ob, yon— allow mo to present fyou to to Mllo. Donlinirsku.': - Mile. Dunlmlreku bowed from her place at tbs pisoo. A atraugo pallor bad crosed her focewhen tho Count outcrod, and thero curuo fobtr fooon look of doflnoco. M. do Fayette Iv an it was osusud by tieCount'a first flippsnt romurk, whloli so pUriugly revealed bis luck of WQsical appro- t-stioa. " Always happy t) meet a tanslrlao," af- tno»d the Conat on ho acknowledged tho in- bwontlon. Can't you give usaometbfng ere, Modcmolselto, somotbing gay and lively Rood, reusing vatie P Do you play any " Oh, yes, Monsieur ; I can rfvo you a More, and before there waa time for another "mark or question she turned to tbo lostru- and played a prelude of twelve weird "riio.Qinu notes like the strokes of a boll, itea alio loaned forward with more tonsiou tod began to jerk and suatoh from tho piano ftragged, rattling vnlso theme, angular and ipwmodio in character. '' Le dlablo 1 What do you call that pleool" Used tho Count, in ou aside, oi Mmo. do "yttte. " VoQrexolsmstien is apropoi," was tho JtodY response. » It is tho Usuoo of tt/byBaintSaros." ,.7' Count man tally decided never to start to4 K«« 00 another valse. As a musical description of midnight, tMkrtki r®Ye'r5r tbts "Donoo Macabre" has P»tobly never been surpassed. It presents ... j ®lt®l«b»ns. demons and ghosts Mfering aronnd, open graves. Tho skeleton i® « always ginning and ohaltoring. ux 0 .8uo®t dance is gruoaomo and. r .uk never elow, thoy ore all too' .,Ur"W—tbo time Is short from 12 to I. And torn yoQ hear them shriek end sorbam, and nhytrd 8r around Uto damp , Kathwlno'a fingere themselvos seemed to re aeaons racing over s graveyard full o£ white slabs and black monuments. Bnt finally tho dancers shullio to their graves, tbo last bolBttd>lv|ctou harries to hi place and the clock atriko 1. Asido lrom the wondrr it aroused Katbe- noes playing awakened a strange interest in hersel'. Rat ibore was littta opjxirtnnity on this occasion for fortlier ocqaalntsnce, as ho soon and very abruptly uroim to go. When rhe touched Mmo. da Montrieu's hand at parting that lady said, 44 By the way, tn» rhcrc, if you have come here profession- ally ii will fco well, you know, for you to m?et some of our influential people ; of course tiio moat select of that numbor you bavo a. ready met," and she smiled prettily towards her other guest. " tiutuext Wednesday 1 give u largo retention. Yutt may bring your »istor tlicu, and 1 will iutroduuo you to many of my friends.'' Tnua the clover, social tact of Mme. de Alontrtou consttued a tavor ilerlred into a favor conferred. The Russian girl thanked Madamu "extreranly," and after bowlug a gcueial adieu retired. 44 ! uuuy little block thing, isn't she 1" re marked tho Count. CHAlTKIl II. Mmo. do Moniricu'H salons looked very beautiful when decorated and thrown open for a reception." Thero were the two grind sulousatid a small ono, tbo music-room nd conservatoire, all illuminated with innuinor- able wax ciudl<-s and piiriutned by countless flowers, and Madamu her-olf looked chtrmlng in her 1'orts gown of palo green velvet, cm- Iroilertd with dainty 1110- runs. But Madamo was not happy It wae that lost uncomfortable half hour wbeh tbo rooms are yet empty, but the hostess must bo tbero ready to m&ko; welcome tbe unfortunate first roincr— tho buur when tho sudden 44 regrets" from tho most imporianr guests aro liable to arrive, and above all it is the hour when you aro jut weary enough to imagine Bit tbe mishap which could war this, your pet re ception of tbe seaeon. Rut Mudnme's un- happinns at present was not purely imogin- ary— tbo ususl sudden regret nad arrived. 44 Now, who is it f" sbe exclaimed, with irritation, as sho opened thu cnvolupo. 44 If it's tbo Buglish Kinbassy I shall bo furious I4' It was not from thu Kmbsssy, but Madamo was nnverlhoIo«s very much annoyed. " It's from that Uttlo Unssiau pianist— that is always the way with professionals— you ni-vercau count on them ! 44 What is tho matter with her?" asked Mme. do I'avcltc, who stood Ixiforoono of tho mirrors readjusting for the sixth time the duinondcreicent in hor hair. 4 Oh rick, of coureo ! They eru always 'indisposed' at the lint moment." 44 Hut is tho sister also ill I j)ld sbe arrivo y.>«tirtday us expco.tod !' peraistod Lucille. 44 Yes, tho rister i< corning," Madamo re plied more placidly as riio read tho note. 44 Her name is Karinn, l must not forgot It. Ru: what do I waut with ono of thera ! Tho novslty waa in having twins— twiu-prodigioN ! I can always find plenty of slngnrs.' Who knows whtlhrr thi Karina oven sings woll, aud beside thero i no telling how she will appear and act — she may bo riduculoua !' But Madatno'N expostulations were inter- riiptod by tho found of carriage wheels ont- bide and vcioos iu the halls. Tho reception had commenced. Madame wae Mailing and gracious; ovoryone was smil ing and gracious. The rooms were soon bril liant and glittering with gorgeous oostumee and many jowcls. Mmo. do Montncu was a hoitcHS of udmirablo tact and quick percep tions. Bha could tako in at u glanco tuo ainutiut of conversational ability at tho com mand of every group In a room. Sho know how to rout or diapcrno tbo young men why liHppeaod to be wasting their entertaining tulonto on etch other. It was a stupid per- hoii indeed who over left Mine, do Mnntriou's salon with a consciouenvss of huviug ap peared to disadvantage. She always drew out tho bc4t rjualitic of each person — a creator gift thin than many accompHrhinouts. It was over an hour Mnro the first guo; Imd arrivcd. Tho Knglish Kiabnuj bad orno ia full force ; thu most distinguished p;r- Honages were already there— oven Couut d'Ornar, who was expoctod lute, had arrived, smiliug and dccorateu with Husbian orders. As Madame was passing hor couiiu at ono sido of tho room sho murmured hastily : 44 Will you bollovo it, that singer has not cotno yet 1 Sho is ovldoatly pluuniug to arrivo lata and nuka a sursition, I know something will happen to modify mo— things aro going too smoothly so far." 44 Perhaps that is the now," replied her cauriti, nud Madamo went furivard to mout tb> now arrival. Kferiu Douinilrska it wa indeed, and MtnedH Moalrieu certainly experienced asur- priro, but not such as sho hud fwared. Mllo. Douimlrska entered tho room llko a quuen, and looked iiko oue. 'i'in-ro wu in hor hearing no traco of the timidity and lack of social experience which wu observable in tho hiitcr. Rut in form and feature their re. Hciahlbooe wu quito marked. 44 1 100 Mmo. do Montrioa is not oertrin whotheritis I or my sister," she observed with mi nmiiBod ernito. But a euoiuty woman nover revouls much surprise. 44 No. I think I ftboutd have known you apart, although tha Rhone u very striking. But, you M«e, i find it difficult to greet you hm one whom 1 meet for tho first time. It seems as if I know you woll," and midumo verified her words by clasping Kama's baud cordi ally. 44 Tlion, madamo, I buvo reason to vary thankful for (ho resombhooo I boar to Kuthcrino." Kurina bowed us greoufully art ebu Hpoko. Atmo. da Montrtou'c welcome wa3 genuine; indued any hnntoa might bo proud ot Karina Doniinlrsku ns sho tippunrod that afternoon, llor uoHtumo was lupurb. It was of wliito s-ilin, not cream white, but a nuowy, daz zling wh'.to, and this was richly oiobroiderod with gold. But tho great elfoot and beauty of tho costume was its trimming of Rumiiua sable, a brosd band of which outlln-vl train and also tho low-cut bodico. Tho dirk fur againht her splendid white shculdors formed afctriklngcoutrait. Hurhslr was darn like Knthorino's, but was dressed inure olabo- rstoly, being drawn high and held Iu ttluco by n gold dagger. Her eyes were oIho dark, but auu&what; concealed by dainty gold eye- gluten, which did not wobble or lean to ono sido, but stood erect and firm on hor well shuped iioio. She woro no jowol, excepting ouo single pearl ring of immoueu ni/o. Such wa tho creature towards whom Mmo, do Montriuu had fo recently harbored un- gonerou-t eoaUuicnts. No woudcr sho was surprised and almost discoucerted at tho first sight. Rut hor manner waa now graoioua- n&rts; Itself. 41 And yonr airier, Is sho very ill P . I so regret bor absence." 41 Yos, madamu, I must confers that only a severe indisposition could havo induced Kathorino to forego tho prlvilogo you have so kiudly extended to us. 4 I would not havo luft her, but sho insisted on my comlug.' 44 1 am very glad of this," replied madatne, honestly; 44 It would have been too bad to loso both of you." A (tor a fow further pollto Inquiries about Mllo. Ivhthoriuti, tho hostess summoned tbe nearest standing cavalior and pren-ntod him. This happened to be Count d'Ooar, who had been observing tha now beauty over since her entrance. H But I believe we need do introduction— is it not tho ohunning pianist whom I had thu houor of hearing last week!" He folt somewhat relieved when informed of his miaUko, for ia point of foot tbo 44 oharnriag pianist©" had net nttraotod htm. whereas Uiis gorgoous creature commanded unqualified Admiration, aud it was gratifying to icara that be need uot undo any first im- provlons in order lo now pay his devoted attentions. And dovotod ho certainly was from tho first moment to the last of their intercourse. Whether Mllo. Donimlraka was plotsod with his attentions or not it was difficult to , judge, hut oertain it is that sho jwrmittod ! them, even to tho chagrin of other Admirers who were apparently mora desir able and suitable thn the Count. Some may havo wondered, but none understood why the squaro- faced, smsll-evod, more than middle-®6®d and diasipatod Count woe fav ored by such a beautiful and brilliant woman as Karina Donimiwka. When she sang all hearts were captivated. Sorao voices tnnko you think ol things grand and noblo, liko cathedrals and bistorto cat ties, others ciU up visions ol tbe dainty and exquisite, liko jewels and flowers, bat this voioo made you think pre-eminently and always of a bird. The quality was light and sweet and high, and her art was so perfoot that otery note oaao with bewildering ease. 44 Batti sdsbt well envy you," exolalmed the Count with more fervor tnan understand" Ing. . . As an artist. Mile Donimlraka could cer tainly tako tho highest rank— ooales, arpeggl. sUoattl and trills were allrendarod with equal facility. 41 Wbero did you study t Who waa yonr muter F" inquired Mmo. de Montriau, In ecatacios. 4 'My father, madams, taught us every- thing. , "He mast he & wonderful musician." "He was, madamo, but we have no father now." Thera was a ring of bitterness as well as grief In hor tones, but tnadame only heard the words. (To z Gonzonnux ) 