STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. NO SIGN OF DEPRESSION. v " Carmen " at the Lyceum. "MIcJsiimmer Night's Dream"— The Bland Holt.Company— Engagement of Mr. Edward Terry— Other New Stars Engaged— Shakespeare at the Royal— "His Natural Life"— The B'rough and Bouolcault Company . —Variety and Min strelsy. Wo hope it may bo accepted in some feel ing of reassurance that amidst the disturb ing incidents that have within the last few days disquieted tho financial world theatri- cal business has not suffered to any appreciable extent, and last night houses were as largo arid faces as smiling and happy as thuy wore in tho piping times of rich prosperity. Whether this fact has any im portant significance in respect to tho present condition of affairs, commercially spoaking, we are not prepared to say, but as a cold, hard, solid fact it remains. Indeed, it. has como under our notice in only one instance that financial affairs have had .any effect whatever upon the theatrical indusiry or upon those who follow it, and that was in the case of an actor (not a comedian, by the way), who told us yesterday mournfully that at the hotel which lie honored there was a temporary suspension of poultry and unmistakable symptoms of tho soup having undergone a process of dilutive reconstruc tion. Some men can't beseriou9, evoti about eatables. A week of " Maritana " ended up last night at the Lyceum Theatre, the ohoral treatment of Wallace's dolightful work meeting, as it deserved, with very hearty commendation. To-night tho management will present " Carmen," and it is with the oharibing opera of Bizot that the trump card of the season is-to be played. We may take it for granted thnt the choruses will give _ very fine support, and that from a scenio point of view the revival will have tho advantage of liberal expenditure and much care and attention. Moreover the principals will be strengthened by the addi tion of Miss Florence Young, an artiste whose pleasant voice won much favor during the last season of comic opera at Mr. Rignold's establishment. Miss Young should sing the music of Michaela very acceptably. " Lucrezia Borgia" will, it is announced, be included in the revivals. Yostorday morning we turned from the hustle and bustle ot the streets into the ofSco of Mr. G. L. Goodman at tho rear of the Lyceum Theatre, where we encountered Mr. Greenwood, who represents the in terests of the firm of Williamson and Musgrove. Mr. Greenwood brings 200 cubic feet of news as to tho arrangements for tho Princess' and Lyceum theatres during tho next four or five months. To that effect Mr. Greenwood unbosomed himself without restraint. When opera finishes at the Lyceum on the evening of May5.it will be succeeded on the following night by Mr. Bland Holt and his new dramatic company, who will in augurate the annual seoson with Pettitt and Harris' "A Million of Money," which, it may be mentioned casually, was first done at Drury Lane on the evening of September 7, 1890, by a oast in which the beautiful Charlos Warner played the lead. Other pieces which will probably be introduced during tho forth coming season will be "Pleasure" and " The Prodigal Daughter." However, for the present it will suffice to state that the company will include Messrs. Sass, Howe, Emery, Cosgrove, Bakor, Corlesse, Fabort, Mesdamos Henrietta Watson, Maud Williamson, and Mr. and Mrs. Bland Holt. Remarkable spectacular effects are promised in the openiug drama, which is one of mili tary and sporting interest. In connection with the engagement of Mr. Edward Terry, which was mentioned in this paper some days ago, it is announced that the English comedian will mako his first Australian appcaranco at the new Pitt- street house early in July, and that — as far as is known at present — he will come alone. Support will be found locally. Until Mr. Terry's opening the forthcoming melodrama season will extend. ' It) addition to this engagement Mr. Mus- grovo has secured for the Royal Comic Opera Company a new prima donna in tho person of MUs Elfie Clements, who is spoken of as young, charming, and possessed of a capital voice. With Miss Clements will como Mr. Joseph Tapley, a tenor well known to London audiences, and in connection with the Opera Company these artists will make a start at the Princess' in Grundy and Solo mon's "Tho Vicar of Bray." When the Edward Terry season (of somo three or four woeks) is concluded wo shall have tho Royal Corilie Opera Company at tho Lyceum, and it may be expected that that class of enter tainment will extend well townrds the end of the present year and tho advent of panto mime. - In accordance with a custom observed by him some yeare ago, when in management at the Standard and Gaiety theatres, Mr. Dam- pier has determined to set aside during his present season one night of the week for the representation of Bill Shakes peare's works, and as a commencement "Hamlet" was Staged at tho Royal lost night. It is, we must say, to the credit of tho management that the tragedy was so carefully presented, and that there was evi dence of so .much attention in the matter of detail, seeing that the re vival was for but ouo night. Evi dence .of the interest with which the repre sentation was regarded was provided in a large and very appreciative audience. Mr. Dampier's reading of "Hamlet" is so well known to playgoers that the process of. detailed and analytical comment may be dispensed with now, Lot it be said, how ever, that' whatever one's own non- ception of tho Prince's character and disposition may be, it muBt be allowed to ' Mr. Dampier that ho . gave a very earnest and thoughtful interpretation to the noble lines of the part. He was in method a somewhat slow and heavy Hamlet, the peculiarities which mark tho actor's utter- anco sorviug only to emphasise this cha racteristic. But in tho scenes with Opholia there were tho qualities of tenderness and humanity, showing that throughout all tho working of his vengeful purpose nobility of soul and generosity were always predominant in Hamlet's oharanter. To tho linos the aotor gave fine point and meaningr dcBpite tho peculiarities of utterance to whioh we havo already referred. Slowly, and for tho most part distinctly, Mr. Rainford delivered the lines of the Ghost, aud the other male characters to claim notioo were the let Player of Mr. Plimmer and the Gravedipgors of Mossrs. H. I.eston and G. Bullet. Miss Rose Dampier wac in judiciously selected for tho Ophelia, and having nono of tho qualifications for the part it is to bo regretted that the task was imDosod. Mr. J. P. West was "mouthy" and undignified as Claudius, Mr. H. Hob- son's Polouius was humorous, and Messrs. Rolfo (Laertes), Harford (Horatio) and Miss Alice May (Aotross) filled thoir parts ade quately. From Shakespeare . wo alimb down (or up, whichever way your taste may diotato) to melodrama at the Theatro Royal this evening, when will bo given a revival on the usual scale of unexampled magnificence "For the Term of His Natural Life," the very effoctive dramatisation of ths powerful novel of that name. Playgoers Will let their memories meander back to tho . old duvs at the Standard, when Dampier, with a rough and ready stock com pany, succeeded iu attracting big houses to that now forlorn temple. One of- his strong cards during that season was the drama of which we aro now writing, and if we are Spared to ornament this round earth until wo are old enough to ho Purkes' great grandfather we shall not forget tho frantic enthusiasm with which the. acting of Messrs. Stark, Stonoham, Boothman, Edmund Holloway and the rest; was. greeted. With fine stage accom modation and improved histrionie re sources, Mr. Dampier.should bo in a position to . present the drama in manner most effective. P.P;, iq its.yoaal significanoo, means that you are to ease off the top notos a bit and ' give the sufferer next door a ohanco to con sider whether ho can more readily kill yon with a gun or a wood-axe. In another sense tho letters stand for "popular programme," every onjoyablo sample of whioh will be given by M. Wicgatid on the great organ at the Town Hall to- night. So far the.patronago bestowed on the per formance of "A Villngo Priest" has been so large that each evening during the week the seating accommodation of tho Criterion Theatre has been taxed to its utmost limits. This is as it should be, for playgoers who have no mind to miss what is best and clever est in. dramatic art will certainly not allow the present opportunity to pass without availing themselves of a ohanco that, in the light of recent announcements, is not likely to occur again in a hurry. The representation of Grundy's great play assuredly stands as one of the best Australian theatre- goers have yet seen— whioh is saying a great deal. As to the future movements of Messrs. Brough, Boucicault and Co. there is at present some doubt,1 but as fan nB can be said with any degree of oertainty this season will close early in August, after which Adelaide, Hobart, Now Zealand aud Melbourno will be played. Then tho com pany will, it is believed, return to, Sydney early next year for a fartfttrell' season of a few weeks prior to its departure for America. This will, Mr. Bouoicault says, mean saying a long farewell to Sydney and their many friends in this city. So it stands at present, but, as wo said before, there is much uncertainty. Meanwhile wo shall probably see - " Walker, London," "The Crusaders," and perhaps "The Grey Mare' and "The Amazons." In the presence of a highly appreciative audience the curtain descended upon the final performance of " Man to Man " at Her Majesty's Theatre last night. No more will the susceptible domestic weep softly over the mimic wroDgs of James Gordon and his persecuted missus ; no more will tho comic villainy of the dreadful Burkley excite emotions of mingled amusement and indignation ; no more will the railway smash lift its grizzly head and scream amid tho desolate ruins of its own making, and no more will a virtuous gallery wiiuop at the rascality of tho ruffian whoso name we do not remember, but whose sinister villainy has chilled us to the marrow three separate times in one night. " Man to Man" is done for (for the present), but the memory of its oofiness will cling round the management for ever. 1'o-nigbt, after four large years, will be revived Shakespeare's fairy comedy, "A Midsummer Night's Dream," of which theatres-goers will, thanks to Mr. Uignold, entertain very pleasant memories. When on the last occasion the comedy was presented at Her Majesty's Theatre it commanded very warm praise for the very careful, thoughtful and complete character of the production, and now tho management hopes to obtain even greater resulte. To this end the oast has been strengthened considerably, and in other important respects the revival will have every advantage which skill and monetary liberality can secure. During the present week there has been more business at the Tirol! Theatro than the house has been able to accommodate, and on more than ono evening the demand lor seats has been in excess of the supply. The engagement of Mr. George Wood has been a powerful element of attraction, and oven if that gentleman receives (as we have been toid by peoplo who are not likely to know .anything about it) £500 a week, we are quite sure that he is drawing that sum— or thereabouts — into tho theatre every week. To-night a complete change of bill will be mado. It is announced in connection with Mr. Barrington's Imperial Minstrel and Bur lesque Company, at present offering enter tainment at the Opera House, that an important chance of bill will be made on Monday night, when, in addition to tho artists already engaged, M'Kissou and Kerns, Miss Ida Touchart, Miss Amy Harding and Mr. Percy Clifton will make their first appearance at this establishment. , | Minstrelsy, variety and burlesque are tho principal materials for entertainment at the Gaiety Theatre, and that patrons are satis fied with the fair provided at this hall is nightly shown in a bumper house. "Aladdin," with Slqdo Murray in the cast, is a big hit. The engagement of the only Billy Emer son has served to materially boost the good cause of the Alhambrn, whore, during the week, large audiences havo enjoyed the capital programme offered by Mossrs. - Dolohery, Craydon and Holland. A change of bill will be made on Monday. 