THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. [From the Northern Territory Times.] Local aborigines are feeling much concerned as to whether or not the blacks now under sentence of death will be hanged in the goal enclosure. They vote strongly against each a thing on superstitious grounds, averring that u the hanging does take place within the precincts the ghosts of the etrangled darkies will for ever appear to all and sundry aboriginals who afterwards have to serve a time in durance ; and the Heart of the future offender is eorely troubled. Per ss. Changsha the Commercial Bank two boxes of gold containing 4,924 oz. valued at £17,000. Another export was 33 bags of fish (dried) valued at £25. A good deal of prospecting for pearl shell beds was performed within the last week or ten days by Mr. S. T. Brown in the steamer Maggie and the Japanese divers in their log gers. A start was made in Bynoe Harbor and from here the boats went across to the Vernons, and on the homeward -journey the neighbor hoods of Lee Point, Casuarinas, and East Point were given a rough trial. At all the places visited what the miner would term " indications" were found; that is to say. a few shells were picked up. But it re mains for tuture operations to prove what those traces lead up to. Tbe expedition will, we understand, make another similar voyage of discovery at an early date. We have only to look at the results from any well regulated shelling ground to be convinced that beds of shell are not bo magnificently easy to discern that a diver may drop on one at his own sweet trill and pleasure. They must be hunted for like gold, is deep and shallow "sinking," and as a rule at the risk of much capital. The display of gold which was placed on view at the Commercial Bank on Saturday last attracted quite a host of sightseers. The exhibit represented parcels from the majority of the goldfields of the Northern Territory, in addition to specimens of gold, silver, tin, and copper bearing ores, and the whole formed a most enticing show, one of the most striking features of which was a magnificent specimen of golden quartz from Mr. H. Roberta's Extended Union claim. A heap of retorted gold worth nearly £18,000 is a eight not fre quently admitted to publio gaze and th? opportunity presented by the Commercial Bank authorities was therefore welcome to a great many persons who unlike the bankers have not had the pleasure of handling tons of the vile stuff. The gold is now en route south wards. _____^^^^^_ 