GEMS FROM THE SCHOOL- ROOM. Miss A. C. GRAHAM, of Anerley, has received a prize from the University Corre&dondenb; for the beet collection of schoolboy " mistakes" ; and they are printed in the current number of that periodical. In an Accompanying letter Miss Graham says:—" When I learned one day the remarkable fact that ' Haied and Odessae translated Euripides,' I felt that the time bad come for action; I was filled with a burning desire to share with others my joy in these facts ; and as a means of spreading the 'New Learning,' I began to collect from examination papers and answers in class whatever would throw me light on old subjects. I have been some years at it now, and have pleasure in sending you the subjoined twelve extracts from my 'gems.' They are all bond-Jide answers, the spelling and punctuation being unchanged; in most cases I have still the original documents from which they are taken." Among " selected specimens " from Miss Graham and others, given by our contemporary, are the following :— DIVINITY.—Esau was a man who wrote fables and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottle of potash.—Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews believed in the synagogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshiped in groves of oak; therefore the Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans. —Titus was a Roman Emperor—supposed to have written the Epistle to the Hebrews —his other name was.,Qateg. ENGLISH HISTORY. —Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his interference in Ireland. When he.was in prison he wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress "; and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea.— Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Cromwell, " Ah! if I had only served you as you have served me, I would nothave been deserted in my old age." Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Welling ton; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken down lately.—Who was Henry "EL ? A zealous supporter of the Church, and died a Dissentry.—What is Divine Right? The liberty to do what you like in Church.—What is a Papal Bull ? A sorb.of cow, f only larger and does not give mOk.—Petkin Warbeck raised a rebellion in the reign of Henry VIII. He said he- was the son of a prince, but he was really the son of respectable people. DEFINITIONS.—Phoenicians.—The inventors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal,—A native of Bechuana, In South Africa, Chimaera.—A thing used to take like nesses with. Watershed.—A place which boats are stored; in winter. Gender. —Is the way whereby 'we tell what sex man is. Cynical.—A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at;the top. Immacu late.—State of those who have passed the entrance examination.' at London University. Hydrostatics.—Is when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia' when a dog is mad, and * hydrostatics when a man catches it. ENGLISH LANGUAGE I. AND LITERATURE. — Keats wrote a savage ^ criticism on Endymion, which brought on consumption.— The sonnet is a thing.that has its first four lines two meteors (quartan) and in last six two meteors (turzette).—Latin .of the 4th period was introduced, in to the language at the invention of; Christianity 597 A. D., when the nobility andfgentry spoke Latin-French and the Danes settled .the throne for nearly thirty years.—Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his-duty which'the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. Heprofains madness, he really only put it onbut some people say he was mad. One daywhen he was fighting the king asked him if; he would' have something to drink & he had put poisin in it & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs his father & drinks the poisin and dies. — What do you understand by the Augustan age in English. Literature? We mean the time of Casdmon, who flourished and wrote " Comus " about the time that St. Augus tine converted the people of,'Kent. MISCELLANEOUS.—Briefly describe the heart, and its. function or work.—The heart is a conical shaped bag. The heart is divided into several parts by a fleshy peti tion. These parts are called right artillery, left artillery, and so forth. The function of the heart is between the lungs. The work of the heart is to repair the different organs in about half a minute.—What is a volcano? A volcano is a very powerful rock.—What is the meaning of mer de glace ? Mother of glass.—What are fossils ?' Fossils are those remains of plants and animals which keep best when left to themselves.—What fossil remains do we find of fishes ? In. seme rocks we find the fossil footprints of fishes.—What are the metamorphic rocks? Rocks that contain metaphors.—"What is the matter?" queried a teacher. " You seem to be rather uncomfortable .there." "I've got the interjection, sir,'"was the unexpected reply.—Explain the words fort and fortress. A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress a place to put women in.-—What is aRepublioan? A^Kfcpublfcan isa einner m^nfekraed ^n tSre Bftrfe,—Jwo chief vxjTcantJeifffn Btfftjpe. Sodifaftttftf G<foorrali. 