NOVEL >v". ' " — -<S. The Golden Fleece. BY J. HAWTHORNE- CHAPTER VI.— (CoNinraED.) 4 1 don't ask to know your secret : I think you had better say no more.' Freeman Bhook his head. 4 1 must speak,' said he. 4 1 don't care what becomes of me, so long aa I stand right in your opinion, — vonr father's and vonrs. 1 am horn to find out whether this desert can be flooded, — irrigated, — whether it's possible, by any means, to bring water upon it. If my report . is favorable, the company will purchase hundreds, or thousands, of square miles, and, incidentally, my own fortune will be. \- made/ ' Why, that's the very thing ' She stopped. 1 The very thing your father had thought of / Yes, so I imagined, though he has not told me so in so many words. So I'm in the position oi surreptitiously, taking away the prospective fortune of a man whom I respeot and honor, and who treats me as a friend.' Miriam walked oh" some steps in silence,. 1 It is no faulo of yonrs,' she said at last. 5 You owe us nothing. You must carry out your orders.' 'Yes ; but what is to prevent your father from thinking that I stole his id ea and then used it against him ?' ' You can tell him the truth : he could not complain;, and why should you care if he did ? I know that men separate business from— from other things.' They had now come to the little enclosed epaoe where the fountain basin was ; and by tacit consent they seated themselves upon it. Miriam gave an exolamation of surprise. 4 The water is gone !' she said. 4 How strange !' \- ' Perhaps it haB gone to meet ns at our rendezvous in the desert.— No : if I tell your father, I should be unfaithful to my employers. Rat there's another alternative: I can resign my appointment, and let my place be taken by another.' 'And give up your ohance of a fortune ? You mustn't do that.' 4 What is it to you what becomes of me ?' 4 1 wish nothing but good to come to you,' said she, in a low voice. 4 1 have never wanted to have a fortune until now. And I must tell you the reason of that, too. A man without a fortune does ; very well by himself. He can knock abont, i, and live from hand to mouth. Sat when he wants to live for somebody else, — even if he has only a very faint hope of getting the . opportunity cf doing it,— then he must have jl some settled means of livelihood to justify " him. So I say I am in a diffioult position. For if I give this up, I must go away ; and 1 if I go away, I must give up even the little hope I have.' Don't go. away,' said Miriam, after a pause. 4 Do yon know what you are saying ?' He hesitated a moment, looking at her as she looked down at the empty basin. 4 My hope was that yon might love me ; for I love you, to be my wife.' The color slowly rose to Miriam's face : at length she hid it in her hands. 4 Oh, what is it?' she said, almost in a whisper. 4 1 have known you only three days. Bat it seems ss if I must have known- yon before. There is something in me that is not like , myself. But it is the deepest thing in me ; and it loves yon : yes, I love you 2' Her hands left her face, and there was a light in her eyes whioh made Freeman, in the midst of Ins rejoicing, feel hnmble and ' unworthy. He felt himself in contact with something pure and sacred. At the same moment, the recollection recurred to him of the figure he bad seen the night before, with the features of Miriam. Was it she indeed ? Was this she ? To doubt the identity of the individual is to lose one's footing on the solid earth. For the first time it occurred to him that this doubt might affect Miriam . herself. Was she obscurely conscious of two states of being in herself, and did she therefore fear to trust her own impulses? But, again, love is the master-passion : its fire fuses all things, and gives them unity. Would not this love that they confessed for ' each other bom away all that was abnormal and enigmatic, and leave only the unerring human heart, that knows its own and takes v it ? These reflections passed through Free man's mind in an instant of time. Bnthe was no metaphysician, and he obeyed the sane an A wholesome instinct which has ever been man's surest and fastest guide through the mysteries and bewilderments of existence. He took the beautiful woman in his arms and kissed her. 'This is real and right, if any thing is,' Pffifi he. 4 If there are ghosts about, you and I, at any rate, are flesh and blood, and where we belong. As to the irrigation scrape, there most he some way oat of it : if not, no matter 1 You -and 1 love each other, and the world begins from this moment !' «My father most know to-morrow,' said tiam. No doubt we shall all know more to morrow than we do to-day,' returned her lover, not knowing how -abundantly his pro phecy would be fulfilled : he was overflow ing with the fearless and enormous joy of a young man who has attained at one bonnd the summit of his desire. ' There;! they are calling tor me. Good- by, my darling. Be . yourself, and think of nothing but me. A short ride bronght the little cavalcade to the borders of the desert. Here, by common conseatj a Iialt was made to draw breath, as it were, before taking the final jplunge into the fiery furnace. 4 Before we go further,' said General' Trednoke, approaching Freeman, as he was tightening his girth, 4 1 must tell you what is the object of this expedition.' 4 It is not necessary, general,' replied the young man, straightening himself and look ing the other in the face ; 4 for from this point our paths lie apart.' 4 Why so ?' demanded the general, in sur prise. 'What's that ?' exclaimed Mesohines, coming up, and adjusting hia speotaoles. _ ' I'm not at liberty, at present, to explain,' Freeman answered. ' All l oan say is that I don't feel justified in assisting you in your affair, and Iain not able to confide my own to you. I wish you to pub the least un charitable construction you can on my oon- duot. To-morrow, if we all live, I may say more ; now, the moBt I oan tell yon is that I am not entirely a free agent. Meantime — JSasta letsgo .' Againef this unexpected resolve the general cordially protested and the professor scoffed and contended ;- but Freeman stayed firm. He had with him provisions enongh to last him three days, and a supply oi water ; and in a small case carried a com pact assortment of instruments for scientific observation. 4 Take your departure in what ever direction you like, said he, 4 and I will take mine as an angle of not less gthan fifteen degrees from it. If I am not back in three days, you may conclude something has happened.' ' - It was certainly very hot. Freeman had been aocustomed to torrid anna in the Isthmus ; bat this was a sun indefinitely multiplied by reflections from the dnsty sur face underfoot. Nor was it the fine, ethereal fire of the Sahara : the atmosphere was dead and heavy ; for the rider was already far below the level of the Paoifio, whose cool bine waves rolled and rippled many leagues to the westward, as, seons ago, they had rolled and rippled here. There waB not a breath of air. Freeman could hear his heart beat, and the veins in his temples and wrists throbbed. The sweat rose on the surface of bis body, bnt without cooling it. The pony which he bestrode, a bony and sinewy beast of the toughest description, trod onwards doggedly, but with little animation. Free man had no desire to posh him. Were the uiua animat to overao ltseu, notrncg m tne future oould bo more certain than that his master would never see the Trednoke ranch S again. It seemed unusually hot, even for that region. There was little in the way of outward inoident to relieve the monotony of the journey. Now and then a short, thiok rattlesnake, with horns on its ngly head, wriggled out of his path. Now and then his horse's hoof almost trod upon a hideous, flat lizard, also horned. Here and there the uncouth projections of a oaotos pushed up wards out of the dust ; some of these the mustang nibbled at, for the sake of their juice. Freeman wondered where the juice came from. The floor of the desert seemed for the most part level, though there was a gradual dip towards the east and northeast, and occasionally mounds and ridges of wind swept dust, sometimes upwards of fifty feet in height, broke up uniformity. The soil was largely composed of powdered feldspar ; but there were also tracts of gravel shingle, of yellow loam, and of alkaliue dust. In some places there appeared a salt efflore- soence, sprouting hp in a sort of ghastly vegetation, as if death itself had acquired a sinister life. Elsewhere, the ground quaked and yielded underfoot, and it became neces sary to make detourB to avoid these arid bogs. Once or twioe, too, Freeman turned aside lest he should trample upon some .dry bones that protroded in his path, — bones that were their own monument, and told their own story of struggle, agony, ex haustion, and despair. None of these things had any depressing effect on Freeman's spirit. His heart was singing with joy. To a mind logioally dis posed, there was nothing but trouble in sight, whether he succeeded or failed in his present mission. In the former oase, he would find himself in a hostlie position as regarded the man he most desired to con ciliate ; in the latter, he would remain the mere rolling stone that he was before, and love itself would forbid hiia to ask the woman he loved to share his uncertain existence. Bat Freeman was nob logical : he was happy, and he eonld not help it. He had kissed Minam, and she loved him. His csnrse lay a few degrees" north of east. Far -across the plain, dancing and turning somersaults in the fantastic atmos phere, were the summits of a range of abrupt hills, the borders of a valley or ravine whioh he wished to explore. Gradually, as he rode, his shadow lengthened before him. It was hia only companion ; and yet he felt no sense of loneliness. Miriam was in his heart, and kept it fresh and bold. Even hanger and thirst he scarcely felt. Who oan esti mate the therapeutic and hygienio effects of love ? The mustang could not Bhare hiB rider's source oi content, but he may have been con- scions, through animal instincts whereof we kno v nothing; of an uplifting and encourag ing Bpirit. At all events, he kept up his steady lope without faltering or apparent effort, and seemed to-require nothing more than the occasional wetting whioh Freeman administered to 'his nose. There would pro bably be some vegetation, and perhaps water, on the hills ; and that prospeot may likewise have helped him along. Nevertheless, man and beast may well have welcomed the hour when the craggy acclivities of . that lonely range became so near that they seemed to loom abovetheir heads. Freeman directed his steps towards the southern extremity, where a huge, pallid mass, of almost regular pyramidal form, feared itself aloft like a monument. He- skirted the base of the pyramid, and there opened on hiB view a narrow, winding valley, scarcely half a mile in apparent breadth, and of a very wild and savage aspeot. . Its general direotion was nearly north and south, and it declined downwards, as if seeking the interior of the earth. In faot, it looked not unlike those imaginative . pictures of the road to the infernal regions described by the ancient poets. One eonld picture Pluto in his ohariot, with Proserpine beside him, thundering downwards behind his black horses, on the way to those sombre and magnificent regions which are hollowed out beneath the surface of the planet! Freeman, however, presently saw a sight which, if Icbs specularly impressive, was far more agreeable to his eyes. On a shelf or cup of the declivity was a little clump of vegetation, and in the midst of it welled up a thin stream of water. The mustang scrambled eagerly towards it, and, before Freeman had time to throw himself out of the saddle, he had plunged his muzzle into the rivulet. He suoked it down with Buoh satisfaction that it was evident the water was not salt. Freemaujlaid himself pzone upon the brink, and fo.'towed his steed's example. Tne draught was cool and pure! ' ' I didn't know how muoh I wanted it !' said he to himself. 4 It most come from a good way down. If I could only bring the parent stceam to the surface, my mission would be on a fair road to success.' An examination of the spring revealed the faot that it eonld not have been long in existence- Indeed, there were no traces whatever of long continuance. The aperture in the rook through which it triqkled bore the appearance of having been recently opened; fragments were lying near it that seemed to have been just broken Off. The bed of the little stream was entirely free from moss or weeds ; and after proceeding a short distance it dwindled and disappeared, either sucked up in vapor by the torrid air, or absorbed into the dusty soil. Manifestly, it was a recent creation. 4 And, to be Bare, why nob ?' ejaculated Freeman. _ 4 There was an earthquake last night, whioh swallowed up the spring in the Trednokes' garden : probably that same earthquake brought this stream to light. (to BE ooNmnraD.) 