NORTH-EABT ZBSKX. We found mireelvas at BH Qcfth'fi, or, as , the inhltmbuiBi j^&«loo-2l i? 4 To&s;'ey,' and stooped to bay the neoeesary tickets to ' view the Priory.' These were to be had, a4- nn»n th« 'Ed Lion/ where, n-i t *e guido-tuok points out, there is *a carved lionoouehaut over tho swinging sijruf' and a most de f acted, dark red gentleman he is, evidently suffering from a tad attack of toothache, if one may jadge from the attitude of his fore paw and the severity of his countenance. We were soon waiting admission at the Priory gate, armed with a Lancaster camera, bat the lady of the lodge seemtd I acoaetomcd to eaoh imprudenoe and pro hibited its further entrance, so we had to conte&t; ourselves with taking an outside view of tho gateway, a very handsome late Norman structure of hewn stone and flint, aoeording to the ever- present guide book. Onoe inside, and having duly admired the house — an irregular-looking pile of buildings of various dates —we wandered through the old-fashioned gardens to the ohapel. This has been lately restored, and ia need daily K-r til a - (isfuFa * an J ntkeH 18e{n-r at tlia home of rest), established by the present owner ef the Priory. At every turn one is greeted by rema Ins of old work, some Tudoresque, some thir teenth oentury, some Norman, and some reputed to be Roman. We asoended the tower, and looked across to the sea, wonder ing, as one will wonder, how many before □a had watohed that same sea, had looked, perhaps, for crating friend or foreign foe — for St. Osyth's has seen many troublous times from the day when its saiatly founder was murdered by tbe invading Dane, till the time when it was plundered and ravaged by an ( unrely mob of sohismatios ' in the oivil wars ef the seventeenth century. Of eonrso there are dnngeons belonging be the building— gruesome, noisome oalls airetehing olong underground to the beach below ; but ntv happily blocked up. There is also a ghost ; and *hi« is its history : *The Danes, under Isguar and Hubba, landing from a creek dose by, and hunting for prey acd plunder, found the Lady Osyth at the fonntain and cut off her head. When the head Grrt rolled from the shoulders at the stroke of the cruel Dane, die picked it up tenderly with her hands and carried it to the church ef Saint Peter and Sunt Paul ; bat the door was shut, se she knocked at it with her blood-sbaiaed hands, and then fell prostrate — dead.' And new, on each anni voisary of her death-day, at the witohing hour cf twelve, Saint Osyth walks again— head in hand. It would be interesting to meet soma one who has seen her, and to learn if ghosts are able to speak In this curious and anomalous position. Oor guide, however, eould not hdp us; she only knew that there was a general inclination to keep tc the more frequented paths aa night came on, and that there was one old man who even in twilight. From tbe Priory we went aoro&s; to the church— being met at the door by the verge - rcss, who deeply lamented our being just too late for the harvest festival deoorations, whioh dee&rations;, according to her aooount muet have been quite as well worth visitiog as the Priory itself. There were left, how ever, traces of an aroh of greenery, orna mented by small oolored candles of the Christmas-tree type ; also a wonderful banner adorned withbornB of plenty— in gold paper— and a scythe— in silver ditto— and bo we were able to consols ourselves with the thought that possibly the other aad ordinary attractions of the ehurah might prove even more satisfactory. Oar first impression of the interior was, however, decidedly depressing— vide, a wide nave filled on either side with very light ?olored, old-fashioned, high- backed pews, decorated here and there by what at firat sight looked te be milliners' blooks, but which, on farther enquiry, turned out te be stands for the necessary evening oil lasaps. Sound eaeh pillar is an ordinary hat* raok, affording every aosommodation for high hats, low hats, overcoat s, and possibly umbrellas ; we noticed farther two old* fashioned square pews, oue— an heirloom of the D'Arep family — roofed in so as to prefeat the idea of an ancient dismembered coach. The most striking feature ot the ohuroh is the altar rail, formed somewhat in the shape of a horseshoe — an exact copy of the shape of the old oak rail, not so very long taken away. On either side of the altar is a massive sculptured monument representing a former owner of the Priory, and all around the chancel is painted— eh, that one ehould live to tell it !— a short edition, about three feet high, of the favorite red vdvet dramatio cur lain on aa equally imaginary brass rod. Some fine modern stained glass has, how over, been added to the ohaneel, and the axebeeologist will be interested in a low side wir-dow, a 4 squint,' and other relics of anoient date. One might, indeed, spend hours most pleasantly and profitably ^in the precincts of St. Osyth's ; the village itself has a thoroughly old-world air about it, as thesgh the influence of bygone ages were still breathed out from the Priory walls, and rash aad bold would he be who ven tured the latest improvements in things, mundane or spiritual, under shadow of those two andent landmarks, the Ohuroh of Saint Petor and Saint Paul, and the Priory ef St. Osyth. Indeed, wo fanoy, it might not have been eo very long ago sines the geod people, beforo going to bed, 4 did rake up the fire, make a cross in the ashes, and pray to God and Saint Osyth to delive r fa em from fire and water, and all mis edveeture.' And so we turned homewards, ia the eveaiag light, aaiid the white mist rising from the rash-lined marshes, ponder ing on the days of old so pieturseqndy present with us, and ounvinood that in the flats of North-east Essex may be found beauty, interest, and pleasure. — AU tke Tetr Sound. 