WAS IT A GHOST THEY 'SAWV MIns. t.H H. JE.NINGS lives at 211, Main Street, .Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one. but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughingand talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face 'was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt- sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the: doors and 'windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? "'Dnuring a'recent period of ill: health," writes an American friend, " I had slept hbadly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about 2 o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by "what seemedlike the calling of my name"; and at the foot of: the bed stood the image of, my, mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on. which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted.: I w-as foolish enough totell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it isiince, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's' no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of conditions. Ili' March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Fester; of Darracott Road. Pokesdown, Hants, wrote as follows:-"' I wins so dread fully nervbus' I could not bear anyone in the. room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in ease I should call out for help. This'was in June, 1889., I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better'for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my'head and over my-eyes, aind I was sick most-of the timei,?:lyakin was dry and yellow' and the stomach and bowels felt. cold andl dead. By-and-lby I ihad to lie helpless in -bed. The doctor said he did'nt know what my complaint wFds. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retainueven that on my stomaeh.' By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. ' My memory' completely failed. My:head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. - " S" I had given up all hope when one day Mrs. West; of- Bournemouth, 'called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly'off, and'was cured' bypMother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days.I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairn. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left'me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pro. strmction. The original cause was gref and shock at the violent death of her husband, ] by accident, and the system rallied only [ when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned theherves. S.Whatever may be your opinion lof the !Bridgeport ghost, it remains true tlht most [ uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing t more or less than a set of nerves a upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Gh come from the inside of the person who se them, i and when Mother Seigel's Syru-i oes its | work the eyes and ears entertain or y what is natural and wholesome.,: 