~EWS IN BBfEF, Inward English mail to-day. Slight decline in the silver market. Home Rule agitation in Bohemia. Victorian jockeys severely censured. Presentation to be made to Constable O'Meara. Melbourne detectives charged with tam pering with the true course of justice. Colonial Bank of New Zealand has declared a dividend of 6 per cent. Sultan of Johore sued for breach of pro mise. hlate of discount shows a decline of 3-16th. Losses through the coal strike estimated at £12,000,000. Percy and Mildred Godson, who were shot by their father, likely to recover. Mrs Knorr, alias Ihwaites, believed to be the daughter of a Chelsea tradesna'nh. Bombardment of Rio Janerio still con tinues. Discovery of plot to kill President Cleve land. A Melbourne policeman fired three times at a runaway burglar and missed him. A good burst of water struck in the Bayley's Reward Claim (W.A.) Victorian mill owners prepared to unite to fight out any intended strike. Northern investment Company of New Zealand declares a dividend of t per cent. Shaw, Savill, and Albion Company has -declared an interim dividend of 5 per cent. Broken Hill Proprietary shares improv ing it price. The Australian cricketers leave for America on September 20. Bannerman leaves for home by the R.M.S. Orizaba. Queensland National Bank amended re construction scheme sanctioned. Britannia again beats the Navabhoe, this time by two seconds only. Inveresk Improvement Association on the warpath. North Launceston members to be roused up for inaction regarding floods. Booths at the Longford show to be sold at Bell's mart on Saturday. A yachting club contemplated at the Mersey. Campbell Town strongly protests against the Centralisation of P.lice Bill. Telegraphic chess match between Hobart and Launceston on Saturday. The primage duty will be considered by the Legislative Council to-night. Progress was reported on section 36 of the Income Tax Bill in the Assembly last night. Several matters relating to Launceston and the north will be dealt with by the Assembly to-night. Stoddart and Gunn head the batting averages in England, while W. Hearne leads the bowling. The Treasurer last night withdrew the sub-section of the Income Tax Bill taxing life assurance bonuses. The Devonport ghost not exorcised yet. One resident is preparing a six-chambered revolver for him. English mail which left Launceston on August 7 arrived as London on Septem ber 12. Canvassing for subscriptions in aid of the unemployed will probably commence on Monday. Women's Suffrage Bill passed the seccnd reading in the South Australian Parlia ment. The payment of members policy not to be interfered with in the New South Wales Parliament this session. Fruitless attempt made to reduce the Agent- General's salary in the Queensland Parliament. The Pall Mall Gazette condemns the present administration of justice in Eng land. Hobart Ministers not disposed to co operate with the local clergy in peti tioning the Governor to witbhold his assent from the V.D.L. Lottery Bill. Lord Gormanston has accepted the posi tion of patron of the Northern Agricultural Society, and hopes to be present at the show. Harry Pearce, the wrestler, an inmate df the Hobart Hospital owing to injuries received in his recent match with Knee bone. Royal assent has been given to the V.D.L. Lottery, Mount Lyell Eailway Com pany's Leases, and Supplementary Appro priation Bills. Twenty entries in excess of those ob tained for last year's show were received yesterday by Mr W. L. Stokes, secretary of the Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Association. An iron founder, of Ballarat, for making a -cheque payable to "Town Scoundrels" instead of Town Council, when paying his rates, likely to be sued for heavy damages. Mr Sutton's effort to raise the per c,:ntage of the deduction on incomes derivable from personal exertion under the Income Tax Bill from20to 50 per cent. has proved futile. During the proceedings in committee . last night Mr .Hawkes declared that the a proposal to exempt salaries to the amount of only £100 from the income tax was most iniquitous. \- A private detective and his employee Sappeared before MIr Panton, P.h., in Mel bourne yesterday charged with conspiring to defeat the ends of justice. Victorian Assembly has passed the second reading of the bill providing for the reduction in the sdlaries o1 future Judges. In Switzerland the garden snail is highly Sesteemed as a Lenten delicacy, the price of a dish of cooked snails at a hostelry or pension being as much as fir fresh meat. Washington, more than any other city in the United States, is remarkable for the number of its churches. With a population of only a quarter of a milhlion, it has now Snearly 200 places of worship. Though extravagance is a vice, economy is often a foible, and onerather sympa thises with the hint given by the noble Is who assisted Louis Phiiippe in his search after a lost sovereign by lighting a bank note.-Spectator. 