AMERICAN BOXING. STEVE O'DOXNELI. KASILY WHIPS CATTASACH In a Four Hounds Unttlo. A ClS'CH FOR TUB AUSTRALIAN. Ho Wants to Tackle Joe Choynski. Tho latost English filos to hand contain a fnll account of tlio O'DoimoU- Cattanach llKht, iu which tho olovor Australian lioavy woik'ht simply played with his sturdy oppo nent, ovontually knocking him out aftor four rounds fighting. Tho contest took placo at tho Conoy Island Athlatia' Club on August 19 uft., and was wituossad by a lart'O crowd of snorts. Tho bottine slightly favored tho Australian, who was in splomlid form, and that ho did not disappoint his backers will be .shown from tho following detailed account of tho battle :— (' NEW TORKHERAlD/'AUOnST 19, 1893.) Stovo O'Douuoll, tho heavy-woight of Ans tralia, easily boat Jaok Cattanacb, of Provi donco, in live rounds, at tho Conoy Island Athletic Club last night. It was nino o'clock when they crawled through tho ropos. It was statod that they would batllo twenty rounds or moro for a purso of 2500dol, of which tho loser was to rcuoivo SOOdol! AsO'Donuoll and Cattanach are lfeavy-woights, each had the privilego of weighing as much as ho pleased. John Eck narut rcioreou cms dduc. j.110 Austrauau a attendants woro Jliko Haloy, of New York, Bonny Murphy, of England, and Hugh Napior, of Australia. Jack Shcohan, of Nov/ York,' acted as his timor. Cattanach's seconds ware Frank Boswortu, of Now York, Jack Quinn, of Brooklyn, ' Brooklyn ' Jimmy Carroll, and Frod Whitford. Ilis timor was D: C. Cattanach, his brothor. nounil ].— O'l-ounell npiicaral tlio taller nnd hcirior. He was browu u* an Indian, whila Cat tanach wiis-vury white. O'Douuoll ucoincd almost an nimble us Jim Uorbott. Tliey soon wcub at it, Cattauaoh 'lindtnK a liflit loft tup on tlio breast, wbllo O'Uouuell couutorcd proLUly with tho left on tlm motitb. Ho took bis time, ivliilo Cattuuach landed his left iu throo separata l«adr- on tho chest. Tlicu ho grew buld ami rushed in. O'Douiioll ducked mill cllucliod us ho roso under Cattnnach's nrnis/ With wonderful swiftness he ripped Ills rixht flat five times into Uuttuimch's rib«, forciui; liim buoUVrard across tho rinf, mill makini; him broak away. Kext O'nouuell ifiiardoil a hot left at tho face, and soon lauded Ills own left ou Cat Itouud 2.— Cuttauach whs tho fiKgressor, and tried to land his left. The Australian stopped tli'o blow cluverly with his elbow, mid countered smurlly on tho Provldenoo man's mouth with notmiflit left-handor. O'Oouuell repeated the feat uguln, aud ulso landed a hard right-hander orcr tho heart. Cattnnnch then rushed O'Douuell.nud tho latter threw Hi in oil cleverly. They Addled ana; a uiomeut, whou O'Douuoll lubbod hts opponent hard an tho mouth with his left. - Tho Australian ap peared to haro a shado tho bettor of the work*. Bound 3.— Now began tho'bot ilchtlag. O'Don uell grimaced ferociously, und actually seemed to Ket Uuttuuach rattled. U'DonuoU's left How out lite Illthtuiuif, aud nailed Cuttuuach'a none, draw uiK blood. Then he put a light loft ou tho mouth, and drovo a red-hot right-haudor ou tho short ribs. Cattanach kept reachlUK for tho liody, and flualljr got In n small rifht- humler. But O'DouuoM had a clover war ot drawlni; hla body out of reach, ns Peter Jacksou does, so Cuttanach's blows hnrdly touched liiui. With wouderfnl rapidity the Aus tralian stubbed his left on CattnuaohU nose and mouth, both of which boxan to bleed freely. Cat tunach commouccd to pulf, aud his liuecs to shako. 'J'wico tho Australian 1»hbed Ills left on thu mouth so hard as to drive tho Yankco's head back, mid thou varied tho fun with a vicious right- hand driro iu tho rib*. Round ?!.— Cattanach appeared distressed, whllo O'Dounell was fresh aud coullilout. - Tho Aus tralian lost no timo in Buarring, sondlnj,' out his left immediately, and jubbiny Uattauach hard ou tho noac, agaiu inakiitg that member bluud. Cattu nach muilo a gamo attempt to turn tho tldo of battlo in bin favor, but failed to land u blow. O'Uouucll all tlus while kept jabbing Caltauacb on tho mural orKau, mukiiifc' tho blood How in streams. To vary the monotony of his left lmud Jubs Ihu Australian smashod Cuttauach hard aver tho loft eye, causing a big- black lump to appear. This mark U'UonueU mndo tlm point of attack, and hu kopt liiUnig it until ho made it bleed copiously. Near tho oloso of tho rouud Jtuimlo Carroll, seeing his innu hopelessly beaten, resorted to a sharp trick. Ho called Cattanach to his comer, and O'Donnell, tlitnkili-f the round hail ended, dropped his bauds, aud started to milk uwuy. Cuttanuch then rushed utter his man, aud Inudcd left- huudurs ou tho back. The Australian straightened up quickly, and again bittured tho I'rovidciicoman hard, lluallrdroppintr him with a right-hand upper-cut. Cattauach arose jimt am tho youu uouiidcdt * Itound i.-Tho Yankwi's seconds saw tliatlio had not tho ghost of a chance. They hud liulf carried him to his corner, aud at thu ond of the ono mluuto's runt tin wad still iu a groggy condition, so ilrooklyn Jimmy Carroll threw up tbe npouga in token of surrender. O'Donnell dauced ucrOBs the ring and shook hands with his victim. Bob Fitziiinraons, Middlo-woight Champion of tlio World, ulimbod into tlio ring aud con gratulated hid follow-Antipodoan. 