WAS IT A OHOST THEY SA H'î Mis. IT. H. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnio Parrot boards with her. The house is an old ouc, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all thc doors and went to tho theatre, leaving not a soul in thc house. They left the gae burning, however, in thc front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour thc merry humour died out of them lu a second. Right in the middle of thc room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. Thc upper part of his face was concculcd hy a mask, his eyes gleaming through thc eyeholes in it. His skirt-sleeves were rolled np, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. Thc women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all thc doors and niudows securely locked. What wns it thu women saw i "During a recent period of ill-health,'' writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On thc fourth of these nightB about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a dozo by nita! seemed Ula Ike f alling of my «am« ; and nt tlie foot of the bcd stood thc image of my mother just us she looked five years before, as BIIO was leaving home to go on a journey, or) which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. 1 was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said il was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe timi vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off ou yon when your eyBtcm is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. June Foster, ot Darraeott Road, l'okcsdown, Hunts, wrote ÜB us follows :-" / iras «o dreadfully «ri-non* I could not bear anyone in the room with mc, yet I did not wish them far away iu case I should call out for bein. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in thc morning felt little thc better for having gone to bed. There «vas often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick must nf the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and tho stomach and bowels felt cold und dead. Dy-and-hy I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said lie didn't know what toy complaint was. I took nothing hut liquid food, omi could not retain even that on my stomach. My this time I was nothing but skin and l»nc. My tnemoi-y completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I -should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I hod given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told mo she was herself once just as badly olf, and was cured by Mother Seigcl's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I wa' able to walk across thc room, and by thc end of thc week I went downstairs. Now 1 am as well as ever. I can cat and digest my food, and all uiy nervousness has left mc." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia und nervous prostrat ion. Thc original cause was grief and shock at thc violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when tho Syrup had given new vigour to the -digestion and thus fed and toned thc nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of thc Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny VÍBIOIIB and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset hy Indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the Inside of the person who sccs them, and when Mother Seigcl's Syrup does its work thc «yes and cars entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 