u\ THE STQRY fND.REW" FA RFAX: £&$ CHAPXK.lt V.— CONTINUED. i&a; i"ho following morning ;l.o received a PMottor from Mr linns, askinghim to call at office that day at eleven J/olock, whon would oxplain to him whit hie powers S&p;/hrtlD him wcro. I Andrew .was not late in keeping tho sp- gf&ointment;, although his hesytdfd not beat grith very high hopes. Stijj, he met Mr Sgpiniia vory cheerfully, and t| led to suppress Hgjiifl disappointments. It was in a littlo |p|wm,at tho back of a pitting office, in ||| rhich that gentlomon received hi'm. Ccr- ainly. there was no luxury in the premisea ||| if tho Boho. Times. The puho was musty, it»d - ill-arranged. Great Jjeaps of papers g$jj roro thrown into tho cornrs of tho room, $£» rhilo facing a- window, tho only ono, was w|p ilr Pjtons!; desk. There /rare three chairs 2% -a high one, suited tojtlio dosk; an arm- Kgj ihair,;a great deal torn, with tho springs 85e bowing j and a bair-soatod one, likewise mk evealing tho material with which it was 3st| tuffod. . Tbo'carpot had.boenuow a great g® nony years before, but at present it was W> mposidbld-to-dLscbvor its pattern. More- »TQrih . several, places it revealed tho Mature of tho flooring, j ||| Alii; Pinna wore a shorfa greasy coat, tho leaves of which were slightly turned np, 2fig rhilq on his feob woo apar of bfileo slippers, hlch had the advantages of bping very 'IrficU, you' vo como," iio said to Androw. |pi jafcs, I've como." " / EAndnot thought better of. it, oh P I p JM ft'toxpeet tosco you/ again. . Why, you jggg: gseo now the' value pf the literary pie- flon. It isn't worth a straw, 1 fcgll you, |a straw. Uml" ll hope it may bo worth a great deal to f' soul Androw. ' ' 11 hope so— jca I, hope so. liut-ilo you iW- Jw, young man, thus in the whole of wink. fon> omoD6 tbc huoUicda of- nowspupcid oro published, there's not mora than ?&ij;|buut a score that (my. anything worth £?;3a£nlJnfllnfr 9 Anrl .In vmi - Irnnn Inn I hnf i ncarJJ impossible fur aoy ouo to get on |£<£jpcj staff of those few ?" " Yoy mUfl bu writtcn for," said Androw, |Eg||aad in time " ' Thero, there, it's juR liko ino to Beck td Mhcoarogo yout _ Young fellow, I'm very ghirooliBb, very. As a ruio l- ttko notlco of tf&body; bat mytfelf,and I'm not wozih.uklpg sjjjotice of. But when 1 iaw yoa, I liked you. ffijljpby I don't know, but i did. Of courao 1 jfMiud not know what you wcro up to, but 1 gghought yoa must bo wanting employment. fWcli, It Bccms yoa couldn't gut any, nod bo 1 'Miought 1 might help you. Hclpyou— bob I ;|&>3Uli yoa must do something. This paper of /amino isn't worth— urn— well, never mind, raSait it Isn't worth much." -&j;£| 11 Might 1 ask Its cli culatlun P ' Chrcolatlon I Young nmo, know that fjiat Is on editor's secret. Never let uuj oho he circulation 'of a paper, unless It's tormoasly large ; always Buy It Is tho most tdcly-circalatcd paper in tho district, there- Spgj&r; belt medium for advertisements, etc, '! X tee," said Aadrow, mniliug. Ah, am, I'm glad you ace. Well, now ijgok hero, 1 shall do yoa no good, and you'll ma no good, that's certaiu ; bat there, do ££&ro;'caru to help in q starvation business liko f|;f»i»r Yes," replied AiTlro-v. \yJBsdly as ho wanted todo something, It rc- ty'qhlrSd an effort f«r'him to giro this answer. -/yilq&)Oj»i always thought of an editor as. a genlUlban, roffaed, thoughtful; wbJlo nero ibis littlo man tho very oppoilte of bis |Mcaiicsplion. .wj;'"Are you fond of reading I" ' Kr Good ' Canc/»Krcnch — Qcrmnn t" !WYo3, ' ' Pohld yoa translate a book from cither of 'AUflrow looked at tho littlo man, wondor- was coming next. ' ' 1;. /5!:ld'7oa think you could wrltoaxovlew of fbodtp t>\ ,< /revlow—why P,r uytf.i' havo books— of 'a sort— sent mo for .Miqyipw. 1 goaorally havo thorn slashed up sgmw- yoa:roviow thorn youriolf P" asked ';tt££mirow, thinking of tho worth of his opinion. No, I don't, but the follow who's doing work leaves mo next week— and good ;raJdauco, too. I could mako It half a orown %M,weekmore J00' could tako on that kind .ygftbtng." . afraid I couldn't," said Andrew. Afraid-why?" 'Invafrald my litorary judgment is not IjoientJy- moturod. I— I— -P . 'W'1 Utorary judgment bo hanged 1 Yoa 'vftow whether; you' llko a . book oc not, If do, say so, and say. it's tho novel of tho i>y#|ar ; and if you don't, why, say it's . waste timo to read It. Uso strong adjeotivos, ;:Mdput thorn on thick. That's what people i&imko; in roviowe." Indebd.f" ' » 3' Yoa. Nobody carca - about reading tho jMalysiB of a book ; they want strong opinions, >v;%5Siioctivea vory thiok." I should liko It of all things, bat—" 01" Well we'll fioo. . Now thero s something You want to wrlto stories Very mueb. I should llko to wrlto a fggfy 1 novol, ont's worth—" You coalcuji-do it— yet. ; But. if ovor b 4. a> pciTwon't get it read. Books worth £p$£adlng don't got a salo. Tho world of novel i<j&aderts; liko" dash, movement, excitement, iinow that to read or to wrlto them fs a lBto of time j bnt that's what novol- readors rgjnt, - Go to any of Smith'i bookstalls and V'-MSIM ohtfks-'. tho kind of novel thoy can Md they'll teU you what I've just told C<)P||ilBat there's another class of readers thnn hoyel-rcadore," .Yea, two"— and fchelottlo man puokorcd forehead as ho contlzinod,— V; hero's tho so-called philosophical novel, >t ' v-aioh-lB really-humbag," and those aro read prigs who poao as thoughtful man, hut A0 M ffrcat humboga as tho books they 'bon thoro'a a class of novel almost >v unHnown to yoa, bat whioh has a larger sale VVitn.moatof tho welhknowa Iltoratuw." k'ftrlrXndced I What?" : - " - . F.onFy Stories ' lot tho lfookll for hnva VnH - ' murder,1 ghosts, and all that kind of thing . Thoy Bolf by tons of thousands i'VJtodetdl'V 1 Ycsn Wouldyoucaxototry andwrite ' tlioae people— bah But I'm euro yon \- «: won't". . : ' , « What will tboy pay P' ' ' " I don'fc know: I'll tako you to ah yoa like. I know you'll bo dia- ted, baU! ofcouruoyouwul,butloan't any uioro for you." indeed,1 Mr J?inna woo doing a great vl. Evidently lio wa3 troubling a great to how ho oould holp Androw, and only liking would havocauscd him to do it. ,r You aro very kind," said Androw, ' rcry kind. I know I'm not fit for yor . . ;uoh, and you oro doing me real oervico. ' ' " Humbug/' saicf ' Mr Pinna grujfly. 'f 'L'horo, thoro, lcffl go and sco one of tboso "Itoro. Editoro, bail 1"' At) thoy loft tho offlco of tho Soho Timet . hoy znct a gaunt, badly-drcsscd man about ' '5l&y; yoaro of ago, who greeted Mr Pious tiiuorly, but to whom that gentleman voy aignifled and very distant. "Hero aro thoso books. I'vo roviowed -m," cold tho mauconfldontlyi "Could ' rliU cottlo lip now P" . ' Very well, Williams," said Mr Pinna tily; " givo thorn to ono of tho olorks." . " Piuoff noxt Wednesday ." 44 Very woll, WlUiamo, it— it ts.possiblo r "-Tiiy bo in on Tuesday evening." n " I d prdfer tho money now, if you don't \- Bold WiUiaum ; " and, besides, -ju know.thcro arothoso— " " lleally, WiUiamo," said Mr Pinno, with eat dignity, "I can't attond to ouch -tlo matters now. 1 havo business with ! gentleman. I'll writo you & cheque >en. I'vo timo." . A'choquo, oh P" said Wllliaioo r " why> " I hopo you'U do woll on tho Wednesday Moan, Williams, .I'vo done my best for you. Good-day, Williams', good-day." Andrew looked at'Mr Piuub in astonish ment Ho had become dignified all of -a sudden.- Tho little. man seemed to swell with importance, too, and looked as though all tho neighbourhood belonged to him'. rt.9no,9 obliged to keep such follotfa in tnoir place, said Mr' Pinns j «ud then, turning confidently to the young man, ho said, " VVillloms has been our roviowor." " What," yaid Andrew, /' is public opium to bo influenced by such as ho P" Mr Pinns bocaino silont, and thus im portant.4 - ' . From . that- timo Mr Finns regarded Androw as.ono.of tho staff of the 8oho Timet and while he romaincd on it tho littlo man magnified his ofiico. Ho never spoke olightiifgly of litcraturo; ho was never familial. Mr Finns carried two- sets of manners. One, blunt, grumpy, a«d froo — this for his friends i the other, important and reserved — for his subordinates. Tho two walked together along Fleet Street, and, after awhile, turned up ono of tho narrow alleys, whi6h led 'into a not- work of others, and hero Androw was first introduced, to a phasa of life of which ho was ignorant, and to a.literaturc of which ho hivd not dreamed. ' CHAPTER VI. ; . TUX DOTTOil UUKO. "BotU .Gpotho aid Schiller were pro foundly convinced that Art was . no luxury of plcasnre, "no.mcro 'amusomcnt to charm tho idlo, or relax tho coroworn ; bufc' a mighty influonco, serious 'in its aims, al though plcoaurablo 4q its mooxmV a sister of. Religion, by whoso aid thq great world sohemo.waa wrought intoreality,'1— Ls wbs' Jjtfe of Goethe. w Andrew had thought Mr Finns', editorial sahctom terribly dingy add flfi<5oflVdhient, but it was a palace compared to the ouo into hich he waa' tffiherod. It was littlo more than a dirty box: within hole in it, while, owing to tho fact that au. oil stovo, 'tho oidy means of warming the box, was in a bad-conditioif/uio' smell of parafllu was simply abominable. ' Certainly tlio itlnriiMi nf litnmturA did not seem crlorioua nt present. The than in tho box turned round on Mr I .inns' entrance, antlgrcctcdhim familiarly. "Holloi, .Wans, what have you got in niy way P". , ' " J'erhapv not' much, perhaps a great deal," replied Mr Pinns gravely. Leb tuo introduce toy 04 this jouug gentleman, Mr Andrew Fairfax." i Then, turning to Androw,' ho 'said, "This laMrAdolphm Vellum, tho editor of a largo number of serials for youn& people." Mr Adolphns volium looked far moro liko a barman. than an. editor;- Ho liada face that was largo, rcd,-and- florid. He w oro a great deal of jowellcry that did not look of a very flrst-rato ordmr. His shirt- front was dirty, and his nails wero in a very bad condition./ Still Mr Adolphus appeared oho nd«aid ovidently understood his bnaincss. Ho starod at Andrew as though I10 were not sure abOut his poaltfoil,' Ho hod the appcarioioo of a gentlCmaa'of means, whilo hts being there i&.tho company of Mr Finns suggested bio .-connection with the. lower 'walks of literature bo»bMoro committing- himself by either speaking in a friendly or iu on 'editorial way/ho. asked Mr - Pinns what hetmuld.do for MP Fairfax. ' " This young man has been unfortunate," said Mr Pinna. ./ . Mr. Adolphus Vellum knew how to treat Andrew then. ' . , ' ' " Ah; 1 8'poso so," ho said. "Don't -miBtako'. mo,"' said Mr. Finns whilO Androw, writhed. '/ He has -been brought up as a rioh man's son. Tho man whom he boUeved to bo. bb. near rotation died, and ho has boon thrown on the world." ' ''"Woll, vhat for .that?" askod Mr Adol phus Vellum, .looking at Androw from' head to foot; ' . " I. havo taken him on my staff," said Mr Pinns with 'dignity, " and 1 have brought him to you; as I know he could he of servioo to you." ' ; " That bo blowed I" said Mr Vellum with polite emphasis. " If ho's what you say lm is, what' uso is bo to me P I.want.no greenhorns hero." . Had Andrew been alono, ho would have walked out and left Mr Adolphus Vellum in possession of his box with all its dignity, but Mr Pinns gave him n look whioh de cided him to remain. " Mr Fairfax has great literary taste, groat literary ability. Ho is a scholar-— a 'University man, in' fact, and perfootly acquainted with Fronoh and Gorman " . as Mr Pinns gavo thb littlo spscoh, ho looked vastly important; and 1 waved his hand as though ho wore doing Mr Adolphus Vellum a great honour. Indeed, he made an impression on that gentleman, who began to unbend a littlo. 1 "And what can I do for Mr Fairfax P" ho said, with editorial dignity. 1 11 Ho wishes to enter the Hold of litcra turo as a profession," said Mr Pinns. " Ho wishes to rival Thaokor&y;, Dickens, and Dumas; so I'vo brought him to you." au tuis time Anarew naa noc spoirau. At flrst ho was indignant and disappointed, but he became interested. and amused. Mr Vellum turned to Androw. : " Of course you will understand," he eaid, "that tho author ia born, and not made. If you wtah to take a position in literature, it must be by steady peraovor- nuce; I myanlf," and ' bo swelled with dignicy, "have hod to win mr spurs. 1 begru as a — a printer's devil, in foot, and now I'm — well, Pinns knows what 1 am," and ho looked proudly around his box. " I have brought Mr Fairfax to you Volium,"— and Mr Pinns becamo some- tyhat brusquo, that is, he loat for a momont . his editorial dignity—" because I know that you— you would on my recommends fcion givo what ho might send to you— n— a — a— fair reading." . ' ' 1" Yes, oh yes," said Mr .VoUum, with importance. You must "iho'w;" turning to Andrew again, "tliafc editors in ouch a largo way as lam," and ho looked oom- plttoently around his box, "can't7 waste timo in reading tho. stofromqn unknown to literature. As a rule .wo must havo men of noto. Why, think -of ;tho men wh6 , y?rito for us 1 There's Wilkins andXowkins, and many moro equally renowned., ,0f .courso , 1 modo their- fortunes, but wo. wo- alwaya 1\. — anA rftiok to old-.contributors. Our readers aro on tho look-out for well- known writers, so I can uaauro you tbat you aro vory lortunato in getting Pinna to recommend you, Otherwise, I couldn t think of granting you such au iutorviow as thKvon to Andrew tho dirty box with a kolo in it began to grow in iiaportanco. : " I am euro it is very kind o£,y0"' Androw, ''Might 1 ask what Mr Wilkins and Mr Lowkins lvrote ?" " What I did you novor hear of Wilkins, author of TAo fjatile with the Qhosi, or of Lowkins, author of Thrco Jhcl'i ? Why, man, whero'bavoyou lived V "Well, I've lived among toxt-books a good deal/' said Androw, " and so 1 am not couyorcant with purront Hterature." . " I should- think that- you must havo lived out of tho world,". . emd Mr Vellum. " Wh». wn'rn snlA nnyiina r>i 'The Jiaitlo with tho Qhott," " "It'n a striking tltlo/' oaid Androw. ' Might X ask what it's published at f" "Wo publish ovorything at a unllorw prioo," said Mr Vhlhim. ','Wochargoa ponny for ovorything."- . - ' Androw said nothing, but -ho ! oould not holp smiling. ; Might i ask, your rati) of ; poymont t" ho oaid. 1 i,i , .-.i-'V'1,' "Borne pays a uniform prioo for ovoty- thing," said Mr Adolphus Volium, with dlimity | " wo doesn't." Hiogrhmmnrwas defcotivo at thnos, and nlthqugh I havo not Inscrjbdd thorn,, his' coavorsatloa .was' oiton garnis.W with peoullar opithets. Thu'ro nro souio/ ' lio Qfa ' na ftlwnya pays 3ixpcnco.a pago,,but wo, tappC./ila b.roc3fc/ "always roooulflo" abiMpy and ox' penonco, and uo willing to pay for it. IVo begin at fonrpenco a pago, nnu wo'vo gono as high as elghtponce-ha'p'ny." Of course, that's vory seldom j out wo'vo done it." " How many words in a pago P" " Three hundred as near as a toucher." "So if you accepted any thing from me, you wonla begin by giving mo fourponco." '.'That's it. Of courso, to get' on is tb'6 great thing. Many authors is glad to writo for nothing at flrst ; but as I say, we pay fourpence. Then wo can always com mand a sale, so we place a man before tho publia immediately. Whon wo put our" natno on tho tit'o-pago of a book, tho publlo knows it's good." Androw did not daro to ask ichat namo, as such ignoranco would bo unpardonable.. "Then," wont on Mr Adolphus yicllum, " wo translates from'the French. For that wo also pay well." V Might I oak how much F" ' "Well, th>ro,it'a a case of reckoning I against genius.. -Of.conrao, gyoius is rare, so for that matter is scholarship. Bo wo put one against tho other, in this manner, wo reckon scholarship as about equal to high-clnss ability; but not up to- genius. As I oaid, for right down goniaa we've paid as much as eightpence-ha'p'ny a pago, but for high-class ability wo poys sixpcnco a page so wo also pays sixpcnco a page for translations." ' "And if I writo something for you, of what nature should it bo " Plenty .of action. Fightin' and rabbin' and midnight mcetia's, and liko that. Head tbopolico news a goodiah bit; and look hero, you can ta' 'back some things- as; a somplo 'of- what vsJo publi8h,rl"whero- wpon Mi; Adolphus VeUum.opcneda cup board that was placed ion the. side, of too box, from which hetookhslfridozqhpenpy books, the covora of which Were embellished with plctnrcs of a very startling natural - ' ''This-U-the kind ofi'thing we»do,".c4a- tinued Mr .Vellum, "and it is the only things as goes right well. Ofjcoiu&o; I can't pfo-' mise to take what you, writo offhand, and, as r said, I shouldn't pave looked at any thing but for such aJ keboni'monddtlon as Pinns.' But if you dsU bring- mo some thing slashing — wcll/wcfro good for four ponco a pago, a pagp: ueaning-..tbrco haaurcd words as near atra toucher.. Stay, ihough; on- Pinn'o 'recommendation 1 11 give you a French thing to trunslatc. It's ajaioy thing, and we'll- pay sixpence for .that if it's well done." ... "Butsupposo 1 wcro to give my wholo timo to writing and translating fox you, hqv much could I make?" askcd'AndreW. Woll, that just deponds upon tho quickness of your working. Homo men can and do writo as many as, twenty pages a day. That at fourpence -'a page comes to six and eightpencc, which means a matter 'of two pound a wook.. Of coane, when you cau command the lop price, tho incomo 'is is— Is— princcly/'s - Ana Mr Vellum lookod like a merchant prince -who contemplated endowing a hospital ; nny 'mther, he looked liko a member of a Board of (jlffArdUns, promising some poor out door-relief woinC'S a matter of sixpence a week moro-on ac count of continued sickness. Andrew loft soon after, and wont back to his deh'with a weary heart Mr Finns ao catnpanicd him a part of tbo way, and ooiured him that Mr Vellum would, doubt less, accept his stories . if he would put sufficient blood-curdling' .excitement into thorn. "Goodness knows 'I havo. work enough at last," thought tho yoang m&n.; " Wlmi with collecting news for Mr- Pinhs's-papor, roviowing bio books; and; writing for Mr Adolphus Vellum, I havo my hands fall" And ho laughed almost bitterly. Ho sat down before his smoky Are, and began to think. It Was a'drcary prospect that lay beforo him. Ho, educated as a- gentleman, obligcd-to-work for. a man like Mr Adolphus Vellum inordqr to got bread I Surely, Barely bo could. do something olao 1' Ho thought of bis cxporioncea' in.trying to gee work, and ho could eco riobu partlolo of hopo in that quarter. ' Then his mind wont back, to tbo oid. life, and. bo thought of his oiu iriwnu. . j . i ! " No, no," he. said bitterly, setting his teeth, " 1 will rather starve tuanhavo any (hiag to do with them. Besides, 1 should go mad now to be dependent on anyono lor'my bread.4 I'll foo tho -matter fairly. I'm a .working farinor'n/son. : ,I havo no ariatocrotio blood. iamy veins.r.VAUmynn?' ccdtors worked among tho fields- for' a baro living."ifc:waa:bypureuccidcnt I'gotiiffred into anothor sphere bf lifo. I hod no.right to it; 1 novbr did anything for it. I am a' ploboian. Still, 1 havo enoagh of my' ford, fathers' honesty and pride in me not to be' depeadonb on, or sponge -on, any 'one: 1 1 have hands and brains, and 1 can work. It is no uso for ma to go" hungering after the old lifo. It con hover bo mine until T have earned it." | Again he set before his mind the em ploymout ho badobtainod. Gathering one column'of 'news a week, for which ho was to receive Ave shillings 1 . An occasional ro- view of oomo cheap book by on -unknown publisher, which might bring , him half a cruwh oxtr&; In addition to tliis thero was 'penny dreadful" work for Mr Adolphus Vullum. He hod 'Heard4 of tho' "nennv dreadful " literaturo beforo, but ho never know what it meant until now,- and the thought that ho was to engogo. in it was almost sickening. ' I'll see what this Fronoh thing is like," ho said; and accordingly ko procoodoa to read it. : It bolohged to ono of the worst phases of Frenoh literature. It. was written to catoh tho oyer' of tho Froneh. youth. It mode heroes of burglars, thieves, pickpookota and bhiaklogs. Uhid their vilenesa -by a ooat of bravado and physical courago, whilo for heroines, musio-hall f&voaritos;, .and tho liko, lost to- purity> but still mado attrac tive to evil' minds, .wore chosen, It was. tho ditohwator of. literature, calcnlatodto poison, to -ruin- tho-,ladii' and girls who might read it/ 'And yet it was .the work of an educated man. if! boro .tho stomp .of culturo.' ltrovcalodtho writoris intiinady lyith tho classics ; it pointod out on ovory page that he was a man of power.- t Andrew flung it frdm him. < Vi'/Noj no," ho sajflil. will -novor 'trans: lato saoh poison as'.tpi.' 'llndver disgrauq my pen by tracing puoh things oh paper,- I'll storvo first." « . . . . . tt . And- this was literaturo— this was thq work -ho had adopted ' : " Nb/1 ho cried, "I won fc ao it. 1 11 try l: AMnln ' I'll nmlormto'flrflf. I'vn w gwu nwt i got enough monoy tptako mo to,ono ortho colonics, .and tuoro .ril got work, as a (armor. I Eliall f|uiakly pick it up, and bo nblo to oarn an honcotiiving that way." : Ho eat down at', tho littlo tabid, and began towrito— ' " DEAB tlK PINH8,— "1 have decided, otter all, not to accept the post you idndiy offer mo as a member o Ho'wroto so for, and stopped, Iho words rciuBoil to como Jrcoly, and bo bit hi. pou- holder ttorcoly. lio forced blmsoif to writo again, however. . .... 1\. 1 tove como to tho conelosion I am aot soiled tor a ltteiary lilo,ond to havo aboadoncd the idoa ol becoming Aeain he slopped, and looked around tho room, lie thought soum oao wna thoto awaking to tim i hot it waa ffaito empty; and ho tried to write again. Inr vain, how-, ' a u ,,1 cm thouoh words wero ringing In hie cots, telling him his duty. . 'I eoa't do (t," ho said, aa If In answer, whilo aad itls at yoat peril that you lail .in your work." , . Ho' throw down his pon, and sgsin tuo Diotaro of an ideal lltorory coteer appealed picinrooiaj . WQ8 an .jmjpircd lite CTpJitng'tbo highest and best hopes of the people Ifor a tl£o his eyei ware oponod. and ho iaw that an ideal wri'orshouldhght for truth and righteoosnesa, ovon as (lidron fouoht for tho Lord long ages ugo. Ho saw liin? rovcallng to tho world tho BaPInB ® of tho time, and offoring baluw by which thoy ooatd bu cured.'4 Ho saw him w a prcphct, telling how, through purity and lovo, u brjghtcr-agtt sbo»ud dawui and a higher Ufa bo walked. horn t|me ho wns lost tohlsjorroaodingg. He wa? no longer cooscioui of tho shabby room in which no wrote. He forgot his in torvlow wfth tho editor of tho "penny dreadful '! literature. Hffscomcd to hear far voices crying for help. Ho fancied bo caw e-»gor faces with great longlogs cxprc.'scd on thorn, bat thoy did' not scorn to know what theso longings wdre. Ho saw life downtrodden and weary ; ho taw mon Into whoso oyes tho gleam of tuio hopo hod nover come. .But above all c»mo thufccling tbat ho must explain their hopca, that ho must toll tho g'rvi now, whoroby they might know tho meaning of life. I have but dimly and poorly portrayed thh part of my frlcnd'silfo. - ffonovorcarod to talk very much about it,. It scorned too sncrcd, hn said. To him it camo fin a vision from God, and ho dared not dlaoboy. " I'll stay insLoadoa," ho said at length ; "at any rate I'll stay nntil-I feel 1 ought to leavq. I feel that 1 havo another life than Intorcit, I must do my duty.'1 . Ho throw nslio thn- fllthy French 'novel. " I cannot - translate it," ho laid ; but f'll write itories. for toys that, shall bo worthy .tfacir reading. I'll make, them inter- cBting-and oxcliiog ; .but T'll mako them true, nud manly, too. I'll not preach, but I'll try and lead them to love purity, truth, und nobleness.". Aftor tbat .his miml became settle). Ho put away tho letter ho had began writing to Mr Pious, aud started to work out a'plot ol a Btory for 4 which Mr' Adolphus ' vellum, editor of tho penny dreadful V Boriei, haxl agreed to pay him the magailiccat sum of fourpcncQ a pago. .. .. '/ CHAPTER; VH/ 1 ANDBEW'H C'-VLI.. -,"flel:theoout of thy- country, and from thjrljmdrcd, npd from, thy fathoc,'s .house, unto. a lapdhat .1 will .show, thoo: and I wfll bless thoo, and thouuhalt be nblOss ing."— Tiib Book ot Gkkbsih, . . . ; 4 "fro ovcrymnn comca,.a;vIflion of him self, Mb real eelf, his possibta self— himself. 08' Gud would hAvo him bo; and it is for hlra to translato that' vision into actual life." — 8i:i,ected. . .. my frioud'a career. Aa 1 uaid at tbo close, of tbc last chapter, bo finally adopted "a literary life, because hn ' felt he nmst. Necessity was laid upon him, and .ho could not resist tbo command. /Andyutho had no great message to givo to tbo world; his thoughts refusol to bo shaped, his pen dragged heavily. Grimly and wearily ho did his work for tho newspaper. Distaste ful as it wan, ho pcrsevoringly hunted up items of news for which. wcok by wook he recoirod live shillings. He enjoyed tho ro: viewing work a great deal mo're, bub oven this was aot in nccordanco with bis tastes. Most of tho books submitted .to him wcro inferior stuff, and so he nevor felt inclined to upend much timo over them. With regdrd to bin story writing, ho was not very successful. Mr Adolphus Vellum Informed him that ho wasted his talents by not starting on right lines. "What I -wants" ho said vigorously, " In not sermons, but stories. ' What cares I about morals ! Thoy don't. -sell a book. What sells, a book is plot, intrigue/Bys-' tory, murder." " But," said Andrew, " I want my etories to bo of a good, healthy rnature." " Healthy naturo bo b towed I" said Mr Vellum. '"Now this. story/' rcfcrriug to ono Andrew hqd submitted; " would bo a right down good ono but 'or your con founded morality. Yon'vo got exoltement nnd'plot. That's right ; but I don't .want people to bo modo nnoqmfortablo. I don't . want for tho lads to bo' told that it's better, to toll tho truth thap to be ablo.t6.uso their fists. I'll uso this ono, and I'll, givo fourpence a pago as I sold, because a littlo ehnnge won't do uny harm j but lot's havo none of it in tho fatnro." ' '' K . But Androw stuck to his-principlcs. He wroto stories for tho " penny dreadful" sarios, taking caro, howovqir, notto bo .up' faithful to what. hofc6nceivoa.io;ho .lib duty. Mcanwhilo ho tnod to got stories' accepted by respectable magazines — iu vain. He wrote, on ©very cooeoivablo uub- jeet, and sont his artiolos to tho editors with .a hopeful lioart, but. was gonorally disappointed. '. Still, he managed to live. His oxpenses 'wore not 3argo, and although fourpence a ji:igo,was.miBarablo pay, ho man agoa to ke cp bis headabovo, water. In faofc, ho waa -so fur successful that ho was able to' put e> good .part of. tho.monry he.had brought from his. old homo into tho savings bank. ' In addition to hts regular work, ho spent many hours on A novel, hoping thereby ta> lift himself by .ona great effort ontof the' miserable grooiro in whioh bo found- him- ei- lf. -He started it just boforo Christmas, atid by continnons labour ho managod to fiaish it by tho following Juno, it was cer tainly an ambitious work, longer than tho orthodox thrco-vo.lumo , novel. Ho doalt with high lifo, ontoring into tho ploasures, weakness, and habit© of tho people who livein Park Lano and Grosvcnor Square. Csrofully ho mote it, carefully ho re vised it, and as carefully did ho wrap it up a wcok ho recoivod his answer, itwaabriof aud very concise > " Messrs Guardian A Co. beg to thank Mr Androw Fairfax for t ho offer of his story, ' A Romance of High Life/ but regrot that thoy are unablo to uso it. Messrs G. & Co. thoreforo beg to re turn the MS herowith." Thus ran tho letter, and as Androw read it ho' folt a terrible weight on his ohest. Tho novel hod cost him woory months of hard labour Surely, surely so much work coald'not bo in vain ) ' Failure dogged his facola. And yot he felt that this was his work, and that to it ho was called to give his lifo as suroly as St. Paul was oallcd 10 preach Christ What moant this non- success then? It is true ho did not feel satisfied with his work; but what writer does P Ho knew ho had not given utter ones to those longings whioh word surging <yithin him ; bpt then, eomohow, he could not put thorn into words. What was lie to doP He came .opt of his dingy don and went toiyhrds tho'rivor. >Tho day, was fine,, the sun, was shining brightly.-' Ho, saw one of tho river beats drawing up to tho Temple bier. Without thinking, ho bought a ticket. and: got on tho boat. Tho little stoamor ploughed its way up tho rivor in sight- of great and historic buildingB, but anurovf . ueuuuu uicm www, juuuiuubu Palace, tho Houses of - Parliament, Wes- minster Abboy, and-Millbank Prison wore all aliko to him. Tho sights ho oaw wore far away, tlio objeots that flitted boforo his mind were not tangible or real. The peoplo dn theboat watched him, so absorbed did ho soom, but ho knew nothing of it. He bed forgotton his surroundings, forgotten tho muddy river, whoso waters, spite of tho uiud, flashed in the. sunlight; forgotton. London, in fact. Ho. was living with peoplo faraway. Ho saw hands. beckoning him but lio know not what thoy meant; ho heard voices calling him, but know not from whence thoy camo. . Was he aslocp ? If eo, ho woo asleop irith open oyos ; yot surely he had again scon a vision, almost tho some that flashed boforo his mind when ho had determined to givo up tho idea of a literary career. Ho was aroused at length, however, by the croaking or tno coat, ana . cnod or 'M'imlico Fior," and then, careless of what lib did; ho landed. Ho wandered away among the monotonous streets' of Plmlico, q part of London in whioh perhaps It is more easy to 'got loat tHon aqy other, bo- bunso tho houaet and streets aro nearly all aUko-until ho found himself In Epcleaton Square. Arrived hero,, ho stopped for a second, -and leanod' against tho railings which protect tho gardons. ' A carriage stopped at ono of tho houses, oloso to where Androw ' stood, and ho watched closely. From it alighted two porsons, an olderly arid a young lady. It was tho lattor who - rivotted Androw'o gozo. Ho did not soo her scarcely a second, for she passed quickly into tho great house. Ho oould not deeorlbo a particular feature of -her fooo, ordotail of hor portion; and yet ho know that ho flhould rocogniee her if ho over, saw her again. Tho door of tho houso closed, the carrisgo was driven away to ;tho stables, whilo Androw walked to wards Victoriafltation, " Liverpool Strcot bus," shouted a man ; "all tho way for tuppence," and Androw climbed to jtho top while tho hqrscs began their journey. . Perhaps thero Is no way of soeing a largo port of- London so well as by riding on tho top of a bos from Victoria to Liver pool Street. You pass tho principal build ings of tho City, you go through tbo most crowded thoroughfares; yuu go right through tho heart of tho world. Androw folt this oa tho convoyanco rumblod on. No longer wns he dreaming as ho hod boon whilo on tho rivor ; no longer was ho insensible to all but to tho far-away ' voices and beckoning hands which hod boon so real to hitn. Ho watched ovory movement of tho people, ho felt every pulse of tho great oity. lio noted the stately hotels and lofty ohambora of Vic toria Street; 'he realisod tho grandeur of tho old Abboy and tho towers of tho great legislative houses; ho felt tbo movement of tho mighty oommerco of Whitehall, and tho imposing appcaranco of Trafalgar Squsrs. Ho saw, too, tho rushing lifo, tno crowded streets, the stroams of conveyances, tho great river of human lifo that nover ceased to flow. It was real to him, terribly real. What was Andrew Fairfax, what was any man in suoh a place as London ? Mon seemed to lose their personality thero, and to bctoraolncrcly units — drops in tho great -river that went sweeping on. And yet ho knew thero wero governing minds ; ho knew as ho passed the crowds in the streets that although all seomod aliko, all wero not aliko. Bull it' was mystery, mys tery. On Ko swept through tbo Strand, oa to' -tho Law Courts, down' Fleet Street, until ho came to- Ludgato Hill, and still It was tho Bntnd trcmOnuqis roar, tho same rush for. existence. Thon tho mighty dome of St. Paul's appeared to him, and ho saw tho golden cross whioh surmounted it lifted high fa iho hcavons. It was an emblomof salvation, and yot few appeared to realise it. Everything .was great, imposing hero. The brood fliirht of stand, thn crrcat doora. ; tho stately carvings, tbo lofty .towers, all impressed him. with the majesty of the mimf that conceived it all. This was Cliiifitophor Wro.u's message to his ago, and ho had given it grandly. Truo, tho stone walls, might crumble away, and in timo tho building would fall, but tho idea of tho'grcat cathedral would llvo on. Into Chcapsido wont tbo buo, and still tho same crowd. On to tho great civic buildings, tho Excbango, the Bank, and still Androw watched, and thought, and drew conclusions, and for tho first timo ho wot glad that ho no longor lived in tho luxury of a rich man's house. At lost ho realised that ho had been led to thiok, and to boo what ho hod nover seen before. As tho friend of tho wealthy, ho would, per haps, nover have taken tho trouble to tliink ; now ho 'folt ho mast— his environ ments had altered his lifo lie did not remain at Liverpool Street Station Jndccd, without scarcely waiting a aCcbnd7 hcrvM!<ed back towards -his lodgings. Whon nearly Arrived thero, he rualiud that he was hungry, and that many noars hod passed einco he hod par taken of food. So ho wont into a littlo coffcc-lioaso, whoro ho partook of a cheap incal, after which ho went back to his don, and sat for along timo almost' as still as a statuo. J/u looked at his watch. Ho had not been obliged to part.'with it yet, and ho was glad, for it.hftd boeu given to him by tho only father "ho hod over known. It was half-past eightVoIook', but it was a summer ovuniug, and quite light., Putting on his bat again, ho found his. way to tno littlo hotel at which ho had stayed whon ho first 1 k-f c his old homo. I Was Mr Pinna at homo ? -I Yes. Mr Finns was in tho coffee-room . alone. j ' Andrew found his way there ; ho had nol Huen the room since he ceatfed lo become an inmate of tho hotel. Whenever be hod been the little editor, it had boon in the .dingy offlco, who white tboro. hod-magnified his position, and had treated Androw' as ono of the fetaff,.al though thoro hod bcon ofttimes an evident desire to break down his editorial reserve and to bccoiho familiar .' Ah, Fairfax," ho said, as Androw on tared, " nothing wrong, is there— hum ?" "I don't know/' ropliod Andrew; "but I must talk to some one, and I havo come to yon." " What do you want ?" . "Advico." » Ezra Finns gave expression to ono of his poeuliar chuckles, and his editorial dignity broko down. : Advico, eh f" ho said. "Who listens to advico? Nobody, You will follow your own ways whatever advico I may givo." " I want to writo," said Andrew ; " I cannot wosto my time as I havo been doing, and yot I don't know whioh way to turn." ' Why,aron't you writing now P"" \ , '"Not/as I wish. I simply, soribblar don't write. 1 soy nothing worth saying!'!' " Wf»ll. whnnn ffmlfc la tVinf P" ' vV t ' "My own, I (suppose. . Perhaps ' I fta'vd nothing to say, and yot' I fool bo much." " Well, say your feelings." " I can't. Thoy will not form themselves into words. I think I want a cauao to ad vocate ; 1 want to voice somo great need." "Why don't you P Thoro aro needs onough', God knows." '"Whataro thoy?" ' Ezra Finns' jumpod to his fcofc/and straddled np to Andrew, > i " You an author, and talk liko that ? Stick to your reporting, my lad; don't toueh sacred things witn andean hands !" "Youmlfitakomo/'saldAndrow. "Thero aro so many things that want doing that I cdn't think enough about one. Everything is so big that I tail to gram)." Ezra. Finns looked at him steadily, and Biluntly measured his man. Certainly thoro wnsnothing omall, nothing wook about him. Both body and head wcro perfectly shaped, and fully developed.. Besides,' there, was nervous springiness of notion, which indi cated a wondrous vitality. " "What havo you boon doing lately, P" ho asked at lengtta . " Besides what you have known about, I liovo written a novel/' " Ah, takon it to a publisher ?" ."Several," . y Refused in overy case." Just so— vo-ry llkoly, What was the subjeofcP" "I wrote about that. of whioh I know something," "Wbfttf"; "West End lifo."' x " But what plrnso of itl" " Their lifo gonorally. Their politics,' customs, intrigues, and—" " And of course tho carl married tho vir tuous youngest daughter, and all that kind of rubbish. Look hero— did you express tho deepest feelings of your heart in writing it P" No," ropliod the young man, hanging his head. / "How then could you oxpocfe it to bo accepted. Young follow, I know vory littlo of IV est End lifo, but tho people thoro havo tholr feelings, their unuttorablo longings for hicrher fcninrra than flino anmnaa them. Did you try and express that dpoperllfo! ' Androw shook his head. "No wonder yofaUe'd, then, frit writo a eocioty novol It'o1 not in you- You would fcol it wnnto of timo to try and do- ecribo what tahcj in a socioty novel, and I don't think you aro able aa yet to tako in bund tho moro sorioiia work, Besides, pub lishers aro siok of hovels in high lifo. Thoy havo bcon steaming in by tbo thousand. lSvory concolicd fop and oieldy girl think of writing a utory of high life, who all In- dulgo in tho aamo foolish absurdities." ; " But I must writo about somothing that I am acquainted with I" !"Yes, and you must bo' in eympatby with ybur subject/ Your characters must aseos you. . Thoy mufjt llvo lu you, and you in them— their woes yours, thoir de sires yours, thoir wants yours." Ezra Finns, spoke with an earnestness that almost amounted to passion, and Androw was astonished at his intense feeling. " Publishers aro tired of hocknoyod themes," went on Mr Finns, " simply be cause tho pooplo aro tired. Not that somo themes can bo hackneyed— still, oven they want now settings. The struggles of tho human heart— and, God knows, tho human heart is a curious affair — aro ever of interest, but different phases of liforoquiro different Interpretation. Havo you thought of any other sides of London lifo bcaido that which you hav&— havo— attempted to, deal with— bah— in your — your— bob- novel?" " I'vo tried to think, but I cannot. Lon don ia too big for mo. This afternoon I rodo »roin Victoria to Livorpool 8 treat. Tho lifo simply stunned mo. I could understand nothing. So much Boomed to want saying, but I did not know what to say. I know that there is a great tncsaogo to toll out about tho commorcial life— In- duod, tho wholo of this great city lifo — but 1 folt it was not for mo T" " Not yot, perhaps, bat — well, is thatnll?" " No, it's not all. Home timo ngo I wont down to tho East End. I spent a day thoro. 1 camo ' homo feeling sick. It crushed mo ; I was misorablo for days, but I felt I could say nothing. It is a groat cesspool, but I could not toll how to clean it." " But you wuntod to P" " Won tod to P I— I longed to be able to interpret thoir hearts yearnings, and to tell how tbo day might dawn ; but 1 was in the dark— aU in the dark." " And do yon- think, you fool, that you could sea enough in a day, in a week, in a month, in a year to know their needs P Tho prophet who is to redeem tho East End must livo among them, bo as tboy aro, slinra thoir burdonS, livo under thoir con ditions, sco them ia ovcry ptinoo of their lite. I may bo wrong, but i tbiak their prophot will have to come out of tho East End. Their own product, and yot pure, In unite of ovcrytbuig. No doubc lies ant modo a sensation with Lib All 8orl» and t»jii(i'tiens vf Men t no doubt ho is a closo observer, and possesses genius. But ho ouly touched tho fringe of bin subject. Thoru is misery whioh ho novor oven hinted at, horoistn of which ho didn't Bcein to dream, pathos too deep for language, poetry sublime. Man, the East End is a world bv Itsolf. 1 don't ray to you, nover tacklo tno Eist End; but you wantalot of preparation boforo you must dare to do it." " I fee) It ; but what would you havo mo do ?' " Do you still feel that you must writo ? Must! mark you!" / Yes," sniu Andrew, " I must. Every day I hoc in to hear somo one tolling mo to writo something real. 1 ask what, and the only roply I get is, find out 1 havo tried to givo up tho idea of becoming an author. 1 liavo thought of einigratiug, of going to sen, of becoming a soldier. I bavo no doubt I could soon pass tho examination necessary for a commission cither In the armjrGfWY But 1 couldn't do it. And so, though 1 Invgcjiatci it, 1 havo written foryourpaper, and written for that ''penny dreadful" series, alway&strying;, however, to got something tetter. All tho timo I'vo been unsuccessful, and vob IvJool I must goon." Ezra Finns gavo a grunt of satisfaction. "Lcavo l/ondon ?'' bo said. " Lcavo London 1 Whero would yon bavo mogop" " Your father was a farmer, wasn't ho!" ".Yes." " Havo you novor had any desire to go to tho old homo? Eh! Look hero. Who kcop tho towns alive ! Tho vill&go; (pooplo — tho country people. But for them tbo towns would dio out. Tho excesses of tho 1 towns would cat out the vitality. The constant stream from the country koeps us olive. Thoy food us, they bring to us the ; strength of natural life. And yet the country -is ncgiootcu i.. — - Androw gave a leap from the chair, his , eyes flashing.: "I know I I'vo seen I" ho cried ' What do you moan I" . " J'vo got what I want at lost. It's all olearnow." "What will you do W said Mr. Pinns cagorly , ' « I'll go down to my old homo ; I'll try and got work on my fathoris old farm ; l'H livo among tho countzy peoplo, shoro tholr toil, optor into their life, and thon-od helping m'e, I'll tell their storr!" \- ;l£zra Pinns jGmpotT'tq. his feet, and a look of glapdncss camo ibttiis;eyos. Kigbt, right, ho said, " and if yoa aro not a fool of tor All, yon will bo a novelist, and by a novolist l moan— and, mark you, i, would bavo all others driven from the field of Action— by a novelist I moan a poet, a preacher, a leader of the pooplo, a prophet, a man inspired of God 1" Andrew thought of tho distant voices whioh ho had heard, of tho hands hold up as if appoaling for holp, and tho faces wfiioh expressed unuttorablo longing, and "heart fiuttflrfld Htirnnrrnlv. ("Fairfax," continued tho littlo man, and thoro was tenderness in his voico, "I know what you wamtodj to-do, and what yon oiight to do a long. timd,-Qga«. At least, I thought 1 did.. ' It struck t&e; tho first timo I over spoko to you, and so -I havo — acted — as— as l bavo; 'irtridd to lead you to ddspieo literaturo— and, mark you, a lot of literaturo should bo, despised. It is -moro /—woll, nevor mind 'I could havo.dono difforontly foy you, but- 1 . wanted to— tor- gob of what stuff you wore mado. T know that if yoa oould stand tho .work to which I j introduced ; yon, .you must really love writing; if you didn't, well, it didn't matter.' Besides, 1 know you sadly- wan ted practical knowledge- -knowledge which tlio last nino months have given yon. ' Yon aro ready to go out into> the 'country to' loom; but it-must bo a long fcim'e brfore ydu write. . . ; " Yea, yes, I know," said Andrew/ i" How will yon livo in tho country P" ' ' By working." : ; / - . With yoilr htfad or body ?M 1 ! ."Both," . ' ' ' ' 'Mr Pinna gaVb a gfunt'of.Vatirifaotibn. ' '""Whoa do you go.P".he skedv: |" To-morrow." ' ' '/' ' ' ; . . ( ,(2V>,fl..coni(nusd.). ; 