THE CARn)DSiAR.PERS' DAUGI1TE1R. P love at first, sight be po1sible, I certoinly was in lore with her. It was in my young days, wnen i was visiting Paris for my amusement. I had been strolling about the city nil the morning, and towards noon I found myself in the neighbourhood of ti hFaubourg St. Gennain, when I caught sight of the beautiful unknown. I stood still an she passed me, and our eyes met. Her look was cold and haughty then, and I turned away, feeling rather abashed, and not daring, to follow her. For days and days I lin.I::red about in thae hopie at ertinig lhr again, buht without success; l uilnt atIt i a niade uip my mind that I would try to forget that I had ever .enl hcr, At liilat nit t i the Imadei the ncquaint aince of .AI. Autlostr Vetrier. He waas i per. 5on of v.oerablhe anprct, with long white hnir rn a patriarchal heard. Hisi alppear. ille did n-et betaken wM0allh, but his gener. illy cnlliivatad hbI'ring.suggestCed that he had seen lbetter days. \\\e firs nlmt it in n af to wlhich I casenioalrily r.recortvd, .nr1l I sooll follndl fron his ionvarntiaon tnt he waris a itn ri :onilidernlTiblh edlauetirn. After we had iner niiom half-a-dozen tirnes, [halicpntiid to mention Ihat 1 tool; great interest in muattrn pertCainiig to art. IHe tlire informed mie thilt hlo wris a painter by praofOesion, arni inoid?'Sly invite:d ela to ccnipliany hima to Ils studio and inspect some of his works. I asented, ind lie conducted lme to a crazy, old, lhalf-tirahbiered Irouse, long Pines pulled down, in thie 'nnhtnurg St. runiiain. Hiere, having cclendled to the topmorst story, iwe entered tim stutdioir -vhinh piesented I rather remiiarkail.e nj rlearance. The ere i.re. number, of p!ictures, somno with franes and homea witollut, stacked against th wailst; and tr oanf dllusky shelves, with boo;ks, acsts, und huliiranr bones lieaped upon them., Iu onea corner was a life-sized model of the Apollo Belvedere, and in lti corner, diagoni ally facing it. ia iomplete elcleton hung sus ipeded from hooks in the wall. This, being on llhe siam side as tho window, wars barely distinguihablo iii Ith deep shadow, and presenteld stri range, spectre-lih; appear. ance. The other corneir onl til saonO side, was occupiecd by tle n rtis't' eascl and canvas, behind which iýiLs it IIy liglllro dlro'eed in a complcet suit of itnnour, and grasp ing, in its extended list a tiunehleon, rem?inding men of the ghost of Hainlet's fhther. In thile remniniig corner stood another figure, whicah was covered with a laIrgo mans of riinion (Iraliery, iilpiriently toiprolect it fron thell dust. All aborut the room, wherever rplce permit.ted, were piled friagments of old arnour, with awords, pistols, hnlber.s, and other weapons in pictureasque disarray. After slhowiii In;m several of his patiitlings. which were not inde- ed works of very high nmerit, M. Verrier lnaked meo if I would takea cup of col'ec. I ausrntcd, and he rang i smalll lhandboll. Inl response to the suinnons a young lady entered, bearing black rtflie aRndI cigear'r?" upon a Fnnall tray. A thrill of deligrul snrlprise rai througIlh Ine ia I recognisad in her thie unknrown o!lo whlios bcnauy had so profoundly imnpreisad ino on that memnor a abl morning. " Permit imc," rnid lic-" MIonsieur Cllytonl, my daughter Madolnoiello Annette Verrier." 1 bowed, and tile youngt lady returned my Sbeisiance wilt conslrunlltt e grace, blushing glightly is Fshl did so. Thlin elis witl arew, after handillg ia our coffee and cigar sttes. I prolonged my stay rather inordinately, In the hope that Aldlle. Verrier would reaplpear, but she dlid ot, and, 1 took iny IClav at leLngth, resolved to use ev aery Imelnll for becoming better acqnunintcd with her. One dIy I t let 11. Verrieer in the eaf as before, and our conver'sation hlappcned ti tLrrn upon gamea. I mentioned that I wan '1 fon oLdcari?draud.Alied him if he ove Splanyed. Ia iAlas I ol nt ow, nmosielur,"r rellied lie SFor you sea I have to be at work everO hour of the daylight ; and my physiciiandoel Snot permit that I go out in tho ecvening, oi account of my nsthlin, so I am obliged ti givOe ilup y game," i aet r ly i, t lmonsieur," said I, "youl fricnds might lla'y witlh im in your own rooms " "I lhave no friends," said lie, "who care tospend their time in amliusing all old nin. All, no i most persona can find Inore lively diversioins thlia tlat. No matter ; I must not complalin, for I have a treasurei indeed in tihe society of my beloved daughter." I hinted lpretty strongly tliat I at least would be only too happy to play witl him. " Well then, mlonsieur," said le, "since you are so good as to say so, if you Awill name any evening tlhat slall be agreeable to you, it will give ino great pleasuro to take a hand with you." I suggested the same evening, at any lour he pleatsd. "Shall we say nino o'clock then," said he. "And if you will do me the honour to sup with me----" I accepted gladly, and overwhelmed him with a profusion of thanks. What happiness I I should see Annetto--lsould converse witl her, and should be able to strengthen the favourable impression I already believed myself to have made. M. Vorrier roso to leave the ca/i, mutter ing in a half-audible tone aa lie did so : " inus remember to get somo cards, for I lave not a pack-so long since I have played I" " 'ra.y do not trouble yourself, monsieur,v I exclaiimed, " for, is it happens, I lhve two now packs at mliy hotel." lie thanked me, and walked out. Just then the proprietor of the cqPf, it fat, jovial follow, who had beon removing some glasses near us during our conversation, turned to me witl a smillo " lMonsieur mnst be. rich," he remarked, "to play with M. Verrier..' "Indeed !" SAy. For it is hia llhunour to play high. Also It Is his hlunliir to ,wit." What did I care for thaLtC Even if I lost a few louis, tihe interview witlh Annettu would more thnn repay theo sacriico. I resolved to humour 31. Verrior for one even. ing at least. The time came, and on my' arrival I wan ushered by my host into a millll and barely. furnilshed roolm, wlcreo a table was laid for two. Our supper was very limnpl ; it consisted of bread, ciceso, and salad, with red wine. Aunetto attended upon us, mixing our salad and pouring oun our wine. Shlo was paler than ilsual, and tleo absOencO of colnour in ieIr cheek rather cervcd to hleigihten tihe indescribable air of noblesse tlia porvaded all her mnovements. Inow had to submit to a disapllointmont for which I had boon whlolly unpreplared. IHolding out her hannd to im, sheI wishied mo on soi'r. She was going to roetir for the rest of lhio evening. It might;have becn pir'tly owing to thtl wine, but I fltunusll btbIeltniorold, Ild as I tool; tho lily hand in mny own I pressed it to ary lips. So kind of you," she murmured, eoflly. "She Is an angel l" I said to myself, "an angcl of gentlllnos nlld lillal a.llffection. She iias no tirought--no enro for herself; eho only stindies her father'o Ianppiner."e. She turned to go, antl-1 hardly knew how I nerved myself to sry it-I woderdred at mn y own taemerity nfterwardls : " You are quitting my sight, mnadmoi. sallo," I oxclaiiredl, in hnaiiissioned toniie, " but your iiago will remailn cnshrinedl in my heacrt for over." An interis'l of silene tlhun ensiied. Lly eomrrniilion didl liot invito convoreaillii, nild I wcs not dlispoecd to till. I was thliinkinf; of Ainnette. I nnw told myself tliat I loved lier--ye?. tlI f0cllig mlllllt be lovet for ii T1C~ome, them, monsieur, said M. VeKr.M at len th "shall we play ,', e I aqfenterl, nod he led the way to t'l tuidio. Everything there was precisely q% I had $ten it on the previou occasion. 3L Vcrrir lestinodt.In:l: e to it c:;air, -w.here I sealtd mviselc facing the easel, which was covered " with a largo white wrapper. Behind it loomed the mysterious figure in armour, while the Appollo was on my light and the skueleon on my left. .1. Verrier now removed the wrapper from the easel, disclosing to my view an unfinished sketch, in oils, of his daughter Ancltte. Asl gazed at the portrait, a few inco herent expressions of admiration broke from me. iI. Verrier smiled, and drawing up small table towards nme, placed wine and glasses upon it, and took his seat facing Inc. Toe game commenced; we played high, and I seemed to lose about three lhndred frianct in no time. I was ia good player, but I did not pay sufficient attention, to the cards, partly from a desire to indulge my opponent in his humour, but chiefly because mny'thoughts were runninlg upou Annette, and my eyes continually wandering to her ;,i'trait upou the easol. M. Vorrier gtathered up my stake with the cool indilferenco of the veteran game. stor. "It is better to play thus than in com. pany, whcio ,they bet upon the cards and advise you what to play, is it not, monsieur r said lhe. I expressed concurrence; but there was sometlhing in Iis tone that I did not like. Ib seemerl to convey a covert sseer at my want of skill, and I determined to play my very best. I snow won a few games, and MI. Vcrrier for the first time cliulleiged me to bet. I did so, and lost heavily. The artist played as if heo ihd known every card ini my hand a. species of ktnowledgo that is of transcen' dent value at deard. I began. to suspect thatb.Isi8oshAings;lsiado tils victim of some trildkiry, tfsoiis of wrli'it 'iititro ' culd nriot guess. Tho cards I ad brought with me, and it was hcrefore imposiblo that the backs could have been niaiukedi in any way. lWhat was the secret of 31. Verrier's success I resolved to watch him, iland, if possible; find out. My hand consisted of file queen, eight and seveii of llubs, land the l; lnave an nine ofi diamonds.. In taking up these cards I had: scarcely made a movement of tlhe elbow, and yet I coull see, in the spectacle glasses of *.I. Verricr, the reflection of sometling in brisl; motion behind my cliair. Angry and elspicious, and almost for gctting for the imoment that the man before me wIa the fathelr of Annette, I turned sharply round, andl was just in tihn to catch siglht of a hullnman hand, holding tfiv cards spr'ead fan-wise, rapidly disappeariti, under: the folds of the crimson drapery that covered the figuro in the corner behind me. I ad seen the faces of the cards. They wcru the quicen, eihlit and seven of clubs, mid the knlivo and nine of diamonds. ,. I rouglly toro offi the drapery, and dis. closed to view-not a lay figure, but the najestic forin of .Mdllo. Annetto Verrier, Iloldiig in her liand the cards with which hle had been telegraphilg.-Abridged from. The 11ua'porth. . A FEW PEOPLE I LOVE.I To love is ons of tie natural propensities of the humani race, and it may he truly said that lafectlon exists, in greater or lessor degrees, in ir.?ny of the domestic animnalR. I offer this sentence as a short introduction to lwhat is to follow, I have always found it very convenient to start out with a sentence or two before following It up with others.' An article which does not do this does nob possess much inherent literary merit. As my oplliing sentence lmpliedly admits, a disposition to Ihtois contrary to all natural Slaw, but 1 have never been able to ascertain what tribunal lias cogisannce of such con-. trarieyity or what penally is affixed wheu a verdict of guilty has boee brought in. : I have never lIhted any one, and I lave Snmado it a poiuntto lavish my aniections on s certain plreorsl, spcailied below, who I know r are in need of my love, because they are not loved.by tho cold world genelrally, .. TlTe person who coles-i in for tlie largest" . share of my pure affection is the man who writes his namoe SO that I can't read it. My n love for this man is unbounded, and so are the eldearing eplithets I bestow upon him. Soinetiils'hlis written name resembles an Suninlishd cil lan of a trestle-work bridge, and somotimes it looks like the path of a forest lire. If we judgo this man by his chirography, he is an enigma, and-we give him up. Thle next person I ardently love without his being aware of it is the individual who asks me if I have read this book or that book, or someo other book, and when I tell bhim I Iiave not, evinces surprise, and regards me as an inferior being. He is a lovable man to me. Then comes tho landlady, who, because I t tice partook of a particular dish, assumes that I am fond of it, and afterlwards passes it to ine frequently, keepa it on the table meal after meal, and informs her friendsand r relations that I all fond of it. Well-mean*. ing lady, she shall never know how I love her I The next in order are the persons of limited intelligence whlo argue the great questions of tho day, and set forth plans for saving the country in my presence. One assorts that the application of electricity to machinery in the place of steam will throw, the mnliers out of employment, and the other declares that it will take jush as much coal to makl the electricity. And so they argue. I wish they would stop long enough for me to toll them hlow I love them. And the rest of my love belongs to the Scolloge girls who invite me outto spend tim evening, and then indulge in mysterious conversations respecting a chum oracquaint. aileC positively unknown to me: They are 1 ood at entertaining-themselves. HE HAD COLD FEET. A nlsoAltnsDn-nous on Cottage Grove. avenue was the theatre of a very unpleasant incident a few ovcnings ago. Ono of the boarders-a young man of about twentyseoven-is a confirmed hypo ohondrinc. Among his multitudinous illa ih is a martyr-at least sO lie says-to cold feet at bed time. A cortain Dr. IIall toll him that people Sso nflected should, before going to bed, bend Sover and smartly slap tlhe calves for about r five minutes. This struck the young man to be about ar saensibln a piece of advice as he had ever hoard. So lhe put It to the test on Saturday i night. Ho bent over and pounded away at Shimnself, and all the time made a inoise with Ills mouth like tim hiss of escaping steamo. Tils loiso atracted tlheo attentlion o onl Sthe boarders, and lie told tih landlady that tlhere must be a firo in that room, because ha could hear Iteiz, and could hear asnapping anda plpphig going on up tlhere. 'he landt lidy didn't pause toi argue. Slhe caught upa pail and pluniged for tlse place at onlco. Th boarder followedl witl a gigantic broom. They precipitated themselves into the room together. m Tiheadventwas so suddenl that the boarder,' who was warnming linisellf, liild no chance to lodge, and tlhero was too luch mlomentm on th lailladlnly lud tlie otlher boarder to aermit thelm to recover themselvesin time. So thero was i collision. The landlady saw - itconllng, and istlinctively held tho pall in front of her. But the discplplof t Hall didn't see it. as Iis back was to tIle door and Ilis Ilead nearly to the floor, and before lio could look up on lcermlllg tlio door 1ly open, the vIsitors wser. ilon hl, arnd thie cotents of the pail ever ini, and the three, with the Iail andt clothes tirush, came dcwn togetller, 'hpi tle land-/ Isidy ocltealeld hersonelf indl got out of the room an squickly as alsh did willl always recnilii Ia miystery to the Ltwo men who stood lherei alid glarled at each other for miis liftcn ll it... , '' ., 