WAS IT-A GHOST THEY. SAW ? M?s. H. H. JENNIN? S lives at No. tll Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie 'arrot boards with her. The house is an old ene, buitin good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas herning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talkin'. Bat as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it.. - His nhirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand lhe carried along, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, I had selpt badly for several succesive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was sudddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling-of my namo; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons aid I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was thenerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane eoster, of Darracott-road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows :-" I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish thenm far away in case I bhould call out for help. This was in June, 1890. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick.most of tile time. My skin-was dry and'yellow, and the-stomach and bowels felt coldand dead. By-and- by I had to lie helpless in bed. Tihe doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached eo dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, when one day SMrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I wasn taking. She told me she was herself once jst as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her hus band, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of- nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and" when Mother Seigel'e Syrup does iti work tile eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 