Stenograms. There are more things on earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, and there are also more philosophies on earth than are dreamt of by unphilosophical persons. Who, for instance, BY "ALLEGRETTO." would have dreamt that there is a " philosophy of fertilisation"—meaning by fertilisation the simple and homely process of manuring the soil? We are all, of course,enlightened enough to know that it is a thoroughly scientißo pro oess, that it is the application and the illustration of important soientifio faots, bqt we were as nnprepared as Hodge himself to learn that it embraced a philosophy. I, for one, know better now. I have read the newspaper report of the meeting of the Farmers' Association held at Bookhampton on the 4th instant, which in cludes also a report of a paper read by Mr. Wright on " The Philosophy of Fertilisation," and I now know all about it. To me hence forth the spreading of manure on the ground is a religious rite, and the odour resulting there from is as sacred incense. To me henceforth " Oeorgies" are the only poems worth compos ing or reading. I confess that I now include in my reverential regard even the man who necessarily precedes the manurer, who, in point of fact, collects, no matter from where, the material which furnishes the subject of Mr. Wright's " Philosophy." I sincerely trust that the farmers present experienced the same elevating and refining effeots from having their eyes opened to the sublimity of what to them must have hitherto appeared a lowly and even menial sort of servioe. How oould it bo other wise when they were told that in order to thoroughly oomprehend the process and the results of manuring they must look, " not at the things that were seen and temporal, but at the things that were unseen and eternal" ? Nor has this, remember, anything to do with their mere temper of mind while spreading out the compost. It has nothing to do with the ordinary Sunday teaching to the effect that < il work, however lowly, must be done in a religious frame of mind. No; it is the unseen and eternal faots wbioh make up the philosophy of manuring that we are speaking about. Adl what is that " philosophy" ? Ah, that wil require a separate paragraph to itself. There is everywhere around us, my friends, a subtle substance of whioh not one oat of a soora of you ever heard till now, and whioh is called (why, or by whom, I do not know) akcua. Thig is the real prinoiple of life, the life- agent, the life-fluid. Most of as who think hare been hunting for it all our lives, and it is inex pressibly comforting to know thai we have arrested its evasivo tendency at last by calling upon it by the name of akata. What akata is we are not told, except that it is the " prim ordial element." We are told, to be sure, that anything whatever can be fashioned out of it by those who are " spiritually expert," and that man, " under certain exalted conditions, is qualified to manipulate it at his pleasure"— that is to say, to materialise it into any sub. stance or article wbich may be desired. It is most tantalising that we are not informed what these exalted conditions are. As the executive agent of a Flood Belief Committee a man in whom these conditions existed would be invaluable to his committee and his country. With akasa even more plentiful than flood waters, being in faot "everywhere," how readily might he " manipulate" it into loaves, mattros3ee,. boots—yea, Bridges! But let us get to our manure. Alas, just at this very point we find that aka*a comes forward liko Hamlet senior's ghost in a " questionable shape." The wholo philosophy of fertilisation, in fact, assumes in Mr. Wright's paper the form of an interrogation. "As akata permeates everywhere, and is to all intents and purposes in itself everything, is it not quite within the bounds of reason to admit that it may be the unseen source of fertilisa tion as yet not satisfactorily aocounted for?" And this plain and simple question is the unseen and eternal fact if you hold to whioh " you will become every way more intelligent and praotioal oultivators." Said one of the audience aloud at the end of the reading of the paper, "No common farmer can understand this." Bless my soul, what is there to under stand? Everything is akita; manure is a thing; therefore, manure is akata. The agriculturist who cannot aooept that syllogism must be more or less than a " common farmer." The news cabled this week that a savant of the name of Dewar has succeeded in freezing atmospheric air opens up a large field of specu lation as to what may be the result 3 of the new discovery. It will certainly make a great dif ference to us if we can oarry air about with us in lumps; that is to say, if we oan also liquefy it and evaporate it at pleasure. It will be ex tremely convenient to be able to put a chunk of air on the top of the stove when the room beoomes olose and it is blowing too hard, or is too cold, to open the window. For ballrooms supplies of air-ice will be simply invaluable, and invalids for whom compressed atmosphere is recommended can have it in solid blocks and built up all rpund them. Its utility for balloonists ia too obvious to be enlarged upon, but among its more oooult uses may be stated that of affording, when placed inside coffins, a lengthened chance of resuscitation for parties buried by mistake. But probably the ohief uae of atmospheric roe as an article of oommerce willbetoenableoae to obtain a change of climate without change of plaoe. All sirs are not alike. There are airs and airs. Atmospheres differ in qualities as grapes and wines do. And only fancy how handy it will be to be able, when jour doctor advises, say, a winter in Italy, to ■end daily to the shop round the corner for a a couple of pounds of frozen Italian atmos phere 1 But although Dewar's discovery opens up such prospects of increased convenience, it is to be hoped that bis process of freezing air is not too easy or too oheap. It will be a cold day for us when it is in the power of anybody what ever to freeze the air around as. The second ice age is hurrying on fast enough without our assisting to accelerate the course of Nature in this direotion by a wholesale glaoialising of the atmosphere. However, we need not make ourselves uncomfortable till we hear more about it. Perhaps the next cablegram will tell as that the genuineness of the disoovery is dis puted—that it was not real air that was solidified —only air apparent. The days of land booms are past—for a time at least—and the profits to be made on 'Change are not such as will warrant one going into eoatasies. In faot business of any kind is very much off. In such times of depression and financial shrinkage, then, any new idea whioh may have a tendenoy to bring grist to the mill ought to be eagerly sought after. Whether the business be legitimate or not does not matter nowadays—cash rules over oon- Boience; in fact that man lives best who lives by his wits. How many, for instance, have found a friendly haven 'neath the wings of the libel law whioh seoure3 to the nothing-to-lose olass their "rights" on the heads-I-win tails-youlo3e principle? But even this is getting played out — doubtless because nearly all the lawyers who thrived on such praoticos have either become rioh or respectable. There are still plenty of " olients," and to these I commend the following inoident which has been brought under my notice. A suburban business man who, if rumour speaks rightly, had not been doing too well took it into his head to give work a spell. Before doing so, having fears about the solvency of the financial institution with whioh he traded, he withdrew the amount standing to his credit and deposited it in his safe. This done, he locked up and took his de parture. Friends soon spread the information that So-and-so had levanted, and this brought interested creditors quickly on the scene. They found So-and-so had withdrawn his money from the bank, and as they heard nothing of him for a few days they oame to the conclusion that he had " hooked it." Of course the best thing to be done was to declare him insolvent, which was done. This had only just been accom plished, .however, when So-and-so tutaed op, and in proof of his assertion that he had never intended to olear out he opened his safe and revealed the cash whioh hod formed bis credit balance at the bank. Naturally there was a row, and the latest is that So-and- so intends asking the law courts to grant him reparation in the shape of substantial damages. As far as this particular oase is ooncerned the intentions of the sabnrban business man may be quite bona fide, bat. the idea is novel, and one that seems to reveal an admirable opening to those who seek to make money without working for it. At any rate it would give newspaper men a rest. 