MR. WALTER BENTLEY. In connection with theapproBching visit of the great tragedian to Albury, the following notice of Mr. Bentley's impersonation of "Hamlet" from the Brisbane Courier will be of interest: — " Amongst those present were his Excellency the Governor, and Ladvand the Misses Norman and suite, and the Chief Justice and Ltdy Griffith. The performance was eminently successful and satisfactory, though the limitations imposed as to the time necessitated the' " cutting' of several well-known passages.; Mr. Bentley's' Hamlet' has been so fr quently described that little elae tb«o a general reference to it is necessary. Repetitions of tbe arduous part do not, in Mr. Bentley 's case, as Is sometimes found elsewhere, beget carelessness ; on the contrary, with each succeeding performance, Mr. Bentley seems to improve. Every word that he speaks is the result of careful study, and every motion has imbued in it that ardor or grace, as the cose may he, which has given Mr. Bentley the name he p-issepses. Although there were one or two week spots in Saturday tiaht's ca>t, little fault can be found with the perforaKnee. Miss Kate Bishop, as Hamlet's mother, gave an excellent interpretation of tbe cbar«cter ; and as her spouse Mr. E. B. Rassell made A sufficiently imposing iuooarch. Miss Virginii Vivienne scored an undeniable success in the character of Ophelia, ber acting In tbe mad 8ce&« being a very striking performance, and Mr. R H. Roberts did moat crediuble serwes the charactpr of Lnertes. Mr. Licblan M'Gowan as P.louiua contributed to the general success. Others deserving of commendation we'e Mr. A. M. Seatou as Horatio, Mr. Maria Mtjeroni as the Ghost, and Misx Iua Laurence and Miss Gladys L;igb. Mr. James Stark made an extremely good gravedifger, having an excellent appreciation ot the grim, bomour possessed by that personage in tbe original text. Tbe tracedv was well staged, and crcdit is due to Herr RoBendorfPs orchestra for theli appropriate selections. ' HwnU't' was only staged for one night owicg to the shortness of Mr. Bsctlev'a «eason, and this evening it will give place to • Richelieu,' which is regarded as one of Mr. Burnley's most successful parts. Indeed a Southern critic io concludiog his notice of Mr. Bentley 'a appearance in this" play says—' For mv part I shall choose to think even of Mr. Bentley as fce then appeared, for then I shall thick onl/ ol bira as a truly gn-at actor.'" Tattooinc; is a new feshiou amocg the American ladies, applied to their firmfi, 1 etc, fbowiBR ol! l.ir.dc of Pgire'?. . •Bctrlii pea ia tLe iaeuuuient uatd for ti,ei operation. • 