PARADE OF THE THIRD REGIMENT AT CASTLEMAINE. A ROUGH EXPERIENCE OF WET WEATHER. CASTLEMAINE, Fbidat. Tho 2nd Battalion of the 3rd Regiment of militia initiated a four days' encampment at Harcourt to-day. Special trains from Castle- maine and Bendigo conveyed the two sections of the regiment to the Harcourt railway station at 10 o'clock on Thursday night. There was a first class muster, but the troops bad to march a coupie or mixes to sue camping ground in a heavy shower of rain, and arrived shortly before 12 o'clock with their great coats completely soddened. Tho tents had fortunately been fixed before tbe rain came on, and tbe men turned in at once. The men guarding the camp were completely wet through, as it rained incessantly the whole night long. At 5.30 a.m., when the troops were roused, it was still raining, and the early drill hod to be abandoned. At 10 a.ro. the weather cleared, and drill was immediately commenced with battalion movements, which were per severed with until dinoer time. In the after noon battle firing was practised with blank ammunition, a portion of tho forces being detached to form an attacking party. The work was well accomplished. At night a huge camp fire was kindled, around which tho militia men gave a really good concert. Lieutenant- Colonel Aitken presided. There was some talk of the Rangers attacking the Harcourt camp, but Captain Eddy, the adjutant, speedily assured the local men that the Rangers could not assemble in sufficient force, or that they would have given them a lively time of it. Tbe general opinion, after seeing tbe Rangers and the militia drill, is that although they, the Rangers, have a good drill instructor in Captain Eddy, they would not have tbe ghost of a show against the militia, tho difference being shown in a marked degree between trained soldiers and those who only meet occasionally in small eeotions. Colonel Aitken was in command of the camp, the officers present bung Major TempletoD, Captain Chalmers, Adjatant M'Cay, Merrifield, Man govan and Hamman, Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant Dunne, BiUinghurat, Harrison Bolton, Thomson, Aitken Abbott and Roberts Surgeon-Major Hincbcliffe, Surgeon Reid and Chaplain J. Hauler Potter. After dark the assembled corps gave around the watch fire an impromptu concert of a most enjoyable cha racter. To-morrow battle firing will be pro ceeded with with ball cartridge. 