\ TH E str 0 RY:; jFfr fv OF' " k ANDREW FAIRFAX, BtfOKlii; " ' ' ffiEFABIHa Pott Hid TYOBIT..' jjg? 0HA?XBk ;sik ' 4V?' '. 955® " O'bB' K6on>AMD r»W.'-' |f v . "Thou hastmo'f clarion, Jonjio I ' m . Thou hast mo forsaken i a > v ThOuhaafr mo. fdreakon/ Jamie! ' v- f 1 ' - Thou hast mo'forcdkoni ' V.; '' Tium'Aimtt'lATAiiflltliffir. fftf; "While my hert isrtaiin' Boon my. wootyonlTdcloso— Never malrto waken/Jamie, , No'er mair to waken 1" 1 : — Bobbrt Burns. Just as Andrew .waa going; out, too board ' a timid knock at ttri door. , On oponing it ho eaw Amoo CrOwo standing there trem'V ling and ooldi - »l ooatdn'tbear oeoe'oogo alone," ho a eald, ,l 1 fed I.mM i ; g» with Sja. giro mo strength, . . Ill _"Am03, Atno>,"_ mid Andrew, "it muit Sig'sSw,'00 ¥0.I?bllnK> almost faint- H'SWlf 'iL l?"18 'ruIcl tronld IraSOiS?- 5? .' 'pi timo, thank. God. I Myrtot,aUip ;or Sootyrrar, of I . thought SSli?!- ?nt '."d go mazed, «ur. t 5 «?n5S tfjP>wath 'oo." WaStl Mdrow.lod tho d|d man to a ohalr, Hit ill f„ A00®0'1 to flUah. with now light, ho jw . ?. stoop bo milch a.- nmuiL . , , 1111 m i one ray dntf by'. WgM j??' =.$ 1 tjhinkln'aa 'ow tho poor lg|| sKs"'0U(;hjb that I waa 'atd iri. 'or. sg» . , - i wua m«w» oaae my- m 2J® maW « obeoM, aho.co, had, I lorcd her 33 J1® own life when ! "said cruel things g| J? f' must go Woth 'co, I must bring Mm/0. <uid thin— then tho Lord's wlf done. I IB? " 4®01'' 88d redrew, " If you go with gggne, I'm afraid it WUkUlyou/' fHH -MM- ma/ft I dow't, Uaaetar An-' . answered! tho old man "Why, to ||||fhifik that I!ttleKltty, bearing a burden |gg|x sorrow and sjhaamo, should be ont on ||||llch a night as t bis, while hor ould granfer V«>g warmi in bed, would bo terrible. Pgfio, no, sur, leu mo go woth 'eo, lor me |3||pJp oo to flna er> lor mo ice 'or easfo ggjjfomo, and them— well then may tho dear gSgioard taaVo mshome." |lg|Anarew sawohero would bo no uso in |£g|tflng to disiuade him. so going to tho jgfsytohcn ho ' tried to get something to rengthen him for bis journey. His land- had goso to bod, but bo know whoro Jggg&e; rood was kipt, so going to the -larder took thtrcfroxa a jag of milk and soma Si. The so bo took with him inlo his o sitting-room; and pouring tho milk |g| a saucepan, 'and putting it on tho Are ggnob began to oxorciso his knowlodgo In pi cookery. , M After old Attos had drunk a largo dish M of hot milkwith now-laid oggs beat up in he lookhr mr moro strong and capable, lsnd then hlung wrapped him up warmly ifjftrith somo of sis own olothos, Andrew loa j him out into tho cold and silont night, j WoTl go to 8fc. borrlck first," ho said, i ' . ",11 iro haro a chance, woll Inquire about her on tho vsy, but I am in hopes that tyo fih all find hor in tho. workhouso there." ' . - "Wo novir shall," said Amos tremu- p iously. ' Tho .tiiald 'U go further away sgTdhan that, po'do on; but, cotno on." Bnt tholr progress was nob great., An- MrCW; hao accommodate his steps to pa|st)0O of old man,.' who, although ho lgded on bn.Tely, waa otiU weak. scAffimcWoll 8/0p ot Morgan Cross," sold , m i ' «ow, a»w iney naa gono on to saenoo 1 .why P" naked Ainos. phO to-J VawjhQ by -train.' < oftnat t but I doon't k"1' ' eafc a gnoin,>noyV' 'QdiyMwhavo givoh her some." !'& tell mo what you said to aioh |W/Anjlrow:told;hlm. & oa zhsy call at Morgan Cross and in- 8 feSin 5 Andrew, but sho cdn'fc gono : %!m " ®Jw Ain't:'; got; no money from wo; sastcr Andrew, 'cause wo ain fca gotnoan f wdJ'Blw wouldn't tako noau .Sboywuddon't, a'ur. Sho edn't gfgfsrfc f a maid." j&m;&W; Womo on to.Morg&n; Cross presently llffywipd the station gates locked, but nPi th e station master. . Been Kitty Crows. Ho j&pOTKin; that eho had not boon at tho Hhat day. The next station, more- ' moro than flvo miles away, and it vplprobablo that sho had gono to that- S»0Jttudgod on again. It .was now far and tsho rods woro very > rr AWrTilB kllght was light. Tho v/d liigh in the heavens while tho its silvory light feMrTSfi' Andrew would have enjoyed lldi romembering his mission, Spring, too, tho sorrow of tho /- JJwcoaiplalningly trudging on at 'Jt&s; Kould not roallzo beauty ' or k ; ''vip th( ihad to stop and rest; olton \ ' Vf p txicd to porsuado Amos that when Lerrick he must go to r liwci ana rffrhilo ho pursued hU f thiNa Amos would nob I'll stay weth 'ee," ho would # StglnkM blcovo the Lord> goin'to Sti, ifii-flof al. . Ho tould moto oome & ft j and you'll bo glad tllftt J to Ql JjJdoo, she's my own nialda t TJIt r"d I muafc bo thoono to find hoi'. L-. , jMthroo, o'olookjs tho morning . a StTliorriok. Tboy nf cxpoct to find hot on tbo St. Noot \- , iit .ltUifl Uttdo town. Andrew hop:d ?-«-arlI,J» "would call at tho 6fc. Iiorrlck fsJLja and upend tho night there, but "V HxtBn'od no comfort from tho.thought, t 4lda5p» ohoold.,.w»n't 'gonthore,"!lio ' tal'u dldiothlSg to hinder "Andrew «lN #M to boo, »nd kopt on 'unoom- fiy hy his side, " 4t3 fc it iroo about thattho workhouse. U,ft nooplo called it,, "tbo pinion" ..f,hStoico t whtoh he ioado hh. nny. ' y7b»fw> dliBonlty In getting a hooting > Ifisd J ho ouccoodod ot length. . b ftn/plri about oightoon callod, n. girl it or? patient looking, decontly droraod, NW.doutly in sorrow f ii, bucu o one iiuu hum » . rss. tho man sure P . ' . t. iM,howft3 0uro,forthisroft6op. Vnctift cinglo coul-in- tho W. and ouoh M eho. wod bo put thoro, witl tlila ntiorrcr tho door wao abut in iffloi heaved n'olgh o( 'JoUof, na. thoy 1» awnv from tho wotkhowo. no ,= - feeing tbothla.glrl wnonot thoroi a« 1 Jdndrow, hownodlmppolatoi. J/ hat knocks hopo number onq on tho ,.jd, bo Bald. ) ... ' 1 It wnim't no hopo of mlno, enld Amos. I No.l I knnwed thb doar ohofdd wnddon't \ there Bed- 'oo hear what ft oaiuz ' chore's , nobody iri tho vagrants war®' ;: -7 innid would novor bo a vagrant. why» ofmy own maid'p ohcold, and brought \- /to lmo suplx thirif,3. Woth wo down jro| Mtvalcr Aridrow, pcoplo wud ruthor > jinn pig's house than go in a vogrants' It. No, no, tho chcoldhas got tooinuqh : tr \Wowldirnvnfcriu!hcrforthat"' ' l lit . 1 ' A_JI L.J KnA tt A.IUlOUgU OIIUIOIY iu« MA V«AM A \ry for covcrai months, ho had not yofc . .« fd the innate rc3pcotabilifcy. of tho during people. Truo, whoa they got , thoy got parish nay, \and ' It wuii o itblo ..thing with tlicm to tal»o-it, and ' : : yo still when a few of thero had to be 1 9 inmates cf tho plaeo thoy nil hAtcJ Butthoy wcWbrpjight to a torribloox- tremily first., tAs for goiflg to tho work- houso joa \vRgranto, that was too torriblo'to be rthpught of.5 x ' Fora- timo tho yoong man hMltatedna to tho noxt stop to take. Ho would gladly 0B"1: pUc<! tolavo «ato4 ' forhSn ??a' "P0". sn >» old man'o face iSaasiss ®S?&s;ss?a'.£s1' XjOC US era An 'A ,r L. i1 the poo# maid es out in aho os"'?' ' ® qho'li dloef -i JS? Ecet? tci huo littlo idea na to whore 78 y8 Sm_g. iHo troBtod oroiy thing to Andrew, only tho foot of his trying to And bor sMmod to eaao bla nching heart. Arid- bo Andro wwen t on wlth":him, trying agho t,bo - doriao somo plah of actloa. : ho sow ft, policeman., .!Ho wbuld aek him whethor ho could giro him ftny. infimnation,- but 1 the xnonvkneW nothing. Hp had orily.boh'n on duly a fow hours, aiid so know trothlpg. ' Pcuaps ho mlgbt'lcsrn somCthingif bo wont to tho polico aUtionj it ' lay1 ton tho dntskfrts of the town. And so they madotheir way to the polico station, .Andrew, stalwart and strong, Amos loaning 'on his arm, bravely troggling by his sidq., T - ' . To Andro w thcro waanotHlag snggostlvo of a policortatlon in this'.quist Utvo build Jhfi- , Usually then was out fittlopccaaibn- ff'iho police. The cJridfWcupantaof the little plaOo worp dtbepohr follows 'ovqrr- po® by drinky- j>«rdhiuicol- Someiono- b#OTghknp fprfiftttyTfiefts. i; -'$ -r- J- .Ho found or soigesnt qf thjq pcllcepiibw- eVorrand'.priiTstue. uMUcrTSmtu. $ut he sbon found that'grpatthltclbgenoo wa >y no .means- ch&ractefiatlcr;'of- a country iQlicemftn. 5o .waft quite free about giving hb date 'whin? ho UOt his airinei.hnfc canlrl giv'vo information' that would hdp tbo J® tl Irod. wayfarers. Thoy wore just on the point of, cointrig away 'when a man, a oonstable, entered. "Es cfc a nico, olain-looking maid you do main F ho asxed, on heteing Andrew's query. "fes," " Woll, BUI Blowitt was spaking 'bout ono when wo rait to-nlnbt." " How P Toll me." "Well, bill Blowitt os tho pleocoman ?cefj?A ii®'8 tho biggest man tu the division. Ho do stand tlx foot fower in hos etookin'o, and can honld up two flffcy-slxos,- one in aloh 'and and as oisy as wlnkin, he eon. Well, ho said that he oed-ft maid going on by 'orsetf, 'bout Ioven o clock on tbo way to 8t. Linkiri. Ho snoko to 'cr, BUI Blowitt dod, bet oho wudden say notbin. BiU was goia' to ?- ®f UP ft® ft vagrant, 'oo was, but sbo tould ho sho waa goto' to somo frionda." T'On tho way to Bt. Linkin— do you known wh«ro that Is, Amoo P" . " J88, iss," answered tbo old «nq tremu lously, " como on, oomo on." .ul'Si1 ft". 4?u Wo-itt nothing but Uuo r oaid Andrew, turning to tho pofico- man again. " NotUn' olco, nothin" foah BIU Blowitt oo ft good-naturod ohap, lie wudd'n urfc a worm, ho wudd'n. 8omo policemen wud a her bapprohohdod I spook." "Come on, Moasfeor Androwt my dear, como on,, murmured tho old man. " Docs she know any ono that way P" No, no, nobody."- "Do you think you can go anyfartbor yot P Aro you strong enough P" "Qo furaor I Strong enough I Why, tho door ohcclJ 6s ont in tho could, and oho do think that sho edn't wolcomo at omo. Como on, sho may bo dyfri. Bless 'or dear heart. Como on, Maasto? Androw, and may tho Loard holp mo"' "Havo you anything to cat hero P" said lAnamv. fnrtilm. 4a il. ......1. «/i \ — '"""tt w w« ni»u«wu»t vmi you soil mo something to strengthen tho old man P' . mn't alt nothin'," mnrmnrod Amos. . "A qup ofStayP'" replied tho sergeant. -M can givo un that and wolcome, besides, a snack ov broad and butter." " Givo ittohfm," eald Androw "arid you, Acuok, you mart havo it." Ho looked beseeohingly iuto Audrow'e eyoe, but took. -it Uko a\?hild, arid of tor a fow sooonds drank with eviihatiwlish. By this time it waa nearly- fioiVolqok and in a littlo whilo morning would daWH Androw watched Amoe, and noted/ with satiflfaotiori, that his head began to droop and his eyes to oloso. A few soconds later ho was slospisg soundly. 1 "It will do him good," said Andrew to tho sorgamt « I wfil let htm sleep till seven o o|ook j by that tintoho will be moro ready for his journey." Before eovon o'clock, however, Amos awoke, and almost angrily asked Androw whv -ho had lot him Bloop, when his poor maid might be perishing but Androw re ceived the poor man'o rebuko quietly, and soon aftor tho two went out of tho littlo town together. " Wo'm goto' to find her to-day," tho old mn said. " Why do you think- ro P" "I doan't know, 'oipt that soniethin' tolls mo so. I fool it. Eithor liviu' or dead, wo shall find hor." " God grant that oho may bo alivo." "Amen," said Amos, the tears trickling down bis cheek. - - , Thoy found very littlo enooiiragement on their way, howover. No ono that thoy met had seen her, and Andrew began to, fear Policeman Blowitt'e story was. false, when they entered the little vlllogoof St. Linkin. At honso aftor houfie they in quired whether a young girl had been eeen there about midnight,hutno ono answored in the affirmative. Thoy wore all in bed at that tlmo, thoy eaid. "Does any ono in tho village ait up' latoP" naked . Andrew. -Anv: one ' who . "Nobody but Betsy Plow." "WhoieehoP" ' "Woll," eald the woiriari ofrwhomtho uuestdon wssaakbdj -'she's moibd,nomo do zay, and somo do say that sho'o amteh.- But sho's ft splendid' debtor, ebols.? Why, ther's Tom Crawl's oheeld. Doctor Lotyrio from Bt. Lorrick. did give 'er 'up, but th' o\fil Betsy ourod or.. - Pe6pl$ do say that' the cricoid wut :Ul-wiahbdj arid thrit she charmed it away. ; t- ,7 . " Is aho'an evil woman then P" . - . ' . "No, aho'e quiet enough, ounly ehoVq got funny ways. Somoturibs ehodo stay up oal night, Brio do. Th' onll podj>lb do say 'too to make hell' broth, and work' charms, but the young people do laugh at it. Boom to mo the Board School bo moken 'em give up oat thoy things. But th'oull Batsoy ea a outo, she'd knaw overy- thing, and nobody doeoino throw 8n Linkin- withoub sh'o ccoin' 'cm. Somo do ray that &h9abn;'t Hover jslaip." ' -M -Ainoe groaned. The old uisn woe among th030 who -bad not ehikori Wmaolf free irum uuptuuutiOQ. » . "Th' oull- BUI Xiadlcoab do zny eho'vo could horcjilf to th'oull Bcratcb, and oa tryln' to baifcun whun-ho do oomo for W Thlo oho oOld in a Ttl, Androw dragged.-, A. on.. Ho onoilj found old -Bqtsvif-tonjga ow, mud- wnllcd. thntohod-Ttqninot; The, found tho old woman croooinh a». 8h- Xlnkln-nnS- near 3>, hie'(\j>'Qf common land, where pool comatjj, . j,, 0bnnd- nnco, honoo thoywoco.bUj. oIf. thBn ti,0 ihhlbltanto of St. NoOto aV Andrew naVod tho old d.VQ u ag had scon i young girl bVV Kitty, nnd coon naw that ho had not oWi y4ln< "Ibb," tho old woman t. i, " Jiyur lookln' ont laoot night, vcord oun- Xodyoomin'. 'It iraa a P'.YMd. Sho wur cryln',' nnd nicd if I 9.®- hor olalp 'ere-' I oood eho wno in ti sVj,,, " to flnd'or. wlnoh WOndtowdBf Bn Vh®o. .Frap» eho «'n pit lu-tWKnlon thoio. root maid I Evidently tho' old crony hadn't' a bad heart, and both. Andrew 'and Amos were relieved to know that tho poor girl had notbeon Cub1 to. tho cold all the night, Androw gave 'the old . woman aoouploof shillings. Ana the" two trudgod on again. For a tlmo the young man was to hopes that thoy . would eoon ovortako her, but to wards ' noon old Amos' strength began to give way. The abnormal -onergy which for a time had made him ovorcomo his natural weakness had spent itself, and naw -.no was fast'bocoming inospablo of walking. But he would not yield, iond although ho olung'csgorly, and loaned heavily on his companion's ann, ho struggled on by bis side. Houses were soaroo;hcre, and there was no. place of- re freshment for miles, and Androw despaired of getting Amos on, when they saw a farm house not far from tho rood. Herri trioy got some dtonor, and again tho: did" man ooamp eager for his journey. " Let mo try and hire a horse anu. trap," said Andrew, but to thia Amos would not agree. "It would 'only hiridor thp searob," he eaid, and so-tho young manhridBtillto support the.old pne; Just aftor.uoori snow began to fall j An drew feared -greatly its consequences at' flrat,.butit proved to bo only a shower,! and 4ld not much hinder their prdgross. Thoy foutid pnt littlo to holp them hbouF Kity, howevor; One manhadpeefta'ydnng' Joman-j answering to hor description, ana hq-wavn't very snro/ Andrfiw had grave dhubta about.iindin'g 'hor, whilo old amos ftps often became' tremulous, and his oyes had a despalrin# look. Fresoatiy tho light began to wane'. Thoy had walked trio tost tbrbo miles without seeing a single parson pf whom ftn inquiry oorild bo made. They wore five miles from 8t« AVhiffiu, there was oo obanco. of getting a oonvoyanco, whilo Amos wasqnito exhausted. " WA'II hnvA 4A iria. IX » 4. \- |)i,utk up ivr w-uiguii, Amos, ' said Androw, but tho.old man said nothing, ho was looking steadily on trio ground. u 1 think wo moat try and get a bed at a formhouoo somowhere," but Amos did not speak. "What do you see P" asked Andrew. For reply Amos pointed to tho ground, whilo tears of joy tririclod down his fsco. CHAPTER XXII i. WHICH tubt VOUHO lIBn. Together they knelt. ..." And sobbed out tbo prayer which tbo Divino tenderness uttered for us, and which has been echoed for twenty ages sinco by mil lions of sinful nnd humbled men. And as no spoko tEo lost words of tho supplica tion, tho mother's bead fell down on her boy's, and hor arms' closed round him, and together they repeated tho words, For over, and over/ and ' Amen/ " — TIUCKSIUT. At first Androw could not understand what tho old man meant, but presently ho saw a-footprint In tho snow. "B'i bcr'sl". cried Amos; "she had thoy shoos mondod jlst afore Christmas, I kuaw tho clout at tho too." " Lot na follow qulokly then, for light will soon bo gono." They crept slowly on, carefully keeping by tho foot-marks, but prosontly had to stop, thoy had bccomo so indistinct. For a few seconds Andrew loft Ainoa alone, and walked on by himsolf, watching care- W.J all tho way. Whoa he camo back ho " Somothirig has happened, Amos. Sho has not gono towards St. Whifflo apy further ; ot any rate; thoro aro no marks," But Amos did not answer. His head was bent oloso to tho ground, as if ho still saw somothing. "Sho's gono up this lane, Uoastor An drow,/ ho said slowly. " My eyes be sharporn yours. Qomo on." \- Androw looked and found that tho old man was correct. The footsteps bore to wards a huie.which "evidently led to somo 'farm or1 mill. Ho- opjtoecL'the gate and the two pasaod in together. .-'The snow was dooper !horo, being undisturbed by the wind, thua'tho tracks were far more doar. It was well it waa so, too, tor the light was failing fast, and before thorn was a wood through- whioh the road lod. " What induced her to como in horo, 1 wonder P", thought Androw aloud. . " Shoknawa shocuddon git to Sn tottfeht," said Atiios, and eho sood a house// PjJKrfdriarmktcL I hopo wo'm to time, Moastor Androw." ; The wood proved to be ono of stubbW undergrowth, y?ith hero and there a tail troo, but tho road was good, and the foot marks -tolerably plain. ' Tho wood was porbapa aquartor of amllo long at this poiut, and before thoy camo to tho end daylight had gono. Still thoy did not fear. Thcro was too reason why sho should' turn aa.ido from tho road/ aud although thoy could not traoo hor, thoy bad no doubt that sho had gono to aome-houso to which tho toad led. Whonthoy got to the' erid of tho wood Androw etrnok a match and soarohed for footprints, bub oorild seo none. Thoy walked ion a few.yards and looked again, but in. vain, i ' " Androw, Monster Andrew/1 said Amos tremulously, " euroly nothin didn' 'appea to'er-tothe 'oodP" - Andrew was silont. " Tedn' no uso goto on of wo ooan't zeo tho dear maid's traoks," continued the old man. | " Listen." Tlioy could heartoothtog, "I thought' l hoord a moon," sold An drew, " hatk-thcro it is again I" « Kb et tho pore maid dyin', I wonder P" eald Amos with quavering voioe. ' "It comos from the volley," said An drow, "perhaps it's not she. May bo it's only some cattlo to a shod." " 1,07,00 go ana sco, esta Amos eagerly. " Yos, thcro it is again/' said Andrew, "oomo on." Ho jumped oirer the fence as ho spoke, and- found his way across a meadow, whon hOfitoppod arid lookod aroand Mm. Yes, o!q0 b/ uim was'a shod, evldontly usodos a oort of , cattlo house. It was to a sheltered placo, too, and ovidontly in- tendod 'for- a kind of refugo to hard weather. -Ho madohis way towards it, bearing another moan as ho did so. Ho was nothing in reaching tho house, and on ontering spoke to a whisper. "Is nny onohero P" bo askod. '"Thpro was no' auewOr, bat ho thought h6 hoard a movement among tho straw. " Kitty, Is that you 1" Tho only roply waq a smothered sob. "Tell mo, Kitty; is that youP" he re- posted. "1 am Androw Fairfax. You know mo." Still no roply, savo a trembling noiso amidst tho otraw,' Androw atruok anothor maoh, and in its light saw . tho pVoatrato form of a woman. Ho hold it 'clooo. ., xes, it wao Kitty's faco. Sho bad dragged horcolf horo— perhaps io die. <i Kitty, my girl,' ' said Andrew, 'f Kitty," .rri.A.fa. ImaW. doa<\- Doa&'fc toUgraofor," / ' "WhyP" I've diagracad un. Ho'll novor hbuld- unbcB 'oad again. Idodn' wnnt-I ouddon . ' H,n look of Data on kca faoo, eo — Ir-Icomo an»7- Ho wonn't mind now 1 "Yom crandfathcr ta longing io noo yon homo. His heart is breaking to sop "Doanlight no moro mntphcB. P?P might find out. Thcrooft nnU jletaUttlo way up. You bran'tteUin' mo tho truth. Ho must hate mo, I'm auro' tg "He loves sou moi® than over, iio wants you to como homo. . Your grond- motherftoo/ii) breaking borhcart beoaujio yori'vo gono away.- Como homo. Ahn wnll/'i . _ - i. M'Idnrn't. You don't know. I— 1 1— Como homdi Kitty." 'qth'my dnrltn1," Bold AmoJ, " M ,iivV littlo maid P" VA'o thatf" . . .. ' " Toa yor Iovin' ould' grander,' my.door, £>oau t mind nothin', my Jittlfi mhia. ?,Lov overybody arid everything do thoir worot. I doan t mind now I'vo found 'to/', 1 Braufrr, I've diagraecd 'co, I've — that is, I left homo, grantor— " "Novor mind,- my littlo ' maid, como omo. Thy ould granny hor got th'O tittle room you've allays 'slaipod to oal tidy and spruoo." , " I mainod to mske ot oal right, I thot that ho— lio mn fn said ho wud, but— " . '' " Never mind, my bootlful littib ritaid," murmured tho old man; "comb tome to thyould granny." Tho girl roae from tho hay, and' laid he# faco on his witborod ohook.;- -. l..' .- v "I como away .to die, she skid, "! thought, 'I hoped I shud. Twos, terrible' wlsht lyin' oal lono, but I "dodn. want for anybody— to— " " Novor mind, my darlto', como 'omo wi mo, Hero's Maastori Androw, «?-" ho lovkod around the shod, as -if ejqpoctlng to soo trie young, man. 'But ho Was . gprip.'- "With rapid stops, :ho had f o unrf h is - way towards,' tho ml»,l6avtog tbomalono. v ' ' " X Wodnh ffrsid to dlo," sho wont on— "at least; not after k bit— t thought at first that; 'everything wus black, an' it neomod ,as-ef thoro wus somo ovil things round mo, but it oal went aftor a bit, and .l.wadn' 'fraid. But, grantor; 1 soom so far from homo." " Can 'eo walk, my bootiful P" askod tho old man, tondorly, " Androw '11 houtd 'co ono sldo, and yor ould grantor tho other. Wo cud noarly car too " " Not far, grantor. I onddon walk far." " What shall no doP" moanod tho old man. " Whoro's Moastor Androw, 1 wonder P Furoly 'oo odn' gono far I' " Fm ootd, grantor, very ccld. Do too think I shall die, grantor? I doan't mind. ag uo»u « iovo mo no longor, an — . Tho girl hid hor faco in hor grandfather's shoulder again. "Hark I ' criod Amos, "there's somo body aomtoV " This way, bore," ho heard somo ono say, " That's Moastor Andrew's voico," criod tho old man, " I wonder now— I wondez now— ef— " Androw camo up panting. "Tho mill is close by," bo said. " Thoy aro kind pcoplo, thoro. Kitty can stay thoro if aho will. Or thoy will lond us a covered spring cart" "Thank .tho Loard," eald Amos, fer vently. - M What will 'co do, ray darlln' P" " Grantor, do'eo forgivo mo P" criod tho girl, tremulously. ' Forgivo ee, mjr bootiful maid I" mur mured tho old man. " Bloss tbo Loard. Ho'vc took away overy bit of 'ardness out ov my heart." "Youdoan't mind.?" " I doan't mind notbin/ cf I can 'avo 'eo ssafo, my darlln'. We'll manago, novor fear." "Then, grantor, I'd rathor go tome— and— dio thoro," said tho poor girl. " Bless tho Iioardt" cried tho old man, almost joyfully) "but eta too bear the journoy, my littlo tnaidf-' " I con boar anything now, grantor." Androw rushed away Again, and a few minutes later they hoard tho sound of horses' hoofs and of wheels. They m«do tho miller's covered cart comfortablo hud warm. Androw borrowed bod- clothes and pillows,- and in a tow minutes tbo poor girl was soatod thoroin, with hor head loaning against hor grand- father's shoulder. I knawod 1 ohutd find tor," exclaimed tho old man, joyfully; "I tould too so, Maastor Androw. Youwuddon 'avo found hor but for me. Bless tho Loard for His goodness, I'vo got tor safe. An' you, MaasUr Androw, aye, my deear booy, tho Loard 11 rowara oo. Thoy started tho journoy homo, Andrew seated on tho eoat outside with the miller, while Amos and Kitty were withjn away from the wind and cold. .'For a time they rode on in silonce, tho miller evidently de- sizing to say somothing. He hitchod and twisted aboat a good doal, as if in pain to bring forth the thoughts in his mind. 11 'Lotions of yours P" ho said at longth. jerking his bead towards Amos and Kitty, " No," replied Androw. " Tho m«ld yer swoothoart, I spoase P" 11 No."-. . "Ah— but— but you bo a town's oh sp, -"''.fToij.""./;-' . : . "Ab," arid ho lookod at Andrew sus piciously, arid was silent for flvo minutes; Thenho8aid— " I had a tokon." "A token?"- ; - . .. "Ip3, a tokon. I wadn for takln' no noatioo; hut Jinnifor would. Sho wad 'avo it that somebody was a-goin to dio. 'Tea explained nowi" "How?"- " Tokens allays come when snmmin es going to 'append ,A bird flattered . tbroo titoea 'gainst our winder loast'night, so I knnw'd sutnmin was oomin1 'Xes this maid. She'll die." " Hush, thoy'll hear you." " AU right, but porbaps she waan't. It may not. bo a grey dovo that fluttered ,'ginet tho winder." u What do you mean ?" . " Well, whon a grey dovo do come, and flatter, it do main a token of death, whilo if 'tcs a spiokotty (spotted) dovo, it may main other things, aloh as a fortin', or a cow, or— well, lots o' things. A spiokotty dovo oomed to my winder tho nignt afore 1 war married, and again afore our Hosea war bsrn, ho did, as sure as I'm callod Zaoky CpwlinV I It was a woary journey to St. Neot, to Androw a painful one, for ofton ho rieard Kitty sobbing and Amos trying to comfort her, but the miller kept on talking provo Andrew's education. At St. Lcrriok Androw left tho cart, and oalled at tho doctor's house, aftor whioh bo walked beside tho cart, for he was cramped ( aud cold. Ho vould bavo gono on ahead, for bo ce<yuo faster than the;: ambling horse, buPre jvantod to. bo noar.. leet Kitty should' need help that ArijcouJd not give hor. When they arrived at St. Noot village, . however, and seeing that Kitty setmed all right, ho ran towards old Amos' cottage, in order to prepare for their coming.' ' By this time dt was brood daylight, in deed, far into tho forenoon, but thoy were not notiOod, for which the young man was glad. Ho found poor old Sally sitting be fore tbo fire, rooking to and fro. Two nights had her husband been away from he#, and oho know not whoro ho was, and this, added to hor anxioty about Kitty, had complotoly crushed hor. . Sho ' looked up at Andrew's oritranco with a look of beoooorilng in hor eyes. " Maastor Andrew ?" sho vald. - ' "It'o all well." > "Kitty P" "Both Amos and Kitty will ooori bo horo." " Praise tho Loard for oal His marelcs," sho criod, tho toars trickling down hor chocks. , i A fow minutes later tho cart drew ppin' front of tho cottogo. - / ! ' CHAPTEB XXiy..' ; . y.' , jjak and wife, ' "So long Thy powor hath blowod riio,' sure . it stiu 4 Wilt lead mo on,/ ; .. O'or moor and ton, o'oc -crag and torrent, trn Tho night is gono.» Then with tho mom thoso .vngeUivoicoE smllo- ' ' Whioh I havo lovod long siuoo, and lost awhilo. . , f , — Nri>7MfN, Andrew did not remain, at tho cottao aftor Kitty was token indoors, but instead hurried back to St. Noot.. Hq found.that Miss bezant bad Jjcon tnio .jto h®r word. The villagers all rojolood at haying nocos- \erity foodi whilo .work had been found for tho. nccoWtous until they;oould -re turn to their ordinary avocations. Ho was greatly rejoiced that this - was tho case, for ho tolt. himself unable to do any moro. It was now throe days slnoo he -had had any proper root, so finding hla way to W8 lodgings, he throw himself on Sis bed in order to get some sorely-needed rbat. , When ' ho awoko ho .'hoard ; somo ono knookipg at his bedroom door, 1 Ho found- that jt wfts 'broad daylight to® and for i a timo ho qould hardly 'realise his whoro- aboate/ i, " Mr ?FaitC4k/' Mr- Fairfax/' sMd ' his landlady. . m 03' Hafq I slopt longP" Evor siricq yesterday noon." Anything the. matter ?" - .v.' r ... " Amos Craws wants you/' .. < v. - " Amoa.) .'oh, ;alj wighfe i I'll j;bo ':d9Wa, soon."'. . „ V>.v. J Ho hUrtJpd dowriaiai&/nud :fourid - tho. old nrnn waittoftzjousfy, r< Wll tochmo rip to' our touso Haas tor - Andrew P" ho ksid/ tremulously. ' ' i', f ' Anything-iho- mattor P" '"ThovdeoOr maid do'waut to soo too, suit." .. Andrew quickly ato tho breakfast, that was . prepared tor him, and . wont on by Amoa sldo. Tho old' man did not speak, but ho looked in the direction of his cot tage, and thoro was a dreamy faraway expression in his oyes. " Is Kitty- woll enough to eoeme ?" asked 68 oam® nP tbo cottago. Sho's waitin' for too, sur, waitin for too." Silently Andrew tollowod him into tho f00® where tho youog girl lay. Sho looked vory pale, vory fraguo. " You wanted to sco mo, Kitty," bo said, gently. ' 7 V?1 t Maastor Fairfax. I'm goin' to die." von o say mat, replied tho young Bho shook hor hoad. "I know," sho " 1 know. Do you think I would havo asked you hero clso P" and a flash camo on hor palo oheok. " But I'm not afraid to dlo, no, not a bit." " Bless tho Loard," said Amos, fer vently, "sho's ono of tho Loard'e doar children, for oal tho world may soy. I toll eo tbo golden gates of toaven will bo opened wido for sno." " I bcliovo thoy will," replied Androw. " I'vo no foar/ said tho girl, " no fear. At first I thought there coiud bo no hope for snob as mo, and then I scomod to seo Jesus spcakin' to Mary. Arid I seemed to bear Him say, ' Yer grantor havo forgiven you i and l Iovo you a thousand times moro than he. I camo to dio for you. I've had no fear since, for I soom ss though I'vo boen rcstin' with Him." For a miauto there was a silonco, then sho went on i " Bat— but— I want to bo his— his wlfo atoro I go. I'vo so namo,you know, and I want to bo callod Kitty Candy atoro I go," and sho lookod up into his eyes with a beseeching look. Androw saw what sho meant. " If it can bo, it shall be," ho said. Ho wont away without a word more, and hurried across tho field towards Tre- vadlock. Ho was not long in finding tho younw /armor, and without hesitation ho told hislstory. , u You main that T uiost marry horP" said young Sim. - "Just that". )' . ' " Bat what will Miss Martin say P" "Cundy," said Andrew; "you must do this. You've killed hor, killed hor as surely ao if you had stabbod her to tho heart with a knife, and now you shall make what reparation you oan. Tho girl is your wifo in rcftlity, you must makohor so in the eyes of the law." For tho first timo ho seomod to roaliso wiiQi, oo nou dono. Hitherto, ho had scomod only afraid of consequences, caring nothing for tho sin itself) now, for a malnuto, bo seemed to boo himself as he was. " Sho loves you/ went on Androw, " she waa ready to saeriflco everything for you. Bo a man, Cundy ) do what you oau now." "Ib it possible?" ho said at length. " Can wo be married out ov ohurch P" " I will arrange everything," said An drew, " if you will bo a man." |i Foraminutothoyoungfarmeretoodasif fighting with o great temptation, then ho burst out passionatoty ; , No, by heawns j ydtf shrill not do it. 1'il -I.on.iove she4-my Kitty. : I'll go and spaik to the passsni snd over/thing. Come weth mo— oomo l'' \ " There was a now light in the young farmer's eyes, as ho took hold of Andrew's "Whore are you going P" askod An drew. Goin' to Kitty." Ho spoko ho other word till thoy roaehod tho cottage, whoro they mot' Amos. ' Tho old- manto'Oyqs: flashed dangerously' as ho saw his grandoIfiia'Addsttoyor. " ' " What'do too frlrit KoroT' ho risked. 5 " I want Kitty; £ want to seo m-wifo/' For a minuto; tho ' old man seomod stunned, then borlda .tho .way to Kittyto. room. The twb-'ontorod togothor, Kitty looked up with- jqy in hoc oyCB. ' 1 " Leave usalone," ho saidioAmos, "I want to bo with my-wifo." v There was now strength; now.power'in his voice, and wondoringlv Amos oboyod. ;; "Havoyou left them alone togothor?" asked Andrew. ... "Too, and tore's mothor, sho's como away too/'.and Amos turned towards his wifo. In abont a quarter of. an hour young. Sim como book, "Como with me," ho said to Androw, ' and seo that I do the right thing. I hatc you, you've made mo seem like a dovil. But novor mind, I oan bo a man as well as you. Kittyto my wife, do you hear P Toll overybody thatl'saidso. My wifo I I'm goih to the passon now. I want to as- rango everything eo that ho con come and marry us. Do you seo P 1 want to mako haste ! Kitty may— may — come- on, quick 1" ' Tho two hurried, to thoi rectory, arid ware, soon oloBotod with tuo olorgymau. Young Siui toMhia story, to'd itas though ho wore anxious that ftlL evil should bo laldonhim.- . ' " I want too to marry us, Passon Ohilds," ho Bald )! " sho os my wifo, but I want oal tho world to know it." . Tho otorgyman spoko of tho irrognlarity of tho proceeding. . - . "That's nothing: to mo. This Fairfax says 16 oan bo dono. ' .You must oomo and do it. Do you hoar ? Vl'm going to mako overy arrongemont,' and ou aoon as posi elblo III lot too knaw." Two days after thoro wao a ourioua gatboring at old Amos' cottage. 'Kitty was still alivo,- but hor faco was flushoa and hor oyoa -flaohed strangely. Paroon Childo waa thoro too, -arid. Andrew, and young Sim, arid tho doctor. / / ."Is all ready and right P" said-' tho young farmor to tho.olorgymrin, - . > ."Yes.yci, Dboliovo'th'at?V "That 11 dd. ;"; Now.-Eriirfaxyou ehall ' soo that I'm a man. as good as you/ 1 iovo Kitty ) sho's'my jyifo#f'..i'in going to. mako hor so by lair,; PaesOn', ore you ready F" /TheyjpaJcrfldthobodrioom. yiKittjr'taif panting on trio scanty pitiowa, .WtiJiVa bright' lok ' in hor: qyes. Sho watchod. pimiB fat o': with, on. anxious "erf :preMldn/and.,.thon;nhoft hoop®® to hor eidpsho took his haija aiid'.'cai(jsccd 'it Totf arrangod tiomso!vo arepnd tho bed, whilo tho clergyman dponedhip book.- "Grantor, granuy," eaid Kitty, . "! should llko to havo tbotho cacramont before I—1 ',r " Havo you" br6.ad and wido 'said iho clorgyman ) " if Bo, It-can bd ndritinlottr'cd atonco." : // ; "Maastor Androw brought somo'/Wino laaat -night," . Eald .the old woman -with quivering /voico, hilo'Bim looked angrily 'at Andrew, os- though ) ho loathed the thought of his doing, nuythinc; which ho himself ought -to havo dono, Tho wind wno ' ; . v. i- ,«v - - brought into tho room, and toured into a crip. 1 : ' ! ' > ; 1 5 . . .'t " If there wore timo, wo might havo bad tho saoramont' onp from tho onureh," said the clergyman, as ho prepared to ad minister tho saored rito;. "Let grantor giro it mo/' said Kitty, tremulously, " It would socm bettor from him." The clergyman- looked indignant, and seomod abont to' speak, but onoi look at old Amos faco oheoked him. There was tho look of an inspired prophetitvhis eyes, and hooHcss of tho . rector's presence, he- toll on Sis kuocP.' ",Ldt tis pray/' bU/Eaid. - - Thoro was: a ''.wondrous; power In '-his Toioo, aq thorigh Onri'mightior than -ho .spoKo tbtougKnim, and in spite of. overy- tqing i tho old priest kholt with' tho rest /'JDear Loard," said- Amos, 'in faltering accents, "Thou knowest triat ono of Thy little children hov como back to Thy great heart. Tho dootor do say that wo caan't -keep her horo, Loud, .and so wo come to Thoo Iri this tray. Thou didst oomo among ns to toll ua of Thy Iovo, and to show- ua tho way of lifo, and now wo commemorate Thy dyin' love. Thou art vory near to us, Loard. Wo feel Thoo, and so we know that this saoramont will bo very prcoiouo to our souls. Savo us all from ain— holp as to forgivo— oven our enemies. Ay, thoy who'vo wronged us, as Thou knowest, Loard, 1 do, and Loard Jesus help us to Bay, Thy will bo done." Thoy roso from their knees, and then Amos, with trembling limbs, but rover- ontly, partook of tho broad and the wino, and gavo to the dying girL " I know tho dear Loard do forgivo mo," sho said, "for I Iovo Him so, and I havo such peaoo at my heart." 8everal times tho reotor seemed abont to protest, but. was anablo. A hallowed prosonco uorvaded the room. A Power was thoro hloh forbado priestly assump tion and bigotry. Thoy seomod to bo all led to tho heart of things, and saw that re ligion was of tho Spirit raid not of form. " And now," said Amos, " will you do your work, Maastor Childs ?" The rector opened his book again while young Sim took hold of Kitty's hand. Solemnly tbo old olorgyman read tho servioo, firmly and steadily did young Sim make his responses, whilo quiotly but elotrly did Kitty say tho words that made her his In tho eyes of tho law. " Simoon Cundy, wilt thsu havq this woman to bo thy lawful wedded wifo ?" " r win." "Kitty Crews, wilt thou havo this man to bo thy lawful wedded husband? . ." » I will." Young Sim placed tho ring on her finger, while a wan smllo crept over her face. " . .. InthonamoofthoFathor,8on, and Holy Ghost, 1 pronounce you man and wife i whom God hath joined together lot no man pot asunder." "Parson, aro wo married now, arc woP" " In tho eye® of God, yss i but yon must sign tho—" Bring tbem hero, quick." Tho books wore brought, and each signed, Kitty writing her namo clearly and loglbly. " Aro wo marriodnow f" asked tho youog farmer again. " Yos." " In tho oyes of tho low ?" "In the oyes of tho law." Do you hoar that, Kitty P You aro miriolu-thoy®8 of th® law." Sho looked up At him with a glad smile. " My husband/aho'said, softly. She lay back on tho pillows, whia groat change camo over her. A film wept, ovorheroyes. " Help, criod Sim, " her hands bo gittin' cold/.' Tim dftntar njvmn roar. ntiA afcnnV hia head. . % " Sho is going fast," he Said; " tho uu- natural strength whioh she possessed is gone, and now, . Bhe'will go out Uko a spark." ,: ,f She mustn't," cried tho yonng fanner "She's my wifo, do you hoar, my wifo I Look up, Kitty, my darlln' ) spook to mo. You are my wifo. You aro Kitty Cundy." But Kitty epoko not, while hor oyes closed. AU stood silently around by tho bod- side and watched the dying girl. Pro sontly sho lookod up, again, whilo her hands pressed those or her husband. " Will you knool and say ' Our Father with mo P" sho said to 81m. '-'-Kbnwumg farmer knelt down, sobbing Uko A child, S-s "1 always loved you, Kitty/' ho mnr mnrod," only you." Sho did not reply savo by wan smile. ana tnon negan too x«ora s rraycr. word by word thoy repeated it together until they camo to tho words, "Ao We for givo them that trespass against ua," then erie stopped. '' Whom God both joined together lot no man put asunder/' sno murmured. "And wo aro— ?" ' "-Man and wife," aafd Sim, huskily. "For ©voi and over F" she murmured. . . . " For ever and over, so help me, God," .. Hor mouth moved as if srie said Anion , but thoy heard no words. For a minut© thoy thought she had .gonq bub the life was riot yet extioot. Trie iipC atiU quivcrcd. the breath still came. .After a tow seconds oho lookod up witri a glad look in hor eyes. ' ; " Ysu are not disgraced," sho e&id;, look ing towards hor' grandparents, "I am Ms Tears trickled down their wrinkled fooos whilo Sim said, huskUy— " Yes, my God, my wife." '/.For over and over," she 'murmured, as if in a dream ; then a sriivor passed through her frame— and thoy know triat all was over. , urn amos looxea at cne sweoc prnoia face, and lifted his oyes upward. /'Lord, now lottcst thou Thy servant depart in peace, tor mine eyes havo eeen Thy salvation," ho said, solemnly, when one by one they left tho room, loaving the man and wife together. ' To la continued.) First Dramalio Beportor— " Say, did you hear that . sensation about Mmo. Prima- doon»'j -amondsl" - Second Bopoitor— "What I Are'ihtyolcnagainf" First Reporter— "No ; they're fcai. - She— "There Is a wonderful fascination about the stars ; dou't you think so V He— "Indeed thcro is." Sho— "I'vo forgotten most of my astronomy, though. Triat/ ' I be lieve, is Venus | rint whioh io Adonis ?". 1 Wfacnover tho ptano ceased There was a great furoro, And thoso who understand it least <. Were loudcat to qqcqic. Me Wiokwlro— '/ What Is that woman across the way trying to elng P" Mrs Wick wire— "'My Sweetheart's 'tho Man in tho Moon.' " "Mi" Wickwiro— " Woll, if ho don't hear her,- it isn't her fault." Mrs Fudge— "Oh, yea. you. laugh at women as shoppers ; but I'll bet, if I bought your cigars, your smoking bill would boa good deal smallor tbanit to riow/' Mr Fudgo — r haven't tho least doqbt' of It," Dora—" Is that newwatoV you are having mado a oreation of yonr own V. Cora—" Yea lam going to call It tho now navy design." Dora— "What fori"' .Oora— !'Bocaoso I cxpoct it te be bo well armed."- .. "So you say Professor Gufllus expressed a gro&t;'aeal of latcrcat in mo," said Mios PaE!d5gh,;with a little flutter. " He seomi ltko,a;vety distiagplDlied man. ' " Yo«," ro- plfc'd-' MiGS/CnttingiJ, "ho la a cclobratod antiqaarian." .It'I-bad an "ad." at thn top of that column/1 murmured tho advertising ngolit to' himself as ho gazed admiringly at tho Monu ment, " I womdn't caw whot/her it won next topuro;rcadjDgma_tJorarnot." . ' Lady (iummining written chnraMer of applicant .for situation as cuok" Rut this is not at ail sattofaotery as to your cooking capacity. : Can you cook I" qook— " WcU, ma'am,, if that; pappr don't enttofy yon on that point, .ask my policeman," : . . 