Hardacre's Patent. Hardaore's gridiron was invented for a special purpose. The purpose was to grill Sir ThomaB M'llwraith for the grati fication and glorification of T. Glassey's " Gridiron Party." By the way it may he suggested that some lawful lover of order should take out a patent for this now designation. It has long been a misnomer to call Glassey's following the " Labour Party." They have advanced far beyond the genuine interests and legitimate aims of real sons of toil. Moderate and law- abiding working men see through them. They are socialistic politicians, eager for supremacy, aspiring for power, not for the purpose of raising the poor worker, bnt for the object of redueing the rich employer. On their lips " tbe poor working man " is only a time.-serv- ing hit of clap-trap. The man whom the advanced gridironiets desire to serve is the ambitions schemer, who uses " the -poor working man" as a handy tool for working out Mb own ends. They are- not old- fashioned unionists, trying to promote the welfare of honest toilers by the old-fashioned methods. They are " new unionists " ; political socialists, democratic levellers. They are not a labour pnrty at all. They have developed into politicians pnre and simple, and when combined they call themselves " The Workers' Political Association." Would not the Gridiron Party do aa well ? They are " agin " all Governments but their own'— if they can get the chance of form ing one. They mustered in force on Tuesday night, and the bellows blown by three hundred bellowing mouths was to raise the blaze whioh . was meant to cook Sir Thomas and the Land-grant Hall ways Act on Hardacre's patent gridjron. But the intended grilling was a pitiful fizzle. The cooks were cooked, not the knight nor the Act. The gridiron is not a reliable invention. It is insanely faulty in construction. It is fraudulently manu factured of base metal. It cannot grill well, because the base metal bars are much too wide, and the interstices far. too narrow ; the roaring fire of malignant intolerance has not enough play through a clumsy contrivance of that sort. It is a fraud, like a great many other misrepiesentatione which emanate from the same fertile but distorted source. If we are to have gridirons, or other in genious instruments of torture, let ns have them honestly made, on sensible models, and of genuine materials. Ho Brummagem impositions, please. One monstrous mistake of that sort is enough. That grilling business is being over done; It is an old saying that "too many cooks spqil the broth." Too many grillers spoil the fillet. The Gridiron Party is putting too much fat in the fire. The blaze is too bright, too ferooious, and too malodorous. If they don't keep it down a hit they will either have the fire brigade out, or they will have their own house in ruins. They nearly accom plished the feat of self-destruction on Tuesday night. Zeal of that sort is suicidal. Many a waverer became firmly decided on that eventful occasion. Scores of mild admirers of the admired of all socialists gave up the ghost of their .allegiance to him after being nauseated by the burning fat of that grilling pro cess. The gridiron device itseli was satire enough. The' rowdyism of the Gridiron Party was too muoji for tho '. orderly and lwpeotublo section of the community, KingRbjiry won twenty Boore of votes that night, although the gridironists gagged him prior, as they thought, to making pf . hirh, on polling- day, a holocaust to the; god of tho Gridr iron: Party. - 