Flotsam. A knotty problem— the highest possible speed for ocean vessels. Win: — 'You haveb't been inside of a church since we were married !' Husband— ' No ; a burnt child dreads the lire.' Mlt. Dcsii.viiKKKV (quite inebriated) — ' My dear, I cnuldu't go d iwn that toboggan elide It would take mv breath.' Mre. Dusenborrv — ' It wouldn't be a bid thing if it did.' ' Mv lord,' said the foreman of an Irish jury when giving in his verdict, ' we find the nun who stole the mare not guilty.' A MAS full of spirits is not naturally given to sober r- flection. Mm. Vashkbclam — ' Do yuu ever sweep undiT the b' d *' Domestic— ' Oh, yes mum, often. Jt's so much more aisy than a dust pan, you know,' replied Bridget, 'Who is that across the street?' 'Oh, that is a very close friend of mine.' ?? Indeed !' ' Yea, he never lends me a cent.' Tiik ethics of forgery iire hard tn n.:nncile. \A*tien a man for^^s a hund it is a c:imc, but when he forges ahead it is a credit. Oltrnrl's was a musician who-it music had poux-r to d ra w rocks, etc., tnw-i*d him. X^he modern street musician line tne same power. Miss Yovsolv — 'The rw.-u of the present day do nr,t compare with those of aucient times. Nowadays no ynuug man woulii swim across the Hellespont to see the object of his affections hb did Lc.inJer.' Mr. Synical ' You arc quite right, but the reason is that there would be ii' possibility for it. Now adays in a case of that kind the girl herself would swim pcroas !' Nature has given us two ears and but one tongue, in order that we may repeat but one half of what we hear. Bingo — ' Uid you succeed in cutting down on your shopping expenses this month, as I rcqnested '!'' Mrs Bingo— 'Oh, yes, indeed, dear. You know thac nice woollen under wear you wanted ' Well, I got something in cott* u much cheaper.' Don't be afraid to speak well of yourself for there are plenty wl.o arc only too anxious to speak ill oi ynu. Tiik man who U looking fur something to do rarely finds anything, but if he is willing to do anything he can always fir.d somctniug. A olkkk at u large time st-jic on .Sixth avenue, is very much given to spells of absent mindedness. Miss Murray Hill went into the shoe stare not long ago. ' What can I do for you, Misb?' he asked, timidly. 'I want a piir of shoi s ' ' Have you— have you brought your tee t with you ?' ' Fathke,' asked lominy, 'why did Ajax defy the lightning?' 'Because, my sot, Ajax was a French duellist, and the lightning Wris known to miss five thousand times where it hit once. Moreover, it trae eight hundred miles away, and wasn't lightning at the time. Ajax kuew whom to defy.' Once there was a hired man who wan con stantly astonishing hie employer, a farmer, by doing strange and unexpected things. One day the farmer went into the barn and found that this man had hanged himself, f/ooking at the dangling body a few minutes, he ex claimed, ' What on earth will that fellow do next !' ' What do you think of the statement that there are three hundred haunted houses in New York ?' asked Mr. Knickerbocker. 'Oh,' replied Jones, 'that only ghost to show how plentiful spirits are'here.' A vciCNG woman sent to a newspaper a poem entitled ' I Cannot Make Him Smile,' and was much dif pleased when the editor sent it back with a line saying that she would probably succeed if she showed him the poem. Ella : ' How could you tell that your husband lost money at the races to-day, when he s-id nothing about it ?' Stella : ' I know he did, because when he came home he began talking about the advantages of saving ?noney.' Pabknt : ' 1 his is your birthday, Tommy. What can I do for you that will cause you pleasure?' Tommy : ' Ppsnk Johnny !' Pkrhaiis for concentrated inaoouracy of statement nothing can surpass the following sentence, which recurred in an account of a burglary given in a newspaper :—' After a fruitless search all the money was recovered except one pair of boots.' A WEALTH!' man displaying his jewels one day to a philosopher, the latter said : 'Thank you, sir, for being willing to share such mag nificent jewels with me.' ' Share them with you, sir? What do you mean!' ' Why, you allow me to look nt them ; and what more can you do with them yourself ?' It Is said there Is a tribe io Afrioa where speakers in public debate are required to stand on one leg, and are not allowed to speak longer than they can stand in that position. With all our bo&Btod; civilization, we discover every now and then puints In which savages surpass ui. 'Your daughter has a fine toui:h, Mre. Morlarty.' ' Yls, so they do be tellln* me j an' sure, 'tis no wonther, for the loves the pianny, and niver tires of it ; she has a great tashte for mnosfc, but thlo that's ownly natural for her (gran'father had hid head brokln wid a cornet at a plcnio 1' Jakkj 'Here's an advertisement In th' paper for that dog you found. The man wot owns him offers a reward.' Jim : ' How d'ye know It's a man !' Jake : ' Th' paper says noqueitioDB aBked,'' Aoitateii Solicitor (at the ohomUt'e) : 'There's been a mistake made somehow. I meant to give my son a prescription from my dootor this morning, but It seems I didn't. Here it li now. In my pocket,' ' You cer tainly gave him the prescription. I marie it up for film not an hour ego,' ' Let m« noe it' 'Here it is.' ' Heavem I That'*' an opinion from Sir Lyons Silk, Q.C.' 