International Wesson. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 15th. BOM. V., 1-11. JUSTIFICATION BY FAITH. Golden Text (Bom', v. 8). — 'While we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.' THE BELIEVEB's PBIVILEGES, To-day's lesson falta naturally into three sections. The first (ver. 1, 2) relates to the Christian's present pos sessions and hopes for the future ; the Becond (ver. 3-5) to the trials by which he is assailed, and the beneficial effects of such trials ; the third (ver. 6-11) to to the great encouragement— the love of God in Christ Jesus — by which the believer is sustained. The believer is justified (ver. 1) ; that is, he is forgiven and regarded by God as ! having fulfilled the law. For the forgiven penitent to be ' justified ' is, as the Catechism says, to be ' treated Eor Christ's sake as if he were righteous ' (page 29). Being thus justified, ' we have peace with God.' Another blessed consequence of for giveness is joy, the joy which springs from the nope of future glory. We ' rejoice in hope of the glory of God*.' The ' glory of God is not simply the brightness of His presence and the happiness associated with that bright ness. Believers look forward to that blessed state. But the divine glory is sssentially the divine character, and this shall he the inheritance of those who already are made partakers of .the livine nature. ' We . shall be like Him.' HIS TBIAL8. The Apostle goes on to speak of tribulations. He had abundant ex perience himself of trials ; trials which were discipline sent by God, tempta tions suggested by the devil, bad treat ment received from wicked men. As a rule people would prefer to be without trials. They are very unpleasant, and may possibly do harm. But justified people are able to glory in them, for the painful events of life may be made helpful to true prosperity. St. Paul shows how this may tnke place. He does not make general and common place observations as to the great bene fit of adversity, but he comes down to details, and shows to us the process. ' Tribulation worketh patience.' By ' patience ' is not meant simply a pas sive resignation ; but, whilst that is a part of this virtue, there is also a bold, active endurance. There- is both resignation and fortitude. Then ' patience worketh experience.'. The believer is proved to himself by- his courage. Then ' probation worketh hope.' Having found out that the grace of God within us is something very real and valuable, the hope of growth and maturity springs up within the heart, a hope which shall be realised, for it ' maketh not ashamed.' HIS ENCOUBAGBMENTS. Some hopes are in vain. To entertain them is the sigh of a disordered mind. Not so with this hope. St. Paul now proceeds to show what encouragement the belipver has for his' hope. He declares the foundation upon which it rests, namely, ' the love of God shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.' 'The love of God '? might mean our love to God, or God's love to us. In this case it means God's love to us. This love is the reason for our hope of future glory. How oan God's love- to us be said to be ' shed abroad in our. hearts ' F The knowledge of that love is put abund antly within us. We know, by the teaching of the Holy Spirit, that God Iovcb us. And it we believe that God loves us we may well entertain the hope of future blessedness, the hope of the glory of God. In addition to this inward assurance of God's love we have outward proof of it in the death of our Lord Jesus Christ. The consideration of this out ward proof occupies the remaining verseB of the lesson. Tho argument is this, that if God bo loved us, and did So much for us, when there was nothing in us to move His love, how much more is he likely to love and bless us after we are made possessors of His grace, ? and in some measure like Himself? We were 'without strength,' with no moral or spiritual energies, sunken and degraded (ver. 6) ; we were 'ungodly,' unlike God, not partaking His nature (ver. 6) ; we were 'sinners,' disobeying God's ^commands (ver. 8); we were ' enemies ' actively opposed to God's will (ver. 10). God so loved those who were 'without strength,' ' ungodly,' ' sinners,' ' enemies,' as to give His only begotten Son to die for them. Now, believing, those 'without strength,' are made strong, the 'un- godly ' are made godlike, ' sinners ' are made righteous, and ' enemies ' are turned into friends. Is it not likely that God will carry on His gracious work? Is it not likely that as the death of Christ was but the forerunner of His resurrection, so the forgiveness of all that believe shall be the pre- ' liminary to their entrance upon ' the glory of Gpd ' ? 