BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH. On Sunday last the anniversary in connec tion with the above chnrch was celebrated, the Rev. J. W. Ireloar. of Clunes, conducting the services at 11 a.m. and 7 p.m. The text for the morning service w*as taken from the 2nd book of Acts, part of the 4th verse " They were all filled with the Holy Ghost.' The preacher delivered a most thoughtful address, plainly setting forth what it was to be filled with the power spoken of. In the afternoon a service of soog was given by the choir, Mr. W. R. Smith, leader of the Wesleyan choir, assisting. The service of song was a very pitiful story in connection with the death of & person from starvation. Mrs. Watts very effectively read the connective readings. The various numbers rendered were given in first - class style, especially two pieces, which were real gems, entitled " Sweet Zion Bells," Mr. Jenkin's voice being heard to great advantage; and the duet " Beautiful rain," which was rendered by Mrs. Cory and Miss Jenkia deserves a mede ef praise. - Taking the pieces on a whole it reflects veiy great credit on the part of the conductor, who must" have taken great pains to bring the choir up to such an efficient standard. . Mrs. Jen kin presided at the organ in her usual aeoomplishedmauner. On Monday evening the tea-meeting took place, the tables being presided over by Mesdames Coon, Cory, and Jenkin.and the Misses Coeu,|3ory, Eddy^Kwart and Jenkin'. The tables prefee ited a' pleaging appearance, being preetily embellished with fLoyeers, Sic. At the Contusion of-tWtea a-pnblic meeting was held,, the chair being occupied by Mr. Coon, who, in the course of hia remarks, stated that he remembered the time when the chnrch was built, and be bad alwMstaken great interest in its progress, and bSBmred tbsi: there was every indication of HTjright-fature. "Ke'Eev. Mr.iCory read' the treasurer's report, which showed that tl^ debt on the church had been materially reduced during the past year and it was to be hoped that next year's report would show a mnch larger reduction. The Rev. A. Isaac, in the course of a telling speech said he was sorry to notice that idleness, drunkenness, blasphemy, &c.;, were so rife,-as -nothing could -mote dobate people. It was often said that religion wss a sham, but those who made snch a statement bad never known what true-religion meant. God had created man in his own image, and God had sent his Son tc die to save people from their sins. The Hev. Mr. rTreloar referred "to the necessity of. closer communion with God. VVe are^living in troublesome times, but he (toped that when the trebles werevver, we' would be better ineh.and women foriiaving Tasspdthroiijh thepna ntperodofaniftet^c ' E tll <iemin tfien referred gambling, whichlif considered m£%e greats curse of thp community. . Many people who were hostile to Christianity did not really know wbat Christianity TOeant.Mr. Treloar concluded t>y referring to v the necessity of sending missionaries to the countless heathen to bring them to Christ. \ A vote of thanks was moved by Mr. Grigg and seconded by Mr., Kent, to all who had taken part 'in the proceedings aud the meeting closed with the benediction. ; Duribfe the evening the choir" gwe several selections, ' and songs were rendered by several members of the cEiirch. 