II-XBOWJST AWAY; ? OK, BASIL RAY'S MISTAKE. 33 Y 'YEEAS;,' (Author of 'Tlio I)oul)Io Event,' ' Huiintiig' It o'ff,' « Jookoj- Jnoli,' « Bankor nnd JJroltor,' ' Wild Koso,' &o.;) (ALL IHQUTB EESEKVED.) ' CHAPTER XIII. ?, . '.,'??-. ADA'S XJEMPTATION. BASTL roBteil his inaro nnd rcfroaliod hiiiisolf ut tlio siiiuU luvinlot of II— 'I'Jion liu mounted li^iiiit und rodo on. Ho know ho wis doing'. wrong. Ho; full; lie -yiis nbout to coiiuuit a doBpieublo', cownrjly notion; but somu dovilwithiii hiin seomod moro poworful than his cbnscienco, and urguil him on. ?? What oxciiso could ho' mako for. Iiib vibic to Horan Hall, for thithor ;.. ho had db teriiiincd to go? / ' Iiittlo oxcuso, if any,' would . bo noodod, oxcoptiiiR for -tho 'way. in which ho hud como, riding ncrosB that wild, almost un troyorspd country. ,. ?..; ' .'; ?' ,; Sir Goorgo, ho know, would l-o only too glad to sco him, and a houvty w'olcouio awailod liim, and yot bocauso his own lioait was Boro, and lio folt lio had wrockdd Ills life, lio W113 almost about to drag another down with him. ' Suddonly ho drew roin, nnd as lio sat on tlio back 'of tlio uiiiro ho looked down upon 0110 of tho most lovolj scouos it is posuiblo to picture. ' ' Ho wno on a high stretch of land, from which ho could «eo in tho light of the almost full moon a vnst expanse of country such as can only bo mot with iu tho quiet nooko of Australia. Miles upon miles of hills and rocks lay strotchod out boforo him, and tho giant, trees towering 011 ovory uido with thoir gaunt and fantastic branches, looked woird and ghost-lika. , Tho wholo earth scorned to glow with a soft radiant gladness. . Tho windings of tho Hawkoslwry Eiyor, with its numorous little bays and inlets, twisted and twirled amid ? the troe-clud mountains. :. AH was still nnd poacoful, and yet a firo, iierce almost as a volcano, was raging in this inau's heart. Ho l'ulfc at war with himeolf, and all tlio world. He despised himsolf, and yot pitied himsolf. At lliis momuut, when ho looked across tho river, mid saw tho roof and gnblo of Heron Hull, and know who it sheltered, he hated Lilian with a fierce hatred. Had bho been thoro in tho supremo moment of his anger, ho would havo cast hor down the stoop rock without hesitation, though ho would repent Iiib action tho moment afterwards. Ho dismounted, and lod Dot to a quiot spot, whore sho could rest and crop tho short grass which grow about. Ho know aho would not stray fur without him.: Then ho wont down tho hill sido, until ho came, to tho old boat-houso, where a vonerablo old fisherman made a living by hiring out boats. Tho old fellow know Basil Kay, and liked him. lliitiy a tip had ho recoivod from Basil ju days gouo by. Basil explained whero he had iuft his horse, mid old liob, as ho was called, promised to send hia grandson up to look alter Dot. Basil took a boat* and pullod loisuroly across tho -.river. Boforo he 'renchod! tho further b'nnk, ho saw a ilguro, in white coming slowly towards tho water's edge. How his lioart boat. Ho knew it in a second. It was Ada Gospor. Fortiino indeed favored liirn. . : . ? He ceasod rowing, and let tho Lout glido gontly along.. .' ..-? ' '?-.:;: .'.-.,'; Ada Gospor, for she it was, camo down, to tho boat- shod belonging to tho Hall'. It was evidently her intention to go out for a row this quiot moonlight night. ;/?'? Basil gavo a couplo of sharp strokes.and his boat rdu into a small inlet abovo where she stood. Sho had evidently not seen liini,_owtng to the bond iu tho river. v ITo leapt out, and quickly mado his way towards the boat-shed. He peered through tho trees, and saw tho white figure a few pacos beforo him. » 'Ada. Mias Gospor.' ? j Sho started, but did not scorn alarmod. At that moment sho had been thinking of. Basil, and tho row they had onrtho river toguthor, and tho kiss that followed, and now 6he hoard his voico at hor side. . 0 It sounded real, and yet sho know it must bo mero imagination, for Basil Kay was far from hero. 'How strange,' sho murmured ; '1 thought I heard hi3 voico.' . ' Mis3 Gosper.' Thoro could ho no mistaking this time. Sho turned quickly, and saw boforo her tho man who had so lntoly occupiod her thoughts. 'Basil,' was all that sho could say. How sweot that word sounded on her lips. . ' ???.?:-. '.-? : ' Say that again, Ada; say it again,' lio said, passionately. - 'Basil, why aro yon horo? How did you como ?' sho said, iu hor amazement. 'I camo because I am miserable, Ada. I carao bocniiso I lovo you,' ho enid, as hu camo to hor sido and took hor hand. Sho gunUy.disongngod it. Sho was not nlaitlcd nt this avowal. AVhen sho saw him, bho know instinctively why ho Had como. . 'You must not talk to mo liko that, Basil. You havo no right to spoak to mo, so,' sho said, slowly, yot firmly. ' ' I havo a right, Ada, a eaernd right. In the uamo of lovo, I spoak to you. Oh, Ada, listen to 1110, and then pity mo.' Ho was terribly oxcitod. Whnt could havo happonod? Lilian must bo the cause of this. ....????-. 'It is wrong of mo to listou to you, Basil. It is wrong for mo to bo hern, alone with you. Hut. if you-havo anything to say to mo, and you think I can help you, I will hoar you.' ?' ; , '.' Ada, wo havo (juarrolod,'! lio said. 'Lilian and 1 woro novor'mado for onoh other. Sho givoo mo no confidoncos, and sho has Bocrots from 1116.' /. Thon ho told hor tho storj- of tho loiters, nnd ropeated tlio bcoiio of tho morning, Ada listened patiently. . _'?: 'I nover lovod hor, Ada. I was iriT fntuat'od with her, Sho cajoled mo into this hatoful marringo, for hateful to m'o it is .now. '?????It. v;aa all a mistako, j\da. , My God! and to think I took hor whonan nngiil Hko you might havo had pity on JUO.' :-..:, ', :--'- ?:'.'??:,???'.????, '.'y':', ?;? ?;'-??;''' Basil know this girl lovod him/ Ho had only to look into, her faco nB ho spoko to. seo that. :' ?'?i/l.- ?''?'??/?'.;'..?..?'?,:.; ?'.: :' ? ?.-.. .?'? .??.'. : 'Ada, you ' do lovo mo. You cannot deny it. You.arai tho' only woman can cavo mo from ruin. 'Without you I care not whnt becomes of iuo. Call my lovo what you may, guilty, unholy, despicable, yot it is i;ti!l thoro, nnd will never bo shaken while I live.' Ada looked at him pityingly. Sho would havo given much to bo ablo to say 'Basil, take 1110. I am yours. Do with me ns you will. I will lovo you as you ought to bo lovod.' But sho was a puro-mindod, brnvo licp.rtod girl, and Bho knew she must uavo this woak man, not only from herself, but hiinsol/. .' Basil,' bIio said, ' I do lovo you.' Ho oponod his arina to oiubraco hor, but sho hold him back, :--; ? i : ; .' V , 'I loyO you, Basil, and were you froo I would dovoto my' life to you. But,, Basil, it is because I lovo you I will hot di'»B you down in lifo, and mako j'our. naiub-;u by-, word and a .'aboil.'; /. .,-.' ' I criro not what bocouioa of inysolf. I would eacrifico all for you, oven niy good uamo, but I will not do it, Basil. lean not do it, bocauso I love yo'u.' :;'?; , '.' ? ' But, Ada,' ho said. ?'..'?- 'Liston .to. mo, Basil,'- ahb went on. 'Boforo to-iilght wo havo novor Bpokonof lovo, but I know when I saw you hero what you had come for. I was thinking of you whoii you spoko. I olton think' of you, Basil, and I uluill alwayB do so. My love for you is far greator than j-ou imagine. It is not a lovo that lives upon tho mero presonco of tho loved one, or the mero bodily dolights of lovo. No, Basil, mine is !i purer lore than that, and, therefore, you must go.' . ..-.'?..??'.. 'Go,' ho said, dojeetedly. !' Yes, go, and at onco,' aho wont on. 'Itoturn to' your homo, to your wife. AVhatevor happens you must ;be truo to hor. Basil, you hnyo plighted your word to hor. Whatovor tho consequences you must keep it. Forgot 1110 if you can, if not, think of mo as a doar friond, or an ono who lovod you dearly and is dead. Think for one moment, Basil, what you would do by your rashnoBS. Go back to-night. Loavo mo at once. AVo will never spoak of this mouting again.' 'Ada, I cannot leavo you,' ho Baid. ' You lovo me, and yot you put mo from you. Como with 1110, Ada mine. Wo will Mu far from horo. We will start a new lifo. You and I together, alone on some sccludod spot, that will bo happinosn enough for 1110. I cannot return to the homo I have Iuft, It is no homo to me now. No lovo, no iiope in it. Ada, if you do not liaton to me I shall go mad.' His passion mastered him, nay, it iniiatored her. Ho pressed her fiercely to his brenst, and kissed her faco. He could not let her go, this woman he vowed he lovod moro than honor. Ada quickly re covered herself. ' Basil, you must not give way like this. It iB cowardly, 'unmanly. It is unfair to mo. Would you by sheer force of passion overcome all my scruples, all my anxiety to save you from' yourself ?' 'Iwouldindood, Ada. Anything in tho wide world I would do to possess you.' 'Think of tho ruin, tho disgrace then that you would bring upon mn, tho daughter of your best iriend— the child of tho man who trusts you. Oh, Basil, you known not what you'nsk. If you do not care lor your own good namo then think 0/ lnino and loavo mo. I love you, Uasil, but I will not disgrace myself nor you. Would you Hkb iiio to bo a , by-word and a scoll' .in tho .world, a woman whoao name must not bo miintioiiod iu polite socioty, a woman hold up as an oxainplo of wicked ness to children in years to come ?' j .' Godforbid,' ho said, convinced by hor earnest pleading, 'And yet that is what would suroly happen, Basil. There ia no inoroy for women who sin liko that. JTor men it ia different. :Thby can bouafc of their con quoata, and each ' cdiiquiiae has alain a woman's honor. You say you lovo mo, Basil; I boliovo you, and I will trunt'ybu. In tho namo of that love, Basil, I toll you to go and do your duty. Thoro ia but 0110 path opun to you, and you must tako it. I may bu a weak, Bimplo girl, Basil, but I know what 'is right. ,. If at any future time yon think I can help you I will do so. I will speak to Lilian. She will listen to mo, I think. 'Now, Basil, you must go. Good night,' and Ada held out her hands. '-You. aro an angel, Ada,' ho said. 'Would to God thoro wore more women like you in tho world. You aro right. I must go. I was a. selfish brute to ever think of naking you to sharo your lifo with mino. ButI could not help it, Ada. I felt I must seo you. Now I know you love mo 1 will endeavor to do my duty, but it is hard, vory hard. Think of mo somctimOB, Ada, nud.iuny God forgivo mo tho wrong I would havodono you.' 'Ho will, and so do I,' said Ada. 'You aro acting wisely, Basil, nnd manfully, and you will never regret it.' ' Ono kiss; Ada,' he said. Site yielded. How Bwcet it waa to be in tho nruis of the nian sho lorod. ? Then ho toro himsolf away and TvaB soon rowing across tho rivor in hot, fovoriBh hastb, engor to get away from temptation, anxious to prove to hor he could do his duty, liowevor painful. And Ada. 'When Basil had gono aho throw horsolf oil tho bank, and sobbed as though her heart would break. Sho had sent away tho man bIio lovod. Sho know she had dono right, but it was very hard to bear. Sho saw it all now. Basil had mudo a great mistake. Ho hud married Lilian whon, iu reality, ho loved hersolf. How would it all ond f Whon sho had recovered hor composure, Ada went indoors, and to her own room. ' How would it all end ? ' That was tho burden of her thoughts. Sho know Basil Ruy'» temperament bettor than he did himself. She knew whuu awny from ber indiionco for good ho would bo prone to do evil. Ada Gospor know sho wa3 the one woman that could savo Basil from a down ward career, and yet aho daro not holpbim (is ho wished. ? 'What could sho do? Spoak to Lilian. She had said aho would : do ao, but sho shiiddorod at the thought. She fcarod Lilian's mooking touguo; Lilian, who know hor socret, and would divine the ciiuso of hor intorforancc. . No, sho could not speak: to Lilian. Thon her thoughtn wandered book again to Basil, nnd tho first time they mot at tho cricket' mutch. Slid know sho had lovod him over oinco that day. What cruel fato had como bolween them ? Why hud they boon cast adrift, maybe to strand oua shore of ruin ntid disgrace , Ada folt she would yield if Basil tomptod her too ofton. Bho must avoid meeting him alono unless 1 sho was sure of hereulr, But Aua Gonpor r.s yot litllo know hor own strongth. Bho was capablu of great things, and hor purn mind was her safeguard. And Basil rodo homeward all through tho night. Ho was in a butter frame of mind than when he loft Lilian, nnd ho wrb fully determined to mako the bust of things. When it bocamo dark ho unsaddlod tho mare, nnd, with tho saddle for his pillow and the Bky for Ins roof, ho took . ft little rest until morning broke again. Then ho went on his journey, and in due timo roachod Kylston. Bob Jones looked at him curionsly. Ho could not mako out this mad freak of hia mattor'B. Basil handed over Dot to him and went to U10 honso. ' Whoro ia your Tiiintrcnn ? ' be Baid to | tint maid, tvltn looked ut him iu a j frightened uurt of way. ' l'loase. uir, hIiu'.i not horo. I thought sho had gonu to mout you.' ' Gono lo moot mo ? What do you mean 'i ' uuid liiuiil, in uimisi, ' Sho bus been absout all night, air,' aaid the irirl. Basil went up to his wife's room. No ono was thoru, On tho table was a note, Hi- opttnud the envelope, and road ns follows s ' Havo gono to Sydnoy on important businoBS. Will bo back to-morrow.' — Liwan. ' ' Basil sworoi It may an will bb put on record, tpv lie wan entitled to use strong languago on such an occasion. Then lio calmod down. After nil, ho thought, it wiia just as well aliohad gono, for Bho would not lio abln to ask diflicult qiieatioua as \o whoro ho had been. .'..!-?'! Wonder wlmfc sho's up to now,' lio muttorod. ' Mero gahibling, I mippoBO. Curso . it all, I wish'I'wiis. .well' out of it. She can gamble aa much na sho likes for nil I cure. If I cannot have Ada I'll go to the doga. If my doar Lilian goes the pace, so can I. I've got tho manago mont of tho stud. She cannot intorfcro with mo in that, for Prqaton left it ao in tho will. I'll astonish her, and aomo othor pooplo, too. I'll run Noptuno for the Kensington Cujvand rido him mysolf.' Tho Kensington Cup wa3 a two-mile raco, run atKandwick, for amatour riders only, and Ncptuuo had been entered bncause KylBton wiia oxpected to have a horao or two iu tho raco. Ho had beon weighted at 12st 101b, and imturally ho was looked upon as a non-startor, in view of his moro important ongageuieutB. Tho raco was to to bo run in a wook, and as Noptuno waa fairly woll, Basil fanciod lie had a chanco of winning. Whon ho told .Tones what ho intended to do, that worthy aaid it wits sheer madness to run him with that woigiit. Basil's reply wns: . ' Madnoss or no madness, ho runs, and don't you forgot it ' (To be Continued.) ?. 