TUB LABOUR TRAFFIC. AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. (.from the Presbyterian , 25th Marob.) 'Kanaka' Is wrong when ueed of the Melaneslans, or biaoK natives of the Weettrn Paol Bo. It Is a Polynesian word, and meanB 'a man.' Dr. Cod ringtou, Id bis 'Melaneslan Languages,' says It means not eo much ' a man, not a beast,' as ' a man, not a ghost,' Tbsrr- 1 fore I say ' The Xjaboar Tramo,' not ' The Kanaka Traffic.' 'I have the greatest difficulty In being satisfied with anv possible supervision of the labour traffic by the Queensland Government, fnr Ibis reason : A ship arrives wllb a Government agent on board. In tbe Western Padflo Islsnds It Ib Impossible tbat be should know one language out of eighty. How can be tell whether these people come of free will or ooder club aod cooking oven 7 He never can. As a matter nf faot, if these people bave consented st all, ibey bave con sented in the single endeavour to save tbelr lives. In the matter of return tbey are bs often as nnt (for a guess) returned to the wrong places, wbloh Involves death ; and which I believe no Govern ment agent Is sufficiently well posted to prevent. It Ib a common trick, wben labour Is wished tn re-voluoteer, to bring Up opposite an enemy's bay, Bnd tell them tbey are to be landed tbere, end Sive them tbe choloe of re-Indenturing io doubt Government agents at present prevent tbe hideous abuses aboard ebip tbatuaed to take place. Oo the recruiting and the repatriation, above all oo tbe Western Islands, where tbe dlr lecte ere eo much divided, I believe them to be helpleaB to iotervene for BDy good. So far, tbls sounds like a violent attsck on tbe labour traffic. Tbete are alleviating circum stances. In tbe Western Islands tbose wbogn as labourers would in many cases be eaten If they stayed at bome. I don't know if life Is wortb living, as people say nowadays. But If the choice wss oflered me hetween what is called volUDteeriog and being made eollops of, I should bave a try at tbe volunteering. Wben tbe Duke of Atbol raised bis volunteers, a man saw a cart passing on the rood filled witb men in shackles. He asked wbo these were, sod was informed tbey were tbe Albnl volunteers. Teke again tbe esse of Ihe Gilbert Islands, wbiob applies toa'mostlbe whole sweep of the scarf of atolls that runs atbwart tbe Pacific from south-east to ihe north-west. I choose tbe Gilberts— (I) because I am best ac quainted witb tbem, end ( 2 ) because I think tbem typical snd to bave an especial appeal to missionaries. An atoll is a very destitute spot. la tbe Gilberts Ibe inhabitants bad taken refoge in laws against overpopulation. I bave not my notes by me, aud cannot remember whether it was one or two children tbat were allowed to every couple. In some islands people were allowed to compound for a fioe and to have more — probably a piecerfeeotimentalism. But tbe purport of the legislation was plainly to keep down tbe orew. I use tbe word 'crew ' with deiiberntli-n, because an atoll may be compared to a wrecked ship, eo scaoty are its resources. Enter tbe missionaries. Tbe first step bas been to remove tbe check ot population, and at tbesametime to minimise, and in eome caeee to delete entirely capital punishment. Here, tben, we bave our wrecked hulk wllb an In creasing population. When all goes well and tbe rain comes, uo burt is felt. Wben we have a drought (bad as a drought must ever have been on an b(oIi) it bas to be (seed nowadays by a increas ing population. Now, here is tbe point where tbe I&bour; traffic, tn ubb tbe paltry wordB of tbe common advertisements, ' supplies b long-felt want.' I really dread Io think what would become of those islanders if labour ships did notj chBnoe to come n uud In times ofdistress. ! I may tell you tbat I be population crowds on -he recruiters, tbat itbeoomeadelloate task to decide wbicb are Io be accepted snd which refused ; which baveaobance of reviving - n the ship's diet, and which will only die nn board and feed tbe fishes. I read a papr r I' the ?' Antipodean' by8irS*muel Griffith, in wblch tbere was a lot of good sense. I quite agree with him that it is mnst desirable tn avoid, if it oan be avoided, a sedentary alien population in Queensland. Surely, to he quite frank, we bave here two fit ting joints— Queend-iod requiring tem porary coloured laboar, and Islands in the neighbourhood being In eucb a posi tion, whether from famine or war, that a certain proportion of ibelr population is immediately available. And yet— and [ yet -tbere Gbs probably never been any whereintbeworldan tbing more hideous than the labour traffic. I bave been Ic tlmate witb dozens of blackbirders, I bave beard tbelr stories, and I am only merci ful toyourresders in not repeating them. Can Ibis traffic be called kidnapping? I have already mentioned tbe case of tbe Athol Volunteers, and that Is nearly tbe best nf It. Take the csbb of tbe single \- Peruvlsn ebip tbst went up (broi-gb tbe Tokelaus and tbe Elllcee in tbe time of Dr. Turner. 8be probably inflicted more misery, and tbat in a meaner manner, than any fifty slavers Its tbe African trade. Tbese unfortunate people were deooyed on board under the pretence nf mlsslonsry education. And wben Dr. Turner went round be found many oftbe Islands destitute nf all adults except Ibe aged. I bsd tbe favour of a sight of Dr. Turner's private notes, and later on in one of the Ellioes I met bd old white trader wbo bad been the meaos of saving Nukufetsu from similar depopulation. Tbe conob bad been blown from tbe king's door, tbe whole adult population was under orders to embark, when this aseful and unkoowo man smelt out the dangsrand deoelved tbe rascals at the last moment. Another point in answer to tbls ques tion. I bave talked . continually witb blackbirders. Continually tbey have been willing to tell me of kidnapping In the past, and I found tbls epnch te vary, not by tbey eare of the century, but by tbe years of my informsnt. It wss al ways paulc-past. ( believe that If to morrow I were tn flnd a blsch birder of a still more reoent generation, tbe date would be brought still osarer down. I bel'eve, Id fsot, that tr-day, and possibly as we sit here talking, uuvlzored fcldnat ping Is being prsctlsed In tbe islands. But tbls I do not know ; nor csn anyone. I am ignorant of tbe New Hebrides. But from, what I know of n'her Islands and of human nature I believe that any rsoe will be Ibe best civilised in titu Apostles mlgbt bs made oo a forelgu soli and under conditions of semlssrvl turte. But I never understood that apostles were common , And to raise tbe level of tbe mass, I am oonvlnced that a slow movement at home Is tbe only meanB towards b good end. On tbe whole, tbe Influence of whiles on islanders strikBB me as far from beneficial, and the more whites, tbe worse Is tbe eOeoi. A single trader, even tbe most atroolous sooundrel, Is rapidly conquered by bis msdluit), adopts Island civility and deoorum, even If be bad none of bis own wben be osme tbere. But so soon as tbe whites are fn a considerable body, Ibe work of Ibedeolvlilsation prooeeds mer rily. I said 'deolvillsatiOD,' but If you InBlston It, I wilt say 'debarbarlBatlon.' At least, it Is a prooess towards tbe worse. Wben tbe trafllo was renewed, you say. the Integrity, blgb character, and firm ness of tbe Prime Minister, Sir b, W. Griffith, were betd on every band to be a suffloi^nt guarantee thai -l-usca would nnt occur; but now Sir Samuel liasn tlred from politics, and tbstBoleguaruiiii-u Is gone. You urn touching there on n folnt wbloh makes the misery of my lif'. o every rsco t'-lay, nutl particularly lu our own, there Is a tendnuay to uoglvct Inherited responsibilities. It Is a very fine thing tn be conscientious, but 1 i-- fuss to he conscientious acruos my father's last will and testament. We Inherit obli gations. We Inherit wroogs, which ate complicated with rights nn the part of ntbers. Aud we have to refuse the whole— ay, the whole down lo nur boots — nr else aooept, lu the old civil law phraie, tbe untvcrsttan. Now, what I bave put bere bs bu Inheritance frniu father loson, applies equally well lu tbe inberitanoe ofooe Ministry from another. And wbo tbloks of It? Tbls man is greedy, the next is what tbey call con scientious. Botb cry witb the same voice Doro with Ihe pledges nf Ibe pas*.' I am only too much afr«ld it will be so with Sir Samuel. II it Is not, England and Europe bad better go lo study lo the school of Queensland. What do I mean by tbe greedy man and tbe so--Blled conscientious mau 7 In the caee of Ulstei you seem lo me to have botb. The wbole story «( Irelaud la sickeoing to read. But nur fathers pledged us to the Ulster men, rightly or wrougly. And here we have greed on the ooe side— I need not put a name on tbe greed ; and conscientiousness on the otber— because I believe Mr. Gladstone to be a thoroughly coueoleutinus ojso, after the pattern of Robespierre. 