OCCASIONAL PAPERS.1 AGES AGO. By Wybbbt Reeve. MO. 1. The cover of the book is long since gone, probably generations back—the leaves are yel low with age, the type a little faded bat won derfully clear. I Bhould donbt in this age of adulteration if our modern ink will be found as clear one hundred and thirty-three years hence. The date is 1760. It contains the 12 monthly numbers 'of the Lady's Magazine for that year, and is edited by a Mrs. Stan hope, sometimes addressed as the Hon. Mrs. Stanhope. It was a surprise to me to find a lady editing a magazine in those days. The Taller and Spectator had run their course ; the gentle Addison and erratic Dick Steele had played their parts. Thackeray, in his lecture on Steele, says—" I take up a volume of Dr. Smollett, or a volume of the Spectator, and 'I get the expression of the life of the time; of the man ners, of the movements, the dress, the pleasures, the society—the old times live again, and I travel in the old country of England. Can the heaviest historian do more for me?" These words could be well applied to the Lady's Magazine. It is evidently a publication of note of its day—full of varied literature and ir information. Take the September number, for example. It opens with a lachrymose story of the Richard son order, " The History of the Fuir Maria then follows " The Life of a Coquet," it iB a true history written by an old lady ot 74, who married at the age of 18, and is afterwards admired by a friend of her husband's, about whom she makes the naive confession " I treated his passion with contempt, yet endeavoured to increase it by a thousand little coquetries, from which it was not in my power to abstain—perhaps it is impossible to be a woman without being in some measure a coquet." Your lady of strong woman's rights predi lections will deny this, but I am not at all sure the old lady is not quite correct, and that this same woman-right theory is not an off shoot of precisely the same parent tree. The roots are there, although the branches may take-up a variety of forms. The gentleman who flirts with the writer has a wife, who discovers his affection, and she appeals to the coquette, and says:—"My charms cannot pretend to call him back, when you have captivated." Clever wife! She knew her sex, for the old lady confesses " her acknow ledging the superiority of my charms was a stroke that reached my heart; her demand ing quarter from my beauty was a circum stance it was impossible to resist." How very candid this old lady is. Then she goes on describing her admirers, and her means of coquetting with them. It might have been written yesterday. The method is not changed; it is the same to-day as 13U odd years back. Time, that terrible enemy to ilirtation, changes our coquette from a pretty girl to a fine woman. Then, she says, the most becoming colours, the most fashion able patterns, whether to look tender, pen sive, or sprightly, gave her the greatest anxiety. Her feelings towards her lady friends are raised or depressed as she sees them rival or fail in their attractions. At last, when old age comes, Bhe consoles her self with the belief she wears well—much better than other women of her acquaint ance, and adds—" Men have peculiar tastes; some admire green fruit, and others fruit that is falling." She was not want ing, therefore, in resources of comfort; but at length a friend dies, and her death seems to have roused her to a sense of her folly, and induces her to write this con fession. What does she then resort to? Cannot the reader guess? Why, of course, religion. She finds that "religion alone could smooth the road to immortality." How many women have reached the same con viction and end, when worldly admiration is no longer possible ? There follows a letter from a friend in Paris to " Dear, Ned." The writer says the King has "a fine complexion, and such a charming white and red in his cheeks as many an English lady would give ten thousand pounds for, and the very smock from her back to be mistress of." The Queen he describes as the most agreeable woman he had ever seen, and this brings him to the remark—" You must know, Ned, all the French ladies are of the same complexion, and as they keep their roses and lilies in their dressing-boxes, they lay as great a quantity upon their cheeks as they have occasion for; so this iB not to be wondered at" We torn from this letter to an artiole on! "The Assemblies of Russia," giving a carious insight into the manners of the age when Catherine Alexowna was Empress, a few years before ahe was determined to release women from the bondage in which they were socially kept She introduced taffeta and damask in their dresseB instead of the coarse material in whioh they were usually clad, and took the bold step of establishing mixed assemblies, in which the women asso ciated with the men. They had previously been shut up in separate apartments; bo an ordinance was issued, which is herein pub lished for the first time out of Russia, and gives an idea of Catherine's notion of good manners. It runs as follows.; I have slightly abbreviated the articles or code of luw and order:— 1\. The person at whose house .the assembly is to be given shall signify the same by hanging out a\bil|,-or-by giving some other 'public notice to persons of both sexes. '& The assembly shall not. open sooner than 4 or 6 o'clock in the afternoon, nor con tinue longer than 10 at night & The master of the house Bhall not be obliged to meet his guests and conduct them out, but he shall find ohairs, candles, liquors, and all other necessaries the com pany may ask for; he is likewise to provide them with cards, dice, and everything necessary for gaming. 4\. There shall be no fixed hour for ooming or ooming away. 6\. Everyone shall be free to sit, walk, or game, nor shall anyone go about to hinder or take exception at what he or she does, upon pain of emptying the great eagle (a pint bowto/brmidy). 6\. Persons 'of distinction, noblemen, superior officers, merchants,"and tradesmen of note, head workmen; especially carpenters and persons employed in Chancery, are to have liberty to enter the assemblies, as like wise their wives and children. , 7\. A particular place shall be assigned the' footmen. 8\. No ladies ere to get drunk upon any pretence whatsoever. Nor shall any gentle man be drank before 9. • 9\. Ladies who play at forfeitures, ques tions, and commands shall not be noisy or riotous; no gentleman shall attempt to force skies; nor no person, shall offer to strike a woman in the assembly under pain of future exclusion. What a strange insight this Royal ordinance gives ub into the manners of Russian society of that age. What a curiosity it is t There is to he every necessary for gaming. Fancy the unfortunate disturber having to empty a pint of brandy! I wonder what brandy was like in those days. Was it the potent adulterated stuff of much of the present? According to Rule 6 tradesmen, head work men, especially carpenters, ore to find a place in the assemblies. Probably the spirit of the Great Peter, who worked.us a shipwright, in spired this qualification; but, oh ladies of one hundred and fifty odd years ago, why Bhould there be a special ruTe to .keep you soher? And gentlemen of that age were evidently at assemblies in the habit of getting drunk before 9 o'clock. We can appreciate the rule that no attempt shall be made to force a kiss ; but, you barbarians of ages ago, was it your custom to strike women in public com pany, that tiiere should be a rule against it? A letter to Mrs. Stanhope follows this Russian document, on benevolence, and sus pending " the labours of the toilet in order to wear the more captivating charms of benevolence and pity." From this article it would appear the greater part of a woman's time was spent at the toilet, and an instance is given of the benevolence of one Roger Crabb. Although a man, he is put forward as an example by the writer to the fair sex. A couple of pages are devoted to him. He had made a fortune in trade as a hatter, and gave it all to the poor. Ife insisted that we had no right to be fed or clothed from the spoils of other creatures (he evidently came to this conclusion after he had made a for tune with hats). He built himself a hut near Uxbridge, and lived on herbs and water —of course, meat, game, and fish were alto gether tabooed at his table. He had a knack of succouring maidens in distress—a great deal cf his time appears to have been taken up in this way. He wore sackcloth; and, strangest of all, we are told, lived comfort ably on three farthings a week. Well done, Roger Crabb! Here is a problem for a poli tical economist. Even taking the difference in the value of a penny in those days, how did he manage to live comfortably on three farthings a week ? We might have doubted it had not the writer vouched for the truth. The next article is a blood-curdler. Ic is ' Some Account of the Vampyres of Hun gary, &c.;" It is stated that, in several parts of Servia, Poland, and Hungary, according to the _ most credible witnesses, some dead bodies, after they have been buried, rise from their graves at night, enter the houses of those people who are living near a churchyard, or others they must have a particular taste for, and suck their blood, so that the person dies. The statement is not only believed, but " the truth of it is attested to by people of the countries and physicians of the greatest eminence'." The writer has seen a letter from the relation of one who died by a vampyre. This letter is published. It is dated from Effen. He speaks of the ravages of war over the country, "and as if that was not enough, the death of forty-three persons by vampyres in a village" not far from the city he writes from. An instance is given by two young men, friends. One dies; the other suddenly becomes emaciated, and expires after a few days, having twice on succeeding nights been visited by his dead friend, ana doctors and others conclude he has lost his blood by his vampyre friend, so they dig up the body, and can anything be more hideons than the result described. " There was no sign of putrefaction, the eyes were open and glaring, and seemed to move, the colour of the corpse was ruddy, and the onlookers swore to its being bloated with blood, the hair and nails are con siderably grown" (he had only been in his grave 13 days); "the mouth and nostrils seemed to emit fresh-drawn blood," and the description concludes with—"the whole made the most frightful spectre that imagina tion could conceive." So I should think. There was no doubt after all this as to the truth of their suspicions, so a stake was driven through the body down into the earth, so that his wandering proclivities should be ended, but some still doubted the success of this, bo the body was taken up again and burnt; then the good folks of the village rested at night in their beds. This account is certified and made oath to by over 500 people. One Father Gabriel, in his Natural History of Poland, affirms on undoubted authority "that infernal spirits, Buch as vampyres, are common enough, and offers to bring the evidence of hundreds to prove it," but the writer in the Ladies' Magazine takes the liberty of doubting the truth of it alt, and winds up his article with a moral reflection which does credit to him, "that ghosts, goblins, and fairies present themselves only to eyes clouded by the darkness of ignorance, error, and super stition," a very wise conclusion. What shall we say of some of the spiritualists of to-day, who are on such familiar terms with the dead ? Ignorance does not apply to them, however much superstition ana error may warp their commonsense. I suppose after such a " sup of horrors " Mrs. Stanhope thinks some good advice on " Love and Gallantry " would be refreshing. Its application is just as true now as then. Take the following selections from the article:— " In choosing a lover our sex are too often mistaken, for they almost ever choose upon a wrong principle—in general the most com plaisant and the .most assiduous is pre ferred." " Never was a woman betrayed by a coxcomb but would have been a coxcomb herself had nature made her a roan." " One of the surest methods of fixing upon a lover is to examine how bis own sex thinkB of him ; it it universally condemns him as a fool, or a villain, lie can never become more wise, and seldom more honest, by any favours our sex can bestow." " Love which oomes at first sight is but of short continuance, and to love truly and long j we must help out the transitory passion with! friendship; it is this that gives it a real existenoe." " To give away one's heart is to give one's Belf away ; and we should well consider to whom we make thejn&enk;*' What pan be bejttet than these wise saws. If the reader be young, I hope be, or she, may profit by them; Twkktvthousakd orchids are on exhibition at the Chicago Exposition.' They come from I Mexico, Florida, South Amerioa, and Africa. They were nearly all out in the forests, and j sent on thelimba to which they naturally l cling. . 