THE COMING FOOTBALL SEASON. BY OBSERVER. Although with each succeeding winter the pessimistic opinion that football has reached the climax of its popularity, and may be ex- pected to decline and have its period of depression in common with most other games, finds pretty general expression, it must be admitted that, in spite of hard times and poorly-lined pockets, the outlook is as bright as ever. Indeed, our experience with cricket during the summer just closed shows that the worse the times the better the pros- pects for sports of this character, which can be cheaply enjoyed. Where, for example, can a man even reasonably fond of the game expect to find a cheaper sixpence-worth of entertainment than two hours' exciting football on a Saturday afternoon? And when it is shown that the masses are no longer able to spare even a sixpence for that pur- pose, then, indeed, will Melbourne be in a bad way. Cheapness is at once the strength and weakness of football. It ensures a sufficient revenue to conduct the sport in a large and liberal spirit where the expenditure is a judicious one, and enables the onlooker to see the game absolutely at its best. But the cheapness also brings in an element that, if unchecked, would soon ruin the game, and the executive of football teams should bear the danger in mind before jumping to the conclusion, as they very often do, that much of the criticism to which they are subjected is the mere outcome of personal animus or club rivalry. Most of the clubs have already held their annual meetings, the most stormy being that of the Carlton Club, at which an item of "general expenditure £185 6s. 10d.," which looked suspicious as it stood, but turned out to be very innocent on analysis, seems to have caused most of the mischief. If trea- surers would go a little more into detail with- out carrying the principle to absolutely absurd limits much of this outcry would be stilled. In speaking of statements in the press as to the payment of players and the selling of matches, the president of the Carlton Club has probably confused what he has heard with what he has read. Anyone who follows the game closely through a season will hear of instances by the hundred in which players are said to have been either paid to win matches or bribed to lose them, but few people pay attention to this senseless chatter, and it very rarely appears in print except where there is a desire to grasp at some ghost of suspicion for the sake of sensational- ism. what the president of the Carlton Club would do if he had his own way is pretty clearly indicated, and Mr. Gillespie has, at any rate, the courage of his opinions. He believes in professionalism straight out Others equally familiar with the game do not. One of Mr. Gillespie's reasons in favour of professionalism is that it would prevent players running from club to club, but this is a point on which we are not altogether without experience. We know that one par- ticular club was enabled for years to hold the premiership solely and wholly through a system of actual, if not open, professionalism, and that the best players of other clubs flocked to its standard. The same effect, in a slightly varied form, would follow the adoption of professionalism now, save that a few of the richer clubs, instead of one club only, would have a monopoly of the premiership and its advantages, while the poor clubs would remain hopelessly poor. One great objection to professionalism is that even the successful club for the year could not afford to pay even 20 players enough per week to keep them decently. At £2 a week it would cost £800 for 20 weeks' football, apart from all other expenses, and only a few of the best clubs could afford such an outlay. Let a club by all means spend as much as it can afford in entertaining its teams at dinners or theatre parties, or any other form of amusement which rich and poor, high and low, can take in common without feeling that they are being either bribed or degraded, but payment for play, direct and avowed, brings a new element into the game viz., men who will only play if paid, and will play badly if it be made more profitable to them to make mistakes than to win. I, for one, should like to hear all the reasons in favour of professionalism publicly stated by some- one like Mr. Gillespie, whose position as President of a leading club gives him the right to speak authoritatively, and who has shown that he is not afraid of his opinions because the majority are against him. South Melbourne, after a brief spasm of virtue which has brought no more satis- factory result than an overdraft, appears to be relapsing into its old ways, and the appointment of the captain and best player of the St. Kilda team to act as secretary for the club may be regarded as the first signs of this moral retrogression. In justice to Mr. Forman, it must be said that he came from South Melbourne originally, being one of those gems of purest ray serene which are too often in football born to blush unseen by the local match committee. Still it seems unlikely that the fact of being South Melbourne by birth and inclination would have secured him the appointment had he not also been one of the comets-it would be wrong to call him a planet-of the St. Kilda twenty. This case of coaxing away a good player from another club is not a bit worse, of course, than scores that have pre- ceded it, and the player concerned is a ten times better man in every respect than the bulk of the floating population of the foot- ball world. I mention the case merely to express a hope that the internal strife which must have attended the appointment will have no serious effect on the South Mel- bourne Club. For after the high-minded sentiments expressed by Mr. Sloss and other South Melbourne representatives last year, when Burns deserted them to go to Geelong, we must necessarily assume that this ap- pointment had their bitterest opposition. It is a relief to turn from a case of that kind and listen to the remarks of Mr. R.H. M'Leod in moving the adoption of the Mel- bourne Club's report and balance-sheet at the annual meeting Mtlbourne would not, so Mr. M'Leod said, attempt to improve its twenty at the expense of other teams, but would trust to juniors and schoolboys for recruits. It would not ask any player from any rival club to join its ranks save under exceptional circumstances. These are indeed, tor the most part rare and beautiful principles. and it is a thousand pities that they should be spoiled by a lame and matter- of-fact conclusion. The interesting thing now is to learn what Mr. M'Leod considers an exceptional circumstance. Would the best player of another team come under that classification ? However ambiguous Mr. M'Leod's speech may have been, his balance sheet was singularly free of either equivocal or too comprehensive entries. And in football clubs that alone is "an exceptional circumstance." Although the Faster Monday match be- tween Geelong and South Melbourne has no other recommendation, it has now received the recognition of usage, and there is every sign that it will in due course become an argument for an extension of the football season, so that the better-paying game may have the bigger halt of the year. Mr. Sloss, in sounding the first note in the direct- tion at a social gathering ot the two clubs named, appears to have suffered from a lapse of memory in assuming that football does not at present extend over six months of the year. The custom with nearly all the clubs has been to play a series of preparatory matches in April and to open the premier- ship season in April-which was presumably Mr. Sloss's idea-would simply mean the playing of these preliminary games in March. There are many good reasons why the present arrangements should continue. The first and chief is that summer is the natural season for cricket and winter for foot- ball, and that we have more summer than winter : the second is that cricket is the better game of the two, though that is a point on which we are free to differ. A third serious objection is that extensions of the season mean more gate money more professionalism, and an in- creased number of clubs, until, like the gate money race meetings around Melbourne they shall be strangling each other by a too dense growth, like weeds in a ditch. A fourth and very good reason against an extension, and one too that players should appreciate ; is that the severe training to which they now subject themselves is not a thing to be lightly extended. All necessary reforms come in time if the wrong be manifest and is hammered at con- -sistently. The old plan of arranging matches was so selfish and unfair that its rejection was only a question of time, and this year the matches are arranged by a committee on a more legitimate basis. The ideal plan would of course be a draw, in which per chance, the two best clubs of last season might come together on the opening Satur- day, an arrangement perfectly satisfactory to the spectators, but one which neither club would probably appreciate. Use and wont demand Some respect, however, and in draw- ing. out the programme the committee have sought to respect as far as possible tradi- tional engagements. And with matches such as Fitzroy v.Richmond and Geelong v. St. Kilda, for the opening day no football fol- lower can complain of the want of a game worth watching, During the month of April, begining appropriately with All Fools' Day, the air is full oi rumours as to changes in the constitu- lion of clubs. And these statements are made with all the confidence of men who had forgotten for the time being the trouble experience by certain players who wished to change clubs last season and could not per- suade the association that a change was desirable. The names of Webb, of Tasmania, and Bushby,of South Australia, both of whom caused much discussion in the association last year, are mentioned as likely appear in club lists, and several of the old South Melbourne players, such as M'Kay and O'Meara, intend, it is said, wearing the red and white again, South Melbourne players state that in Wat- son the club have found a better goal kicker than Thurgood, and I wish them no worse luck than that the impression may be correct, but these fresh young giants of early April have so often shrunk into comparative dwarfs by the end of May. Essendon will, it is and, have very much the same men to pick. from as last year, and a good many more if they want them, for this is one of the advantages that accrue to a club from winning the premiership. Foot- bailers in common with those w ho play other games.like to be associated with a success Some improvements are being made on the Essen- don cricket-ground with a view of inducing the club to play a few, at least, of its matches, in the suburb from which it takes its name, and possibly a few of its players. For this season, however, it is likely that the ground will chiefly be monopolised by the Essendon district, an improving junior twenty. And in this connection it may be remarked that while Essendon district means Essendon only, the district of Essendon as applied to the senior twenty extends as far west as Warrnambool. 