GRIFFO AND MARSHALL. . GLOVE EIGHT AT DARLING- HURST. . A Disgraceful Disturbance. The Sine Rushed by the Crowd. V A Scene of Wild Disorder-All the Chairs Broken-iriffo Wins on a Foul— Marshall Out classed. Great excitement was manifested yester day ovening in the GriQb-Marshall boxing contest at Darlinghnrst Rink, which cul minated in a disgraceful disturbance. There were nearly 3000 poopla in the hall by the time tho preliminary bouts wera over and the principals woro ready to begin work. The crush round tho ring aide was ..terrible, and the lot of tho packed together spectators was rendored all tho moro uncomfortable by reason of the sweltering heat. Griffo was the first to make his appearance in the ring, and to judge from the vociferous applause he was a strong favorite. His supporters had rolled up in great force. After some delay the ebony form of Marshall was ob served struggling through tho crowd. He was cheered as he ascended the platform. He looked as confident as could be, and on seeing his opponent dra matically shook hands with him. Tho men, who looked well trained, fitted on the small white gloves, which had previously been thrown into tho arena, and then a tiresome wait of nearly an hour occurred owing to tho difficulty experienced in getting the services of tho necessary officials. It was not that faction spirit ran high over the encounter, and nobody cared to act in the responsible position of juago or referee. The articles of agreement prescribed that there should be two judges and a referee ; but it was found awt>6tjr Aiu juBQiuiv bu guu iiiu necessary number. First ono and . then another of those asked to act refused, and a Btrange sight was proscntod in tho various attend ants of the men leaning over the ropes and gesticulating at and arguing with indi viduals in tho crowd with a view of procuring their services. Ultimately Steve O'DonuoIl consented to act as referee, tho judges being dispensed with. Time keepers were none too plentiful, and having been appointed tho rcfcreo ordered the men to shake hands. He called time, and then what would, had it been allowed to have gone to a finish, have been about the most furiouB contest ever seen in Sydney com menced. Tho weights were:— Griffo, 9st 131b ; Marshall, 8st 1331b. Marshall was the taller. Griffo forced tho fight from tho very outset, and fought with wonderful dash, paralysing, so to speak, tho colored man. Tho champion's onslaughts wero bo sudden and vicious that Marshall could not comprehend them, and displayed a great anxiety to grasp his opponent round tho body and collect his thoughts. But Griffo was full of fight, and did not give Mar shall tho fraction of a second's rest. Blows ' rained on Marshall's head and face, and try as he did he could not stop them. His ex changes wero stopped, and Griffo put in half a dozen blows to every ouo of his. Marshall then began to fight in utter con travention to tho rule. As Griffo rushed he invariably ducked under hia arm, seized him round the waist with his lott, and punched at him with the right. This was' hitting in clinches, which is considered foul play. This failing gavo rise to a tremendous uproar, and loud and deep wero the impre cations launched against Marshall, who, despite the fact that the referee had jumped into the ring to forcibly part the men when they clinched, persisted in his tactics. Tho people about the ring seemed to loso control of themselves, and a rush for tho ring was made. The five or six rows of chairs round tho roped enclosure were all occupied, and the people in the -rear of theso charged forward over the heads of those in front. They came like the rush of many waters, and a fearful eceno occurred. The occupants of the chairs made a ieeblo resistance and the charge brought tho rushing part up against tho ring side. Those in front clambered up on to the stage and hung on by tho ropes, and the others, realising that there was not foothold there for them, seemed panic-stricken, and rnBhed back. Men and chairs were sonfc flying, and whon the rush was over there was not a solitary chair left standing. The floor was covered with wreckage. Disorder prevailed all over tho immense hall, those peoplo on the platform by tho ropes, of course, blocking tho view of cvorybody except those who woro so situated as to bo able to boo over their heads. Young men could be seen climbing up to places whore they could get a good view of tho contest, wine', during this riot, still continued. An alarm of- fire was raised as one of tho electric light globes was pulled down, and a stampede was made by a good many for the door. There was, however, no danger of a conflagration. The fight could not bo seen by more than a couple of hundred out of the 3000 present. It continued all in favor of Griffo, Marshall continually putting iu clinches. The pace was terrific during tho opening. round, and Marshall scorned done. Griffo had kept at him like a tiger. Marshall was warned by the referee during the interval. Marshall came up to the scratch very fightable, and triod to assume the aggressive, but Griffo niado tho temperature of things too sultry for him, and so Jerry -clinched and clinched to save. He forgot all about tho refereo'a caution, and fouled most glaringly. The referee still had to pull the men asnnder and exercised great forbearance with Marshall, who had all tho worst of tho second round. Tho third round was a repetition of the two first, Mar shall fighting unfairly. He seemed to have not the ghost of a show, Griffo's rushes non plussing him, Marshall was howled at for fouling, and tho referee growing tired of his frequent breaches. of the rules awarded the victory to Griffo. This gavo rise to general satisfaction, Marshall, by his conduct, hav ing created an unfavorable opinion. Had Marshall fought fairly he could not have lasted long, being clearly outclassed. 