WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW 2 Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives atNo. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Mies Minnie Parrot boards •with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) tlie two women locked all tl\e doors and went 10 the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven j thej returned, and entered the house laughing i and talking. But as they weut into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. : Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantiu stature, The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, Ins eyes gleam* ing through the eyeholes in it. His shirt .sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all tlio doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health,"' writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On tho fourth ] of these nights about two o'clock, I was sud- i denly aroused from a dose by what seemed like j the calling of my name ; and at the foot of tho 1 bed stood tho image of my mother just as sho looked five years before, as she was leaving i home to go on a journey, on which journey she I was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed j and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of I it, and the local old women gossips said it was I a summons and I would never gee well. Yet l I did, and am in perfect health now. Ibolieve j that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've ! never peeu it since, and it's moro than three | years ago now." j No doubt it waB the nerves. Why, there'B j no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on ; you when .your system is out of condition. In March, 18U0, it was that Mrs Jane Foster, of j Darracott Road* Pokesdowu, Hants, wrote us 1 as follows:—"I was so dreadfully nervous I i could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish thein far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in tho morning felt little the better for having gone co bed. There was oiten a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-byo I had to Ho helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully X thought I should loso my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. 411 had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once i just as badly off, and was cured by Mother I JSeigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by tho end of the week I went down stairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion, The original cause was ^rief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by acci dent, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given now vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of tho Bridge port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing moro or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and , dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the I person who sees them, ard when Mother Soigcl's I tiyrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain | only what ia natural and wholesome. 