COIORESPONDENCE. [We do not hold ourselves responsible for nor necessarily endorse, opinions expressed by correspondents.] CHRISTADELPHIANISM.; (TO THE EDITOR OF THE RECORD). SR,--In your issue of the 15th August Mr. M'Gibbon attempts to defend the posi tion assumed by Christadelphians, viz., that belief in the six points already stated in your columns, is absolutely essential to s ivation, and, as I expected, his attempt has ended in failure. Now, while I admit that there is a cerlain amount of truth in the points re ferred to, yet I have no hesitation in saying that when these are understood in the light of the full teaching of Christadelphianism, there is a large admixture of error, and that, too, of the most pernicious character. I may say just here that since commencing this correspoddence I have become better acquainted with Christadelphian literature, and so far from regarding its teaching with tolerance, I now look upon it as dangerous in the extreme, and would no longer dream of persuading those who have embraced Christadelpbianism to remain with us. Its teaching, when fully disclosed, would not be tolerated among the Churches of Christ. It is well that there should be no misunder standing on this matter between Mr. sl'Gibbon and myself. Mr. M'Gibbon seemingly delights in twit ting the Churches of Christ with manifesting a certain amount of forbearance in its membership in regard to difference of opinion in reference to some of the matters contained in the six points alluded to in this discussion. What then Simply nothing, so far as this controversy is concerned, for the question at issue just now is not what the Churches of Christ teach, but wlrat Christa delphia.s teach. But while the fact of differences of opinion existing among the Churches of Christ are of no moment, so far as this controversy is concerned, it is far otherwise in regard to Christadelphianism: It must speak with one roice or it is lost. There must be no" difference of opinion be. tween its leaders in regard to its propaganda, for if there should be,' then the system: collapses, and all its pretentions fall to the ground. It will, therefore, be my task to show that the leadersof the Christadelphian movement, so far from speaking with one voice, give utterance to widely divergent teachings. This I will show in dealing with the points expounded by Mr. I'Gibbon. As before, I will indent and number dmy quotations from fMr. M'Gibbon, placing my remarks under ach,. i. "It simply remains for me, (Mr. M'Gibbon) now to present a few par. ticular scripturardeclarations as to the necessity of a right knowledge of this sublime truth that the God of the Bible, is one, not two, not three, nor any , multiple or fraction thereof." I presume that Mr. 3'Gibbon believes that there is "one God and Father of all," and " on Lord," and "one Spirit 1" and, therefore, in common with myself, believes in the trinity of the Bible, while rejecting the trinity of the creeds; the difference between him and myself being that he regards those who define God in the language of the creeds as lost, while I do not. It is not my intention to defend my position, I simply state it, as my business just now is to examine the claims of Christadelphianism. At the outset of my examination I am met with the fact that Christadelphianism does not speak the same thing when it attempts to define the Deity, and yet it arrogantly claims that its exposition of the truth uerct be received in order that salva. tion may be obtained I Air. M'Gibbon declares that "the God of the Bible is one, not two, not three, nor any multiple or fraction thereof." Dr. Thomas, the foildpr of Christadelphianism, asserts that th'reisa plirality of Gods. Hear what he says in commenting on the 1st chapter of Genesis: ','There will be found no good reason to question the conclusion that Elohim (trans. lated God in Genesis , 1), is a noun plural, and signifies"' EG` nd ought to be so rendered through the chapter." These things being so, and as it is impossible that both Dr. Thomas and Mr. M'Gibbon can be correct in such conflicting statements, I have a right to ask which of them is the one that must be believed in in order to salvation ? Which is to be regarded as Christade rlian. iem? The statement made by the f (Dr. Thomas), or the disciple (Mr. M'Gibbon) ? If there was no other defect that this in Christadelphianism, it strikes a fatal blow at its baseless assumption to be the infallible guide of inquirers as to the way of salvation. 2\. "Similar simple and satisfactory evidences exist as to the necessity for believing the truth concerning Jesus of Nazareth, as well as those historical matters in connection with Him about which no sane man to-day can dispute." I am in agreement with Mr. M'Gibbon as to the necessity of believing the truth both in regard to God and Jesus Christ, but I deny that belief in the Christadelphian ex. position of these truths is essential to salvation. As I have already shown, Christadelphianism is (not')agreed in its definition of God, and I will now show that its teaching in regard to Jesus Christ is widely antagonistic. As being essential to salvation, Mr. M'Gibbon requires us to believe that Jesus did not have any existence prior to His birth, while Mr. Roberts (another leader), declares that " He existed only as a purpose," and Dr. Thoinas, in the C?ristadelphian of 1870, commenting on the Apostle John's testimony when he raid, " This was He of whom I said, He that cometh after me is become before me, for Hfe was brfore nre," says:-" The question then in view of the prophetic word is whom didr Jo.hn introduce.' The Spirit of Christ in Maleehi; and Isaiah saith it was Jehoah.. This is undeniable by any one claiming to understand and believe the prophets. We are brought, then, to this: Was John before Jehovah who sent him, or was Jehovah before John? The answer is obvious. Such was the pre existent mightier one, of whom John said, lIe was before me.'" Again on this same subject Dr. Thomas says:-" John being six months older than Jesus, John was in that sensc before Jesus. Bnt John saysJens wnas before me. Hence He pre-existed before John, though born after him." Here then are three assertions--lst. That Jesus did not exist prior to His birth; 2nd, That He existed only as a purpose; and 3rd, Thalnt he existed as Jehovab. From these statements what conclusion is to be arrived at? The only logical one is thrat Jeltoralt prior to the birth of Jesus exidted only as a I think the shabove quotation will serve to sholw your readers that the claim put forth by Christadelphians to be the teachers of truth is an(arrogant assumption,vhile their totally.lsapprrted assertion that none can be saved who do not accept their dogmas is in one sense dreadful, in another it is supremely ridiculous. It would be well for Mr. l'Gtbbon to enlighlten as as to whether a belief in his theory or Dr. Thomas' is the one essent'ni to be believed in order to sal vation. 3\. " With the fundamental truth in hand that God is absolutely one, Philo logy shows the intimate connection of 'spirit' with * Him' from whom it prc ceeds; for in all languages, Hebrew, Greek, Latin and English. thie radical meaning of the word'spirit' is 'some thing breathed,' the essential nature of the thing itself being unexpressed." It is noticeable that Mlr. M'Gibbon does not seem to care to say in so many words what the real belief of Christadelphianism is in regard to the Holy Spirit. And I am not surprised at this, as it rrquires more than ordinsry boldness to acquaint the uniniliarted that the Chrietadelphian creed defines thel(HolySpirit as--ELECTRICITY. Listen to wbat hfr. Roberts. the author of C'hristendeom Astray (one of the Christadel. phian text books) has to say on this bead ' The Holy Ghost is the focalised concen trarion of the will.power of the Father exerted by means of His 'l orce sptrit,' hichb fills Heaven and earth." . . . .Ae allude to ELECTRICITr. Thiis is everywhere, and is the fonodation of all organisation, in fact of all substance, whether organiserl or unorgsnrsed." . . . . ". What is this 1 Could a better name be devised than A.ebat the Scriptures have given it-SPIrnT I'%c Let us now have a look at the revised versiron of the New Testament as rendered by Christadelphians. " Baptising them into the name of the Father, and of the son, and of ?eetrieillty Matt. xxviii, 19. (Chrietadelphr n version.r ' Why has lstan filled thine heart to lie to Elfetricity" Thou hast not lied unto men, unt unto od," Acts v, 3, 4 (C. v.) " For the loSve aof etericity Rom. . v, S0 (C. v.) i "The grace of he Lord Jesus Christ, and the communion of .letricit be with you all," 1I. Cor. xiii, 14 C. v.) / (NOTE. - The communion of electricity would mean sudden death.) "How much more shall the blood of, Christ, who through the eterna'electricity Tffered Himself." Heb. ix, 14 (C.'..) " Christ bei put to death in the flesh, but quickened by lclctricityý' I. Pet. iii, 18 (C. v.) " rhe electrieitL glory and of God rcsteth up n you." T. Pet. 4, 14 (C. v.) "But the blasphemy against electricit, shall not be forgiven unto men,"l-Mlatt, \xii, 32 (C. v.) "Grieve not the felectricity, of God." Eph. iv, 20 (C. v.) "I will pray the Father, and He will give you anotherTlectricity,\even thel lectricit, of truth." Jhn xiv, 16, 16 (C. v.) But enough. It is passing strange that men can be found to receive such teaching as truth. I confess that prior to this dis. cassion I had no idea that Christadelphianism spelt blasphemy. Any expression of toler ance for it that I may formerly have expressed in my ignorance of its true teach ing, is now entirely withdrawn. I am filled with profound sorrow that men can be found who have the audacity to attempt to foist such antinscriptural teaching upon the public ; and, alas, that there should be any weak enough to allow themselves to be entangled in the web of such vain and deceitful sophistry.-Again thanking you in anticipation, yours, etc., H. M'LELLAN. 117 Swanston-street, Melbourne. 