FICTION. THE GREAT GRILL-STREET CONk SPIRACY. BY SIR GILBERT CAM?PBLL. CHAPTER XVI.-(CONTINUED.) Had not Wenlock's face been too well , trained to evince any signs of astonish. Sment, it would certainly have done so now. As it was, however, with the same Stolid expression of face, he pulled out a -note book from his pocket and copied the address into it. ' Thank you, sir, it may come in handy, perhaps ; but we want to ,get at the real head of the conspiracy. Bam, Britton, one of the Scotland Yard men, did think that he had got a clue, but it turned out a dead frost, as the actors say. Ah ! Sam is a clever fellow in his way, but he isn't quite infallible.' ' Ah!' observed the General; ' well, we'll put Mr Sam out of the .question for the time. If you really want to find out who is the prime mover in the .plot, the sneaking scoundrel who stands behind the curtain and pulls the wires, you must go to--' 'Yes, sir,' broke in Wenloolk, leaning a little forward, and a transient gleam of interest, showing upon his face. ' Go to ?' ' To No. 49 Great Grill-street, W.C.,' answered the General, ' and look after a certain Mr Craddock Lipthw aite.' The detective's face fell at once, and he .shook his head in a mystic manner. .'Excuse me, General,'. said he, ' but you're out of it, too. Mr Lipthwaite was the party Britton had in his eye, but he turned out to be a most respectable gent -a great traveller, and rather in the scientific lay. No, it wont do; and if that is your idea, the sooner you get rid of it the better.' ' You obstinate donkey,' returned the incensed veteran. 'Do you think because a muddle-headed detective makes a state ment it must be correct ? I should have thought you knew the worth of Scotland "Yard better than that. I tell you that Craddock Lipthwaite is the man, and that he it is who issued orders to the dastardly Ahounds who are plotting secret murder in' .our very midst.' ' Well, sir,' answered the detective resignedly. ' of courase. if you've made up 'your inind, there is no use in arguing with you. Of course, if you say Mr Lipthwaite :is the man, you must be right. By the "way, sir, do you happen to know the nickname by which the dynamite chief is known to.his pals.' 'Of coursedi do,' replied the General, -who had heard it from Rhoda who had -caught it up.at the time she accompanied iDavid on one of his errands to Marshgate .street. ' It is- ' ' Don't.say it, sir; don't say it.' inter ,posed the detective. ' Take a bit of paper .and write it ; I'll do the same, and then we'll see if our information corresponds.' Muttering an impatient exclamation at this precaution, the General obeyed, and hastily scribbled a word upon an envelope ·which lay upon the table near him, whilst the detective followed his example upon aleaf which he tore from his note book. Both tasks were completed simul taneously, and an exclamation of surprise burst from the detective as he read the word Revolver upon the envelope which the General banded to him. ' By jingo, sir; you do know something after all,' .exclaimed he, as he struck his hand heavily upon the table. ' Do you mean -to say that clever Sam Britton has made a muddle of it after all ?' 'Sic down, my good man, sit down,' returned tho General, pretending to show no delight at his success, but succeeding very badly in the effort. 'You see -there is no detective like an old soldier ; \- and now, before we go any further, I want to explain to you that the person em ;ployed by Revolver to carry his orders and messages is a young friend of mine, David Ackland by name.' The detective drew a long breath. 'There are not many men in. the world .capable of surprising me as you have done to-day, sir,' he remarked, 'but when you tell me that a respectable young gent such as I have always considered Mrc Acklnd to be, is mixed up with those murderous sooundre's, then I do confess that you .almost make my hair stand up on my head.' 'I will make it do so entirely, my man, Sbefore I have done with ysu,' chuckled the veteran. ' And now, how do you think I came by this informa tion ' ' 'That's easy to guess,' returned the de tive, a little contemptuously. ' Of course, the youing gentleman got frightened, Sthought he had made an awful fool of himself, and came and made a clean breast of it to you. Ask me something Smore difficult next time, General.' 'Pooh i ' replied the General with such .a snort of derision that Wenlock started. 'I got my information from quite another source, from a young lady, in point of fact.' ' Well, sir, you needn't snap off my nose like that,' returned Wenlock. 'I supppse he told her and she came to -you. 'Now, look here,' said the General, 'there is not a bit of use in you pretend ing that you can guess how I came by my -information, because you can't do so. If you'll be quiet, I'll tell you; but, first, I want to know if you believe in ghosts ?' 'Well, sir,' answered the detective, \- after a short pause for consideration, 'I haven't had any reason for going into the -question, you see our business doesn't lay much with those kind of things, so, on the whole, I must say I don't.' ' Good,' answered the General, check ing off- Wenlock's reply upon his left hand with the -forefinger of his right; 'and now, do you place any faith in spirit influence-I' Do you mean drink, General ?' asked the man, doubtfully. S'Pehaw! I mean will, brain power, Sthe influence of the stronger mind over the weaker,' replied the old man. '-Precious little,' returned Wenlook, :with a grin. 'You see, sir, I have got an old mother who is always a-telling .what isgoing to happen by cards, and perhaps that makes me a bit incredulous on such subjects.' ' I don't care a- rap what you do be lieve and what you don't,'-returned the -General, irritably; 'and now, if you will sit quiet, I'll do my best to let you know exactly how I derived my information.' Matthew Wenlock sat perfectly still, with an expression of perfect resignation upon his face, whilst the General, as briefly as he could, poured out the whole tale which Rhoda had unfolded. 'And now,' said he, when he had con. cluded, ' what do you say ?' Wenlock fidgeted uneasily upon his chair, but for. a moment seemed to hesi-. tate to reply. ' Have you lost your tongne 1' asked the old man, testily. ' You won't be angry if I just tell you my plain opinion,' enquired Matthew. ' What the duce did I ask you to come here except for you to do so ?' was the reply. ' I presume, sir, that Mr Ackland and the young lady are engaged ?' resumed Wenlock. ' Any fool would guess that,' returned the General, politely. ' Then, sir, I think that the whole thing is a plant,' returned the detective, with much decision. ' A what !' roared the Gendral, in tones of surprise and anger. ' A plant -just a regular plant,' repeated Wenlock, perfectly unmoved by the pas sionate outburst that he had provoked. 'You see, sir, the young gent was led away-a bit too enthusiastic. They have been pitching yarns to him about the rights of Ireland, a downtrodden people, Saxon tyrants, and all that game, until he went in with them heart and soul; then, when he got a little more insight into the matters, he got frightened, and let it all out to the young woman-I beg your'pardon, the young lady. Then they hit upon this wonderful idea of will. power, and came with it to you, in the hope that, being a tender-hearted gentle man, and a friend of both parties, you would find some means to help 'em out of the scrape.' 'Oh !' repeated the General after a pause, as if he had been engaged in digesting the detective's reply. 'And so that is your opinion, is it ?' 'Yes it is, sir.' 'And you don't believe in will power ?' 'Not a hap'orth, sir,' was the uncom promising reply. ' Nor that the young lady possesses the power which she asserts she has?' per sisted the veteran. ' I don't'want to say anything against the young lady,' returned Wenlock; ' a woman will do a good deal for the man she is sweet upon.' ' Well, look here, then,' answered the General. 'I had my. doubts, the same as you have, and she simply put them to flight by making Cripps, who was in the kitchen, bring in a plate of raw meat and set it right down in my lap. What do you think of that?' 'Perhaps she'd square] Cripps,' began the detective; but the General would not allow him to proceed any further. ' Why, you are a regular unbeliever; but never mind that. Will yon do your beat to help us out of this mess !' 'Now you put it that way, I will, with all my heart,' answered Wenlock; but, look here: if the young lady has the power to make the young gentleman re collect what he has seen and heard during the time he-is under this sort of spiritual intoxication, tell her not to use it, or it may do him a bit of harm.' ' What do you mean?' inquired the old man. 'Never you mind just now, sir; but take my word, I am acting for the best. Unless almost a. miracle happens, Mr Acland will be in the hands of the police very shortly, and the less he knows about the matter when he is in his sober senses the better.' 'Well, as you like,' answered the General. 'And now will you act at once ?' 'To-morrow I'll open the campaign,' replied Wenlock, 'and make a report of my failure or success without delay. Good morning General;' and rising from his seat, the detective took his leave without going through the ceremony of bidding Cripps-farewell. CHAPTER XVII. A SOEPTIC CONVINCOED. All that evening Matthew Wenulock thought over the strange communication which' he had received from General Warmington, and the more he weighed the matter, the more his strong common senserevolted against the possibility of the strange power exercised by one human being over another. 'It must bhe a dodge,' he murmured as he filled his pipe, which hehad permitted to become extinguished duing his prolonged meditation; 'and yet if it is, it is a precions clumsy one, and won't save the young chap from the con sequence of his acts. I'm sorry for him, for he was a decentish sort of chap. That can't be helped, however, and Matthew, my lad, if you can ferret out this busi ness, and cut out Scotland Yard again, you'll be such a big man that, if you don't take care, the world will not be large enough for you. The first thing to do is to call upon Mr Oraddock Lipthwaite. I hope I shall be more successful than poor Sam Britton. The idea I have formed is a good one, and I have the bait ready to hand." As he spoke he crossed the room, and opening a cupboard, took frcom it a small-sized work-box, which he opened with a key hanging from his watch-chain, and extracted a bundle of papers, partly printed and partly written, with what seemed like the stamps of some foreign Government upon each of them. How lucky,' he murmured, as he care e?ssly fingered the mass of flimsy papers ' that I got hold of all these forged Bra zilian bonds when that fellow Guttierez blew out his brains ; they will come in very handy for to morrow's campaign.' le sat up some time longer maturing his plans, when he had gone through them point by point, he mixed himself a glass of whiskey and water, and after swallowing the contents, went calmly to bed. The next morning, at about half-past ten a visitor2 knocked at the door of 49 Great Grill-street, and asked for Mr Craddock Lipthwaite. He was a rather slight man, a little under the medium height. The expression of his countenance was simple and confiding, and he walked with a slight, though perceptible, stoop. He was dressed in black, and !his long ooat, of rather a clerical cut, descended some way: below his knees ;.his ecole siastical appearance was further increased by a white tie, n6t of the most spotless cleanliness. He wore a soft, black felt hat and a pair of black cotton gloves, and carried a baggy umbrella in his right hand. 'HMr Oraddook Lipthwaite ? asked he, as the untidy servant opened the door in response to his summ-ns. 'Yes, sir,' answered the maidservant. ' Will you please give me your name ?' 'Name--oh, my name is the Revy. Arnold Weatherleigh,' answered the visitor; ' but you need not announce me. Mr Lipthwaite expects me, and I will go up to his room on the drawing-room floor.' Before the maidservant could offer any objection, the clerical gentleman passed by her, and ascending the stairs, rapped softly with the handle of his umbrella upon the ;anels of the drawing- room door. . Come in,' cried the voice of Craddock Lipthwaite, who was seated with his back to the door smoking his favourite little silver pipe. ' How often have I told you not to disturb me at this hour; if you want to do anything to the room you must wait until I go out.' 'It is not the servant maid, Mr Lip thwaite,' said the visitor in soft and melli fluous accents, as he entered the room closing the door behind him. Craddock Lipthwaite started from his chair and faced the intruder. 'The devil -' he began. 'No, sir,' answered the clerical gentle man, 'not the spirit of evil, but one of his moat ardent antagonists. Permit me to introduce myself, the Rev. Arnold Weatherieigh.' 'I don't know you,' replied Craddock, brutally, ' if you have come for the good of my, soul, I have my own parson; if you want charity, send in your request by letter. I never answer personal appli cations.' 'I have not come entirely in my cleri cal capacity,' replied the visitor, utterly unmoved by the discourtesy of his recep. tion, "though I am, I believe, carrying out a good work in coming here, nor am I here to ask any alms ; indeed, my errand is of an utterly different nature.' ' Well, let me hear what it is, without any further talking,' replied Craddock. ' I do not care much for gentlemen of' your cloth, and I tell you frankly that.; I am not much preposeo3sed by your ap pearance.' 'My dear brother,' argued the divine gently, ' really, this display of churlish 'ness is entirely unnecessary ; one would think that instead of coming in a friendly way to you I had, as soon as I entered the room, levelled a revolver at your head.' As the clergyman uttered the last words h3 laid a slight though distinct em phasis upon the word 'revolver,' which did not escape Lipthwaite's attention. Re did not, however, allow this to become apparent; but drawing himself. up, said rather haughtily, 'Whatever your errand may be, it'can be no excuse for trespassing upon my time. I have a great deal to do to-day, and must beg that you will be. as expeditious as pos sible.' (To be Continued.) 