SGIEHGE. SCIENTIFIC COSSIP. In those days, wlien'everybody has, in one way or another, finance 011 the brain, it might bo well f tlio monometallists and bimetallism were 10 turn thoir attontion to tho possibility of regulat- ing In aomo way tlio enormous consumption of gold in the fabrication of articles of jewellery. It is estimated that every year gold to tho value of £6;000, 000 is devoted to tho making of orna ments. 'Tlie addition made to tho ouvrency in tho same poriod is less than one-half this value. Now that one oonntry after another is striving to establish a gold standard, a thing which can not bo done without increasing tho appreciation of the metal, with the accompanying result of depreciating tlio value of everything else, it would seem to be desirable to increase the quantity available' for coinogo by diminishing the amount whioli' is dovotod to ministering to the vanity of mankind. But how is this to be accomplished ? The days have gone by when kings and Parliaments asserted their rights to franio sumptuary laws; prescribing what every body should wear or refrain from wear ing ; but that which cannot bo dono by tho interference of the State may be accomplished by voluntary co- operation. The giving up of so muoh golden decoration would be a mortification of the flesh ; but this sort of martyrdom finds favor with individuals who associate themselves together for the express purpose of deriving enjoyment from its prnotice. Tho vegetarians mortify the flosli literally ; food reformers deprive themselves of the pleasure of eating wliito bread ; total abstainers from alcohol not only reduce their faith to practice. but manifest a desire for tho ostabllsnmeni 01 laws whioh will prosoribo rules dealing with wliatevory mansliouldcat, diiukaiidavoid— when ho may indulge in snoli things nnd when lie should leave thorn alono ; if the non-smokers aro not assoaWud, they ought to be; there aro societies for tho discouragement of tho uao of opium and bhang, and for restricting their supply; there ore even organisations for tho conversion of comio songs into psalm tunes, and there is a Salvntion Army whoso ohiof aim scorns to bo to convert theatres into barrack rooms. "Willi so many models to copy from, a sumptuary league having for is object tho restriction of the wasto of go m vanities, and tho application of the moto I to 1 legitimate purposes only, should not only lmv ' qualified success, but might eapeot to beoomn immensoly fashionable. There would. « bo an outcry of execration on tho pa o who have, or imagino they have, yes c in teres ts in tho perpetuation of bad taste ; there need not bo nnything of tho so: , is quite possible that tlio rovcl"c" 1 ® . bring grist to tlie jewollor's mill. , for ornamentation would bo merely > not abolished. -He might oven Hn<l inoro em ployment in, working up cheaper materials, , so that the . quantity of his trade ahouldoen- largcii ; but that is quite a small groat purpose is kept in view. The M nmmal reformers oould oven owaid him 001111 > > but if they did nob, Ue would have tlio satisfac tion of feeling that lie too, had won a martyr's crown, There- is really' room for something to be done in the direction indicated. The frequently reported oases of blood poison ing produced by the use of cobwebs to step the blooding from outs need oause apprehension only in the minds of those who arc not aware that the best of all styptics is. the blood itself. Where the bleeding is not excessive it should be encouraged rather than hindered or arrested. The moderate flow of blood carrios with it the poisonous germs, or many of them, that may have been introduced into the wouud by the cutting instrument itself, and the blood whioh Is allowed to coagulate effectually exoludcs the air which, if allowed free access to the wound, might import into it any of those objectionable germs whioh are always floating about. Ane coagulated blood should be allowed to remain undisturbed for a day or two, oven at the risk of allowing an appoaranoe of untidiness to become manifest in the dressings. The first saturated rag is a better covering than anythiug that can bo afterwards applied to it. The first impulse of a mother when aho sees a cut finger is to wash off the blood, under tho impression that sho thoreby cleans tho wound, and then to wrap round it a white rag, so as to make a neat job. But this is a mistaken mode of treatment. It is not nature's way of going to work, her mode being to disregard mere appearances aud to afford her curative agenoieB free scope. The demands of tidiness should be stopped short of interference with the wound itself. Even the maligned cobweb may often bo unjustly oharged with tho consequeuces ot unwise interference in other ways. Let it be remembered, however, that those hints como from a non-professional source, and that speoial cases call for differential treatment. Needless exposuro to the air is the chief hindrance to the euro, and the value of ointments of various kinds is mainly attributable to tho aid thoy offer in securing the isolation of the wound from atmospheric influences. In nine cases out of ten, perhaps in ninety-nine out of a hundred, attontion to these hints will at the least tend to save muoh subsequent trouble. Recent reports of tho misdeeds of the ptomaines havo bocn suggestive of caution in tlio consumption of pork pies anil their allied comestibles, and tho tinned moats have beon let alono. In all oasos, liowevor, a largo margin should always be loft for exaggeration, and thoso who are disposed to bo fiuicnl about their food should loam that thoy gain nothing uy distrust, wbiio those who aro always in readiness to eat what ever looks all right and is of pleasant savor are preoisely thoso who aro most likely to steer clear of any unpleasant consequences. The over nico fastidiousness of thoso who suspoct danger from indulgcnco in particular kinds of food is apt to mislead them into tlio rojeotion of much that is excellent, and to injure their digestion by fol lowing a system of alimentation whioh is defec tive from want of variety. Tho ptomaines may bo left to the speoial oaro of thoso who should bo ablo to toll us something precise about thoir nature. It is rotated of Bishop Fatterson that, wlion ho landed on one of tho islands of tho Pooifio, ho entered an empty hut, tho owner of which hnd died a Bhort time previously, and it was at once assumed that he was the ghoBt of tho dead man. Buokley, one of tlio three oonviots wjio oscnpou from Captain Collins's expedition in 1803, had his identification as tho ghost of n dead chief established on much stronger evidence. When ho was advancing towards a camp of black- follows ho saw a spear sticking ereot in the ground. This lie took possession of and con tinued his march. He had passed over tho grave of the dead chief, and when ho reached the camp tho spear was recognised. Tho evi dence that he was the ghost of thedefniiot oould not ho stronger. He was a remarkably tall man, and Ills height gave him a supernatural appoaranoe, so that he was welcomed with the appropriate honors. The evidence was such as might have satisfied . many an average jury, and if ho had been arraigned boforoone on a charge of murdering the oliief ho would have been luoky if lie oscaped hanging. There wore many among Fawkner's parly who wore disposed to imagine that Buckley bad been guilty of foul play in regard to his two com panions, and there was a great deal of speculation of a mysterious nature as to what had become of them; Thore was no ground what ever for suoh injurious suspicions. The auivival of ono man out of three for a poriod of 30 years was as muoh as any one had reason to expeot. All throe had deserted with a vague idea of innk- ing their way overland to Sydney. Buckley was fortunate in getting himself domioiled by an oasy accident. Tho other two men no doubt kopt on their course in search of a white settlement. The separation of the party was proqisoly wliac might have been expected. Even a party of explorers without a leader would not koep to gether long. Wlion Hume and Hovell camo from Sydney to Goelong thoy had many quarrels by the way as to tho proper route to tako, aud even after they had leached the sea and had returned to Sydney they could not agree as to whether thoy had been to Port Phillip or to Western Port. This was o party with n. divided leader ship, or rather one in whioh tho second in com mand wished to assert his superiority ovor .the actual loader. Buckley was a . mnn whoso faculties had beoomo blunted to stupidity, other- wiso he would have been ablo tp have tolil a better atory of his lifo. His caso in this rospeot was a oommon one, conviots boing in general romarkabto for their obtusenesi and indifferonoe as to what free mon might think of thorn Ho never thought of propitiating the first settlers, and he should not havo boon oxpeotod to do so. Fnwkner disliked him, and Buspeotod him of treachory, and tlio dhdiko may havo boon mutual. There may havo been n want of generous feeling on both sides, aud distrust was exousablo, if not positively callod for to ensure self preservation, at least on tlio part of tho sottiers, who .might vory properly look upon Buckley as more of a savage tkan of an English man. <: - Mr. D. Wilson in beooming : moro and moro furious In bis denunciation .of oleomargarine. It is, he says, "a dangerous: enemy to the real artiole,' and he oonoludes tiiat " every effort slionid bo made to prevent the spurious com pound boing made in Victoria, " This is mere sound and fury. > Oleomargarine is 'not a com pound at all, and there' is nothing spurious about it, although the biitferiiien may some times seek to - pais it off- for the more highly priced article. The iiunest buttor maker need ' not he alarmed, even if iio is not allowed to mouopollso tins market, for a genuine article will always command a good price. Mr. Wilson is afraid that Australian margarine will be passed off in London as Australian butter. This is an admission of tlie excellence of the spurious article, Tlio indictment of margarine consists of two counts, the first bring that it is good, and tho second is that it is olioap. For these two unpardonable offences mnrgnrino is to lie kioked, cuffed, whipped at tlio cart's tail and put in tlie pillory. Now punishments nro to ho in vented for tbe benefit of those who aid in its produotion or disposnL Mr. Wilson visited a margarino faotory, and was astonished— perhaps "horrified" would bo a moro appropriate word — at finding a perfeot soientifio process in operation. It appears to mo that I10 might anvo taken advantage of tlio opportunity afforded him of acquiring a know ledge of the details of the process in ordor that ho might disseminate tho particulars among his constitutents, with a view to tlie creation of a now colonial industry. There is really no rea son why margarine should not bo recognised as a legitimate dairy product. It is butter as it is found in the tissues of tho cow previous to its reproduction ill tlie cow's Iactcals. The differ ence is but slight, the relative advantages aro not exclusively on ono side, and thore is no rea son why wo should not enjoy them all. The rules of fair play should, at least, never be lost sight of. Oleomargarine is a reality that will not bo put down, and care should be taken not to produoe a revulsion in its favor by resort to persecution. Mr. Wilson is not likely to benefit his clients by n manifestation of over zeal. So far, margarine has received fair play in Victoria, and no harm has been dono by treating it re- spcotfully. When the opportunity is offered, one naturally dips into ail American paper in tlio liopo of find ing the latest news about elootrioity, but disap pointment is tho usual resirft. Glancing over a recent number of tlio New York Jlecorder I found nothing that I wanted, but I stumbled ovor a column devoted entirely to tlie praiso of gas. At tho top of it there was a display of sensational headings in four different gradations of type — tho most attractive boing this an nouncement, "Chef Brunner, of tho Astor House, an onthusiastio devotee." The gas whoso praises are sung is not that which rises from tho wells of the oil regions, nor yet tho water gas whioh is punctually rc-lnvented every year, but tlio ordinary gas from tlio street mains. This paragraph sounds strangely because it comes un expectedly The use of gas for cooking and for heating is resisted by a great many people, in tho face of its supremo advantages over any other agent, because those U3cs appear to bo complicated and expensive. And yet these same peoplo bclievo this apparently because thoy do not know how extremely simple and cheap - the gas system lis.' At this rate it may be expected that some ono will, in tlio coming century, grow enthusiastic over tne rusuiigui or tlio once familiar dip. The midnight oil which students and poeta were oreilited witli burning was, truth to toll, nothing bettor than whale oil contained in a oruso with tv projecting spout to hold the wiok. In tho early times people did not want to mako tlio night ns garish as the day. as is perhaps too much tho fashion nt present, nor yet to turn day into uigiit by keep ing the sunlight out of thoir domioiles. Tho only sllusiou to the electric light which is made by tlio Amorioan panegyrist of gas is in theso words:- "The properties of electricity were more or loss occult, nnd aro not now too well understood. Tho tendency to use electricity for everything, therefore, was as marked as tpe desire to restiiot tlio sphere of gas. The article is certainly not a brilliant one, and tUo information supplied is of a very commonplace description. There is nothing in it of a tendency to expand ouo's ideas, and tlie question as between oleotrloity and gas remains _ns if it had not boon touohed, IbDIlUb. 