AUSTRALIAN WEH. (By Julia F. Nicholbox, ik the ' Nobth AMEB1CAN BaVIEW.') Imagination pictures a new type in a new ' land. The pity of it is that the reality falls short of expectation, Australian women, to be sure, work out their destiny in thenewest of new lam's ; but, in these latter days, when cue end of the world, so to say, touches the other, originality is heavily handicapped. External influences are for ever beating on Australian shores. American and English i samples, always present, are as inimical to tbe production of original and striking characteristics as civilisation, according to Macaulay, ia to the production of the most poetic poetry. Australian women aspire to ilia freedom and independence of American women, and stand iu awe of the presence and traditions of English women. Ihe result iB a cfcaTactcrmculdtdby conflicting influences reflected through tbe colored medium of Australian conditions. Transition stages are rapid in Australia. The tn-ilight /lite c cross tbe bills and plains, and, ghost-like, disappears. The mtirrfr of childhocd slips away before short frocks lengthen into long gowns. It iB dtylig'- t or darknets, infancy or womanhood here Before the English girl has outgrown childuh delights tbe Australian iB a woman in miniature, eeJf-coCBcions, eelf-oonfidect, not cirily abashed, with cycB tbat long sioce fcavc ceased to look out upon tbe world with wonder. In a short skirt, with a plait down its back, young Australia imititee its ciders, flirts, falls in love, and, sometimes reads and writes funny liUln love letters in all seriousness. Very you hful, very iuno cent all this in its way, but tbe way itself strikes one as justa little precocious. Like her brother, tbo Australian girl has a siy as to what she leatnB, where she go*. s, what! she wean. In fact, she brings herself op | under easy supervision. Grown to woman- 1 hood, the glitter and glamor of life already ' tarnished in her sight, she is without re serve, possessed of few illations and less sentiment. She has arrived at a very good opinion of herself. So tar as circnmst&nccB; permit she plefises herself in the choice of a 1 husband or a coarse in life. Bnt with all ior liberty she does not enjoy the recog nised freedom and independence of the American girL . The social code is slightly confusing, For an unengaged girl to go to tbe theatre or for a walk alone with a man would be scandal ous- bnt at a dance she may wander about ritm giTdens and verandahs with a new ac quaintance and it is quite another thing She marries at any age short of middle age but it is not into greater freedom as the Frenchwoman, but into bonlagc after the most approved British fashion. Family cares and household duties absorb her ; ser vants worry her. The happy knack of dividing life into parts and sustaining many interests bas yet to be aequirai. Accom plishments arc neglected ; dancing goes to the wall ; tor reading there Is no time. But should domesticity tail to engross her and the giddy whirl pi society sweep her away. crom home, tho household becomes a seen* ;f disorder. Perhaps this is why thj average iomesticatad Australian becomes so unin teresting after marriage. Her life narrows lown, she seldom shares her husband's in* beresta, her conversation fluctuates between scandal s^nd servants' delinquencies, tashions, and tbe children. Her days are varied by tea and gof&ip;, with visits and oc casional entertainments thrown in. Unless a fashionable woman she no longer troubles to be pretty or charming, and it is unusual For her to keep herself an eovrant of passing events and the questions of to-day, or to give more than an occasional glance at a newspaper. Though pretty, tall, and well-formed, tbe Australian iB not graceful. Her feet aro seldom small, her bands rarely beautifnL Moreover she does not dress well. Her toilette has none of the chic of the Parisi enne's, little of the sobriety of the English woman's, Overdressed or dowdy, Bbo pro duces tbe impression of cot only having little taste, but no artistic sense ot the fitness of things. Stylish and elegant women are to be fcen more frequently in Melbourne than clsawbere, Nevertheless, dress is dear to the soul of aa Australian, and much is spent on it. Down in the lowest eociol gradeB it plays en important part. The ^ustrnlisn b.cgi the idea of equality, snd, believing in iiniformity of cress os the visible sign of equality, often sacrifices Retail comfort to obtain fashionable clothing. An Australian family makes a brave show on holidays. There may be bare feet and rags in the house, but there are cheap feathers aud gloves in the street. Here tbe vanity of the race peeps out, and hatred of apparent social distinctions, for vanity is stronger in tbe Australian woman than am bition, just as indolence is more inherent than energy. She is clever bnt not intellectual, accomplished ottenor than highly educated. To bo able to play the piano is regarded as a sort of eachet of distinction, not to play it as a Jame&tsble; sign of neglected educa tion. Tact is natural to her, also a quick B-^nw of perception. With tbe ready ease wherewith a troutlet changes its color into harmony with that of its surroundings she adapts herself to circumstances, catches the cue of ber ejitcurAf/e, and continues to pro duce a favorable impression. With a cheer* fai dispositioa and mercurial temperament, the soriouB side of life scarcely appeals to her. Foreseeing not that to sow the wind is to reap the whirlwind, she exacts neither obedience nor dae reverence from her children, and without being specially re ligious leaves tbe responsibility of their fature very much to Providence. ^ Thus some of the finest feelings that bind the human race together become destroyed, and a spurious sort of independence loosens family ties in Australian households. Though hardly capable of strong feel ling and deep, passionate attachment, the Australian is affectionate, and in manner hospitable, friendly, and, sometimes, sympathetic. Strangers to-day, to-morrow v'ou are intimately acquainted. In friend ship there is no tentative stage, bnt a plunge in vieiias res. By her speech the Australian betrays her origin. Bay is pronounced bai ; sai* Sometimes there iB a nasal Bound in tba voice. Often there is slang on her lips— not the slang of society merely, butef the stock yard, the camp-fire, and the stable, It may be heard iu the drawing-rooms of society, for polished manners are not fiund as a matter of course in prominent places. HeTe men and women are shaken like dice in a box; chance decides tbe throw. Culture and refinement may dwell In the humblest homes, and the veriest plobeianism amidtt luxury, Australia is the lBnd_ of many grotesque contrasts and eome unique social eurpritcf. 