1 A MdOSLEM SHIRINK. lUST ofT lth high toad, on a breezy clifl "which overlooks the .Mediterranean, two little domes peer above a rough, linle washtd wall. They indicate that a saintt and his saintly issu, (for tihe title is heredit try in Isluam) lie buried there, and, in thtei way, define the gulf which the French are so anxious to bridge over here in Algerin. Itmagineo an oblong enclosure strewn with narrow wllit tombs in all setges ofoblitera Lio nand decay, choked with waving grasses nnd slimy weeds; at its Eastern base a low, white pent-house where dwells the care taker-a good man weo llhas either obtained Iia olice aos na inocure of inheritance, or Ilas beten at pains to establish it as stuch for the benefit of Ilimlself atnd posterity. Splringing its Ot oexcrreeslco from thie northern w'all, tind built into it, is the oldelost of the koubbhs, or shtrines, a blind, white square of broad stones girt witllh a cornic of gaudy tiles, and bristling with a rude battlement, above which rites a squat, blunted donie. A glance tllrough the grating ill the door reveals darkonss ntd dim tombs, a ragged banner or two, and a bit of fadled drapery ; over overything dust, mildew, tnid spiders. eetling through tLirhe ragged bIranches of a busily old fig-tree, facing lher sister, is the youLnger of these tiwo little shrines. More aIdventurou s, flightier, stully tawdy ; making, however, w with her gay dtdo of tiles, queer seirawlitg nmottoes nd canbalistlic signs, a bright Eastern picture. Site bears an airy little f aode of three or four Itorseehoo archels poised on sltndtr spiral colhtumns-discovered through their crust of crumbling whitewash to be matrble ; relics, possibly, of the old Romian city buried here. Two tin lanterns, stuck over with pink papoer roses andt guttered candlon.eds, dangle to and fro unlder the arcado. At our filst meeting the koubbas were sitlnuolring ill i mellow glow, as if the entltit ries of warmth mid light were beintg returned to the sunti which gave tht. Notlling was wantitlng to complnetlo Lhoe Eastern glamour of tile whlolu: vivid sunshineo; white domlles cleatr cubt againlst it blue sky ; a tall ;palmn with its swaiying crouwnt of foeathlrs; a shrouded uwomai huddriled gLiietnst the twall, ttnd her dirty child tumbling IIhlf- naked among the tomttbs ; a hobbled dlonkey pain fully croplping here and theroe; and, na if to Jilliand crown the picture, it young Klabyle cane preOsently out of tiho lean-to it the end of the court carrying it crtuhe lit lher lhand. A grey petticoat, striped red alld white, down to her illeest, lotso Illmuslinll shirt which suggested, instead of hiding, her full buslt, and ti bright hattndkerehief in hIer glo-sy hair were tll her dress. One stoplped to nadniro her gracious carrilgo and unel Ilelbl rassed steip, her ruddy-brown clear skin itnd large shllining eyes. She enoe, swinginuýg the rn/the. to the dilipidaited oltl well in the middle of the court, tall stood leaning on one oarm aigtinst the Iranlpet while the bucket descendedt'.Then slo Ihauled it uill hand over hnd, witlh easy, swee iing strokes, her botly bendlilng to the weight like somite slolnitlel poplair before n gale, heir bito feet planlted apart, grosliplng tile soil as lirmllly as its roots. A colotr flushed ier brown cheolks, and tthe light gleaited it her eyes; hlr soft lis patrtoed to case her breathinlt g, hetr bosom hitied unldr' its gauzy veil with the hard stork. Tiho iMalu wind cugllht lher hair Oait blow it across her fatce; she tossedl it 'backlt witli t smile, and tassho tossed threw a glillce at lus over her shoulder, iind smiletd again. A lino, free youllng tllig, innlocent anld frisky as a illy out fit grass, with i toilfull, frulltl lifo beforeo her it the quiet court, until soit marry someine rave, brown nit of helintr ' race, and raise uip strong sonls to sprawlnas children in a sunnyly corner such asthtis, then togo forth to work tenilding goats, or hoeilng vineyards on the rugged mountain itloes or In the leaoceful valleys of this bultilllful ntld of heras This pretty crelitluro tias the daughter of the caretaker, nutd lisved in the lean-to hllb withi 1 dotn't know' hlow' mainy generiattions of reolitives; for, its well as woteln ind girls, thleto as';l i swirtlll of childrent for over crawlliig and teCrItublinlg abou t iii thoe court. I watched often iandi carefully the simple life of the Kutbyle family, and fould it full of cutrnl and suiggestionl, There was it gentile luncollllnining mediole.rity iabout them fill ; in stetady working for ia few thing,nud l ii dtcop enjoyment of tie wanges thereof, it directeless ndtI Ihiitnoceici, titi i vigouir whiclIh, i a lesson alone, were worth going out to seeo. Froti Algiers, brighllest, tiost mnolley, imost self-seeking of sIunniy southern tIowtIns, whore the l.renlchl hlite iglully bridged theoir llgulf -layitng ste s efoundationsi of tbsinheio uind holotel requliremllLts to be fllllilled for sous itlnd convertedltl their wild .Aralbs into /lanr s, chljbalietr, Ioutllts, quack glidesllllo, and whait inot (all which Iparts, be it said, the Aralbs were very swillitig to plny) ; from Algiers, I aly, to tIlo t.ranquil mlloments of this oven liiols a ftar cry, tud holpefully setg esti'o of ta possi blo isyhliti from the loisyn Ijnatlt stormnl nd stress amid whlioh ostb of its seit lnd iroan our days iaway. Cettteries and tolnbs itro InVol'ito haunts of the twomtlieiitdll mFaslteni countries, and occordinigly I finld inumbiers of thoe hioere ever'ydtay. In the preseoncoof the dondlt, it seeOims, they venture to disreglard the livitng, for directly they hiavo ontered the court anid kissed tile walls ontl a stray stoll or so, they throw olf th eirhabaruhs, aind, squatting in a corner, tire opro to enjoy tllhemsetlves in their shrill, acrid fashion. Sihroutlded il tlio hlnbarhli, her legs s\athlled ill thlick folds of calico, ecll resoembls herslstor ghost, atnd sailles on hor lsame dull wany encumnbered wvith mystery-lnone of Iher seelokig drlilPrioes, iand bnbies. Unlvoled, tho ioloo Lony is still there, forit goesdooper titan the veoilt and horrible it is to concludloe, its irresistibly ro must, tllat the clothes hlave become vnritable Nossute shirts; that tihe shrouds once on can never come off ngnin I for if put titny thoy aro still ittroe, shrouding soul Inetand of body. And Itie shrouding hIere begints at foarteen ; think of thait I A mother of two cllildron--a Itro sli of a girl-comnes nearly every day. Comes sholllilg in, a drub bundlo of a creature, dragging lter babies with hlor ; pelictutlly kisses io saeno stotes, and tbon cbattere in a thin voeoe for ithlf-nn hlour, A moro paittolfo sight I thillilk I vnever saow. Wan and lilled tand vacnttt gossips a littl; slanllders it -hispors and wil cyon askanoco at tho object of it or nat mn; logalta shrilly without imerrintont, nlld Ilways waoro to cry would be mnore to the ltnrliOsO t teos rises wlth a wonery goaturo and liputse o the hlrould that inelovor was oil if Fuaf but htiow it; and otsulllles ouantigin illto iher cange, TihOse Kubyle dwellers In the leInll-to nro better off. No shroutls, palluablo or inpltalinblo, for them. iHardt work in plonlty, nd tl beh os Itird to rest otl, scltlty fatre, a slletd to cover tlleln I ilree nro ltn Ihxtltes, God wtob. lutl free lhimbs nnd a bare hIeot, bitro feoot lld n freto solt, are gifts fromt tle trcasunio-holo llts otf Nu'ture, thliou oli poiher Inaps somtttwhtli scor-iied nlthd lnito light of by Ihio luitntnt8 atlld wvlhineles nof is igh enitlilhg worotIl. "Illic en of onea itutl-lrel Iioinllds in ye:l'," crlt i Ctrlyle, " ltlil Ito tdry rob il thle uoil of yei uttnywherto incoino of ote Ilhuntth'edt thouisalltull Ioulllltls i vcnr ttld nolthlihg btut dry-onlu-twtot rot il thlo soul of yellou (iugly tuitietites, tiuiv'orntitlos, Ii slterous collcellts, antld ihrobably--us sYtntbol of all tlillgS--a linOtbelly to )'tIr lent' hotly Itself) I nit, tiny frhoitilo 1'1 --'1'etutjue l1at, 