OUR NOVEL. STOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] ALL ALONG THE RIVER, BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," " The Venetians ; or, All in Honour," " Aurora Floyd," "The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," " Just as I Am," " Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Welt," &c.;, &c.; (Copyrighted, by Tillotson a Son.) CHAPTER III (Continued.) "WHAT TURNED THE MANY HEADS AND BROKE THE HEARTS." She had slackened her pace, and he was walking by her side, looking down at her from that superb altitude which gave him an unfair advantage. How could she escape those searching glances P She knew that her way home was his way home, so far as the bend of the road which led away from the river, and to avoid him for the intervening distance would have been difficult. She must submit to his company on the road, or make a greater effort than it was in her nature to make. " You mean to go to this ball, don't you ?" he asked, earnestly. "I think-not." *' Oh, but pray do. Why should you shut yourself from all the pleasures of this world, and live like a man, always ? You might surely make just one exception for such a grand event as the Hunt Ball. You have no idea how much we all think of it hereabouts! Remember, it will be the first public dance we have had at Lostwithiel for ever so many years. Yon will see family diamonds enough to make you fancy you are at St. James's. Do you think Major Disney would dis- like your having just one evening's dissi- pation?" "Oh, no, he would not mind. He is only too kind and indulgent. He would have liked me to spend the winter with my sister in Hans Place, where there would have been gaieties of all kinds ; but I don't want to go into society while Martin is away. It would not make me happy." " But if it made someone else happy if it would make other people happy to see you there ?" ' * " Oh, but it would not matter to any- body. I am a stranger in the land. People are only kind to me for my husband's sake." " Your modesty becomes you as the dew becomes a rose. I won't gainsay you-only be sure you will be missed if you don't go to the ball. And if you do go-well, it will be an opportunity of making nice friends. It will be your debut in county society." " Without my husband ? Please don't say any more about it, Lord Lostwithiel. I had much rather stay at home." He changed the conversation instantly, asking her what she thought of Glen averil. " I think the situation most lovely." " Yes, there we are all agreed. Mr. Crowther had the good taste to find a charming site, and the bad taste to erect an architectural monstrosity, a chimera in red brick. There was a grange once in the heart of that wood, and the Crowthers have the advantage of acorns and chesnuts that showed themselves while the sleepy old monks were telling their heads. How do you like Miss Crowther ?" "I hardly know her well enough to like or dislike her.S||She is very handsome." " So was Rubens' wife, HelenaForman ; but what would one do in a world peopled with Helena Forman's ? There are galleries in Antwerp which no man should enter without smoke-coloured spectacles, if he would avoid being blinded by a blaze of red-haired beauty. I am told that the Miss Crowthers will have, at least, a million of money between them in days to come, and they are destined to make great matches. Perhaps. we shall see some of their sentiments at the ball. Since the decay of the landed interest, the chasse aux dots has become fiercer than of old." This seemed to come strangely from him who had already been talked of as a possible candidate for one of the Miss Crowthers. It would be such a particularly suitable match, Mrs. Baynham, the doctor's wife had told Isola. What could his Lordship look for beyond a fine fortune and a handsome wife ? "They would make such a splendid pair," said Mrs. Baynham, talking of them as if they were carriage horses. Mrs. Disney and her companion crossed a narrow meadow, from the high road to the river path which was the nearest way to the Angler's Nest. The river went rippling by under the gathering grey of the November evening. On their right hand there was the gloom of dark woods s and from the meadow on their left rose a thick white mist like a sea that threatened to swallow them in its phantasmal tide. The sound of distant oars, dipping with rhythmical measure, was the only sound except their own voices. Did that three-quarters of a mile seem longer or shorter than usual? Isola hardly knew; but when she saw the lights shining in Tabitha's kitchen, and the fire glow in the drawingroom, she was glad with the gladness of one who escapes from some fancied danger of ghosts or goblins. Lostwithiel detained her at the gate. "Good-night," he said, good night. Ton will change your mind, won't you, Mrs. Disney P It is not in one so gentle as you to be inflexible about such a trifle. Say you will honour our ball." She drew herself up a little, as if in protest against his pertinacity. " I really cannot understand why you should care whether I go or stay away," she said, coldly. " Oh, but I do care. It is childish perhaps on my part, but I do care ; 1 care tremendously ; more than I have cared about anything for a long time. It is so small a thing on your part-it means so much for me ! Say you will be there." " Is that you, ma'am ?" asked Tabitha's pleasant voice, while Tabitha's substantial soles made themselves audible upon the gravel path. " It was beginning to get fidgetty about you." [The sole right of publication in West Australia has been purchased by the proprietors .' at the WEST AUSTRALIAN. " Good night," said Isola shortly, as she passed through the little gate. It swung to behind her, and she vanished among the laurels and arbutus. He heard her voice and Tabitha's as they walked towards the house in friendly conversation, mistress and maid. There was a great over-blown Dijon rose nodding its heavy head over the fence. Roses linger so late in that soft western air. Lostwithiel plucked the flower, and pulled off its petals one by one as he walked towards the village street. " Will she go-will she stay-go-stay -go-stay f" he muttered, as the petals fluttered to the ground. " Go ! Yes, of course she will go," he said to himself, as the last leaf fell " Does it need ghost from the grave or rose from the garden to tell me that ?" CHAPTER II. "DREAMING, SHE KNEW IT WAS A DREAM." Isola and Lostwithiel met a good many times after that walk through the autumn mists. She tried her utmost to avoid him. She went for fewer walks than of old ; nay, she chiefly confined her perambu- lations to those business errands into Fowey which Tabitha imposed upon her, and such afternoon visits as she felt it incumbent upon her to pay in strict return for visits paid to her. Major Disney had begged her to be exact in such small ceremonies, and to keep upon the best possible terms with his friends. " I love every soul in the place, for old sake's sake," he told her and for old sake's sake Isola had to cultivate the people her husband had known all his life. She tried to avoid Lostwithiel, but Fate was against her, and they met. He was unvarying ly courteous. He said no word which could offend the most sensitive of women. Prudery itself could have no ground for alarm. He did not again allude to the ball, or his wishes upon that point. He talked of those common topics of interest to which every day and every season give rise even in a Cornish village, and yet in this common talk acquaintance ripened into intimacy unawares. And then-as all sense of shyness and reserve gave way to a vague, reposeful feeling, like drifting down a sunlit river, with never a breath of chilling wind-they began to exchange confidences about their past lives. Unawares Martin Disney's wife found herself entering into the minutest details about the people she had met on that level road of a monotonous girlhood by which she had come to be what she was. Unawares she betrayed all her feelings and opinions, her likes and dislikes, and even the little weaknesses and shortcomings of her parents her sister her wealthy brother-in- law. Never before had she found so good a listener, Her husband had been all affectionate interest in the things that concerned her yet she had often discovered that his mind was wandering in the midst of some girlish reminiscence; and he had a tiresome trick of forgetting all those particulars about her friends which would have enabled him to distinguish the personages of a story. He had to be told everything afresh at each recurrence of those names that were so familiar to her. Nor had he Lostwithiel's keen sense of humour, and quick perception of the ridiculous side of life, whereby many a little sketch of past experiences fell flat. experiences mu us. The glimpses she caught of her new friend's past existence enthralled her. It was to see new vistas opening into unknown worlds ; the world of university life ; the world of society, English and continental, with all its variety of jargon ; the world of politics, and literature, and art. It charmed him to see her interest in all those unknown things and people. " You would very soon be tired of it, and would come back to Tresco like the hare to her form-or like me," he said, smiling at her ardent look. " Believe me, it is all dust and ashes. My happiest hours have been on board a yacht, with only half a dozen books, and ten or a dozen ignoramuses in blue serge for my companions." s She was to go to the Hunt Ball after all not because he wished it, but because other people had taken her affairs in hand and decided that she should. Dr. and Mrs. Baynham had decided for her, Mrs. Vansittart Crowther had decided for her, and had sent her a ticket with her love by that very footman whose appearance when he opened the doors always crushed her, and who had given her a frightful shock when she danced into the kitchen to speak to Tabitha, and found him sitting on a Windsor chair, with his knees drawn up to his chin. Lastly, Tabitha had decided and Tabitha's opinion went for more than anybody else. " You want a little bit of change and gaiety," said the faithful stewardess. " You have been looking pale and worried since you had that bad news from Broome," this was Tabitha's nearest approach to Burmah, " and you'll be all the better for an evening's pleasure. It wasn't as if you had to buy a dress, or even a pair of gloves. You've only worn your wedding dress to three parties since you came home from your honeymoon. and it's as fresh as if you'd been married yesterday. You've got everything, and everything of the best. Why shouldn't you go ?" Isola could advance no reason, except her vague fear that her husband might not approve of her appearing at a public ball without him but at this objection honest Tabitha snapped her fingers. " I'll answer for Mr. Martin," she said. " He'll be pleased for you to enjoy yourself. * Don't let her mope while I'm away, Tabbie,' he said to me, the day before he started for foreign parts. "He'd like you to be at the ball. You'll have Mrs. Baynham to take care of you, and what can you want more than that, I should like to know ?" Mrs. Baynham, the portly doctor's wife, was, to Tabitha's mind, the representative of all the respectabilities. How could a girl just out of her teens-a girl who loved dancing, and had been told she danced exquisitely turn a deaf ear to such arguments, put forward by the person to whose humble carefulness her husband had in some wise confided her. If Tabitha approved, Isola thought she could not do wrong in yielding ; so the simply fashioned white satin gown-made in Paris, and with real Parisian chic-was taken out of the toss 19 papered pot-pourri perfumed drawer. Gloves and fan, and little white slippers w. ere passed in review. There was nothing wanted. The care fullest housewife need not have hesitated on the score of economy. So the question was finally settled she was to go to the Hunt Ball. A fly was engaged for her especial service, so that she might not crowd Mrs. Baynham, who was to take two fresh, red-cheeked nieces, who looked as if they had been fed from infancy upwards upon apple pasties and clotted cream. She was to drive to Lostwithiel in the fly from the Maypole Inn, and she was to join Mrs. Baynham in the cloak-room, and make her entrance under that lady's wing. This final decision was arrived at about ten days before the event, and for nine of those intervening days, Isola's life went by as if she were always sitting in the imaginary boat drifting down a sunlit river ; but on the day of the dance after just half an hour's quiet walk with Lostwithiel on the towpath, she went back: to the cottage pale as ashes and sat down at her little davenport in the drawing room, trembling, breathless, and on the verge of hysteria. She opened the drawers of the davenport one after another, looking for some thing - helplessly, confusedly, as one whose brain is half distraught. It was ten minutes before she found what she wanted a sheaf of telegraph forms. " To Major Disney, Cornwall Fusiliers, Rangoon Let me go to you at once. I am miserable. My heart will break if you leave me here." This was the gist of a message which she wrote half a dozen times on half a dozen forms. Then she tore up all but the last, left that one in her blotting book, and began to pace the room feverishly, with her hands clasped before her face. What fever-fraught vision was it that those hands tried to shut out from her burning eyes ? So little had happened so little-only half an hour's quiet walk along the towpath, where the leafless willows had a strange, uncanny look, like those trees whose old gray branches seemed the arms of the Erlking's daughters, beckoning the child as he nestled in his father's arms, riding through the night. So little-so little and yet it meant the lifting of a veil- the passage from happy ignorant innocence to the full consciousness of an unholy love. It meant what one kiss on trembling lips meant for Paolo and Francesca. It meant the plunge into a gulf of dark despair unless she had strength to draw back, seeing the abyss at her feet, warned of her danger. What had he said Only a few agitated words - only a revelation. He loved her, loved her with all the passion of his passionate soul ; loved her as he had never loved before. They all tell the same story, these destroyers of innocence and for the moment they all mean what they say. Every seducer has his hour of sublime truthfulness; of generous feeling; of ardent heroic aspirations; the hour in which he would perish for the woman he loves ; cut off his right hand ; burn out his eyes ; leap off a monument ; do anything except surrender her, except forego his privilege to destroy her. It was not too late. The warning had come in time just in time to save her. She knew now to what ocean that drifting boat was carrying her-through the sunny atmosphere, between the flowery shores of dreamland. It was taking her to the arctic ocean of shame and min-the great sea strewn with the corpses of women who had sinned, and suffered, and re- pented, and died-unforgiven of mankind penieU, Him UIUU-UUlUlgivcu Ul manners to wait the tribunal of God. "Oh, Lor'!" cried Tabitha, bursting into the room, "I thought you were never coming home. You ought to go and lay down for two or three hours after your tea, or we shall have you fainting away before the night's over. You've not been eating enough for a healthy canary bird for the last week." " I'm not very well, Tabbie. I don't think I'll go to the ball." "Not go ! and when the fly's ordered and will have to be paid for whether or no for Masters told me he could have let it for twelve deep. Not go ! and dis- appoint Mrs. Baynham, who has set her heart on taking you, and Mrs. Crowther, who gave you the ticket ? Why, it would never do ! You'll feel well enough when you're there. You won't know whether you're standing on your head or your heels. It's past five o'clock and your tea has been ready in the study since a quarter to "How do you send telegrams to India, Tabitha?" " Lor', ma'am, how should I know ? From the post office, I suppose, pretty much like other telegrams. But they cost no end of money, I'll be bound. You're not wanting to send a telegram to the Major are you ma'am, to ask his leave about the ball ?" "No; I was only wondering," Isola answered, feebly. She shut and locked the davenport, leaving her message in the blotting book. She meant to send it-if not to day, to-morrow ; if not before the ball, after the ball. She felt that her only hope of peace and safety and a clear conscience was at her husband's side. She must go out to him yonder in that unknown land. Must get to him somehow, with or. without his leave with or without his help. She would brave anything, hazard anything to be with that faithful friend and defender her first love-her brave, self-denying, God- fearing lover. She felt as if there were no other safety or shelter for her in all the world. " God will not help me unless I help myself," she muttered, distractedly as she sat in her low chair by the fire, with her head flung back upon the cushions and the untouched meat at her side. Tabitha had left off providing dinner for her, at her particular request. She had neither heart to sit down alone to a formal dinner, nor appetite to eat it so Tabitha had exercised all her skill as a cook, which was great, in preparing a dainty little supper at nine o'clock and it had asked her that her mistress did such scant justice in the tempting fare. [To be continued on Saturday.'] 