BAPTIST UNION OF NEW soma ivALLS. ANNUAL SESSION. The annual session of the Baptist Union of Ne» South Wales opened yesterday at the Bathurst-stroet Church, 'lhere was a good attendance of ministen and delegates both in the nioruiug and afternoon. In tua moruing a conference was hold, Mr. T. Glossop presiding. After singing and prayer, a paporou " Church praise," was read by the ltev. J. ötraug hen, and discussion lolloived. Tho business bessiou opeuod at half-past 2 in the afternoou, tho ltev. P. Hibtwrd, the retiring chair- man, presiding. The CiuiiiUJLN- said it was customary for the chairman m retiring irom his positiou to give a brief review of the work donu during tho year. Ile had announced when ho lind takun the chair that it wa* his iuteution to visit evory church in the union before quitting his position. Ho was cony to say he bad not reuuhed his ideal, for tho hand ot God had prevented it. Sovero domestic affliction had kept him at home for la or 16 weeks, so his plan bud not boen realised. His last visit had been to Goulburn, where he had had the pleasure 01 constituting a church and leaving it in good wnrkiug order. During tho year tho work had been *" aggressive, and thoy had set ii good example to their successors. He looked upon G lilburn as a capital pattern. He was thankful tor tho help God had given them. It had boen a year of great cordiality, and they could thank God for a considerable amount of substantial progress. Ho now uiudo his bow to them, and asked tuem to give a cordial greeting to his successor in office-Mr. VVrilliam AVluto. (Applause). Mr. WILLIAM W HITE, on taking the chair, said he felt that about the highest honour they could do him was electing him to that position. He took the chair with great fear, especially after such a man as tho Rev. F. Hibberd. Still he believed his election had the approval of the Lord., and he believed the Lord would help him to fill it. He enjoyed visiting churches, and he hoped to visit them all during the year. (Applause.) The ltev. P. HIDDERD moved-*' That this session laments the deuth ot tho late Mr. James White, who for so many years proved liimaoli a valuable Iricud and helper to the Baptist Union of New South Wales, and while it recognises the great loss it has sustained by his rouioval from active Borvice on earth, it thankfully records its admiration of the noble Christiun'lifo he lived, the loyalty he displayed to our denomination, and the practical interest he took in all enterprises which tended to advance the - Kingdom of Christ in the earth. It lenders ita loving sympathy lo his sorrowing wiro and family in their painful bereavement, and commends thom to the Father ot mercies und tho God of all " coiniort, praying that Ile may bestow upon fheui strong consolation und good impo, through grace, of ' nieotiug bim whoso death they mourn in tho presence ? . < ot tho King, where them is luluoas of joy." The ltov. P. 12. Hurry seconded tho motion, and it was carried, the meeting singing " For ever with tim Lord."_ MIES Donnons, from Commilln, India, senior lady missionary 01 tho N.b.W. Baptist Missionary Society, was cordially w elcomod as a distinguished visitor. The now church at Goulburn und the church at Balmain wem formally admitted to the union. Iho following new ministers were welcome 1 - Revs. W. A. bouthwoll, J. D Graham, J. Mayo, J. J. Chasoling, J. iioilgsuii, aud i\ 13. Hurry. On the motion of the iiov. W. la}lur, seconded hy Mr. R. Nail, the Rev. W. Coller wus elected vice presidont fur the ensuing j ear, this position carrying with it the presidency for the jaar 1891-05 Iho Kev. T. E Hurry was elected secretary, and Mr. J. Wells trcasuior. The Kev. a. Jones, ot New- castle, wa« electod tis preacher for 1891. Nomina- tions for tho executive coinmitteo were received, and a ballot wdl be takon to-itay. ïlie reports ot the various churches m the arnon were road. They showed that substantial progress wus being made, that the total increase in motnoer Bhip of the churches was about 200, aud that the total membership of tho churches in the union was 2015. Dunngjtho year there had beim _2u baptisms. In tim evening, at half-post 7, a religious service was held in the Hurris- sireet Baptist Church, the Kev. F. Hibbcrd prcudinef. Iho uunual seimon waa I reached by tho Kev. M. Morris. He took for his text tho Dib chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, dist verso, "Then nud the churches rest .... ana were edified, and walking m the fear of the Lord und in the comfort ot the Holy Ghost, were multiplied," He suid thoro wus much thoy could leura by gomg back to Now Tes tu meut times, and the days ot the curly Church, As Churches, they had nowadays soinow hat departed from the simplicity of New Tes- tament timoa, and there was increasing danger of relying upon anything and everything rather than upon what the early Church had relied upon, holy living, and faith in God. These early Churches were socialistic aud communistic, and if the Churehos of to-day w ould cirry out the «ama practice the outsido wallet would have no occasion to point the linger of scorn ut thom There was no pauporistn m the early Church. The poor wera looked after by the saints who wore richer than themsolvus. Tuey regarded God as their father, and every mm and woman as a brother and sister, i ^Nowadays they prayed far the coming of tho King- dom of God, but they hardly lifted a little finger to promote it. What they wanted bulb in their preach« log and living WUB moro siucent). 