SPORTING. Mr. A.O. Whitington will be busily engaged at the offices of the S.A.J.C. to- day in receiving general entries of final payments for the coming Autumn meeting at Morphettville. The events which require the attention of owners and trainers are:—The Railway Handicap, of 100 sove.; the Elder Stakts (weight for age), 200 sove.; the Novel Handicap Selling Race, 100 soys.; tbe Nursery Handicap (two-year-olds), 160 sow.; the Selling Steeple chase, 100 soys.; the Baker Handicap, 150 so vs.; the Selling Hurdle Race, 100 so vs.; the Totalizator Handicap, 153 so vs.; tbe Fisher Stakes (weight for age), 200 eovs.; the Juve nile' Handicap (two year-olds), 150 eovs.; and the S.A.J.C. Handicap. 230 soya. With the exception of the Elder Stakes and the Fianer Stakes tbe nomination-fee is only 1 co v. for each race. The amount of the final payment for the Goodwood Handicap is £3, and for the Adelaide Cap £5. The acceptance-fee in the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase ia 3 boys. each. By the .payment of one soy. also owners «*??■ withdraw from tbe St. Leger and the South Australian Stakes. The Sordon Racing Club will hold a meeting on May 24, with seven events on the prt>- RT&mmo;, particulars of which can be obtained from Mr. J. B. Hooper, hen. tec. The next Jordan Park race meeting will be held on Tuesday, May 2, tbe day before the Adelaide Cup, when six events will be run off, nominations for which are due at the Criterion Hotel on April 2G. The New Thebarton Pigeon and Sparrow Club intend ghosting off a Birthday hacdicup on May 25. The tracks were a bit heavy on Monday morning, baa slow work was the order ot the day on the Old Course. Beeswing was the first to appear, putting in two rounds slow with a spurt home two furlongs. Native epnrted home the last six furlongs in 1 ruin. 29£ sec. after going two rounds. Break-o'-Day did once round, the last half-mile in 57 sec Port Admiral's mission was three rounds at half and three-quarter pace. Da Capo was let go two rounds, at a trot for the first one and three quarter pace the last. RiohwiU was Eent along for six furlongs, getting over the last five in 1 mm. 10J sec Lord John gallopped three rounds, tbe last two at a good strong pace. Elleratene went once slowly, and then finished up the lastronnd atastoongpace. Innaminoka and The Imp went alone for a six furlongs at a good working gallop. Flanoline and Deceiver were together for six furlonga, but they did not go at their top. Ferry's horses were doing long slow work. La Grippe did a fair working gallop for a couple of rounds. Dargil was doing medium work with s spurt boma Tbe Arab was working slowly, with a spurt of six furlongs, bnt bis feet are not well yet. Hessian, Corio, Handover, Ragamuffin, Banjo, Clemeooy, Teddington, Albacore, and a host of others were all doing slow and half pace exercise. During the A.J.C. Autumn reunion the horses that started in the 24 events on the pro gramme aggregated 537, and of tbe sups whose progeny were inoluded in the placed horses Trenton holds the post of honor with five vic tories—Light Artillery in the Sires' Produoe Stakes, Delaware in the Second Nursery Han dicap, and Bprig o" Myrtle in the Maiden Stakes, City and Placed Handicaps; and one third—Nada in the First Nursery Handicap. Glorious oomfeg next on tbe list with three wins placed to his credit hy Cremorne in the Don eas'er Handicap, All-aged Stakes, and Final Handicap. Chester follows with two suo cessee—Camoola in the St. Leger and Cumberland Stakes; three seconds—Pro jectile in the Sires' Produce Stakes, Esoort in the Hurdle Race, and Camoola in the A..T.C. Plate; and four thirds —Madras in the Sires' Prodnoe Stakes, Pro jectile in the Champagne Stakes, Camoola in the Sydney Cup, and Warpaint in tbe Rons Handicap. Realm, the only representative of Archie, was victorious twice—in the Autumn Stakes and Sydney Cup; and one third—in the Plaoe Handicap. Somnns was credited with one viotory—Aurelius in the Mutual Selling Plate: three seconds—Kookaburra in the Flying Handicap, Somniloquist in the Maiden Stakes, and Solannm in the First Nursery Handicap; and one third—Solatium in the Third Biennial Stakes. That con sistent performer. The Admiral, ably represented Richmond, and secured first honors in the A.J.C. Plate, while he ran second in the Autumn Stakes, Sydney Cup, and Cumberland Stakes. JJor denfeldt wan credited with one winning bracket, by Carnage in the Champagne Stake*; two seconds, Culloden in the St. Leger and Carnage in the Third Biennial Stakes ; and one third, Colloden in the Cumberland btskes. Martini-Henry had one win, Ruskinite in Flying Handicap; one second, Ruskinite in the All Acred Stakes; and one third, Donation in the A, J.C. Plate. Brockleigh was respon sible for one win on behalf of Goldsbrqugb, and Ethelberfc placed a second to the credit of the same sire by his performance in the City Handicap. Ingomar's only representative, the handsome Bessie McCarthy, scored a victory in the Third Biennial Stakes and ran second in the Champagne Stakes. Insignia secured one winning bracket on behalf of Grandmaster; and Paris ran third in thn All-aeed Stakes, while the other sires whose representatives Becured wins were—Algerian (Rushlight in the Hurdle Bice), First Water (Brooklet in the First Nursery Handicap), Tbe Drummer (Pro- Consul in the Second Hurdle Race), Oudeis (Latonia in the Rons Handicap), and Albury Albert in the Steeplechase), and the Bires whose produce ran into second or third posi tions were Albatross, Grand Flaneur, Clan Stuart, Sweetmeat, Recruit, Navigator, Tasman, Sejrenboe. Marvellous, Mark Tapley, Sardonyx. Nowmineter, Forest King, St. ?"?"«, Presto, Hastings, Waverley, sad Sun rise. In the light of Merganser's latest achieve ment of waltzing home in front of her field in the Great Autumn Handicap with the heavy impost of 9 St. 8 Jb. on her back and in the fastest time ever recorded in the colony for a mile and a half, who will deny her right to be ranked amongst the best horses that New Zoaland has produced? (auks the Otano Witness.) The taste of her quality which the flying daughter of Nordenfeldt and Albatross pave U3 in the Otago Cnp when, on her intro duction to the Forbnry oonree, she romped home the easiest of winners with 8 st 3 lb. on her back, was an aye-opener, and her running in that race, together with her more recent per formance at tbe Napier Park meeting, when she won the Napier Cup with 9 st. 9 lb. up. stamped ber as a great mare, but her previous achievements pale before this last splendid one. In the face of this it must be believed that she was not at her best at Auckland at Christmas time, but she has just carried to victory half astonemore than the burden of any former winnerof the Great Autumn, theheaviest weight hitherto carried (in 1S90) by a winner being 9 st. 1 lb. by Merrie England—and cut out the mile and a half in 2 mm. 35J sec., or nearly 2 seconds quicker time than has been recorded for the race in any of the 17 years that have passed since the distance was fixed at what it now is, beating a record for the colony which has stood for nearly 10 years. Another record was dipped on the Riccarton course on April 2, Loyalty winning the First Challenge Stakes in time that is equal to the best recorded for six furlongs in Australia, and batter by half a second than the existing New Zealand record, which was established by Necklace over seven years ago. Loyalty is full brother to Saracen. Darine the reoent Boods in the Maitlftnd distriot the brood mare Petrel, with a fine colt foal by Tom Brown at foot, was drowned by getting entangled in a wire fence. Mr. McCalmont has ? onrious double-event bet. He has backed himself not only to win tbe English Derby with bis horse Isinglass, but aleo to beat Mr. George Newnes in tbe next Parliamentary election for the New market division of Cambridgeshire. Sheen's subscription is announced as full for 1993 at 159 guineas, but a few subscription! can. "Robin Hood" says, be taken for 1594 at 150 guineas, and for 1695 at 200 guineas. Morion, too, is full this year at 100 guinea*, and next year bis fee is to be raited to 150 guineas. Through the death of Blr. Abington the Derby nomination of Meddler, who was second favorite when the lart English mail left, has lapsed. Mrs. Langtry's colt Milford also drops out of this year's classics, inasmuch as be too was nominated by Mr. Abington. 