Original jpdRipokitLosii > \ V-&X.; \- - The Hill of kxowleb$eby; evangefiija-%£ Shields, Yielima. — " What aMol'raihboviaid Irene. 44 Yes," replied ber big brother, " youcan see tbe end of it resting down to the ground by tne garden hedge ; if you look you will find a bag of yellow gold at the end of it, and you will be rich for ever." Irene, looked up in wonder, her month and blue eyes wide: open," "Shall I, really;, then lwi'l go,"and away she went. "When she reached the hedge she saw a beautiful lady, whose dress -mis of the colors of the rainbow, spangled with rain drops that glittered like diamonds. " What do you seek, my dear," said she, " I have come to look for the bag of gold at the end of the rainbow," replied Irene. " Do you wish for gold ? You .will never find it hero, but I will show you the path that will lead you to what is better than riches." The fairy took the child by the hand and led her to the foot of a hill so steep that it looked almost im possible to climb, and so high that its summit was hidden in the clouds. A narrow pathway, obstructed by rocks .of various sizes, led lip as far as she could see; Here and there flowers of rare beauty and deli cious perfume grew at the side. Irene noticed that the higher up they grew the more beautiful they were, and the rocks were larger. She turned and looked inquiringly at the fairy. "This, my dear, is the Hill of Knowledge; this pathway is learning, those small rocks are the difficulties that young beginners meet with, increasing in size as they ascend. The flowers you see are lovelier than any on earth, and are to be found nowhere else. Those are the rewards of learn ing. You do not see the top of the hill; it is hidden far from your view in the clouds; so the heights of knowledge are never reached in this world. We go on from one study to another, plucking the fairest blossomi of knowledge by perseverance and patience, and inhaling their perfume, then climbing- up to , grapple with other subjects, what we have learned in the past giving Us more strength to conquer in "the ' future. " Thus, we prove that 44 knowledge is power,1.' Around . Mount Nai>ier.— By Tesa Forsyth, , Brookside,— About three miles from where we live " there is an extinct volcano, called Mount Napier, laud f or seven or eight thousand acres around if the jgroftna is covered with great stohes. Theremust ; have been some very grand. rights long, long ago ' there when the mountain was active, for there were fearful eruptions, and these stohes. are formed from the lava that it threw up. But all the lava did'not settle there (for miles and miles around yon can see the same kind of stone) , and some of it even flowed down to the sea. It must have been a great while .ago, for the trees grown in the stones are very tall .'and strong;- There has been a road made through . these stones; and l h&d; a drive through last week. It is like a wild forest, but still very novel ana pretty. The great trees have J&axjto; covered with fern and. creeps.- The stones grow» with the same kindpf fernRxd moss. JTneye are also gum saplings growing ; size. Very often bush fires occuf mthis burn the ferns, and ali the leaves off the old hees and. hollow out their .stems. -In many cases tney burn the young trees entirely, but tlrey grow up again quickly after. ' At . first _ the .trees 1 saw were like festoons; one was just uke pictures oi tbe " Maypole." It stood straight up with no branches, .festooned, from top to bottom with lvGly delicate green leaves.' About eighteen years ago when my parents came to. the district, there were great numbers of kanearoos, both brush ana foresters, about, Now there is scarcely one to be seen, and their place has been taken by the rabbits. They swarm the stones, ana nna plenty of . shelter and concealment m tne ferns. Though thousands have been killed, there are a great many more there now. Then, too, triere were numbers of. emus. There are some still, because they are protected so that they will not become extinct. Sometimes from thirty to forty may stall be seen feeding, in the Mount Napier paddocks. On tne tall trees there are a good many native bears. hey : . are quite harmless, and though not nearly so large, are very like pictures of the brown bears of other countries.' Ingratitude.— By Bridget Forrest, St. Fmbarrs, Korong Vale. — In a quiet little township, through which the River Loddon flows, there lived an old German couple named Schmidt, who earned an honest livelihood on a small vineyard which they tended with great care. On Easter Sunday morning, three boys, Sandy Boyd, Tom Murphy, and George Knight, were Salting in the river which ran in front of the vineyard, when Mr Schmidt, who was taking a stroll along the river bank, invited them in to have a cup of tea, which they gladly accepted. Tom Murphy, bringing a line with which he was angling; stood it by the door while he went inside. The good hostess bade them be seated while she went for some cake. One of them sat in front of the fire over which a plum-pudding was boiling, which Mrs Schmidt told them was an extra fine one, as she expected her son Carl with his wife and children to dinner. While she was busy bringing the cake and cutting it up one of the boys went outside, and; with line in band, was quickly on top of the chimney, which was net very high. He lowered the line down, and the boy in front of the fire hooked the pudding, which ascended up the chimney before you could say composition. Tne other two boys ran out, greatly to the amazement of Mr and Mrs Schm:dt, who called on them to stop and have the tea. The suspicions of Mr and Mrs S ihmidt being aroused, they were not long in finding the cause of the sudden departure of their unthankful guests. The old man gave chase, but after a long run gave tbe pudding up as lost to those who thought it better than tea and cake. A Cows warning to her Calf.— By Maggie Lyal Goldie, Moama. — "Be careful," said the cow to her calf, 41 for if the two legged creatures called men find us they v ill take you away from me, and you would not like that I know." The cow was saying this as she was going away in search of water, for there was none in the paddock they were in. Just as these words left her mouth two boys came up. They thought it would be great fun to ride the calf. How ever, when they went to get on, the cow ran at them, and caught one of the boys on her horns and tossed him in the air. The other when he saw what had happened rail for assistance, and very soon two voung men came up and. helped the boy that was hurt and took him to. a doctor. But what had tne cow been doingallthis time? She had hurried off into the bush taking her calf with her out of reach of those cruel boys. The boy was not hurt, only very much frightened, but he never again tried to ride a calf. The Cliff Ghosts. — By Cora M. Anderson, Morang. — Two gentlemen were once travelling to gether through a part of tie country that was strange to them. " WLei night came on, no place of shelter being in sight, they still drove on. It was quite dark, for the night being cloudy, no moon 'was showing. All of a sudden they heard a cry as of a person in distress. They listened, and in a few minutes it was repeated, this time nearer. They tried to peer through the darkness, and presently saw a young lady, who came and sat down on the trunk of a fallen tree. They stopped the horse, but she did nptlookup. Then a man, who seemed to be her father, came out of the darkness and said to her : " If you do not tell me what you saw, it will be worse for you." Tbe villainous look on the man's face made them both start. " That I never will," said the girl, and with that she made a spring into the da? kness. The man followed her. The travel! n heard, two screams, and then all was still. One of the gentlemen in the buggy stepped down, and taking one of the lights, went in the direction in which the man and girl had disappeared. They found that they were near the edge of a cliff. At daylight next morning they saw that if they had not seen the man and the girl, and tried t o find out what had happened to them, they w,,uld have driven over a high cliff, and doubtless both of them would have been killed. They found a path which led them to the foot of the cliffs. There no signs of anyone could be found. Driving on, they soon came to a farmhouse, where Nthey told their strange story, and were astonished to hear that many accidents had been prevented by tbe two ghosts. "It was years ago," ttey said, " that two bodies were picked up beneath tbe cliffs, which _ tney doubtless had fallen over in tbe dark." / A Sad Story.— By Lucy May' Coffey," of Wallan Wallan. — " Oh, dear me, whenever shall I be finished feeding you cried a poor flurried little sparrow giving her young brood their breakfast. " There, there, don't cry." eaid her bright-eyed mate, giving her a loving peck on the cheek, "and I will go and . find some more. worms," and with this he setoff. After a short time (when he did not return), the -mother bird thought that she had better go and get some irore food, too, - and bid ding her young ones to keep quiet until she returned, she flew out. She knew that down by the river she could get plenty of insects, and therefore flew in that direction. When she alighted on the ground she heard a faint chirp, and going to where it came from, she saw it was her own little mate. In answer to her question what was the matter with him, he told her that as he was just about to go home, a boy passing threw a stone at him, which hit him on the breast, but he was able to fly in aniongst the reeds to where he was then lying. Jnst then a convulsive shiver passed over his body," and he closed his eyes and died. The lonely little mother then got up and flew away home to tell the sad news to her young ones, and left the tall reeds to sigh ana wave over the dead sparrow. She watched and cared for her nest until the young birds were able to care for themselv- s; and then one mornin0, her daughter Fluffy missed her, and going oat to look for her she found her down where her mate had died, quite stiff and cold, and the reeds told her that she used often to go to the river and grieve so much that at last she died of sorrow. Frank's Sovereign.— By Assheton Brewer, Bozea, Trafalgar. —It was raining gently when the Mins- fields sat down to tlieir frugal meal one evening just at the beginning of winter. Mr Mansfield had been dead many years, and since that time Mrs having two children, a boy and a girl, to bring up found it hard to make the two ends meet. But a fortnight from the night in question Frank, the boy, would be fourteen, when his mother had consented to' allow him to go to work if he could get it. Frirnk had told his sister that if he could obtain it the very first money he earned, he would buy his mother some warm-flannel, and Dolly had confided to Frank the secret, that she was knitting her a pair of socks. One bright -.morning Flank set out for. the neighboring town in quest of work, whistling merrily as he went He had just turned into a harrow lane when he saw a horse;, which was -evidently running away, coming straight towards him. Asit drewnearer it slackened somewhat, and he was able to catch itas it dashed bv. In a few minutes a groom arrived, and the lady who was riding tbe horse proved to be the 8quire's daughter. When the groom asked Frank what he could do for him, he asked for work, and was told to call next day.wheii.he was given work and a new Sovereign as well for the services he had rendered. A Kind Fur.— By John Deverell Flood, aged eight, Bairnsdale.— One uaymother hurt afly. She knocked him from the window to the floor with a duster and broke one leg and one wing. He tried to get on his feet. Another fly came along and helped him up to the ceiling. It pulled him up by the broken wing and left him there in a spot where the sun was shinino- He soongot better and flew away without any help. I suppose he went to £hank the other fly. 