Chapter XXX. This made, however, bub a very temporary breach between Bee and her brother. They were a little stifE next morning at breakfast and elaborately refrained from bulking on any but the most trivial things, bub by noon this reserve had broken down, and in the evening, though Bee proudly refrained from any reference to Laura, they were as confidential as ever. Bee's mind had passed through various vicissitudes in respect to this object of Charlie's adoration. He first over whelming interest had _ given way to a little doubt and this was naturally strengthened by the' overweaning estimate of the unknown which Charlie thrust upon her. A girl is very willing to admire at secondhand her brother's love, bub when she is told thai it is presumption to compare her self with that divinity her sympathy is strained too far. Bee began to have an uneasy feeling about this unknown Laura. It was one thing to stimulate: Charlie to work, to stir up all that was best in him, to urge him to distingush himself for Charlie's sake, or for their joint salces, if they married and became one, which was the only thing that could happen in Bee's idea—but it was quit9 another thing to- pretend ■ an enthusiasm for this in order that Charlie should be kept within her reach and at "her feet during that quiet time of the long vacation. Bee knew enough to know,, that severe work is not com patible with much love-making. She im agined her brother strolling away from his books to take Laura out on the river or lie at her feet in the garden, which had become the habits of his life, as he betrayed to her acci dentally. Bee thought with a little indigna tion that the lofty intentions which would probably end in these proceedings were of the nature of false pretences,_ and that the girl whom Charlie endowed with the most super lative qualities should not attempt to take him from his home for such reason—or at least if she did should do it frankly for love's sake, which was always a thing to be forgiven and not on any fictitious pretence. 3?or Charlie being refused that heroic way of working, " going up to read," did not read at all, as was apparent to his sister's keen eyes. He did not attempt to do the best he could, being prevented from doing what he desired. He settled himself, it is true, in the library after breakfast with his books as if with the in tention of working, but before Bee had got through the little lesson which she gave every morning to the little ones Charlie was out strolling ' about the garden or tying on the grass in the shade with a book, which was either a novel or one which lay closed by his side, while he aban doned himself to thought—to thought not about his books it was to be feared, for Bee, with tremors of sympathy in her heart, recog nised too well the dreamy look, th9 drooped eyelids, the air astray from anything going on around. Brom questions of study, as far as Bee had perceived in her short experience, the merest footstep on a path, the dropping of a leaf was enough to rouse the student. Char lie's thoughts were of a far more absorbing kind. . Colonel Kingsward suggested once more the week in town when he came on another Saturday evening to Kingswarden. He was a man not- very open to a perception of the wants of others, but as time went on and he himself became more and more sensible of the ameliorating influences of society and occupation the, stagnant atmosphere at home where his two elder children were vegetating, so: much against all- their previous habits, struck him with a sensation which he could not wholly get ■ the better of. It was only right that Bee, at least, should remain in the country and in retirement the first sum mer after her mother's death. It would have been most unbecoming had she been in town Beeing people, and necessarily, more or less, being seen by the world. _ But yet he felt the stillness close round him like a sensible ohill, and was aware of the great quiet—aggravated by his own presence, though of this he was scarcely aware—as if it had. been a blight in the air. It made him angry for the moment, In other times his house in the country had always been refreshing and delightful to him. Now,the air. notwithstanding that it was full summer, chilled him to the bone. When you are escaping from the atmosphere of grief anything that draws you back to it ieele like aninjmy. _.-„He,-_was-"very. orosss- very impatienb with the silence at table, the sub- | dued looks of the young people, and that they had nothing to say. Was it not worse for him thau for them ? Ke was the one who had lost tiie j most and to whom all ministrations were due to soften the smart of sorrow. But atterwards his thoughts towards his children softened, it was very dull for them. On the Sunday even ing he took the trouble to press that week in town upon Charlie. "There's a spare closet you can have at my rooms at the office,' he said. "It's very central if not much else, and 1 daresay your friends will ask you out quietly as they do me. I think even you mighu bring up Bee for the day to see the pictures. She could stay the night with the old Hammonds and see Betty/' . "Oh, don't think of me, papa," cried Bee. " I would rather, far rather stay at home. 11 don't care for the pictures—this year." " That is foolish, my dear," said the colonel. "There is nothing in the least unbecoming I to your mourning in going there. Indeed, i wish you to go. You ought not to miss tne pictures, and it will be a little change. Of course I cannot go with you myself, but Charlie will take you, and you can go to Portrnan-square to sleep. You will see Betty, who must be chinking of coming home about now; indeed it is quite necessary you should settle that with her. She can't stay there all the season, and id is rather heartless leaving you like this alone." _ . *' Oh no, papa. It is I that wish her to | stay. She would have come back long ago but forme." . ... Bee's generous assumption of the blame, it there was any blame, excited her lathers sus picion rather than admiration. He lookea at her somewhat severely. ''I cannot conceive what object you can have in preferring to be alone," he said. " It is either morbid or—— In either easo it makes it more desirable that Betty Ehould come back. You cau arrange that. We will say Wednesday. I suppose you will not be nervous about returning noine alone?" " But, papa " .,. " I consider the question settled, Bee, saici Colonel Kingsvvard, and after that there was j nothing moit> to be said. Poor Bee wept many tears over this cotnpu sory first step back into the world—without her mother, without . She did not mean (as she said in her inmost thoughts) a nyona j else; but it made the whole world vacant around her to think that neither on one side nor the other was there anyone to walk by her side, to take her hand, to make her feel that sh6 was not alone. Nevertheless, it cannot be denied that in the morning this was the first thought that came into her mind, with a faint expansion of her young being. The change, though it was not joyful, was still something; and when she _ set out with Charlie on Wednesday morning her heart, in spice of herself, rose a little. To see the pictures! The pictures are not generally very exciting and _ there was not, as it happened, a sensation in any one of them in this particular year, even had | Bee been capable of it, which she was not. j But yet she had a sensation, and one of the most startling description. As she was going languidly along, looking at one picture after another, mechanically referring to the cata logue, which conveyed very little idea to her mind, her attention was suddenly attracted by a lady standing in front of one of the chief pictures of the year. She was talking with great animation to some friends who surrounded her, pointing out the qualities and excellences (or non-excellences, lor Bee was not near enough to hear) of the picture. She was picturesquely dressed in black, a tall and commanding figure, with a great deal of lace about her and a fine profile, clearly cub and im pressive. Bee's whole attention was called to her as by a charm. Where had she seen her before? She seemed acquainted with every detail of her figure, and penetrated by a vague reminiscence a3 of _ some one i who had been of personal importance to herself, though sho could not tell when or how. Who is she? Oh, who is she? Bee asked herself. She was very handsome— indeed Bee thought her a beautiful woman; not young, which is a thing always noted with a certain pain and compassion by a young girl, but full of grace and interest. While Bee gazed, open-eyed, forgetful of her self, a young figure, very interesting, too, to I behold in her deep mourning, and with the complete forgetfulness of herself involved in that wistful, enquiring, and admiring gaze, the lady turned round, presenting her full face to the girl's troubled vision. Bee felt her breath come short, her heart beat. She fell back hurriedly upon a vacant place on one of the benches which some one had charitably ' left empty. Bee did notknowwho the woman I was nor what possible connection she could have with her own fate, and yet there was a conviction in the girl's heart that she had to do with it, that somehow or other her life was in this woman's hands. It was the lady whom she had met that autumn morn ing last year in the firwoods round the baths, where Bee had gone to finish her sketch—the lady who had appeared suddenly from among the trees, who had sat down by_ her and j pointed out the errors iu the little picture and i advised her how to put them right. _ The black lace which was so conspicuous in the stranger's dress seemed to sweep over Bee as she passed with the same faint penetrating odor, the same thrill of unaccountable sensation. Bee could not take her eyes from this figure as I it moved slowly along, pausing here and there, with the air of a connoisseur. Who was she ? | Who was she? Bee turned as she turned, following her with her eyes. Aud then there occurred the most wonderful | incident, so strange, so unsuspected, so unac countable, that Bee could scarcely suppress a cry of astonishment. Charlie had been I "doing" the pictures iu his way, going faster than his sister, and had been roaming down the' whole side of the long gallery while Bee occupied: .herself with one or two favorites. He appeared now at a little dis tance, having made the round of the room, and Bee was the involuntary, much surprised witness of the effect produced upon Charlie by the sudden appearance which had so much excited herself. He stopped short, with it seemed a sudden exclamation, let the book in his hands drop in his amazement, then cleaving the crowd precipitated himself upon the group in which the lady stood. Bee watched with consternation the hurried eager greeting, the illumination of his boyish face, even the gesture—both hand3 put forth aud the quiver of his whole eager figure. She even heard a little cry of surprise from the lady, who presently separated herself from her friends and went on with Charlie in the closest j conversation. It seemed to Bee as she watched, following them as well as she could through I the crowd which got between her and these two figures, that there were no two heads so close together in all the throng. They seemed to drift into' a corner where | the pictures were of no importance, where they were comparatively undis turbed as it for the most confidential talk. It was not mere acquaintanceship, a chance meeting with someone he knew; it was utter forgetfulnes3 of everything else, complete ab sorption in this new interest that seemed to move her brother. For a time Bee formed no conclusion, thought of no explanation, but watched them only with all her faculties. The catalogue which Charlie had dropped was shuffled and kicked to her feet by the passers by, a visible sign that something unusual had happened. What was it? Who was she? And then there darted into Bee's mind a sug gestion, an idea which she could not, would not entertain. Laura! Was it possible that this could be Laura? The thought sent a thrill through and through her. But no! no ! no ! she cried within herself, impossible ! This lady was years older than Charlie—of another generation altogether—not a girl at all. She gazed through the crowd at the two heads in the corner of the room, standing as if they were looking at the pictures. They had their backs to Bee and she could see nothing but occasionally a side glimpse of Charlie's cheek and the lace bonnet, with the unusual accompaniment of a floating veil which covered his companion's head. She had remembered the veil at once—not primly fastened over her face as most ladies wore them, but thrown back and falling behind, a headdress such as nobody else wore. It dis tinguished from every other head that of the woman who, Bee now felt sure, was like some body in a tragedy of Fate—somebody who had to do, she could not tell how. with the ship wreck of her own life—for had she not ap peared mysteriously from she knew nob where, on the very eve of misery and ruin ?—and now was overshadowing Charlie's, bringing him some calamity. Bee shivered and trembled amoDg all the crowding people on the seat which so many people envied her and felt that she was retaining far longer than her share. She was too much frightened to do as she could have wished to do, to rush after them—to draw her brother away, to break the spell. Such a dark lady had been known in story long before Bee was born. Could it be true that hateful beings were permitted to stray about even in the brightest scenes, bringing, evil augury and all kinds of trouble with them ? Many a time had Bee thought of this lady—of her sudden appearance and of her questions about the Leighs—of something in her look, an air of meaning which even at the moment had confused the unsuspicious, un alarmed girl. And now, Charlie. Whab was ehe? Who was she? Laura? Oh, no, no; a hundred times no. If Bee could have sup posed that her respectable father or any mem ber of her innocent family could have wronged anyone ehe would have thought it was ghost-lndy ominous of trcuble. Oh, what a silly thought in broad daylight, in the Academy of all places in the world! There was very little that was visionary or superstitious in such a place. Charlie, came back to join his sister after a considerable time with a glowing face. "Oh, you are there 1" he cried. " I've been looking every where for you. I couldn't think where you could have gone " " I should have seen you had you been look ing for me," said Bee. "Well, never mmd, now that I have found you. Have you seen a3 much as you wish ? It's time to be moving off if you mean to f"4, toJEoitoaa-sqtiare in time for tea.". ■ "Charlie," said Bee, very gravely getting up and "moving with him towards the door, " who is that lady you were talking to with the black lace about her head " What laviysaid Charlie with a very fic titious look of surprise and the color mouuting all over his face. " Oh, the lady I met— chat lady ? Well, she is a lady—whom I have met elsewhere." ' " I have met her, too," cried Bee, breathless, "down at the haths just before . Ob, who is she ? who is she, Charlie ? I think she is one of the Fates." "You little goose," cried her brother; and then he laughed in an unsteady way. "Per haps she is—if there was a good one," he cried, "tine is," he added in a different tone, and then paused again ; " but I couldn't tell you half what she is if I were to talk till next week —and never in such a noisy vulgar place as this." Then Bee's miud, driven from one thought to another, came suddenly back with a jar and strain of her nerves to the question about Laura. Was it possible that this should be she?—for it was the tone sacred to Laura in which her brother now spoke. " Oh, tell me about her, tell me about her!" she cried, in voluntarily clasping her hands. " She. isn't— is she? Oh, Ctiarlie, you will have time to tell me when we get into the park. Didn't she want to speak to me ? Why didn't you in troduce me to her if she is such a great friend of yours ?" "liush, for goodness sake, now; you are making people stare," said Charlie. He hurried her down the stairs and across theroad outside, making her almost run to keep up with him. "I'say, Bee," he cried hurriedly when he had signalled to a hansom, "should you mind going by yourself ? I hate driving when I can walk. Why, you've been in a hansom by yourself before ! You're not going to be such a little goose as to make a fuss about it now." "Oh, but, Charlie—I'd rather walk too and then you can tell me " "Oh, nonsense," he cried, "you're tired already. It would be too much for you. Port man-square, iS'o. . Good-bye, Bee. I'll look you up later," he cried, as to Bee's con sternation the wheels of the hansom jarred upon the kerb and she felt herself carried rapidly away. (To be continued.). 