WjilSilS AT T|iE WINGS. V,1 ?- Bt ' BoaaKmi"., L_i_ Li . tr sensational ineiients to and sprinkled tbroiighOnt tUe pieoe .luia plums in a Ohristmae puddiiig wiih # WJJ maastite of ihe apioe ofwiekMtteM uw In, nab make & piece j&puiat;, then Alt'? Gebtga Datrsll's tionaf and romkiitiodtaii)' infopr aats! entitled "Life fof Ufc/'i sheiMbteye a nri long AU.V AWW."? Vl doced at 3ie Theatre Boyal dn Saturday night to a large. WJheuw W «t wa» weU received, aha he manf striking sitaa- tiofas wafiuiy applaadeA , Ai u usual in such pieces, (fWue.fhoui for a time per. eaou&a;, it tHumphant in the end, and vice receives its reward. The drama opens Dfihedin Hospital, aod hen wo tifet A glimftoc of the plots Isabel 'GAftfolsbe jh8whi is in love with Monitoaet the assislaat phyeician. Oromby, the senior phy- AiIaa ft Die hobpital, and the double fiyed . villain of the piece, has induced jdobtd'a father to promise bis daughter's handtohim. Isabel sootob Oromby, who detahbihefl to have revenge on the flavored lover, Montrose. Art old miser is lying sick in one of the wards npetairSg .and Oromby conceives the idea to ppisnn him, in order to obtain some £2,000 whioh he is known to keep nhder his pillow. Just before hie death, however the money is given toHontrosft take care fit Oromby, not finding itihp money and Rearing that Montrose had last seen tile patient, and unknowingly given him the poison, decides to charge his rival with murder and theft. The police are called in, and the missing pocket book' and money being found on .Montrose, he is taken % to . prison, from whioh, after being twice tried— the jury in both instances disagreeing— die is oasis tod to escape by Samuel Soutar, a newspaper reporter, ever on the hunt for a par, and not averse to a drop of whisky j -who obtains access to the prison and exchanges olothes with the prisoner; This is a good soene, showing the gaol by moonlight, and the way in which warders are knocked about is quite a treat to the gods. In the second act the scene is at the diggings, Where Gower is keeping a store and grog shop, and where St. Patrick's Eve is celebrated by a spirited dance, and a dumb old man, Woo is wandering about NeW Zealand seeking for his twin brother tuttto np. That brother is the miser who was poisoned in the Donedin Hospital. Gower in a maudlin, drunken state, sees the dumb man, mistakes him for the ghost of the miser, and is so troubled about the matter that the secret of the murder is learned by his daughter, Isabel, who, to save the exposure of her father on a charge of forgery, has become the wife of Cromby, whom she loathes. Mont rose is discovered on tbe diggings and is re-arrested. In the third act he and Cromby, who has savagely assolted his own wife, are being taken to Christ- church, when the coach is stuck up by a party of bushrangers, but, by the aid of Soutar, Montrose once mors escapes, and Isabel Gower, who is mounted on horse back, gallopb off with him seated behind her on her horse. The sticking up of the coach is a very exciting scene, with plenty of gunpowder in it. In the last act old GoWefr dies, but not before he has made a confession of the murder in which his daughter's husband was tbe principal. Oromby has carried off his wife, who threatens to denounce him, and shuts her np in a shanty in the noges, which is the hiding- pfaoe of a notorious bushranger. There is a roll-up of the diggers to hunt him down, and the mounted troopers appear upon the soene and save him .from being lynched. As Cromby bad refused admission to the bushranger, his accomplice, the latter denounces him to the police, and in order to get at him, they fire the hut. Isabel is dragged ont of tbe building 'in a faint ing condition. Oromby is snot. Then . several marriages are supposed to take place/and all ends happily. The fun of the pieoe was supplied by MUb Jennie Lee and Mr. A. E. Poulton. The soling was fully up to requirements. Mr. George Darrell is the pressman, Samuel Soutar, Miss Edith Bl&nde;, the injured heroine. Mr. G. P. Carey iB to be commended on the manner in whioh he impersonated tbe drunken sot, Old GoWer. Mr. A. E. Greenaway played the villain so well as to be heartily hissed when he appeared before the curtain, and Mr. Robert Inman was eeon to advantage as Montrose. The scenic and mechanical effects were good. The drama will he repeated during the week. Gilbert and Cellier's comic opera, "The Mountebanks, " continues to draw good houses at the Princess' Theatre. The last nights are, however, announced. The opera improves upon acquaintance, so that it u enjoyed a second or a third time even better than on the first hearing. The libretto has been con densed somewhat, end the business b&s; been improved, so that from first to last it now goes with a sparkle and a finish which renders it delightful. Encores con- tinues numerous, and the applause is alike hearty and frequent. 14 La Gignle1" is to be the next production at ibis house. The season at tbe Bijou Theatre has been a short, and could not have been a merry, one, as without notice the theatre was closed on Saturday night. At the Alhambra on Saturday night & new programme was submitted to a large audience, by whom the various items in it were well received. Altogether the programme was an excellent one, end well merited toe laughter and applause whioh it called forth. Ar 8t. George's Hall toe Steens con tinue to mystify and perplex their numerous patrons by toeir wonderful performances. Gome spiritualists claim that toe pfrforiaancBB are worked by spirits. But Mr.Eteen declares that the only spirits' lie 'knows anything of are those usually kept in a bottle. The eyoloremae, Jerusalem and toe Siege of Pane, continue to be well patronised; ' 