IILGRILMD ffi ! jeorraiomf.J Nature's Enchanting- Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY JLTRJL WESTBVRYt CHAPTER VII. — Continued. " My sougs ate anything but senti mental," says lie, apologetically, and at the same time thrumming a lively air. " Ohi T should like to go Where the golden apples grow ; Where, below another sky Parrot islands anchored lie. Inhere iti sunshine reaching out, Eastern cities miles about, Are, with mosque aiid minaret, Among glorious gardens set. Ui», i snouia nice to nuu Tiirou' the Simoon fiery tide ; t Where the apes and coooa-nuts, And the negro hunter's huts j Where the knotty crocodile i Lies and blinks in the Nile ; Where in jungles near and far, Man-devouring tigers are." Applause and la«gliter, together with many regrets that the gallant singer can not have his wish (as set forth in his song) gratified. When the noise has subsided the boI- dier asks Miss Weldou to sing. Grace looks shyly towards the spot where Fenton Howe and his friend are seated, and moves quietly to the piano. ' " Tin afraid I shall bore you with my sentiment, Mr West." Not at all," he says, laughing. Grace selects her song, and sings it well in her rich mezzo-soprano. 'When the flowers are all dying, 'And the south wind sweet and low, Round their graves a dirge is sighing, Will it not be sweet to know _ = That, while autumn clouds are looming, And the summer cliavms depart, There are brighter floweis blooming Iu the garden of the heart." 'When the breath of evening . lingers' And the suu's rays softly steal Through the vine with rosy fingers, -Will it not be joy to feel That, while we in wakeful dreaming Mark the golden moments roll. There's a brighter moruiug beaming Through the twilight of the soul." Not a breath o£ noisy applause fol - r lowed the girl's song. ' The charm was . too strong upon her listeners for that. Amid the silence Madam Elsie came for ward to the rescue 61 her ueice. With a soft touch upon the instrument, she sang a reverie by one of New 2 alaud's famous song writers, — . Star by star has slowly faded over head, The flashing light-marked bars of gold and. red _ - A moment linger. "The fair young day . Wakes o'er the tinted ranges. Far away Echoes the laughter of the jay. . A weird, but lovely hour. The glowing morn Grows sw itier than my thought. The dawn For dreams and castle-building in the air, With fair and roseate shadows every where — A scene to shut out care. The churchyard yonder, with its silent dead — Dust unto dust — holds all I wor shipped. Melhiuks 1 hear a small voice cry — " We shall have fairer meeting, you and I, In Christ's glad immortality." The sombre trees which round me drowse and moan Repeat in - whispers, " Thou art not alone." Thy kindred spirit says, " There is no A«..4l. UVHCI,J Save to the doubter. Love and faith Stand here and ausvrereth." ' We are going to drift into the melan choly stage, 1 do believe,' whispers Howe to Vane, and the next moment he is at the piano, thrumming out a very lively prelude to a song he calls "Brown Eyes." \- " Just the old, old story Of light and shade; Love like the .violet tender, Like it may be to vary, May be to fade. Just the old tender story, J ust a glimpse of morning glory, In an earthly paradise, With shadowy reflections In a pair of sweet brown eyeB.' Brown eyes a man might well Be proud to win ! Open to hold his image, Shut under silken lashes, Only to shut him in. Ob, giad eyes look together, For life's dark stormy weather \- Grows to. a fairer thing, When youug eyes look upon it Through a tiny wedding ring, i They stood above the world In a world apart, -And she drooped her happy eyes ; And stilled the throbbing pulses Of her happy heart. And the moonlight fell above her, , Her secret to discover ; And the moonbeams kissed her hair, As though no human lover Had laid kisses there. Look up, brown eyes," he kaid, " And answer mine ; Lift up those silken fringes That hide a happy light Almost divine " The jealous moonlight drifted To the finger half uplifted, Where shone the opal ring — Where the colorsdanced and shifted On the pretty changeful thing." " Brave, young fellow," cries the major, applauding with both hands, and th'erebv singeing his beard with the fire from the cigar he is smoking, " I had no idea you were musical. ' , Fen ton laughs. "I fancy we are not wise judges of each other," he says, "Now, I have an idea that our worthy and respected host could beat my humble effort if he would kindly try." Applause, and loud calls for the major. " God feiess my soul !" ejaculates the master of Pitisfalls, growing suddenly apoplectics. "What d'ye mean, sir? Why, it is over twenty years since I last trisd my hand at a bod gt and that was the iufght before 1 nkc-rmniann. when a few «if ' ours ' were dining with General Gatft- -carfc. Colonel Tom Sutton gave me his fuiifidttiiial opinion on my vocal effort — he snid that my voice reminded him of a saw grating ou a nail." " There is one sung you (gted to sing, pa," says Grace. " You know I have accompanied you many a time, when you and I have been shut up together iu that great wintry house at Hawthorn." " Eh ! yes, "certainly," reflects the major. " But, my dear, the ditty is only fit lor children, or— or an officer's mess- room." The guests, will aot take a refusal, and the host is led captive to the piano, where Grace takes her seat., and begins a lively but pretty preiude. " Gentlemen, the song has what my' friend, Tom Sutton would term, a rattling chorus," ;igain says the major, clearing his throat for action. "Capital ! so much the better," cry the others. " Trust the lad, though now rebelling ; Do not fear. Turn him uot from this our dwelling, Father dear ! Bear with him a little longer In his sin. Love will make his poor heart stronger- Take him in. Chorus — Trust the lad a little longer, Do not fear. He may better grow, and stronger, Father- dear. Scarcely twenty years have brightened And grown sere, Since a babe cur hearts he lightened, Father dear. How we loved our little brother ; Ah ! thought we, \- Not in all the world another . Such as he. "Chorus, boys." And it is a ringing, harmonious refrain, and so simple that the poorest musician may join in its fall compass. On one stifling hot December, Oh. how drear ! Mother left us all, remember, Father dear. And before she entered, smiling Into joy. " Love, "she said, with voice beguiling " Love my boy." Chorus — Trust the lad a little longer, Do not fear ; He may better grow, and stronger. Father dear. CHAPTER VIII. A l'EEP ixro TEMPLE ASHFOKD S DIAliY. I find I only began to live at twent. I, Temple Ashford, only son of Sir George Ashford, Major Go'ijral, K.C.B., of Glencouri, awakeu up to the feet that hitherto, viz. , from my infancy to the age of one score years I had existed only, no more. In this, my chronicle; with its faded int and its yellow pages, will be found the events which roused me into life. Ah, me! what shadows haunt us till we have found the power and the way to imprison them. Keep a diary, and lo ! . every thought, every haunting memory of tin; past., rising as sheeted .ghosts to terrify and drive us to despair, , are chained, buuud , fast. We take them f roiii our hearts, and lay them to sleep within a frail sheet of paper, else will they worry us to our dooui. When did I begin to live ? Oue sunny day, after I had returned to Gleucourt from England, where for five years Ox ford had claimed me as its pupil, Horace, Plat.ua, Moliere, Le Sage, Voltaire, Cer vantes, Shakespeare, Fielding, and Sivitt gave me uo more knowledge of the world than book lore gives to the impulsive student who finds life but to live, and en joyment the chief aim of life. There are men who say they know the world, because they know its vices. Ad mit this claim,- and what sage would rival a smart policeman? I had the lore of the sages, but 1 was utterly ignorant of that great hook, mankind. Light-hearted, nappy, and without a care, 1 took men and women for what they seemed. Goethe, with all his strange, weird-like power, presented only tlie beautiful to my in ward vision. Milton, with his ponderous and mighty genius, sang to me only of light and strength. His great creation, the Prince of Darkness himself, was not., to my mind, the miserable cartoon of the vulgar, but rather majesty humbled by pride — good perverted. A man will never become a scholar of the world without the one thing needful — observation. " You may enrich your mind aud store your brain with all the craft of Alma Mater, yet your learning is as so much fuel, wanting "the appliance of the match to fire it into life and activity. It mostly happens that experience is 1 the forerunner of observation. Deceit bring in its train suspicion ; suspicion, observation. This is my proccs verbal a maximis ad minima." After weary years of watching and waiting I begau to write these, things down. Not that I have any connecting link from day to day, or month to month, of circumstance or event as it took place, but because the only way that presented itself t j me of allaying memories that were almost unbearable was to jot thein here in black and white. Sunny the morn, and beautiful the landscape, decked in its morning robe of green and grey and ruBset brown as I took my way across the bracing uplands of Westland. Beneath mo pranced and capered Hannibal, my father's favorite hunter, who, pulling strong in his fiery pride, carried mc along like a bird on the wing. Casting my eyes away over the plain I saw a lady on horseback, dashing away at a lieadljng gallop towards the rocks and cnasuis, and the deep ravines which bolder Lase Wliipera. It needed no secoad glance to convince me that the steed — a powerful thoroughbred — had,tlie mastery, and was carrying its fair burden to swift and certain destruction. I saw the reins were broken, but the rider sat the flying horse coolly and gracefully, her only grip being a piece of the ungovern able brute's mane, held firmly in her gloved hand. In an instant the situation was revealed to me. The next saw me pressing Hannibal to his swiftest pace to iutercept the runaway. There was about ail equal distance between the nearest point of the lake and where the race be gan— the thoroughbred heading with a straight rush for the water— I, taking a cross course to cut him off from the dan gerous point. It seemed to me that death, certain aud bloody, awaited the lady if I did not gain the rising ground first. With knee and voice I urged llio gallant hunter, who, seeming to compre hend what was at stake, bounded .along like a stag, flinging the while foam from his nostrils, and snorting in reply. I cannot tell how I joined issue with the frightened steed. Barely fifty paces from the summit of the steep jagged cliff I seized the loose hanging rein, and twist ing it round my hand, suddenly wheeled the runaway round the way he came. The wrench and strum upon my wrist pains i«e yet, and will pain me while I Jive. The maddened brute pulled mo out oT the saddle, hut I held on to him aud brought him up7 '"8 chest and flanks quivering and covered with sweat aud blood In a moment the fair rider leapt to the ground. Looking at her I saw a face of rare and exceeding loveliness, which smiled upon me, while her soft white hands touched, mine that were aching and throbbing with pain. A brunette of the Moorish type, with a dash of the wild Bohemian, the face brilliant, the red lips a trifle too full aud too sensual, but alto gether a matchless, superb girl, just bud ding into womanhood. " Sir, how brave you have been ; you have saved my. life, and at the risk of your own. What can J. say to you ? How can I thank you ?" The voice was low, attil sweet, and rich, — a most excellent ihing iu woman. " I am already thanked," 1 said. "Is there any way in which 1 can have the honour to assist you ?" She laughed, and with an E i.stern grace replied, tmeud uiy bridle, which naughty Tricksy has broken, and kindly -see me to Hawksuect." " Hanksnest ! Is that your home ?" " Yes. You can see its gables yonder uy cue lane. mis morning i went iortu for a gallop with my favorite hero, but the brute turned restive and bolted." The runaway appeared quiet enough now. I saw by its poiuts that it was a grandly bred nuire, a chestuut in color. " What a noble beast !' Isaid in ad miration. " " Yes," she replied, patting the naughty one's shining ueck, " my brother gave-three hundred guineas for Tricksy. From him I received her as a present." # # # Hawksnest was a roomy villa iu a wild part of the country, surrounded by a forest of kauri pines, and lay about forty miles distant from Glencourt-. Of its oc cupants I had never heard a word from my father, or my sister Hilda. It seemed all the more strange to me when my fair companion, who had not mentioned her name, led me to the house, and i hbn in troduced mo to her father, Ratazki Bar- jew. For a Pole he could speak English remarkably well. He was an alien from his beloved Poland, he said. He had taken part with the people in some dis turbances, and had to fly from his enemies. Barjew was tail and tliin, with a dark, restless eye that never looked straight at you. I stayed aud dined, and was intro duced to Riali Barjew 's brother Paul. He was only a youth, scarcely out of his teens, but as I afterwards discovered he had a profound knowledge of the porld, which at times baffled calculation. There are men .who do .not require- experience in tliis art; they take, to it intuitively. Their first step in life exhibits- the same profound- mastery over the minds of others, as at the close of a noble or ig noble career. From the first I did not like Paul Barjew. Something there was iu him that repelled, and yet attached me to him. Perchance the secret of this lay in the subtle charm and fascination which his beautiful sister soon began to exercise over my every feeling, thought, and word. Looking back at these things through the vista of years, I am amazed at the mad ness of my infatuation, for I know now it was not love. I became a constant visitor at Hawks nest. lliah Barjew met me ever with a blush and a smile of welcome. Ah ! her's was a mouth that surely smiled des truction ; her's was a fac; that was as a story whose leaves are yet uncut. Out on the still lake, with the moon overliekd, and hosts of stars mirrored on its clear bosom. No Princess of the Tuileries,' or "of the Qn'a'rtier'B — : — liad more grace, or a more fatal gleam in those black lustrous eyes, with their dangerous drop of thick, curling lashes. Warm, tranquil night, and alone with lliah Bar jew. " Ah, Monsieur " she pleads, softly, "how brave you were that morning to dare to stop a mad runaway horse, in full flight ; it was marvellous. You saved my life. How shall I ever show half ' my gratitude ?" " Give me leave to love you, Riali." "Hush ! These are graceful words, bat you do not mean them, sir." "Call me Temple, lady. Ah! if I have but won the rich recompense which lies in the smallest title to your gratitude I am the happiest of nieu." She looked up at me with the light of the moon on her cahn, dispassionate face ; " men yearn for nothing but power," she answered, " Love with you meaus idle compliments and flattery. With us youth and beauty are Crown and Sceptre, and we reign over the realm of love. You are old, and require nurses or cratches ere power becomes yours. We — we live only in our youths and in our beauty, and we enjoy love in it.. If I live long enough my hair will be white, and my shin yellow. Bali ! let us not waste time in talking of that love which men pro fess." Oh, the calm dreams in silent gtens and ou wooded heights, with the echo of that silvery voice charming and luring me. Oh, the soft music beneath the giaut kauri pines ! livery lovely woman lias a caprice, bat Riah Barjew's every mood was with out the rule that guides most women. "You like music," she says, softly. Ah, ye5, I can see it m your face. En glishmen are cold and prosy, but they have eloquent eyes sometimes.'' She sings, without effort, the familiar canzone ot Figaro, with a voice which the sweet throated toiios in the leaves above us might have envied. From Figaro to the sublime harmonies of the liiabat Mater, without prelude or apology, now wailing like the sigh of a vesper hymn at eventide, now bursting into passionate prayer, like the swell of aTe Detira from the Cathedral altar. Out on the still night rose tlie matchless mu.-ic of voice, rich,- clear, thrilling, and changing 'suddenly to one of Verdi's gayest arias, mingling Huckens' slumber song with some reckless Venetian barcarolle. " Your voice is exquisite, marvellou3; Riah." She laughs softly. "They know ho v- to teach music in Paris, sir." " You were not boru iu Paris, vet : you ?" "No," she answers. "I claim no higher lineage than a half blood Mam-: for my mother, and this dull, dark Island for my birthplace. But my father sen! me to France ore I could lisp his nam.', and there I remained until good Madame de Peutville could teach me nothing more, cither of inusic or the latest scandal in fashionable circles. Sitting here reminds me of the old chateau at Dijon, where we had iessous for breakfast, l'or lunch, and for dinner, with long practice by way of dessert. How I used to beat my wings against the barred windows, and long to escape o'er the < purple niuu.; I tains." No more dangerous siren in ancieni fable than this, with the mocking light >,: lier gazelle eyes, and the rosy, smiling lips. No more witching creature from the pnuas of Galiuzai, who dazzled all men jyhu looked .yii thein with the shino of their trc.-.-sj ci'oro, yet whose white jewelled hands shook the philtre into the loving cup. Let me moralize no more, or I shall fill the pages of mj- diary ere I have freed the thoughts which rise betimes like accus ing angels. In the abstract my sin lay in this. I was the willing dupe of a consummate scoundrel and his cenfederates, who used a cold, calculating, and beautiful decoy to lure me, that is all ' The details, abrupt, and perhaps a little vague, may serve as a beacon to others who, like my self, are ignorant of the smooth gilded ways of wickedness. I had been acquainted but a short time .with the exile," Barjew and his family, when I began to play. How it came about is a mystery, for in my heart I liated gambling. Perhaps it was because Riah Barjew was my partner at these times, that I began to look forward to the long winter evenings at the villa as a sort of Edin, wherein there was only Eve for nie. Not at this time, but long after wards I knew H;(,vksncst to be nothing more nor less than a gambling den, and its inmates the very worst type of so- lumtiub tuctu picv uu society. There was nothing unusual in tlie crowded rooms, filled night after night with eager, watchful men and wo men who staked their last shilling with the sang froid of my Lord Rochester. Even at that time, when I saw nothing beyond the big black eyes of my lovely lure, it struck me as most strange, but I had visited Paris, and I knew the Parisians to be fond of ecarle as a pastime only. In my novitiate my fair partner waB allowed to instruct me until I became an apt player, .and I went into the trap. It was a curious study to watch the tide of fortune flowing into our hands at the beginning. Truly, luck was every thing in our case. Many a half- smothered sacre was heard from beneath the thick moustache of Ratazki Barjew at -our suc cess, and as his daughter swept the golden pieces into lier lap. Tin's was the beginnifig. Slowly but surely the fever laid its grip upon me— the. feverish excitement of the gambler. While the malady was upon me I cared little whether Riah Barjew was present or otherwise. The ambition to win seemed to absorb all else of thought or feeling within my heart. The photographs of the persons who gathered nightly rouud our table are vividly retained in my memory. Old Barjew, with his thin, keen face hungrily watching the c irds on the green baize. Opposite tko host a well made, handsome young man, about my own age, by name Joculyu Vaiiborough, and who might easily have been taken for my twin brother. Paul Barjew filled the picture as my vis-a- vis. Beyond the glare of the lamps was one figure whom I observed often watching for some one'wlio never came. It was the form of a lady, if the erect carriage, small, well gloved bauds and a hundred other iimnistakeable signs of birth and breeding are any indications of a gentlewoman. She always took up a position in the same spot, and that spot the must shrouded part of the room. She never played, and no one appeared to trouble themsel ves about her. At a cer tain hour she left the villa, but to return again the uext evening to lier po3t. One night my curiosity got the better of »:y maimers. " Who is this lady?" I asked of my host, pointing to the dark form standing motionless as a statue. Barjew wheeled round. " Ah, " mon ami," he said, shrugging his shouiders, " that is a poor creature who comes aud goes to my domicile as the whim pleases her. Mrs Sydney Black is the wife of my most intimate friend, a gentleman whom 1 shall have much pleasure iu in troducing to you by aud by. At present lie is in Melbourne, but lie wiil be here after the races." " Is Mr. Black a racing man ?" "My good friend," replied my host, with a laugh, " you English have a way of saying harsh words. Mr Black is a sportsman, aud the owuer of several race horses." "Humph! Does the lady know that her liege lord is absent ?" " Wiio can tell what the thoughts of women are'!" answered Barjew, evasively. " Some years ago Mrs Black lost an infant daughter. Ihe poor creature has not been altogether right here (touching his forehead) since that unfortunate event." " How lost ?" "Stolen out of its cradle ; kidnapped," briefly replied the host. Whoever the thief, he h is managed to1 keep his secret and hide his crime. Tlie child was never recovered. Oome, wo« cher, mind your play." If I had fortune at my back in the commencement, the jade soon turned her fickle front. I lost heavily — that is, my gambling transactions amounted to more than I could pay. All had been well for me had I come to my senses at this point, but my losses, instead of acting as a warn ing, only created iu me a determination to retrieve them. I returned home. My father reproached me for my long absence, aud parted with me in an angry mood. Did lie suspect? Alas ! tor vain frivolous youth. Cut the string of the kite, and lo ! whither will it go ? I wanted money, aud my sister Hilda came to the rescue. 1 told lier my honor was involved, and that a thousand pounds would free me. She gave me lier cheque book. " i have two thousaud odd iu the Bank of New Zealand, my grandmothers legacy,' she replied. " Draw for that amount if it will lielp you, Temple." \ 1. kissed her, and went back to Hawks nest." hi a week I was beggared of every shil ling my noble sister bad given me. There are some temperaments which become savage and desperate under defeat. Some men there are, and I felt myself to be one of lhein, who, if they had the strength So back tlie wiil, would wreck the world iu their mad desire to conquer. I re member iu my schooldays encountering ' a big bully in the shape of a butcher, a i coarse, brutal fellow, who was tlie terror | of the locality at fisticuffs. He was a , in au aud I a buy, but I would have beaten In in to death if Jlis friends had not taken liini away. The bully nearly killed me, yet my will mastered him. " You have the devil's luck, Ashford," -jauf Paul Barjew. ' Dame Fortune is decidediy agaiust you, my dear fellow," drawled Van- borough. "Better not tempt the goddess any further." The very front of these tilings would have opened the eyes of anyone less, be- itched and foolish than myself, but the men were observers, mark you, aud they; knew how to pull the strings which move the puppets human. Their words were (aunts to me, and-1 replied haughtily that advice tv3B thrown away upon mc. I should not cease until I had my re-j rouge.— I'h be Continued, M U 6 349 j 