ITEMS OF NEWS. By a notification iu 'another. column, it will- be seen that the Bank of Victoria reconstruction scheme has beon modified in connection with tho issue of preference share's, which ate not "now compulsory. This mokes the scheme must libera), and creditors need have no .hesitation in accepting it. We are in receipt . of " Tho Australian Farm and Home,' a periodical which c'on|ai'nH 'a vast amount of interesting and instructive informa tion on tho farm,- orchard, dairy, &c.; : The young man Bertram Hunter, who failed to appear at the Police Ouurt on Friday,, having since been arrested, on warrant, was brought up before tho CpqrLoh Saturday, ..and romanded-till to-morrow, to answer the charge proforred against him pf. bad language used to his step mother. Thp favourite dramatists, the Taylor Carping- ton Oompany, appear on Wednesday evening at the Theatre R >yal in the Irish drania of Evioted. Upon their last perform nice they wore welcqmod on thpir return with a' bumper lious", and as they (are always so well received in tho town they may have again another such attendance. We hear that DrG. T. Woolley has tendered his resignation as Returning Officer for the Oas- tlomaine electoral district, in consequence of the duties interfering too largely with those in his professional capacity. During his assumption nf the office Dr Woolley has fulfilled the func- tions'with exemplary discrimination and effici ency.- Tho afternoon train_from Melbourne on Satur day -did not arrive ar Castlemaine until 4.25 o'clock'. Tho train is due here at 3.34 o'clock. and it's extra heavy weight and -frequent" stop pages at tho intermediate stations wore assigned as reason's for the lateness. , The train to Mary borough was proportionately late in departing from Castlemaine in consequence. , Save for the hotel door illuminations, the town last night was in absolute darknesB, for what- reason it ia not easy to understand, except it may bo that tho new moon was considered a' sufficiently , luminous .body for. pedestrian /and vehicular, requirements. The night was very dark, and: the moonlight was, liko the gas, con-: Rpicupus hy its absence. .Churchgoers and others fnund'their way'through the town with no little difficulty, and it would be wise nn the part of the Borough Council to havo the street lamps burning.evory .night during the winter months. Thorn would then, porhaps, be loss liability to accidents. - > , . / At Christ. Church yesterday Whit Sunday was observed' as usual with much impress ivoness. Tho spcoial psalms and hymns wore well rem dored-by a gtrong choir.. At the opening of both the " morning and evoning servicos Attwond's anthem, "Come Holy Ghost," was given with fine effect. The oponing solo was sung with good expression by MrsEarle, and the quortott which follows was well given by Mrs Earle (soprano); - Miss Hosier (alto), Mr Hubson (tenor), and, Mr Earle (bass). At the evening servicp the anthem was "God ib a spirit" from Sir W. S. Bennett's oratorio "The, Woman of Samaria," which was offeotivoly sung, unaccom panied by Mrs Earle/ Miss 'Hasiejf and Messrs Hobson and Earle. - The collections for the day wore iu aid of tho mission to the Chinese in Vic toria.;'/;'/ // It is rumpured that an inmate of the Benevo lent Asylum named /.M'Cabe,' is the inheritor of a fortune '-consisting1 of property and of the rights' derived. -.from a lucrative patent. This elating .Intelligence was conveyed to him by a lirothjer jvho visited the Asylum on Tuesday, and escorted him out of that preserve for the decayed that fte might! look with more beaming eyes on the_vfprld. They were said to have inspected a fruitful orchard, in the Ruburbs, with a View to purchasing it, as a dosirable abode whore the rooipipnt might rest' under/ his . own. yine and fig tree in his mature and eiperiencedi age of the vanities and caprices of the earth. Ib is not re- v paled whither' the/bearer of the goldnn inteili- gence. refrained, out of eonsideration for 'the feelings of his next of jrjpj from tplljng him thp extent pf his sudden, appessiop to fprtuqe, lest it plight overpower him, or that there was nothing in the downfall to make a voteran pf the Asyiuui swpon. Tho eecretivenese. of tl)e,. brethren re mains their property, but the belief is eegen- dered that the" tale of money coming to M'Oabe ia hot a myth. . 'An evening of sacred sorig was given" in the Mpphanics' Instiiutp on Saturday by Mr D. Matthews, the founder and suporintorident of thp Maioga Aboriginal Mission, esaisted -by his son apd . two daughters and a 'small, party of ahprigipsl boys end giri" from the mission sta- tion;. Mr Matthews gave an interesting and de scriptive aooount In oonneption -with the station, end exhibited several realistic piotures' of blsok men, and women in QAmps, Songs pf a saorcd rendered by thejfavekilo hilbri:: jginies in HAinanuer that showed hbw "pMnsj/tKlfi; and la|ffi£joub Mr Matthews has been in his tuittonTir them. Miss Matthews played the pianoforte accompaniments, and the entertain ment wob ttoyuljind jileasing througjiqut. Yes/ tfirdayiilFt erno'flii,i ana at Ifte'clBsd df qfle church services at. night,, similar gatherings were held under tlie auspices Of the AboriginafMissinh hy Mr. 5|atthew« jind;t ffiise acoiimpeiiyjnu him. ; The buildiug .was orqwdeu pp ejicfl (iccaaiou /'./j j Thero WSa a;gPod i muster /of/ the . tiastiumaipq and BeudigUi' hiilitiatneti at. the... parade .oniithp Oalupi Rasorvd -dn - Baturday -aftemtjon. '..The Bbhdigb dbtnolihii'ntj to tliB inuinber of oO. art, rivbd hy the 4:5-U'olo'ok'trait), titid hnvingnoined the lddal' ' ftteli ' the p.iiti(tde''''Sthte'' showed'f'a tiital df lSO ratik and file,'" exolUeive bf 'rtfiieersv of . whom t herb, Wa'fi "a 'gp'oti'hfinilibr. Lieni ehiKU Coliinol Aii'eji'.wae ip.,dodirdiind'bf tKb'ba'tlalioh? wiio werQ put.thrpugfi thp .uiantWWps gdtie thrpugfi.at the review, at .Albert Park on Quaeh'd, Birthday, ; ; The t.fpii /de,juiq ' aiid . march/past' weroperformed with precision, V.tHe.. incidental rtiusic being givdb by (the battalion-band,. un.der the leadership of Band-aerKeaiib Monteitli.j (.The nien maroh'ed baok to tho Orderly i Room,. -with: the bahd playinR'the qoickstep;t«t)d: prior to the dismissal the ihtiuiatiph' was ni'ade that;- in con- iieeti.mwitK' the,' fortli'do'miri review,!' the " oprti'-" liiandliig officer h'ad -.hepu. notified' that' /thp: ihert are.tb appear, iii full-'diarbliiog'drder' on the be! casioii. , . . . ' ' ' ' . ' '.'" . It has been decided hy a Bmall number of iho Premier's friends resident at CaulGeld, Rosstown, Murrumbeena, and Oaklejgh, to tender him a banquet; the date -of which .has been fixed for June 7th. With the view. of accommodating. the large number of guests who are expected to . he present, it is intended to hold the gathering in t he large dinirig-hall of the' Victorian Amatour Turf Club at tho Caulfieid racecourse. The bequest made by the late Dr Beaney of LlO.OOO to the corporation of Oanturbufy. his uaj ivu city, for the purchasd of.a piocp of land in Canterbury and the erection upon it of a library and : reading-room for tho, /working classes, bjts been pronounced hy -the .Full Court to be invalid, -and tho motiey: therofore falls, to the residuary ' legatees, consisting of the Melbourne University, the Melbourno Hospital; and three other local charities. > Mr Justice i'Beckett had hold, following an English' deoision as to New 'South Wales',' that the Mortmain Aot prohibiting the devise of land to corporations, did uot ap ply to Victoria ; but the Full Court held that while this might.be so, it did not render the pre-, sent.. bequest effectual, .iuasmuch. as. the law of Englfind made it impossible .to .carry ..it' out. As a matter of fact thp- Charity Commissioners' in' England ihavo already .decided 'that' the; cor poration of Canterbury cannot apply: the - mouey to the purpose Intended. " : Ah interesting discovery has latoly been made at Jesus College, Cambridge. By removing the piaster from the east side of the cloister court there has been discovered" a row of arches, belppging to the 13th, ceqtury. -They appear to have formed a portion of the arcading of the olpisters in the couvent whioh stood oil . this site before the college wasfoundeij. . The arches, of which three. huvB. already been laid bare, are beautifully: preserved. Tbey have: hoen. tilled up with rubbish, and used to make part of-- the present wall, "which dates froih the lfiili century. The bottom of the pillars are some 5fc_bolow the level of tho present surface of tho grouud. The; -statistics -of- negro, inst ruction ,in the United States comprise some-interesting figures. Where only 27: years ago no.coloured child was legally permitted to read there are now 25,530 schools in" which 2,250,000 have learbod to read and most of them to write."' In 'the cblouroil schools there are . 238, 000 pupils and. 20,000 coloured teaohers. ' There are <150 sohools: for advanced education, : and seven colleges admin istered by coloured presidents and "fabulties : and of" tho .prcsideuta three were 'formerly slaves. .' 'It, is . also noted/ that 'tliefe ' are T54 coloured editors, "250 lawyers and 7.40 ph'yeicians, and <that there are 247 coloured students now educating , themselves .in. (European. Universi ties. . . ; :r, x->. The death ie'announced at his residence, /New port, of the "oldest' Victorian colonist inotho person of Captain "David Fermaner,- for a long poriqd , harbourraastpr and' pilot at Port' Alb'ort. Captain. Formaher came to' ' Australia ;iii tho early thirties/and atood.on the.gHore'atLTdyTJay when the vessel ' conveying the Hentys arrived there.! Afterwards . he 1 removed-tp"P«jrt Albert, wboreho was first appointed pilot tinder tlio'New South Wales Government. .Reared as a whaler, he was a daring seaman of a stamp which, from the altered pirppmBtauccs . of seafaring life, has almost disappeared: The' sandbar at Port Albert, liko most of 'tho.iuleta on tho anuth and east coasts of Australia, ia very treachorous, and not unfrequently in the : early days " Davy the Pilot", had to face tho breakers in order to safelv pilot ' over :tho ' channel bar ressblB;which other wise would -Have boon lost on '-.the shelterless Ninety- Mile Beach. Novortheless many wrecks did , occu.r, . notably the , Sylvunus. (steamer), Thistle (steamer), Victoria (barque), and others. C iptain Furmaner brought the . passengers of tho Thistle to Port Albert, clad in blankets. In grateful remembrance oL this deed he and his crew , were suitably rewarded, the captain being presented with a gold ohrononieter. Mr Follows, then Attorney-General and one of the rescued' passengers, < headed- the : subscription- list. r <"- '.< :< Mr Victor Cohen, managor of the Australian Eleven/ has written to the Press with regard to the charges' mado against him by W. L. Murdoch in connection with the choice of the present Australian'' team.' Mr' Obhon charges Murdoch witlrquibbling ovor the' matter: He states that ho wroto to Murdooh in the iirst instance asking him to join tho team entirely op his own respon sibility. Subsequently . hp .wrote to Murdoch asking what expenses Jie would requiro io joining tho tpam, and received np. reply. Ho reported tho faot to the match committee, Messrs Turner, Blacjihatn, pn4 Giffeu, appointed to phopso,the toam, who considered that under ; the cirouin- stances the manager of tho team was no'longer bound to his lirst undoratanding with -Murdoch. Mr Oohon adds that in view of Murdooh having pornianen'tly taken up his - residenoe' in England his omission from tho team was a step- approved both in England. apd Australia.,. ; ., WpiC'IndopQndBnt ') Iparn tj)at thero is. pro bability of the Orown .Law DupartmeMt.diyopting a prosecution against tho baker," Georgo Jackson, of Golddn Squarri, in connection with" the mys terious and suspibious deatllof- hia wifii;': rTho Grown, of. coursp,. ii at perfeot liberty to do so, thp vordiot of' the jury Having Ibft lhe mysl'pry of hei" death as unsolved asjtjwa's hoforo/ 'Jackson iB atatpd tp bo a man pfcbnBiiJeralilp weath, and also .hgtt a jiutnbor ;of dohfa'dup' to him' in the locality _in' connection wltji/hip. ;b'uainpBB. lie has made his business over to Kis late wife's adopted son, Mr Hermann Brunn. When arroated for perjury for swearing that ho never . assaulted his wife, 'but alwpys treated herin'ittf gentl(|nesB and romajikable forehearance, he is said (o have been contemplating an early (rip to his 'native place in Ireland.' - 'The police havo also' been /enquiring as to tijo dispoaal uf some pf the: late/Mrs Jackson's jewellery. . "At tho criminal sittings of the Supramo Court at Port Fairy, on Friday, bofore Mr Justice Hood, /'Arthur, Thomas Griffin, a .lpb'pufer, of Warfnamhooi, was/ charged with ah offonco on his own daughter, who is under. 10 yparp/bf ago. He pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to 10 yesra'.' Iraprisonmonf, with hard labour", jn tho Geofohg Gaol. Mr Justieo Hood said that tbo depositions showed that "the prisoner's wifo, tho stepmothor of the ohild,< was as guilty as tho accuse'd. Thoy disclosed a horrible condition of things, . there haying been frequent offences since j the ohild was 10 years old.. It was a grmfdor: how such humsn beings pould 'exist. He dyewi tho attpntion of tbo Grown Law authorities to! the oase, with a view to the woman being pro- ! oood'ed against, Mr J, T. T. Smith, the Grown' Proseoutor, said this lyould be done. An elderly r.-iaf I 1-T 'IC'I'IT. ; (mMhnldjWillliil; ! Ifii/charged with a i'imQIkr off4jl'eS'"Un"Tly|irl nffiHCd Amy Arm- etrong, Darlington. He plt'sawniSlgailty, and was defended by Mr MacDerinolt/v Tho evi- denoe showed- that- the offenco liftd been re peated on several occasions from the time the girl was II years of ago. Sim is now 15 yhlifs and fiye mniiths, and will soon become a mother. Thb jury found a "verdict of guilty. Mr-Thomas Dowling,2 M.L,jLiTg«yer ri.T prisjjjpr-® Rond character" For "2o yfinrs. " air Justioo'Hbod said that fact was an aggravation uf his offenco. Tho sentence was two years, with hard labour. "" A- jatge . tiro brokp,, out at Bridgewptor - on Saturday, morning,- jiiid oua eido of the' "main st'rebt wiis blirfit: trt the grbuhtt.'- All tho Hiiild' iugs aro pf wood, and the -Hi-fi soon spread from one htiilding'tfl 'tllp oth8h'; 'Slifjps occupihd1 Mrs.Josaph, Mr1F. Mi.likoiiV.3ddlor, and MosBrs Miinkon' Vm-, batidtft.'-iv(;Vc. huriied.'toJlHp grp)iti(j. (,Mjrs 'Jogeph is tlie greatest; losp'r! Sho' estiiiiate'd her 'stock' 'n't iihout L100(j' which is. ; inspred . in the;-, Phieuix ,Ooui patiy Lf;;r . (L300, Mrs Joseph's father had, n very narrow escape, ' .Of ..ibqirtg ;. burnt. (-.Hp is uinolyffive years of age, and unable to movp without help. Mf Lucas, thelifccUpler of lhe: Globe Hotel; ijdrt escaped from beiug burnt, ibeing dragged out of hii-'Irflbm -likla'. Mr! Walsh;-1 who ivrtsr himself b'flr'fied in'-'fnd' d-dsoue. -:l A tilithLr man. Befirfpih put on his best trousors, liuf left, . his working trousers. n .thg bouse with L40,inf the puclcpt's/' - ''Tho'policd have' eoiuriiehcpd ijii invostigiition of tho circumstances of tfidouthreak's of firo' at the timber . storage-yards . of Messrs Rojijcke, Gunnorsen, and Co.,; of : the: South Wharf, Du- teotive, P. .G.-. O'Dohpell, having boon assjgngd tho task by Mr Kennedy, acting under Ihe directions ' of the chief. (commissioner of police; The 'detective >'wds(: unable early to iform .an opinion, although sufficient has beon learned by him ro justify him in looking round for "another lire- ruiHor of tlie typo of tho map w lit/ fors'pite set light to sevoral limber- yijrda Bonio'yeiirn .igo. In that .case, the incoddia'ry /was a dibbhiirgdd employe and suspicion" ptiiiited to him iu cpiise,- quence.:; Iii the,, insianoes, under investigatio'ti thp: members .of j.ho firm'cannpt suggost fortlie assistance of.tjie pplice tho . name of aiiydue who would be likely oto .bcar thein ill-will, for,;the same i reason, ; but: porhaps furthor inquiry may lead tii the- discovery of the Correct, explanatioh". Already the Ores have had a most prejudicial effect upon thp'firm by leading to the withdrawal by the Phceiiix Insurance Ooiiipany of the -risks tbey havo 'accepted over the stock. Though Messrs" 'Romcke, ; Gunnerson;. jaud Cu. . are merely the agents for Norwegian firnisi.and do not benefit,, by -tho payment of ineqriiiicqfi,: the withdrawal ,,ofj companies frguf thbir risks.' .w.ill affect thera indirectly by exposing their clients to the possibility of great Joes'; .! .. 