A GHOST IX A HOSPITAL WAltD. There is a lively story in the " Month " entitled " Footsteps in a Ward,"' told by a hospital nurse who asserts that it is tnii'. For ail hour or more when slio whb attending a dying man footsteps wore heard going up and down the ward. Tlioy were'audible by herself and another patient in the hospital. The sound of tlio invisible footfalls followed lier about tlio ward when she wont to get the medicines, and on 0110 occasion when she turned sharply round slio was conscious of be ing in some hind of communication willi an invisible spirit, whether of man or of angel, she does not know. Of this slio says she is as certain as that she is iilivo at the moment of writing this account. "When she went downstairs the footsteps followed 'her. She says :-" I shall never forget my going down tlioso great silent stone stairs, with the doors shut on tlio landings all round, mid my own footsteps echoing through tlio silence, whilst behind, at every step I took, came tlio sound of it, man's foot, just two stairs above 1110. I tried to think it was only the echo of my own, though I knew all the time that it was nothing of the kind, , ,but a totally different and heavier sound, such km a mail's boot would mako 011 tlio uncovered stone. There was one very strango thing aboutit-tlio tramp of that invisible foot made one single distinct sound as it de scended each step, but there was no echo to it, whereas my lighter footfall was repeated-as all .human footsteps were repeated 011 those stairs-in the - hall bo low. Finding that the patient was a Catholic and had only a short time to live, she sent for a priest. As soon ns tlio priest came the footsteps censed. Tlio patient died an hour afterwards. The result of thatstmngo experience was that the nurse joined the Catholic Church. The smallest sea island on record is Oft. across, and was reported some time ago by Captain Jolm Hicliards, of tlio: British ship Cambrian Monarch, to liavo been sighted by him in latitude . 2!)deg 2miri north, longitude 138degdnmin wast. Tlio sea was smooth around * it and' it was clearly an island, tajierinp' upward' Jir ' a pyramidal sliapo from below tlio surfiicQ of^the water. 