A NEW FASHION IN GHOSTS. At a time when wo begin to realize that Boience, philosophy, eyon theology, hava had their phantoms and goblins that van ished at tho dawn ana the oook- orowing of new knowlodgo, it is entertaining to boo what a different form snporetltion itself has taken. Thero is distiuotly a now fashion in ghosts. Tho old- fashioned ghosts of romance, clad in leng, whito garments, -who always 'glided* — the rcadtrs of Frank Stockton's Btorics will' romombor tho diffi oulty with whioh tho hobgoblin who ia variably ' eltipped ' kopt atep with tho ghoat who glided when they went for a walk togothor— and who solemnly waved thoir handa for adiou when th-iy disappeared through hatred and bolted doora, or van ished in opon spaoo, aro loEt to us forover. The inscrutablo etiquette of No Mnn'a Land, that twilight wonderland, has been rudely overturned. A skoptioal young friend of mino onoo suggested that tho charaoteriatios of ita oodo — porfoo t noisologsnefifl of en trance and oxit, subdued stop and domeanor, eilenco until addreesod— savored too much of departed bntlera cr the ehadca »f gentlo mon'a gentlemen.' But, however thia may to, all n changed, and ' mftley'a our only ?Roar.' In tho late developments of the eocialies for psychioal rosearoh wo eeo not oven butlera and valeta but a lower sat, presumably kitohen menials from thoir habits, or, at the beat, the tramps and downs of the spirit-world. Soience haa dealt tha lmt b'ow to ou: glider and vanishor, our gho*t of awn and myatery. Not oven a epootral finger haa been left to beokon, not a vestigg of hia robo to flultor in tho galleries at dnfk or r.n tho winding atairwaya of thn draughty and dilapidated mansions whioh ho uuacoountably preferred to freqnont. Modern ghossta aro addicted to pwotioal joking. Ono wca heard ' gobbling about like a tnrkey-ccoV oloso be.«ido tho bed'— we quote the narrativoa laid before ths ubovu-montioned sooiotica— arid again, ' Btnmbling over boots and cbrt ?-, thoatrb thoro wi-ro none thero.' Oco a'o-.nnl Ve^ine woli. Tha ghoat ia 'a tall mm, vritli rv very pale faoo, and dark hair and montt'-o'io; the expression of hia face is io-ro*fhl ' Bnt, alas, he ahowa tho eamo prc- per.j-i'y. 'Sometimes he ia seen pooping iirouni tho side of an open doorway, eonelireoa he steals up bohind the lady of tho honEo and slapa hor fimiliarly on tho back.' The like disappointment rocots us in the following— also one of tho iest authentic ated storioa : ' Tho latoh of the door moved up and down ; tho iron eastment begnn to o'mttor, and also the lid of a warminp-pan !' Gbo3t of a (Tepi.r:od ir.n maid ! Perhara murdered by a esntiriva travillar fcr ola'b tering a real lid ltd ho wajii'jout to sink into blissful hlutnfctr Tho unseen gnidors of placehettc are notaHy given to lad habits. 'Eipcciclly wbon tho hand of tho autombtist is (x h'mstsd by a long nnd somewhat barren eflurt, tho word ' devil ' will BometiuiOB be written orcr acdover again with an energy that abode* the nnanspeoting writer.' An English vicar toatififa that planchetto is sadly addioted to evasion aud subterfupo, and ahows ' a total indiflerence to truth for its own jako, oonpled with what looks like a morbid dread of seeming to bo ignorant of tho reply to a question.' The frequenoy of fib3 and quibblca in tho planohette— writing of this serious olergyman again— suggests the tendenoy to moke game of tho expori menter aDd play praotioal jokes at his expense. Intelligent purpose er relevanoo aro totally lacking, and it is well that the ghost of Boienco ia supposed to possess the oharm which in Misj Matilda Stubb'a mind raised her lover abovo all other young men ? ' he was thero '—for he haa no other. In faot, wo aro told that ' the ghost usually acts ia a manner indicating inaanity or idiouy. ' 1 A man in a frook coat,' and ' n woman in a veil ' are in tho habit of entering a par ticular ohamber at nifrht and gazing npon the oooupanta of tho bed, bnt nothing oomoa of it. Another woman is alwaps soon ' as she is in tha aot of turning oerners.' In many cases tho only known occupation of tho ghost is making night hideous with the oraah of breaking glass or ehisa. Another diaployB a fondneis for heat— hi? this any referenoe to the o'.imate of its habitual roai denos? — 'standing near the fireplace cr stove, but vanishing when addressed. In short,' saya the compiler somewhat im patiently, ' not a Binglo ghost of all that are brought before us seems to have any pnrpoBe w n»i iu a nuiuum manner to accomplish anything.' ' Brought beforo us !' 'What a reversal of anoient law and precedent when oven ghott3 may be summoned by soienoe, ard examined like a honeemaid as to moral oharcoter and general intelligence. But it does not yet appear what fines may be levied or penallies enforced for miEdo moanors proved. It b a new fashion with a vengoanoe when we investigate with snoh a torto tho unrestricted Immigration of illi terate vagabonds of the spirit world into ours.— Ella F. Moiiy. 