Mr. Bentley's Season. HAMLET. For several weeks local playgoora have beon looking forward to tho visit of Mr. Walter Bontley, tho great Scotch tragedian, and at his initial performance last ovening in bhe Olympic H all, he was greeted with auch an audience aa rarely gathera within tho walls of any public building on tho gold field, ovety portion of tho hall boing nacked. Shakeanoaro's immortal ' Hamloh. Prince of Denmark,' Was produced, and although an attentive hearing was accorded to Mr. Bontley and his company, it was vory ovidont that the majority of thoBe present were not in touch with bho play. Spasmodic outbursts of applauao would sometimes break forth, but there was an absence of that foeling which ia gonerally displayed on a porfoct representation of this play of playB. Yet tho fault could not be laid at Mr. Bontloy's door for his interpretation of tho Prince w»b in every respect a masberly performance, and it would bo difficult to decide in which por tion he showed tho greater ability. It is hoc our lot to witness every day an actor of Mr. Bentley'a calibre, and his role of ' Hamlet' will probably live for some timo in tho memory of many of laat night's large audience. Miss Vivienne as 'Ophelia' divided the honors of the personation may truly be described aa almost faultless, the ' mad scene' being especially realistic. The part of 'Gerbrude, Queen of Denmark,' waa ably undertaken by Miss Lawrence who invested the character with a dignity befitting its regal ownor. Her consort ' Claudius, tho King,' was also finely represented by Mr. E. B. Russell. Mr. Mario Majoroni proved a sub stantial ghost and his sepulchral tones were audible in ever part of the hall. As ' Horatio,' the friend of Hamlet, Mr. A. M. Seaton was very successful, aa also was Mr. L. M'Gowan as ' Polonius.' Mr. H. R. Roborts gave a good delineation of ' Laertes, son of Polonius,' and in tho comparatively minor part of' Osrio,' Miss Watson gave a ploasing rendition. The churactor of ' First player,' was under takon by Mr. W. Henry, and those of tho two courtiers, ' Rosencrantz ' and ' Guild ernBtern' by Messrs. E. Cria *nd H. Stoneham respectively, all acquitting thorn solves with crodit. Tho other characters woro well filled, und the play throughout ran with remarkable smoothness. Tho droaaea worn by several members of tho company were gorgeous and added con siderable effect to the performance, while tho orchestra, porformed wibh good effect This evening Bulwer Lybton's historical play of 'Richelieu ' will be presented, the title role of course being sustained by Mr. Bentloy. His interpretation of tho crafty Cardinal is said to be one of his greatest creationa. To-morrow will be the laat night of the soaton, when a grand double bill— comedy and farce— will be presonted. Tho performance will opon with 'David Garrick' and will bo followed by ' Oramond Brig,' in both of which pieces Mr. Bentley will appear. In one of the intervals during the oven ing, the Rev. E. H. Whitehouse ascendod tho stage and announced that Mr. Bentley had kindly consented to give a matinee performance to-morrow afternoon for the benefit of tho Oongrogational Church, whon would be proaonted 'The Silent Woman' aud scones from ' Rob Roy,' and Mr. Bentloy would rooito ' Tho Dream of Engeno Aram.' The announcement was received with cries of 'Tho proceeds ought to bo given to tho hospital,' and on tho word ' hospital ' being repeated by someone in the audienco hearty applause broke out. 