MAKKABEL COURSING GHGTS. * 'J3 The MarrabdOonrring Club held their fir»t^ meeting on September 37 and 38, on 2b. £ DuttanVi Anlaby Estate, kindly laut by Mr. ' | Duttonforthe occasion. The weather E'''r *$ beautifully 6ne, and the lovely drive toroqgti i'-t the hills to the ground, tempted oat 'a aoojl 1 number of the fair sex, and about iaOadnuren^ of die longtails. Great praise is due to-riS''!! committee (writes our oomepona'ant) for die Jl energetic wsv in which thev wnrinri tn m»W$!2 the meeting a Eacoeas, sad aba to ^B.jadB^M Mr. S. Dawson, jun., for the fair and ? impartial manner ia woieh he carried out his duties, giving general ?aba- . faction. The first pair of doge In tile *' slips were Mr. DermodyVi Strike aad Mr. - O'Dea's Klllaloe. Strike led op and getting ? on his bare eome very fast work «asusd, ana C in the end Strike beat Eillaloe with earn* - thing to spare. In a long gratEing course '.? Iiubra showed her superior atayiagpewersanoL '' gained the fiag from Gipsy Maid. Black Bees '^ did all the work, leading up and beating Bine ?'' T»U aU the way. Irom a very short a^€3l| '-~ Hicks was first on *he bare, bat Sector - ?' O'HaUoratfeame with a ruth »nd gained file - flag. In a verj evm contest Darkie jus* r managed to beat Fire King by a point. Trom -' a long slip Lord Harry beat Black Boy, bolh J. dogB pinning very cunning, gfflwqg. getting - ^ away first took complete commaad, beating' - Flying Cloud, from a chart elip Marlflyfe ? ? Ghost beat Fly. GaUee Boy and lYaetware -- slipped to a very weak hare; Gsltee Boy led ''' from die slips and killed before Meet had a * '- chanoe to score. First Ties.— Strike beat tubra, Black Pras ?' beat Hector O'Halloran, Darkia beat Ijord '' Harry, Marley'e Ghost beat Robina, inof Galtee Boy a bye. Second Tie*. — Black Pus beat Strike,; Darkie beat Madey'e Ghoat, and Galbee Boy '.-; Third Ties.— Black Posi beat Darkie aad ' Galtee Boy a bye. ? ' ' - , Deciding Coarse.— Mr. Delay's Galtee Boy, - pedigree unknown, beat Mr. S. ConnorV' Bleck Pass, by Electric Nell, and ma the - Btake. ? -j 