CATASTROPHE AT THE OASINO. \- T NATEIAN D. UnrJB. Not long after the Casino of the Central Park was first thrown open to the public, three persons regularly visited its refresh ment saloons, who were not long in exciling observation by their remarkable conduct. They never spoke a syllable, butwere cer tainly not deaf, because the waiter's spoken announcement of the expense incurred was acknowledged by immediate payment. If dumb, they used no signs of the hands, or otherwise, to communicate with each other. Their demeanor was invariably of the deepest gloom They appeared to take no pleasure in the food they ate, though consisting of the most delicate and tempting viands, but devoured it with the mechanical coldness of phantoms or ghouls.. All were clothed in the deepest, richest black. The faces of all were utterly devoid of color ; that of the lady was very pretty, though she wee no longer young, and possessed of a figure inclined to embons point. Of course the appearance of this singular trio regularly once or twice a week through an entire season, at such a fashionable resort, could not fail to command curiosity and attention. They came to be known among the clerks and other attendants as the three ghouls of the Casino, and many were the speculations as to who they were, and what was the meaning of their singular demeanor. At last there camea catastrophe. It was a lovely afternoon, and the Casino was thronged. And then the three strangers began to adopt a most novel mode of lan guage. They began to hiss at each other as if possessed by a multitude of poisonous ser pents. Their eyes blazed like basilisks; their teeth glittered through their shrunken lips, and still they hissed and hissed with the fury of fiends. They were instantly surrounded by a wondering crowd, members of which could not forbear exclaiming; " Shame I shame I" at such an unnatural exhibition of serpen tine spite and malevolence. But the three beings thus unfortunately possessed only hissed the louder, and ac companied their sibilatione by fierce and threatening gesticulation. The lady appeared more furious than either of her companions. She hissed away like a pythoness, and her face, usually so cadaverous in hue, glowed like the illumi nated rind of a "Jack-o'-Lantern. "Is she mad 7" "Are they all crazy?" " Send for an officer 1" and similar ejacula tions fell from the lips of the wondering and horrified spectators; but without any effect upon the snake-filled strangers. At last the men worked themselves into a fiendish rage, and sprang to their feet. One of them drew a knife, and before he could be prevented, thrust it into the bosom of his opponent. A cry of horror rang through the saloon; but this was changed to one of wonder at the conduct of the wounded man. Ise simply drew his coat over the hilt of the dagger, which still remained quivering in his breast, buret into a low, sardonic laugh, and strode from the building as if he were unhurt. But, before he departed, the only words that had ever been heard to proceed from the mysteirous trio fell from his lips. "Fiends l" he hissed; "by the serpent spell that governs us all, I will yet behauant ye both I Farawell I Ye may have destroyed my body, but the cobra-spirit in my nature will follow you on, and poison ye for ever 1" He vanished, and those who followed him to the door instantly lost sight of him, as though he had melted into thin air. A storm of triumphant hisses from the remaining pair was their only reply to the imprecation of their defeated fellow; and then they resumed some wine they had been discussing, and became as ombre and silent as ever. "Seize the murderer I Bun for a police. man " cried the now thoroughly recited crowd, gathering around with threatening gestures, which, however, had no effect upon the pair. Apoliceman was summoned. He happened to be of the ultra-phlegmatic and mattcr of fact variety, who are in the habit of taking everything easily. After hearing the story of the desperate stabbing, and the sudden evaporation of the murdered man, he regarded the remaining man and woman - with considerable non chalance, and remarked : "Looks to me like a regular bilk. Msurdered men don't slope out of eight with knives sliaking in their hearts. No need of a row about nothing." He walked leisurely off, much to the dis satisfaction of the crowd; and the silent man,with hissilent partner, coolly finished their wine, paid for it, and departed for their carriage, as had been their custom. Those who witnessed their departure averred that from the depths of the myster ious coach there was heard to issue low and multitudinous hisesings, as from a whole nest of wrangling serpents. As the gentleman and lady continued their regular visits to the Casino, the absence of their whilom companion confirmedmany in the conviction that the murder had been no sham, but an actual and frightful tragedy; and the pair were regarded with growing suspicion and dread. One day, when they were sitting at the table they usually occupied-as far apart from the rest as possible-a sudden resump tion of the hissing sounds instantly rivetted upon-them the most intense and anxious scrutiny. But this time the hisses were neither fierce nor loud. They were low, tremulous, and hesitating, as of snakes in terror and pain. The ghost of the murdered man glided into the light of the spacious doorway, and stood motionless for an instant, giving utterance simply to a low, sardonic sibilation, which curdled the blood of all who heard, and caunsed the guilty couple to cower and shud der in abject horror. The ghost was attired precisely as when last beheld in the saloon, The dagger remained plantedin his breast. He pointed to it with amoveless finger, and then glided forward without a sound. The tableau might have reached even a more ghastly extremity had not a personage at this moment strolled in, for aboms the supernatural, or its imitations, had but scanty terrors, This was the phlegmatic officer. " What's this tom-foolery " he blandly remarkad; at the same time giving the hideous phantom a slap on the back which made a mundane bhing of him in the twinkl ing of an eye. The man of unpoetio phlegm then plucked the dagger from the phantom's breast, and sent him reeling back from a punch in the ribs with his stalwart elbow. " Now, bleed to death, if you willl" he exclaimed, with savage cruelty. "You see, ladies and gentlemen,"he continued,holding up the murderous poinard, and working it with his hands; "didn't I tell you how it was all a bilk. This is a trick dagger, whose blade rune into the hilt, and that vagabond was never hurt a bit." A cry of rage burst from the crowd who had been so egregiously sold, and a move ment was made toward the "phantom " and his friends, thelatterof whom had arisen and began to hiss anew. " No more of that I" acried the officer, swinging his club, angrily. "Speak out, or come to the lookup I" They understood his gesture, if not his words; and straigthaway those mysterious and thoughtless ones began to speak Frach at a rate that would have alarmed an ari y of Germans. SWho understands their linoo ?" roared the officer, clapping his hands to his ears. A little dapper gentleman, pale with trepidation, came forward and explained, in broken English. that he was the agent of the gentleman and lady, who were French moontebanks (renowned artists, he called them), whom he had brought over to this country. Pending their appearance at' a certain Bowery establishment, he had adopted this innocent mode of enhancing their importance, intending to make a regular newspaper expose shortly before their legitimate appearance, and tbus insure over whelming houses. This explanation was made under such ludicrous terror, that the good humor of the majority of the throng was thoroughly re etored, and the discomfited acrobats and sword swallowers, with their little agent, were suffered to depart unmolested; but there were many who remembered, with no degree of satisfaction, how completely they ,al been "solu" in the Casino, 