MY CUP- DREAM. AND HOW I DREAMED IT. SOMNIFEROUS EPICURISM. For Ins dreams, I wonder bo's eo simple To trust the mockury of unquiet slumbers. riuoahd ur.,2. My friend Kollywhack and I registered a solemn oath, aworn on a cony of tho Stud Book, that wo would alvino tho winner of tho Oup by supernatural means. " Look hern, Buster," said Kellywhauk lo mo, "why should all thoso twopormy halfpenny boumlors ouo reads about have dreams about thu Cup and go aud wtu for tunes on It while we toll our way to success or failure by tho laborious and unreliable method ol studying tho weights , observing form and rcadioe the ravings of the sporiiug prophets. It ain't fair, Buster; aud, what Is more, it ain't sensible, Uero aro we, fully fledged members of the Victerian Society for tho Promution of Psychical Research; and if wo can't get a Cup winner by tlio adventi tious aid of tho spooks in whoso interests wn toil, all I tan say is that wo havu Dsid our half-guinea aabacriptiona to no good pur- poae. Anyway, ou purely scientific grooudo, to say nothing of the poxsiblo benefit that may accnio to our own pockets, ie dous seem to mo that wo ought to do our hsst." " I quite agree with you," 1 replied, "bat what do you propose to do ?" V WeU," ho said, " I am goiug to a series of spiritualistic seancas to try and get tho winner of the Cup that way, and what I sugcasfe to you, for yuur part, is that yon tioaid do yoar best lo dream sho Cop winner. Uow dooa that striko you t" "Kcliywhack," I void, falliug on bis breast, "you are a noble fellow, andtyour plan does great credit to tbo talent for Ingenuity that all yoar friends dlsosnt in you. Only you have taken ths easiest job on yourself. How oan I dream a Gap winner t A man can't draam at will, what bo will and when ho will," "I doaVaoa any inapsMbU-dtflanity- about this onse," my friend replied. " All that you Lave got lo do is to diet yoursolf. for the purpose, and fix your mind ou what you want to dream about. For inntanco, a salad of tan and grass, with a chunk of Wcstcott'spatent compressed fodder, tsnen just before going to bud, ounht to nrouuco a dream rasyof thu turf, so to speak." "I think tho dish you suggest would be anextrcnio measure," I answered gravely; "hut still, I soo your point, and I fancy thcro is something in it. Diet aud mental application ought to produco a Cup ! dream." We therefore sottie'l it that Kellywhack should resort to thn medinms, and that I should go in resolutely for drcamioe ; and thcro we left tho matter. In order that you may understand why I acted in n manner that, to one who has not studied the subjoct, may appear to havo boon extremely foulirii, it is necessary for mo to explain the theory of dreams from tbo point of view of my philosophy. Tlio unseen world around us Is full of entities, invisible to tho physical eye, but Uiscovcrabio by qualified mediums, which aro known to Htuduuto ol tho super-normal as " EleiucnUUs." These entitles are pos sessed of a low form of brute iutelhgcacu. Theyaro generally influences for evil, and ato continually struggling to cxcrciRe themselves upon human beings. It U by entities of this kind thai dreams about borso races aro nearly always caused. Some of tho entities inspire their human victims with a drink passion ; others induce to various furms of vice, and yet others are gambling spooks, which tnay havo the power of knowing before the event what horse is l'oiuu to will a race, aud, ns they are not' able to gamble themselves, influence a human being in the dream state to stake all he has got on a horse. This I believo to be the real explanation ol all racing dreams such as that , of which wo read in Tub Hhilvld a lew day# ago, when a City clerk namud Sims drew nut of the bauk every penny ho had got in tho world, and pat it on Sainfoin, who ho had dreatnod wcnld win tho Caulficld Cup. His advisory cutiiy was quite right, aud Mr Sims won nearly L3000. A strong, fixed mind Is a powerful magnot. To attract to myself, in tho dream state, an outity that would inform me of tho winocr of tlio Cup I had first of all to set my mind on it— lo will it with all my might; and, secoutlly, to prepare tho ncccs3ury mental and physical condition ior recciviug n vision ou tho Cup. You sco I wautod— (1). to dream ; and (2), to muko iho needful sportivo spook comu to mo in the dream. I reasoned tlmt I couhl nmusgu il) by late suppers of a selected kind ; aud (2) by force of will. The suciont Gaels, you know, used to dcoidu who should load their armies by dreams. Tho different candidates retired "cacti lo Ids hill of ghosts to pass tho night, and ho to whom a vision appeared was appointed the leader." You may bet yonr bottom dollar that 'those candidates nto suitable suppers boforo departing to the lull of gbosls. Aud now to toll you what came of It. " Rophnuus sativus," commonly known as horseradish, secmod to me to ho tho sort o! th.ng one ought to eat to got up a uream about a homo race. A couple of stioks of borso radish, a pound of umlsrJotie pork ehops, mealy potatoes and new bread, ougiu, I thought, to inako a supper fit to raise visions of tno most equestrian character. Next to oallnc horseflesh, which I could not bring myself to fancy, this appeared the beat possible food., t 1 waited till my wife bad gone to hsd, nnd did not tell bur anything about it, because sbo is such a practical, everyday sort of person, and would only have flushed at my endeavors to win wealth for her in this way. I had all the necessary viands iu u bug, and, with tho aid of Mrs Bsoton's Cookory Book, I thought I could manago to prepnro my nocturnal meal iu the gas stove. Aud it was really very nico. 1 just browned the chops, scraped thu two sticks of bprseradisti and ato tba lot. It was a lurge meal, but I got through It. Thou I went to bud, X couldn't sleep. for along wliilo. I lay and thought about borsa races uud big fortunes made on the turf, and tossed about thu bod, first on my right side and then on my left, till I woke np my wife. She said, " What on earth is tho matter with you, Georgo! Why don't you go to sleep f" < " Oh, it's all right, dear," I replied, "I'm ouly a bit restloss." I was restless ; thoro can bo no doubt about it. I began to think tho pork chops wuro having a raoo with tbo horse radish round and round my inside. 1 dozed off gradually and baguu to dream— oh! 1 did dream! I suppose it was tho nuw bread, but anyhow, I drcamod that I was swclliog and extending to alarming proportions — growiuc bigger and biuger, and rounder and rounder every moment, till I became a balloon. I could see myself, in my dream, with my stomach forming tiie bulk of tbo balloon, my watch chain hanging across the front, and my boots dangling below whore tlio baskot generally hangs. Then 1 dreamed that several other balloons csino along, ull of them madu ol peupio I know. I remember sayiug to myself, 'Hullo, ihcso Johnnies have also been having pork chops aod horseradish end new bread I" There was Kellywhack— I could seu him diHtinctly— ho is 'inclined to bo etoutish ; and Bluckwell, in a bulged- out wliite-wuistcost, all covered witii gold medilt ; and WnUtoad, with his whito moustacboaud benevolent hair standing out witb picturesque distinctness over tlio top of hi» halloa), and his logs kicking vigorously below ; and Lay, blown out to a preposterous slzo, and careering along through apace at a puce that rnado mo giddy. Thon it icomod to mo that wu all had a racu, starting from thu corner of Collini and Swunstou streets, but somehow I wont flop un to tlio pinuaots of tho the tower of Dr. Bofhn's Church, when my balloon gavo a loud pop, and I fell to tho earth with a thud. "Good craeious, Georgo, what aro you doing?" cried my wife. "Got up, da. You've fall ea out ol bed. Whatever is wroug with you," 1 could only groan. felt «o bad. I hudu't drcamod my Oup druatn yet. It bad not been a complete success, but I bad got bones into tho dream, and that was an iminciiso step forward. I folt suro that I should triumph tho third timo, Tito spooks woru ouly having their Uitio jokos witb uiu. 1 twisted tuy wlfu's entreaties to como to bod early, as, I said, I bad Imporatlvo work to do. I hod, as a fact, beou to tbo Gafo Doaat, and had had prepared an elaborate mayonnntioof crayfish. I boro this homo iu triumph, witii n boitloof pickled onions, a tin of salmon and ibrco oyster patties. 1 ato most of tho supper. My power ot swallowing failed me, ao ihat I could not manage tho lot, but I mado snre to cat quite enough to support a dream. I did dream, sure euough. I saw a race course. Thcro wcro many people there ; a mighty host of folks It seemed, nnd I atood fu aprouilnout place, down by tho judgo's box. AU the pooplo wcro straining their eyes down tho uouno and wore watching tbo raco that was now in progress. I saw a flash of vivid colors away dowu tho track, and baord ovurybody shouting various names. "Sainfoin," "Oamoola," "Tim Swlvellcr," "MaIvoIIo," "Sailor Trinco," "Tbo .Admiral." Theso ware aomo of tbo names I caught. X - saw tho colors coming nearer and nearer, and the shooting boostpo mora and mora deafening. 1 strained my eyes to distinguish, not the animals, because I did not know one from toolbar, bat tb» colors, so that I might know wt»-X bad dmmod' as having men .by ihe j attire of the wmahu; jockey. pf(!. j thoro was « tiiuiiipiny 0f tho turf, and tiie whole tiehi , . I past tiie post "in a heap," ' saying cues. I could not dhling, WyrJ color in particular in tho guaemi ,rilll j , " held. So I turned to the judceaad y " Cuu you tell mo what hurra »on | He was a croggy.looklng man, with 1 1' Host and » yugar-loaf forehead ; lomc called him Mr Sloner, others, more fami" with bun, called him Ally or "old cock." I answer to my question ho turned to tn- arid " Don't he a hlootuioe fool," 'riVf, replied, "Iain "ofcafonl;onljwaijlioki3t whnt horse won." Whereupon he and cried, " Well, blow me tight, ht%? juggius as don't know a donkov from or..!; " What I" I laM, "Do you wis.t toiniult me?" " W|„, lio you tl.iuk you Imvo b.c. ivii„c„lc'V' ho askf-rl. " Tho .Melbourne Cup," , IIo lituphcd lotlilly ot this and oa|d( u \y, you bulled, Ibis iotiio W.nKdoodlil)0oV,r; Race: thu Melbourne Cup was ran .Bo, and tbe.o 'cro iiiokeo or, n.mtd oumo ol tbo 'oroM." Tlun," 1 u|J, you toil mo what bono did win tbo Cono Now, wot d'ye lake me lor!" he rcma.ki " lWtcotno lioronaokin'nf ,jlly \ on should read tho 'Kiui.d, aud you'd known all the noos." , ' Just then tho winning oss wine trottlo. dowu tho track, and, aeciug me, daqj across, turned full sttrn on, and, lifti0» his hoofs behind, kicked me banc io nj face. I cried aloud— and found that I htj got up and knocked my face acaion n, corner of tha bedpost, whilst my wife Wu laughing at me satirically. I did not try agaiu. I told Kollywhotk how I hfcl got on, ntid wo agreed that it wu cvidcut that I had encountered % ipookwuij a turn for practical joking. The dreams cim» all right, but were not exactly of ths riiLi sort. Tho worstof It was that K«llywhSck like a fool, went and tnld u,y wft' all about it. She has bought ono of. tho-, miserable organelles that you grind with » handle, putting lu a piece of punctured card, board for each tiine you' want. The bmth thing only plays such tunes as " Gome whtrs my lovo hei dreaming," "Sweet drcamUai faces," " I rise from dreams of thee," ltd "I dreamt that I dwelt in marble halts.' It may bo a coincidence, but ly half susp-ct that my wife aclocts dream tunes on pnrpoie. She sings dream songs sod rectus d-« "Dream of Eurcuo Arun she premie to road Boldrswood's novel, " Thc.Squitttr', Draam," and never lets mo cat I»le rapped 1 don't say anythiog hut I fed it deeply. 