THE House on the Marsh CHAPTER III. Continued. HE said nothing, did not even smile at my crestfallen look ; but he took up his stand in front of me, giving me a fine view of his profile against the dark sky. Every min ute of this awkward silence was making it more difficult for me to think of something t0 '"a wish it would leave off," I remarked stupidly at length. " Are you in such a hurry to get back tp. the Alders? It is no drier there than it is here." , , "But at least one can change ones boots." , . i * m\ " "Have you got your feet wot/., way, yon have on little toy town-boots, not fit to ?walk down a country-lane in ! You will be laid up with rheuinntio fever, or something of the kind," said he anxiously,, looking vaguely about him for dry boots. ^ it Qjjj j)o, no-they are much thicker than they look !" said 1. " It isn't that. But Mr. Rayner will be auxious." " Mr. Rayner ; and Mrs. Rayner, won t she be anxious too?" . "Oh, Mrs. Rayner is never anything! At least-I mean," said I, annoyed at hav ing spoken without thinking, aha is so re served that- " , , " That you like Mr. Rayner best? -Ob, yCjie drew himself.up rather coldly. " So do most ladies, I believe." «. One can't help liking a person who talks and laughs, and is, bright and kind,, better tliau one who never speaks, and glides about , like a ghost, and looks coldly at you if you speak to her,*' I burst out, apologetically at first, but warming into vehemence towards the cluos of my speech. " Pprbrips abe means to be kind, saia lie gontlv. .< Thon she ought to mnlce her mooning plainer. She can't think it is kind to fax her eyes upon me as if I were something not human, if I laugh; to give me her hand so coldly and unresponsively that it seems like a dead hand in mine, and at other times to take no more notice of me than if I were not there. Besides, she knows that it is the first time I have ever left home, and she must see sometimes- that I am not happy." ' Mr. Reade suddenly stooped towards me, and then straightened himself again just as suddenlv, without auy remark; but he eleurcd his threat. I remembered that I h«il no right to make this confession to a comparative stranger, and I added quickly " I" ought not to talk as if I were ill treated. I am not at all. If Bhe would only not be quife so cold 1" " Perhaps her own troubles are very lipnvv and hard to bear." . " Oh, no, they are not l" I replied con fidently. " At least, she has » kind hus band and a pretty homel and everything she can wish for. And I think it ie very selfiKh of her to give herself up to brooding ovnr the memory of her dead child, instead of trying to please her living husband." " Her dend child ?" " Yea. She bad a boy who died some years ago, ard she has nevor got over it. That is why she is so reserved." _ ? " Oh ! How long ago did this boy die ?" asked he in a curiously incredulous tone. " About five years ago,. I think Mr. Ray ner said." " Oh, then it was Mr, Rayner who told you ?" "Yes." " And Mrs. Rayner has never got over it?" , " No. It seems difficult to believe, doesn't it, that a brilliant woman who wrote books and was much admired should fade like tbat into a kind of shadow ? 1 wonder she doesn't write more books to divert her thoughts from brooding over the past." " Oh, sbe wrote books I Did she tell you bo herself?" " No-Mr. Rayner." " Oh ! Did Mr. Rayner tell you any more ?" . The irony iu his tone was so unmistak able that I hesitated and looked up at him inquiringly. ' , " I am sure he must have told you that he is a very ill-used mau and a very long suffering husband, and asked you to pity him. Didn't he, Miss Christie ? Ah, I see he did I" he cried. I could feel the blood rushing to my cheeks; but I was indignant at having to submit to this catechism. " Mr. Rayner never asks impertinent questions," I said severely. The young man drew back, and muttered " I beg your pardon," and, turniug to watch the rain, beyau to hum something without any tune to cover his discomfiture. I was sorrv directly ; but my dignity forbade my calling him back to retract the Bnub. Yet I was dying to know the reason of his violent prejudice agaiust Mr. Rayner. To mv relief, in a few minutes he came back to ine of his own accord. " Miss Ohrislie," he began uervously, " I am afraid I have offended you. Won't you forgjve tne for bring curried a li tl* too fur by rav interest in a lady wiio herself confessed tliat. she is away from lier fi ieuds for the first time ami not-very lnppy ?" I could uot resist such an Hppeal as that; I looked up smiling, with tears in my eyt-s. " Oh, I am not at all offended ! But I should like to' know what reason yon have fori thinking bo ill, as yon stem to do, of Mr. Rayner." : ' " Perhaps I am wrong. I really have no proof that he is anything but what he wishes every one to think hiro-a li^ht liearted accomplished man, of idle life and pleasant temper. It is not his fault that, with all his cleverness, his easo of manner is uot quite the ease of a gentleman." I was scarcely experienced enough to have found that out for myself. I considered for a moment, and then said rathor timidly " Won't you tell me anything more ? You can if you will, I think, and, alone in the world as I am, I want ail the knowledge I can get of the people I live among, to guide me in my conduct." He seemed to debate with himself for a moment; then he sat down beside me on the other shaft of the oart, and said very earnestly " Seriously, then, Miss Christie, I would advise you to leave the Alders as soon as you possibly can, even before you have got another engagement. You aro in the midst of more dangers than youcan possibly know of, more probably than I know of my self, more certainly than I can warn yon against." His voice was very low as he finished, and, while we both sat silent, he with bis eyes intently fixed.on my face, mine staring out fearfully at the sky, a dark figure sud denly appeared before us, blocking out the light. It was Mr. Rayner. Mr. Reade and I started guiltily. The uew-comer had ap proached so quietly that we had uot heard hiui had be heard us ? TO 312 CONTINUED. 