AN INJURED TWOMALN. Then ensued quiet times at Strathlone and in its ueighbourhood. Week after week and month after month went by and Poweisco'urt was without a mistress. Stephen Crawley, the agent, came down two'or-three. times to see that that the place was kept in order and to receive rents and pay wages, maintaining a strict reserve about the movements of hiss employer. Lady Clara believed her to be with Sir Beresford Blane, married to him in secret, and suffered all the tortures that hatred and jealousy inflict upon those who harbour such evil passions: Day by day her life grew more embittered, and her heart grew harder. She had been foiled in her first, niad, foolish attempt to take Rhoda's life by Lord Revaine, who had followed her that night, and come up in the nick of time, but the thirst for revenge still had a hold upon her. 'If she should return here with him,' she thought, 'I cannot tell what I may do.' The autumn came and passed, and winter robbed the earth of its glory. The trees yiel. ded to the chill air and dropped their leaves. Heavy clouds took possession of the sky, and sleet and snow were falling. Work in the fields was abandoned, and the darkest and dreariest time of the year had set in. The earl and his daughter and son were at Strathlone. The two former had never left it, and the latter had only been away for a month. Some little entertainment was going on in the county, but they took no part in it. The earl was too sad and Lady Clara too bitter to share in ordinary amusement. Lord Revaine did not care for it. He pre ferred shooting when it could be got, and failing shooting he indulged in ratting and other of the coarser sports in vogue. He was often about Powerscourt, where he has made Mrs. Playton's acquaintance, with the hope of getting some information about Rhoda, but he learnt nothing. The house keeper either would not or could not tell him anything. One bleak day in December he was com ing by the gates of Powerscourt Park. He had been down to the village to see a famous bull terrier which had come into the possession of the inn keeper there, and he was debating upon the advisability of purchasing it in his then state of funds, which was rather low. He was riding slowly, and his horse, with loose rein, was taking its own time to get home, when a closed carriage drove by and turned into the avenue. The old woman who kept the lodge courtesied as it went by, and he guessed the mistress of Powerscourt had returned. He asked the old woman if that were the case, and she answered in the affilrmative. 'Mr. Crawley,' she told him, ' telegraphed this morning to say that my lady was coming.' 'A short notice,' Lord Revaine remarked. 'Thet doesn't matter, mny lord,' the old woman said ; 'everything is ready, and my lady does not give much trouble at any time.' 'Why do you speak of her as ' my lady?' You used to call her ' mistress.' 'Mr. Crawley said we was to do it, and she is as good a lady as any hereabouts.' 'I wish we could all think so,' said Lord Revaine, as he gave the old woman half-a. crown. He took the news home, and dwelt particularly upon that part which referred to a change of title. Lady Clara as usual was furious. ' Will she dare to call herself Lady Suther land ?' she said. 'As a matter of mere daring,' Lord Revaine said, 'she would do anything, I think. She has plenty of real pluck.' ' It will be an indiscreet thing for her to do that,' earl remarked, ' and I am inclined to think that something ought to be done if she attempt it.' On the morrow there was more news, and this time Lady Clara's maid was the pur veyor of it. She too bad seen a carriage arrive at Powerscourt as she was going to see her dressmaker in the village, and in it was one occupant, whom she recognised as Sir Beresford Blane. His visit to Powerscourt was a very short one, for the girl saw him within an houi pess through the village again on his way to the station. I He was leaning back, as if to hide his face,' she said, ' but Mrs. Crigg. thought he was reading something.' All this was maddening to the angry, jealous woman, and the fever within her was increased when Rhoda suddenly left her home again. In three days it was whispered about that she and Sir Beresford were married and were coming to Powerscourt to reside there during the winter, but Lady Clara could gain no definite tidings of them. ' If he has married her,' she thought, ' she will naturally try to drag him here to flaunt her victory before me; but it shall be short lived, if I sacrificed my own body and soul in carrying out my just vengeance.' CHAPTER XXI. It was all true. Sir Blane had won his bride. He came at the end of the six months for his answer. Rhoda was prepared to say no. She did say it indeed, but was obliged to confess that it was for his sake, and be, who was no poor, feeble lover, won her over to recall the forbidding word. Such a lover could scarce have failed. All the power and pathos ofa life was poured into his last appeal, and it went direct to her heart, So the answer was reserved, and he left her to make arrangements for their union. They were soon complete, and Rhoda went to London to her sister's house, from which she was married. There was no attempt to conceal that much of the past. Rhoda frankly revealed her friends, and Sir Beresford gladly recognised them. He was interested In Jane and her baby-just two months old-and thought David Moore a manly fellow, but he made no great demonstration of friendship as Sir Archibald had done, and David liked him the better for it. 'I know, Sir Beresford,' he said, 'that you and Rhoda will live in a different sphere to that which Jate and I move in and I should be a fool to want to be dragged up to it, but if you can come and see. me sometimes \--;now and then when you are in town-we shalt be heartily glad to see you.' ' We shall not entirely desert you,' Sir Beresford said, 'and I think you speak like a sensible man.' A license was procured, and one morning early they were married at Higbgate Church. David gave the bride away, and they had breakfast afterwards at his house, and at his expense, as be insisted. 'You must give me that privilege,' he said, when Sir Beresford hinted at giving a cheque, 'I am doing well, and we can afford it.' Sir Beresford made a little return in the form of a coral necklace for baby, that David afterwards discovered was worth ten pounds, and with many good wishes on both sides the newly married pair went for a brief honeymoon to Ryde, On Rhoda there rested a happiness that was almost painful in its intensity. She had won a prize among men, a noble, handsome husband, with every quality that endears a man to a woman, And how fondly hIe cheri shed her I In every look and word and act hie showed how absorbed his whole nature was in hers, and tile first few days were a blissful dream from which Rhoda was ever :tearing site seould awake, It was not her wish but his that they went to Powersccurt. ' We will go and try what stuff these people are really made of,' he said, ' before we finally reject them.'. - 'I know the result,' Rhoda replied, with a sad'smile. 'They will ignore you.' 'Let them,' he said, gently; ' but perhaps the time may come when we shall be able to turn the tables.' So they went to Powerscourt, and were, as :RhodA said they would be, ignored. Not a living creature save Dr. Lawson came near them. Even the vicar allowed his sacred post to be forgotten 'in the duty he owed to society,' but he wrote to say that the Powers. court pew was the third from the pulpit on the left-bhand side, and it was availrble for the owner of the house. ' I do not think we will avail ourselves of his offer just yet,' Sir Beresford said. 'You have never been there.' 'Only once when my father was buried,' Rhoda replied. ' We will go by-and-bye perhaps,' said Sir Beresford, significantly, and then both laughed, Notwithstanding their being tabood, cut or what you may pleased to call it, they were very happy:. Powerscourt and its surround ings formed an Arcadia to them in spite of thee bill air and the leafless woods. They rode or, drove in the morning, and if the ' upper 'ten,' the possessors of ' blue blood,' ignored theni the other classes gave them a greeting and a wecolme. The Powerscourt tenants doffed their hats, and their wives honoured them with the modern salutation of their class, something between a bow and a courtesy, and all the poor called out 'God bless you, my lady !' for Rhoda had been kind to them, and what the proud people chose to say of her was no business of theirs. The aftenoon was spent in lounging and reading. Sir Beresford was fond of his cigar, and Rhoda would not have him sacri fice his tobacco, and he was perfectly will ing to.do. She insisted upon his smoking in her boudoir. 'Which will entail its being fumigated when we receive our grand company,' he said. So the time passed merrily until the dinner hour, when both dressed as if they had guests to receive, and enjoyed a recherche' meal, undisturbed by the fact of their being the only two people in the magnificent dining room. Then Rhoda adjourned to the drawing room, where they read and talked or sang to each other-the voice of Sir Beresford was a splendid baritone-and so wrapped Time in roses till the day was spent, Neither desired any addition to their lot both were happy. There was moreover no revelation to fear, for, there was now no secret between them-Rhoda had told all. He knew the best and the worst of her, more than the reader knows at present, and he was satisfied with his bargain. Sir Beres ford Blane could not have given up his little wife for an empress and all her worldly glory. 'Is it to last ?'.he asked one night, as Rhoda after singing came and sat by his side near the fire. ' Will there be no break in our joy, no clouds upon our bliss ?' 'If they are to come why anticipate them ?' Rhoda asked. 'I have no wish to meet sorrow half way, he said, 'but I cannot resist a growing con viction'of our existence being too smooth, too perfect for mortal life, I, who have al ways laughed at love-----' 'Always I' interposed Rhoda, holding up a pretty fore-finger. 'You forget what you told me of your first passion.' ' That was not true love,' be answered, but to please you I will say: Ever since that time I have smiled at the rosy god and set him down as a poor, vapid creature.- Now that I have grown wiser-' ' Yotir wisdom coming with years,' ':Yes, little woman'. yes, I cannot sufficiently pity my former blindness.' 'If you had seen in years gone by we had never met. 'I never thought of that, darling ; but, oh, the joy, the contentment when two souls are really bound together. The gate's ajar, and we catch a glimpse of Heaven.' ' My dear love,' was all Rhoda said, as she laid her head upon his shoulder with a look that was often upon her face now, the look of one who has travelled long and wearily and found a haven at last. Will it last ? That was the question Sir Beresford asked and the answer was nearer than he expected. Perfect and unbroken joy are not things of this world, and already the dreaded break was advancing. Christmas had come and passed, and the first day of the new year broke fine, with a clear, frosty air. To breathe it was to inhale new life, and Sir Beresford was up at a com paratively early hour to look through the stables and order horses for an early morn ing ride. He left Rhoda in her dressing-room humming an air that he had sung on the previous eve, a song from sunny Italy of a husband who went out one day. and returned at night to find his wife dead. I would not sing that, Rhoda,' he said, 'it is so mournful. I cannot think what in duced me to"revive it, I had forgotton it for years.' ' It is mournful, but very sweet,' Rhoda replied, 'and after all, why should I not sing It ? Are you superstitious ?' ' I will not even think of it if you object.' 'No, Rhoda, that would be absurd. Sin3 what you will, and it shall always be sweet to me.' So he left her singing it, and went to the stables, where he summoned Tom Piper to his presence. Tom was as devoted to the baronet and he was to.his mistress. In his opinion there was no other pair like them in the wild world. ' What are we to ride today, Piper ?' Sir Beresford asked. ' How is the roan mare?' 'She has a slight cold, Sir Beresford,' Tom replied, 'but Pericles and Maude are both fit and well, and they want exercise.' \- Bring them round to the door at nine o'cloclk.' ' Am I to attend you, Sir Beresford ?' Yes.' The baronet was moving away slowly, looking about him in the way men have of looking over a stable yard, when Tom, after a little hesitation, ran after him, and, touch ing his forehead, said: 'Askting your pardon, Sir Beresford, but I should like to speak to you about another matter.' ' Anything wr'ng, Piper ?' 'Not with the stables, Sir Beresford-but -do-you think, Sir Beresford, that there's any cause to be afeard o' burglars about here ?' 'I should think not. We are almost too far away front a town,' SOr ghosteses ?' 'No. I think we have less cause to fear them. Why do you ask ?' \Well, Sir Beresford,' said the groom, 'I've heard something moving about the place for the last night or two, and the dogs have barked and whined a goodish bit.' 'You should have got up to see what it was.' 'S So I did, sir, but I saw nothing, although I could hear what was like footsteps,' 'And you found nothing ?' 'Only this handkerchief--an old silk one-but it may ha' been dropped long ago, fon you see it's got the name of Mister Ardant on it. The gentleman as was agent here, sir,' 'Give me that handkerchief,' said Sir Beresford, quietly. ' Ah ! I see it is no doubt one of Mr. Ardant's. IIe may write for it. Before you look to the horses run over to Dr. Lanson's and ask him to stop at home until I call upon him this morning. I will do so for a moment as I ride past. What's that ?' A sound like the crack of a huge whip echoed in the clear air, and master and man both with a sudden fear upon them, stared at each other. 'What was it, Piper?' 'It sounded-like-I don't know what, Sir Beresford-unless it was that toy pistol that I've seen Mister Ardant shoot at bits o' paper with. He used to often amuse himself that way.' 'And he was a good shot?' 'Dead and sure, Sir Beresford.' Ridiculing a fear that took possession of him, but unable to shake it off, Sir Beresford hurried from the stable yard, returning to the house by way of the grounds in front. -No living creature was to be seen, and at the bottom of the terrace steps he paused to breathe. ' My love has made me nervous,' he said. 'A fear of losing it is the penalty of being the possessor of a rich and rare treasure.' He turned his eyes in the direction of the breakfast-room, and saw that the window was open. It had been closed when he left the house. 'Rhoda is waiting for me,' he thought, 'and has set it open to invite me in that way.' He ascended the steps, and, facing about, saw the figure of a woman lying stretched upon the terrace. There was no mistaking that dear, familiar form-it was Rhoda, and, with a cry of horror, he ran forward and raised her in his arms. Her form was without visible signs of life, and her face was white and cold. The small, slender hands hung lifelessly' down, and a dark red stain upon the breast dis figured the otherwise spotless morning robe she wore. For a moment he was dazed and stupefied, and then his clear voice rang out in a cry for help that was heard by all in Powerscourt, CHAPTER XXII, Tom Piper, the groom, was first upon the scene, and he saw Sir Beresford, with a face so clothed in despair tha the hardly recognised him, holding his fair youn gwife in his arms so horror-stricken, unnerved by the discov ery he had made that after the cry he uttered he stared straight ahead, seemingly unable to form any plan of action. 'What's the matter, Sir Beresford ?' the groom asked. ' Is my lady ill?' And then his eyes dropping down to her, he saw the dark stain, and shuddering, drew back a pace. ' Who's murdered her ?' he hoarsely asked ' I don't know,' said Sir Beresford ?' wearily passing a hand across his brow. 'Oh ! it is you, Piper. Run for doctor Lawson. I I-shall be clearer and better presently. Don't stop. Mrs. Playton is coming, and she will help me.' Tom was in his shirt sleeves, but without thinking of getting a coat, he dashed off. Mrs. Playton and two of the servants appeared shaking with alh.rm, but Sir Beresford had recovered his presence of mind as quickly as he had lost it, and bade them be calm. ' I do not think she is dead,' he groaned ' for I can feel the beat of her heart against mine. Oh, God! how shall I live without her ? Who could be demon enough to commit such a crime as this ? Don't ask any questions but help me to bear her in. Gently, gently I One of you draw up a coach to the fire and close the window. That is right.' They laid her down and he knelt beside her holding her hand and gazing into the quiet, pallid face with all the yearning of his noble heart in his look. Mrs. Playton stood by with hands clasped in maze of wonder ment, and the two servants stood near the door with their eyes distended and every limb trembling. 'Get some warm water, and sponge, and some liniments, ' Sir Beresford, said as he rose. ' The bleeding is increasing and must be stopped. ' The increase is a good sign, Sir Beresford, ' Mrs. Playton softly said. I believe it is, ' he said. He opened her dress and laid bare the wound, a small bullet hole just below the right breast, dangerous without a doubt, and very probably fatal. The hot water was brought, and having washed away the greater part of the stain he covered the wound with wadding. Rhoda opened her eyes and gazed dreamily about her until she recog nised him, and her lips expanded into a smile. ' Oh, my darling, ' he whispered. ' Thank Heaven for this mercy.' * Have I been ill ?' she asked and the pain caused her to shudder and turn faint. Mrs. Playton placed a powerful vinaigrette bottle to her nostrils now and she revived a little. SDo not talk, ' Sir Beresford said,' 'You remember all now, darling, but be assured the misrceant shall be brought to justice. 'I only remember going out by the win dow,' she answered, faintly. 'A bright flash blinded me, and I knew no more.' 'You saw nobody ?' 'No. I was looking back towards the room, thinking I heard your footstep near the window.' Nothing more was said until the doctor came. Sir Beresford knelt by her, holding her hand and occasionally kissing it while his mind wandered from her to the author of the crime. Doctor Lawson came up in hot haste, pre ferring to use his own limbs to those of his methodical trotting cob. He was out of breath, but he lost not a moment nor wasted time in surmise questions. His examinaton was soon made, and alter a few words to Rhoda, bidding her compose herself and not think her life at all in peril, he lelt Mrs. Playton for a few moments in charge and retired with Sir Beresford. ' Well, what am I to expect ?' the baronet asked, looking him straight in the face. ' I will tell you more when I have found the bullet,' was the answer, 'Is there any danger?' 'There always is in cases of this descrip. tion.' ' li is not a hopeless case?' 'At present no, but I shall at once make an attempt to extract the bullet, unless you prefer sending for more experienced aid,' 'I kuow no one whom I would so fully trust.' 'Thank you, Sir Beresford. Now I must have all but Mrs. Playton out of the room for a good half.hour. Go to the library and wait for me there.' Sir Beresford was a soldier and he knew the value of obedience to superiors. Dr. Latsson was his superior at that time, and he obeyed him without a demur. For half an hour he paced up and down the room with fury and grief in his heart. 'I forgave the fellow for his attack upon me,' he muttered again, and again, ' but this I will have avenged. I will avenge it my. self if the law fails.' He caught sight of Tom Piper, still coat less, wandering up and down restlessly in front of the house. Tom in his way was as distraught as his master. Sir Beresford beckoned to him to come in. ' Piper,' said Sir Beresford, how long will it take you to go to the police station at Comleyford-you will ride, of course ?' ' If I can have Pericles, Sir Beresford, I can do it in an hour,' he replied. ' Take what you horse please. Say what has happened, and bring here the best officer you can get, or more than one if they will spare them.' Tom was off in three minutes, galloping along at a furious pace on the turf by the road side. He was a good and faithful servant, and even in that dark hour of trouble thought of the legs of the valuable horse he bestrode. Same grooms are not so careful when they ride out to give the horses exercise, Dr. Lawson was only a few minutes over his time and he appeared with very grave face. SHereis the bullet,' he said, producing a small leaden bullet from his waistcoat pocket. 'Fortunately it kept in a straight direction.' ' But Lady Blane, what news ?' asked Sir Beresford, impatiently. ' She has fallen asleep, and we shall know what to think when she awakes. I have great hopes.' 'You speak as you feel ?' ' Most assuredly. Will you look at this bullet ?' SIs there anything remarkable in it?' Sir Beresford inquired, as he. received it in his palm. ' It was moulded in some private house in an old mould I should say,' the doctor re plied. 'You'see there is aslight flaw in it, which you would hardly find in anything a gunsmith turns out now-a-days. It is a mere pimple scarce perceptible at first, but the mould it was cast in could be sworn to.' 'I have better evidence than that,' Sir Beresford said, drawing out Mat Ardant's handkerchief. ' Look at that. It was found in the grounds this morning, and the name you will find in the corner.' The doctor examined it, but did not seem to be much impressed. ' The finding of a handkerchief,' he said, 'does not necessarily cast murder upon a man. I do not think that Ardant could be guilty of such a crime.' 'You forget he rode me down.' ' Ay, to be sure. But that was a different thing. Man to man you know.' 'He was madly and hopelessly in love with Lady Blane,' Sir Beresford said. 