"Glen-Eden." fou J. tv, ca^KXKanAu. FAIR sunny Unci now thon art tree, Give forth your gratiludo. Send forth tlio bounties nT your soil, tear up your oak-tro.c wood. Send forth your sweetest singing-birds. To give unto us praise ; Roll on thou babbling littlo brook, Send forth your merry lays. Yon house that stands upon the hill, With nnd Imii jhfy head, With piida can boast an ancient name ; A name which ne'er is dead I 1,1 For " Erlf.n " is an anciont name, And doubtloss "glens " contained, So nevermore can we e'er wish In bonds llnu it remained. The name is thousand yoars of ago, But doubtless not the placo ; For see it has above the door A name of modern grace. And Bee, the hill behind tho houao Makes it a pretty scene, Combined with water (lowing on In yonder gushing stream 1 A worthy sceno for paintera brush, Or for tho poet's pon j " A cottage homo within the bush Devoid of appov ten !" Oh I'mark ya 1 wand'rer of the road, Aiid think as on you gaze,. , That such a homo a« this will bo, Will bring forth much arnuzo. Comment from poople,-oldest friends,-: About tho house and land, Saying if they'wero living there, They'd make it something grand. They'd probably put out tho light Of now a worthy flatne, Trying to make the houao and land, Two things of future tame. Yes I future fame 1 but two such words. Arc really hard to earn, So take no care about the fame, No more than would a torn ? Here are relies of departed Spirits that long have flown, Leaviii3 nothing to show us now liut spoctrcrlooking bone. And then we look at yon she-oak, 'Tis haunted so they aay I - But we have nou {lit to fear us now In the bright light of day. So cautiously we all creep on, To. see tho far-famed ghost, Steadfast clinging to oaoh other, And in the lead our host. After many a fruitless search, Wo. all gavo up the ghost; Wended back our way to " K len," And toasted there our hnal. Thoro seven tables lit for kings Were spread in grand array, (With host and hostess at tho head), O.U).' hunger to allay. One then, stood up, a weighty toast To, give 'twas his duty, " To speak unto us all that night, Of Jack's wife-a beauty. Ho sounded for(b her qualities, And said not many men ', Were lucky on this earth to get A3, npblo girl as " Em." Ho spoke about tho house and farm, Anil many niiuor. things; And then one great loud shou t arosa, As " Era" stups forth, and sings. Jaok then got up 'mid smiles so prim, His anBwer.forth to give,' And said in words of po)islied tone. He hoped they'd over live. Yes 1 live for sixty years and more, " And; rear up families large ; And now ho tolls thorn once again, 3|o have a wine and charge I_ In honour of this glorious clay, And his houso " Glen-Eden," And now as it was getting lato,. Ho hoped they'd not leave hjm,. Then after m,my toasts were giv'n, The company dispersed, All vowing to come back again Before tho year had burst. And then along the drive was seen Broughams and horuos fine; Wending along the road to town, Just o'er the railway line. " Goo3 night 1 good night 1 the banquet's o'er, Tho people all have gone ; The happiest day has now closed down, That e'er the sun shone on l" EMIE 3. CUNNINGHAM-. June, 1893.; , 