Sir Henry Parkes and O'Farrell. This History op the Famous Kiama Ghost. >A .Writer wlio -has taken the trouble to hunt up the records of the Fenian scare raised by Sir Henry Parkes at the time, of the trial of ilie crack- brained 0 Fnmdl lets in the light on. the Kiaiiia Ghost mystery The conviction off O'Farrell was a foregone conclusion, and his execution was promptly carried out,. The cul prit being ont of the' way, i'aikosiii a most bold and impudent manner, began, to MANUFACTURE THE KIAMA G1I.OST, by spreading broadcast hints and sur mises as to O'Farrel's crime having been the direct outcome of an organised conspiracy.. He had reckoned without his host, however, because, before his death, O'Farrell' had .somewhat recovered his menial equilibrium, and seeing how lie had been duped by Parkes into making wild and foolish charges which might be used for bringing innocent people to the gallows, he made a full and frank confession on the eve of his execution, in which lie admitted the justness of his sentence, averring that all he li.ul beep induced bv Parkes'to say' about the existence of a Fenian conspiracy, and bis being the ' agent of it was false, and that he planned to murder the Duke of Edin burgh, and had cumin uniratcd his inteutiou to nobody. This confession was entrusted to Iho gaol chaplain (the late Dean Dwyer) who attended O'Farrell in his last moments, and who, after snaking a copy of it, gave tho original one Lo the gaol authorities. Of course the public disclosure of the contents of this confession Jil/ilBT ur TABIC Es' riiETTY PLOT, nud he did his best to prevent their publication, aud for u time succeeded in making the public believe that O'Farrell was the agent of a Fenian conspiracy. The ploiler was soon tu be unmasked, not, however, before ho hail done incalculable mischief, 'Iho exis tence of O'Farrell's confession had leaked out, together with some ink - Skig as to its contents and conse quently ou April 21, 1868, 8ir (then Mr.) William Macleay, from his place in the Legislative Assembly asked the Colonial Secretary (Sir lienry Parlies) whether he would produce aud lay upon- the table the dying confesGiojj of O'Farrell, who had been executed that morning. This Parkes rehired to do. THE' GHOST APPEARS. This was in April, and in August of tho same year Parkes — who had since relinquished the post of Colonial Secretary — went down to address his constituents at Kiama, and in the court e of his speech definitely raised the / " Kiama Ghost" in the following terms. " We were told — the police were told in the ordinary way of information — long before the Duke of Edinburgh landed on these shores, that his life would be attempted .... 1 do not heBitate to say here that .1 have in. my possession evidence, which I can pro duce at any moment, that will satisfy every unbiassed, independent mind in the country that we had just and large grounds for every step of precaution which ,w e, as a government, took ; and though, perhaps, we as a government might have been content, to allow this I damning evidence .to have' remained unknown, still, if we are to bo taunted, misrepresented, and vilified by a.com- olete. storm of lies, we inav. in iustificu- tion to oui'Belves, yet see fit to lay this before the world. I have that evidence in my possession, and I can produce it ;at any. moment. I can prod ace evidence attested by affidavits which leaves no doubt in my mind that : not only was the murder of the piinco plauned, but that some person, who was. in. the secret and whose fidelity was suspected, was foully numlered before the attack was iiually made upon the prince." ; , These astounding allegations Parkes reiterated, . with even greater circum stantiality of detail, in a speech which he delivered before his constituents at Jamberoo, in the following, month of October, of the satne year (1868). In the course of this Jamberoo harangue, and in allusion to a letter published in tho press, asking why precautions had not been taken for the protection of the Duke of Edinburgh's life, if the govem- i ment knew beforehand that his life was menaced, Parkes said : — " The fact was that all practicable precaution's were taken. When the prince lauded no less than 500 special constables were sworn in ; officers of police wero directed to ride in the line of his body on either side, and all other .precautions were taken that appeared necessary to secure the safety of. the illustrious visitor." A CLEAlF BOWL OUT " Such serious allegations, so precisely formulated and emphatically reiterated, could not be- allowed - to pass un challenged. If tbey were true, society was, in peril ; if false, the man making them was infamous. Parliament was bound to investigate the matter, and accordingly, on December- 15, 1868, Sir William Macleay moved for and obtained <u Select CommiLtee. The re port of the committee presented to the House showed that when, called on to give evidence, Fir Henry Parkes could not support oneof his public statements. Parkes, under examination, adduced no evidence or documeuts tending to show that either he or uny other mem ber of tlie government to which he belonged had any suspicion .of or inform ation. concerning . tho existence of a Fenian conspiracy, -or any foreknow ledge of a plot to assassinate the Duke of Edinburgh, although Parlies had had < the. whole police and detective force, as I well as piivato agents, at work, for months, under the incentive of high rewards, endeavoring to ferret out evi dence of a Fenian plot, of the holding of Fenian meetings, aud of trha existence of" O'Farrell's alleged co-conspirators. Concerning the affidavits which- Parkes boasted at Kiama and Jamberoo thai he could produce at any moment to prove that the duke's- murder was the outcome of a plot, and that one of those concerned in the plot, whose fidelity had been suspected, bud been murdered, he did not and could not produce them be cause he never had I hem, All the papers lie produced at the enquiry were silly, irrelevant concoctions, trumped up after the event. The 500 sworu specials about which Parkes spoke so grandilo quently were as great- a myth, as mon strous a fabrication as anything con ceived in a mendacious mind could poasjbly lie, , The ' repoi (. of the Select Committee literally teems with damning refutation niriiinst Parkes. It was adonted bv parliament, and tho uiotion adopting it acted upon by the governor of tho day (Lord Belmore) forwarding a copy of it to the Secretary of State for the colonies in London. Yet in spite of this terrible exposure, which still sounds re corded against him, notwithstanding thai he managed by a snatch party vote to have the record expunged, Parkes after a quarter of a century, has the con summate and callous audacity to resus citate these exploded charges, aud to attempt to resurrect the " Kiama Ghost/' by declaring his belief that they ate true. . O'FARRELL'S MADNESS. j , : The; qji.es tipn ;of O'Farreii's madness can be disposed of in a few brief words. In the first place, the conception of his c ime, andtlie sensational ' manner in which be attempted to carry it ont, in the midst of thousandsof onlookers pre supposes madness or Weakness of intellect bordering on lunacy. This idea develops almost into ii certainty when it is borne in mind that O'Farrell was a confirmed drunkard, drinking to such excess and with such persistency as to be practically a dipsomaniac. Then again his absurd diary, with its childish and sensational entries, together with the ready' way in which lie fell into Parkes' snare for re vealing; a Fenian conspiracy and denoun cing conspirators who never existed, constitute /prima facie evidence of insanity. But thequestionof O'Farrell's state ot mind is placed beyond all cavil and shadow . of, doubt by the evidence adduced at his trial, notably by his sisters from Melbourne, who, while testifying to" their wretched brother's long-continued habits of intemperance, admitted thut he was always considered half mad, and that there was an heredi tary taint of insanity in the family. The nrobabilitv is; that O'Farrell was an hereditary lunatic, because fully twenty years alter, his execution — not more than six years ago — one of his brothers, who iwice attempted to assassinate Dr. Goold, the late Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne, was found to be in&ano;, and as such -lias been confined to a lunatic asylum ever since. . Yet in the face of this accumulated testimony as to his insauity, Parkes has the cold- blooded aflrontcry to declare that the unhappy wretch - was sabe. In this way does Parkes "make Australian history." — bydney " b reemnii. 