3BOE0' Column. Wagner as a Boy.— Wilhelm Richard Wagner was born at Leipzig, March 22. 1813. i When he was nine, he wont to school, where j he was tbe despair of tho teacher who in- ! structed him in music ; be paid no attention to his practising, but seized every opportti- nity of repeating the melodies that he had heard, especially those of ' Der FroiBchutz,' which had alroadv!kindIed his nowarfnl ito. agination. Ancient t history, mythology, Greek and Latin wero his favorite studies, but his heart was really in none of these, for he bad a secret aim that absorbed all his thoughts and feelings— he was a poet I In bis eleventh year he won a prize for the best poem on a dead schoolmate, nnd soon after he translated tho first twclvo books of the Odyesev. Ho taught himself English, nnd immediately becamc bo absorbed in Bhakc yiearc that he decided to write a tragedy. For two long years ho toiled, nnd during this period' ho contrived to kill of! forty* two i people in his drama. He was forced to re- ; lent, however, and to recall them as ghosts j in tho last act in order to hnve performers I enough to play the parts. Meantime he had left Dresden where ho had been living, and entered a school at Lcipsig, but ho had so neglected his studies for musical composi tion, that be was put back a class ; this so .discouraged him that lie gave himself en ! tirely to his tragedy. Whon ho hnd nearly finished it be first heard Bucthovcu's music. This bad so strong an influenco over him that he determined to set bis tragedy tb music, nnd purchased a book on thorough bass to prepare himself for the task. So fascinated j did he becomo with tho study, that ho de termined to bo a poet no longer, but that .music should have the devotion of his lifo. When his family learned of the tragedy, tboy wero much troubled, for thoy felt it was the cause of his backwardness at school ; but when tbey found him to be writing music, thoy were in despair, for tbey believed it to be nothing moro than a fancy, and that it might do the boy great harm. He was not to be discouraged, however, and composed in secret. But at last ho was placed under the instruction of Theodore Wcinlig, a man steeped In the spirit of ' Father Bach,' who put bim through a six months' study of counterpoint. Now be learned and loved Mozart. The Boat«Dwcllera of Japan.— Young people who live in Australia may fancy tbat our cities are crowded, and that many families must live without very much air to breathe or space for the boys to play in; What would they nay to the boatdwel lers of Japan?' In that crowded country hundreds of families spend their lives and bring up their children upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except as they make an occasional visit to it when obliged to purchase supplica or attend to some un usual business. In every baytalong the coaBt aro found hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called 'junks.' These are small, flatbot tomed boats, and are owned nnd inhabited by a man and his family, just as houses are in other parts of tho world. Their business is the transportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and their navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says : ' I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under Beven years of age. T am told that, notwith standing their aptncs3 nt swimming, many boatmen get drowned, for no boatcvorgoes to another's aid, nor will any boatman save any other from drowning, because as he says,. It is all fate, and he who interferes with fate will be severely punished in some way.' Among these wonderful aquatic families children of three years old will sometimes swim like little fish, and if one is backward in learning, ho will be thrown overboard, and teased and tormented until he is obliged to learn the art in self defence. Ab! it is in reading and learning nboub the people of other lands that wc fip^Vy)W?mVu,, ?We 'nave to love ana du inankrnl tor in the broad free lifo of our own. But even here there are children who would be better for such frequent baths, and perhaps you would have great difficulty in persuading the little Japs that life in the hot and crowded streets of our great cities was to be preferred to that ' of the junk-men on the rivers and harbors of their own country* An Adventure With a Huge Buffalo. — 1 had singled out as my meat an old bull with long, highly polished horns and the most magnificent mane that has ever cotne under my notice. I determined to have that head, and to carry it Bast with me ns a trophy. To single the brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver in his shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such ahorse as mine. The remainder of the herd thun* dered off to the west with my companions in full chase, and away toward, the east went my wounded buffalo, with me a good second, sending a pill into his Bide whenever he swerved cntugh to give me a chance at his heart. Suddenly the idea seemed to enter his cranium that he was flying in a direct line from his friends, and he wheeled about and charged me, his magnificent head cocked sidewise, ready to; toss my mustang, hiB nostrils nnd eyes blood red, and the foam flying from his mouth. When tbe buffalo swerved, my mustang mado a noble leap out of his courso and landed me with his off fore leg inn marmot's hole, bringing him to hiB knees, snapping tbe bone of his leg off like a stalk of straw and sending me headlong to the ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was some what shaken up, but my eyes wero wide open, and the approaching danger seemed like a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that I could not move so much as an eyelid. The bull came on, his boofs rattling on the hard prairie like the bones of tbe end man in a minstrel show. His hot breath came full in ray mouth and nostrils ; one of bis horns caught in tho collar of my bunting shirt, tearing it away, and then his hind hoof grazed my temple. He was as glad to escape as I was myselr, and careered ovor tbo prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while I arose and planted a merciful bullet in the brain of my doomed mustang. Ono day of this sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at tbe scasbosc in a dandified coat to amn who Is not properly unsexed. An Old War-Horse.—' The Rev. J. G. Wood, the well known English .writer on natural history, relates the following true story in his recent book on the horse : ' Some years ago an elderly gentleman died, leaving to his widow all his property, including an old and staid horse. It so happened that there was a review in tbe neighborhood, and the old lady, who was Btone*deaf, drove over to see it. During the manoeuvres a regiment of cavalry naeBed her atid as they did so the trumpeter blew on his instrument some signal which she from her deafness did not hear. The horse, however, beard and understood the trumpet call. Old as he wan, he sprang off atfullspccd, galloped into the ranks, nnd put himself in line with perfect accuracy. The signal to charge waa then given, and off went the horse with his comrades. The old lady shrieked, nnd drnggrd at the reins to no purpose. Where tho regi ment went the horse went ; when it wheeled he wheeled, and when it charged be charged, dragging his expostulating mistress after him throughout the whole of the manoauvrcs. ' After tho review was over the officers crowded round tho old horse, who evidently had belonged to the cavalry, and offered a very high price for him, in order to make a regimental pet of bim. The offers, however, were refused.' The world ia bo cold, lovs (1 really oan't stay), Unless one has gold, love (I must get away). Hy heart is all thine, dear (Ob I won't there be strife) ! And vonrs shah be mine, deal (On, Lord ; Here's my wilt I) M A font ia a baptismal basic in oburch, isn't it; fattier f ' asked young Sbarpshins. ' Yes,' returned tha old gentleman, shortly. \- ' Then why is a sat of printers' type oalltfl a fonl ?' enquired youngS. ' Because vo mm wttwi gate jt mm ttoQOftb itf1! , 