A FIGHTER OF Bl'RGLARK. (By Capt O'Fav, ix Dktroit Fiikk Press.) My encounters with burglars have been too numerous for ordinary space to permit of their relation. A few of the more thrilling ones, however, can be briefly recalled just to suggest the improbability of meeting death at the hands of those wdio love darkness be cause their deeds are dark. Much ol my early life was passed ? in an old stone house, built for the apparent purpose of defying eternity. ; The walls were so thick that, witli ' closed doors, ordinary sounds ill ; one part of it wore not audible in another. This plan of eousl rue; ion was ill some respects a matter of con gratulation to younger members of the family. We could say good night with every apparent intention of retiring ill good order, and ihen assemble ill some remote room lo hold high carnival. It enabled the boys of a strictly orthodox family to fathom the mysteries of euchre, old sledge and even a more worldly game, in which pennies Can be substituted for ivory chips. It a Horded us protection from parental intervention while we endured the agonies incident to early lessons in smoking, ami even in chewing the obnoxious narcotic. It even led up to petty larcency. for there was many a midnight banquet made of cake, milk fruit, nuts, cider, and an occasional bottle of home-made wine, purloined from the family larder. The.-e inroads upon Hi' commissary department in - variably placed a servant, the house dog or a, certain mythical vagrant, sup posed to haunt the neighborhood under constant suspicion. The reai offenders never had the manly boyhood to con fess their transgressien-i. as ihey are so prone lo do -in stories. It was a I'l.er one of the-e nocturnal revels tint 1 retired lo troubled dreams, for which it was doubtless iv-pon-ible. I awakened with a. sadden start, grew cold and fell every hair of my head assorting its ability io stand alone. 1 heard a strange and blood chilling lioise, Willi e.i ry faculty on keen edge. 1 concluded fli.it the sound was that of someone boring through hard wood. .It must be a burglar preparing to remove a lock. The longer I listened, the heit'-r convinced w.c- I that i n y theory was correct.. Tivnibingly I gut out ol: bed. and with noiseless tread attempted lo make my way through an open door, across ihe broad hall and into an adjacent room, where another young hopeful was sleeping off the effects of late feasting. Horror of horrors! In the hall 1 encountered another person moving as stealthily as myself. 1 was seized ' and for a minute or two there was on.1 of ihe livelie.-t eiigiigemoni - in which it-n ever lu.v good fortune to j participate. y. lied, pounded, bit I a:;. I - cralehi d. Alter a i'i.\v yank-- at i my hair I would ha'.e suern in per- : led good faun tii.it I v.a- scalped, in -r j did the whoojisoi' my opponent in any ! way weaken the conviction that I was ; dealing with ;i murderous Indian. ? We were rolling on ilk- lloor in deadly j conflict, when the family began to as- I Hembie in baste and t't,i-or. Suddelllv : strong paternal hands forcibly parted 1 the combatants and accompanied his ! assurance that our conduct was dis- ; graceful and wicked on the part of j two brothers with sundry well-delivered j culls fur our transgression-. That ' brother whom .1 was seeking was also | scouting for me. We bad heard the 1 .same noise and reached the same ex planation. The supposed burglar was an innocent old darkey cook who could I snore louder than an elephant and and unconsciously imitate any un earthly sound that ever assailed the ears of man. We were vindicled after relating our experience, but that did not restore our blackened eyes io their t normal condition or cause our ! faces to bear a less: striking resem- j blance to a cranberry patch. One night f had walked home through a driving rain, the trees groan ing, the owls lamenting, and the w ord noi-es on every hand suggesting a. I night out for spooks and witches. 1 j thought every few minutes that 1 was j pursued, but wdiat on earth anything human or spiritual would have wanted me for, I could never imagine. I reached the house in a gr-at state of nervousness, and as ! crept silently through a window previously adjusted for such an advent, 1 was convinced that there were thieves ghosts or sonic other kind of night marauders abroad. 1 reached my room withoutaccideiit, but growing more uneasy because of the darkness and mv Ijusv imagination. For prudential and all sufficient reasons, 1 did not strike a light. It might have caused the watchful eye of the head of the household, and that meant embarrassment for me. Just as 1 had adjusted my night uniform and was about to hasten into bed as a haven of security, 1 stood transfixed with fright. ] heard someone moving in the bed. Then it came to me what a great practical joker that particular brother of mine was. He had slipped in there on purpose to frighten me and then \ gloat over it. I would show him the case of the biter hi ton, and at it I went. I was in the middle of the bed at a single bound. '? Great heavens !' I shouted, or rather, screamed. There were two of them, and far worse than all else, one of the vigorous shriekers hud an uumUtagable female voice. It was a rough and tumble affair, in which the efforts of each were concentrated in getting away from the other two. Again there was a hurried rally of the domestic forces and order was finally restored. Then a stern -faced father held a court of inquiry. Then it all c-ame out. That irrepressible brother had been told to show a couple of aged visitors wdio had arrived the evening before to the ' spare' voom. Instead of that the little rascal, with malice aforethought, conducted them to my room, and laid awake to enjoy results. He pleaded irresponsibility because of sleepiness, but when it was drawn out that he had almost choked to death because of holding the big end of a pillow in his mouth to keep from laughing out loud, his defence fell through ignominiouslv. He was duly disciplined for flie prank be had played, and I because my reasons for being out so late were not approved by the examining authority. The dear old lady, who was so unceremoniously pounced upon in the dead ol the night, died twenty-five years later from nervous prostration. My next encounter with burglars, in ! point of importance, was in a peace able little settlement in one of I'eiin : sylvania's quiet valleys. I had been ? sent there on business for an extensive i firm that was about to invest in coal lands. I drove live miles from the nearest railway station and bad a ! \ - ilithle com] '.anion in the driver who bail all the neighborhood govi^ at his tongue's end. lie was particularly eloquent on the subject of strikes ill the mines and consequent troubles. ! ''There's been strange iloin's ' around these parts.' he informed me. . 'Tliein miner fellers is pretty des I prate when they git out on a strike. It's pretty darn tough on some on 'em. too. 1 know a good many of 'em that's a catiu' jist what they kin pick up 1 like, and bine, no idee bow they're ! eomin' through. There's been quite : a lot' of thievin' goin' on among the | farmers, ami I cackalate they'll lie a. | doggone sight more afore the thing is i fixed up. Far as I'm corn-anted I j don't think that, the miners an- cut tin' ! up nil these didoes, bill they are hein' charged up with it. One of our big men hud his bouse broke into the .other night and everybody i-. skeercd, I for there's agoin' to be more of it. I'm i feared.' I 1 look an interest in what the I fellow was saying only because there i was no one else to talk' to. 1 had no i idea that I was to become mixed up in ! neighbourhood a ll'aiis and gain unenv i- i able notoriety, lie let. me down al the house of the man I bad come to -ee. and whistled ilie doxoiogv plaintively as his superannuated horse jogged I jack toward the station. 1 was met by a swe- t- faced matron | and a sweet 'r-farcd young girl who ; called the older one mamma. Their | welcome was marked bv looks of curiosity, and after I had jearned from ! then i that the gentleman with whom i I had business was awav and would ; not be back until I i mur: ivv. 1 -t.i r! -.1 , to overhaul mv talkative Oliver, bat »be moiher i.i isj '.l [Y-i/. | lem.iin with lluni if it. was my purpose I - runain I iii the K-'ighli.iiiihoud Hioi! I had seen her lii's!i;oi: j . I consented and Ind a | stroll about the eha rming place during | the i.i ft-' r 1 1 . .i . j i . I encountered several ' men wit h e ; l' k l .a - ??,?! ? :.! r!o .? !i . i. but only exchanged ti,,dsv.:tl! ih -.e. j That evening the general le-n- of ? l rouble in tic coiine'i' iii v ;.s e n j meiitei! upon, and lie . i .! i lelief that J. was io i hoi, os a pro ! teelor iii ihe e:l-e tij ;i!i ? bnrgbiri/.c it. The daughter' very pret'ily c\pre--ed a like semi:. a m , j : d 1 was e\alied to a d.i-or-die s(aio of i mind by half a dozen reiiteoee, from her cherry lips. Once in the bed clniml.er e-sio-ia d me. 1 reviewed the situation and its possibilities. I had left my persona.! ai-s.nal at home and had no weapon more than a pocket-knife. 1 had never fought miners or rural thugs, ;nid was not conversant with their peculiar style of warfare. I was not exactlv frigliLeiied, but I thought ho'v much a lo iger missi d by not being at home or in some first-class metropolitan hotel. In an open fireplace which adorned the room 1 discovered the remains of a swamp elm sapling. It was a fearful bludgeon, seasoned and hard. 1 placed it within easy reach of my bed and retired. 1 know that .1 slept from the fact flint 1 awakened. 1 heard a fumbling at a side door almost directly under my windor. 1 beard the door sollly opened and by bidding mv breath could delect the squeaking n'f stairs, which had a landing within a few feet of me. 1 made a figeresh leap, seized the swamp-elm club. spat, on my hands, moved swiftly lo the landing and stood with baled breath. He was coming. 1 could hear him. Slowly and steal- j thily he advanced, .1 imagined 1 saw the flash of steel and the glitter of his eyes. The suspense was horrible. 1 J was facing death in the dark'. Would j 1 succeed or be killed ? 1 thought of | home, of loved ones, of my transgres- I sions. But he groped onward. 1 braced; myself and muttered a, prayer. Bill'! 1 had swung the swamp elm and the j blow ] struck would have been good ; for a home run on any regulation ball i field. The invader went down-stairs j thumps and bangs, making more noise j than a runaway milk wagon. I 1 heard screams of terror and groans 1 of sintering lrom the burglar. We turned a light on liini and the woman rushed out of doors with yells of murder and cries for help. ' J had batted tlie old gentleman of the house ' into a limpid state of unconsciousness. The neighbors rallied, and the pre vailing sentiment was for hanging me as a thief and midnight assassin. The fair mother and sweet daughter looked upon me as an impostor, and possibly the murderer of a beloved father and a loving husband, 1 protested vehemently, but the excited people had been looking for some such villian as 1, and now they had him. As they were about to load me into a lumber wagon and start for the jail, the old gentleman gasped, rolled his eyes and called for his hat. Most of his teeth were gone, but fortunately they were artificial, liis lips were terribly swollen and he was sore from scalp to too. I had credeu- i tiad.s. Re advised coolness, and we finally came to an understanding, but it was a close squeak, and the nrettv daughter was distractingly reserved during the remainder of my stay. I have also had numerous en counters with footpads, politicians and other disturbers of the peace, but burglars have been my chief trouble. More land lies non-productive in Great Britain and Ireland than is comprised in the entire kingdom of Belgium, 