ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, Ac., Mr. George DarreH's romantic drama in | four acts called " Life for Life " now being I played at tbe Theatre Royal is a strong bid I for the suffrages of those who delight in sensational plays. Equal at most points to what is commonly known as the Adelphi drama, it transcends tbe generality of these productions in wealth of incident, in a serene sense of superiority to the law, and in diverting disregard of considerations of pro bability. The characters move not only in an atmosphere of stage-land but of dreamland. It is as though the author had been at a feast of melodramas, and besides confiscating all the scraps had made many spicy additions of his own, to which a semi-Australian colour-' ing is giveu, for some of the most Btartling episodes occur ona New Zealand diggings. The author has given himself a very fat part— j that of Samuel Soutar, a preternaturally active and by no means law-abiding reporter j for a New Zealand newspaper. The stage! journalist is usually a man whose colossal intellect has been made nearly akin. to that of an idiot by drinking not wisely, but too well. On the present occasion he resembles one of T. P. Cooke's redoubtable heroes of the deck, who passes his time in succouring lovely woman in hdistress and in righting with his strong arm twionge /pdiiifch the slow-moving law seems powerless, trafedress for the moment. Mr. So,qtar is She Vood genius of the play, ftorns up in the nick of time "to thwart/the villains, When he is hjot rascality in good set terms j he- id auhhortiing a lovely burden of iaoe and ribbon in his arms. Whenever the sky is particularly lowering and even the elements j seem to have combined to injure innocence, Samuel and his girl (or her sister, for they are interchangeable in tbeir sorrows) are there. Though the tendency they have- to faint at his approach seems to suggest that he has the faculty of emitting a narcotic influence, it is speedily made clear that he possesses the soothing and restorative power in a high degree. The whole trouble has its origin in the circumstance that the matron of tbe Dunedin Hospital is a charm ing young lady, Isaliel Gower (Miss Edith Blonde), who is so fascinating in her much idealised regulation costume that the chief physician, Dr. Oromby (Mr. A. E. Green away), and the assistant physician, Dr. Montrose (Mr. K. Inman), are willing to fight tor her to death. The lady lavoure the suit of the assistant medico, and even goes so. far as to tell his superior that she would rather live on bread and water with the man she loves than rest in the lap of luxury with an individual for whom her feelings are of an entirely different kind, or words to that effect. The chief physician, however, is a man of determination and resource, and has made up his mind to have his own way. There is an old miser lying at the point of death in the hospital with a sum of £2,000 under his pillow. When he has given this money to Dr. Montrose to keep for him, Dr. Cromby contrives, with the assistance of old Gower, the dispenser (Mr. G. P. Carey), that a poisonous draught shall be ad ministered to the patient by Montrose, with the result that tbe latter is ac cused of murder. After two trials he is convicted, and owes his escape from gaol to Mr. Soutar, who receives a gunshot in the leg in the encounter with the police. Here is enough material to furnish the plot of an ordinary melodrama, but the audience are only on the tbrtshold of the matter, for a moving series of accidents by flood and field follows in bewildering succession. The press man is found not only to be dominated by an insatiable appetite for news, but to combine in his own person the enterprise of a modern war correspondent with the self-sacrificing spirit of a hereof romance. There is a lynch ing soene at a mining camp, where the diggers have had a roll np to execute sum mary justice on the principal villains after the more peacefully disposed have indulged in a ballet to celebrate St Patrick's Eve; there is an attack upon a mounted gold escort, in the midBt of which Montrose, a prisoner of the police, is carried off on horseback by Isabel; there is a dumb man (Mr. E. Kelly), twin brother of the deceased miser, who stalks about like Banquo's ghost, striking terror to the heart of old Gower, who now, being afflicted with delirium tremens, sees in this word individual (who persists in using the dumb alphabet in spite of the exhortations of the gallery boys to whistle hisreplies to questions after the minnerpf > Ojands Frolic in "Miss Esmeralda")' tire spirit of his victim; -a bloodthirsty gang of bushrangers are mixed tip with ihe: machinations of Dr. Cromby,' who, though married to Isabel in the second, Aot, oannot induce her to live with him; andthereis the crowning incident of the bftt5 in thfeifshges. where Cromby hfy unwilling spouse. irhej%|jfe. JrediOfid Isabel Is dragged out in a halhsuffooated condition. Cromby stands hlsgwmnd nntilheban bear the scorching hoi ian^.ahdlBshot as soon as he shows blfflaf '".hie relieved jWb' . of - ft. pair .of comics lovers, Maggie O'Shanessy and Dave Stoyles, a Whitechapel bor, amusingly acted by Miss Jennie Lee and Mr. A. G. Poultcn. All obstacles to the union of Montrose with Isabel.nnd Soutar with Lilian Gower (Miss Ida Herberte) having been re moved by the deathbed confession of old Gower, the drama ends with a cheerful pros pect, though the tag, applied to the death of Cromby, inculcates the stern justice of the Mosaic law, " An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, a lite for a life." Indeed it must be admitted, notwithstanding some gruesome scenes, including a knockdown blow which the heroine receives from her husband, that this is eminently a live drama. All the characters are suitably sustained. Mr. Darrell is more jocose than is his wont, and Mr. G. P. Carey deserves a word of praise for his delineation of the conscience-stricken alcoholiBt, a character which is much out of his accustomed line. Good scenery has been provided, and the stage management is thoroughly effective. The comic opera, " The Mountebanks," has been played during the week at the Princess's Theatre, where it continues to be received with a considerable amount of favour. The second-sight entertainment of Pro fessor and Madame Steen is being well patronised at St. George's llall. The pro fessor says that tiis challenge to the spiritualists to duplicate any of their tricks has met with no response, except from an obscure -conjuror,'with whom he declines to deal. The manager mentions in his opening remarks that fortune-tellers, mediums, and " clairvoyants" receive £3,000 per week from their patrons in Melbourne. This is probably an over-statement, but thestim is known to be large. Professor Steen's way of putting it is, "They are all frauds—like myself." The feature of the week's bill has been the read ings by Madame Steen while blindfolded from three blackboards alternately. The cleverest part of this illustration is the reading by . Madame Steen of names or figures from a board held by one of the audience in the middle of the hall, as fast as the name or figure is touched with a finger, the writing being ap parently not visible to her coadjutor. The simplicity of one of the most imposing-look ing tricks with cards is partly revealed by the professor. A member of the committee on the stage is asked to select a card at random from a pack which he has previously shuffled himself. It is then announced that another member oi the committee will be compelled to select the same card from a pack which he has shuffled, and which is lying with the card's face downwards on a table. When the word is given both men hold up the six of clubs. The partial explanation is that the second committeeman selected from a sub stituted pack consisting entirely of sixes of c)ub3. The performer, for professional reasons, withholds the information as to how the first committeeman's action was made to be in concert with his fellow, but the half explanation is as good as the whole. The new first part at the Alhambra Palace of Varieties takes the form of a concert at Brighton, for wbich a scene has been painted by Mr. John Hennings, and the second part of the entertainment is in a pleasure-garden in Paris. The company includes numerous popular singers and dancers, whose efforts are heartily applauded. The latest addition to the programme is a unicycle ride on a tight rope. A strong variety company, in which C. Lyndon, the skipping-rope dancer, is a favourite just now, is drawing large houses at the Gaiety Theatre. "The Adventuress" was advertised to be repeated at the Bijou Theatre lust Saturday evening, but those who sought admission found the doors closed. The company, not having succeeded in attracting paying busi ness, has been disbanded. On Friday evening (last week) a compli mentary benefit was tendered at tbe Alex andra Theatre to Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Windas by professional and amateur friends, in recog nition of tbe services' they have given, as amateur performers, during the pasf sixteen years to charitable and other objects. The attendance was moderate. Thy programme included the comedietta " A\ Kiss in the Dark," the characters sustained by Mr. F. C. Appleton, Mr. A. Seymour, Miss Edith Appleton, and Miss Jennie Bryce; and the secondjandthird acts of "The Serious Family," in which the performeis were Messrs. G. H. Lewis, R. Vernon, D. Grant, 1 E. D. Haygarth,- Mrs. W. A. Windas, Mrs. Creswell, Miss Isabel Vernon, Miss Mattie Caesar, and Miss . Winnie Windas. In the interval between the two pieces recitations were given by Miss Josephine Samuell, Miss Eloise Juno, Mr. Cecil Forrester, Mr. W. Denyer, and Mr. W. A. Windas. In connection with the benefit now being got up for Mr. and Mrs. Fred. Appleton, to take place on Mav 0, at the Bijou Theatre, Mr.'and Mra <AJ£red. Cornish, Mr. J. A. Levey, and Miss Nancy O'Loghlen will appear in "In-Honour Bound," which has been frequently ployed by them at amateur entertainments. 