OUR NOVEL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] ALL ALONG THE RIVER, BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," " The Venetians ; or, All in Honour," " Aurora Floyd," " The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," " Just as I Am," " Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Welt," Etc, No. (Copyrighted, by Tillotson a Son.) CHAPTER I. (Continued.) THE RAIN SET EARLY IN TO-NIGHT. She might never enter it again, perhaps. Lord Lostwithiel was so seldom there. His absenteeism was the lament of the neighbourhood. The things he ought to have done and did not do would have filled a book. He had been wild in his youth. He had once owned a theatre. He had done, or was supposed to have done things which were spoken of with bated breath ; but of late years he had developed new ambitions, and had done with theatrical speculations.' He had become literary, scientific, political. He was one of the lights of the intellectual world, or that small section of the intellectual which is affiliated to the smart world. He knew all the clever people in London, and a good many of the intellec- qualities of Paris, Berlin, and Vienna. He had never married ; but it was supposed that he would eventually marry before he was forty, and that he would make a great match. He was not rich, but he was Lord Lostwithiel. He was not handsome, but he was said to be one of the most fascinating men in London. Isola pulled off her jacket slowly, looking about her all the time and Lostwithiel forbore from offering her any assistance lest he should increase her evident shyness. A man in plain clothes, who looked more like a valet than a butler, answered the bell. "Send Mrs. Mayne, and bring tea" ordered his Lordship. What a slender, girlish form it was which the removal of the tweed jacket revealed. The slim waist and somewhat narrow shoulders betokened a delicacy of constitution. The throat was beautiful, milk white, the throat of Diana, and the head, now the hat was off, would also have done for Diana ; a small classic head, with soft, brown hair drawn smoothly away from the low white brow and rolled into a knot at the back. The features were as delicate as the complexion, in which there was no brilliancy of colour- ing, only pale, ivory tints. The eyes were dark grey, with long brown lashes, and their present expression was between anxiety and wondering interest. Lostwithiel was not such a coxcomb as to appropriate that look of interest. He saw that it was his house and not himself which inspired the feeling. " You like old houses, I can see, Mrs Disney," he said, smiling at her. "Dearly. They are like poems in brick and stone, are they not P I dare say there are stories about this room." " Innumerable stories. I should have to ransack the Record Office for some of them, and to draw upon a very bad memory to a perilous went for others." " Is it haunted ?" " I am not one of those privileged persons who see ghosts ; neither seventh son of a seventh son; nor of the mediumistic temperament ; but I have heard of an apparition pervading the house on occasions and being seen in this room, which is one of the older rooms, a part of that building which was once a grange appertaining to a certain small monastery, put down by Henry VIII., and recorded in the Black Book. As one of the oldest rooms it is naturally uncanny; but as I have never suffered any particular inconvenience in that line, I make it my own particular den." "It is the most picturesque room I ever saw. And what a multitude of books !" exclaimed Isola. " Yes ; I have a good many books. I am always buying; but I find I never have exactly the book I want. And as I have no librarian I am too apt to forget the books I have. If I could afford to spend more of my life at the Mount, I would engage some learned gentleman, whose life had been a failure, to take care of my books. Are you Cornish, like your husband, Mrs. Disney P" " No. I was born at dinan." "What! in that medieval Breton city P You are not French, though I think." "My mother and father were both English, but my sister and I were born and brought up in Brittany." Lostwithiel questioned no further. He had a shrewd idea that when English people live for a good many years in a Breton town they have reasons of their own, generally financial, for their choice of a settlement. He was a man who could not have spent six months of his life away from London and Paris. The housekeeper made her appearance and offered her services. She wrung the rain out of Isola's cloth skirt, and wiped the muddy hem. She took charge of the jacket and hasband at Lostwithiel's suggestion she remained to pour out the tea. She was a very dignified person, in a black silk gown and a lace cap, and she treated her master as if he had been a demi-god. Isola could not be afraid of taking tea in this matronly presence, yet she kept looking nervously towards the window in front of her, where the rain beat with undiminished force, and where the darkening sky told of impending night. "I see you are getting anxious, Mrs. Disney," said Lostwithiel, who had nothing to do but watch her face, such an expressive face at all times, so picturesquely beautiful when touched by the flickering light of the low wood fire. " If you have to wait for fine weather you may be here all night, and your good people at home would be frantic. I'll order a carriage, and you can be home in three quarters of an hour." " Oh, no, Lord Lostwithiel, I couldn't give you so much trouble. If your housekeeper will be so very kind as to lend me a cloak and umbrella, I can get home [The sole right of publication in West Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the WEST AUSTRALIAN. very well. And I had better start: at once." al L -I in the rain, alone, and in the darkness. It will be dark before you are home in any case. No, Mrs. Disney, if I were to permit such a thing I should expect Major disney to call me out directly he came home. He is in India I think' "Yes. He is with his regiment in Burmah." " Do you expect him home soon ?" " Not very soon ; not for six months, or perhaps longer. It was that which made me walk so far." Lostwithiel looked puzzled. " I mean that I was so dissapointed by his letter-a letter I received to-day that I went out for a long walk to walk down my bad spirits, if I could, and hardly knew how far I was going. It has made me inflict trouble on you, and Mrs.--" " Mayne. Both Mrs. Mayne and I are delighted to be of use to you. Order the station brougham, Dalton, immediately," to the man who answered his bell. " The carriage can hardly be ready in less than twenty minutes, so pray try to do justice to Mrs Mayne's tea." " It is delicious tea," said Isola, sipping it luxuriously, enjoying the fire glow, and the dancing lights upon the richly bound books in all their varieties of colouring, from crimson and orange tawny to cream vellum. || "'""service She was evidently relieved in her mind by the knowledge that she was to be driven home presently. " If you are really interested in this old house you must come some sunny morning and let Mrs. Mayne show you over it," said Lostwithiel, establishing himself with his cup and saucer upon the other side of the hearth. " She knows all the old stories, and she has a better memory than I." " I should like so much to do so next summer, when my husband can come with me. "I'm afraid Major Disney won't care much about the old place. He is a native of these parts, and must have been here often in my father's time. I shall hope to receive you both, if I am here next October for the shooting-but there is no need to relegate your inspection of the house to a remote future. Come on the first fine morning that you have nothing better to do. Mrs. Mayne is always at home and as I am always out of doors in the morning you can have the house to yourselves and talk about ghosts to your heart's' content." * " Oh, my lord, I hope I know better than to say anything disrespectful of the house," protested Mrs. Mayne. > "My dear Mayne, a family ghost is as respectable an institution as a family tree." Isola murmured some vague acknowledgment of his civility. She was far too shy to have any idea of taking advantage of his offer. To re-enter that house alone of her own accord would be impossible. By-and-by, with her husband at her side, she would be bold enough to do anything, to accept any hospitality that Lostwithiel might be moved to offer. He would invite Martin, perhaps, for the shooting, or to a luncheon, or a dinner. She wondered vaguely if she would ever possess a gown good enough to wear at a dinner party in such a house. After this there came a brief silence. Mrs. Mayne stood straight and prim behind the tea table. Nothing would have induced her to sit in his Lordship's presence, albeit she had landed him in her arms when there was much less of him than of the cambric and fine flannel which composed his raiment, and albeit his easy familiarity might have invited some for getfulness of caste distinctions. Mrs. Mayne fully understood that she was wanted there to set the stranger at her ease and she performed her mission; but even her presence could not relieve -sole's shyness. She felt like a bird caught in a net, or fluttering in the grasp of some strong but kindly hand. She sat listen- ing for carriage wheels, and only hearing the dull thumping of her own scared heart. And yet he was so kind, and yet he so fully realised her idea of high-bred gentle- ness that she need hardly have been so troubled by the situation. She stole a glance at him as he stood by the chimney pieces, in a thoughtful attitude, looking own at the burning logs on the massive old and sons. The firelight shining on a face above it will often give a sinister look to the opene8t countenance and to-night Lostwithiel's long, narrow face, dark, deep-set eyes and pointed beard had some touch of the diabolical in that red and uncertain glow : an effect that was but instantaneous, for as the light changed the look passed, and she saw him as he really was, with his pale and somewhat sunken cheeks, and eyes darkly grave, of exceeding gentleness. " Have you lived long at the Angler's Nest, Mrs; Disney ?" he asked, at last. "Nearly a year and a half; ever since my marriage, with just one interval in the South of France, before Martin went to India." " Then I need not ask if you are heartily sick of the place ?" " Indeed, I should not be tired of the cottage or the neighbourhood if my husband were at home. I am only tired of solitude. He wants me to send for his sister a girl who is just leaving school to keep me company ; but I detest school girls, and I would much rather be alone than endure a perpetual tete-a- tete of that kind." " You are wise beyond your years, Mrs. Disney. Avoid the sister, by all means. She would bore you to death-a scampering exuberant girl, who would develop hysteria after one month of Trelasco dal mess. Besides I am sure you have resources of your own, and that you would rather endure solitude than uncongenial company." Isola sighed, and shook her head rather dolefully, tracing the pattern of the Persian rug with the point of her stick. "I am very fond of books, and of music," she said " but one gets tired of being alone after a time. It seems such ages since Martin and I said good-bye in Tear ce. I was dreadfully unhappy at first. I stand almost alone in the world, when I am parted from him." . Your father and mother are dead ?" in gentlest injury. " Oh, no ; they are not dead ; they are at Dinan," she said, almost as if it were the same thing. " And that is very far from Treaso.n They never leave Dinan. The kind of life suits them. Mamma knits; papa has his club and his English newspapers. People enjoy the English papers so much more when they live abroad than when they are at home. ' Mamma is a very bad sailor. It would be a risk for her to cross. If my sister or I were dangerously ill. mamma would come But it would be at the hazard of her life. Papa has often told me so." " And your father, is he a bad sailor ?" " He is rather worse than mamma." <, - ' " " Then I conclude you were married at Dinan ?" " Oh, yes ; I never left Brittany until my wedding day." " What a pretty idea. It is as if Major Disney had found a new kind of wild flower in some nook or cranny of that old grey wall that guards the town." "You know Dinan?" " There are very few places within easy reach of a watchman that I don't, know. I have anchored in almost every bay between Cherbourg and Brest, and have rambled inland wherever there was anything worth seeing within a day's journey from the coast. Yes, I know Dinan well. Strange to think that I may have passed you in the street there. Do you sketch, by the way P" " A little." " Ah, then, perhaps you are one of the young ladies I have seen sitting at street corners or under archways, doing fearful and wonderful things with a box of moist colours and a drawing board." " The young ladies who sit about the streets are tourists," said Isola, with a look of disgust. " I understand. The resident ladies would no more do such things than they would sit upon the pavement and make pictures of salmon or men-of-war in coloured chalks, like our Metropolitan artists." "I think I hear a carriage," said Isola, ratting down her cup and saucer, and looking at her jacket, which Mrs. Mayne was holding before the fire.' " Yes, that is the carriage," answered Lostwithiel, opening the glass door. "What a night. The rain is just as bad as it was when I brought you indoors." "If you will accept the use of a shawl, ma'am, it would be safer than putting on this damp jacket." " Yes, Mayne, get your shawl. Mrs. Disney will wear it, I know." The housekeeper bustled out, and Lostwithiel and his guest were alone, looking at each other somewhat helplessly, as they stood far apart, she in the glow of the hearth, he in the darkness near the door, and feeling that every available subject of conversation had been exhausted. Their embarrassment was increased when Dalton and a footman came in with two great shining lamps, and flooded the room with light. " I hardly know how to thank you for having taking so much trouble about me," Isola faltered presently, under that necessity to say something which is one of the marks of shyness. "There has been no trouble. I only hope I got you out of that pelting rain in time to save you from any evil consequences. Strange that our acquaintance should begin in such an accidental manner. I shall be very glad to know more of Major Disney when he comes home, and in the meantime I hope I shall have the pleasure of meeting you sometimes. No doubt you know everybody in the neighbourhood, so we can hardly help running against each other somewhere." Isola smiled faintly, thinking that the chances of any such meeting were of the slightest ; but she did not gainsay him. He wanted to say something courteous no doubt, and had gone into no nice question of probabilities before he spoke. She had heard him described by a good many people, who had hinted darkly at his shortcomings, but had all agreed to his polite- ness and persuasive powers. " A man who would talk over Satan himself," said the village lawyer. Mrs. Mayne appeared with a comfortable shepherd's plaid shawl, which she wrapped carefully about Mrs. Disney, in a pleasant, motherly fashion. The rain had all been shaken off the little felt hat, which had no feathers or frippery to spoil. People who live in the West of England make their account with wet weather. Lord Lostwithiel handed his guest into the carriage, and stood bareheaded in the rain to wish her good-bye before he shut the door. "I shall be very anxious to know that you have escaped cold," he said, at the last moment, " I hope you won't think me a nuisance if I call to-morrow to inquire." He shut the door quickly, and the brougham drove off before she could answer. She was alone in the darkness in the snug warm little carriage. There was a clock ticking beside her, a sound that startled her in the darkness. There was a basket hanging in front of her, and an odour of cigars and Russian leather. There was a black bear rug, lined with softest cloth, which almost filled the carriage. She had never sat in such a carriage. How different from the mouldy old Clarence in which she occasionally went to dinner parties - a capacious vehicle with a bow window like a seaside parlour ! She leant back in a corner of the little carriage, wrapped in the soft and shaggy rug, wondering at her strange adventure. She had penetrated that mysterious house on Black Fir Hill, and she had made the acquaintance of Lord Lostwithiel. How much she would have to tell Martin in her next letter. She wrote to him every week a long loving letter, closely written on thin, glazed paper, pouring out all her fancies and feelings to the husband she loved with all her heart. She sighed as her thoughts recurred to the letter received to-day. Six months, or perhaps even a year, before he was to come back to her! Yet the letter had not been without hopefulness. He had the prospect of getting his next stop before that year was over and then his coming home would be a final return. He would be able to retire, and he would buy some land-a hundred acres or so and breed horses one of his youthful dreams and do a little building, perhaps, to enlarge and beautify the Angler's Nest, and his Isola should have a pair of ponies and a good saddle horse. He looked forward to a life of unalloyed happiness. (to be continued on Wednesday.) 