AN INSCRUTABLE MYSTERY. - By F.SMii STUART. Autbur of " In His Grasp," "Joan Vcllacott," " foltll of Grej alone," &c.;, <tc. CHAPTER Vf. ' That night 1 sat up later than usual in the eilidio, worrying out some feasible plan; however, nothing but the bunch of keys would come into my btain. and at last I became drowsy over this thought aud fell asleep. Even in my dreams I setmtd to bear the rattle of key*, for 1 woke up with a start and really heard the key of my own door being turned in the lock. "Hullo, Mrs. Hudson" I exclaimed, " I am here, don't lock me up; let me out, if you {•lease!" I remembered Mr. Blood worth's remark about the old woman's fears, so I spoke in my loudeet tones, but with no effect. I shook the door, but there was no response. Had they lotted me up for the night? Weill bad a fire, so I did not mind mueti; and I prepared to make myself as comfortable as possible jn a armchair, when I fancied I heard a foot- ' step without. I ran to the door and listened. . The keyhole was filled up, or I could have . seen ;bu3 the tread was so light, that I only 'ust distinguished it. Anyhow, it was not the J leavy step of either of tho Hod sons. A nother • long silence and then Mr*. Hodson'sunmistak- ' able tread was again distinctly audible. "Mrs. Hodson," I cried, "let me out:" "Lor, sir, you here! Well I never! You have given me the shivers with your sudden oalliog out." " Wby didn't you open sooner, when I called before?" " Called before! I never heard you, sir, and it was Hodson's coming and saying as how theiewas a light under your door that made . me come arid " "Why, wh'.-re do you sleep?" I asked, keeping my temper under severe provocation. "Sleep ! Me and Hodson sleep next doer to this studio, sir. Only your room being so big «e are a good way off, and it's iuoky you've not been loft aU night locked up, that it is." " Yes, it is lucky," remarked I, dryly. " I wish you would not go round looking all the doors. One would think you were afraid of my stealing out." " Lor, Bir, I'm hard of hearing—what did yon »y ?" . " Nothing, Mrs. Hodson. I did not know you were stone-deaf." " Me stone deaf, sir! I can hear well enough " She paused, then she aided, "at times; but I've lately had a gathering in my ears." "I have no defect of hearing, Mrs. Hodson, and I amsure I beard some one pass my room just now. Can you tell me who it could be ? Certainly not you or Hodson." 1 kept my eyes fired on the old woman's face, and I saw her look decidedly frightened. ."So you heard it too, sir? £ always tells the Master this bouse is haunted. I've heard steps myself in this passage, often, and it's There's some as I know better." E in spirits," I said calmly, shutting my studio door. "Good night, and pray remember in future that I doat like my ttadio door locked when I am ' there." ".' I walked downstairs with much p etenoe of . anger, and »ent to bed with the resolve to buy some keys next day and see if I oould get into . the study at night. The plan Beemed too simple, : bnt I argued that after all simplicity often eaooeeds . better than elaborate preparations , Jor solving mysteries. The next day I rose early, ate my breakfast witb-dupatoh, and rannpstairs to my studio. I did not Intend to paint this morning, but merely to glanceat my previous work. As I ' stood by my easel I looked round, trying to aolve the riddle of the footsteps. Suddenly -toy eye alighted on something whioh had ; -caught on one of the pegs of the eaael; it wai aeoft, foreign-looking nlk handkerchief, as if " «ome one bending down had let it falL _ It wa L" certainly not mine, and I oould not imagine . that Mm Hodson could _ own such a delicate \- niece of property. My mind, fall of one sub ject, immediately arrived at the only possible ' -conclusion, that ate, the beautiful Rosamond I. had been in this room, had perhaps looked at my work. Had she purposely or accidentally left this token of herself behind 1 In either . OMC^ this soft bright bit of silk determined me o carry out my idea. 1 must know more; I iimaAteoher a&ain;, come what might. ' Shutting the studio door I walked downabjuia,-and told Mr. Hodaon, who wasclear- , ^ngaway the breakfast things, that the model jiodd'-be Bent away when she oame, for I was gcingto take a walk instead of painting. He fronted some unintelligible answer as I ooJ» , The weather had changed; there was a spring feeling in the air and the jnn shone brightly. "A good, omen," I thought, " for 1 cannot now give up the solution- of the mystery. Curiosity may be a jiity, but, when one's peace of mind [s 3D satisfying it, other considerations it go to the winds !" Nothing is easier than to cheat one's conscience. I put. away .arguments whioh advooatod another course of oondaot. Was I not merely a guest, a itemed guest, in Mr. Bloodworth's house? . BaB)iedecarrd me in any particular? Were itart'<4iii secrets his o«n? He promised me kindness, food, and shelter, and moreover . generously gave me £50 a year. For all this „ wiw l to repay him with suspicion, spying out c .liis ways, his secrets, opening his private Ann, and behaving generally like a cad ? Pat tbn*. tny conduct had no excuse, bat again I wfcued .that it was better to be certain thit " 'nothing was wrong than to harbour suspicious ideas against my benefactor. ; I wandered some time in the bnsy streets of fiiverton, looking in at all the ironmongers' windows,- and examining frDta without bunches of rusty keys as if I had a mania for collecting old iron, but I r-jacted these shtps asfolonging to too-w<ill-known tradespeople; so. turning awav from the principal thoroughfares, I plunged into the old quarter of Riverton. Here narrow streets, alleys, aud old courts were jostled together, and from the outward appearances vice appeared to flourish. In .a short time I heard the sound of a blacksmith's hammer on the anvil. I made my way towards the spot where the welcome melody seemed to come, having to turn twice in the narrow passage that twisted itself round some mean, cottage-like bouses like a rope—and here soon found myself in a small yard, where a stout, joll7-looking blacksmith was shoeing a horse, whose owner, a handsome young Englishman, was standing dose by watching the operations with idle interest. .1 was going to retire, thinking I did not "vant A witness to my purchase, when the cmith left his work, having just finished bis ,iob, and came towards me. I explained what I wanted in a low voice, and in answer to an offer " to eend round" abanch of likely keys I replied hastily: "No, I can take them myself, I am only going to the Ferry." '•" Hearing me say this the young; man looked hard at me as he rode out of the court; and when the keys bad been wrapped up in brown paper I made the best of my way home, passing through the old Close Gateway, and receiving a surly nod from Esau. I deposited the keys in a drawer in my bedroom, and, atill feeling unsettled, I walked out again, this time down through the Water Gate, for I determined to explore the fields on the other side of the river. As I was sauntering along T again met the rame young man, this time not on horseback. We were passing each other in silence, and with sbcret glances, when suddenly he turned back, and to my surprise addressed me. "I beg your pardon, but are you Mr. Blood worth's nephew who has lately come to Riverton?" "Yes," I said simply. "Ah. So old Betty said—she's my aunt's, Mr*. Skeel's, servant. You went there the first night of your arrival, and I always wanted o know whether you ever got dry. My name jg Reginald Ashton, and I live in that house op there. I daresay you may have heard my name." "Ye?," I said, feeling drawn towards the young fellow in spite of a certain off-hand way be had of talking. But suddenly I remembered that here was perhaps just the occasion expected by iny uncle, and that I must respect bis wishes; so my manner was not in the least as if I wished for advances. Mr. Ashton was not, however, easily to be silenced. "Can you have really lived in the haunted house, as we call it, and feel none the worae for it ? Betty spends her time in pitying you." "She believes in the common talk, I sup pose. I certainly have seen no ghosts; Mr. Blood worth is a man who prefers solitude and dislikes strangers." (To be continued.) 