ST. MARY’S CMOltCII. PENTECOST SUNDAY. oUXDAY last being .Pentecost buuday a sermon appropriate to the occasion was preached by the Rev, G. Byrne, pastor of the church, whospokc from the words—‘And they were all tilled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak in divers toogues the wonder ful works of God.’ The preacher briefly sketched the state of the Christian world at the time referred to his text. Christ had risen from the dead ; He had remained forty days with his Apostles, and had ascended to the Father; but the ministry of the Church had not yet begun ; Christ had promised to ' send them the Holy Ghost the Spirit of Truth to teach them all things, and to abide with them for ever.’ When the Judas came to apprehend Jesus His apostles were filled with terror, and one of them, Peter, who was chief of the apostles and afterwards first Pope hnd Bishop of Rome, upon a trifling temptation denied that he was a follower or Christ, and backed up the statement with an oath; the apostles were weak and fearful as they awaited the fulfilment of the promise of the Redeemer which occured on Whit Sunday. ‘ Then they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and began to speak in divers tongues the wonder I ful works of God.' These twelve poor ignorant Galilean fisherman were thenceforth able to address Arabians, Greeks, Turks, and other nationalities in their native tongues, and so strong was their faith, that one after another they laid down their lives in defence of it. The exception was St. John, the author of the Acts of the Apostles, who was placed into a cauldron of boiling oil, but was miraculously preserved from the slight est pain during the ordeal and emerged from it stronger than ever. The question was sometimes asked did the Holy Ghost descend upon people at the present day 1 He answer ed in the affirmative. The Holy Ghost was received in Baptism, which was the sacra ment which conferred the gift of Faith ; the Holy Ghost descended into the soul in the sacrament of Confirmation, which was con ferred by the Bishop to strengthen Faith, and it was conferred upon the priest at his ordination in the sacrament of Holy Orders. It was the spirit of the Holy Ghost which enabled the "unlettered apostles to seal the truths of the gospel with their blood, and it was the same spirit to-day. which caused the {youngman to quit the congenial surroundings of his home—parents, brothers, sisters and friends—to .’prepare to parts unknown the wide world over, to spread the truths of the Catholic Church.. Most of the priests in this country had come here from distant parts, and he could say from a quarter if a century’s experience that'they discharged their duties {earnestly,and faithfully.^ It Svas not the little money they received that altraeteil Them: for if they were influenced by such considerations they would be like Judas who .sold his Master for thirty pieces of silver. 