EYRE'S ACQUITTAL. Br HELEN MATHERS. ] PART III. CHAPTER IL— con/t»i*d. Melhnen !' exeleimed Mr. Eyre, think- 1 ing of a letter he had received years ago. ' What is his club 7' be added. 'Naval and Military; bat he rarely shows there. Hates to be spoken to; got a little tonched in the head through sunstroke in India, and won't answer if by mistake anyone addresses him as 4 Lovel.' ' I shall try and find bitn to-morrow/ said Mr. Eyre, carelessly ; and the sub ject dropped. Madcap heard all, and grew paler as the evening passed ; for what could this meeting between the two men bring about bat trouble ? And yet, if the antipathy felt by Major Melhnen were doe to his friendship for Lord Love) and bis being a little ' touched,' might not they come to some such good understanding as might bring bitn Into her life again ? As they drove home Mr. Eyre said. 1 Too have always wanted to see Frank, child ; well, yon hare seen him to-day— as be wonld bare been if he li*ed— bat it lies given me a queer tarn — almost as if 1 had died and cotue hack a ghost to find a stranger strolling in my image, Bnt why, if that wag Methnen, be should look at me as 1 were his enemy, God knows ; unless, being Frank's friend, be bas taken np bis quarrels/ * Did yon qcarrel with Lord Lovel, father V said Madcap, trembling. ( Not I — bnt he behaved ill to me, and wonld never come to any explanation— thoogh two minntes face to face wonld have pot an end to the nmnnderstfloding. Perhaps Methucn has the key to the riddle —(Madcap started at the excited note in her father's voice)— if so, I'll borrow or steal it/ JSo there had been only a misunder standing between her father and Lord Lot el, end two such men as Mr. Eyre and Lancelot moBt understand each other when they met, thought Madcap, thopgh still cast down by thoughts of her deceit, And sorely, if only for the sake of his child friend, for her likeness to that other Mad cap he hod known and loved, this man would bory the hatchet, and make friends. And through all her thoughts ran the lilt of an old song, that seemed to sing in at her ear6 and heart : — Aud will I see his face again ? And 'will I hear him apeak ? I'm downright diz^y wi' tbe thochght ; ' In troth I'm like to greet. CHAPTER III. \- Madcap V cried Donne, as coming quickly inio tbe breakfast- room, he lonnd his sister there alone; 1 what arc yon doing here so early ? 1 thonght you and Lady Ann never rotie till nine ?' 1 Then yon have thought wrong,' Baid Madcap, turning a shoulder, not a cheek, to Donne's offered kiss ; 1 thoogh, to be sore, 1 wonder yoo took tbe trouble to think at all on the subject 1' 1 Have 1 neglected you, Madcap V said tbe young fellow, remorsefully. ' Bnt you Bt*e i hate never elayed in town before; and there is so much to interest one, and I like to hear father speak* * Bnt you never listen to nie /' said Mad cap, wbo had kept a bone to pick with her brother these five years, and now produced it 'it is always read, read j learn, learn ; but no pouring out , no passing on of your treasures to other folkB. Have you ever thought bow utterly Belfieh, bow demora lizing all this reading is ?' 'But I have not read at all lately/ sad the dark, ever brilliant-eyed youug man; * 1 only look on, and listen' ' But why cau't you talk Y cried Mad cap, stamping ber loot like a little fury, bnt laughing all the while. ' When I was little, yon talked rigmaroles to me by tbe hour, but whfn I grew up, and began to get flirong and — and stout,* 6he added, glancing at a mirror (hat showed her slim proportions, 1 you took to those wretched books, and never thought of mo again !* ' Didn't 1 !' be said, with something of the old boyHh ring of jealousy in hia voice. ' Well, perhaps 1 found out long ago that father is first witb yoa and the real uow b«ce.' ' Wh*n did yoo find that ont Y said Madcap, turning round, and showing u very, happy face in spite of her wrongs. 4 O 1 hy bit*,' saiu her brother, moodily, as he walked to the other window and looked out ; 4 but I've learned my lesson B(im-'hnw, thoogh 1 did not discover it iu my boohs.' ' And yoo love me better than them ?' phe said, draw*ng near. 'And you love me as well as father?' eaid her brother, toeing round. 1 Yes — only differently.' 'There teas a time/ baid the young man i looking at her with UiasutiBfied eyes, 1 wheu ' nothing would induce you to put one of us i before the other; * Dad and Doony' you1 would eay when asked which yoa liked best ; but ijow'— 1 Have I neglected you, dear ?' she said using hiB own questiou, as ahe came close to him and look his long supple hand— - the hand of a scholar and a thinker. * Perhaps,' be said, 1 we bare both something to blame ourselves with on that score. And every day. that I live I miss my mother more. But that is not yonr fault ; and, to be sure, I neglected yon once for Gordon ; jnst as now, when father is ont of the way, yon neglect me for him * ' For Gordon Y she said, as she stood on tiptoe to kiss her brother's cheek. 1 0 ! poor Gordon \ Ask him, and he will tell you if I prefer his company to yours 1' 1 Poor Gordon, indeed I' said Donne, looking at her with some rebuke; (a better fellow never lived, and if you are going to treat bim hs^ly' ? 4 Come to tbe Park with us this morning and see for yourself how I treat him ?' said Madcap, feeling happier in her home treasures than she had done for years, 1 and pot all those fosty books out of your head, and forget all yonr first-class honours for tbe next three montbB 1' 'The honours are easily forgotten,' said Boone, with one of those rare smiles that made bim more than ever like his father. ' But I can't forswear my books, Madcap, any mote than you conld your woodB.' 1 We will make a compromise,' she said; sometimes you shall come with me to the woods, and sometimes I will look into yonr books— and so we will be more together than we have been/ added the girl, wistfully, as she put both arms roond ber brother's neck and kissed him with all her heart 1 Darling Madcap/ said Donne/ * I shall be glad when we get home again, thongb London is not balf snch a bad place as I expected.' Madcap thought it was very good, as she stood witb Donne's arm round her, smelling tbe sweet slocks and mignonette that filled tbe sills of the open window. . . . . Hard by a band bad begon to play, and better too (in her ears) than the Horse Goards had played yesterday in the Park ; and for tbe first time she tasted the charm o! that throbbing town life with out, while she lejoiced in the home life within, and 6tood listening and quite happy till Lady Ann came in followed hy Mr. tyre. Both paused on the threshold confound ed, and for a 6econd mistook Donne for Gordon, till Madcap looked round and fiew to ber father, wishing ber duenna 1 Good*morcing' by tbe way. He looked worn and unrated ; bother heart most have been hard that morning, for she was io wild spirits all through breakfast, astonishing Saunders, who thought she had taken one of those occas ional leaves out of her father's book in which be was ' fey/ Gordon was lodged in the Albany, and seldom showed at breakfast in Cureon street ; but this morning he made Lady Ann, at least, happy by coming in before they had left the table, and contributing bis qoota to tbe brightness and good looks of the table. ( What shall yon do this morning?' he said, when he had reached his Princess, and found her so joyons and kind that his own spirits ran np like quicksilver. 4 1 shall walk,' she said. ' You, Doune and I— and Lady Ann,' she added, re membering her sheep-dog, with an effort; ' and father frill come to ns later— when he has got his business over — won't you Dad ?' she added eagerly. { Yes, child/ he said, absently, 'unless I ha»e to hunt for Methaen. But I have got hiB mother's address, and shall find him no doubt/ ' Methucn ? ' said Gordon, looking op; * why, yon will never catch him, Sir; he is not at home to his oldest friends, and io fact has forgotten tbem all — for be is cracked/ ( 1 wish yon had half his brains/ thought Madcap, longing to box the boy's ears, ai)d sighing for 6ome scar to tone down his beauty, while Mr. Eyre said, 1 Yoa have met him— yoo know him by Bight/ * Yes/ said Gordon, 1 he was pointed ont to me lung ego, cnrionsly resembling the Lovels— and purticnlary my cousin Frank. It seems that h* is tied to town by his mother's illness. She is bed-ridden, i and cannot be moved ; bnt he rarely shows anywhere, and lives like a hermit.' 4 Then he will he the more easy to find,' said Mr. Eyre, as he rone end went ont. 1 What bas npspt father ?' said Donne, looking after him ; while Gordon looked at Madcap, aud strove to derive auguries of his day's good from her face. * He is going to pay a morning call,' Baid Madcap, jumping up and stretching out her arms u* though t*he would like to fly for joy; 4 but 1 must rnh after him,. and tell him wh«re to find us ? beside Apollo, I think — he couldn't miss ns there — though, for my part, I hate Apollos !' she added, as 6he r«o out of the room. The young men laughed, bnt Lady Ann frowned— ahe saw trouble ahead, and wore btT gravest look, as Gordon sat down I esidc her aud Aclti'd if she had received any fresh news of his mother. 1 She is coming over in Jnne/ said Lady Ann; 4bm yonr cousin Nancy'— 1 Why are all llm Lovels either Ann nr Nancy?' said Madcap, laughing, as she stole between them. 4 But I am not a Lnvel/ said tho elder lady, with dignity j « \ merely married one— the Honourable John Lovel — it is my own riuht that 1 nm Lady Ann/ 4 But Dnkes daughters »r no/ Raid Madcap, tllly, ' there is always a Nancy among the Lnvels— and perhaps the one yon are talking about will suit Gordon )' She was nut at the door Itefore aunt and nephew recovered from this bomb, nnd had fiowa up 6lairs to Nan, who sat ns iirmly fixed to her 'neara' here as at Lore], and scarcely looked np as herj young mihtr&-B rushed in. - Madcap snatched the linen out of the ; woman's hands and tossed it behind Iter back ; then, as Nan stared, said, f I am going to walk in the Park this morning, j and yoa are to come down with me and | choose my prettiest gown ' — whereupon the woman followed, shaking her head i with vague forebodings of unsuspected] wooers as she went, and ready to find fault with every garment submitted to ber inspection. Bot when Madcap had made her own choice, and was dressed in a clean cotton gown, witb those minntiaa of a lady's toilette that mark it rigoorously re spected. Nan admitted that she had never seen her young mistress look better, or even so well, in those low-necked frocks tbat had shocked her with their boldness* 1 After all/ cried Madcap, a conple of honre later, as, escorted by her two henchmen, she set oat for the Park, * I shonld not wonder if 1 ended by liking town very much 1' 'God forbid !' thonght Gordon; bnt Doune laughed and Baid, 'And I prophesy that in less than a month yon will be running away from it and hiding yourself in tbe remotest corner ol your beloved woods/ 'And if I do,' she said, 'yon shall bring one of yonr beloved books, and we will sit there together, yon and I V 'And how about Gordon ?' said Donne, seeing tbe shade on his friend's face. 1 Gordon may come too,' said Madcap, a little onwillingly, as a child who makes a face to itself while it gives the kiss to which it is commanded ; 'but he will have lots to do looking after tbe estate 1 * She looked op at bim with a smile, bright and cold as a January sun, and he never felt farther away from ber as be walked tbat short step witb ber to tbe Park, while she had never teemed so happy before. For was not Doune by ber side, come back to bis old boyish love and care of ber; had not her father been kind yester day, and was there not a secret, half guilty hope in her heart that put new rainbow tints on everything at which she gazed ? How smart and fresh the women looked in their fresh cottons or cambrics how much more becoming this costly sim plicity than the undress worn at sundown ! And all looked their bet-t, and nearly all so happy— as glad as Madcap to shuffle off the coil of winter clothes, and come out in their proper 6hapep, and 6m≪ sweet Jrcsh scents; all eager, too, in laying plans for new pleasure*, as if this were their first campaign, and the spring lasted forever . . . . and among the girl-faces Madcap's was the brightest and attracted the most attention from the lookers-on. She was already known by sight, and by hearsay celebrated as her father's daughter, and half-a dozen gossips who moved briskly soon finished the business, so that, after half-an- honr of hard staring at, the young men both longed to beat a retreat. Kach dreaded lest some whisper from these evidently well-informed people shoold reach her ear, and break her happiness for ever; and for the first time Donne realised how terrible was the risk Mr. Eyre had nm in exposing her to the chances of a London season. For long ago Donne had heard the story of his mother's death, and one day hpd sought his father, andt wilh flaming eyes, said, ' They say yoo killed my mother. Bid yon ?' That interview made father and son firmer friends than kfore ; but this boy, wbo went through all his agony without a sign to her, trembled for Madcap when she should come to the same bitter know ledge as himself. 4 It is unbearably hot,1 he said to his sioter, after some half-dozen tnrns, in which Madcap had been admired, criticised, and envied more than any other woman in the Park. ' Hot ?' said Madcap, looking up to the scantily-clothed clothed trees overhead, through which tbe April sun conld not shine hard enough to excuse that fine lady's freak, a parasol. ' It is perfectly delightful ; and father will be waiting for us beside Apollo presently.' * He won't come/ said Donne, moodily, as he turned once more to see Madcap ran the gaantiet of looked and whispered com ment; bnt wss forced to smooth l.is brow, as jaBt then they met Mr. Eyre's OacWs, looking a&be;&utMal; in her morn ing gown as only a woman can who abhors cosmetics and has stood by her own heart (though, mickle dole, much pain it had taught her) for nigh upon a score of years. Yet at seven.and- thirly she might have templed almost eny man save Mr. Eyre, for love had winnowed her nature, leaving only that better part which writes its mark on a woman's brow and lips for aye; and if she looked at the younger Madcap coldly, seeing her her rival as surely as the older one had been, there was more heart in the look than there bad been eighteen years ago. ' Father will be here presently,1 said Madcap, unconsciously admitting the affinity she found between the two middle aged friends ; * and there'B yonr Nancy 1 ' she added in a sly aside to Gordon, who looked as broken backed and wretched as any other well-bred young man bonnd to appear in pnhlic as fiance, Bnt Nancy, humbly escorted, wonld not look a second time at her rival so proudly panoplied, and p86sed on, bnt not before Gordon had caught the jealons flush on a I cheek almost as lovely ah Madcap's. 1 Tbe two had been friends all their lives, and ho quickened his elep to join her, at which Madcap, though looking a little astonished, said, 4 How I wish he would fall in love with ber 1' 4 They wonld make a handsome pair,' said the Duchese, who had one fixed idea —that when Mr. Eyre was robbed of this second Madeap he might posnibly seek consolation where assuredly it would not be denied him. 4 There be is 1' cried the girl, a minute or two later ; and the DuchesK thonght I no lovers could have moved more qnickly at sight of each other th»n did tbi* father and daughter at Apollo's feet, Madcap crying out, 4 Have yon found him ?' He looked cross and vexed at the ques tion, then beyond ber at the Dachese, and went forward, and was never more fascin ating and polished than in the ten mmptes walk tbat left the three young people to follow as they choose behind them.. ' And have you fallen io love with Miss Nancy Y said Madcap, half an honr later to Gordon ; 1 and she is so pretty, and so in love with yoo 1* She bad skirmished off to the library before the longing to kiss or box her ears bad left him ; bnt ber high spirits went out suddenly st sight of her father sitting grim and silent at his table, with that vexed look that always strikes so sad and unfamiliar ou young eyes. ' Dad,' she said, timidly, as she stole np behind him and ventured to draw his head to her shoulder, 1 bas anyone vexed yon to-day — have you been disappointed Tbe gentle touch, tbe loving voice, moved him almost as potently as his wife'is bad done when one of his dark fits over came him ; nnd surely his child was hiB own, not Gordon's yet, or eny other man's. Bot be did not say what his disappoint ment had been as be kissed ber, nor for many weeks did she again bear the name of Major Methaen from ber father's lips. CHAPTER IV. Three times, in tbe course of nearly as many months, Madcap had seen Major Methoen afar off; twice from tbe top of Gordon's coach, and once on foot at Bushey Park, though the trees seemed to swallow bim op es she gazed ; bnt never at a ball or dinner ; never under a friends roof, or any place where the world and his wife might be expested. But Mr. Eyre had not been so fortunate ; for thoogh he had called sopereisteatly at Mrs. Methuen'e honse as almost to feel like a beggar who haunts a door- step, the answer was always the same; Major Methnen was invariably 'oot/ By way of variation, he was sometimes ont of town, and his return -indefinite, or he had jnst come in and jnst gone out again ; thoogh the miracIc of it was, that no one ever met him abroad, while he had not showed at his club lor months. Mr. Eyre at first attributed this avoid ance of him to the man's well- known aversion to any sort of society, and also the dislike he was known to entertain to any friends of the late Lord Lovel ; hnt when his lettere were disregarded, Mr. Eyre began to sospect that there wa6 some secret here, and became the more resolute in hiB advance 06 the other retreated. Could it be possible that in dying Frank Lovel had dropped some words that Melhnen had picked np; that this doppel gimger actually held the cine that Mr. Eyre believed to bave been lost witb Frouk ? Yet he coald have sworn that was Frank himself whose eyes had met his ; an 1 at night and at odd times strange thoughts wonld come iuto Mr. Eyre's mind, and his mind was rapidly passing into that seething, restless state which in eiery in stance had betokened with him disaster. He withdrew himself as much as possible from politics, and then avoided tbe society of everyone save Madcap, who had lost some of her brightness as the season ad vanced, yet for some curious reason did not once urge her father to leave town. Surely, never had a chit of a country girl sach a season before, said the woman who envied her, and rejoiced to see her cheek pale (though men seemed to find a new loveliness in it), and honed she smarted inwardly from some heart-wound that even her ten thousand a year was not able to core. One thing was very clear, tbat she never missed an opportunity of throwing Nancy Lovel end her consin to gether, to Donne's secret dissatisfaction, though his love for Madcap wonld not let him own it. Tbe two girls had somehow become friends, and were to. be seen everywhere together; bnt while Madeapwas happy in thinking tbe cousins were falling in love with each other, Miss Nanciebel*6 heart tarried behind with the brother and sister, who followed, and only the blindness of a fixed idea coold hove kept enlightenment from the girl who in this instance was em phatically her own father's daughter. She thonght Doone's carelessness ahont the House, his dislike to talk of that career into which he had formerly thrown himaelf, arose from a feeling of neglect towards herself, and many a happy hour between him and Nanciebet had she Twinn'd of ita sweet life, in her eagerness to give Gordon and his cousin time in which to arrive at some plensint understanding. Those who had watched Doune's brilliant youth said that the young man was falling off lamentably from his high ambitions, and pointed to his doily plsapuring as a dishonour to those intellectual gifts that, properly devested, should be of some serrice to his couutry. But perhaps in discovering that a young woman in a long gown may be as sweet, fresh, and lovable as a child in a short one, Doune had in cluded more than his sister, was uncons- ciously making his choice bet*e-*n tbe good of love, the evil of ambition, till one fine day all his honours and sll h s brilliant hopes faded before the answer oi a pair ot blue eyes that had grown shy of me ing hiB, but in which he might find that b pjii ness which had made his father dexd to ambition through OTer a score of years. Was he not choosing ' the better pari'? His death-bed someday would answer that question. Nunciebel acquiesced in Mad cap's whim, but reserved io herself the ' right of listening for Douue's oHsieps by | day and dremning of him by night. She ; was lovely as Madcap in ber own style, and had long ago forgotten the childish , fancy for her consin that had made her dislike Madcap at first sight. The two girln talked of gowns and chiffons, but never of hearts ; so that the whole qnartette were nt odds. Gordon prosed to Nancy of Madcap, Nancy knew that Doune half suspected her of an at tachment to Gordon, while Madcap be lieved Gordon to have been judiciously dc taohed from berself to ber cousin; and Doune, for the first time in his life, found his sister as aggravating as the lovliest woman on earth can be when by accident she finds herself in tbe place of a mnch coveted somebody else. Lady Ann looked on with satisfaction, reading little between the lines, and satisfied to Bee two pair of lovers where before there was only one. One morning in late June, Gordon read out at breakfast tbe announcement of Mrs. Metbuen's death, tbe preceding day but one, and Madcap trembled ; but no one looked at her, as Mr, Eyre, starting up and exclaiming, ' He cannot be out this time 1' — left the room and, almost irome- 1 diately after, tbe house. ' Poor chap ; he'll be more craeked than ever now/ said Gordon cheerfully; bot what on earth can he mean by dodging tbe father these three months V (Zb be continued.) 