In Parramatta Gaol. Br Lante Spot. A Faction riOHT— A Tin Pocket— McGuiRE ANJ- TUB Goon PjS'Jl'IiK— . The Dance or Dea.th— In the Devil's Bite — Thauy's Loyalty. pTo.Y.] ' What's your opinion of ghosts, pard?' asked the President as I'di vosted myself . of iny ulster -aud settled comfortably into my clidir before the five. 'Hero's Thady boon tolling us some awful stories, and ho swears that evory word of tliom is true.' 'Oh! ' I replied laughing, ' that's Thr.dy all over. Sure he thinlcs lopre chauus, good pooplo, and banshees', are ns roal as tiny llosh and blood, but my own opinion of ghosts _ is that thoy arc moan, conlomptiblo, niisorablo humbugs that go prowling about at night, frightoning old mains, and haunting desorted places that a decent, respectable rat would bo ashamed to inhabit. Did anyone over hoar of a ghost appearing to anybody but a poor, norvoless creature that — — ' 'Whist, Lnnto, for the lovo of Heaven whist,' almost groaned Thady, 'sure yoz don't know what yor talkin about atoll.' . 'Anyway, we know of this much,' snid tho Professor 'that you said you could charm all tho rats in tho gaol away, and what did you do? Caught a poor, harrnloss old cat that was fol lowing a bit of moat the boys tied to the end of your charm.' ' Thady,' I said oarnostly whon the laughtor had subsided and the Olaro boy's tomper commenced to riso, 'I know it's no use in talking to you about theso things and asking you not to boliovo in thorn, but, toll me this, did you over see a ghost yourself ? ' ' Timita. mo bhov.' almost solomnly said Thady, 'I have soon not one ghost, or sporritsrathor, but scores of thom, and that's as thrue as you're there, and that tho Profossor will have a big Yallack by himself by-and-bye.' 'That settles it,' intorposod the President, ' so. by virtue of my oflico, I call upon McGuire to spin his yarn.' After a general chorus of . hear, hoars, McGuire rol atod the following : — ' PivQ- and-thirty years ago, bhoys, I was youngor and more active than I am to-day, and I could handle mo black thorn and hurley wid any gossoon in the three parishes that mot just within a stono's throw of mo father's plot of ground. I was at ovory fair, wake, or weddin for nulos round, and thero '.'? wasn't a purty girl in tho county that didn't lcnow; the taste of young Thady McGuiro's lips, and be^the samo tokon many of the lads had -a tasto of Thady 's kippoon for daring to disputo his right to have that samo. My groat com panion in all me frolics was Dennis Dohorty, as sprightly a sthripplin as yo'd moot in a day's walk, and wid ono of tho handsomest girls for a sister that wns to be. seen in all Ireland. 'Twas mo was the proud bhoy whon I lod beautiful 'grey-oyod Kitty Doherty to tho top of tho llure at a danco or wake, and made tho boards jump agin under our twinklin foot. JJUL 4. 1UUBU j£AU UU ^UU XXXU OU11U1J about what I saw ono night. I must first toll yez though, that ono day wo wore at a fair .at Inniahowen, Kitty, niyiiolf and Dennis, and moighty proud I was to soo tho envious eyes tho bhoys wore makin for having Kitty so oloso to ins, whon ono of tho Clancy's kom up, and standing fornonst us, son, in his half driinken way, '?' Shuro thin it's nnglity cockod up yoz are this line clay, wid tho purty peacock on yor arm, but yez all forgit that sho's a Dohorty, and that hor grandmothor Avoro ' a tin pockot.' I must oxplain that ho moant bo that, tho ould Dohorty's had niado ? th&iislmonojyfor; thoy woro purty snug, bt«Vceopiu n sthill. Woll, tho words woro no sooner but of his lips whon Dannis iloorod him wid a tip of his sthiclq and ho was. no sooner down than half n, dozen Clancy's run up to take his part. ' Take Kitty away ' says Dennis to mo, ' for there's going to be warm work, and got all tho boys yo can comin back.' Ye may bo shure that before ye could cry crack I had Kitty whipped into a booth, and graspin- mo good blackthorn was soon in the middle of the fray. In tin minutes 1 hero wasn't an idlo man at the fair. Be jabers, it makes mo ould blood warm now, whon I think of the heads wo bruk, and how we huutod the Clancy's, and the Grogaus, aud all thoir faction, out of tho fair. Many a bould gossoon was laid out for dead, but thanks bo to God, there was nobody kilt outright, though how some of thom oseapod was a miracle. It was growing dark whon the fight was over and the last of Clancy's fac tion had made ? thomsolvos scarce, and be that time yoz may know that we had many soro heads among ourselves. Woll, wo plastered our wounds up tho best way wo could, and thon Dennis said to mo, ' Thady we must got Kitty homo safe, and thin we'll go over- to Widdy Careys and make a night of it.' Mo blood was up, and I was fit for anything, so packing Kitty off with tho ould people, about tin of us started off up tho mountain side to Widdy Careys sheboen, whore we thrimmed up our cuts and had some potheen that took all tho soronoss out of us. We sat for hours, singin songs,.tollin over again' how wo won the fight that day, and drinkin pothoon like mother's milk, till one after auothor was stretched round tho cabin iluro lookin for all tho world with thoir bandaged heads, like corpses after a battle. Towards two in the mornin I nudged TWinis t.linf. tens t.inifi to bft off. as WO had a good sthep to go over tho moun tain, and the night was as black as tho aco of spades. Wo'fillod a couple of bottles to keep tlio could out, and at last facod the night, and a wild on it /was. We tramped on for many a mile singin and shoutin to keep our sperrits up, and evory now and again havin a ?dhrop of tho cratur to keep' us warm. Wo got on very well till we como to a pass in the mountain called the Devil's Bite, and though I had Dennis wid me, me heart began to thump, for many a quaro sthory had beon tould round tho hob, about that same place and how in the ould timos many a fine man who vontured to pass into it at night was never seen agin. The more I tried not to think of theso things, the moro they kem orowdin on mo, and the of toner I took the cork out of. tho bottlo. At last Dennis gavo a lurch and thripped over a stone and- the divil a up 1 could get him. 'Go home Thady' sez ho ' go homo me bhoy, but thesorra a foot I'll stir more to night,' and with that he curlod him self up and foil fast asleep. I threw mo cloak over him, for 1 can toll yoz I was sober enough be this time, and mutteriu mo blossin on him I started off alone down the pass. It was mighty slow walkin I can tell yez, for 1 had to pick me way over stones and rocks and round furze bushes, till I was that weary andhoart broken that I could almost have cried. At length I raiohod a bind in tlio pacu, anu x whs gwu w ui-oojj under a big rock to get a spoil out of tho cold wind.. I tuckod mesolf up, and had a long sup of tho potheen, aftor which I felt me sperrits rovivo, mid I beiran, for tho first time siiico I left Widdy Carey's, to think of Kitty. How long I sthoppod there I don't know, 'but all vt wanst I opc-nod mo oyos, and what was mo surprise, to soe straight forninst mo, a fino big cabin, all lit up liko day, and sounds of jiggin and fiddlin goin on inside. Woll, this batos Bannaghor thinks, I who ovor .heard of a house in tho Divil's Bite. I rubbed mo oyos and stood up aud shook mosolf, bufr~ there was no mistako, I wasn't dramin or nsloop ; there stood thohouso, and such a house ! It looked for all the world liko one of those counthry places yo sop in England, wid gablos and square shaped long windies all ovor it. But the curiesost part of it was that I could see tho whole place, every sthicK and stono about it, as plan as daylight. Every windy blazed with light, as though thoro was a jolly fire in each room, and hundreds of candles alight. The walls outside were shinin as if the full moon was in tho sky, but shure tho eky.was like iuk and there was no moon at all. I stood and looked and listened, an I could hear sounds of voices, men's and women's and all so natural that I began to pluck up mo courage. I had another pull at at tho potheen, and takin a good hould of me blackthorn I marched bouldly over to the door and gavo a soundin whack that seornod to have struck tho mountain on eveiy side at wanst. Before I had time to think of a prayer, tho door flew open and the light from inside nearly blinded me. I stood a sucond, dazed like, when_ a voice that sounded for all the world like the silver bells at vespers said 'Oh shuro here'u o surprise! Why it's mo ould sweetheart Thady McGuire,' and at the samo time an arm was put round mo waist and a beautiful cratur all in satin and goold draggod mo inside. I felt bowildered, and frightened, and at the same time sootherod, by feeling tho arms of tho lovely crathur clasped round me waist. All at once, tho music that had stopped for a minute, sthruck up 'Tho wind that shakes the barley,' and without knowing what I did, I fluug me arms round me purty partnor and spun her into the middle of the fluro I danced and dance.c? like a '?mn.flmn.Ti. nnd all the time I couldn't take mo eyes off that girl She had skin like' the driven snow, and hor hair wns coiled round her head, liko golden snaik's. Whilo we wore dauoin tho room began to fill with all sorts of quare people. Little fellows ha'f up to yer kneos dressed in red breeches, and jackots, and red caps, wid gold tassels, on their heads ; purty girls of all sorts, fair, dark, short, tall, thin and stout, but overy one of ' them rale vayneses Tho room wns now filled with dancers, the music changed,' and now everyone was' flying round, duiicin fiercely madly to a wild thune. The thune rose loudor and highor, and the the dancers moved fasther to keep' time with the unearthly music — un- earthly and wild, but ;so beautiful that I thought I could have listened to it for iver. At times it was like the ? 1 ? 1* J_T. ? 1- J.1. _ „„. ,'!,.„.„ rt i wmci signm turougii uiu tispuei^ siu night, and then it roso to a roar liko tho waves breaking on the beach in_ a storm. Yot with ail this changin sound, the roar of a storm, and the wailin of the wind — tears and laughter and pain— -tho music still kept time and thune and the mad dance wont on without a pause. The angol, or devil, or what ever sho was, that had nio for a partner, kept on whirling round and round, her eyes each moment grown brightpr and her steps increasing in speed. Hor shinin hair come loose aud seemed to be flyin round hor like thin goldon flames. How long this ? .1 nnAMn v-*n n 1..m-i4- n« T /Itltlllfl ll 111 suddenly mo blood lost all its boat, mo honrt stood still, an I tried to cry out but couldn't, when I heard the voice of Mary O'Farroll, beautiful Mary, who had boon dead an buriod many a long day, whisper in me oar 'Thady for the love of hoavon don't tasto, bite or sup in this plaoo, or you're lost.' . The voice of that angel soemod.to have brokon the spell that bound mo, I struggled to shout, to say a pr'ayor, but I was helpless, I sopmod turned to stono. One of the girls, drossod in outlandish clothos, kem' up to me wid a gold oup of somo sparkling fluid, and held it to my lips. ? Tho smr;ll of tho stuff niadojmo mad to tasto it, tho girl put her arms round mo neck and sang a soft strange song liko laughiu and cryin all in one, but again I heard Mary's warning, and I flung tho girl from me. With a loud shroik fhe throw tho cup on the ground, it turned to liquid fire as it touched tho floor, and the whole place was at once iii a blaze. Suddenly the music stopped, the dancers swept out of the room in the same way they had' entered, the lights faded, thefire grow dim and I fell fainfcin on the hearthstone. I disremenlber any thing else thathapponedthatuwful night, but whon I woko in the mornin 'twas broad daylight, and I was stiff, sore, and cold. Thoro were no sign of a .house or cabin, or any human or un human being, and yez maj' be sure I was'nt long puttin as much ground as I could, between tho Devils Bite and meself . I was siviu weeks in bed with faver, so if yez don't thinii after that experriance that 1 ought'nt to believe in ghosts why heaven help yoz that's all I can saj\' ' So you think you saw tho good people that night?' asked the Pro lessor. ' Think!' almost shrieked Thady,1, 'do yo think I see yor thero ? Woll as thruo as we're all hero so shure jis it that at the Devils Bite that night I danced wid ] a Banshoo.' ' McGuire ' asked the Professor again, this time with a very serious air ' you seem tu know so much about the inhabitants of the other world, that I want you to tell me one thing. Sup pose now the old boy was here with only you and mo, which of us do you think ho would try to eaten ? ' Which of us you gomoch? Why mo to be shure for he's dead certain of you ' replied Thady nnd grasping me by the sleeve lie whispered ' lot's go and dhrink tho Queens health this blissed 21th of May, and may she live long enough to sign Gladstone's Home Rule Bill V' AVo went. 