THE "POOR TEMPERANCE GHOST." TO THE EDITOR. SIR,—People believed that the IRRIGA- TIONIST was in sympathy with the temperance work, and it is well they should be undeceived, so as to be able to distinguish friends from foes. Will you permit the declaration of the continued existence of the Temperance Party, notwithstanding the IRRIGATIONIST'S premature exultation over its demise 1 Your report of last week's meeting of the Council candidates refers to the Temperance ghost, wan and bediaggled, inebriated with the town water, and infected with typhoid germs—a terrible apparition, truly! for which the valiant Doctor, we are told, with heroic courage, went straight; and, being so limp and watery, it fell an easy victim to his irresistibly convincing logic. Alas, poor ghost! what could it do but vanish to slow music, when the son of Esculapius pronounced it to be nothing but a ghost —and even worse than that, actually a religious ghost! and therefore not respectable enough te sit at the Council table of corporeal citizens and substantial town councillors. Now the temperance body altogether dispute the effectiveness of this exorcism ; they have too much respect for the Doctor, as a man of medicine, to believe that he can play the part of a " Medicine Man," whose proper function it is to lay troublesome spirits. It is not at all to be wondered at that the enemies of temperance—those who so delight in calling " spirits from the vasty deep — are elated at an imaginary triumph over their opponents in this matter ; but there's an old North country proverb that fits them exactly: " Don't halloa till yon are oat of the wood." Don't let those who believe in spirits (six bottles to the gallon) as a panacea for all the ills that flesh is heir to, lay the flattering unction to their soul that the Temperance party are reduced to the spirit condition of impalpability and helplegsneBS. &assu;«dthat they .are not yet so ethereal that they'may be walked through with impunity, nor so immaterial in substance that their crusade against mischief and evil can be safely resisted, either by doctors' delusions or journalistic jibes.—Yours, etc., [It is very dear that our. correspondent is the " worser half " of the body of the temperance ghost, for the soul most be dead indeed that takes such a joke as he alludes to and clothes it with such wailing snd lamentation. He does well to withhold his name from the pnblie eye. He wonld be known by the soubriquet of *«The Ghost" for ever and a day. The intention of the comments to which he alludes—as everybody knows but himself—was to ridicnle—not Temperance as agreatl and beneficent principle—bat the mere ghost of it which our promoters and law-givers have presented to us in their provisions lor the. MQdura settlement In the Settlement on lands Act, just passed, 'a clause has been inserted forbidding "agencies"and "clnbs"^In idlsettlements nnder the Act, and where these are absent it will be found that the people will enjoy, • instead of the mere ghost or shadow, the substantial blessings attendant on Jhe prohibition of the drink traffic; But we ate afraid It will take the v'better half" of "The Body of Ihe .TempeEance Ghost*', to grasp thiB fact. Can'ironr correspondent get the "better half"to write Ida next letter El>.] ? ON BEHALF OF THE BODY OF THE TEMPERANCE GHOST. ? 