t0orvmranr.1 MAORILAND 110! Nature's Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY Al'LIAd lvESTBURY. ilAPTERl XVI l.-C·ogN' l:!'. It les a aignificantt fact Ilhat old It ag:n, the lMaori, andtl It well known duInwaltic at the statioll, had iot Lbeen sot'I or heitod of sillieC ith daty on which Nita want car rind elf' by Plaul liarjow. Tl'hough all the onreolittint care nml tlIedeir allllSiln of IMadatln Elsie, Niti Iltrry had so far rietcvered an to Ibe aI l tol occompanlly th Iat ladyj itn Imtiy tl nuatlny rainhlo ..littest the o halthi-giving gcl-es andl brixwy ridges of l'ioefallt. Sonllolow these two had grown greatly nattlhed to each other-how or why, tniuither of lthum, had they boon ques tionnd on the subject, would have bioun able to explain. Under tile circumstancalc it was buIt natural that Nita should fuel grateful to otne who had exhibited such watchflulnet s on her behalf ; but the girl, with that innalie subtetly of womaniy tactI which characltrinesIu the x, ditcorelltd ia more than friendly kindness in Madams Elsie. . Every look, every itt and word bore with it a soft, and motherly gentle lieOR thaLt Ian unllnistakeablte. " Ali I f I had oily been Iblest with a mothlr like you, Madame Elsi," Nita said one day. " Your mnother in dead 1" " Alis, yest I I never knowt' her. " Stay with us, thu: ; yoI slhall be nly daughter," cried the other, with the hot tears welling up into tier kinld blue eyes, -and her voice trembling with emtion.t, SI lhad once a daughtert, it little treasure, who, if silo had Ieoo spnred to me, woult hayo bsoel about your ago. (Gold knoiiviw bIeat what is good for ts I My darling Wae taInken .frot me, intd through all these years, long aind barren with fruit less repining, mly heart lai ecimed cold :.'pld void in its utter lonelinees. lit you catole to itc, Nita ; you, wheot I have kknown but ta few ahort weeks, and lo ! 'ilhe void is tilled uit. My child, Heaven blesses us it ways we lknow nIlt iof. I'leasant the days at l'itifnalls it the pturple glow of the line Attumnal weather. Pleasant for Lieutenant Went, who waus ever by the side of Grico Wellon. Pleasant for 'eniton llow , who loved to be alone ullitt thei leafy Ilrcadeo of the khuri kings, writing poetry on the golden hair and violet eyes of Nita ]Barry. Theur was only onte personago who nplleared to be the odd maIlltl of the party, and tentirely out of place - Temple Vani. " I call son I'ml ill the way," lie o llt tored to himself. " Altogother all hin dranco to tie happitness of the rest, so I'll go. What Iti dickeoan have I in connnon with thou? I, anill outcast. lly best and dearest friend suspects tmeu or it thief, or something worse; and mit I not I" God heltp tno!" A peal of merry laughter comnes to hint as Ihe sits by the window tiuttering and cogitating, Ilarry W\nt and Miss We\\\l don are prOilonadillg armt-inl-ar oi 11 a grans plot beyolnd the garden, and the handsome young siulltern in talking- reolting some wild frakic of his boyhood, probablly. Temple Vane grown deadly pale as heo watches themi-not the lpalottss of envy or hatrodl, but of pain, andll pain eO keen and poignant that the molth shuts iand tightens to repress the sharp agony with llo him. "I wish I was fairly away- tanywhere from this place," he cries, with groan. ' I have been ead to drentu that G(race, ~ire, gentle creatutre, could car for such '1iwrotch n 1I. Ail yet--yet more than nee I thought I saw that ill her eyes rwhich bade Ino holp. Ililo ! for what 7 l'o lmate herself with to villain who has iot oveto a iatuei to Icesltow il ho-- a worthleuss noordtrwell,. who staked hit honor and overy tie of filial lfootion onit a throw of the dicp, anld had not the will anslid courage to any itay I I'lnaw I No more of this idloeday dreaminig. I wont out of the world titted for mito, itto olie of imy owllt maktling. So will I boear it mainfully until I have atotned." He rises till clasps hie hands tightly round the back of his head. It in a strange way that toe hals of pulling himself to gethor-of exerting a will that is certainlly strong nlow, hiowevor it mightt have breen wantingtt in the past. Quietly, but notlle tile less surely, this love for Grace Weldon lhal stolen into his heart. It is the first real love o Ihas over felt for illy womalnl, andt h kllnow it will be the Inst, anid the onlly love he will over know. It is uoleoss to light with it \--that ntollen a setnsolets wasto of vigour, alnd he required all that for what he hadt to do. To get as for away fromt Pinefalle was his first object. IHI would go to Atmerica or Maloico, what did it matter where, no that he wont quickly. He filled a page of Ihis diary, thoui wrote two letters. the first of which lie addrensed io a well-known firm of solicitor, it, Havelock-tho other to'Mia IlHilda Ash ford, Gloncourt. In the ovening he found al opportunity to spOleak to Fonton lowt alonte. *, " Doar boy," hoe aid, "would you be surplrisod i f I totl yt ou It hd dotor mineld to loeave this iplaco at once." "tNo, indeed, Vitiie. Nothinog yoit might do or say wolllt surplrise ito ii tihe lanet," atlsworod Fanton, witih a latigh. " Why, old fellow, what haln come over you tltoseo last few days ? Whtoro do yiao hide youraolf ? 'on my word I if yiou were an aboconding debtor, or tltohe ailill' ,were lyitng il wait foru your body, ytou could not be more of a heortiit. Tlioro'a Madam Elsie and lIiss WVoldon colonstantly plnguino 'tlo with questions abouht yu, woldorlnring, if yellc are ullvell, sliad so tIi. Come, old fellow, rouse uip." '' lMy dear Fotntol, I have mnde o lp ity mind to leavo I'inofalls t-onlorrow." " Boriously ?" " Yes, seroiusly," said Vitno, gravely. "MIaljor Woldon will not hoar of it, dear boy." "1 enl the Inore sorry for tlhat, ilnan meoch as I itelfR gO. It hItIt broio thei greatet desire of tlly lifo liatily that yell ftnd i, Ilowo, otitilt cant in our hit lto. guthor it tollito lmlltllircial inllderlakigtg, wleoreio we tllghlt still roUltil IA we ihavei boeon in the Ilnst, allied alike in intercst and it frieltdlnlip, but--but certlin cloi-t dillons hlave ontotoeil thin satelu if thingts, lltd I rlepont I stllult ldepurt at oitCe." Flotnotl Ilow pgsztes at Iis frilend in tirpriso, aud thenl coelse a louok Ii tounded pride into Ilis eyea ao hte I·"?,t Veno, I am thto lsot ...a i thelo woMd to pry into your aefires bub I boy of you as a friend-nay, as one who owes you something more than mutual eateilo, to tell meo why you have taken this sud den resolve." " I canollt tell you, owe."' "Conuot ?" "No," llFenton lHowe is silent, for there comea to il lc unto Ilre the scene in li' the t at tho diggin.s, aid the adv1ertiseou' i i olk rim'g L,60 reward lfor a notor'ious primo -breaker. It lixes itself Its a oeer. tainty '3n the mu3t3 a ino, now that 'I'Telplo Vall u is i1mplicated. "llelie eo 01', Iho.e, I lmake no o1sall s:3OrItiCIIc In ' 'llle o , 0i alll3n y 1 tlll1 flri'll3,l . but3 the scOrilice is iolre'd t lite shlinho ,of dliltl'," says ani , aft'r33 p,1 ll8ie. Exactly, thinks Ientonl. 11o is the miall liamted, of a sie'ty, 3o1 al, 3.'oiw3 to ?i'e lIin Sell up to Iliilt jllicU lwhwih01 is culao?uriini for him. Poor fellow ! 3i30i3} 3 that his ctll13pn ui3ln 3 3 l3tnai3i0 Lil13nl, Vf tll33 3llinh3 e 9. '1With t refl'eret c 3to oulr jolhilt accou3nt fard331odll d to the l City lian1; at Auclandl, I had It heller yester day freme ti lll Ia3n333er, who 1331r"1i3 ti ln lh3lt 333ir hihn"ructiolsiu hlvo0 Ibeen carried utI. Th'irty thLou3ellld 13poi10ds 1IsUlllrun halis heion diuly placLed to 3olr j3oillt ac collll t ." " I pdl1ed, so much01" says Finton, alulig ulip with a cloud oill his fair" face, a3nd hii Minhd evidently l, upon033 their 3account3 at the 1Baik. " I wnlt to atilt youll It fvor, Il0ow," I adds Vaun, after 3waitingl for Ilas clll 1 pliOn1 to 0133 1kI. " Uortailll. my g?d follow." "i illt your p'it i ssion to divide our imoney," says0 Temple. "(:ranted,' repo3pnds 13'lnlin1,1. 1I will writo ll necessary l ltter to tile a3Ill3llli p-er of the 133alk, and you call p3ost it jointlly with your own3 for thle 3a333n33 pur ipnoe. (Of course, y wl3illt3 are3 few. I do not rellquir.e sixteen thiousand pllounds l3r a33ything like that 1U0m0 . rVani. Say you (like twenty thllousanlld, tand hlavoe ii0 tihll odd tunl. Elh I come, you wo0u'L re fuso I3o." Vlllo smiles. " Fifteen thlolaln:lld plounlld is sulllaieint for tie. P'orchancel I ma?y not retqlire a shilling of it," Ihe says, softly. " Plohi. I1 trust you lmay halve the lpleasure of spenidilg overy pllOlliy of it, alld I tile pleasure of lenIlldug you plli't of hi3e0," responlds low?, elarlualtly.. " I can't ulndeortanld it, Vanll," ihe blurted oult, rising 3ad striding up 3and down the 00oom. " If you would confide in me 1I I sincerely trust I have 3 never given yulu cause' to think of 10ie otherwise than a gOntlmolnol. Toll nl0, what is the im t.-t tor ? If it's alnythhing short of mlurder 1'll soo you thrlough it, iat cortain as your Ipatienlt, manllly genIerosity sniatcheod me0 from 0i liigerOing and painfuill dCeath." T''llplo V~ilane oll ls his yes to their widest extentl at tis sudden anlld lllOX p30eted outburst onil tihe I3part of tllo proud, indllollnt, aristocralio L 1c ?ltol. " 1My doer follow, what alre you talk itng about ?" hle skl;s. " Talkliing about I why, about your nohla11choly wsay, and 3 your 3 moping Iand getting out of it, anud hiding when othller pIOplle nro arenjyinlg themselves, and 1 w3nlllt you Ito o thlae nllt," rotorts llowo, holly. " You put 31330 unlder tihe moI3st laistilng ibligatioli, thuen leave hill there without a ghost Iof 3l chance of his re turnihg the complimeinolt. T'll too why' yo3 3ire leaving in isulth it hurry ?" " hIis ilmlpossihlo." " 'erhllaps yu dar1 not ?"ally FentOln, his fiace I' doig with sulddenI anger. 'T'lin' 0wit l3s3h in the eye0 of theo othor, , . tarts 3Il if 110wo had struck himl, but he h1olds ia a0p1urb co0l3m33al3d over verl'y tilltlc3 of tlhe 1h0co and1 body. " 3c3nllnot 31llirll o with you, sir,' Ihe 0y3I3, cohul3y. " 1 3i331 IIa 3 nI l3o ballnkrupllt il the way 3f friends that I cannlot ttllotlrd to loo thile last rllemaining onll. A 3moulth hence. , or llsooner, you iany loarll why I depart ; but if the hlss of your frienlldship be the olpenallty, I cannollt givo ily reasolns , loliugh," rolllortus Fontol, with a henlrty ring ill is voice. " I llsuppos we hd t1beitoer say goodl-byo, ll3d Ihaves do130 willt it. (tor l3y part I haveo looked UOll yo3n a3sH-ie--lhl3 t the devil does it 33i3t1 tlr ! Look here, you ire leaivinlg l3ll iu yollr debt, anld-" " B? silent, llowo," iliterrupllts Tellplo 3ah3no0t sternly. lFenton01 looks, I31and hi3s flush of alnger In1ko01 a 3more rluby liht. " 1 mllu ullused to b0e coInudell d to Il hohl nly toi3guie,. 1 will an?y what I plJollo." 1t Do no, butt 3 'may rotnild you th01at a lul3t is iut 33 i: place, ln. d t ulloorthly of is ?n0dl3eml3n,3" 3ays0 Valle, luiitl0y. "ALgainl [ Flsk why shl ult, we quarrel '3 wo, who have funght linfirtunol, Anld hunllgr lund cold tolllether. II say'illn this I' h1ive re gBard for you, in s33Uiiuch fls yOU will lur chanceo regret this sceno hloreafter, as I niow regret it." A sullun "' oh, very well," and the twot men c3i hllge ho athluject. They have 3n3lt3 to settle in the way of bllsillness, 333d tho dinnellr hell r3ll3a or3 it is complleted. Temul' o e0 tgo l to his rool to tross for Illh evening Imeal.1i.his parting with 1'non"loii has tried hIilt, oiud chafeod hinl to the ltltost ; bult lie has t enore evero ordeal to encounter ill Madamfu Elaiu and Girt'c \VWeldonll. Tile dinnlr lit P'inofllls is inoro than usually pleas'ntll, anll thereby prolohlged oil this pal3rtlclulr o'Onllinl. Soime of tho0n ha3ve hlbeen 0s1pnding ltheo aftirnoon out oni theo hills, land have3 had quite all advon Lure with all huge carpet nake, which larry Wo'ot did battlel wit, and ciu1l3e IurtIl conqiuertor. V\\\hil e talk is at its loudest Major Weldoll bhclloll Tu'oranlga, the Maori, to hlis side. " Wallf'rd, the agllent, will be hero to morrtow. hivte 03 got all tIhe books re0dy for him ht look t1hr'tlilghi whein he arrivaes '" saiys he. " Yes, lir, I put 'e0i3 in thlu ill3i3 , sir ill ltiil 333i33,'' replies flho Mao13i. " All butill le I \VI.lit 3 ill t " 1t SIireo 31 at bIolt--stro bo-3k I think y3u coll 3hn,'' liltswver1 Ter1aiigii. "All! sicok list, you m0ll3ln," ay' the Majlor. " lhlht it up Ih0lOr1 you go0 to heil; 33ihn3 th13 I" 'lThe Maori i3 obediellce itself. WhVtl3' the 3lonl i1 U0nILed, and lwhile the golitlo n0an linger toor their whioi, T3r33in3 Iloginls his task. Uiifortl3lii3tely the IllLori cI0333ot road t0 33'3ril tif 33 Einglils h 33rht1 3i3id 333ililsorip35 1t iliko 3u' o 00 iliuch (trook t13 hhii3. Etlurilig tlhe rootll occlu3ioed by 'l'ailllle3 Vitlo, nfltr l3lll3a 1ou0r3 l 0 lrh ulsotwholro, Tarllnga'o g3z3 fhllts atlwlar3 the dilry lyilg on a small faible n eu r the w hildos. l1 p1333cl000 t tihe fIlit v03luhlmn 1t OllOi, and coluriao it allF iu triunI1h1. Mllisi hlilos 3ro3vi to 3Inl t1he coliif 1i1hI 03uro it P'inhhIll 'alter dillllr; bu1t tliin himppon ii3h he 33l30il 33ight3 333d there 13330 0bol, 3uli3to l3 Irgerio , lo lttolh's dptle3i3tt1d '3t Itho 1ldg~l 1ut1 for 1i3e " lliuo." The 3llinri rltitlra I Its li0 333ciOn33 e3ri'ly 1Il 10rll3 hli CIrru'3nlllrelnllilllihL0. Ihu'ry WIVet is h13IIu' hi i l u i3 I0rt3r3 wislh i lri v1ll3 dtlut31tc whlioh ILulli3d0 l Il33 itln30U 1dilu 3ttli3tion. Ihw3 nlllid Nitl0 nro nluLoud E oilni u ln irU. It in 3l 1trilllgO cohloiahlo3cO, bhlt 3l3vor tllo0010 lruo, tlhat tohere are 333 letters for eithelor T0ull30 V?aoe or 1liss WYoldoll. Stranger still, holth ar soated a t the ex tremity of that doep, cosy, old- fslhioned veranidalh, with a illl imiooi smiling riudly down =i=poi thiln. Theru wasi ai world of soft gloiry in thiio rund rlh'l tiin of the lon iltnll Iih saiiled high in I1t dark iluo canopy ovinl tad, thu nl t li io.f cl r l hugo, Ifod natured phiz ppIarently lookin, straight. at thein mi toh1y s;it in Ithat, nwk niglht, s en I ii lm t ti' -ratigl thinges in her eternal vigil. Your mitghitines aud your holh s,,ye r' alls l benlleath hor klen, whlthr ytl e tigticid 3 l vil, rich or poor. il, watches thi rliobi ier yllnu in I'ai, illt, d dto lltrdtlr Cl iwhllg wIith noiselesi RIelps I l:o mr'I S l i fi ili. l =Inl flI glutllin It pi sho,. hlhtiin up it hn rign ,f lovurty faid miker%". WCkeI iid?se. i I ) pl ee clltno toL Il .i l itr vI tll. iOverI tile bllinlt.r ofr mii tl nIllll tilt, h ol t ll yi aud wto ar, tu li3; II It rI sy liipi of in no. .'ot , , her ythl.t th r agra, c lof lraoy , nii d ill, o Ith brain. , willh u=lltniiralehh vi-nions and Rucnd shapes a liivt o n t l ly i l untI. Itnrd o I 'r oi;. Illdl Trmplo Vanu learI thelnubtlea rl .uf t Illnl e ,h uu A 1 I'IIIyt, woih l b ull to tltlk ant uti the I'anlty If the l higli , ticl ., and so have tll i ip ito tihet utject tneat this wishes. Not, noin' a diplomat, htow over, hle simply i ;tiid , " I till) .adt. to hiave it word l'ith you to-Ilight. Mli;ls W01hlo1u. tllit want to timk you for yoilr ukitdl reit anlid hlpitality to nl. I huiave arraliled to leiav Poinufll hi [th ii limornin ig." lThli cro wItll I lhiig i th, , fIl w nI u itllon pltila words uttlied, but (liace Wldonli openeli d hlr largl Io u iti upon him forin atnl i istatultlli tihen b og li tviig it? her " I shall not itaily forget (iti.e ttiy lat .m hour I elplt hIonIatlh 311'ur roofu , ulievo Ine," hIle o nti etid, iaftir waitli for her to slpeak. , T -s-.in9 not your fihiparliro' solom what hail , Mi r Vtu liIO " th ipril d, pro inty, and it ny It l sduied lo inl of voici . i trult you hiavo tint ruie a ill ny ill IO d"NoI ; my itll aving t i irely a iin atterl 1f builneI 1ts 0l"h answore,. " I go to fulil t duly I hivo lig ilneglectIed." " Pll'lil will bO IoCrry when hle learmnll yogi aro goingi" shtl aild. "I hlav duolroady tinufold, iu jor iiWel of ilay into tictli.,o t Ini i td?etd I tu lou to doliiar frotnt l uh ki friiend, l For years I havole lntilt it driUmertli cII blo of itrn tlnbill tie i u in i ulgc of jidl roevrie, a riu, hianvo drifed Irllo tl iractical ii lo tule liifo of La Bohoinlinn. Lattoly it rlin cOOl to Ilte that T ight ispire to clinttlt nitnl lotli tiueior oif tciety-at aldioriint, rlihaps, lor il jiostiuce of tIie puntliclie i a blusit doopons tie clo tr, fair Usin from brow to necik. Vallo does ngt t see it. To tlo oln'llt duty is ison lthing beyoud 'iero drtuitingy," tItlh said, pnestoutly. "iTlrue," ol ti ianI w o rt with t11 hlitlrt liafgh. "BuiRl, wo interprcl tilh word ill arlilus Wlays. Oil1 nWilll Onlm y be con touted willin thi life otf a uilavi. Another will go tlun until ho bostride thu glob like another Colossusil. Every dtail inu lrgulnlionllt applies to maniy things illlllll lioe. Wun nmay alltit n olu liu titi conducti whiCh See t lii, tl' ll gO lilti I hU ibly all ini . whIcih otnll' hilnt ndt aoul rIbol, Itlilly. T'ite refractr y trionketI or llttn ultunth i, tltoliio t ntil iii ti ii un ll tio o r ii clltlltllry. ound armn is abanolu nl, it v lfor a moent 'Iti 00tl11 ltltil 1u nirdt oioly curIrlino ito untinl lo trie to gr itasi l tiue O ling Lo his words. " IPn onu of your Eglish journals I read a crious ll esay llted l' Ml oivou ]no,"we Ih gniot ll, Otiot heledinf g er tu. ilenc le. i" Tjh writr lwe t to ishdow tIliti, with lou altli objectl i.e. iot ivo lipowolrI a man, wli lto r his f l', ula or ulii lt, h titl I b itturly iln olt ill this iiut il l w yh em llury. l lt orlt, it 'ltnu n ul iln tilod to tliy.'' Thoeual litte atn Ill ou Sloudy Miss nle doIt i IttI rlsolvd hIto Vemrgo from tirh dreamonr into a worker." "I tum glad to heil you say so," hie ailornll loolkitiug fuill nt hlulo. "VI ill not io jmldge of uankini'ud, t inlauchli s ainy nxicto, i lt d fi tIm lid tild itt|)l, I I lur ih nl iRIt lifti, o fla, has liuf bon ecl tid, buti I b-. ion ytI witill wln yultd way ill niha bll?t lin It world, it you aru tilcided to try." n atiai r iou ri ks ibr u ill uptn li hut. fl-i lowed by Bita stiii loHwo, and the con versllti ftken i unllo general turn. Itl iu midnight btoforu Viano rotires. adaino Elsio hIla, said " good byu," and there was alt i uniitakt ablut tronor iin her voice, and ing ilir itlouk in liter elyei ira se utItorud ftihe i ds wthith carryrid con viction to the mind of (Iuteral Anidforth' pruotlial suitn that hi hnd ll tliy eonig nisnlt. Bg y I'hiltime hol had p?nked t riay hin fIwiths o it ilstlhroo l o'cock, ofllgd in anoler hour it" will bio N lighto. His bhougtsil tlre iriis uch ioa cha. Oostate tu dlios ll Ot miis tih diiary 11oi hils liti iloli thall ilt il safily strllod away itn his trtvf'llint bag. litc fiit gigio llitln ivt worn ittitniCIlto Whilu e l i s llmitigurd it d t hll litinkingof Wuol on, ib s hue lsaw it l whon tiey sid igootll -byeanli, n-inll, wo thlte morninl breaks over thrii lofti, upeak ofriTold I nonry Ittitt o tii Itlnut. Ho tlhrw oplllin thua whidow. Cuool n It tlir ligor btluo anolpt y fas nicht ing tl aiure, aiiid gold anild pirple, and blededl vvith gigantic lhlifts ofa more maInlifiewit hln, thll. iangul rdl o titt glorilos sunt What mollrtal hiand could placo thillin tic turo beofore th t ntturall ot i Whati irtist iooilhI paItit liyouior hil.lltor carpllcted with green and brown, with glitioritiig bars of prismatli light, iturininglued wiith every bldos mid leaf. ly inlo te fralgrit atm osmlhir of tioe num oilo morninig Telmlu Vtno ilgi yoes rlii way spokn. Anld so li it whoii hul h id ut tured thoiu words stailds wttchiti tIh Ifast rcetdif Itit OUirtI fr tnll h otheir llilr o tokiug aftinr hiu wittth utlh lt ylrislng lor rowli, hl woild not havul flt the dnstl Ilight of dier, lo oUlioii it aind a spir now Ou it i APTEr XViiol, of ol . t IIt iAT T I i r hll limN )Oltlltl n i. fortly nl ilesl t ht sloro utilllu us brnilll thei PiNoril Ktaotitl, stdea li rtooIyt o!d ini IIUn ln rilig Ihttthiilnlowhln, l 1t 1 noscriglt U'inI of thIb "(1ohlou Dolplhiu." T'hii hostllry wal built by otiin 'T'ittliutit Xcthuigalntl, olo luctoy diggtri who 1hv11 initluodo Ii ltitiott, ltind it tlio Tiltori tall1or tionlneil thIo cohthitn Illpnhin td turtutk tIhiilltf to sNorlh Kwtolati as lihl' fot itlotige inchus in hof hu bsand's o ocks, and t woighed sti lrifll ver l wo hI dr'oll pultnill nlh ittt thel ]olplhhi'nl cuistonirlts uiortinly were, hand uich Ia wiy of hilioliutrlainig tho fict to ctorato ia i, shino " within th lrotIllcts hain Lo f tho nn. ut ofnu a0n+P ld lunt hi lilly way to the small drop the tuk to keep away tlhe colic. Bad cess to it." Fierce. irato, and heavy handed was Motlhr Keegan, yet after her fashion not a iitor kind-liherted, benerovo lt soul ever breathed. She loved full like all her ral?, and lhr thouose woalwavalively. Mick Ruddy, a poor devil who earned a precarious living playing the liddle fronm lilace to place round tihe distriot, wasn l ways duo at the Dolphin every Friday evening. A sort of a sllelf, like a bra, ket, fixed in the parlor Hall, and hliigi tiup out of reach. This was Mtck's or chestra where lie tuned Ilis baritone, and rasped away lit reels and jigs until the reiall hours of the mliorninig. It is oil record that thie ocor liddler fell in love itll the " o wtddy," aild In a lllllnentil f ylllipathetic teitderniesR plucked op coullragi o Itionfi Go c iethe 1om. TiIn 1(ega'llob ' llehot lliteitied to her lovqer Sthie inforinatfo lwiaiin such lll prfll;il Srollf) al Ilat Ihp doctor hIad to llu ll lle il, tand ltddly's life was ldespaired of for lcoIIo time. If i111-r legaliII was eovero beliatllRn -i heri adorer, she teaod very gilood coe that Io beL tloe bull ied himi. New Zialal. l going tiiaticlar l ruliaddu, but tliheli chief of tihem atll was 1e T'iggser, oha ifer Illack liullock, a rotiugh atd tumile pligi Slist, wllo solo oecualtliod wall s ladie, up ill l ounging iouilt; hllties, night filfer bing arl d g tie lighiaig. itll li illock I1 beg his l Iardon-Black i lllck wasl at Sthe GIolden I)lphin oni one occasion, and riegal to bully every on its Iusal. Hisu louleek eemied particfularly directed to. wards tlhe little liddler, who ilie caught tile lis powerful grip and carried roun il tile room at arils length, as if Rtddy had buotin lie moret' thai a lpoodle dog. The noiso attraclted Itihe hiisebs, wholi raio ito the roil. Ary what's tile matter wid yeza ?" shIe asnked. Then oi terving her favourito in the hands of tie burly giant her Irish dander riz i, a iomieint. " Pit ldow thle inalnl" she cried, uad at ilpe cale instal t Black lull look received a blow fulol on his frontitis piece, whidl seut iii stagi.ring ever two or three chairs. k The pugilist dropped the tfiddler, and turned upon his assailant witll a face in which all thn latent kpasion of brute ferocity wais visible. lia ita's towalrdes her with bist clenched, hlis guarlid well ilup, and showing his tooth like a wolf. Mrs Keegan knew her customer, knew tihat ai knock fromt his hlgeo, loug knuh?kles would be 1s a blow from a blacktuitlh's sledge. But shl did not fliich. ,lust an thie bully had got withlin range, and be fore liu could lunge out at her, sheooizud a ioeavy poker fromi the foeder and struck 'iggaor a dreadful thud upon Ilis iipraised arlms, whliclh maido the follow bellow like a land bull. i" 'Tak that, yo devil's bastard, an' iiioud yer itmailiu0," heo cried. "Coie on now, if it's lightting yr after." Willi a horrid imprlecatiotl the in furiatld savagesoteadied hiiniself, all tlhei rushed blilnly lit tle " widdy." U) wellt tile neiiiorciful poker like ii lalsh. andt tlhe '113lock ' went down atll it a Ilhen. Ile was carried out and souied witlh i plentiful sullply of cold water. Bluyond ia broken )lead alud a fractured wrist the bully sisatained ino fiiurter injury, but; lie gave tle hlostoss a fi tlel iht1 a wide birth from that timno forth. Oil this sUlmlliler evolting tile hlistelry was well platrolisud w'itl a Ilixed possoi of custoeloorse eaclht aUll all of ltwhiiio ap.l peared to be elljoying ithemselvesal after their own fashion. Tlto long ' rrooml was filled with tdiggers, and tilero wore others Ilresaelt whlo did lint dig or bog. Mick Ruddy wal in his place " discIurniIg ili gant intuiic " alter his iaunnier, whilu his auditory dnuced or went tlhriigh a wild faulllldail that illoLk the building to its foundation. "S touady, Uin ; donl't makeo such a row ; inirei Mr .locolyn'is upstairs, Uiiil can't liear hi ears for yeu," said Mrsi Keeoan, thrustitng lher lhud in at tite douor. " Mark ime noiw ? 111 nut have thie plaic turned into ia shibboen wlliu yer betters are prolill." " We're a ui good ans Mr Jocolvli any day, altllough li is a beak and a big bug," cried Black illllock and one or two oithIe of tile Bsa110 cliuito. The ho stess put her itrnit akimilo, and striide up tio tse peakur. " Look here, tile I,ould follow, this is mily iholuse, t' I niino to be cock u' the walk," sh1e said. ' If a gntlellalinI ciomes hero I exipect hlill to blehllav himiself, ail' if lie dCosi't clhmo to tdo that, inith, I'll larn him ini doublln quick tiolu. Do yeu iitond now ?" " Bravo I Mother Keogan," fromi a dozen brawny throats. Bullock, lalf tipsy, looked round Ilil witlli : sotlired cursu onl his lips, anil a rod flash of df:lianlc ill la evil eyes ; but a whlisliur fromi hii coIlipllionl altered tile ruilliats w l0lo0 diumeanouir int a mnin ute to luiet ubliaasion. " If it wasn't fIr lihe company iloyant, shlure tie divil a onu cared if ye'zl iiIke tile liure," cried thle IIostUss. " W\iin gintllinin, rule gintleuin coidesenild tCi honor the Golden )Dolphin wid their priz. zancll I'll have ordthor. I've otlhera luro to-night besido? MIr .Jocelyii. Put thatl in your pipl andshlinoku it, Mr Tigaser," and Mrs Keegan bounced out of tile 'Tlno host apnlrtlmlntt ini the fiun had Ibco01 given up to Mr Jloculyn, who lwas oil his way to inlptoi ain li0o lt the Titori Valloy, iln Ihe aidl. Dinnur had boon ordered for three, for thel migistrate -.x pIuted ftwo friundu to join him at the Ihastolry. Half aln hour later, and tlhe expected guests cattle in the porsons of liaul Ullrje!W anid Syildny llack. Mra IKouegau kuow nothlig tof Mri',foo lyn, save by reoirt, but slio hinl a tlloroughl knowlledgl u of the two illun wlho Lvuro dining with flill HowIvi?iIe r l, asal aofte'r wards remariked, tC it was no tlls inless of hlur. l'uol|le in her ipositioln nuver 'gaiineud anythliuig by mitddliing with what did not conIarn thimei," etc. \Viso plhilosoilphy, Mrs Kieeglnl I Tleo lily in thint luro of your clianniiing eex do not follow your example in thiti re aplct. Tllu ollsrvanlc thuruef is iftein liollnored in thl blroeacl inl our day, sanvi in one or two Autstralian cities wherl I hlavu sojournlud. Tihere thle ile pl, lalo and feiitalu, fullil tie nlw of Mosesua, anl lovue tloir intigllhbour as tliherialva, atntl thliere, indeedil tlhe wisu couiditin is fully roecl);isacdl whlich says tihat " the oxalI.ill notl beu oked witl to te nss." Un tflis aluniuer afterinoo, lprovilous to thle arrival of tlarjuw ald his ulillnpauion. 'I'ueopll Vnulu diliainlouunt ullndr tile broadl llportico of the hin, and Irders a ille;tl ndi a i1bd for thle night. Ils hlllaudsoit faco plasesu tlhe " widdy," who Ialstira hersilf to maiike hlii coifoiirtlnablu. liu is local ed next his Ilouior, thie .J.P., nail Vune lilta is tlillliner iloie, but einjoyH it Inlnu tlhe l]ss for that. Tl1o meal o:ulud, a buxmn wIIl: it entersn ald clearn awiy tll delbrirn, lighl a lamhup, liheni witl a iitil nit a curtsey, asks if he rreuirue anyLthiig "No, thank you; nolhiitg. Stayl WVollll yln bue good ilough tlll tell the otaler 1 sHlnll wanllt ly lorso at allin. riue."-'-To bho Contiinucd, AI II 34I 