BENRr VIII. Ak flisTORio Sketch, by 0. H. Coij.ette. Chapter V. henry s motives and jostifioation fob throwing off the pope s dsdbped power. " If we IVe thuB timely, !! . , To lie tlm<i jaded by a piece of Bcarlet, , ; Farewell NobiUty I" , HenrvrilLActiiUSceneii..: He's a rank weed, 'And we must root htm out." 1 Benry V Jilt Act V. Scene : ; ' 'We-now pome to the laet, end perbapa the mostimportant part of onr aobjeotj namely, Henry'a motiyfe and jnatifioation for throwing QjS Rome's gBlllng yoke, and declaring himaelf and the country independent of the Pope. I nronoae to consider how far the charge of ecbism made against him is well founded, taking into consideration the facts etated in our last chapter, and the times and the oircum stances siirroanding Henry, as also the actual state of ecclesiastical rule as he found it when he came to the throne. In order to understand the case, we must appreciate the assumed power of the Pope and the position of the Church in England. Every Roman Catholic acknowledges the Roman Oburch to be the mother and mistress of all Churches, and he promises and swears true obedience to the Pope of Rome, as the vicar of Christ. And by the Papal law, the Pope of Rome claims every baptized person to be, ipso facto, his subject. The Pope of Rome Birogates to himself the headship not only of all Churches, but a snpremaoy over every baptized individual ; and he exacts from all a true obedience. What that true obedience is we shall presently see. But, althcugh such powers are at this day merely nominal, the Bishop of Rome has never renounced or relinquished these prerogatives. Nevertheless, the power and despotism, temporal as well as spiritual, of the Popes of Rome in the Middle Ages were realities, from which we in Eogland have, tbank God 1 since the time of Henry Vlil., with a slight inter mission, emancipated ourselves; and our liberties have been preserved to ue, sealed with the life blood of our Reformers. The nature of the supremacy assnmed by the Popes may be gathered from a few extracts made from authentic sources. Pope Clement III., in his address to ttie Emperor Ounatantine, compares himself with the sun, and the Emperor with the moon. He says : God made two great lights in the firmament of heaven ; the greater light to rule the day, the lesser light to rule the night ; each of them great, but one the greater of the two. For the firmament of the heaven, therefore, that is, of the Universal, Church,— God made two great lights, that is he appointed two dignities, which are the pontificial authority and the kiDgl;y power. But that which rules the day, that is to say, spiritual things is the greater, and that which rules carnal things, the lesser ; so that the same difference may be discerned between the Popes and the Kings as between the sun and moon.' He then gives some of his astronomical oalcnlations . ' Since, therefore, the earth is seven timt s greater than the moon, and the sun is eight times greater than the earth, therefore the pontificial dignity is fortyseven times greater than the regal.' And, again. Pope Innocent III., writing to ter, Bifihop ind SohoIiBtio of Mognntumy thus defines his own powers The Vicegerent of the true God .... Hence he is said to possess a divine judgment . ; . . . and, therefore, he even changes the nature of things, and may construct new y,® 5 be can do these things, because his reason ; for he can dispense y holy laws, and he also can convert nghteousness into unrighteousness by con verting and changing ordinances. T decree of Pope Boniface, a.d. 1294. Wedeclare, afdrm, decree, and pronounce, that It IS altogether necessary to salvation for every human creature to be subject to the Roman Pontiff.' Again : eword should be under temporal authority be subject to the spiritual.' . Pope Niobolae, in his letter to the Emperor Michael, does not hesitate to call himself a Qo.-, ; ' It may very evidently be shown that the Pope, who was called Qod by Prince Oonetan- tine, can neither be bonnd nor released by the seoalar authority ; for it is manifest that God cannot be judged by man.' When Alexander VI. made his entrance as Supreme Pontiff into the Ohnroh of St. Peter, at Rome, on one of the trinmphal arches was inscribed ' Rome was great nnder Csoiar, but now she is greatest. Alexander the Sixth reigns ; the former was a man, the latter is a God.' Of the manner of asserting this right over temporal sovereigns we have several instances, by Popes taking npon themselves to excom- mnnfoate princes. For instanoo, the Bnll of PopeSixtus V.againet Henry, Kingof Navarre and the Prince of Gond4, tbne commences : — The authority given to Peter, and hie BUCcesBore, by the immenee power of the eternal King, excels all the powers of earthly kings and princes. ; It passes nnoontrollable sentence upon all ; and it it find any of them resisting God's ordinance, it takes a more severe vengeance on them ; and caeling down the most powetf nl from their thrones, tnmbles them down into the lowest parts, as the min- istert of the ptond Lncifer.' And, to take another sample, I quote from the bull of Pope Pius V., hurled against our Qaeen Blizabetb; entitled, ' The Damnation and Exoommnnioation of Elizabeth, Queen of England, and her Adherente : " — ' He that reigneth on high, to whom is given all power in heaven and on earth, hath committed bis. one holy Catholic Apostolio Oharob, ont of which there is no salvation, to one alone npon earth, namely, Peter, the chief of the.Apostles, and to Peter's inocessor, the Bishop of Rome, to be by him ftvonred with plenary anthority. Him alone hath he made prince over all people and all klngdomiB, to plnckup, destroy, acatter, plant and bnild.' And from the f nlnese of hie alleged apostolio power he. declared Elizabeth a beretio and xcommnnioate ; and he absolved all her anbjectB from their oaths of allegiance. V, lu like manner Pope Gregory VII. excom< mnnicated Henry III. ; Oalixtne II. executed a similar ofSce upon Henry IV. ; Hadrian IV., upon Frederick ; Oeleatine 111., upon Henry V. ; Innooent III., on Otho ; Uonoriua HI., Gregory IX., and Innocent IV, upon Frederick II. ; Paul HI. ejected and anathemized Henry Vill., and ordered his nobles to rebel agaiust him ; and, as we have said, Pius V. damned and excommunioated Queen Elizsbelb. Paul V. and Clement X. anatnematized all Proteatant princes and eubjects as heretics, who were declared inoapable of posBesaing any civil power or rights, and were made amenable to temporal penalties, even to death ; and in our days we have seen Pine IX. exoommnnioate King Victor Emmanuel. Popes not only oiaimed a power to depose kings and princes, bnt to eatablieb and give away kingdoms. Pope Adrian gave to Henry II., King of Scotland, the whole of Ireland, and Ireland then became dependent on Eng. land ; and a Spanieh general claimed, nnder the title of a Papal bail, the whole of America, from Canada to Cape Horn. Gregory VH. gave away the kingdom of Rodolphns, Dake of Suabia. "We find in the Roman canon law aeeertione of the Pope's own powers, which are rather startling. On the enbject of 'oaths of aliegianoe,' we read ' The Roman Pontiff absolvee from the oath of allegiance, when he depoeee any from their dignity.' The pontificial anthority absolves from the oath of allegiance.' ' The same is done frequently by the holy Ohnroh, when it releaaea eoldiera from the obligation of their oatha.' Oaths of allegiance to excommunicate persons are void.' No one owes allegiance to any excommuni cate persons before they are reconciled to the Holy See.' No oaths are to be kept if they are against the interest of the Chnrch of Rome.' 'Oaths which are against the interests of the Ohnroh are not to be called oaths, bnt perjuries.' ' We declare that you are not bound by year oath of allegiance to your prince, bnt that yon may reeist freely even year prince himeelf, in defecce of the rights and hononrs of the Ohnroh, and even of your own private advan tage.' The kingly power is enbjeot to the ponti ficial, and is bound to obey it.' 'Whoever resiets this power teefste the ordinance of God. Cranmer undertook to examine the canon law, and made a collection of paesagee for the purpose of ehowing the necessity of reforming it. The following is a copy of the extracts made by him ; and these laws, we ehonld observe, are to be fonnd in the canon law of the Roman Ohnroh, and are binding on every eingle member of it, at the present day : — " He that acknowledges not himeelf to be under the Bishop of Rome, and that the Bishop of Rome is ordained by God to have primacy over all the world, is a heretic, and cannot be saved, nor ie not of the fiock of Obrist. "Princes' laws, if they be against the canons and decrees of the Bishop of Rome, pre of no force or strength. "All the decrees of the Bishop of Rome pnghtto be kept perpetnaliy by every man, without any repugnancy, as God's word spoken by the month of Peter ; and whosoever doth not receive them, neither the Oatholio alth avails them, nor the fonr Evangelists, pat they blaspheme the Holy Ghost, and fhall have no lorgiveness. " All kings, bishops, and noblemen that believe or suffer the Bishop of Rome's decrees in any thing to be violate, be accursed, and for ever culpable before God, as transgressors of the Oatholio faith. "The See of Rome has neither spot nor wrinkle in it, nor cannot err. " The Bishop of Rome Is not bonnd to any decrees, bnt he may compel as well the clergy as laymen to receive his decrees and .canon law. "The Bishop of Rome hath authority to judge all men, and specially to define the articles of faith, and that withont any oonnoil, and may absolve them that the conncil has damned ; bnt no man hath anthority to judge him, nor to meddle with anything that he has jndged, — neither emperor, king, people, nor the clergy ; and it is not lawful for any man to diepnte his power. "The Bishop of Rome may exoommnnioate emperors and princes, depose them from their Btates, and absolve their subjects from their oaths and obedience to them, and so constrain them to rebellion. " The Emperor is the Biehop of Rome's subject, and the Biehop of Rome may revoke the Emperor's sentenoe in temporal causes. " It belongs to the Biehop of Rome to allow or disallow the Emperor after he is elected ; and he may translate the Empire from one region to another. "Nothing may be done against him who appeals to Rome. "The Biehop of Rome may be jndged of none, but of God only ; for, altnongh he neither regard his own salvation, nor no man's else, but draw down with himself innuulerable people by heaps unto hell, yet may no mortal man in thte world presume to reprehend him ; foreomnoh as he is oalled God, he may not be judged by man, for God may be judged by no man. " The Bishop of Rome may open and shut heaven unto men. " Tho See of Rome receiveth holy men, or else maketh them holy. " It appertaineth to the Bishop of Rome to judge wbioh oatha ought to be kept, and which not. " The Bishop of Rome may absolve eubjects from their oatb of fidelity, and absolve from other oaths that ought to be kept. > "The Biehop Rome ie judge in temporal things, and hath two swords,— spiritual and temporal. " The Bjshop of Rome may give authority to arrest men, and imprison them in manacles and fetters. , ' The Biehop of Rome may compel princes to receive hie legates. " Laymen may not be judges to any of the clergy, nor compel tbem lo pay their nn- donbied debts ; but the bishops only most be their jadgee. " A layman being robbed, may arraign his adversary before a spiritual judge, whether the lords of the Feed consent tbereto or not. " A is;men may commit his oanso to a spiritual judge ; bnt one of the clergy may not commit bis cause to a temporal judge, without the consent of the bishop.; " AH they that make, or write, any statutes contrary to the liberties of the Ohnroh, and all prinoee, rnlere, and oonnsellore, where enoh statnies are made, or each cnstoma observed, and all the jadgee and others that pat the same in exeunlion, and where each etatntes and onstoma have been made and observed of old time, all they that pat them not out of their books are exoommunioate, and that so grievously, that they cannot be absolved, but only by the Biehop of Rome. . '!The clergy, to the relief of any common necessity, can nothing confer withont ine consent of the Bishop of Rome ; nor is it lawful for any layman to lay any imposition of taxes, subsidies, or any chargee upon the clergy. " The clergy onght to give no oath of fidelity to their temporal governors, except they have temporalitiea of them. "Princes onght to obey bishops and the decrees of the Ohnroh, and to enbmit their heads unto the bishops, and not to be judge over the bishops for the bishops onght to be forborne, and to be judged by no layman, I' All manner of causes, whatsoevar they be, epiritnal or temporal, onght to be determined and jndged by the clergy. " No judge ought to refuie the witnees of one bisbop, although he be bnt alone. " Whosoever teaobea or thinks of the Sacra ments otherwise than the Sea of Rome teaohes and observes, and all those that the same Sae jndges beretioB, are exoommnnioate. And the Bishop of Rome , may compel by an oath all rulers and other people to observe, and canse to be observed, whatsoever the See of Rome eball ordain oonoerning hereey, and thefantore of heresy ; and who will not obey he may deprive tbem of their dignities. " We obtain remisaion of sins by observing certain feaets, and certain pilgrimages in the jubilee, and other pieeotibed times, by viitne of the Bishop of Rome's pardons. " He ie no man-elayer that slayetb a man which is exoommnnioate. " A penitent person can have no remission of his sin bnt by snpplioation of the priests." (To be Oontinned.) 