kTEIML Mr. Bland Holt proposes to make a tour of New Zealand shortly, with *'The Trumpet ! Call" and 44 A Sailors ICnot" as his priueipal pieces. I The Gaiety Company opened a farewell ; season in the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, on Saturday night. The house was crowded in every part, and " Faust up to £)ate " was. well received. / Mr. Lonnon (says u Sydney paper) brought with him from New Zealand a brand new Maori song-with which he proposes to make sonic stir, either in Melbourne or in London. This song, several Maori curiosities, and one Dunedin black eyo are Mr. Lonnen's trophies from the land of' the Maori and the inoa. The hluek eye, ju» announced, he gotli from some one who struck him from behind"—though how he could be struck 011 the ore in that way, and what the comedian was doing with his back to the enemy, when it is clear that he had already defeated most of the irvrkman staff, requires explanation. Our telegram from Sydney 011 Monday announced that Mr. Terry, tho English comedian, was given a reception by tho Mayor at the Town Hull on Saturday. 14 The Guardsman," a new farcical comedy, was suc cessfully produced for tho first time in Australia nt tho Criterion Thcatro on Saturday night. The new bill at the Theatre Koyal on Satur day night, " All for (Gold; or, Fifty Millions of Money," proved a great draw, the house being packed. "East Lynno" has been re-staged at Her Majesty's Theatre. At the Lyceum. "The Silver King" was produced before a good house. Mr. Edward Terry and Mr. Alfred Dampier were room mates at Sheffield ever ao many years ago (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph), when Terry was starting to climb the ladder. The comedian remembers the circumstance well, for "both Dampier and myself wero hurnt out,' and lost most of our available property." At the Vaudeville, London, on May 6 there was a revival of the late Dion Boncicaulths farcical comedy, "Forbidden Fruit." An adaptation from the French by Mr. F. Horner, entitled "The Great Unpaid," was produced at the Comedy on May 9. A grim, terrible, and somewhat repellant story of child murder is toldin " Alan's "Wife," an anonymous study in three scenes, produced by the Independent Theatre Society, at Terry's •Theatre,'April 2$. A syndicate is being formed in London to "exploit" Mr. Lonuen on his return from Australia. The idea is to organise a company . to support Mr. Lonnen and tour England. Iu the first place, he will open in London in a new burlesque by G. R. Sims aud Cecil Raleigh. "Morocco Bound," which has achieved ; great popular success at the Shaftesbury Theatre, Loudon, is decidedly amusing, the. plot being just sufficient to allow of the intro duction of plenty of raricty business, with •pretty scenery and dresses, good dancing and such touches of realism as real water with real swans swimming in it, aud a performing bull dog. John Hare ha* lived, as he told the Actors' Association lately, to be able to realise au am bition of his youth. When lie first took to the stage he was condemned to dress In a cellar unfit for a dog; and he then registered a row that if ever the time came when he possessed a J theatre of his own he would give his actors, at any cost, clean and airy dressing-rooms. 1 London Garriok is the result. Mr. Granville 31. Bantock, whoso one-act romantic opera " Caedmar" coustitntcd one of the novelties of Signor La go's brief 6eaaon at the Olympic Theatre last autumn, has jn*t completed auother work of a somewhat similar character, which is likely to be produced at a continental theatre at an early date. Mr. Bautock's opera " Caedmar " was regarded as a work of very considerable promise. The rovival of "Diplnnucy" should. specially attractive at the present time, the parody having enjoyed, on its original produc tion at the Strand Theatre .in 1878, a' success scarcely less remarkable than that .of its original. Playgoers who are able to cast their memories back to that date will recall^with special pleasure the singularly clever imitation* of Mr. Bancroft by M Man us and of Mrs. Bancroft (as the Cointesse Zicka) by Miss Lottie Veune. ' During his present American* four, Mr. E. S. AVillard has, in connection with an intoler able abuse, set an example , of firmne&t; and decision which, were it consistently followed byull leading.members of the theatrical pro fession, would speedily end in the entire dis appearance of a notorious evil. Having found that at eight of the theatre* in which he has played during tho season, "the dressing-room accommodation was neither Nufficient, decent, nor healthful," he has positively mused io appear in them a second tune* * Italy i* hardly ripe for Ibsen yet, ib judge from the scene which occurred at the re-presen tation of " Ghosts " at the TeatraComnmnalo, el Trieste, on April 14. According to tho Vienna correspondent of the Daily News, the progress of the third act was interrupted by a violent commotion, ladies fainting, shrieking, and disappearing. At last " everybody present asked for the curtain to he lowered, ami this was done before the piece was at an end. Then the actor who played the pars of Oswald was called out twelve times." Rehearsals of tho new opera by Mr. Ernest Ford, with libretto by Messrs. Conan Doyle and J. M. Barrie, aro in progress in London, and the work will be produced as soon as it is ready. No hint has yet boon given as to the name it is to bear, this information, according to Savoy custom, being1 "withheld until almost the last moment, but Mr. D'Oyley Carte has ■volunteered to an interviewer the information that it is supposed to be the first comic opera with a moral. 5fi»s Decima Moore has been selected to sustain the prima donna role. 