General. Pianissimo. — In music pp does not mean pianissimo, but piu piano, 'more softly.' The former is a very general mistake. Spobtsman, Perth.— The Blue ribbon of the Turf is a term applied to the English Derby. The term originated in this way : Lord George Bentinck sold his stud, and found that one of the horses, shortly after wards, won the Derby. Bewailing his ill luck, he said to Disraeli, ' Ah, you don't know what the Derby is.' Yes. I do,' re plied Disraeli. 'It is the blue ribbon of the turf,' alluding to the cordon bleu, a French term applied to a Knight of the Ancient Order of thaSt. Esprit (Holy Ghost), and s* called because the decora tion was suspended by a blue ribbon. It was, at one time, the highest order in the Kingdom. Kino's Knight, Fremantle.— The acci dental loss of some portions of our chess type has prevented the publication of our chess problems of late. We hope to con tinue them very shortly. The Full Court was again occupied on May 26 with the appeal arising out of the oase of A. J. Ogilvie v. the W.A. Mortgage and A. Corporation, iu which plaintiff had obtained a verdict for the recovery of sums of money which the corporation, act ing as bankers, paid away on forged cheques and debited the amounts against the plaintiff in his account as a bor rower under a mortgage. Mr. Burt, Q.C., who commenced his argument yesterday and continued it to-day, is moving the court to set aside the verdict of the jury, and to enter judgment for the corporation on points of law ; or, in the alternative, that a new trial be granted on the grounds that the jury ia finding as they did, were misdirected by the judge on certainpoints, that the verdict was against the weight of evidence, and it was perverse and contrary to the direction of the judge. The learned counsel reviewed the evidence and the Judge's summing up, contending that, according to settled principles of law, Ogilvie was estopped by his own conduct and silence from recovering against the corporation ; that there was no responsible agency proved on the part of Edmund Canning, son of the manager, as acting on behalf of the corporation ; and that there was not, and in law could not be, such a ratification of Edmund Canning's acts, by his father the manager, as would bind the corporation. The learned counsel's argu ment was approaching a close when the court adjourned for luncheon. Mr. G. Leake, for the respondent Ogilvie, has to reply. ? A correspondent writing last Thursday says : — Turning the swimming pond on the Recreation Ground on the 1st of June last year into a latrine was a disgrace to those who gave instructions for the Bame to be done, and I trust it will not be repeated this year (to-morrow), as there are many winter swimmers, as well as summer ones. 