A MOSLEM SHRINE, .^UST off the high road, on n breezy cliff J which overlooks the Mediterranean, two little domes peer nbove ft,rough, lime washed wall. Tlioy indicnto that a saint and his saintly issue (for the title is heredit ary in Islam) lie buried there, and, in their way, define the gulf which the French are so anxious to bridge over here in Algeria. Imagine an oblong enclosure strewn with narrow whito tombs in all stages of oblitera tion and decay, choked with waving grasses and slimy weeds ; at its Eastern base a low, white pent-house where dwells tlio care taker-a good man who has either obtained his office as a sinecure of inheritance, or has been at pains to establish it as such for the benefit of himself and posterity. Springing as an cxciescenco from tho northern wall, and built, into it, is tho oldest of the koubbas, or shrines, a blind, whito square of broad stones girt with u cornice of gaudy tiles, and bristling with a rude battlement, above which rises a squat, blunted dome. A glance through tlio grating in tho door reveals darkness and dim tombs, u rugged banner or two, ami a bit of faded drapery ; over everything dust, mildew, and spiders. Peering through the ragged brandies of a bushy old tig-tree, facing her sinter, is tho younger of these two little shrines. More adventurous, flightier, sadly tawdy -, making, however, with her gay dado of tiles, queer scrawling mottoes and cabalistic' signs, a bright Eastern picture. She bears an airy little /tirade of threo or four horseshoe arches poised on slender spiral columns-discovered through their crust of crumbling whitewash to bo marble ; relics, possibly, of tho old Roman city buried hero. Two tin lanterns, stuck over with pink paper roses and guttered candle-ends, dangle to and fro under tho arcade. At our first meeting tho koubbas were simmering in a mellow glow, as if the centu ries of warmth and light wero being returned to tlio sun which gavo them. Nothing was wanting to complete tlio Eastern glamour of tho whole : vivid sunshine ; whito domes olear cut against a bluo sky ; a tall palm with its swaying crown of feathers; a shrouded woman huddled against the wall, and her dirty child tumbling half-naked among tho tombs ; a hobbled donkey pain fully cropping hero and there ; and, as if to fill and crown tho picturo, a young Kabyle oamo presently out of tho lean-to at tho end of tho court, carrying a criiche in her hand. A grey petticoat, striped red and white, down to her knees,a loose muslin shirt which suggested, instead of hiding, her full bust, and a bright handkerchief in her glossy hair wero all her dress. One stopped to admire her gracious carriage and unembarrassed step, her ruddy- brown clear skin and largo shining eyes. Siiecamo, swinging Ihoo'ifc/w, to tho dilapidated old well in tho middle of the court, and stood leaning on one arm against the parapet whilo the bucket descended. Then she hauled it up baud over hand, with easy, sweeping strokes, her body bending to the weight liko somo slender poplar before a galo, her bare feot planted apart, grasping the soil as firmly as its roots. A colour flushed her brown cheoks, and the light gleamed in her eyes ; her soft lips purled to easo her breathing, her bosom heaved under its gauzy veil witli tho hard work. Tho March wind caught her hair ami blow it across her faco ; she tossed it back with a smile, and as she tossed throw a glanco at us over her shoulder, and smiled again. A fine, free young thing, innocent and frisky as a filly out at grass, with a toilful, frugal life ueforo hor in tho quiet court, until she marry somo grave, brown man of her own race, and raise up strong sons to sprawl as children in ft sunny corner such as this, then to go forth to work tending goats, or hoeing vineyards on tho rugged mountain aides or in tho peaceful valleys of this beautiful land of hers, This pretty croaturo wan the daughter of tho caretakcr, and lived in tho lean-to hut with 1 don't know how many generations of relatives ; for, as well as women and girls, theio was a swarm of childron for over crawling and scrambling about in tho court. I watched often and carefully tho simple lifo of tho Kabyle family, and found it full of charm and suggestion, There was a gcntlo uncomplaining mediocrity about them nil ; a steady working for a few thiug-^and a deep onjoyincntof tho wages thoveof, a directness and innocence, nnd a vigour which, ru a lesson alone, wero worth going out to sco. From Algiers, brightest, most motley, most mdf-seeking of sunny southern towns, whero the French havo signally bridged their gulf -laying sure foundations of absinthe and hotel requirements to bo fulfilled for sous - and convened their Wild Arabs into ffaneuiv, chijjhnicrx, touts, quack guides, ond 'what not (all which parts, bo it said, tho Arabs were very willing to play); from Algiers, I say, to tho tranquil moments of this oven lifeis a far cry, and hopefully eug* gestive of a possible asylum from the noisy, blatant storm and stress amid which most of us sweat and groan our days away. (,'enio lories and tombs aro favourite haunt s of tlio women in all Eastern countries, ami accordingly f find numbers ofthcin here everyday. In'tho presonco of tho dead, it seems, tiiey vonturo to disregard tho living, for directly they havo entered the court and kissed tho wails and a stray stone or so, they throw off their habaraha, and, squatting in a corner, prepare to enjoy themselves in their shrill, acrid fashion. Shrouded in tho habarah, her legs swathed in thick folds of calieo, each resembles hor sister ghost, and shullles on her same dull way encumbered with mystery-nono of her seeking draperies, and babies. Unveiled, tho mono tony is still there, for it goes deeper than t he veil; and horrible it is to conclude, as irresistibly wo must, that the clothes havo becomo veritable Nessus shirts; that tho shrouds once on can never corno off again ; for if put away they aro still there, shrouding soul instead of body. And tho shrouding here begins at fourteen j think of that I A mother of two children-a mero slip of a girl-comes nearly every day. Comes shnflling in, ft drab bundle of a creature, dragging her babies with her; punctually kisses the same stones, j and then chatters in a thin voice for half-an liour. A more pathetic sight I think I never saw. Wan and lined and vacant; gossips a little; slanders in whispers and with eye? oskance at tlio object of it, or at mo ; laughs shrilly without merriment., and always where to cry would bo more to the purpose | then rises with a weary gesture and puts on the shroud that, never was off if sho but knew it j nnd BhufUes out again into her cage. Those Kubylo dwellers in the lean-to aro better olf. No shrouds, palpable or inpalpnblo, for them. Hard work in plenty, and ft bed as hard to rest on, scanty fare, a shed to cover them j here aro no luxuries, (Jod wot. But free limbs nnd a baro head, baro feet and a free soul, aro gifts from the treasure- houso of Nature, though now per haps somewhat scorned and inado light of by tho qualms and whimsies of a high sniffing world. " Income of one hundred pounds a year," cries Carlylo, '. and no dry rot in the soul of you anywhere; income of one hundred thousand pounds a year, and nothing but dr,y-and*wet rot in the soul of you (ugly nppetitcs, unveraoitios, blusterous conceits, and probably--as symbol of all things-a pot-belly to your poor body itsolf) j on, my fricntU I" Temple Bar. 