THE "HATTER." -n "Come along, Tom. I feel like a ramble to day." The man who waits for inspiration before sitting down to scribble will probably die without doing anything; he certainly would not earn enough flour to make a damper. But there are times when even the most methodical and determined literary plodder cannot get ideas, or cannot weave them into a satisfactory woof. They will tangle, and the weft is uneven and clumsy. That was my trouble, and the sight of the " Wild Colonial Boy " settled the matter. He was always a good diversion from confused thoughts, just as a tired poet might take up a penny dreadful and forget his stubborn rhymes in the slipshod adven tures of the fate-entrapped hero, who ultimately triumphs over all fiis villainous foes. " What do you say if we cut across the bend and strike the river below the splitter's landing?" I suggested. " Ugh ! that's a long way,*' said he in an unwil ling tone. I am afraid the idle life of a whaler is demoralizing to physical energy. But I had made up my mind to take him not only to the landing, but as far again to the Red Cliff, which I had often seen in the distance but had only once explored months before. " Nonsense; just buck that lazy boy off of your back and let us start. I want to tell you a yarn." That was my trump card, and I saw that I had Tom for a good ten-mile spin. He was as eager for a story as a four-year old child, and quite as interested an audience. His running comments, too, were as candid, if more forcible. The sword-grass and the kangaroo-grass are not poetic and inspiring, but they are not without a beauty of their own, and they harmonise right enough with their surroundings. Nature is a true artist, and only wants a sympathetic interpreter. It always seemed to me that Tom's uncouth character reflected the tone of the Australian land scape, and to such as he we must look for the inevitable interpreter. Gordon and Marcus Clarke had scarcely discovered the soul of this strange continent. Clarke saw it, but did not probe it as it will be probed by the native born mind, untram melled by old-world traditions. These were some of the thoughts flitting through my brain as we struck off* through the straggling red-gums and the stubborn sharp-bladed tussocks. But Tom was not to be cheated, and before we had covered a mile at a brisk pace he broke my reverie with— " Now, then, Boss, where's that fairy tale ?" " Oh, yes, you shall have it all right. I am just concocting it." "Well, be quick. No flour, no prayers, you know," he said, referring to a mission station black who refused to pray on exhibition until the dole of flour was forthcoming. At that moment I caught a glimpse of the Red Cliff, and the elusive inspiration of the morning came to me like a flash, just as an illuminated phrase sometimes comes without mental process. "Were you ever on the diggings, Tom?" I asked. " No. At least I tried a little fossicking once; but I ain't a bloomin' Chinkie, and couldn't do on a pound of rice to the tub, like the heathen." " I meant in the days of the rushes, when forty thousand men swarmed a field, and most of them struck it rich at one time or the other. But what am I thinking about ? You're not half old enough. No matter. You may have a dim notion of what it was all like." " L'ke a big scramble by grown-up kiddies." "Not at all a bad idea of a rush. The gold had been scattered all about and then covered over with dirt. The grown-up kiddies find the place and begin to furiously throw the dirt off and grab the gold. The game resulted in many a tragedy that just startled the scramblers for a moment, and in' many another tragedy that was never disclosed. " Are you going to give me a bushranging screed that was never found out, or one of the old dinkums that I've read a dozen times ?" " Have a little patience. I'm not on the Captain Moonlight tack to-day. What I am going to tell you occurred thirty years ago at Murderer's Flat." " Which Murderer's Flat ?" There's so many of them." This was such an unexpected slip of satire from the Wild Colonial Boy that I looked at • him in surprise, but fancied that he had no suspicion of his own smartness. " Why, the Murderer's Flat that lies between Bendigo and Ararat," I explained. " G'on ! What are y' givin' us ? There might be a dozen there." " Anyway, it's one of them. It's deserted now, unless there are such things as ghosts. But thirty years ago there were ten thousand people there, all spooning the earth about and extracting the little yellow nuggets and dust. There was the usual street of tents, and tents everywhere about. Many of the men were old hands, and many of them were educated and cultured fellows, who were just as excited as the others. Amongst them were two who were mates. Both were young men and had known each other in Sydney. One was George Ingelby, the son of a Civil servant, and the other was named Tom Rawson. I believe he went over from Tasmania to New South Wales, but I know he started from there with Ingelby for the diggings. " But here I must go back a little bit. Ingelby had, unknown to Jlis people, married a pretty girl, the daughter of a man who kept a small fruitshop in one of the by-streets. Disclosure meant suffer ing and ostracism. It was the old, old story. He loved her, but dreading opposition, had married her in secret, trusting to some freak of fortune to enable him to attain such a position that he might publicly acknowledge his girl wife. At the time "he was a junior clerk in a Government office, but he was not without talents, and his aspirations lay in literary ambition. There was very limited scope, however, for a budding poet in Sydney then, and beyond scribbling verses and writing quaint romances, in which the central idea was love, he did not make much advance towards aim and fame. One or two little poems of his appeared in obscure papers. That was all. Still, in a more encouraging environment he might have attained sufficient success to carry him out of his position of dependency, and defy convention for the sake of his love." " Say, boss, you're slinging in a lot of tough words that I don't catch on to," interrupted Tom. "So I am, Thomas. I beg your Imperial pardon. Though I have no doubt you can follow the main points of the narrative." " Oh, yes ; but you take a long while to say that this young chap, Ingelby, had married his gal unknown to his guv'ner. How did he get on, and how did he get round the old man ?—that's what's worryin' me." "Well, he never did get round his father. You'll hear all about it directly. I must explain things. After struggling on for some months poor Ingelby saw no chance of improving his prospects. He became disheartened, and one day he confided to his mother, and sought to enlist her sympathy. But she was a partner in the family pride, and was greatly shocked at what she called her son's mesalliance, She immediately told his father/ and then there was a wild scene of reproach and repudiation, and Ingelby was banished from the old home, " About this time there were reports of fresh gold discoveries in Victoria^ and the young men of Sydney were mad with the desire to be off and try their luck. Rawson was attacked by the fever like the rest, and he communicated the epidemic to Ingelby, who was melancholy, and felt the thrill of reaction that springs from the electric battery of iiope, It required very little persuasion to induce him to join Rawson in proceeding south. So they set out for the scenes of fortune and adventure. . " Ingelby left his young wife with her parents, parting from her with repeated assurances of his devotion and of his intention to send for her as soon as his good luck would enable him to do so, You see he was one pf the sentimental kind, and really loved her deeply and truly. " There is no need to describe the wanderings of Ingelby and his mate. In a couple of weeks they reached Melbourne, and another week saw them amongst the excited diggers on the ironbark ridges or in the alluvial gullies. They had much to learn, but they were intelligent and eager, and soon picked up the main tricks of gold seeking. Success varied, and they wandered hither and thither as fresh rushes attracted the swarm of human ants. " At last they found themselves at a new diggings called Murdok's Flat, and the second hole they bottomed turned up a real trump—a right bower. They were getting an ounce to the dish, and in three weeks' time they were worth ^300 apiece. " In the exultation of his fortune Ingelby wrote to his wife. She was to prepare to come down to Melbourne, when he would see about bringing her up to the Flat. Meanwhile he would get ready as suitable a habitation as the* circumstances would permit, but he wanted her to be with him and to share in his joy. " He bought a larger tent, and told Rawson he was about to set up an establishment of his own, though of course they would be mates still. Rawson was surprised, and indulged in the usual banter, or, in more serious moments, advised his friend to postpone his wedding until they had worked out their claim, when his position would be so much more improved, and he might possibly retire. 4"But, old man, I'm already married,'" said Ingelby. " Rawson whistled his astonishment. * You sly old dog,' he said; 4 who would have suspected yoi* of it?' "c Weil, I couldn't help it,' stammered Ingelby.. 6 We loved each other, but the governor was furious, and that's what made me throw up my billet and come over here. And I promised to> send for Grace as soon as I could.' " 4 All right, old fellow. I'll help you to furnish* I think I could manage to split slabs and bore augur-holes. But just to think of you being captured and I not knowing.' Never mind—I'll be the old bachelor of the firm, and I really believe I'd make a good godfather." " By the time the amateur architects had fixed up the tent and had placed in it as many of the auxiliaries of comfort as was possible in the tran sitory state of society, Grace had reached Mel bourne, and Ingelby went as far as Ballarat to meet her and bring her on to Murdok's Flat. "When they were finally settled in the canvas house they were very happy. Ingelby forgot his. father's frowns and anger in the sweetness of love's young dream, and Grace was contented in the devotion of her husband. They looked upon their stay on the goldfields as only temporary, and antici pated the time when they would be able to return to Sydney with sufficient wealth to make them independent of the Civil service and family pride. * " Ingelby and Rawson were still on the lead, and held the Commissioner's receipt for ^2,000 worth of gold, but the claim was beginning to pan out, so they moved to the other end of the flat and pegged out a new claim. "The- two months of Grace's presence had had a marked effect on her husband, and latterly upon Rawson, who spent all his spare time at his mate's tent. There was nothing very strange in this, but a change had come over his mood and manner. If Ingelby had not been so blind and confiding he 'might have guessed that his mate was developing a passion for his wife. Grace was not so obtuse— women have a keener instinct of the affections than men. "Passion soon abolished friendship in Rawson's heart, and gradually he became possessed of a growing and dangerous hatred for Ingelby, the man who was married to the woman he loved with savage fierceness. As yet, however, he had not become dangerous, and Ingelby was unsuspecting. Still day by day the tragedy was becoming silently intensified. Grace saw every change in Rawson, and knew the cause, but shrank from telling her husband. So far there was no thought of faithlessness in her mind, but she lacked courage to precipitate what seemed growing towards a crisis. " The dumb drama could not continue for ever. Ingelby began to notice the change in his com panion's demeanor, and twitted him with being a pessimist in good fortune. " 4 Look here, old man,' he said, 4 we'll have to get you married. That's the best cure for the dumps.' 4 44 Dumps be hanged! I wish you'd talk sense or leave me alone.' "'Oh! all right, my boy. But, really, I don't think you are well. Take a run down to Mel bourne; that'll brighten you up. It must be depressing to live in a tent by yourself.' "' I'll go when I'm ready, and I'm not ready yet.' " Ingelby put it all down to his liver, and met surliness with frank charity. He spoke to Grace on the subject, but she did not even hint that she knew more than her husband. " Rawson maintained his suppressed attitude of attention to Grace. When not working he was always at hand, and haunted her with his eyes. His infatuation possessed him as his hatred for Ingelby intensified. Murder was in his soul, and only required the opportunity to burst into activity. The devil whispered in his ear, but chance frus trated the prompter. "Some glimmering of the situation at last dawned upon Ingelby, though his ingenuous nature prevented him from seeing it all plainly. He dis dained to reproach his wife, for her fidelity was in no wise compromised. He merely remarked— "' What is the matter with Rawson ? Something very strange has come over him.' "' I don't know,' was Grace's answer. Perhaps he's sickening for low fever.' "■' Bother it all, I wish he'd take a trip to Ballarat and see a doctor. He's getting intolerable. If he doesn't mind I shall have to cut the partnership.' "' It might be as well.' "'But why does he hang about our tent so much ?' "Poor Ingelby, he did not care to put his dim suspicibn any plainer. '" Oh, well,' said Grace7 gropihg for an excuse, 'Perhaps he does not like to make any friends here, and he has nowhere else to go.' ' That may be so, but Jiis manner is so peculiar u when he is here. He doesn't seem the same to me as he used to be.' " ' Do you think there is anything troubling him— something on his mind. You don't know his Tasmanian history.'" " The suggestion was palpably intended to divert the husband's conclusions, but Ingelby did not penetrate the motive, weak yet innocent though it was. He only said— "' Well, my dear, it is too bad to inflict his churlishness upon us. I have hinted a remon strance already, and I shall speak to him again. Our lives have opened too brightly to tolerate even a temporary cloud.'" " The next morning while they were working away Ingelby sought to reopen the subject, but Rawson met every approach with ill-suppressed sullenness, and at midday he put on his coat and remarked— " ' While you are mending the windlass I'll just go over to the store.'" " Half an hour later Ingelby went home for his dinner. Rounding the brush breakwind to his terjt he heard Rawson's voice inside and stopped to listen, held in the power of an apprehensive fear. " * t love you, I love you—Grace, I love you,' Rawson was hurling out. " I know it,' she replied in trembling admission, but not encouragement. "' I love you desperately—desperately. I have tried to strangle this love. It was no use. I love you, I love you, and I could go on saying that until you believed me.' " c Oh! what madness,' she cried faintly. "c Madness !' he laughed, * if it is madness, then God is responsible.' "' Go, go!' demanded Grace feebly, in her agita tion. u ' Will you fly with me ?' Ingelby could not stand it longer. The sicken ing feeling that had seized him now burst into ungovernable rage as he stepped in front of Rawson and almost screamed— "Traitor! Villain! Scoundrel! But for her presence I would kill you.' "Rawson went out and away. Ingelby bent down and lifted his fainting wife to her bed. She was very ill, and he watched by her. At dusk he heard a rustling outside, and called— " ' Who's there V u Then there was silence again; yet he knew what it meant. He did not sleep, but waited. At midnight the rustling was repeated, and he went out into the darkness, dreadful in his outraged honor. " ' Where are you, you dog ?' he cried. . " The reply was the flash of a pistol and a bullet hole through his coat. The instant of light re vealed his foe, and he sprang upon him and buried the blade of his large clasp-knife in his breast, leaving it there." " It was through this tragedy that Murdok's Flat became known as Murderer's Flat." With various interruptions by Tom and stop pages by myself to point out an uncommon plant or a picturesque vista of the river, the recounting of this drama of the diggings had brought us within half a mile of the Red Cliff, and I began to poetise on the subtle effects of the long shadows in the water. But Tom was not at all interested. He wanted to know what had happened to Ingelby. They didn't hang him, did they ?" he asked. No, but they imprisoned him for life." Well, it was a bloomin' shame." " Morally perhaps it was, but the law is law. He was liberated after serving about fifteen or sixteen years. Come on down this track here. It dips into a little gully off the cliff. I want to show you something. Ingelby was no good afterwards. He wandered about all over the country like'a resurrected mummy, and became known as ' The Hatter.' Ha ! here it is. See that bark hut. He has lived there for the last four years." We knocked and looked in at the half-opened door. He was lying on his rude bunk—dead. "But what became of the wife?" asked Tom, awed into a whisper by the sight of the dead man. " Died in Melbourne, waiting for her husband's liberty." u u u A. T. Chandler. 