ABOVE THE SPEAKER SKETCHES IN PARLIAMENT. By Timothkcs. 'Timotheus placed on high." The political chief of these days roust be able to play his personal part in the mette after the fashion of Homer's heroes, or of the slashing " Shaw the Life guardsman." Likewise he must survey the field as does the modern general, and " teach repulsed battalions to engage," as with Mnrlborough In advance, or draw " the laboured rampart lines " of a Wellington in retreat. Tin's week Sir Graham Berry was the cautious leader rather than the fighting hero. He recognised that to seek to defeat the Ministry in the House just now is to strengthen it in the country. His oppor tunity is not to-day, but is later on. So in his kindest manner Sir Graham intimated that last week's ebullition was all an error, and that really the desire of the Opposition is to assist Ministers into a recess. The hon. gentleman did the thing handsomely. Why, he asked Ministers, pass only one rail-1 way bill per evening? Why not suspend the | Btandingorders, and introduceand goon with , a second or third as the opportunity offered ? j So business has' been pushed through, and a ) strange, perplexing, and eventful session is at its close. When the House met in June, with the big Shiels-Berry majority, it did not appear likely that the Government of the day would go out, and still less probable was it that the end would find Mr. J. B. Patter son in. The calm of the closing days is only on the surface. It cannot deceive the steady watchers, and if visitors are misled it is be cause they usually go and come at the wrong times. "The still and solemn hour when night and moming meet" is theproper period to intrude upon the Assembly—not just after dinner, which is the common selection, but just before supper. Graveyards do not yawn at midnight, and neither do members, who rather become lively. Ghosts do not appear upon the scene, but the passions do. It was just before 12 that the decision on the second reading of the Appropriation Bill was taken, and that was the time for a glimpse into the real House—not the Honse on good behaviour, but the House with Mr. M'Lean and Mr. Wheeler indulging in jeers and taunts in response to declarations by Mr. Patterson and sarcasms and challenges thrown in by Mr. Downes Carter. Mr. Carter's lively address was forced upon him. Tie had to stonewall for a time, for the Ministry had let supporters go home, and for Ministers to sustain a defeat the first time they were challenged directly by the direct Opposition—Sir Graham Berry having submitted the amendment—would have been at the best a personal humiliation.' Amateur whips were at work, and were so eager in their business that the perspiration dripped from their foreheads as they checked lists ami sent in hot haste for getatahle men. Sir Bryan was pressed into, the work, the bon. baronet returning triumphant with the pleasing and rotund form of the senior Mr. Murphy, while Mr. Gillies strolled in accompanied by the burly Mr. Murray, who consented to vote with the new men. Then Mr. Garter could sit down. There are two stonewalls, one on which you amuse the House by gambols, and the other on which you go for the foe, and the Treasurer had adopted the latter Dolicy. And the Opposi tion bad replied with jiljes and yells, so that both sides had the inestimable advan tage cf learning what the one thinks of the other. Ministers look upon their critics as baffled, disappointed, and incompetent, and the Opposition regard Ministers as adven turers, who jumped the position, and pre vented the coalition settlement which " real leaders" were arranging. In anger as well as in wine there is truth. Only one conclusion could be drawn from the stormy episode. The Opposition have not token to the new Government kindly. They will attack at tbe.earliestmomenttheypbtoin the cjiance. So soon as Ministers develop their policy the Left will seek new alliances, and will mean immediate mischief. Few things would seem to be so certain as that the ndxfc Budget—no matter what it is—will lead to a want of confidence motion of some kind, mid that this motion will have a good pros pect of being carried. And the Govern ment recognising so much, said time after time, through Mr. Carter, » Defeat us when you like, but defeat will mean a dissolu tion.' Amid so much heat it was amusing to see the coolness and courtesy of Mr. Gillies on the one side and Sir Graham Berry on the other. Mr. Gillies relied on the " patriotism " and the "experience" of Sir Graham not to push opposition to a vote. If Sir Graham dissented from this view of his dnty it was not withopt a reference to the " courtesy" and "sagacity'/ of the member.for the Eastern Suburbs. Neither of the hon. gentle men would stoop to act on the precept which enjoinB the Parliamentarian to treat his friend as though he might become a foe. But both know the value—-iQ certain circum stances—of treating the foe as though be might become a friend—possibly an early -k & ■ f jfrftirint^tiroes "will not be bad for Mr. is farmorelikely to make a snoce8siyh?n the winds ;blow,when there are perils to be aunuounted, and when personal courage »tell—when hla enemies will saorite himfriends—than he is likely to shine |<s ^riletpfcriofls.j#^ faults are noticed and ^ first part, at «ll wve»ts, rif dhe Shaftesbury lines apply— rwllen the wnve* tan high, ,/bUt, fiw a fcabn unfit, IfaS Moda to boast hit wit.", equipped for any Jtiifiy be before it. Mr. with the battle axe, and Mr. Carter a Saladin with the scimitar. One peacemaker in a Cabinet is always required, and circumstances have tkruBt this role upon Sir Bryan. Office, that hon. gentleman has confessed, in a modest little addreBS, has materially modified his news about borrowing, about retrenchment —and about censuring Ministers. The time has come for abandoning recrimination, and for working together. ".Little children, love one another," is now his cry. lie has altogether lost his loquacity— As bees on flowers alightimr cease their hum, So Celts on office settling soon are dumb. It is a pleasure to see anyone 80 downright happy as Sir Bryan looks. The mining vote waB debated with great vigour to the end. Between the officers of the department and the mining members there is fierce war on this point. The officers can—and do—put some galling comments in their reports, and the mining members retaliate with a surprising wealth of expres sion in the House. The department controls the diamond drills, and the members Biip port the local; hoards who divided—share and share alike—the prospecting grant ; the officers uver . that the grant has done positive mischief by inducing companies to waste time in a miserable scramble instead of attending to work, while according to Mr. Vale the history of a diamond drill would be as good as a detec tive story of mystery and crime. Mr. Vale clings to the hope—just clings to it—that the officers are guilty only of folly. "It would have been better tor the colony," chimes in Mr. M'Lellan, "had they all been drowned so soon as they were born." A reconciling criticism seems possible here, and it maybe believed that the one part of the ex penditure is mismanaged and that the other is useless — so that the one could be reduced and the other stopped. But it will be a great, fight next session be-1 tween the retrenches and the taxes. It will be a struggle betwixt wind and tide. It | will depend on the strength of the one in fluence or the other whether the ship swings I to the breeze or to the current, and all that j can be predicted is screeching and confusion,, and perhaps a shipwreck, the Ministry to go out of office or the House to go to the j country. Altogether the discussions on the municipal; vote reduction and the mining vote reduc- j tion must have taught Ministers one lesson. Playing with retrenchment will not save them. It is quite as easy to carry a big scheme as a small one, for a big scheme may win support where a little one would irritate the-few and would not arouse the many from their normal condition of apathy. Mr. Graves should take heart. His con stituents can by no means reasonably blame biraalvout the omitted Glenrowan-Hedi line. No one could have trimm ed with more skill1 than the ho_n. mendier in favour of the local | railway. When the Ministerial crisis occurred both sides were counting on his vote, and both regretted the Budden call which had taken-the hon. gentleman to remote regions beyond the possibility of recall—which had compelled him to put mountains, forests, and rivers between himself and a crucial decision. On hiB return to town, it was discovered that the hon. member was a discriminating sup porter of the men in power, prepared, as he said, to judge by results—hoping that Minis ters would rise above a paltry localism and would propose great and national works— Buch as the Hedi and Glenrowan cockspnr. "No baccy no prayers." "No line no vote." And as all that was made clear to a Govern ment that want votes badly, wliat more could he done by the local member? Glen rowan and Hedi will be in the next bill, of course, but evidently Mr. Graves thinks tiiat a dissolution will come prior to that bill, and that he can pose best as the opponent of the men who "cruelly and infamously" denied to Delatite the right of priority. When the O'Loghlen Government retired one or two of its members became altered men. They imagined a grievance, Bhowed temper, and degenerated into bores. It would be a .thousand pities - if any of the ex- ! Ministers of to-day imitated this bad example. .In no situation is a breezy, good natured disposition-shown to more advan tage than on'the front Opposition row. After all no one pegs out a freehold on the Treasury benches, and no one is permanently excluded except by himself. In England, according* to Dickens, the man who has tamed morose becomes a turnpike-keeper, so that he can gratify'bis feelings by levying tolls. In Victoria, whatever else happens to the morose man, he is never again a Minister, , ... All the speed which tne iiegisianve vonp cil could put into its work has not enabled that honourable and astute body to catch up with the .'Absentee Tax Bill.- > Almost it would reach the. measure, apd then the in tervening subject would be found to'require so much discussion that an adjournment would lie required. Even if the session were ex tended for a month, it is probable that the Council would not quite get opto the pro C6U posal. Apparently the Council does not want to reject the bill and to come into col lision with the Assembly, nor does it desire, to pass the measure -and run. the risk of scaring English capital by a class .tax. Hence the idea of letting the impost stand over to be included ih the larger and alt-round scheme, which, alas! seems probable next session. The three medical men in the Assembly have their joint and several peculiarities. Mr. L. L. Smith Is the "loudest" of mem bers—" loud1' in eyery sense of il&tenh;, Ho one will deny to "Mr.' M&lohCy; the.fdll enjoy-, ment of the right and title of thd "sHli&t; of all. Out ot doors heis sometime^ referred to as a •"firebrand,"hut this expression pro vokes among the initiated a smile. A fire brand is someone who can domlsohief, while Mr. Moloney only -provokes s titter." No one felt inclined to take notioe of- blske-' fererices to "-repudiation?* as a possibility, - becausfi these utterances are only meant -to attract - ottentidn^ahd' are aorompanied with a lobk irofind for effect • ^'Odnlti you i -think miy opinions very - dread-i full" "'Amj I not really shocking jyou?" Mr. 'Scott, the third medical man: Sof the Horise, is evidently a psycho logical study ofhis fellow- practitioner,And at this stage he gravely questions whether all the West Melbourne onattet he faeaxsis sane. This is natural enough. But really there 1b a line ho he drawn between pou tical non-saneness -and pouter-pigeon vanity,? The old womanwhoii ved in* Bhoe,and was troubled ddth a numerous family, had*' particular form of punishment^sdministerefi no doubt with' a slipper—which might well' be left in the hands of Mr. Speaker on these idle " repudiation " talk occasions. 