OUR HAUNTED FIRST FLOOR. Br L. E. B, STEPHENS. We bod a larger bouse than wo required, bat, like other people who are afllictod with a limUlar encumbrance, wo were not too proud to accept mouetary compensation for tbe posies-ion of tbe atipcrfiuouA portion thereof. Uouco, whon Mr and Mrs Dlobiou, in reaponso to tbo advertisement, took our two firet- lloor rooms, my wife woa fntensoly relieved ; for ovor since we bad come into the house— ouly a fow weeks —the always had declared that tho old place was hauntod. At loaat, wheu I say old, do uot mis understand mo. The house suffered from the constitutional disease of jorry-buildiatn (ceilings ialliug periodically, pipca leaking, iloors aud windows shaking and all that cort of thing), aud therefore its old ago was prematura. X think it is tho Americans who say wo have so many storeys to our houses that we do not start counting them till wo reach obout the third. But you know what I moan by first floor— tho drawing-rooms ; only Mrs Titmai and I aro sach modest and truthful peoplo, wo don't liko to uso that pbraso wheu thoy are not our drawiug Wo had no references with Blobson. Wo are not suspicious poople, Airs Titmas and I, and that mild, inoffensive muu's meek countenance was sorely a guarantee of good faith in itself. However, no sooner had tboy got their furniture in— uot oven waiting to sot it in order -than they announced to us that they wero going for a fe 'week's holiday, and ono flao morning they both took their departure in a four- wheeled cab, accompanied by a good-sixod port- mantoau. From this moment uiy wife conooivod an in tense dislike for Biobson. Tbo fact was that tho former lady had beon very anxious for company, and now they were taking them selves off again. Having obtained porsosstou of their rooms and plocod thoir household gods in thom, they were surely at liberty to go or stay as thoy pleasod 7 Thus I argued, logically enough, eel thought ; hut Mrs T. woold nono of each arguments. All alio knew was that sho woe onco mora iu this placo, alono nud un protected, for sho always reckoned me as no body— I suppose booouss mau and wife aro ono, and that one is tbo wife. Anyhow, tho Blobsons wont awsy, thoir rooms remained locked up, aud our raajoatio halls were wrapped in silence. After this a great number of letters cams for them, aud a great many peoplo called, all of whom soomod disappointed and somo increduloaa wh>-u wo told theui that tbey hod gouo for o few woobs, and we know uot whither. Evidently Mouaaeeh Blobtou was a man who wue much sought after. It was tho noxt night subsequent to thoir de parture—" that night 1 ahull uovor forgot," as tho popular eoug says— whon I was sud denly awakened by a gentio pnnch on tho part of my better half. " Hark, Timothy !" bIo crfod, "Wako up, for goodness sake ! What's that noiio ? I'm sura this houso will be the doath of uie." " Wind, porhaps," I replied, drowsily. Another gontlo push. This Umo I eat bolt upright and rubbed my oyos. Yes, thoro was a straogo noiso— a stealthy, uncanny croaioug of tho stalrcaso. I jumped out of tod, struck a light, seized tbo pokur and dasbod out into the passage. 1 should hero explain that our bedchamber was what, uoder normal circumstances, would have been the bock parlor, and was, therefore, directly beneath Bloboon's unoccupied rooms. In tbo passago X stood, having softly closed tho door bejihid ine, but not a sound was to to heard ; only down tho stairs thoro blew an Ice- Olid, death- Uko blast, which mado mo ahuddor. Tills was all tho more strange as I hod closed all doors and wiudows. Ah. vhat was that? I could almost finvn eworn that a tall, shadowy form stood in tho corner; -but as I chorgod It, poker in hand, it seemed to disappear into the gloom— that is, if it ever had toen tbore, and was not a creature of my imagination. Then I returaod to our todroom, where I found tny wife in her dressing gown, standing in the ceutre of tbe floor, lookiog as white as any orthodox ghost berselt. "Well, what havo you seen?" she asked, in a voire of terror. " Nothing, my lovo." At this inomont we heard the noise of a door banging proceeding from the stairs -a sound all tbo moro appalling and unaccountable, as- being without a servant just then— wo wore quito alone in the bouse. At Uio samo time the gas chandelier, without any apparent cause, began to shiver . and vibrato : and Mrs Titmas, threwiug herself convulsively into my'arms, uttered a piercing shriek. Fortunately, she is not a woman who resorts to fainting, as a rale, or I should have beon at my wits' end what to do next. "Thorcra, my lovo !" I exclaimed. " ril tell you what it is, Timothy— and I havo thought so all along— those two ouipty rooms on the first floor are haunted I" " Noussnse, my dear ! Most likely some one has got into the house, which I shall soon find out." " Burglars don't generally baug doors." " Neither do ghosts, that I'vo ever hoard." " I don't think it's a matter to joko about." "The burglar will fully agraa with you thore when I catch him," I repliod, valoroueiy, snatching up the tongs in addition to my former weapon, Tbusarmod, I searched tho whole house- basements, front parlor, attics. I tried Blob- sou's doors. Thoy wore looked fast enough. I poepetl through tho keyholes. Naught but darkness to be soon. I found nothing. All was in ordor. Every whoro roigaod homelike eiionco and respectable ropoae. " Titmas," said my far better half, as I re turned to the bedroom' with these nogativo tidings, " if you don't break opoa theeo two doors upstairs, and Qud what dreadful thing is in there, you are not a man," " My doar Theresa, consider. 8uoh oondunt might possibly lay mo open to mlsoonstrucUou when the Btobioos como home. You soo, the moms ore theirs, aud by law—" " Thoa you consider your Blobsons and your laws before my feelings? Very well, Mr Titmas 1" This Is a favorite tine of argument with some ladles, and it not quito roaaouablo, it is very successful and unaasworablo, for it has tbe ad mirable effoct of putting you lo the wrong and making you fool ashamed of yourself. The rat of tho night was passed in stiouco— a- sort of armed neutrality— for sleep was out of tho question. Morning oamo at lost, aod in Us customary sequence day was followed by night. I will freely oonfesa that we both ' dreaded to see the shadows of oventog drawing in, bat wo justi fied our courage with a little drop otsoinothiug abort and hot. We composed ourselves to sleep somewhat early ; but oven as the tittlo clock on our mtiitel|deoe chimed twelvo we both woke up with a simultaneous start. No sooner had that orthodox hour fiotshod striking than our ears were assailed by a sickening thud above us as thoogh some heavy body had fallen or beon thrown down. Then there was a groan— a voriUblo bumsn groan— followed by the same uncanny creakinx of tho «tairo-ise n« on the previous night. 1 jum|>od up and soixiid the poker. Tboresa got up, too, ami donning her dressing-gown, remarked, bravely : " I will come, too, this time I" ' " Store you Insist, my lovo " She bad not epefistijr insisted, bot I will admit I was glad of her support. Sho is a strong-minded woman, andf do not toiiovo either ghosts, burglars, or murderers would ven ture to glvo her any of their nousense, I know 1 seldom do. Sho took up tbo candle, and X preceded hor with my wrepon of offence aod defence. Out on tho staircase silence reigned supreme once more, but that samo ire-cold blast fanned our faoes, coming from whence wo knew not. Sud denly a fearful shriek broko from Mrs Titmas' iii«- "Ah, look, look!" sho exclaimed, atthosamo time precluding the possibility of my obeying her Injunotlou by dropping tho candle, which was instantly extinguished. " For goodness' sake, my love, what to it?" I cried, sbuggliug with a refractory match which tit only on tho box— end uot always there. " Blood 1" she answered, in tones of intense horrur. "Look, Timothy, look!" I did look, for I bad by this timo suoooodad in reanimating the candle. " Something haatoeasplUcd here," Itepliodj- II but X do not think it U blood," ! "Wtotiilt,thial" y / 11 Water, or something. You must have dropped it yourself." "I! I solemnly assure you there was nothing thoro when I came up to tod. Besides, what should I have toen carrying to tho top of the house? Bee, it goes up, up on every stair. No I toll you, it is blood !" Sho would bave it it was blood, so blood D bad to to, as I informed you that Theresa al ways bad hor owu way ; aud that evening's en tertainment ended up with tho nearest approach to hysterics that 1 have eror experienced on tho part of my totter half. By tho followiug morning the spots, what ever thoy were, had all disappeared. Tho matter remained inexplicable, and troubled mo not a little. The next night, at tho " witching hour when churchyards yawn," etc.— or I supposo that must havo boeu tho hour, for my watch was slow— I was suddenly awakened hy tho samo noite as before— tho creating of tho stairs— and then thore was tbe souud us of a deep sigh in tho air. This timo Mrs Titmna slumbered soundly, overcome by waut of sloop upou tho previous nights; solgotupvory softly, armed mysolf onco moro with tho poker and tongs, and crept stealthily out Into the passago, closing tho door behind mo. I could soo my, way quito easily, for it was a moonlight night, and pro ceeded on tip-too down tho kitchen stairs. Ah, thoro it was ogaiu, dowu by the scullery door— tho samo shadowy form as I hod soon before This timo it should not escapo mo, and 1 rushed ?pon it, brandishing both tougs and pokor. "Hero, hold hard a bit! Don't murder mo!" criod tho ghost That voico! Good Haavoa! It was my lodgor, Meuassob Blobson ! "What tho devil are you doing horo?" I criod. " Fetching wator," ho replied irapertur- tobly. " But whoro did you corao from V "My own room. I'vo novor boon away." Thou the mystery of our hauntod first floor was solved. Blobson was deeply in debt, and his creditors having traced him to our house, ho had resolvod to oludo thom for a time ; so ho got his wifo away on a visit to somo relations, and thou returned himsoif, taking advantage of a tfino in tho ovontog whon ho know we should to out. Having first got in a sufilckmt supply of food and fuel, he would boop quiot all day, and stool down at night in quost of wator. Tbo croaking of tho stairs, tho ghostly sighs, tho wator— not blood— which tho inoffonsivo man had spilled, tho vibration of tho chandoiior which took placo whon ho crept about his room— all, all was now explained. Mrs Titmas' iudignationknow no bounds, and sbo luetitod that the Blobsons should to given notice to quit, uotwithstandiug my representa tions that thoy wero iu trouble- might be the same onnelvoa somo day ; tosldos, thoy at least paid us us thoir reut punctually ate. No, no ; sho hid said they wore moan, decoit- ful people tho first momont sho sot eyes on thom. Bho was not going to bo hauntod like that in hor own houao-not very likely, Woll, co quo femrao vout,.otc ; and I havo told you Theresa Titmas' notions on tho matrimonial unities. So tho ghost had to dopart from us, and our first floor was haunted no more. — " Weekly Budget." 