THE [ALL BIGHTS HE8EEVEB.] OttirTEE B* THE EEV. S. G. FIELDING, (Of St. John's, Parramatta). VIII.—At Sea Once More: 'Tha Flowery Land." IX.—At the Wheel X —How Captain Dobbin fell Overboard and waB not Drowned. XI.—How Captain Dobbin went on a Shooting Expedition and got into Difficulties. tXII—The Fight on Deck. XIII.—Sbanehii: The " Victoria." XIV.—The Typhoon. XV.—The Struggle for Life. XVI.—Saved. XVII.—Does God Rule the Storm F XVIII.—Old Friends. XIX.—"The Land of the White Elephant." XX.—The Flight. XXL—The Bains of an Ancient City. XXII.—A Night Among the Ruins. XXIII.—Betrayed and Beaten. XXTV.—The Last Yarn. XXV.—The Shadow of Death. XXVL-"When the Sea shall give up her Dead." XXVII.—A Terrible Judgment. XXVIII.—Another Death Bed. XXIX.-Jackson's Plot. XXX.—Fred Receives a Letter. XXXI.—Fred Appeals to the Consul. XXXIL—The Ship Springs a Leak: Fred is put in Irons. XXXIII.—Possesacd by a Devil. XXXIV.—The Burning 8hip. XXXV.—Chained in the Lazaretto of the Burning Ship. XXXVI. —Castaway. XXXVII.—" A Day and a Night in the Deep." XXXVIII.—A Strange Sacrifice. XXXIX.—Bescoed. XL.—Aboard the "Orient Liner." XL1.—New South Wales Once More. XLII. " My other Dearer Life in Life." (Commenced in our issue of FeDruaxy."] 18th CHAPTER VIII. (Continued.) A. Chinese storekeeper, at the lady's request, had brought some water in a basin; she now stooped down and began to wash the blood off the face of the wounded lad. The cold water revived him. He opened his eyes, and saw a form bending over him, and heard a sweet girlish voice saying, " Poor boy, they must have hurt you very much." "Where am I?" he asked He raised himself up, and saw a lovely face with deep blue eyes, filled with pity, looking into his. He had an indistinct remembrance of having seen the same face before; but where ? He could not tell. Then as his senses returned, he suddenly remembered what had happened, and wondered what strange chance had brought such a beautiful creature to his rescue. "I thought my last hour had oome, and the Chinamen were going to kill me," he murmured. ' " You'll soon Ijb all right,returned the clergyman. Then addressing a few words in Chinese to the storekeeper who stood by, a close palanquin was quickly brought, into which Fred was lifted. "Thank you very much," he said, "I am afraid that I am giving you a lot of trouble." In a short time they were safely out of the city. "Now you had better ride on to your ship," said the clergyman to Jack. Tell your captain what has happened, and that your companion is safe at the mission house Here, give him this card, and eayjthat we will send him on board early to-morrow morning." " But our ship sails early to-morrow sir," responded Tack. " Then tell him where your shipmate is; he must be attended to and have his wound dressed, you have no doctor on board, I suppose ?" " No, sir." Tack rode away towards the ship,which was moored about two miles further down the river. In a few minutes the party reached the mission house. Here Fred's wounds were examined and dressed; they. were found to be,,much less serious than his new friends at first supposed, and after he had drunk a glass of wine' he felt quite Jiimself again. On looking closely at the clergyman, to his astonishment, he recognised him as the preaoher he had heard a few weeks ago ^t Hpng Kong, and in the features of both him and the yonng lady he remarked a strong likeness to his 'Mend Will Mansfield. He then,, remembered Will's strange agitation, and his earnest desire to see the clergyman, and wondered if they were related in any way: • 1 Several times he was: on the point of (Baying something abont this strange likenesB. JJut he felt oonfiiBed, and his face grew hot and red whenever the girl spoke to him. He thotight that he had never seen such a beautiful' face before; in fact being of a very susceptible Jemprament, he then , and there fell in love, and secretly wished that his ship might sail without him. -' His heart sank when he heard . the doctor fay that his injuries w.ere slight and that he could go on board the next day, or thesame evening for that matter, 'and he regretted th at the Chinaman'jiad.riot given him a' blow that. would. 1 jjaije | prevented Ho being '••«••'; - • My^medj^Jakes a deep interest in sailors; indeed we both have reason to do so," the girl's voice was tremulous and tears stood in her bln^ eyes, as she spoke, " Therefore you mn6t come and see us when you return to Tintsein." Fred promised that he would, and again remarked the strong likeness to his young friend, and was about to speak, when a ring came to the door, and a Chinese servant ushered in "Mr. Aspy, chief officer of the barque Southern Light." Jack had reported the accident to the captain, who sent Aspy to the Mission bouse, with orders to get Fred on board at onoe, as the ship would sail at 6ix o'clock on the following morning. The doctor had dressed his wounds and Fred was finishing tea when Aspy entered the room-and announced his mission. " Couldn't you let him stay until tomorrow morning f " said the young lady. " My brother will send him on board early." " My orders are that he must return at once," replied Aspy in a surly tone; " besides, I dare say, the boy would feel more comfortable on board his ship." Fred waB about to contradict this statement, but refrained, knowing that it would be useless to do so. " Will you wait a few minutes?" said the girl. " I want to give you a little book." "Thank you very much," replied Fred. She left the room and in a few minuteE returned with a copy of Miss Havergall's poems. " Will yon accept this from me ?" " Thank you for all- your kindness," returned Fred. " Good bye," she said kindly, extending her hand, " mind if ever you visit Tintsein again, you will oome and see us. We shall be here for a few months longer." Fred again promised that he would. A Chinese servant opened the door, and he found himself in the street and the chief officer by his side, on his way back to his ship. Once or twice he thought of running away, but he felt, that tired and weak as he was, Aspy would soon overtake him and compel him to return. When he got on board, Will was asleep, so he could say nothing to him about his adventure or having seen the clergyman who had interested him 60 much at Hong Kong. "I'll tell him early in the morning," he thought, and tumbling into his bunk was soon fast asleep, dreaming of the sweet face he had seen. He thought he was working aloft on the top gallant yard when he saw a steamer passing down the river, on the deck of which she stood waving a handkerchief to a clergyman upon the bank, just and as the steamer got opposite to his ship she lost her balance and fell into the river. Fred saw her swept down by the strong current, her long fair hair floating on the surface of the stream and her blue eyes looking beseechingly up to his for help. He sprang from the yard to rescue her and felt himself falling through the air, till at last he struck the water and awoke in a fright to find Jack swearing at him from the opposite bnnk, and asking him to Btop hiB confounded row, and to turn out and man the windlass." CHAPTER IX. Ar the Wheel. " I hear the noise about thy keel, I bear the bell struck in the niftht I see the cabin window bright, I see the sailor at the wheel. —In Mcmoriam In less than half-an-hour the last warp that connected the Southern Light with Tintsein, had been thrown off; the bower anchor was hove up, and the vessel was was slowly dropping down the stream. Fred watched the tall chimneys of the distant mission house, until a bend in the river hid them from view; then the tug boat came alongside and they quickly glided past ships, steamers, junks, and long fines of mud houses. Fred sighed, forhe felt somehow that it was his last glimpse of Tintsein. But he was not all unhappy, and went about his work filled with a vague feeling of pleasure, humming a soft tune to himself. His bright face, and light cheerful tread along the deck were noticed by "Willie. "Why, Fred," he said, "you look quite happy after your shaking yesterday. 1 am sorry that I was asleep when you came on board, but I had been up all the night before on watch, so the skipper told me to go below." - " Bye the bye, Will," interrupted Fred, " I forgot to tell you, I saw the clergyman who preached at Hong Kong." Will changed colour. " What!" be gasped. " The clergyman who preached that evening we went ashore ? " Yes. I was carried to his house after I had been knocked down by the Chinaman." " Are you sure that he was the same man?" "TeB, certain. I knew him at once on account of the strong resemblance he l bears to yon." ''' Was there anyone with him ? " " Yes, a young lady," and Fred coloured a little himself. 0b,,I!red,I wi8h I had seen them. He could apt have received my letter or else he would have known that we were in Tintsein." You're Borne relation to that lady and gentleman, Will. Are you not? I can tell that by.the likeness," said Fred,' gazing ctiriouslyat his companion. ".Yes, they are my brother and raster. Icametmt here on the chance of droppfng aoross them, and to think of being so .close and yet missing them. Why did yon not tell them I was on board the ship, Fred?" " Well, you see I was not sure, that you were in any way Connected with them. I was going to say something two or three times; bnt thought I must have been mistaken." I wish you had. But never mind I may be able to. find them out when we return from Russia." Fred looked at his companion inquiringly and said," What does it mean ; Will?" " I will tell you all about it some day." said Willie, "the little story of my life, but not now." It was late in September when the Southern Light left Tintsein and although they had cleared the Gulf of Petchelee and stood northward with the 8. W. monsoons still blowing, they could not expect them to last much longer. " Well, Will old fellow," jsftid Fred, as they leant over the topgallant railing during the first dog watch, the third day after. they Aad left Tintsein, " I am sorry for yomr sake that we did not stay longer in port this time; you might then have had an opportunity of seeing your brother." "1 am sbny, too," replied Will; but we may return some day, and if not —the world is not so large—we shall doubtless meet again befdrelong." . "Life is uncertain," said Fred.; " I never realised the fact so muoh before. A shade passed over his face as he spoke, and he looked away to the west; where the sun was sinking behind an angry cloud bank. " There is another life." responded Will. In a future world, if not in this, we iahall meet all our old Mends and relatives—where, I feel sure, the hopes and aspirations of earth ,, shall be realized beyond.our brightest dreams." Fred felt that his companion spoke from an inward conviotion that nothing could destroy. *'Ah!" he said to himself, "If I only possessed thesame faith how different life would be to me." It was nearly four bells (6 o'clock). The setting sun was lighting up sky and ooean with a glory as of heaven. During the last half-hour heavy masses of clouds, with torn and ragged edges, had rolled up from windward; as the sun disappeared behind them, they were suddenly changed into blazing palaces, with lurid flames leaping from their shattered windows and ramparts. Then as the sun's rim dipped, the awful, but glorious light fell full upon the tossing waves and turned the white 6urges into a sea of blood, mingled with fire. The two lads stood silent for some time, their faces toward the sunset; watching the]brilliant colours grow dim, and gradually change from one -lovely, tender, tint into another; until the last faint flush died out of the west, and left only the ominous bank of slate- Voloured cloud with its ragged edges treaming wildly along the weather horizon. " One can almost feel, as well as see such beautiful changes of light and colour," observed Will, breaking the silence. "It is the grandest sunset I ever remember to have Been!" exclaimed Fred. and yet, a few months ago I would have gazed upon it with scarcely any emotion; how is it that such a sight now fills me with a strange indefinable delight? " Some one has said," replied Will, "That the eye brings with it that which it has the power of seeing." I believe that just in proportion as our spiritual faculties are trained and cultivated are we able to recognise and appreciate the beautiful. " Eye hath not seen nor ear heard . . . But God hath revealed them to us by His Spirit ?" Wordsworth says, " Heaven lies about us in our infancy, simply because in childhood our spiritual sight haB not become dazzled by the glare of the world." "Yes," murmured Fred, almost to himself, " I begin to understand now something of the meaning of the words, ' except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the . Kingdpm of Heaven." " Four bells," shouted the mate. "Four.bells," repeated Fred, whoBe wheel it was. He went aft, his soul filled with a.strange, new emotion. " By the wind," said the man at the wheel. - " By the wind," responded Fred, and clasping the spokes with both hands, he gazed aloft at the lilting royals. The stars came out one by one, until the dark ocean -gleamed and flashed beneath their silvery radiance. There they shone just as they had shone over him in childhood, far . away in hiB inland home in Australia. What strange changes had occurred during the last few months of his life; but the stars had not changed! They had come out from the infinite void above him, as a sign, surely, that there must be something changeless and eternal.. "How old they are," he thought to himself. How loner they must have been shining." Yes, for myriads of years they had looked down upon rolling oceans, and green fields, upon the rise and foil of empires, upon all the chances and changes of human life; countless generations shall come and go, until at last all the living world that sees them now shall roll unconscious duBt-around the sun;" and there shall be silence in all our borders and desolation in all our gates; but they will still be shining. Yet even they must one day grow old like the earth, wax dim, and cease to give their ight. " And what will be the end of it all ? " thought Fred. " Where shall I be then ? Can it be possible that those masses 6f inanimate matter shall exist for countless ages, and a living, thinking spirit, with the breath of God stirring within him, sink into the darkness of nothingness? Impossible}" Header, have you ever stood for rap hours at the wheel on a fine night 0 Then you, too, must have felt something of that strange mystic power whiph the ocean exercises even upon the roughest and rudest sailors, " who go down to the sea in ships and gaze npon the wonders of God in the deep." The starlit night, the deep solemn silence, broken only by the splashing waves against the vessel's side, the ghost-like oloud of canvas towering aloft, with just the faintest patter of reef points against the billowing sails. The loneliness, and mystery of the gleaming sea, all were congenial to the thoughts which filled Fred Seymour's mind, and, doubtless, helped to promote the development of his spiritual bung, just at an important crisis in his life. He gazed at the stars shining around him, on the ocean rolling beneath him. The wonderful..universe could not be a mere dead machine. " Thought," as Will had said to him, " was so clearly manifested everywhere"; there must be an invisible thinker. Where? Close to him. "God is here," he murmured, " and I knew it not,"—and he was afraid and said, " how dreadful is this place, it is none other but the house of ttod and the gate of heaven." Fred Seymour did not reason out, he felt this great truth; no argument, no logic could ever have given him the flash of con viction with whicli it passed right into his soul. ' He remembered Tennyson's -lineB— The sun, the moon, the stars, the hills and th'o picas; Are not these, 0 sonl, the vision of Him who reignsl Speak to Him now, for Hie hears, and spirit with spirit > can meet, meet. • i.-Ufl. 1 br (""SdfSl. e * tUn8 ' ° e * ret Wl|W He did speak, and his spiritual nature, which had hitherto lain dead," or dormant, was quickened.. How? By what means ? Not by any power within, but by a spiritual power out. side himself; By the Spirit of Christ, who is the liord and giver of life. He bad yet much toleara about .his own weakness and sinfulness; but he could never be what he had been; a new hope^ had been created within him, he posicisaed a new rule of life. Light had daunted upon his soul. True, it was as yet but faint, like the dawn afar off upon the ocean, after a night of etorm and darkness; but it had dawned. Btffl, he was the same erring, : and impetuous lad, he would get into many BcrapeB and difficulties, have many doubts and conflicts, and a darker night of despair than any he hacTyet known, would one day overshadow his soul; but he could never cease to feel the influence of the Divine Spirit, that had come upon him in the silent watch of the night. "Wheel, there," shouted the mate, " How's her head?" Fred looked at the compass, and found to his surprise that he was fully a point to windward of his course, and the royals were shaking in the wind. Aspy rushed aft to the binnacle. "Where have, you got to?" he roared, and was-about to make a blow at Fred, when the captain appeared on deck. " How now, Mr. Aspy ?" he exclaimed, angrily, don t you see the squall coming up yonder ? The glass is falling rapidly. Jump forward, with some of the watch, and take in your fore royal and to'gallaut sail; I'll look to the after sails." Dobbin walked up to the wheel, buV the vessel was upon her course again. Suddenly the wind died away, but the dark folds of cloud rose rapidly higher; the sails flapped dismally against the masts and the atmosphere ] became sultry and oppressive. "Ail hands on deck,".shouted the captain. " Shorten sail; .hard up with your helm, Fred : hard up." " Hard up it is, sir," replied Fred. But the vessel had lost her steerage way, and there was a danger of the squall striking them aback. A strange stillness reigned around, but the wail of the storm could be distinctly heard coming across the ocean. The watch tumbled up, and commenced to shorten sail. The great black cloud had now completely enveloped them, and a sheet of white foam came rushing down from windward, preceded, fortunately, by a light air, which enabled the vessel to pay off before the storm burst upon them with all its tuty. The ship heeled over to it, until her lee rail was almost under water; iand then rushed offiike a frightened racehorse, driving the rising seas in seeth- : ing showers across her bows. 'iercer anditrongef blew the blast. The topsails arid foresails were close reefedj the inainsail furled,,and a fore and aft storm staysail set j but even this small canvass caused the ship to plunge madly into the phosphorescent seas, which broke now and again in fiery showers across her decks. ' Mr. Aspy; we must heave the ship to, sir," said Dobbin. " All hands furl the foresail." It was with difficulty that even all hands got the heavy sail—filled as it was with the fierce rush of wind— safely stowed upon the yard. 'Hands aft ; port main traces," shouted- the skipper. " Hard down with your helm." " Hard down it is, sir," replied Fred. The ponderous yards Bwung slowly round, and the ship was brought to the wind; shipping two or three tremendous seas, which came over -her waist "thundering avalanches of ^foam, sweeping hencoops, spars/ arid *-«very moveable thing before them .j? and knocking orit a jarge part' of .the pprt bulwarks... At last the yards were bracell sharp dp, arid the 6hIp >ioye to upon the starboard tack. Everything was made as snug att possible, aha the watch went below. _ Cpntrary to .expectation the night Wssed without thewatoh -agaimbeing oal led. ,> Ffsd *cameipt} deck at 4 o'clock, to find ~ that the gale had almost tlown itself out,, though.a heavy «ea still rolled lurotuid <'them.. The «on • rose redly, but ;as 4ie -mounted the sky/the gale fell to a strong breeze. .e\ \ The depk*-we£$jwash$d and cleui^d, the .loosk^s^airs laehed in - their plaoes, BomiB 'lieW ^ails bent and set, and by eight o'clock the ship was onoe more racing merrily along, close hauled on the starboard tack; but the N.E. monsoons had now fairly set in, and they would have to beat the rest of their way to Olga Bay. So with stun' sail booms rigged in, furled royals and j staysails, they went Btaggering along, j first on one tack then on the other, with slanting masts and straining spars, the heavy sea constantly pounding against the weather bow and streaming aft in lines of hissing, bubbling foam. Begularly every watch, the ship was put about.. Slowly and painfully they beat along the Corean coast, until at last, after they bad been twentyone days out, at about midday they sighted -a long line of grey cliffs, terminating in a bold, bluff headland,, which was wreathed about with white, curling vapours; this was the entrance to Olga Bay. Ajs they approached the harbour, a light squall was passing over the mountain—which rose abruptly from the water on the north side—causing its summit to be encircled by a magnificent rainbow. Shafts of brilliant sun' light broke every now and then through the flying vapours, and revealed patches of dense foliage, whioh aeemed to reaoh to the very top of the mountain. To the south, the rooky cliffs faded into a dim haze, whioh lay thick upon the sea, and riothing could be seen in that direction but a long line of flashing foam. i. -. fJTo be Continued ) 