A TRIP TO CHICAGO. (FROM THE "MORTELL ADVERTILER.") We were afraid last week that the weather would be bad for the show, so following our usual custom, we last Tues day knocked one of our devils on the head with a piece of iron and sent him into a trance, in order that he might tell us something ahead about what sort of weather we would have for the show on Thursday. It appears we hit him too hard, and instead of sending him ahead a couple of days, we knocked him into the latter end of A pril, for when we asked him what sort of weather he was having, he replied : "oh! its fearfully hot, the passengers say its always the same in the Red Sea. Milligan is nearly a dead bird, and Pettit's tin box is partially melted. " Where are you wanderinig off to ?" wve howled in his ear. " Chicago !" he replied in surprise, and after a pause added-"Didn't you know. We started at the beginning of April." "Who did ?" we asked. "Who do you think you are?" we howled. "I don't know exactly," he said, "I feel like two persons. -All I know is I came from Traralgon." "You're not Barden, are youn " we queried, that being the only gentleman we knew of likely to go to the Chicago Exhibition. "No!" he screamed. "Oh, don't mention him. We left him behind, but we saw his ghost in mid-ocean, pointing toward America. Now we thought we had had enough for once in a while, so we hit him on the other side of the head, thinking we'd send him off on another tack, and we did so with a vengeance, for when we asked him where he was, he said: "I'm in Egypt watching that Journal man. He's sitting on his tin box on top of the highest pyramid looking towards Traralgon, while Barden's ghost is hover ing above his head still pointing to America, and Milligan is leading a couple of the lost tribes he picked upin the Suez round and round by a string." We were so enraged at this that we hit him another crack, exclaiming at the same time, "you're wandering again." "Yes," he replied, "or at least we have been. We're at the Chicago Exhibition." " What do you think of it T' we asked, "It's a flaming fraud," he howled. Pettit and Milligan say they'll never take Barden's word for anything again. Pettit says the exhibition isn't a patch on the pro duce sheds on Traralgon Show days, and the President of America, who was there on opening day, isn't a bit better looking than M'Kinnell, the popular secretary." "Oh go to the devil." we exclaimed. " Have you got any message for home ?" " Yes," he said, " our love to all, and tell them we long to be back in dear old Traralgon ; J. S. M. says he'd write a line to the "'Tiser" only his pal won't let him. "That'll do" we said, goodbye, and God bless yon." " To-re-ru-ral," he replied,and we woke him. 