CHAPfER XXII. A NIGHT JOCENEY. Mrs. Doore doubtless was a very superior woman, for it was quite evident that she had learned one hard lesson for the uneducated to acquire—to conceal her feelings. Directly the latch was securely drawn, the distinguished visitor safe in his room, a remarkable change took place in her appearance. The unnatural calm was gone. She sank into a low chair opposite her hnsband, her rigid features working with emotion, and her trembling hands Btretched wildlv out. "Oh, Jim, Jim, what shall I do?" He looked at her a little astonished. As far •s he was concerned, he was beginning to feel very much more at ease—in fact, his momentary alarm was fast diminishing away and being succeeded by a sort of vague elation. After all, the affair was more likely to turn out to his advantage than the reverse. The .events of the evening passed slowly before him while he had been waiting for his wife's reappearance, and on the whole the result was satisfactory. He had neither done nor said anything that would be likely to give offence to the young Earl, although a cold shiver ed through his frame when he leflected C many dangers he had unwittingly avoided. In a hundred different ways he or his wife, or his partner, or one of the little community, might have given offence, and, though he tated his memory to the uttermost, he could not remember a single word which any of them had spoken which bad been bstter left unspoken. They had rescued the young Lord from what was undoubtedly a most datigerouB situation, and they had treated him all the time with the sturdy north-<»untry hospitality which was one cf thc-ir chief characteristics. When his wife had joined him he had been quite prepared for some mutual congratulations, and now she had come out white as a ghost and trembling iu every limb. Tim scratched his head in wonderment. " What be amiss, lass ?" he enquired. She leaned forward and stared at him •wildly, as though she had not heard his wordB. Jim began to feel thoroughly uncomfortable. " There beant nothing wrong, lass, surely?" he Baid. "Lee me be a few minutes, Jim," she moaned. " Oh, what shall I do'! What shall I do?" He lit a pipe as the onlv possible consolation which lay i„ his power. It was the best thing he could have done. Presently ehe rose, and walked softly up and down the room, her husband following her movements with his eyes, but maintaining an unbroken silence. ''Jin," (he said, suddenly, stopping in front ot him, "I've been a good wife to you.-' He looked up at her, and was startltd at the change in her face. Usually a healthy looking woman, the ruddy brown with which sea air and sun had tanned her checks had fled altogether, leaving them ghastly pale, and her dark eyeB were literally blazing with some exsitement. He nodded slowly "A 'hast, lass! I've "Ow'to^yagenthat!" I ben ask me no questions to-night. Reward me by trusting me now. I nrnt go out —and alone." " Go 'oot—alone'.'' TT Y^3d itn; U P to the castle." He held up hie fingers. " Listen to t wind, he said ; "the storm has nae blown itself out yet." " Storm or no storm, I must go," sheoried, passionately. " I must see rnobher." The thing suddenly became dear to bim. His wife evidently feared that in some way her mother had disobeyed, or was disobeying, orders, up at the castle, and wished to warn her of her master's forthcoming visit. ; Had it anything to do with the mysterious light in the south tower," he wondered. " Let oi take a message," he said. " It's no noight for a to go." " I must be my own messenger," she cried. "Oh, Jim, for God's sake, let me go. Let me go." She had sunk on her knees before him, and was clasping his knees. Jim thought no mere of exercising his marital authority. " A shall go. lass. A' shall go," he cried. "Dry thy een ! A' shall go! Coom, and a'll get 'ee the lantern." She roee to her feet with a sigh of relief, nd fetched her hat and cloak. Her husband opened the door and handed hor the lantern. He did not feel quite at ease about this midnight expedition. "Let a coom wi yoa, lass, to t'gate. AH cootn no farther. I doaut like thee goan aloan." " Not a step, Jim," she cried. " I'll not be long." She vanishes into the darkness, and Jim, after keeping the door open for & minute or two. and gazing after her undecidedly, stepped back into the room, shaking his head. " I doan't like it," ha mm tared, taking down his pipe, " but she maun ha'e her way. She be a woman, and she mun ba'e her way." Which showed that Jim, rustic though he was, had some claims towards being considered a village philosopher. 