'TALES OFTHE'WILD 'WEST.' ?IHiAVniaRS. OF SQUATTERS-GULCH. There was no room for « d°'b.fc °f_fc ' , ' cither. The hilarious patrons of the Tnian . „ . ? i.«j tm. -«n hours been waton tula aaioim ii«« »~* « ? fii« jnK his increasing opulonco of alcholism and oombativonoss, with that interest whioli nlirays marked thorn when prospects of a fight became prominent. It may be supposed, thoroforo, Hint tho movements of the stronger, upon tlio night of Trhioh I write, wore viewed with some thing more than common interest). One by one the leading citizens had dropped into fcho Tarantula Snloon during tho ovening, until the tables wore woll surrounded, and the bar was linod with watchful obssrvers. 'Who's the straneer?' inquired Tom Cathoart, in a caveleas way, as ho dealt three cards to Jack Gashwilder. ' ' Dnnno,' briefly responded that authority, throwing his hand down in a disgusted way. ' He's only just arriv', and it's my opinion n» how, if he keeps on, ho'll rench the end of his lariat extremely quick.' 11 IVe half a mind,' mused Mr. Gathcarb, pleasantly, 'to rise up and give him a benefit myself. I don't liko no Missouri mude&ter; to stand the boys up like he's doing.' i ? - ''Nevermind,' affably rejoined' -Gash- wilder, with that air of authority which gave his opinions such great weight ; ' hold on a bid. Fur-lined Georcre will be along soon, and the stranger will have to tnko wnl.er tken. Let him go oh. Gimme two cards.' 'Hello!'' ejaculated Mr. Cathcart, a moment lator; 'the bull has begun.' Everybody in the room lihd -arisen to his feet. The tall Missourian, a man or angular frame' and sinister visage 'had at' last succeeded in drawing somebody into a con troversy. The citizens of Squatters' Gulch' were about to be entertained. '.Humph!' muttered Mr. Cnbhcarb; 'itV a shame for him to pick a row with Glanders. The poor chap can hardly hold his own lioad up, let alono lighting. I've a mighty good notion to sail in my self.' ....... . , V 'Hold on!' cautioned Jack Gushwilder, with his index finger laid, knowingly along hisnoBe; .',,Tliomas Glanders is. all right; he is slow but euro. Look, there '!' The quarrel'at the bar had ''been growing louder. The stranger, inflamed ; with the fiery liquor he had been drinking, had selected one of the least onensivc men in r.ne settlement as the special object , of hip dis pleasure. This person, a Mr. Thomas Glandors, was a quiet, respectably-droned man, with a [stolid face and a dejected manner, who was looked iipoii in a friendly, often ; a pityingly light by his companions. TheVstranger was lioiiping abiise on' Glanders' head— abuse which he could not coinbrehend. 'and' which seemed' to half bewilder him. .But the offensive Mituourmn went on', goaded to increased fury.by-his own words. Still Glanders. stood helplessly guz ing about hiiii, 'making:' no reply, but occasionally passing (Jie back .of his rough brow.n hand across lu's forehead; Finally;, in ' afcranspoit of rnge, tlio' Granger ' drew a revolver. Then Glanders seomed to awaken. 'He spoke for the first time. , 'Putitup,' he said, quietly, 'or I will, kill you.' ,,'.,;., , I : The stranger ..laughed, and the crowd, »ngry and menacing, begun to close in upon him. Glanders motioned them lyiek. ' 1'ufc it up,' he repeated, ' ' or I will slj.oot you in your tracks.' The stranger fired, and a part of Ghuicicrr. hat fell to the floor.' Few of the citizens of the Gulch had known or would have : believe- he could act with such decision. He had hitherto been thought by them to bcaslow and'eHsy-going person, too inoffensive to be trodden «jwn', and too gentle to respond with - violence. But uuon this occasion he belied. life reimta t.ion.1 Quick as lightning— so quickly that only one or two in the room saw the movement — il derringer smwijr from his {ibckcfc, a deep report gouutfftt I luougli the room, and the stranger fell to the tfo/j.r. _ ? There Sva* silence for a moment, 'iilien the woMiidod Mi«bourian, after, writhing u moment where iie Jay, becknnert (Handera towards him. He was jip longer violent. ClW fumes of the drink hi«-$-{-»il.e evaporated trom his brain, and he I'mili.-jBti «'Jmt hud happened, (ilnndors, whose -ftiigci'.ta'i (}k appeared as quickly as it came, vviimi he, saw he vtus tlie .victor, and his life was no longer threatened, stepped forward, and raised the strangci'* head to lii? knee. ' Whiskey,' he wild, shortly, to the bar keeper. , The wounded imin, ?omewliat revived by the stimulant, motioned Glanders to lean closer, and he obeyed. There was nothing bnfc pain in his veil- Eaee now, and great beads of perspiration nfeod out upon his forehead. The stranger whijsjjered u few words brokenly, and then suddenly fcjl back, dead. Glandc«'* lowered the man's heaii to the floor, and then slowly arose to his feet. The hush which had souse fcimo ngo fallen upon the crowd whs not yet disturbed, '?'Boys,' swid Glanders, in a voice ivblfih trembled slightly, ' 1 hated to do It, but its couldn't be hel|-cd. I'm sorry it was go, and I'm willin' to abide by what you say. If it was murder, string me up and be quick about it !' A murmur that rose almost to a. jhoutwn through ? the room. Every man £here endorsed hiecanse. Glanders began to move flowly toward* the door. He paused once, drew hin hat down. over his eyes, buttoned fcis coat, tightly about his throat, mid thrust his hiinds into his pockets with an air that indicated a purpose. 'Poor things !' he muttered, as he strode into tho night. ' They're orphans no* and I made 'em so !' ♦ ' , * . * - . * ? Drawn back some paces from the roadway, close to the trunk of a tall, pine tree, Gojne distance from the sturdy settlement of Squatters' Gulch, was one of those hugo, ungainly vehicles which, in the early days of pioneering, were known as prairie schooners. New- by, dimly seen through tho darkness, were two loan, unhappylook ing horses, browsing in a helpless way upon the scant herbage which the place allbrcied. At the foot of the tree a heap of smouldering embers showed there had been a small lire earlier in the night. This whs the scene mfco which Glanders ijeeceanalt-sin-nouraicernio&rasicQccuiTcuiic; IhaYojust described, Fora long time ha jut,.' thoughtfully and silently, upon the pole of tho waggon. So far, as any sign of his was concerned ,h* might, have been asleep. Ponsibly he waa going over tho events of the evening. Perhaps he was framing a scheme for the future. '* When more than an hour bad thus slippec ky he came out of his reverie; and rose to fail ftst. Thomas Glandors was a metiiodfcvj Kan. Far ye»r« he had plodded along in a quiet, rnmvorn manner, accomplishing nothing Mi»t ..--/ of his companions could discover, but novar complaining of illfor tune or pain. Men supposed he must have ?tuney. . Ha lived well, but uiiphtrusivejy, and he u#rer hud difficulty in meeting his obliga tion*. To th» ?iifTering he was always kind. loAwd, the local clergyman, who found few im* so?' grapes in Uvis vineyurdj was wont ko »»y th»t Thomas GUndflre could b* relied upon, wh«u charity wu needed, to give m 3ib»rally m ? gambler. ? JBufc there -as no ostentation about him. He livod by metbod. He arose and went to )i*d At certain hours, Iio aie a.t prescribed tuna*, »nd ht drank his four glasses of wtrtidury «r«rr day a* regularly as he brwu^k«d. Uw -°aa a purely matt«r-of-fact lif». Vh'haUrsr b»d luck came to him— and tt nt ktl«s«tk9r »u» *1 proportion t« bit good foftuno— he accepted ft'wionout a woVd of complaint. . \- W lion Glanders arose from his position upon the polo of. the waggon, his first oponi tion was to pile a fow sticks of wood upon l.lio coals. In. a little while there was a blaze, which, after sputtering a moment, gave out considerable light. This illumination, or the sound of Glanders' footstep abouu tho place, apparently aroused some degree of life inside the waggon, for there was a slight movoment, and then a childish voioe, rattier petulant in its tone, said : .'',..'' ' ' Tho old man, I s'poso.' ' ', '?'?'. 'Shet up!' responded another .vice, obviously thut of a lad, ' or you'll get another larrupin'. Ef he's full, he's sassy,' (Slanders leanod against the tree, and_ all became quiet again. For the second time since ho had arrived upon this scene, ho fell to thinking, and, as before, his reflections were so absorbing that ho lost all consciousr noss of what was passing arouna mm. tie did not even notice that tho canvas flap of the waggon was raised, and that two very big, blue eyes wore, peering cautiously tlirough the aperture thus formed. It was entirely without his knowledge that the owner of those curious eyes stole out of the waggon and crept slyly towards him. Not until she spoke was ho awaro of her presonco. , f ' Where's the old man ?' were the first words Glanders heard. . . r ' ' . They startled him slightly, and he looked earnestly into tho ' young face that was upturned to his: ?erhaps it was the flicker ing of the firelight that caused tho quick shade that fell across his fa'co. But it looked like an expression of pain. The ? girl, annoyed at his silence, went on, : impetuously.: 'Don't your hear? What is the matter of you? Whore's tho old man 1' ? 'Down the gulch,' replied Glanders, slowly, and with some difficulty. ' . ' Oh,' said the girl, with an odd mixture of sarcasm and curiosity.. 'He sent you up tpg'uyhewns drunk, I s'poso?- Said ho wouldn't bo homo till he got good and rendy — didn't ho V Told you to tell us to look sharp,' or ho'd lick bath of us when he got home, I reckon— hoy '/' 'Does he beiityou, then V' asked Glanders, with a 'weak iiUompt at evasion. 'Docs' 'ho?' Now you just bet he does. Andl've got my opinion of n big loafor, thnt licks a little gal like me, what can't help herself. Some day he'll wake up the wrong outfit, and then he'll get put under the daisies with his boots on — you. hear mo ?' ; Glanders did hear her, and he shuddered. But lie was strongly attracted by tho big eyed, rough-spoken little girl, who stood there looking him in the faco and bjecting i her words with an enorgy that would have been ludicrous under other circumstances. ; She was a slender child, perhaps 12 years old. Her hnir was curly and light, and it fell in a tangled mass ovor hor forehead and neck. She was poorly clad, and her, brown fc«t had long been strangorc to tho cramping iiilluence of shoes. There was a touch of great pity in Glanders' eyes as he looked at this child standing there in the firelight and regarding htm flvedly, . 'Come-;liere,' Iib said, after -'awhile | ' come here hiic! Ulk with me. I, want to ask you some questions.' 'I'll do it,'-' she declared, in a voice from which the sharpness had all gone. 'I don't know who you are, but I like you, though 1 can't tell why. It ain't 'cause you're hand some— that's dead sure.' , Glanders paid no attention to this uncom plimentary allusion to his personal appoar unce. With him it was no time for idle words or thoughts. , ' Toll mo,' l)e said, when the girl had .settled horsolf on the ground it) front qf l)im, :'do you love the old man ? — are you fond of him.'' ' Well,'' responded the girl, after a pause, ' I can't say as I'd like to eat him. He's too handy with the back of his fist to make me so awful dead in love with him.' ! liiuntfcre sighed, as though he felt relieved from some anxiety, 'But, then,' the girl went on, with childish frankness, 'you can't quite hate a man when he's the only purtector you've got, Ugly as he was, he putall the bread into my mouth as ever went there, and I've got to remoinber that. Sometimes there wasn't much of it, and sometimes it was mighty 'qupor bread, B,ufc as a gon'ral thing ho did I he best he know'eij how, am}—— Say, what are you thinking about so hard f Glanders was just at that moment think ing he was about the darkest criminal in the world. To save himself from possible destruction he had killed a fellow-being — kii itcj, I regret to say, which was not sufllcioiriil}'- tisfr.cpueiit in those days, and in that r'?.ecii*on, t(o call for any .«peci(d regrets upon its ojtifi) account. But Glanders reflected that ''in depriving the Missouri bully of his life, he 1j.t4 fljso taken n way the only prop upon which tiiit -JjjBlplesa child leaned for support, It was a reflection ivhich filled him at first with dismay and self-reproucl), and then with a certain definiteness of purpose.' ' Sis,' said he, aftor a moment, passing his hand OV.er hor straying curls with a kind of rough tenderness Hi^t was nob without 'its element of mugnotism j ti gjg, of tljar was a man— mind ye, I don't say thar is a man— butef thar was one as come to you and says, saya this man, cf so be as you two children wants a homo, bein' without one, ye can fiomc and live along of me, and though it ain't a refined and ollygant abodo— ef any man was to say thjs to ye, and your dad didn't par-ticularly mind, wfciat would you answer ?' Tl)fi girl looked full in his face. ' Answisr? Why, I'd collar the offer like chain-lightning— only,' ' she Ijesftpted an instant—' only the old man. nevor'd 8t»n4 by and let mo have such a good thing an that — never.' 'He'll never bother ye any more, my chiW,' said Glanders. ' Do ye feel very bad about it?' ' Bad ?' slie echoed. 'Yes. Tho old man has been took, ap if; were. He was killed, my child, and' the man wh»t offers to take ye into into his home Is the one as did it,' The young girl started back, and regarded Glanders with a strange expression. It was not a look of repulsion, or anger, or fright, but rather a look ol astonishment. Presently, after peoring into his eyes for some little time, s))p said : ' Then 1 don t bejieye [t \yas your fault. You ain't the kind of a man to do that sprf of thing 'thout a cause. And as for me, it's a-stonishin' he hasn't ketched it afore.' Glanders took -a deep breath, which sounded like a sigh of relief. 'Then,' said he, ' we must be movin'.'1 ' in H;c morning the camp of Squatters' Gulch was surprised tp see a huge emigrant waggon drawn up to the 'door of danders' cabin; and, later in the day, it was still further ustoniahod to observe two children, a boy and a girl, playing about the place. Who they were, and where they came from, was a dcop and absorbing mystery. That their advent whs connocted with the death of the granger was notii theory which occurred, to many of the citizens. 'One of the leading explanations put forward by those who converged upon the subject was the proposition that Glanders' supposititious wife in the States— an appendage which wa* attached in a greater or less degreo to the main bulk of Jih.e population of. that salubrious locality— had forwarded hpr children to bo carea for by their legitimate protector. But whatever Squattcrfi'' Gulch; may have thought or expressed ' upon the' subject, Squatters' Guloh did' not carry its curiosity offensively near to Glanders, or his ^abin on the lull. '-: ' ?? ?'. Meanwhile, in the cabin itself, there wore ' some odd developments. The new residents ' had quietly domesW.oatod themselves wit-b that ivnluenb confidence whiph is the distinguishing trait of that migratory child hood of $1.0 Wcsb, wliich boing cast this way and that £y th,c pjittnges which constanUy Qccurin new cpi^r^es, readily accustoms itsqlf to £,ce8h surroundings, Ojje night, fitting bejfoie the file,' -vi,th his shor,t clay pipe in his liwufcb, wd the children 'on %e floorat hie foot), dteamily rcgai'^ng^lje conln, Glanders broUo the 8tlonc«- ' ' , ' ' . , ; * 'v f '1 ?''?'''Sis,'.'.»aiM lii, ' I 'ilutt'b want to pvy into no family secrets of yourn, cos it ain t none of- my :--uui-ino»s. '? pisrtiqUlorly, but, at the sumo tinie,, it ain't, roasoiiablo for me to go on always li-callin1 of yo1 His,1 and the young ohnp 'Bub.'' ' That's so, I rockoii,' promptly replied tho young girl. . ' My iiiuno's Lucy Bryton. Arid his'n, pointing to the boy, ' his'n is Robert.' !'His t'othev -lininb ain't liko mino, though, 'cause lib's only a 'doptod brother. His name is Rathbnri— Roberb Rnthbun. Hello ! What's, up, Mr. Tom ?' 'Nothin1,' replied Gin ndors, whoso face had suddenly beoomo rigid. ' On'y I dropped my pipe, that's all. Go to bed, youngators. I want to /'think. Hold, up a bit. What becttino of yer mother, Bub V' 'Dead. I3rowneu''!in the ' Missouri overflow. I haven't seen her since I was a baby.' ' , .;.... When the)' wero gone, and for hours after wards, Glanders sat looking gloomily into the fire.; ; : , ? ? ,- ,':. , , .-,?. ; ..,?.??;? 'Poor gal I' ho muttered, aftor. a long time. '.,..' Ef mHttors had come out a leotle diffpront, that would liov bin my boy. Mine. Well, what's to hlndor no\y V ' ;': Having' by some acute mental process'con viiic'ed. himself that nothing was to hinder, Glanders went thoughtfully to bod. . : Tho soft autumn days, gilded by the clear and gonial Colorado', sun, melted ' slowly tt\vay into tho'crisp aiijrvostal winter. Then came the budding spring; the ltwy summ'ev, and ' tho blushing autumn ' again. So the weeks glided into months, and tho months closed into years, until Squatters' Gulch, ashamod of its rough and uncouth naino of othordayg, adopted, tho niqro.cxalted title of. Clarion City. , , ,..-?''.: .,? ' In a tasteful cottage, far, towards the outer erlffe' of , the sottleinont, lived Mr. Thomas Glundcrs aiul the inombors of his faintly, who liiivo heretofore boon' ' described in this vorncious narrative. It; was a pretty place; and it was marked hero and there by the unmistakable traces of a' - woman's presence. Neat Avhilc curtains hung in the windows, a hammock swungoii tho verandah, and a trailing vino grew up over tho posts b)- the door, One night, ns the sun was climbing down across the western .sky, the verandah was occupied by two young poople. A strong, hearty young man 'was swinging in the hammock, while sitting besido him, idly moving the network backward and forward, was a lithe and graceful girl. She was blushing deeply, but not hanging, hor head. There was, indeed, in hor- large blue eyes a look of open frankness which J. do not think is often found about tlio faces of young women when they are discussing the sub ject which was at that moment occupying her attention. 'There is something whioli Reems almost like sacrilege about it, Tlobort,' she said, with a touch remonstrance, in her voice. ' I had grown to think you my brother in reality.' 'But you love ino, Lucy ! You have told mo so.' ' What,' sho asked, presently, ' would he think T , It was anuAi'out that the young man did not require a more dolinito descriptive term to' understand who was referred to. 'He would scarcely object, - Lucy. You know he loves both of us very dearly, and his greatest happiness would be in making us happy.' ' True,' replied Miss Lucy, thoughtfully. 'But if— if he should rather we did not seek this kind of happiness, Robert — you know we owe him a very great deal ! Our home, our rescue from an existence that would have left tits 'bqt^h in,qrj| to, ho pitied than if we wero dead) our education— all wore given us by him. We can scarcely do anything that may bring him pain, Robert.' The young man . in the hammock was silent for a moment. 'Toll me,' he said, in a little while, 'why you suppose there is any reason that ho will Pbieqfi f Miss Lucy's face assumed a deeper scarlet. 'I— I— well, nothing. Itis probably my imagination.' ' Will you ask him ?' Another pause. Then, in a low voice : 'Yes; I will ask him to-night. If he consents, Robert, I will do all thnt you have asked.' 'f- That's iv dear, sweet L,upy ji' c^cjiiimed Robert, springing to his foot, and kissing her lips. ' We shall be very happy.' As he strolled down the hill, Miss Lucy's byes followed his retreating figure, sadly. When lie was gone, sho drow a long and slightly tremulous, breath, and laid her head against tho post, Sho still sat thus, with heVeyes bei)t upfm the grquntj, when a heavy footfall aroused hor iritBntibn, Mr. Thomas Glanders, returning from his office at the mouth of the Giant mine. Not quite the Thomas Glandors we have known heretofore. His eyes were serener now than they were of old, and his tread had not that element' of hesitation whiah formerly marked it. Thomas Glanders,' 'iniije-owner and operator, with a pretty home, and the benefits of solicitous female society, \yas rather jnclined fa be an qrnament to his se*. , ' Good evenin', iiuoy,'lie said, kindly, as he drew a chair up to her sldo, and seated himself so that the folds of her dross brushed against his knees. ' I met Robert as 1 came up the hill. A fine boy, that, Lucy. I'm as proud of him as if I had been his father.' A moment of silence, during which Miss Lucy breathed a trifle quickly. Ono hand lay unemployed in l}er lap,. Glanders uioked its up, 'and held it }ij h'U (rtyn- JV.' lpoked so small, so white,' sq lovely, in l-is great, palm, thafr lie spnedjly covered it up by drawing his brown fingers about it, 'It's a whiter hand,' he began, slowly and ' reflectively, 'though it ain't much bigger than it was when I first took it. into mine, that night under the big tree. All, my girl, 1 didn't 6ee then ; and I didn't get to imagine that you would bp so dear to mesome'aay. , I qid1)^ VRW tlliMfl % . course of time you would get to be— what you are to me. If I had ? !- Anothor pause. This time Luoy was slightly trembling. ' - 'If I had,' he continued, 'I should almost have beon afraid to see you. ' ? 'Afraid?' Tho word came reluctantly and almost in a whisper, . ? 'Afraid J might sqme time ]ase yon afraid that eomo other love but the regard you had for clumsy, poor-spoken old Tom Glanders might some day bo stole away by a deeper, a greater regard for another man.' Mr, Glanders arose an d walked to the other end of the verandah. Then ho camo slowly back, and placed his hoavy liana, light enough now. upon the sunny head, ?-'L.ufiy,'Mie b,egan— ' ohild, yqu are rapye to me than I can tell you— move than 1 know, There is but one happiness for mo— but ono reat after my life's struggles. And it has been a struggle, Luoy, that ain't always boon easy lor to get the best ot. But, Lucy, I don't want to find fault, nor to com plain, if it haB brought me you. Eh S Why, child,1 you are' cry in*. Dearie,' if I've said anything that's grieved ye, don't minu ? me. Lucy, I'll never speak of it again, as long as I live. 1 take it all back, Lucy, I do 1' iMivGlandei-6 woSidown by her side, hold ing her hands; and trying to soothe her, In a moment she was quite calm. I'Yqu have hoon. fond to, too,' she said, after a while. ?' I was only a stranger's child— a stranger who would have taken vour life. You took mo in, and cared for me, and worked and toiled for ! ine, so tlmb I might have comforts and bo happy. You took me, a ragged, rough, ill-bred child, and you gave me the chance to become a lady. : You . have earned my— my love,; '? Don't speak that way, Lucy. I 'didn't calculate to buy your heart). I didn't), Luoy, and I wouldn't take 'it like that. !! . ' You didn't buy ft, you— you won »b. Tom, I love you very* very dearly. I* may nob be fche'kind of love you expect, jusbyeb j but, by-and-bye, when wo have grown usei to each other, when -vp Uftve f.°/ggUeD thftt WWerjDw ' - .-.Ji . v -?'*/ ' Father and daughtpr,' ntmost, he broke in, 'Aro you sure, Lucy ? Will you never vogrot this?' ? ,. . '? Novor I' she cried, impulsively. ' But), let it be quick. Do hot wait a day, but have it done at; once ! It— it must be without)1 delay, or — or — — ' .',:?.,-.? ' She did not. finish the sentence, but withi a sharp convulsive kiss, upon his brown, check— iv kisR whiclvsoundod almost like a gasp -ishe was gone. ;. ' :.\ .In the, .gloaming upon his porch that night eat Air. Thomas Glaudors, a very hnppy. man. Behind him'lay all tho gloom, and sorrow, arid :p»ini that could never come, to him now; . In the futuro— what? Ho, could not , answer, though ib soeins very ' bright. ** ♦ * * ? * It was cjuiokly and qiiietly accomplished. Almost bofore the staid citizens of Clarion' City were out in tho stroets,. Mr. Glanders ancf.his bride had walked to bholittlo cliapol down in the ravine', and back again. .Ho had noticed that Lucy was very pale that morning, and that thero wore long, deop linos in her face. Clearly sho had not slept. But Mr. Glanders ' attributed the fnob'to a weakness of the sex, ancl imagined that in a little time it would soon woar away. Robert, did -not como home during the night, having gone a. twenty-mile rido to visit some friends. ' Mr. Glanders hud wished to defer tlio Millet ceremony- until his arrival, bub Luoy had refused with a , fevorish haste, whioli her companion ? set down . to the scoro of diffidence. It was some' hours after tho marriage, that Mr. Glandors, ? failing to stir up any enthusiasm in Lucy's breast regard ing the various topics of conversation, kissed her tetidorly, and strolled .out for a ; yralk among 'the troes.' ? . ? ? . '-'i;-; ' '.'? 'She's better alone for a timej' -he mulitered, apologetically, to himself. ' Whoh I come back in half-an hour she'll be as bright and phcory.HS ovor. ''. . ., ' lor a long f-.iine'after he went away;' Lucy sat looking blankly at tho wall, Then she arose and walked out upon, tho porch, 'and stood looking down tho hill, where' she had, last seen Robert pass away. In a few: moments she became conscious that' someone nii^ngnt nvi, . ' ... ; , . - , - i . It was Robert, white , as a ghost, mid trembling nervously. She looked into, his face, but could not speak. There was a deep, pathetic inquiry in ?? her eyes,: ; which spoke moro plainly than words. ' ... ; ' ^es, I know,' he saidj in a( strange and worried fashion. 'I heard it as I came up the street. I shall not reproach you, Lucy, for, if he asked you to marry him,' it was the only return you could make for all his more than fatherly kindness.' ,. ,,. . There was a footstep not far away, but it was not noted by the two young people. 'I havo come, Lucy,' continued Robert, in the same hurried and unnatural fashion, 'to say, good-bye.' ' Robert !' she gasped, 'do not— do nob g» away.' ' 1 must,' he said, in a strange tone, regaining a part of his own force as he saw a touch of weakness in the woman he loved. ' There is no other course. Ik would break my heart to stay hero and see you the wife of another. Ib would wear out my grati tude, my manhood. Day by day, all that W good about mo would fade, and fadeaway,, until I died of shame and montol agony, or became a reproach to all the world. It must, be, Lucy. We love each obher too dearly tof have it otherwise.' She was silent. ' Good-bye, Lucy,' he said, more quietly,, taking her hand. , :, - ' Good-bye,' she whispered, in a choking voice, ,,??'«'?. For a moment he held her hand in' his.', At tho same instant a shadow that had been thrown by the sun'across the ground lalmost at their feet, began slowly and stealthily to, steal away. 'Try,' said Robert, struggling hard to regain his' composure, 'try to forget pe.' You can only find happiness in, th&tahu;'vibn.1. Or, if you tiling qf m.e sometimes,. remember me only as tho brother who gcew up with you and loved you with— with only a— brother's love. Good-bye. God ; bless, you,1 little sister,!'.- ? ' ?- , ? ,.? .'„,,, .-'., -i .. He turned on his heel,- aud. took a,, step forward. The sharp report of,, a pistol from the rear of the house arrested his atten tion. ? ? ' ?? '..'....;.?.'' '.i. :; ' ?;. ? '; ' What was that?' asked, Lucy, turning, if possible, a . s.h,ad.e whitev, . In n riioinent they were both under the great pine tree which s'tobd a few paces up tho side of the hill. What they saw at that moment will never be forgotten by either of them. . Strotched upon the soft carpet of pine needles, with a look of ineffable gentleness in his fust glazing eyes, a smile, on hjs A\\\'-i\ and her povtra^t t\n hiq ho,a,r.t, lay, tlje rigid figure of tho husband of tho'strangor's qhild. Abridged from Magazine of Short Stories, 