THE GOLDEN .OAVES. Br OHARLES B. LEWIS.-(! M. QuA. ')I \- IAPTEI XVIII. The next three days were full of strange events. The, party which set out from the L waggon train to hunt for the canyon were certain that ,the one near which the rene gades-had encamped was the place they were looking for. Taylor. and one of the renegades pros peoted down the valley and found a.canyon which Taylor was sure contained the cave and its treasure. Both parties were working in the dark, but the waggonmen had :the advantage. They kniewir the. renegaides 'for what they were, anid also, discovered that Taylor had joined them. Some of the men were for attasking : them and wiping out the whole five to revenge the murder of the emigrant and his wife, but this the captain would' not approve. He would lose a man or two at least, even if he won a great victory, and'be did not forget that the Indians might make' their.presenoe known atany moment.. At the second visit paid the cainyon above. the renegades, the .waggonmen-penetrated' far enough to be certainm that this was, the one described by Saunders. They would I hsve investigated still' closer -but for the aIpproach of a storm, which made them anxious to reach the shelter of camp. : Strangely enough, the other party was just as firmly convinced tlhat the other canyon was the right one, and on the forenoon of the third day it was decided'that they should move. . Bob had told a big story to get the other party off up the valley, and as they had not moved the renegades' did not know what tormako of it. He could'not see, why they should question his veracity, but Taylor made the situation plain whenahesaid: " Harkins has, no doubt, told them of the cave, and they are. making a still hunt for it. Depend upon it, he has given the secret away, and they'll divide up the stuff if they find it." It was decided to hitch up and move down the valley at 'once. It .wduld not do for Taylor to be seen, and he was to hide away in the waggCn. Bob cooked up what ihe thought a very plausible yarn, and about noon Joe, who happened to be looking up the valley, saw the waggon a mile away. The rescued girl was at once hidden from sight, and the mien in the camp quietly made ready to meet an attack. The waggon came on, three of the' rene gades riding their horses and the fourth I driving, while the horses of the latter and the one belonging to Taylor followed the waggon. The vehicle could have passed the camp by fifty yards, but it drove up and halted within ten, and Bob called out: "Hello ! to all of ye again. I reckoned ye'd be up at the diggings by this time, but 1 ye don't seem to keer for gold. I come out to guide these boys, whohev made their pile and are now headed for BrulbO Didn't see anything of the lost gal.yet !" The captain being absent with aparty,.Joe took it upon himself to answer. " We shall probably move this afternoon. The waggons had to be ovirhauled and fixed. So you've got sold in the waggon?" "Gold 'nuff to buy half of Dakota, my friend. Sorry we can't let ye see it, but it's kivered up fur the journey. Meet any luck yet?" "Onlyso so. Where did you got.that bay horse ?" "I was jiet goin to ask ye if ye had ever seen him afore. We met a chap named' Taylor a coup'e of days ago, who was'headed for the mines. He allowed he didn't need his hose any longer,'and I bought the beast for fifty dollars " . "Yes, that 'is Taylor's horse, and I was wondering how you came by him. Was Taylor all right?"' "Seemed to be as port as a cat. So ye are I going away to-day ?" " That's what we expect." "Waal, I'm going on with the boys fur about twenty mile, and I may see you: as I cum back. Good luck and good-bye." I The little party moved off down the valley, every renegade chuckling with satisn faction, and they were soon out of sight. Half an hour later the captain and his c party returned, and dinner was quickly despatched and the teams harnessed for a move. By three o'clock a new camp had i been formed in the mouth of the canyon. The waggons were run in out of esight, a wall of rook was piled up as a screen and defence,. and in a little cave were found water and' grass for the horses for the time being. t It was well that they had moved with promptness and made things secure.- Before sunset the rain descended in such torrents that the main valley was almost a river.. A good-sized stream swept down the bed of the canyon and out into the valley, and within an hour the footprints of the horses and the tracks of the waggons had' been t obliterated. The stormlasted half the night, t causing great discomfort in the camp, but I the next day was not three hours old'when everybody was made to realise that the storm t was his salvation. Some of the men were still eating their breakfast when Joe, who had been down to the mouth of tne canyon for a look around, returned and said : "Injuns till you can't rest!" "'Where? where?" called half a dozen men. I "In the valley. A band of at least fifty I has just gone tearing by." The fire was burning clear and making no smoke, although it had been built against the wall of the canyonu, in a place where the smoke would go filtering up among the trees. Every man was ordered down to the wall, and they reached it in time to see the lastof the Indian band disappear up the valley. " What's youropinmon? " asked the cap tain of Joe as they stood together. "They are hunting for us. They've got word that we are in this valley, and they I are trying to locate us. They probably I expected to find us at the other camp." " Well, I hope they'll keep right on as they are noiog. " But they won't, captain. They know that we left that camp about noon yester day.. They picked up a dozen proofs of it. They' believe we went straight up the valley. ,;They'll figure.: that we couldn't have gone over ten or twelve miles when th-hi storm broke. Five miles above this they, will be looking for our trail.' If they don't find it they will ride on fiAve miles farther. Then they will discover that we did not go that way at all." "And then what ? " "They Will come back looking into all the hiding places, and then we shall have a fight with odds of five to one." "I'm afraid so,"' said the captain, "and this time we cannot look for a rosese by the soldiers. The party which passed down yes terday ha' no doubt, been butchered." "1 thiutn the reds struck into the valley by a pass farther up," answered Joe. "There would have been figlhting,. and we should have heard the reports of rifles. 'We must get ready. The mouth of the oanyon was about one hundred feet wide. Seventy-five feet up it narrowed to fifty foot and made ubend. The waggons were in this bend and a wall had already beeoon thrown across a portion of the fifty feet. Every man now went to work to extend this wall to a distance of thirty-five feet and to make it look like alandelids from the bank. Dirt was thrown, in among the rooks, and bushes pulled up. and set among them, and two or three of the ,men brought armfuls of vines and creapors and trailed them over the wall. It would not do to closo up the. entire width of the oanyon, as.the Indiane probably knew of its exiteonce. The wall made a strong barricade, and as the men surveyed it from the other sida they pronounced the deception perfect. The test was at hand. Thoey were yet at work when the advance of the Indian party.was seen seturnino down the valley. They know that if the waggon had come up the valley they had dodged in somewhere. "Every man to cover and lie low until 1 give the woid," ordered the captain, and inn moment the gloomy mouth of thecanyon was as qulat as a graveyard. CHAPTER XIX. The Indians woroin truth looking for the . waggons. Both parties had a narrow es I clap.s. Thely preeenee in the valley had been detected by soont or stroller and information carried to some point from which a war c party of seventy had been despateZhed to sur s prise and annihilate them. This party had come in by one of the narrow valleys and found the camp abandoned. The severe storm had obliterated all traces, and the SIndians had gone up the valley to pick up the trail.. As they returned they were riding at a slower pace, and were spread out the width of the valley. Woould they look into the month of the. oanryonP ? Tl'he query was answered five minute.s alter. -Three warriors turned their ponies to the right and rode in to within ten fteet of. the stone wall. They rode its entire length and halted in the gap and looked up the canyon. The men were lying flat down on the earth, each- clutching his rifle, and horsmes and waggons were justaround the bhno.' . u .dis epesapvthbo'Indians that the wall was artiflsial P??Ti ustnot their sharp eyes detect theo figreel hugging the earth? It did not seern that the gold- hunters had one 'show in a thousand to escape detection, and yet they were not detected. After a halt of not more thani a minute, though it seemed a quarter.of 'an hour to each man, the trio of red'skins passed on and the moment of peril waspassed. A-bit of natural philosophy stood between the gold- huntereanddisebovery. The Indians .had turned into the gloom and shadow from the bright sunshine, and their vision was shortsighted and-. uncertain. Had they waited'a little longer they must have seen something or other to arouse their suspi cions, but they-seemed impatient to get on. t " Thank God!"' whispered more. than one man as the horses were heard moving away. In half an hour the gold hunters dared exult and plan. Two men were left at the wall as look-outs, three or four others were held as a-reserve at the camp; and the cap tain, Harkins and Joe set out up the canyon to search for the cave of gold. When the darkness became so intense as to interfere with their progress they lighted torches, and a thorough inspection was made of both walls. The canyon extended into the mouatain for a full mile, winding and turning, and lonu enough before it ended the pine trees met ahove it ai.d prevented a single ray of light from descending. Nothing answering the description of the dying hunter could he found. Hehad-said;.as Harkins undmerstood, "five miles to the right of the peak." Here was the spot. He hard described the mouth of the canyon, and everything here bore out a the description. He said that Brir.ger went up the canyon abouit a mile and then turned into a smnaller one running to the left. There-.wssno such canyon. TLo left bank was solid rock and earth front the waggons to the spgt where the great rift stopped short at a flinty wall' a thousand feet high. The mighty wrath had split the mountains thus far. but it could go no farther. h Three times. the men travelled from the camp to the end of the canyon, and then all were certain that Harkins had been mistaken. They eat downon a boulder in the bed of the canyon to rest and discuss the matter, while the single torch, seuired in a cleft, hardly allowed them to see each other's faces. "Well, we have no right to complain, as we have lust nothing," said the captain. b " Indeed, if weo-had not slipped in here not a man of us would- now be wearing his scalp." b " \Vasn't theoold man flighty in his last hour?" asked J.To of Harkins, who. seemed R much cat down.. ' " " He gave no evidence of it; on tie con trary, his mind seeored wonderfully clear to the last." " Perhaps he said to the left instead of the 0 right of Custer's peak," suggested the captnin.. tl "' No, I am-sure he said to the right, but he may have meant the left." "It's no use crying over spilt milk," laughed the captain.. "If we have lost the cave we have saved our scalps. I'm inclined to think the old man misspoke himself. I believe those renegades gave this- place a thorough look- n ing over, and are now-in the canyon there. If thecave is there they have got the gold ° ere this, and thatends it." Harkins sat with bowed head. He had felt so sure that old Saunders told the truth that he hatedto give up the search. There was. deep silence for a- moment, broken by a whisper from Jbe:: "Creat heavens, but whatis that !" They. were near the wall which formed the end of - the canyon. All raised their heads and looked into the dark ness and saw a faint light shining out like a star. At the same moment their ears caught n the sound of many voices chanting in low i tones, and a-strange, weird music filled the , heavy air. S' Hush-sit still I" whispered the cap. taint as Harkinse seoed about to spring up. at Then from the face of the solid rook issued forth a strange procession of strange shadows -shadows which moved in double file right 0 past the trio down into the blackness of the a canyon torward'th'e waggons. The one who led the procession carried what looked like a banner. Behind: him was one who seemed to carry an urn. Then came four shadows which bore a bier, and those who came ' after had their faces upturned and were wailing b and- chanting. The men saw and heard and realised, but i were chilled and'p.werless to move. Can the dlead come back to e.rth ? Do the ghosts of those who have gone before gather " in theshadows and the darkness and hold re- 0 unions? s Chant l Chant! Chant! .Oat from the solid wall -a wall in which the sharp eyes of the gold hunters had failed to detect a crevice largo enough to conceal a squirrel-poured the strange, queer spectres, and down into-the darknessmnarhed the pro a eess'oi. eMarch i March t March ! Their feet kept time to the wild, weird chant, but not the 'sound of a footfall came to a the oars of the living. Each ghostly figure n stoohl out'soparate and distinct, butnot a face i?idiild be-sen-- --- - - ' "We are doomed men!" groaned Earkins, a nsho covered his face with his hands to shut q out the sight. "Ayeo ! We shall never leave this spot alive !" added Joe. "HTush, men!" whis?pered the captain as he raised his 'hand. "They are dead, true enough, but they are the dead of a thousand years ago--of the cave dwellers and the Aztoce. I have seen them twice before, and h they brought no bad luck. Hero they come on the other side !" The thlree were seated on a rook in the contre-of the rift. The head of the spectral procession had gone down the canyon several hundnedfeet and then turned to como back on their loft, passing them again within a few feet.. £arech! Maroh ! March ! Chant! Chant! Chant! " Soft and low and sweet came the notes like the murmur of the August breeze in a forest pine. The feelina of awe was crowded ouat of the hearts of tho living, and a feeling, of sadness and roverence crept in. It was th'b delbad burying its dead! M?Iarch ! March! March! Never the echo of a footfall, never the touch of skeleton I foot to the flinty rock. The ear caught no, sound but that of the ghostly.voices chanting - in unison. " And of a sudden he who headed the spoutral proceasion 'swerved to the loft and disappeared into the solid wall and weas followed by the long lines until the last had beoen swallowed up aud lost sight of. And then, as silence and darkness reigned again, the captain saidd: " Men, we have a treasure hero. Examine that wall and you will find an opening to ar cave behind it," CHAZ-JiER XX, " ?aro we awake or asleep P' asked Joe as he rubbed his syes. " Very widn, awake," answored the cap tain. "And vaI lt.a procession, and did wr hoear mus~,l?' asked Harkinas. S""Yh. I saw and heard the same t.g once is the Rooky mountains, and once, again c In w old rjat in qrlspna on. Bir'a e et several men who have also seen'and heard." " There is no opening in the cliff," said Joe, as he held the torah aloft ; " not a ore vice where they came ont--iot a hole where they went in. We have been fooled by the darkness." - r "You and Harkina return to the waggon for crowbars, and while ygouta? gpoeI will collect wood and build a fie'.to work by,'" answered the captain Hie seeming confidence inspired them, and without waiting for a oloser inspection of the cliff they headed down the canyon for the tools. tpon reaching the waggons all was quiet, and the queries of the men regarding' the use the crowbars were to be put to were made lightof, as it was deemed best not to raise hopes which might be disappointed. The captain- had a bright firb .blazing against the cliff as the men returned, and in response to their looks of inquiry he put his hands on the rocks and said: " See this line running here, and up this way, and to the right, and down and biack ? A. great stone has- been set in' here' and cemented in its plane.?l- k was dosie sdo long ago that theM? sis as hard as the rookaniid almost the color of it. ' One of you 'begin at that side, whilol take a hand here."' Ten minutes' work proved what he had asserted-that w.large stone had been fitted to aonopening--but the work of drilling out the cement was like drilling into the stone itself. TPhennoon came they had:made a consider able impression, but fully realised that they had undertaken a laboriounaask. The forenoon had passed with those at camp- without alarm. The sentinels thought they heard the reports of rifles down the i valley, but were not certain. Not an Indian had shown himself, and it was- hoped they had been thrown off thescent andwouldleave the valley: From the first the two girls had been drawn to each other, and Lizzie found a deep I sympathiser in Bess. When brought into camp by Harkins the poor girl wanin a truly t forlorn condition, as may be imagined. While she stil lab red with the grief which t choked her every time.she thought of the sad fate of her parents, she had been very pre sentable in appearance, and more than one of the waggonmen.felt his heart hieat faster at sight of her sweat, sad face. As the trio returned to camp from their labors up the canyon, Bess beckoned- her i: father aside and said: " Our friend is worrying, and wants to t talk with you." a "Yes, I want to ask you about my mother," added Lizeier a " I am sure I saw father lying on the ground, and have no doubt the renegades killed him ns the first part of their plan. o Mother an(d I buoth got away, and slfo was not overtaken. t-. Vliat would Lto her fate " t, " It is hard to say," replied Harkins, after ii reflecting on the matter. "If she got s through the night all right she may have a found the trailof the waggons in the morning a and overtaken the uirty. We must hope ii thatsho did. It may also be that your father T was only stunned by. the blow, and is ore 1s this all right again and with his friends." " Do you think there is even the faintest it hope ?" she tearfully asked. p "I do." p "Thank God ,for that! I shall almost t cease worrying under that-hope. And now a what of myself?" " You are to remain with us, of course." g "Buit for how long ?" " We cannot even guess: We may head v bank for civilisationin a week-perhaps not a for three months. It dependson our luck as a: gold hunters. It is more than likely that b some of the party to which you belonged will p be encountered soon, and who knows what ti good news we may receive,. You are thrice d welcome to all it may. ba in our power to do tl for you." i Meanwhile Bees had whisperingly in. quired of Joe what chances-the mother had t of escape. " God help lier-none" he answered. n "She was wild with fear when- she ran from the waggon, and she would grow wilder. Before morning carne she was a maniac, but n I doubt if she lived to see- aiothorday." c "Indians ?" gasped Bess. "No--wolves. Atthat. distance from the h mountains a man loaded down with fire arms could hardly have kept them off all h night. Encourage the girl all you can, but don't hope in your own heart that there is o one chance in a millionn that she will see C her mother again." d As the pair stood together apart, Harkins b observed them with a start- and whispered a to himself : " Vell, weMl, but I do-really believe that h my Bess has taken a liking to that chap i It teow queer!" He might more truthfully have said, i " How natural,' and he might have used ti the word "love" for"liking." And when the tl mrn looked upon the sweet face of the orphan he had so gallantly rescued at the peril of his b life,- and felt his heart beating faster, he s] might have discovered another queer thing that somebody else had "taken a liking." t The captain had given the men to under- s stanld that he was prospecting up the canyon It for gold, but had said nothing of the die- V coveries made. When dinner was finished si and the trio were ready to return he renewed p his caution about keeping a steady lookout ti for danger, and ordered that no one was to leave camp on any pretext till his return. b Then the three set out for the scene of their a labors and began work immediately upon a their arrival. They had no fear of their fire being seen or their- blows overheard, and II men who work to solve a mystory tlo not tire. After three hours of hard work the crow- re bars secured such a grip on the stone that it sa moved. One united effort would heave it out u of the opening. It was then that the captain tl stepped back and sat down and said: "Let us take a breathing spell now, and h let us prepare ourselves to be disappointed." tl " What do you thinklis behind the etone?" ti asked Joe. " A cave of some sort." "And whit shall we find in the cave?" asked Harkins. " The shrivelled bodies of dead Aztecas. That- lost race always buried their dead in eaves, and wihetn the place would hold no more t was walled up. - I have helped to v open three or four." - t -"But why go to all. this trouble to el open 5 cave of bone and dust?" petulantly tl queried Harkins.i a- "As the Indian of to.-iplaces tho.pro. fi pertyof the dead warrior beside him that he a imay ivean outfit inthe happy land byond, tl so the Aztecs placed tho.wvealth of their dead Il beside themin these caves. Ihave seen many d ornaments of gold and silver which -cma si from sucheasea. - : Then.let us to work l" exelaimedJoe, as P ho eeizeda bar. b " We shallfind a cave of dead itnot a cave b of gold,'bdded IHarklins. The barswere inserted on the left- hand side of the atone, each man drew a long breath, andat, the word each threw his. weight on hisloevr.. The stoned tremblod, moved for- a ward, hung a moment, and tha fell to the earthwitha heavy thud, and a opening ap. peredeinto which a horse co?nul almost hava walked. I CHAPTER ..I. Anfhow fared the renoegades? Tlhe girl Lizzie hiar. been out loose from the tree to which. she was blound, wlithin thirty feet of them, so. oare- i fully that Harkins had her a quartor of a mile away before she. was missed. A rush and a search was made, andt no one ques tioned that she had,got off alone. They con. soled themselves with the though, that the wild boasts would, lavo her life bafore morin ing, and when Bob strolled dosu the vallep it was withi the expectation of iSnding soaa 1 evidence of her death. Well it waafor the girl and the waggon men that Taylor had been ltIt in ignosance of her resouo and arrival. -lHad the renos gades known aleo wis in oamp thoey would Ihave shed blood to recapsturo her. Ha-ln.o oi sussp'oion that she had been seen or heard ou, tho had no particular animoeity against the gold hunters. When Taylor, burning for savengo, wanttel to head a raid to steal the horses or attaqk the oeam Bob met him with the reply e " They qose you outt, led I reckon they did righbl hpt wp don't. ,roposo to burn our Sfingersto help yotr it bakc at 'em. VWe Soum yeo fur that gold, and the fust hard t WP.rk ,q g q \\\'io be to look for it. It we i. do 't trouble that gang they won't trouble re o Tt 'or had to be satisfied with that. His ire ata nia among them was not pleasant. His he excuse, and explanations did not go' down. He wa~sl ooked upon as a traitor who' had on received b's just deserts, and he very soon ill realised ti?l. he was being endured.for thW ,"I akeaof whast'le might know about the cave of gold. Th? knowledge embittered him, id and the hounr 'rode by -theocamp hiddenin he the waggon &s; *gritted' his; teeth and ie whispered to hiM'??'l f: as "These outlaws' "ant me to help find the og' cold, .but what h wi. happen then? They re won't stickle to sh"-.m me down:like a dor. to They have no notionm 'f dividing:with me. They own the teanm and will have all to ig say." , n A'nd then ho took an a05'h that ifl he saw is the first sign of treabhety i.' his. new found friends every man of thems asg'lda die by his is hand.. It was no- idle oath. Be had a, ? terribla weapon ir store.for' am' omergenoy. d - The o~tlawparty:reaeheadthei aibll e the peak without icibideit, aed *the waggon-. e was pulled well ont ofsiglit o anyone passing a up and down the valley, and the 'camp was !' pitched with a view to defence. They weret 3 men who knew the perils of the Indian. o country and. were' both brave anti cautious. e On the morning'after their arrival Bob and Taylor set off up the canyon on an' exploring" -expedition, and within an hour they haddis. Scovered the cave. Indeed, Taylor scarcely hesitated in walkine directly to the ledgeuat'4 t pulling himself up: b Thb opening tothe cave was largeonoughi a to admit the body ofan ox. To the left of it k rested a laroe stoner which had been cut to fit thB opening, butý which had never beent placod3in position. Saunders had said 'o the right of Casler's Speak. He had been mistakent Here was the cave to the left. The men hesitated to-enter theoopening,. although- provided with torches t' dispel' something-of the inky darkness. Insspite of their wickedihearts, a feeling of owe and reverence held them spullbound for. a time.. By-and-bye Bob shook It-off sufficicntly to' say : " This is te place; Tharcan't be nodoubt; of it, for it's'the location ve both -,ot from different meo. I'm now a-wondering what's. inside." Taylor thought this a fitting opportnn'"y to decide a matter which had worried him' not a little; anddhe said: "In case the gold is here do we five share, and share alike ?" " Sartinly," was Bob's prompt ieply. " Yougo first and let's see ii we heo cum.. ona wild goose chase." Taylor knocked his torch against- thorookes to make it burnznoro brightly, and holding" it ahead of him passed into- the opening, slowlyfollowel by Bob. Ihey foundothem- selves in a rock-lined room about twelve by sixteen feet in width and loneth, while the inclino was -from, six to eight feet in height. Nature had made the cave, but man had'bn larged and improved it. For a moment the men looked about them in wonder, and" fearful, that a irizxzl or" puma might be there to-receiea them. . Theo place was untenanted, and Tnylor. moved to the richt, thrast his torch into the darkness and hoarsely excldimed': " We've hit it--we'e hit it! Hero is the gold- 1"" Yes, the gold was -there, and silveor as well. It wuas-in 'rudeh-lmps and pigs, each' a heavy weight for a man. And there were crosses and spearheads- and anklets and' bracelets, all' rudely fashioned from. the' precious metals. Bob did not trust himself to say a word until he- had lifted half:a, dozen of the-pigs and cutraway at some.of,. the smaller articles -with'his-k?fg?ite"-'Ta". " Thor's .no" room:. for;- doubt -¶It'se treasure V" "And 'it is share and share alike,. re- member," cautioned TAylor. "Of-of course," stammered'Bob. Avarice, doubt, selfishness, thoughls-of' murder were creeping in before the discoveryv was ten minutes old. "The fool-to expct?.ue.t'd divide with: him!" growled Bob to himself. "Let 'em lookout I may take all "' hissed Taylor as lit heldup a lump of gold. Who had placed that treasure there P Men, of the roe who. peopled the west before Columbus landed ! The eres had bemn re-. duced and metal turned out in crude form, but the wealth, was -there, When nasayed at the Denver mint later.'on its unrity was a. source of wonder.. 'Why should" the treasure- have been left? may. e-nasked. Who can tull when and why tho-Asteos went? The. ruins of their cities are found all. over the. west, but the race disappeared off the face of' the earth before the Pilgrim fathdrs touched these shores. " Bring along a chunk to show to the boys," said Bob, and each selected a. specimen and made haste down the canyon.. Tie discovery was hailed with delight by. the three outlaws left on guard; and plans. were. immediately, made and discussed for loading up the stuff-and. getting out of 'the - valley., In the making pf.theso plans Taylor seemed to be entirely ignored, and when he. put in his boast of.:finding the cave, Bob took occasion to remark: "VWe didn't need yer help in.the least, bedause we had the bearings all O.K., but it was white in you.to offer your services, an" we hain't the men to forget it." "But I'm to have my fifth, of.course i" hotly exclaimed Taylor. The men looked at each other without replying, but presently ho wa, ordered- to. up together to bring down the liret load of treasure. "They think they have caught, a fool !" hissed Taylor as he looked after them, " but they are mistaken.. They are playing.with a. Stiger 1"' I (o.n- CorxucN.D.) 