CHAPTER XIV. I HAVE A FIT OF THE BLUES. Safe in the sanctuary of my own bedroom I flung myself full length on the bed, and burnt into a storm of passionate tears, which shook me to .the very depths of my being. There is honour even amongst thieves, and hitherto, in spite of all the shifts and subterfuges to which my look of funds had foroed zne to have re course, I had cherished a peculiar code of my own, clinging to it in seasons of temptation with the tenacity of a drowning man. I don't mean to Bay that it wasn't elastic and would not have made really piouB people turn up the whites of their eyes with horror; but, what ever its faults, it kept me from the perfor mance of any thoroughly mean or wicked action. I am not talking of foolish ones, calculated to detraot from my reputation. Those, as already stated, partly from circum stances and partly from an excitable, pleasure loving temperament, I committed by the score. But now all at once it seemed as if the Rubicon were passed, and the stop taken which plunged us out of our depth. Per sonally I could never hold my head up again. That odious man bad publicly oalled me a decoy duck. He aocused me of complicity in Uncle's malpractices, and evidently made no distinction between us. Oh 1 if only the earth would open and swallow me up. I lay on the bed, feeling hopelessly crushed, and miserable, whilst all my past indiscretions arose _ in formidable array to heighten the dejection and humiliation whioh weighed so cruelly upon my spirit. I had experienced a good many bad times, but never one to equal this, and for the moment it appeared impossible that 1 should ever regain my normal Bt&te; of equanimity. Wherever I went in fature I should always fancy that people were pointing the finger of scorn at us. They had already begun to do so secretly; henceforth their avoidance and aversion would be shown openly. The worst of it was I was quite helpless in the matter, and could nob defend myself. If I wrote to Mr. Smitley and protested my innooenoe, he would simply laugh at the assertion, and consider it but one flutter the more of the decoy duck's wings. That expression rankled in my memory. A totally innooent young woman might perhaps bav-e treated the accusation lightly, and it would have passed off her without making much impression. Bat with me it was different, and just because I was not above suspicion buoU an insinuation took the greater effect. My vanity, too, was suoh that I possessed a morbid longing for people to think well of me, and my natural instinot being to attract few things afforded me more pun than to find I had failed in my endeavours to please. Even the opinion of a personage like Smitley was not wholly in different to me. But perhaps what wonnded me most was the seoret knowledge that the contemptuous epithet he had chosen to apply was more or less true. Wben I came to examine myself closely I could not bat admit that I was no' better than a decoy daok. However offensive the term might be it did not exaggerate the actual state of the ease. Daring the last four years how had I employed my beauty, my aooomplishments I and natural powers of fascination? Simply for the purpose of captivating men, so that I , might secure a wealthy husband. Was that a very exalted or estimable aim ? Ho wonder my female acquaintances despiBe me, but they did not despise me half as muoh as I despised myself in mv hours of self-communion. If they had only known bow utterly wretched and downcast 1 felt on such oooasions, they need not have envied poor me the good looks which the Almighty has seen fit to endow me with. When suffering from a fit of the bines, all one's faults become alarmingly magnified. The sky grows olouded, the horizon dark, and Life itself appears an appalling and mortifyiDg failure. Blaok thoughts, thoughts of death and suicide, come crowding into the brain. One vacillates betwixt the advantages of chloral and a pistol. In short one is thoroughly miserable, aud prepared to yield op the ghost on the slightest provocation. Luckily Youth is elastic, and rebounds under adverse blows, even although they may prostrate it temporarily. To the keenest emotions a calm suooeeds, which gives rise to a new growth of feeling, devoid the bitterness of the old. I bad not yet arrived at this enviable stage; nevertheless, before I went to Bleep—I actually did go to sleep after a while —I began to derive oomforb from the recolleo tion of Archie's chivalrous behaviour. And as I reflected on the way in which he had de fended me, the sting implanted in my breast by Mr. Sniitley'a opprobrious niokname be came less poignant. After all 1 Good and evil were nicely balanced in this world, and if some men were brutes others were dears. Arohie bad Beoured a lasting place m my good graoes, end I was more than ever desirous of enrolling him amongst my admirers. Yet, oddly enongh, the liking which he inspired remained purely platonic. I think the reason was because he looked so boyish, and I felt so immeasurably his senior, though, as a matter of faob, he was three or four years older than L At that age, however, the male sex are often immature, whereas a woman's powers are fully developed. I know mine were, and had been ever since IleftBrighton to act as Uncle's j housekeeper. When I awoke tbe following morning the ! bob July sun was pouring in at my bedroom window. As I turned lazily round in bed enjoying tbe warmth and the comfort, I gra dually became conscious of _ a vague feeling of oppression. In my semi-sleeping state I puzzled iny brains as to its cause, but very soon I remembered it only too well; and during the whole time I was dressing I kept reoalling the distressing events of the night before. It was useless trying to think of any thing else. They absorbed my faculties to the exclusion of every minor trouble. So long did I linger over my toilet that when at last I descended to the dining-room I found Unole already seated at table engaged in watering the teapot. " Late, as usual, Rose," he observed, in an offhand manner, but carefully avoiding my eye. "I've nearlv finished breakfast." "Have you?" I said, sitting down in my customary seat opposite the master of the house. " I was tired, and went to sleep again after being called." "Ah! you slept, did you? I am glad to bear it. For my part, 1 had an abominable night, and only dozed off towards morning. It is time we left town. This hob weather does nob agree with me, and makes me long for green lanes, shady trees, and all the rest of it." So Baying, Unole sighed heavily, and helped himself to a slice of toast, which he proceeded to butter. By the clear morning light he looked haggard and old. I could not help noting the yellow tints in his com plexion, and surely the orows' feet at the oorners of his eyes were deeper than they used to be. They had never obtruded their pre sence so forcibly as to-day. It beoame borne in upon me that Uncle was no longer a young man, and that in spite of being singularly well preserved, life was telling its tale at last. I remarked, also, that when he raised his cup to his mouth, the hand that held it trembled. Up till now, his health had never occa sioned me the slightest anxiety, but this morning I realized all at once that he was beginning to break up, and could not reason ably be expected to maintain his strength as well in the future as in tbe past. Somehow or other, the knowledge that those we are on familiar terms with are failing is always rather a shock, whether arrived at suddenly or by slow degrees, and whenever I felt tolerably certain our glances would not meeb, I watched Undo narrowly. He was evidently conscious of my gaze, despite its stealth, ana I fear it irritated him, for onoe or twioe he made an uneasy gesture. " Infernal hot weather!" ho broke out, after a while. " I wonder you don't appear upset by it. Rose." "I do. Ioonsider London sunply detestable as soon as it turns really warm. Ho one is more anxious to leave than L" "Very well then, pack up your trunks, and well be off. If I stay here much longer I shall fall ill." " Willingly," I said. "But where can we go ? Besides, I'm afraid we shall experieooe considerable difficulty in leaving unless we first satisfy the claims of our butcher and baker." "That infernal money," growled Unole. "Howoomfortably we two might jog along if we only had a sufficient supply. As it is, it baulks us at every turn." We both tried hard to carry on tbe con versation, but it languished in spite of our best efforts. The truth was we knew that we were talking merely for form's sake, and that whilst our lips gave utterance to a series of oommon plaee little remarks our thoughts were exclu sively occupied by the soene of the previous evening. Whether through my fault or Uncle's intercourse had always been difficult between us. We were not in the habit of con fiding our secret wishes and aspirations to one another. All the same we managed in an ordinary way to converse tolerably freely about indifferent topics, suph as food, weather, polities, domestio difficulties, and so forth. But this morning, labour as we might, every subject that was started came to a premature The foot is we suffered from a Bense of nervousness and constraint, which inwardly kept us on tenterhooks, though we endeavoured outwardly to appear completely at ease. But in either case the attempt proved a failure, and we knew it • to be so, and sought without rudeness to esoape as speedily as possible from the other's society. A night's rest had oooled the fever of onr blood, and although we re membered the words exchanged only a few short hours ago, we were mutually agreed not to refer to them. The recollection of what had happened, however, lingered—and proba bly would oontinue to linger for all time—in our memories. Hence our reserve and embar rassment when together. We finished breakfast in total silence, and as soon as his appetite was appeased Unole rose from the table, saying;— "By the way, Boss, you must amuro your self to-day as best you can. I've got an ap pointment in the City this forenoon and am going to drive down to the Gun Club later on with Colonel Carisbrooke. He and I bare a match on, and I hope to earn an honest penny." "They are sadly wanted," I rejoined. " Shall you be at home to dinner ?" " Ho, I am dining ont with a friend whe gives in Victoria-street. Von will be able to lo to bed early and make np for reoent dissi pations. I shall only oome back to dress." I felt greatly relieved at this intelligence. As things were even solitude was preferable to a tete-a-tete meal, although I don't profess to be very fond of my own oompany as a rule. Much of it invariably gives me the dumps, for when Z am alone I refleot, and when I reflect I never fail to take myself to task for my numerooB shortcomings. As long as there are plenty of people abont, and l am kept amused and excited, then I don't think and am comparatively happy. One has to ba well drugged with pleasure in order to banish thought. Of oourao, good folk tell me that this is all wrong, and I daresay it is, but then no doubt they don't possess that tormenting curse, an evil conscience. My conscience is very evil and consequently, very uneasy, and it leaves me no peaoe. I wish I could do bad things and never feel sorry afterwards. It must be suoh a comfort. I commit them, bub oh ? how I suffer later, Really, sometimes I resolve never to be tempted from the broad path of pradenoe and circumspection again, since for every little bit of fun I do I have to pay so horribly. Uncle was still in ignoranoe of the plans made for the following day, eo I proceeded to inform him of them before he left for the city. " You are not engaged to-morrow, by any chanoe, are you?" I enquired, with an affeota tion of indifference. "Ho," he replied, "not that I am aware of." "That's all right, for I promised Mr. Ormerod we would run down to Grass borough and have a look at this cottage he is so anxious to place at our disposal." Unole stared at me for a moment with sharp, penetrating eyee, then whistled softly. I could feel the oolour mounting to my cheeks. " Is Mr. Ormerod still anxious to have us as tenants ?" he enquired. " If so, I am more than half disposed to aocept the offer. _ Foot is," and he yawned and stretched himself, "I'm eiok of London." "So am I," I responded. "As for Mr. Ormerod, he appears singularly keen about the matter, and this expedition was entirely his own proposal. I should never have dreamt of it otherwise." "Oh! indeed. You are sure of what you eay?" "Yes, perfectly certain. " Remember. Rose, this means a serious move. I don t half relish the idea of going away from town for the whole winter on a wild goose chase." "Neither do I," I rejoined quietly. "I agree with you altogether there. On the other hand—nothing venture nothing have." " You consider that you nave really gob young Ormerod pretty well in tow then ? It would be a tremendous 'coup' for us if he could be induced to propose. But somehow or other we never seem to have any luck in these matters. You are firat rate at, getting your admirers up to a certain point, but there they stop. I notice that they very rarely commit themselves. Flirtation, but nob matrimony, is their motto." It was seldom that I had ocoasion to find fault with Uncle for being coarse and vulgarly plain spoken, but in the present instance his remarks ere ated a considerable amount of irritation. This open reference to my designs on Mr. Ormerod, especially when they were yet in an embryo stage whioh scarcely,admitted of dis cussion, jarred upon my sensibilities and gave rise to a feeling of friction. I took refuge in equivocation—a woman's usual weapon when she wishes to maintain her own counsel, and is slightly provoked into the bargain. " As far as young Archie Ormerod is con cerned," I eaidj with a toss of the head, "I really can't satisfy your curiosity, for the very simple reason that I have not given him a thought. His admiration may mean anything or nothing for all I know." Unole gave an incredulous chuokle, whioh betrayed as clearly as speeoh that I could not hope to deceive him. " A11 right," he said good-bumouredly. ," It iB early days yet to press you for explanations. Let ue devoutly pray that you may be in a position to answer for Mr. Ormerod's senti ments later on. Meanwhile I have not the slightest desire to foroe your confidenoe. Only, if you come to any satisfactory arrangement, I should like to be informed of it in good time, so that I may make my plans accor dingly." "That is but fair," I returned, fiddling with the hem of my pocket- handkerchief, " and I quite eee the force of your argument." " I thought yon would. You are a sensible girl au fond, Rose, though a trifle harum scarum at times. Still, you have brains." "Thanks, presumably they are in the Dar lington family, though the less said about their quality the better. Give me until the day after to-morrow, and then I will tell you honestly if it is worth our while going to Graasborongh or not. Only in the event of my making a mistake, you must nob throw my failure in my face, for it is impossible to tell beforehand exactly how suoh & delicate matter will turn ont." "Agreed!" said Uncle. "If anyoneoan ascertain how the land lies, you're the per son." " Anyhow," I rejoined, " you may trust me to do my best. The gravity of the situation iB suoh that I am rapidly growing desperate." Uncle made no reply to thiB remark, whose truth he probably felt as keenly' as I, and shortly afterwards I heard the front door slam with a bang. What a relief it was to descend to the lower regionB, and have no horrible dinner to order! Dinner is the bugbear of every modern house keeper. Men laugh at the difficulties we have to contend with—the stupidity of cooks, the rarity of entries, the impossibility of providing r&hercht; dishes at a trifling cost. All I say is, let them go to the kitchen day after day themselves, inspect the cold mutton bones, the glazey sonp and over-night delicacies in the larder, and then see if they find ordering dinner as easy as they imagine. I look upon the process as a daily penanoe which it is my duty to perform, but which I loathe and abominate. It is so nice not to know what is coming until one sits down to table, instead of one's head being filled for hours beforehand with such oombinationB as chicken rissoles, roast fiUeb of beef, oyster patties, shonlder of lamb, lobster cutlets, boiled chicken, &c.;, &o.; What a wearisome round to be sure! It re quires a genius to invent any variety, and • most men are eo alarmingly particular about their food! Let me remark, en pattarU, that this is one of my good points. I don't oare what I eat, so long as I get enough, and prefer plain fare to a lot of dainty dishes. To-day my spirit rejoioed at having no responsibility with regard to that important fnnotion—the evening tneaL Tea- dinner gladdened my thoughts, and if anything went wrong, there would bo nobody to aoold. Oh! how heavenly —by way of a change. 