SCIENCE IN CIRCULATION. Air. Penl is nn Indian official who ctatcs his soiontifio contributions from Sibmgar, in Assam. Ho hns made himself well known as tho author of some crude speculations about lunar orators, and he now favors the public with hiH views as to the origin of life on tho oarth. These are really worthy of attention. " He very properly looks upon tho very lowest forms of life rovoalcd to uh by the mioro.-tcopo as advanced stages in tho development of lifo vory far removed from its origin. The biologists tell us that the origin of lifo must be looked for in protoplasm, or in the building of a cell, but Mr. Peal begins at a much earlior starting point. Ho maintains that tho formation of snow crystals, whioh may bo seen growing, developing or evolving, is a lifo proooss or a modo of life. Ho does not go so far as to suggest tlint a ruow crystal can evor bo developed into a plant or an animal, and yot ho ; may he right in pointing out this is tho direction in whioh the origin of life should bo looked for. Ho describes tho formation of a snow crystal as a process of atom building, and sets it up as a phenomenon preco:lent to coll building. The idea has no claim to be ranked as a theory — it is merely tho suggestion of a possibility, and cannot ovon bo accepted ns so muoh as that, oxccpt in so far as it servos as nn index to some other form of atom building, ab yot undiscovered, from which lifo may havo originated. Tho snow crystal osn only be rognrdod as n concrete illustration of an Abstract proposition. It is just possible that life is a proporty of matter, nnd that the ohemioal elements thomsolvos may have been evolved from tho aggregation of atoms of a more simple desoription, in whioh ease life may have been originated at a point even earlier than tho formation of tho molecules which go to make up tho snow crystal. All this train of thought morely shows that nothing is yet known of the origin of lifo. Tho chemists set up a dividing fence botwoen organic and inorganic ohomistry, but this ih dono for their own convenience. 'As a matter of recognised fact somo of the organic oompounds may be built up from inorganic material, and there nro somo substanoes, such as oarbonio oxide, which bolong to both divisions of tho soienco. On tho other hand, it may ho asserted with somo degreo of plausibility that nil tho carbon in exintenco was, at one timo or another, alive. Should this contoutlon be maintained, how ever, it rather favors tho idon that the origin of lifo and tho building up of tho elements may havo been simultaneous. Lord Kelvin is orcdited with having thrown out tho suggestion that lifo may have been brought to the earth in the shape of n tuft of moss on a meteorite ; but this does nob desorvo to be regis tered as a happy thought, although it bears some resemblanco to tho derisive proposition of one of the earlier astronomers, that, by a fortuitous concourse of atoms, a salad might bo compounded in tho centre of space. If it be truo that, in accordance with the proverb, a rolling stone gathers no moss, it cannot be expeoted that a flying one will bo more successful. So far, the inquiry into the origin of life has elicited nothing hotter than gucascB at tho truth, and we must, for the prosont, bo satisfied with tho attempt to solve tho problem. These guesses aro nob altogether profitless. They serve at least to throw light on those which must be given up as hopelessly absurd, and, by narrow ing the cirolo within which the truth may be expeoted to Rhow itsolf, they may even render the discovery of the grand secret not altogether hopeless. Even Mr. Peal has done some usoful work In this direction. A demand for Profossor Dowar's liqueflod air has sprung up, as if ho could koop a supply on tap. In a subsequent lecture he took tho trouble to explain that oven a repetition of his experiments would involve tho expenditure of a large sum of money nnd a groat deal of labor and trouble. % In his first leoture ho merely onllod attention to the oxygen and nitrogen of the air, nnd ho has now taken into consideration the ingredients which arc found in smaller quantities therein. These are carbonic acid, ammonia, ozone, nitrie acid, aqueous vapor and tho impalpable and unweiglmble specks of organic or inorganic .dust. Tho importance of these- minor sub stances far transcends tho qunutities in whioh thoy aro found. "With the exception of tho vapor and tho dust, these ingredients are mob with in well defined proportions, which undergo little variation throughout the whole mass of the atmosphere. Tho watery vapor is . vory various in quantity, the circumstance being due to the fact that it is not a perfect gas, so that it is affected by changes of heat and pressure. The dust is of course an accidental impurity, and may even include the debris of meteoric showers. He ontered into an explanation of the various ways in whioh the equilibrium of the various gases was kept up, the oxygen being replenished by vegetation, the nitrio noid by the lightning flash, and the am monia by emanations from various sources. In addition to tho well known chcoks on the quan tity of carbonic acid, he called attention to one which is generally overlooked, having been only recently discovered, namely, tho decomposition of the bicarbonato salts contained in sen wator, which give up a portion of thoir carbonic acid, while the carbonates absorb, occasionally, an additional quantity, and thus become bicarbonate. The tendency of these fluctuations is to maintain uniformity in tho proportion of tho carbonio noid in the air. Ho then offered some speculations ns to what might bo tho oonsequenco if tho cold in the upper regions of tho atmosphere increased at tho samo rate as that which resulted from the expansion of the air within the limits of observation, but here ho became inconclusive and even contra dictory. "When he quits the fiold of experiment he is not nn altogether satisfactory guide. Dr. Anderson, whilo lecturing on the Interde pendence of Abstract Science and Engineering, called attention to tho uneasy feeling which was prevalent in respect to the superior technical education which was placed within the reach of working engineers on the Continont, the infe rence being that England was not keeping pace with other countries in oonsequence of the neg lect of abstract science. Hoys entering the pro fession, he pointed out, exchanged their small store of dead langungos for an equally slender equipment in science, the master him self being often scantily supplied. Ho also lamented the neglect of poli tical economy. On tho other hand, ho admitted that, in conversation with foreign engineers, ho had heard tbem express admira tion of the praotical efficiency of English work men, and admit the inferiority of their own. The balance of advantage may thus be not much on either aide. The vaunted technical educa tion obtainable on the Continent, does not go very deeply into abstract science, and tho men are apt to become petty thoorists to the neglect of more impor tant requisites. There is no doubt room for improvement on both sideB, and the uneasiness of feeling may aUo be pretty equally shared. A contributor to the scientific journals, who usually writes copiously and sensibly on suoh subjects as electricity and psychology, under tho pen name of " Sigma," has started n wonder ful theory in connection with the controversy ns to the authorship of Shakspe&ro;'s play. His contention is that the author was Shakupearo, no matter by what other patronymic he was known to hia contemporaries. " Sigma" distinctly avers that if the plays wero written by Lord Bacon then Lord Bacon was Shakspearc, no matter what history and tho Peorage may say to tho contrary. He does not develop bis theory so far as to tell us whether it was Lord Bacon who made liis appearance on the stage in the character of the ghost of Ham let's father, or who married Ann Hathaway. The theory, if fully worked out, would lead to strange conclusions. If, as seems likely enough, it Bhould be found that the plays wero written by half-n-dozcn different authors, are we to sup pose that these six wero one Shakspearc, or that there wore half-a-dozen Shakspeares? After this controversy has been closed—if it is ever to be closed — another might bo started with a viow to find out who wrote Gulliver's Travels. " Sigma " would, of course, tell us that it was Gulliver himself, no matter what tho champions of Dean Swift may -believe to tho contrary, for if written by Swift, he must liavebcon Gulliver himself. If applied to other matters than literary work, somo ourious results would be arrived at. The astute medicine vendor who put Old Farr's Life Fills upon tho markot must havo been Old Parr birasolf. If Jim tho Penman had forged aahequo by imitating Rothschild's slgnnturo, the drawer of tho cheque muRt have boon Rothschild, although his namo among his pals wns Jim. No ono is likely to dlsputo "Slgma'a" right to bo regarded as tho originator of his strnngo theory, and yot it is froqucntly rcduood to practice. Tho almanao makers, for instance, persistently reproduce, year by year, IltrseheVs Weather Tablct without making allusion to tho fnot that Sir "William Hersohol, whilo alive, repudiated responsibility for its absurditios, and after hts death Sir John Hersohol ropeatcd tho disavowal of Us authenti city. Tho tablo boors Horsohel's name, and, therefore, according to "Sigma," its author, who ovor ho was, must havo boen Hersohol, all pro tests to tho contrary notwithstanding. Weathor prophcoies aro justifiable when they nro based on rational data, but oven these nro only nvnilablo from day to dny, whilo littlo nioro than 80 per cent, of the forecasts oomo true, and tho majority of these merely confirm tho rule that what exists is likely to continue. Not one of tho lunar theories bears tho tost of observation. Lunar Imlos appear to he an exception, but those aro phenomena of tho enrth's ntmosphorc. and havo nothing lunar About thom, oxoept in so far as tho moon makos them visiblo. Tho street lamps, in like manner, rovcal the stato of tho atmosphere, and, hesidos, tho rcourronco of halos cannot ho foretold. IIcrschcl\t Weather Table is nn imposture in moro senses than ono. There is n law ngninst fortune telling, and those who practioe it are liablo to be proseouted as criminals. This law should be extendod to thoso who seek to mislead tho ignorant by tho publication of prediotioris in whioh the prophets themsolvcs havo no faith. As the ease stands at present thero is one law for tho gipBics and another for tho almanao makers. Zadkiol and Old Moore aro only tho types of a class whoso namo is legion, and to whom no moroy should be shown. Tho scamp of this chus who invented JTcrsehcVs Weather Table about a century ago may bo act dowu as a double dyed impostor, as well as a libeller. Through his ingenuity Horsohel has become better known as a weather prophet than as tho discoverer of Uranus. Perhaps a considera tion of this case will induce " Sigma" to abandon or to modify his thoory. Some new developments in cleotricity are re ferred to in tho Year Hook of Science, of whioh Professor Bonney is the editor. Tho wave theory of rnagnotism and cloctrioity seems now to bo acooptod ns unreservedly ns that of light. Waves pass along wires as thoy do through air, and nt the rate which is practically tho same as tho rate in vacuo ; but tho speed of the passage through vacuo is itself open to question. Testa's lcoburo on rapidly alternating currents delivered before the Royal Institution is regarded as containing tbo germ of a new iliuminnnt. M. d'Arsonval, referring to tho Ameri can mode of carrying out tho son- tonce of death, declares that no man is killed outright by nn oleotrio shook, whatover may be its intonsity. Tho man appa rently killed may bo leausoitated as rabbits aro after having been subjeoted to similar shocks. It is alleged that in America post mortem examinations aro hurried ovor as if it were apprehended that signs of life might show them selves. The whole system is condemned as complicated, barbarous and impious. Other authorities supply the- information that tanning by oleotrioity has boen further developed. Tho tanning substance passes quickly through tho walls in tho colls of tho leather. It is added, however, that motion is also required to produce the result, nnd this admission is sugges tive of the desirability of inquiring into tbo merits of the two ngetioies employed — motion and oleetricity. Glass is usually recognised ns a non-couduotor of cleotrioity, bub rcoent experi ments have shown that molten glass is n fairly good conduotor. In the courso of tho trial of n suit instituted by Mr. Edison against a company to restrain it from infringing his patent, evi dence was adduced to show that incandescent lamps wero invented and oxhibitcd by Mr. Gonbel prior to tho year I860, tho only variation in detail being in tho shapo of tbo globes, so that Edison's patent is invalid. The disclosure is reported to have created an immense sensntiou in the world of cleotric engineering and in speculative oiroles. It has also transpired that Mr. Elishn Gray was forestalled in his inven tion of tho telephone, and has had in conse quence to forego tho claim ho hail set up. It doe not follow, however, that either Edison or Gray had plagiarised their ideas, and although they had no right to claim any privilege their caso is to a certain extent a hard one. They have honestly brought their views into practical work, and for doing so they deserve a certain amount of honor. Canals went out of fashion when the railway fever sot in, hud thoy wore just beginning to be recognised ns of special utility for goods traffic when tbo railway companies adopted tho policy of acquiring proprietary rights in them with tho view of rendering thom subsidiary to tho more profitable transit by rail. This being the caso, it cannot be said that the c&nals; havo succumbed to fair competition. Tho Panama blunder has been another discouragement to tbeir resuscitation, although tho scandals con nected with that mismanaged under taking cannot fairly bo regarded as affecting oanol speculations in general. Sinco the opening of tho Suoz Canal an erroneous idea has prevailed that canals should be entirely subservient to the traffic between widely sepa rated ports, and that, consequently, they should be constructed so ab to permit of the passage of tho targesb ships afloat. The original idea of a caual that It should bo constructed on Bucb a scale as to bo sufficient for local traffic only is now completely lost sight of, and yet it was sound in priuciplo, and might with advantage bo once moro looked upon with favor. Tho only canal that wo have iu this colony is of an exceptional type — that which was out to facilitate tho navigation of tho Yarra ; but thero is room for other enter prises of tho kind. Tho discovery has boen mado in Queensland that the cutting of a canal offers facilities for manual labor whioh remlor it tho most advantageous for the relief of tho unemployed. Of tho merits in other respects of the proposed canal tho QucenBtandcrs must bo tbo judges, but the main principle of con structing canals likely to prove remunerative, as an excellent means of providing employment, without involving the necessity for a largo outlay in other ways, should commend itself to tho attention of thoBo who are interesting themselves in sohemos of social improvement. They might, with the advico of exports, moke inquiry as to the feasibility of cutting a canal from Port Phillip to AVeatorn Port, by way of the Carrum Swamp, so that the dangerous run outside the Heads might be avoided, and facili ties be afforded for the conveyance of coal from the mines to the centre of industry moro cheaply than by rail Suggestions for tho outting of other canals should be invited, and some thing might be realised. The most heroi cally ambitious proposal of the kind ever made in the colony was to cut a canal from tho Murray to the Glenclg, or to Portland Bay ; but itsauthor, though a Minister of tho Grown, had nob the means of working out his soheme in detail, and no steps wero taken towards giving praotical effect to tho sug gestion. Thore was do coloniAl Lesseps to tako tho work in hand, and the sonsideratioit of its speculative merits may be relegated to another century. The idea was, of course, to bring tho mouth of the Murray within Victorian territory, so that there was a political purpose in the move ment. Tho canalisation of some of the rivers would be more likoly to yield practical results. Although tho popular belief is that canals have had thoir day thero may be triumphs for thom yot to come, and proposals for giving them another trial should be welcomed with discreet encouragement. 