' THOROUGHTH.' 'Faustine' in the Daily Telegraph writes : — A correspondent writes from Bathurst describing a curious experiment tried on his little son, aged nine, who, told to look fixedly into his own eyes in a mirror, dropped off into a mesmeric sleep, and was with difficulty awakened. ' I should like to know what you have to say about the fact related,' he adds, 'through your weekly column in the Daily Telegraph.' What is there to say except that tho incident is perfectly ncuiuiu in utiyo tvuuii uj'puuunui us u force is continually being illustrated through channels and authorites that aro above suspicion. For myself, I must confess to a certain prejudice against — I might almost say fear of, everything relating to spiritual phenomena. But that very fear may be a tribute to their power. I am perfectly willing to believe that we may be, as Mr. Stead puts it, in the last number of the ' Reviews of Re views' 'On the Eve of the Fourth Dime nsion.' .'Life as we know, it,' consists * of three dimensions : tho first is length; tho second, breadth and tho third, height ; and tho fourth is ' through tb,' if I may venture to give it a name. Wo get glimpses of it in clairvoyance, in hypnotism in tele pathy, crystal-gazing, tliought-reading, uiiu an ujiiJgH iu wiiiuii wo see, uoar, or commnnicato through things, which, according to tho known laws of tho third dimensional space, would render commu nication impossible.' We cannot any of us, in tho face of modern evidence, dis beliovo in ' thoroughth.' And having once couceded so much, it is easy to grant that a whole world of now and strange experience may bo open to thoso who caro to enter it. The tendency in that direction must bo, of course, like nearly everything else, temperamental. But it is not to bo denied that utter ' sceptics ' have testified to curious psychic forces they could neither understand nor con trol. By the way ' The photographing of ghosts,' a paper read by Mr. Traill Taylor before the London and Provincial Photographic Association a few weeks 112:0, published in tho British Journal of Photography, and also ontlined in tho Revieiv,is a highly interesting study, es pecially as Mr. Taylor is well known as a man whose evidonco may bo relied on. 