British and !F6f6ign. . In what was once tho Assyrian empire there exists a Christian ohnroh, tho origin of whioh was in apostolio times. One of the oldest Nonconforming Churches in England — the Congregational Church, Can terbury, has just celebrated Its 247th anniver- sary. Christian missionaries In foreign lands are said to experience more trouble in their1 attempts to convert: Mahometans than thoy encoun ter with any other olass of people. In publio recognition of tee valuo of tee Service rendered to France by the M'All Mis sion, the President ot tee Frenoh Republic has conferred upon Mr. M'All the cross of tho Legion of Honour. . A recently- completed feligloim census of Australia shows 1,486,066 members of tee Church of England, 493,860 PreSbytOtiann, 364,594 Methodists, and 89,118 Catholics. These are tee four most numorcus denomi nations. The careful revision of tee Apocrypha, undertaken Bome yetts ago by the revisers of the Old and Now Testaments, is still in pro gress. The result of their work Will be pub lished by the nniveraitio of Oxford and Cambridge. Open-air preaching is now one of tho estab lished institutions of Loudon; Tho Opon-air Mission was established in 1863. Thoro aro 1,123 preachers on the toll. Hundreds of ser vices are held ia difforent parts of tho olty every week. Tho third annual convention "for teo deepening of tee spiritual life" among teo missionaries in India has boon held. The American Reformed Ohnroh, the Wosleyana, the Ohuroh of, England, the American Board, and other missions wore represented in tho meeting. Tho Boys' Brigade in tho United Kingdom numbers ovor 1,600 officers and 21,000 boys, making it teo largest Christian organisation of boys m teo worid. Thoso in oharge have decided in favour of having On enoarnnmsnt of the brigade at teo World's Fair, though all the dotailBare not as yot settled. A New York olorgymah told his congrega tion the other Sunday that all those who put 6 dollars in tho contribution box would get 50 dollars back In their . business Within a year, and teat if they failed to roaliso that promise they could draw on hhn personally for that amount. At tee olosa of teo service tee minister was suiprised to find tee offertory box almost filled with 6 -dollar notos. Dr. George F. Pentecost has decided to remain in London, doolining tho invitation to become thepaator of teo Park street Congre gational Church in Boston. He gives as reasons' tbat tee work of tee Mnrylebono Presbyterian Ohuroh, in London, ie so great, and the pressure brought to hour on him for that reason so strong, that he doe's not feel that ho can leave at present. Rev. Hugh Prioe Hughes, tho great London preacher, says tee Methodist Ohurch, to which ho belongs, will never roaoh the masses until it adopts gcnorally teo practice of stroot prcaoh- ing. The churches in AmOrioa are boginmng to open their eyes to tea same question. Christ has commanded us to go out into tee streets and lanes, into tee highways and hedges. If people will not coirio to the ohnroh, wo must take the church to them. During tho recent illness of tho pastor of tho Willows Baptist Ohuroh (U.S.A.) several mom- bore of his congregation entered his study, toro up tho old matting usod as a carpet, which teoy threw into tho yard, and removed the bookcase, chairs, and other furniture. They tacked down now linoloum in place of the mat ting, aad supplied tho study with a comfortable easy chair and other appropriate articles with out disolosing thoir Identity. An oxohsngo publishos Luthor's ton qualifi cations for tho ministry. Thoy are ns follow : "1. Ho should bo ablo to preach plainly and in ordor. 2. Ho should liuve a good hoad. 3. Good powor of languago. 4. A good voice. 6\. A good memory. 6. Ho should know when to step. 7. Ho should ho sure of what ho means to say. 8. And bo ready to stako body and soul, goods and reputation, on its truth. 9\. Ho should study diligently. 10. And sailor himself to bo voxod and oritiolsed by evory- ono." To whioh, with all-becoming modesty, wo might add that tho loos iioilco he pays to alleged troublo in teo ohuroh teo batter it will bo both for himself and tho ohurch. Tlio Rov. Dr. Joseph Purkor, tho well known Congregation aliet divino and paster of tho London City Tomplo, is bollovcd to ho contem plating a startling now doparturo in connection with spiritualism. In tho couroa of a short sormon to business men delivered recently, ho declared that, wliilo seeking no message from disombodicd frionds, ho awaited direct com munication from God. 44 "What is called spiritualism," hocontinucd, "chouldtarcseuod from teo unholy and frlvoloua uses to which it has been put by somo fanatical and cten viaions porsons. I boliovo in divino spiritual ism. Wo ought to spoak ns tho Spirit gives us ntteranco. Wo should rotraco our way to Pentecost. Wo should stand in living relation to teo ctoreal Spirit, und should spook out dearly and foarlosaly whatovor Ho may hid us spoak. Wo havo distrusted teo Holy Spirit. Wo have forgotten His very oxislenoo. I bittorly repent my own negleot and sin In tho matter, and imploro God aad the Holy Ghost to send messages through mo concerning life, business, politics, religion, and duty whioh may be of real servio'oiu tho highest education of the .WWld."; j. \- —7 - .r.M AlA'V-itt/TiMafrk 