Kennel Notes. Colonel North has determined to sell off his stud of greyhounds, which have done so much to secure fame in sporting circles for "the Nitrate King." A London correspondent of the Kennel Gazette asks, What is to be the coming dog? "He generally inakcM his debut," says the writer, " about this time of the year, and not infre quently selects the lawn at Brighton for his Btago. The curious thing is that the dog shows, as a rule, take little notice of him. For the dog of the season—like the waltz of the season or the colour of the season —only last 3 the season, lie and his offspring, of course, continue in the land, but his special claim to fame ends with tbe year of his adoption. We have had the fox-terrier, the broken-haired variety, the little black Schipperkcs, and the tailless dogs of the Belgian bargees. Last year tbe Irish terriers—the tan, not the wheaten— were much prized, and their patronage by the Queen added to their popularity. Collies seem at a discount. The coming dog has not yet declared himself, but there is an impression that the fashion will be for rather large dogs. There is a large breed of the Irish terrier much spoken of, and the short-legged, long-bodied Scotch terrier is said to be looking up." A troupe of collie dogs are appearing at the Royal Aquarium, at Brighton, England, whioh are stated to have been trained solely by kind ness, and no whip or stick is used. Included in their tricks is a scene of a house on fire, wherein two of the dogs fetch and trolly along a fire escape and place it against the house. One of the dogs then mounts and enters the top room, and bring 3 down in its mouth a child. On reaching the stage the dog falls down apparently d9ad. Its widow then comes forward to mourn its fate and to assist a police dog to carry the bier. In connection with this performance an unrehearsed incident occurred the other day. A spectre of the orthodox sort is introduced upon the stage in the course of the public entertain ment, and one of the characters pretends to be bo frightened that he rushes about the boards emitting frantic yells. The next set of per formers happened to be the troupe of collies, who were waiting their turn in the wings. On hearing the shrieks they became excited, and with one accord jumped on to the stage and tore after the astonished ghost. The phantom did not show the proper ghostlike contempt for mere material assailants; but he leaped hastily on to a table, and, amid the inex tinguishable laughter of the audience, implored somebody to save him from the howling pack. 