RICHMOND RIVER ECHOES. As further information comes in, it is found that the damage caused by the flood down river is of a very extensive character. The result will be, not only a serions loss to the farmers whose corn and maize crops have been destroyed ; but a great depreciation in the value of cane farms near the river hanks. Farms of any kind have been a drug lately," aud the boiuifidc sales make up a very small; proportion of those advertised in the papers.. The auctioneers - whose name is legion - have anything but rosy times just now. They hud a boom a few years since, but the must hopeful would hesitate to hiut at the; next boom. ' . THE residents of Byron Bay arc a terribly earnest people. There, are some ill- natured critics who go so far ns to say that they are mostly "cranks" in that salubrious seaport; hut high-mindedness ls always open to such attacks. I mentioned tho fact that a politi- cal meeting was to he held at the Bay in connection with the "situation"-not the situation of the ."Bay," which some wicked people have insinuated is vague and sha- dowy- but the political situation.' The meeting was held, and'.appears to have been a huge success-us furas sinne of the 'speakers were concerned. A very lengthy report appears in one of the Richmond Uiver papers, and the speech of the hera of the meeting is so nicely .worded, that a sceptical person might imagine that that report hud been prepared before the speech was delivered. Thu'present .Members will feel inclined to give up tlie ghost when they read it, and thf Ministry that is struggling to save this poor Weeding country, will feel encouraged to persevere in that-apparently hopeless task, when they hear how patriotically pro- tectionist is Byron Buy... MB. DAVID JAIIMAX, the jovial landlord of the Pier hotel,.made the speech of the even- ing-as far ns quantity is concerned. There wasi no hesitation about his utterance of sentiments, und Free-traders - there .-were two there (misguided beings !)-who heard him must have felt that a return, tb Man- chester doctrines would never take place in tliis colony while there were Jarmans to support Protection like political caryatides.: Resolutions urging support of the Govern- ment, were carried hy an overwhelming majority, ns it. appears that "a forest of hands were (sic) 'shown in their favor." As' the Government contains several members who have scoffed ut Byron Bay, and called it unpleasant names, tue generous behaviour of the Bnyiles. should^iiiako them feel "as if they were having'coals of fire heaped on' them-.by. the ton. - The - ".open roadstead" libel will bo dropped for a time at least. Mn. Wsr. GRAHAM, it gentleman who is per- sonally a: really ..ninia me 'man- when, pro- perlyunderstood^aiid who talks, with what Byron has called a " melodious twang " moved au .amendment, as follows-" That' this meeting'has no. confidence in the Gov- ernment, and that they will lend the country to ruin." The diction of the amendment is riot Addisnniuu, and leaves it open to doubt as to whether the Government or the meet- ing would lead the poor country to ruin. Mr.' Graham probably meant the Govern- ment, but the "King of Byron Bay" should ¡nive worded his amendment a little better. The writer of the'report, who is evidently of a ; fanciful ; turn of wind, describes Mr. Graham as leaving tlie platform " amidst a storm of ironical1 cries and cheers." The acute perception of that reporter'Could, of course, detect the ironical character of those cries and cheers, although Mr. Graham miglit liave construed.them differently., ' , WHY Byroii Bay should* have been plunged into this political excitement just now, is a question which might puzzle a good many people. The probable explanation is that Air. J Ainu x bas an intention of " running " for Parliamentary honors,- and has taken the opportunity, to issue 'another "manifesto.".: on his own account. Man is a curious animal, but oncean hardly understand why any man .should feel anxious to leave such a salubrious spot as Byron Buy to sit stifling in the atmosphère of Parliament House. Dc(]uni¡bus, cte. Mr. GHAHAM, will also run for Parliament, it is said; but not just yet. Should be ever get there, he will create a sensation when ,be takes the floor for the first tune. Astonished members will rush to the conclusion that tho late revered Sir Joiix RonuitTsóx, if lie did not leave lu's ?nantie behind bini as u legacy for Mr, Graham, certainly left his vocal squeak; , A r.ECTUniNO gentleman isab present, in tho district, and the.'niissionjbliat.he has to curry out in some form or ótlieriis the education o'f the people in dairying matters, and the incul- cation of sound ideas as to the value of Có-üperation., As fur as tho first.part of his programme is concerned, ho may probably learn a few " wrinkles" himself while he i's on a teaching tour'; and with regard to'.the co-opei'ution business, he might speak with the authority of un archangel without accel- erating the .progress of that iden. It is grow-, ing slowly,.us most ideas do among farmers : but it is also striking a deep root, that self- same idea. Co- operative dairy companies aré beiug formed throughout the district.. A new factory, will, be opened nt Clunes to- morrow, a fair start has been made towards the formation of a company at Casino, and one is to be fornicd at Greenridge. To use a commercial column -phrase-" butter is ad- vancing.". : : THE "Sawmill Incident." which occurred at Lismore during the last Quarter Sessions, and which led to Acting-Judge Harris' peremp- tory commands that a certain plaining machine should be stopped, as it interfered with the business of the Court, has been taken up in the S. M. Herald. People in Lis- more held very strong opinions on the sub- ject, but repressed them with respectful deference, to his Honor. There are some things which may be said to our own particu- lar friends which it is not safe to say with tiny emphasis to the general public. The subject was dealt with in an editorial in a Lismore paper, and the opinions expressed in that paper have been very generally approved. If au old established business, can be stopped for nearly a week without any compensation, there is some tangible necessity for legislation. TUE weather, throughput; the district has been of stich a hopelessly distressing kind since thé Hood,: that any 'rumours-and there are many-as to.a "big Hood that is going to eclipse' all preceding aquatic disturbances, ure simply believed in a spirit of solemn resignation. St. Patrick's Day is set apart 'for another dismal 'visitation ;' nut it ' is to be hoped:that the prediction will not "come off," for the credit of Ireland's national saint.' ' ? ? 