. INFANT BAPTISE. TO THE EDITOR OP THEFREE PRESS biR,—I refrained from commenting* on Mr Bishop’s long-winded reply to' my letter before, and now find that I am saved a great deal of trouble by Mr Bate, who has shown that Mr Bishop was alto gether at sea, and that his statements re quired to be taken “eumgrano salis.” Mr Bate, however, has not added any to the proofs I adduced as to the Scriptural authoiity for infant baptism, so that I have still the best claim, for the reward offered bv Mr Bishop. [ am. very much obliged to Mr Bate for the way in which iie perhaps unwittingly showed that my statements were thoroughly reliable, despite all Mr Bishop’s assertions. As to Mr Bishop seeking to prove from words supposed to bare been uttered or written by Dean Stanley tint the baptism of in fants Was not practised up to the 3rd century 1 can give a far more reliable authority on the other side,.to wit, the flight, lit".-. Dr-Ohullbner, ^Whoj-in the 2nd chapter of “The Catholic .Christian In structed” proves infant hautism not alone by the texts ol: Scripture I quoted in my previous letter but also by “a tradition which the church has received from the apostles and practised in all ages ever since.” (See also St. Irenams i” 2c. 39. Origcn I. 5. in c. 6 ed Rom. St Cyprian, Ep. ad Fidum. St Chrysostom. Horn, ad Neophytes. St. Augustin, I. 10. de Gen. 3\. 23.) The way Mr Bishop quibbles over sucli a small thing as my using the word ‘•family’" for ‘'household” shows pretty plainly that no good result is likely to come from arguing with him. What dif ference does it make whether it was a family or a household baptised ? Surely the children would be included in a house hold as well as the servants. As to the way Mr Bishop interprets the texts I quoted, that proves nothing on his side, as no sane man is going to set up this particular Bishop as an authority above the many bright and shining lights of the Anglican, the Roman Catholic, the Presbyterian, Methodist, and other Chris tian churches, including the Salvation Army, all of whom apparently have been and are quite satisfied as to the teaching of Scripture re infant baptism, otherwise they would surely have refused to ad minister baptism to infants. As to Mr Bishop’s remark about not envying the mind that could contemplate the possib ility of a little child passing away from this world being lost, I might point out that I undertook to show how the church men of all ages got their warranty for in fant baptism from Holy Writ. I main tain that I have accomplished that task, notwithstanding all that Mr Bishop may say to the contrary. What my own in dividual belief may be is no concern of anybody but myself, but so as to remove any false impression I may have made, I may state that while I have unbounded faith in a loving and merciful God, I can not bring myself to believe that eternal damnation will be the lot of even the most unworthy of human beings. The rebuke administered in my remark anent Judas and the shekels was well deserved, because anyone who professes to be a j'srknaiat-jkrsh f/Vl .. lowly Nazarene” should be able to order his doings with humility and magnanim ity, and seek not to crush through the weight of his temporal wealth those whose theological views are slightly divergent from his own. If Mr Bishop means busi ness, and is, a9 he says, thoroughly in earnest, he wil readily agree to the proposition I now make to have indepen dent judges appointed at once to decide upon the main question at issue between him and myself. I maintain that in my former letter I furnished S riptural proof for infant baptism. Mr Bishop con tends that I have not done so. If we keep up a newspaper correspondence for a year no further headway will be made. I therefore suggest that the Revs. Finlay McQueen and E. Taylor be appointed to judge between us, and whatever the ver dict may be, I am prepared to abide by it.—Yours, &c..; SUNDOWNER. i January 8th. To the Editor of the “Free Press.” Dear Sir,—I thank Mr Bate for his endeavor to put me on the right track and after reading his letter easily believe his statement that he has no time to prove this matter or follow it up. As for his assertion that the battle upon this subject has been fought and won, never was the matter more disputed than at present. To judge from late statistics, the number of those who practise infant sprinkling is on the decrease, and more believers are sub mitting to baptism than ever. Mr Bate’s first argument that the ceremony of cir cumcision is superseded by baptism, he liases entirely upon one passage, Col. II, 11, lit. fJpon examination of this text it will be seen that the circumcision there spoken of is not a ceremony at all—it is not made with hands. It is ‘"putting off the body of the flesh” and this circum cision the Colossians had, after they had been buried with Him in baptism. Hav ing been baptised into Christ, in Him they were spiritually circumcised. They were thus both baptised and circumcised. The passage has not the slightest indica tion of baptism superseding anything. If the apostles taught that the ceremony ■ >t circumcision was superseded by baptism, how is it that the long continued dispute went on in the early church as to whether baptised Gentiles should be circumcised, and why did Paul circumcise Timothy after he was baptised. Your correspond ent further says another argument is that baptism is commanded by our blessed Saviour as a necessity for salvation. Does he really and truly believe that baptism is a necessity of salvation to infants. Does he believe that unbaptised infants are lost. I have already pointed out that the practice of infant baptism was at first based on the idea of infant damnation. Does it still continue so 1 This would make it appear like it. I would like to find out if those who practise infant sprinkling to-day really believe it to be a necessity of salvation. “Except a man” (Joan in, o) uoes not rerer to an uncon scious infant. “To be born again” is not to be a little child but to become like a little child in certain characteristics. Hour Mr Bate can say that Matthew XXVIII, 19, 20, and Mark XVI, 15,16, includes infants, when one contains a command to baptise those who hare been made disciples, and the other speaks of believing, passes comprehension. An in fant is neither a disciple or believer. The promise of Peter on the day of Pentecost was a conditional one, ‘•Repent ye and be baptised every one of you m the name of lesus Christ, unto the remission of 3-our lins and ye shall receive the gift of the Eloly Ghost.” Can infants repent? If not. why quote thispas»age to'show, that .they ought to be baptised. Mr Bate fur ther quotes all the. households over again. What use are they on this point, unless he can find an infant in one of them. Why, Sir, we hare a dozen or more households in Kyabram here and not an infant in one of them. The people qu.oted may not. hare been married even. The constant re-introduction of these households only shew the poverty of the arguments on be half of infant sprinkling. It is true that there are messages to children in the epistles to the Ephesians and Colossians but they are comprised in the. dedication of those epistles in the saints and faithful in Christ Jesus. They were therefore be lievers, and there are many such children in the Churches of Christ to-day. The Saviour does not command the baptism either of adults or infants but of believers The question before us is Scriptural au thority for sprinkling babies and to intro duce the case of such children as were able to comprehend the instruction given them in those epistles is to darken coun sel by words without knowledge. If this is about 11 that may be said from the Scriptural side, then there is no Scriptural proof for infant baptism. How is it that Mr Bate has never heard of Dean Stanley as an authority on ecclesias tical history? The author of “Chris tian Institutions,’’“Lectures on the history of the Jewish Church,” and a dozen like works is entitled to be heard. The-quo tation I gave was from an article on baptism, which appeared first in the! “ Nineteenth Century Magazine," Oc tober 1879, and now forms the first chapter of “ Christian Institutions.” If Mr Bate would read that article he would learn the considerable change that has taken place in the position of the leaders of those who practise infant sprinkling since Dr. Wall wrote his history. Mr Bate says Justin Martyr speaks of persons who were made disciples to Christ in their infancy. Now, his words are, “ Several persons among us of 60 and 70 years old of both sexes who were decipled to Christ in or from their childhood do continue uncorrupted.” Here Mr Bate has rung the changes on the words in-! fancy and childhood, nor does the passage say anything about baptism, the assertion being that some were made disciples or ! learners of Christ lin their childhood. I ( hare no means to check his quotation from lrenajus, but that it says nothing about baptism at all. Tertullian, as I stated, is the first who mentioned it, and that at a time when all sorts of depar tures faom the faith as delivered to the church were taking place. Mr Bate charges me with misquoting from the fathers, It is easy to make general char- res of that sort, but they can only be establishe * when true. I challenge him to specify one misquotation. I am, yours truly. Oh H. BISHOP. 