FISHER'S GHOST. RETOLD BY MR. H. HEATON. The Sequel to the Murder. A Convlot Who Witnessed the Crime —How the Ghost story wa . Started— A Strange Meeting. Luke Sharp, in tho Detroit Free Press, gives the following account, as told by Mr. Hcnuiker Heaton one night at tho Authors' Club, London, of the Fisher's ghost inci dent :— On Monday night, r.ot long ago, there was a notable assemblage of men who mako dynasties and publishers tremble at the Authors' Club, Loudon. Douglas Sliidcn was ill the o'nair. Mr. J. Hcnniker Heaton, M.P. for Canterbury nnd advocate of pcuny postage between all English-speaking coun tries, sat at the right band of the chair ami I sut on the left. I don't mention my posi tion near the head oi tiia table through any feeling of brag, for greater honors have been showered on mc at tne Authors', and I have on occasion held down the chair myself. I am - merely drawing cut a tvur map of the situation with infinite detail. In the course of conversation Mr. Hcn niker Heaton, finding I vrns a member of the staff of Tho Detroit Fj:ke Press, asked mu if I remembered years ago how that paper started a punning controversy about the number r.f noples Eve ate and how all the papers took it up until the number the unfortuuate woman devoured reached mil lions. " I think," he said, " that it began liko this: 'Eve ate ono and Adam, loo, which made three. Then another paper said Kvc ate ono and Adam ate one, too, wiileii counted fuiir ; another that Eve eight one, which made nine, and Adam or.o too, which totalled 12, and thus the thing went along.'" I said I remembered the idiotic con troversy well. I didn't think the Ftil'-e PRESS was guilty of Starling ir, but I knew it was to blame for aiding and uboitiug the crime. At that time I worked t ho scissors in tho Free Press office in Detroit and had several times cut out the item with its con stant uccrctions until, as wo conld not give up the whole paper to its growing bulk, wo had to let it go. I remembered that some of the comments were added as far away ns Australia, as I had clipped the item out of a weekly of Sydney, New South Wales. Then it wus Mr. Hcnuiker Hoatou's in nings. Ho said : "I edited and was part owner of a Sydney wickly paper at the time. It was- a bright duy when the De troit Free Press arrived. Wo got tlictn two or three at a time, I cut that item out of tho Free Press, added to it nnd startod it ou its rounds in Australia." Then Douglas Sladcu took up tho run ning. " You may recollect," he Baid to the mem ber of Parliament, " that yon sent the papci to mo in Japan. I got The Free Press there at the same time. That celebrated sum in addition camo at me from bnth cast the papers und took it to a friend of mine, who edited a nativo Japanese journal. Ha understood Eng lish and endeavored to translate it in to Japanese, publishing it in his paper. Ho missed tho point of tho puns euuroly and treated tho matter quite seriously, saying that there was an endeavor on tho part of tho religious world in America end Aus tralia to find ou; how many apples Eve ate, but he did not see, he admitted, how thay arrived at tho conclusion that she consumed several millions, even with tho help of Adam.'" It struoA mo as rather odd (continues Luke Sharp) thai three men who had manipulated the samo item, one in Aus tralia, one in Japan and tho other in the Uuiled StateB should happen to meet around tho samo table in London. But nil that has nothing to do with Fisher or his ghost. Hcnnikor Heaton told tho Fisher's ghost yam, which is a truo Btory, and the events happened many years ago in Australia. Tho ghost story has beou printed several times In English and Aus tralian papers, but tho sequel to it Mr. Henton happened to meet when ho was making researches in Australia among official documents while preparing his well- known book on Australia. The sequel he believes has nover beon printed. Fisher was a rich ranchman who lived very much alone. His companion was a tlckct-of-leavo man. Australia at that time enntainod many ex-couvicts, and it is an old joko ngainal Australia that the people there aro not as prond nf their ancestry as are the aristocracy of England, For the life of me I cannot sco why this should be, for the ancestry in both instances were thicvos, aa a general thing. Personally, I would -prefer iho founder of tny house to bo a convict rather than to be, say, Nell Gwynne ; but that, of courso, is all a matter of taste. Well, one day Fisher disappeared, and the convict Baid be had gono to Ireland to claim a large property ho had fallen heir to, and that ho had left the ranch and ail its belongings to tho convict, Tho people around thought tho story of Fisher's dis appearance rather fishy, but there was nothing to show that it was not so, and sus picion would likely have quieted down were it not for tho untimely appearance on the scone of FiBher'B ghost. Fisher's ghost was seen by a pa3scr.hy sitting on the fence near his former resi dence. Tho person who Raw tho ghost was not in tho least afraid, and ho stepped for ward to question the apparition. The ghost, .however, was not in a talkative humor nnd it slid off the fence, moved mysteriously toward a deep watcrhole and there dis appeared. This story wont liko wiltifite around tile settlement, and after that one man afcor another saw Fisher's ghost, always on tho fence rail and alwayB eluding an intorvicw by sliding away and vanishing tn tne watcrnoic. If one or two persons only had seen tho ghost nothing might huvc been done, but everyone in the neighborhood who happened to be passing about dusk saw it, some of whom wore men whose word could not be doubted. Tho persistent haunting of the water pool by the ghost turned tho attention of the authorities to it, nnd tho pond was dragged, but no body was found there, although there were indications that a body had been in tho pool. 8carch in the neigh boring thicket, however, vas more fruit ful, for there they found the body of the murdered man. Tho ex-convict was arrested, and seeing the game was up, lie confessed that ho had murdqrod Fisher and put him in tho water- hole, but on account of the intrusive and objectionable ghost he had fished up Fisher and put him in the thicket. The ghost had utterly demoralised tho convict, and ha was afterwards duly hanged. This much of tho story is well- known in Australia, but the sequel is not so well known. Unfortunately it ruther takes the gilt off tho giio3t, although it fastened tho guilt on the convict. Up to this point the yarn proves not only the existence of ghosts, but tho usefulness of them. Mr. Henniker Heaton knew the Fisher story well and whon he was searching among official documents for material for his book ho noticed on au affidavit tho name of Fisher. He read tho instrument and found it related to the ghost. An ex-convict dying had mado the do- positioa before a magistrate and it was to thlB offeot : He was on tramp through tho country when ho came ono moonlight night to Fisher's ranch. Ho slept in the thicket and was aronaed in the night by erics for help. Peering out ho saw in tho moonlight the convict murder his employer and drag tho body to the waterhole. The tramp was afraid to iuterfero at the tlpae and was afraid- to -tell wii.. -.saw after wards. There existed a kinu i-f Freema- Bonry among tickot.of-lcave men and it was a dangerous thing for one tosplit on another. Besides this the ex-convict was well-kuowo in tho neighborhood, while the' tramp was a stranger, so he feared that if lie told what) - he saw, lie would himself bo accused of tho Fisher murder. i ' He got work in the neighborhood, and pondered over tho situation. Ho though . first of personating tho gitost, bat fearing lie might be caught he abandoned that idea. " Ono night returning from tho Fisher ranch he toid his employer that he had aeen- Fisiicr'a ghost sitting on tho fence, after wards disappearing in the watorhole. This was tho spark to tne tinder. Suspicion was ripe for a story liko this, nnd after that everyone in tho neighborhood saw tho ghost, nil apparently in good faith believing . that they saw it. Tho mythical uliost, however, made a roal ghost of tlio_ guilty man, and tho real ghost is said to this duy— or perhaps it would bo more accurate to say to this night — to com bat with tho ghost of Fisher in the light of the moon. 