The Doctor's Step-daughters. [COPYBIGHT,} Chapter I.—Love's Complications. By C. Stafford. T if HEN,, my dear Tina, all I bare to say is this: under the circumstances, it is time you provided for yourself,' and if . you •will not do bo by marrying old Clinton, you must find some -other -way of getting a home of your own." "A home? I hare a liome 1" • "Indeed! Where?" Herbertina West's grey eyes opened „ vide with the question. Was her stepfather gone mad ? " Why, here in my mother's hopse," she said. Dr. Morns was a small man with a fresh colour, thick, rather curling brown Lair, dapper professional air, and slow, •distinct!way of speaking.. Tina was a. •tall girl, 8o that hei\ eyes and those of iier stepfather as he came forward, stooping slightly with his pince-nez dangling from his rather knuckly little ' liana, were on a "level, and had she answered his gaze,- she might have seen in v it a twinkle of fun somewhat • contradicting the words lie let fall one by one •mth the "choppy" distinctness (as . one of his. five step-daughters termed'it) peculiar to him. . • "Ahouse cannot belong to one who .no longer prists," went; on tlie doctor. . f * Practically," this house never did belong to: your mother, nor to me, for the ^matter of that/ till seven years after her i death. ' When she and I married, I understood it belonged , to her; but in ^reality, the houses, the house furniture— ; eVen the ^ood-'will of your father's prac- 1 , tice—were mortgaged to such an extent, ' that it took me till long after your poor .^mother's.death to free the place from debt. Tour father had managed to ' bring. matters into this delightful im- ' broglio before he married your mother ; and the only , real possessions your v mother ever had in this house were her • two husbands and her five girls." • The laugh in the doctor's eyes came a ' little moire to the surface as he went on: ' " She] bequeathed her five girls to me, ' her second husband. A bequest surely _ means possession, and possession means ' —\vell, at least, the power to advise." j- TinaVfacewas crimson. Her long, ~4&rk; lashes which, iri company -with the leyesthey were .helping to veil, were the j/chief beauty of her 6mall, peaked face, Wyere suddenly lifted, -and she looked V half- indignantly, half-wistfully at her ; young step-father, • wAll kinds of unpleasant feelings had visited her as she listened. The truths ' just jn'entioned to her by the doctor ' were _ not. altogether , new to her. '"She had been old ! enough at the . time . of her mother's: second marriage to catch up, and be hurt \- by, scraps of conversation among '•servantsand certain of her mother's • lady friends. She remembered, too, • how much' better - life had been for 1 herself and her sistfeirs' after the young 4 doctor, appeared on the scene and her ; ihother had figured as, Mrs. Morris, .instead of as Mrs. West. Neveir before, ...iioweyer, had the ghost of a h'int.of this ^: seamy side of tlie Ijf e which Dr. Morris ; .and , his step- daughters had spent to- ., getber for thirteen years dropped from ji him, and she was thoroughly .puzzled < :by his present mood. Looking at him, •* her cheeks lost their -sudden rash of " Colour, and herlittle fair face gradually "sunned itself -Over : with the expression 1 " >of camaraderie which years of half- ^fatherly, half-brotherly friendliness had ^atfght the little doctor's step-daughter ,3t> wear to .him. V " X allow you to advise me," she smiling, in spite of herself, at £ -the half-teasing,:; half-earnest manner he had quietened down to. "I only re-, -fused to take the advice,and any girl over -. twenty-one, let her circumstances be 1 what they may, should, be considered * free to refuse anything so unsuitable. 0 .Why, the very term you used just now f; : in speaking of Mr. Clinton shows the 4 1 imsuitableness. You called him 'Old ;„ ^^ntpn, , M she finished* ,'. t : - vDr. Morris swung round on his heel, ', his fi'ockrcoat flying out it a tangent In 4 -company. .Tyith the pince-nez, which he . • still, held , dangling between finger and r thumb, and laughed heartily. "Con- * found it, Tina, I used tbe adjective as s mi expi^ssion of affection, don't you know. Of course, a man of. thirty-eight ' isn't In his first youth—he' isn't raw * exactly; but Clinton is as sound as a bell. -I am speaking/professionally, you Understand. I sounded him a month ago ; for an Assurance . Company, and I can tell,his life is a lot .safer than that of iftariy a lad of twenty-two or three, who luay have all sorts of seeds of disease larking about him ready to declare ;' themselves in a year or two." "What a Way of looking at it!" said " Tina, with a disgusted air, walking „ away to a window, and staring down into r the jStreet of the. quaint, country town. Dr.Morrisdropped his pince-nez, and u. in a .moment. of forgetfulness of professional dignity, stuffed his hands into his trouser pockets., 1 "Look here,": said he, "regarding resentfully the wisp of a slender figure at the window;" when it suits you to do bo. you 6peak of my thirty-nine years with the utmost disrespect." ; " You're different," said Tina, without looking round. " You're not bald, and you've not got a, front tooth out. "I've 6jx false oneb," unblushingly confessed the doctor. "Well, you're not"wanting to marry somebody of my age," said Tina. The doctor bit hi* lip for a second, ( tb&i; coolly remarked, " Yes, t am." ' Tina turned ~ocr.d.'her, handselling Ircm tleir. us playing with, the .. : blind-tassel, and each clutching a small handful of the long, straight folds of :. ber pretty dress. The doctor strode . across and placed her a chair. Tina * sat down in it—she wasn't able to do anytHlngelse—and shyly looked up into hte face. The doctor's fresh colour became even fresher in hue. "I am presently, pre-sent-ly," he added,reassuringly,with, . a downward glance at Tina's upturned face, "to marry Miss Ada Lavington, . Banker Lawngton's eldest daughter:" Tina sankback in the chair with a muffled little " Ob, dear!" then sat suddenly up again, with a quick flash of temper, » Oh, I do so dislike her," she said. "I know you do, my dear," said the doctor, cheerily and calmly, using much the tone in which he might casually have mentioned that the wind was in the north-cast; "therefore, there are complications in what would otherwise have been simplicity itself." " Jack, Jack, coom along t' chuch, t' chuch!" interrupted a strident voice. The sound came from the direction of .a second window in the drawing-room ; the window overlooked a garden, and t was supplied with a balcony, on the' jaUolwhichhcmg ft.^ke^cage. JTHQ jage ought to Taave~ contained ~a jackdaw, but did not, as the jackdaw was coming with a hop and throe strides alternately across the drawing-room carpet towards Tina, bringing each three strides to a neat finish with the pertinent remark, " jack, Jack, coom along t' chuch, t' chitch!" "Jack, you bad bird! you've opened that cage-door again." Tina held her hand oat invitingly to the sleek, longbeaked creature, then, as the undertaker-looking object reached her side, she bent forward and what she called pulled his hair,"—that is, the silken, unfeatherlike plumage at the top of the jackdaw's head. The doctor looked on with uneasiness depicted on his countenance; he was making a mental calculation as to how long it would be before the fiend in feathers," as he called it, attacked his boots. Between these articles of attire and the jackdaw there were permanent hostilities. ' It seemed to me," he began again, with a dry cough, " that the propos&l; of dear old Clinton was a special Interposition of Providence, since Miss .Lavington declares she will be glad to share my efforts to make my younger stepchildren happy, but that she has no hope of succeeding in anything of the kind with you." " I see," said Tiha.it must be confessed, little viciously; " she proposes to get a\vay frdm her own step-mother by becoming one herself." The doctor's mouth twitched comically at .the corners. No, I proposed it," he said, strategically ; compounding with ".jTack " for an attack just about to-be commenced on his boots, by pitching the bird a sixpence, whereupon Jack flew, with his prize, to the lap of his mistress, and there, standing in-the centre of her spread-out pocket-handkerchief, proceeded to display how much a living jackdaw can' look like a dead, stuffed one, when the part is taken by a bird of talent. ' Why, ' Ada liivington, when her father married again, went about everyi where saying how horrid it was oi Mrs. Fair lei gh to consent to become the stepmother of . grown-up • step-daughters," broke out Tina again, with a fresh outburst of indignation. " Did she ? " said the doctor. "It is always possible to change one's opinion, and Miss Lavingtori's relations with her stepmother have proved so satisfactory, that it must have been most encouraging, most encouraging." The little doctor's tone was half- facetious,. but there was a hurt look on his face, and the next instant his clean shaven lips tightened, in a way which argued that he had not quite <lone with Tina. "I ihink l nmy say," be began again, accordingly, " that Miss Lavington .views the'right or wrong acceptance of my suit more with regard to her iiappiness and mine than to her position asthe wife of a step-father." Tina received the shpt in a vulnerable part. " Oh, this is dreadful," she said, " I see it, is different. Oh, we must all go away." . She had just balanced Jack's sixpence on the top of his head, and now, excited to' emulation by the slight raising of her voice, v he, with that ungraceful conversational action peculiar to jackdaws, pumped out of himself, as it were, the words : " Go away, go 'long." The jerking of the head downward sent the sixpence rolling across the room,'and the doctor, , who was of an orderly turn of mind, went in pursuit of it, . : ' . " Kb, you are not all to go away," he answered, meaningly, as he returned, pocketing the sixpence as he came, in spite of the longing in Jack's acquisitive, stony eye. "But this conversation has given me" ho reason to alter my previous idea,;that either by marrjing Clinton—I don't know why he's fool enough to want you—or by some other means, it would be desimble for you, under thecircumstancesof my approaching marriage, to make a start in life for yourself," Tina sprang to her feet, sending the unprepared jackdaw, ,with cut wings outspread, headlong to the floor, a strong -instinct of self-preservation fusing him to retire ImiTiedly, cawing as he went, ? to the empty cage. Dr. Morris followed the bird across the cai'pet, shiit the window it passed trough.. with a bang, and then faced round again. ; "Tina," he said, "upon my word, I feel ready to knock myself down for saying it to you; but, I've no die to say: it for me, and you must see that there's no- reason in life why a man of thirty-nine (the rest of the world doesn't, like yotf, look oh a man of that age as on the 1 verge of decrepitude) should devote himself quite to the end of his life solely to five big girls for whom he has already done all he can. Your four sisters, I am quite sure, will rub'along well enough with the lady tc whom I propose giving a portion of my regard ; but you, I foresee, -will hot." " You and she, then, only want me out of the way," Said Tina,panting for breath in'the little gust of temper which foi the moment look possession of her. " Well, I will not marry Mr. Clinton to oblige thai girL" / "You will not'marry Mr. Clinton; I will see you do not," said the doctor, white in his .turn. "The poor fellow must be blind to want to share the rest of his days with an. undisciplined, big chil<d like you." . Tina broke down.; she was even now beginning to .be ashamed of herself. With a panting sob, tears rained down behind the two small hands she raised to hide them. There was a rap at the door, and when Tina bent down, as if to look for a piece of music, in reality to hide her streaming face, a-servant came in. " Please, sir, there's a gratis-patient in the consulting-room, and the assistant isn't back yet." The doctor strode ont and shut the door after him. Chapter If.—Tina's Tboubles. " 1 had no idea, I tell yoU" Tina, when she made this statement, was . sitting with, if the trutu must be told, her face fearfully unpresentable from past crying, at a little afternoon tea-table, pouring out tea. She was handing a cup of tea to Frances, the eldest of. her four tall, slim sisters, the whole of whom were sitting here ; and there about an upper room, specially their own,to which they had had their tea sent, in consideration of the privacy needed for Tina's swollen face, and the importance of the matters to be talked over. The West girls were astonishingly like each other, all the same tall, slight, prettily-featured,big-eyed creatures, one a little thinner, one a little taller, one younger, and one" : older and firmerlooking somehow. Frances Was the one firmer-looking. "It was very idiotic of you not to have an idea," she answered, with sisterly frankness and some doubt of her sister's sincerity. You are the only one of us who hadn't, unless ' Chinee' is excepted," she added, with a bright smile towards the youngest, whose abnormally thicjc_an<\ l®ng taU <of hair not yet turned up) had earned for hei that sobriquet. " I knew that Mr. Clinton cared for Tina," that young lady quietly returned, looking steadfastly at her elder relative's blurred countenance. But I didn't know the doctor cared for that nice Miss Lavington. I never thought of his lik>'ng anybody but us." " It's disgusting," was Tina's answer. No, it isn't, but it's disturbing," corrected Frances, who was the philosopher of the family. " Cream-muslin, with maize-colour, is the fashionable thing for bridesmaids' dresses," hazarded tall Bangles, staring across the room with a speculative and somewhat covetous air; "and it does afterwards for garden-parties." "You can have that for the other wedding," said Tina, with affected bitterness. "I am not to be offered up at the altar of Miss Lavington's convenience, or at any other altar." . A shrill " ke-ake" struck on everybody's ears from somewhere below, and a smile, for the first time since the conversation in the drawing-room, gleamed across Tina's—not at this moment particularly charming—features. " That bird is loose again somewhere," she observed, as if sne expected the circumstance .to give general pleasure ; "he must have heard the jingle, of the spoons and things. He's wanting his cake—I'll go for him." And she ran downstairs. Before leaving the room to weep in greater seclusion, Tina had reopened the -window which the doctor had shut; and Jack, in consequence, wa"6 now perched on the back of a chair, mentioning his wants to his own sympathetic ears. . : A few minutes later, with Jack ih her arms, confined to the more limited space of his wicker cage, Tina "was crossing from the drawing-room to the foot of tbe stairs again. Suddenly she heard some one let in at the street door; a familiar step in the hall below, and as famib'ar a voice saying: " Hullo, there you are! How are you, old fellow ? I just looked in, incase you werepreventedfrom turn? ing up at the Lavmgtons to-night, to put you in mind of that County pouncil meeting. Thought over that suggestion of Squire Holton's, eh ? " Involuntarily she looked for a second over the balustrade, just in time to see two hands grasp each othe? heartily, and a tall, broad- shouldered man, with heavy dark moustache, pass across the door-mat of the consulting-room, on the threshold of which her step-father stood. The door shut them in, and she -mounted the stairs, heralded all the way by Jack's demand for " ke-ake." " He has just come, in," she informed the tea-drinkers, while depositing the cage conveniently for Jack's being able : to seethe passers-by in the street below, and to choose those he deemed suitable for his adjuring: to " coom along" or " go 'long' —that is, errand- boys or any bo^ in working clothes, corduroys being the key-hote of a really enthusiastic' outburst of invitation. '' He gave you Jack," somewhat irrelevantly remarked the Chinee; "he said there was no one to care for Jack after his mother died, and would you be the bird's mistress ? " "Well?"said Tina. Frances's mouth puckered into a smile. " Chinee," she said, reprovingly, " you are too sharp for anything. But I know what Chinee means," she owned, handsomely, with a wave of her hand. " You say you had not the slightest idea that Mr. Clinton would ever think of you. If you had looked at him on the occasion of which Chinee speaks you would, have. had one. If only you had looked at his face as he spoke, you would have understood. But that is the curious thing,"she went on; "you hardly ever do look at anybody when they are speaking to you. You open your eyes innocently wide (Frances gave a very successful illustration with her own large grey ones), and ptare straight past them. Perhaps you are devoting your , undivided attention to the composing of. an answer." . . . There can be no doubt that Tina was looking at this particular, speaker by the time this point was reached. Perhaps a more nervous lecturer than Frances might have wished it otherwise. " I do look at people," Tina asserted, vaguely. "Oh, yes, perhaps, once in a conversation," returned Frances, nothing daunted. " You will look deep into the other person's eyes as if you would read their very soul, but. you don't read it, you know." She finished with brisk emphasis. "There! look at her now," sheadded, in reference to the fact that Tina had already drifted into the habit of which mention was being-made, her gaze travelling dreamily past Frances's shoulder, the poise of the small head giving the fair, little face a rapt, saintly expression most becoming, but most unreliable as giving anindex to Tina's mood. "I know,' went on Frances, throwing an appealing glance round, " that she is probably thinking of what I am saying; but I defy her, while she is watching thai bluebottle on the Window-pane, to set the expression of face with which I mb saying it, and people often say one thing with their tongue while they say anothez with their eyes." " Well, theyshouldnot." Tina disposed of the information without troubling to ascertain whether in this particular instance Frances's voice was saying one thing and her aspect anoth er. ' " Tea!" broke in Celestine, otherwise Excelsior, who was sitting at the othei side of the room, with her bronze shoes, rather too much en evidence, crossed daintily, her dress-skirt somehow dragged tightly round the shapely ancles appearing above the preposterously highheeled shoes—" tea. Half a cup, and don't put in two lumps of sugar. Frank goes to the other extreme," she added, consolingly, as Bangles, who had taken Tina's place at the table, filled the cup. " Frank hardly ever believes a word people say with their tongues. It would be a relief to her, I should think, to live in a deaf and dumb asylum. She listens with her eyes." " Wbat a shower!" Interrupted Tina, as a quick patter of summer rain, coming through a haze of tender, golden tight, aroused the apprehension of her friend the bluebottle, who was now meandering undecidedly across a higher pane of the window. To BE CONTINUED President Lincoln said once that the best story he had ever read in the papers of himself was this:— Two Quakeresses were travelling on a railroad, and were heard discussing the probable termination of the war. " I think," said the first, " that Jefferson will succeed." " Why does thee think so?' asked the other. " Because Jefferson is a praying man." "And so is Abraham a praying man," objected the second. "Yes, but the Lord will think Abraham is joking," the .first replied, A clerk, who was also a schoolmaster, being called on to give a toast produced this sentiment: " Addition to the mends of Old lEnglaxid, subtraction to her wants, mnltiplication $0 her blessings, division aipong Wjbes, find redactiOTi'Of fa& debts ana tiaSSSSj T " 