SHREDS AND PATCHES. (Bt Akgus.) The honourable Tom never bets. When at Flemington eome years ago, so history recordeth, he informed Mr Joseph Thomp son that although ho ran horses he never made a wager. Joseph was so impressed with what the honourable «portsman told him that, raising his hat to him he said, * Si*»_T totcVi fliflvo wor*n mfliiTT tYini*a lita you in Australia/ Subsequently Joe gave his own version of this little experience, somewhat after the following fashion : — ' Bein' on the look out for a joke, In order to keep things a rollin' I picked on an innocent bloke, Who down near the 'osses was strollin' That's 'im said Ike Mo with a wink, Which upset my composure to tally ; My eye, his condition is pink, An' they calls 'im Saint Tom of Entally. So I bails up my man with ' good day, I'm Joe T — who can give the straight griffen ; I can tell yer the best odds to lay And won't put yer on to a stiff 'un. So wot will yer back for this race ? Biz is slack, so jest help us to rally, I'm told yer a rare'un for pace Although yer Saint Tom of Entally.' Saint Tom,. he looks up in my phiz — When he puts on that a mile he's a terror — A.n' says he, Joseph T — , the fact is Ter committin' a bloomin' big error. I race, but I never will bet I go in for mere sport principal, A wager was never made yet By straight going Tom of Entally. I may look at nap — as a guide To show how the wicked stake money ; But then my true feelings I hide So banish that twinkle so funny. I takes off my 'at to the bloke, An' said his advice I would vally. Wot a world if all sportirg mokes Was plungers like Tom of Entally. In selecting juveniles for the forth coming production of 'Les Cloches de Corneville' 'Hair Siebare,'as my strictly correct friends term the well known con ductor of the Orpheus Orchestral Society, had some rather amusing experiences. One youthful aspirant based his claims for operatic distinction on the ground that he could ' throw three back somersaults run ning.' The 'Hair' quietly informed the ambitious one that ' Lea ClocheB ' was not a circus, and recommendtd him to await the arrival of Messrs Fitzgerald Bros ere he made his debut before an indulgent Lannceston public. Another youth whose services were accepted in the chorus, was detected ' loafing ' in the rear. ' You there, vy do you not aing ? demanded the con ductor ? Vat is de use of you if you vill not open your moudt ? Tell me — cannot you sing oudfc ven you are doing somethings else. I make sure you cry oudt loud enough ven you are at play — haf you no voice at all ? ' Tes, please sir/ came from one of the companions cf the silent one, ' he's got an awful voice— he's a football ? barracker.' 'Ha!' exclaimed the 'Hair,1 excitedly ' you are vat dey calls a football parracker — veil you please now ' parrack ' for me a leetle— sing oudfc just as if you vas on the football groundt. Once more if you please ladies and gentlemen.' The chorus vai resumed, but the effect produced by the new addition was, to say the least, startling. The ?barracker,1 adopting his ' professional ' tones, gave the tuneful lines of the opera in much the same style as if he was working his hardest during an exciting period of a ' City versus Launceston ' match. There was a decided ' wir» in, City-' ring about his lusiy ton«B, which threw his fifty odd com-, panions into hopeless confusion, and fora moment the cry of the 'barracker' reigned supreme. A vigorous rat-tat from the conductor's iaton however, brought the chorus to a standstill, and Herr Siebert calling tho supportar of the ' City ' from the ranks addressed him thusly: — ' Mine frient, ve are rehearsing an opera, not a football match.— vill you kindly retire, ve vant singers here, not ' parrackers.' The adherent of the winter game made his exit, and I am glad to learn that my old friend the Herr has now got considerably over half a hundred harmonious voioes working assiduously to help bis production along. They were three ancient cronies — jolly old ' three bottle ' fellows, whom the observant passer-by may often see holding edifying converse one with another in the classic precincts of Farrelly's corner. Jumpkins took a ticket in an art union for an oil painting valued at thirty guineas. Breezytile was an awfully lucky fellow witk the dice, and Jumpkins accordingly deputed his jovial chum to throw for him. The throw came oft in due course, Jump kins not putting in an appearance, trusting all to the proverbial good fortune of ' Breezy.' The latter as usual won, and, asked the third of the festive trio, 'yclept r-o Ding ton, zo taKe cnarge or me picture and see it was delivered to Jumpkins. Bobington undertook the duty, and a few days afterwards met Jumpkins in Brisbane street. ' Oh, by-the-by,Jumpy, I want to see you. I've got that painting round at my place. By (jingo, old fellow, you don't often drop across a pal who can win thirty guinea pictures for you.' ? Ah ! thanks, my boy,' replied the delighted Jumpkins, under the impression that Bob ington had been responsible for the successful throw. ' You deserve something for your kindness; accept this little cheque.' Bobington ? winked the other eye,' took the cheque, which was for two guineas, and nothing more was heard about the matter until two weeks ago, when the trio were discussing in company with several friends, the Y.D.L. Lottery Bill.sweeps, raffleB, and sundry other things ' By jove,' remarked Breezytile, ' I believe I'm the luckiest fellow with the dice going. I won a turkey the other evening and about two months ago I threw the winning number in the art union for my old friend Jumpkins here.' 'What ! exclaimed the astounded Jumpkinp, ? you threw the ivories. Why hang it all, mam, I gave Bobington two guineas under the impression that he won. the picture for me !' Quick, curtain please, for ' the rest is silenoe.' The laying of the hearthstone ghost at the Hobart kospital has suddenly brought in to prominence one venturesome Bugby,a daring reckless human, who casting fco the four winds all fear of consequences, boldly bearded the spirit in its own cupboard hearthstone I should say. A poemlet please to immortalise the deeds of the doughty Bugby. Tf ho boldly faced that haunted room, Despite its gruesome spirit gloom ? Who lured the hearthstone ghost to doom? Brave Bugby. Who is he whose name high sounding Along the aisles of fame is bounding, Who ghosts unto their lairs ia hounding ? Why Bugby. Whose name is of romance romantic, A. teacher bold, though not pedantic, Who weans all ghosts from wierdaome antic Brave Bugby. Whose deeds are heralded by fame f Bold Bugby— Phoebus, what a name Whos^act set ghoBtland all aflame ? Why Bugby's. He was manager of a travelling variety compasy touring the back country of sunny New South WalcB. One morning he reached a email ont-of-the-way mining township at which the company was to perform that night. Following the usual conne adopted by travelling managers, he asked the landlord of the hostelry at which he put np as to the prospect of his getting a good house in the evening. ' Well, sorr/ remarked: The O'Planagan, stroking his chin dubiously, ' I'm afeared yez 'ull not hev a big 'un. Now, av yez hed only been here three days apono je'd hev hed a fcoomer.' ' Why 10 P' queried the manager. * Well, ye see,' explained The O'F., ' that' was the day av Mick Murphy's funeral, an ye can't bate a funeral for drawin' the bfaoya from around about into the town fthip. Sure, the poor fellows was Bpoilin' 'for a bit av harmless divaraion in the eroning.' One theatrical story naturally reminds me of another. When the American tra gedian William E. Sheridan, probably one of the best Shakesperian scholars of modern times, was delighting hundreds of playgoera with his clever impersonation of 'King Lear.' at the Operi House, Auck land, a somewhat humorous incident occurred. It appears that about twelve months -orior to W. E. Sheridan's arrival in New Zealand, J. F. Sheridan,the 'Widdy O'Brien ' impersonators very different class of performer, did a successful tour of the colony with ' Fun on the Bristol.' The cons«quence was that tho two Sheridans were sometimes confounded one wibh the other. The first night of ' King Lear,' the Opera House was crowded., the pit espe cially being full to overflowing. Many of the 'pittites,' however, judging from .the following conversation recorded as having taken place during one of the intervals, were somewhat disappointed at the pro duction : — First Pittite : ' Say, Bill, wat yer think o' this 'ere Sheridan ? Blowed if I reckon 'im an hactor at all.' Second Pittite : ' Oh 7ie's all right, Tom j ic ain't the actor as is hinferior, it's the piece, I don't know the cove as wrote 'King Lear,' bat my wori, old chap, you should see this 'ere Sheridan in ' Fun on the Bristol.' That's the play for my money.' Centralisation of police has filled the air l»fs«ly,and vigorous have been the municipal protests .against tke passage of ' that bill.' The Soss councillors got upon the warpath on Saturday, evening last, and meta phorically speaking, took ' three falls ' out of centralisation, and all other things appertaining thereunto. Councillor R. C. Kermode, however, constituted himself into a somewhat active opposition of one, and ipoke a few words on behalf of the measure. . ' It is a notable fact,' urged oppositionist Kermode, 'that two successive \ Governments have each in turn introduced a bill for tho centralisation of police. If the system were not a sound one, why ?hould they have done so ?' This unex pected shot was apparently a bit of a facer for the majority until Mr Thomas Parra more came to the rescue with a well-timed -interjection to the effect that the reason lay in the fact that both Governments wanted to raise cash badly. This proved a knock-out blow for the opposition, and a motion condemning the bill wa3 carried triumphantly. 