CHAPTEU XX. SUSPENSE. Captain Dunning p;used, arrested by the. imperativeness of the call, thrilled in spite of his conviction that Sibyl's mind was unsettled by the startling nature of her. assertions. 'I!hen he caught sight of Malam Suel's face. ^ An agony of fear was on it. "• Go, go, go !'■' she breathed to him, with white lips, iiitiag bath hands, trembling with excitement. ^ He hesitated an instant, then went hur riedly on, driven by the awful ioree of that anguished appeal almost against his judgment. Madam Ruel swept like a tornado across the wide hall, and tip the velvet stairway to where Sibyl stood. Half a dozen servants, hearing something unusual, had rushed to the spot, and were staring with all their might, i Ac an angry gesture from madam they ' retired- precipitately, but not beyond I hearing. - ... . - ! J '• A few more exhibitions of this kind,"i j said Madam Ruel, fiercely, to her lovely daugiicer-in-law, and no specialist will he needed to decide upon the question of your insanity." Sibyl scarcely heard"her. She was look-, iug- with an emotion almost of despair after Captain Dunning s receding figure. iivideiitiy he regarded her warning as the wild talk of a crazy woman only.. Would apy one ever believe her again? " How much longer are you. goin^ to stand here for the servants to stare at? '" madam asked, angrily. Sibyl - withdrew her gloomy gaze from watching the.distance, where Captain Dun ning had vanished. Madam Ruel,' she said, in low, solemn tones, '- 'you liafte me I know, "but i can't belipve you are bad enough to want mur deridone in this bouse/' Madam btarted violently, and caughtr at the: banister, as if to save herself from falling. "Go up stairs !" she hissed, in more oitter tones than before, " You must be ! mad, indeed, to.say such things." hi byi s dark, gloomy gaze rested wonder ingly oh-Jier;countenance a moment; then, ! withoubj&ilother; word, she turned and left ber. ti' Vf" Madam ltuel went, witli slow, dragging steps and.,heavy heart, back . to wliere J asper ahd'Belle anxiously awaited her. [ J asp er.hopked' wit ir gloomy, angry looks to her a®ouiit of what had passed. An expression i of absolute ^terror- came into his eyes, when she told what Sibyl had said about his being Rick Halsey. "Hood heavens!" he cried. "What sliali be done with her ? She is not safe to be at liberty, she may say the same thing to anyone. It is a shame she got into the library and heard what Hunning was after I shciRdrpiink "you might have kept her out." # ■ -1' ■ " " - " She was already there when - X went in. The- mischief was already done"' said his mother.1 " All I eoiild do was to tell him she was crazy." / " Did he believe you ?" i." He seemed ; to. What in the world made ycu-teep such a letter- as that ? 1 should think you would have destroyed it the instant you had read it." "So should J,' said Jasper, sullenly; v' buit it seems I didn't." '* IVell, itssJhat letter that has done' the mischief." v " Perhaps' no niiscliief-'is Sone/'-'-ehid Belle. "H he . thinks Sibyl-is insane, lie won't pay-any-attention to what she said. if he goes to Columbus, as he spoke of doing, we shall know there is no harm done." " 1 don't believe he will go." "He said he. should, and I think he meant it." bo dol,j , .tail Belle. " But it is easy" enough nuding out whether he does or not.'1 " How ?" : " By watching him." "Id like to know .who is going to do the watching?' Jasper growled. " I will.i' :.j. ■ . - ■ - Y '• You 7" be exclaimed, contemptuously. And madam looked frightened, belle shrugged ber shoulders. '■ I can fix myself up-so he will not know me. I am good at that sort of thing. Be jsides, there;is .no need-of his. seeing me. Shall 1 go-?" ■ ' ' 6 " y«, I. .suppose so," said Jasper, .nn giacionsly. "it's a risk, but we've got to find out somehow what becomes of him. You are not going to play me any double game, are you, Belle 2" ,i "Well, not .this afternoon," shfe said] slowly. " I can't promise for the future." Belle looked expressively at- Madam lie el1 as she left the room to prepare, and madam followed her. - : How is my Junhappy son '"madam q'ues tioned in & brekUiies-j whisper. ' Doing better than I expected," Belle answered. But don't let Jasper have any "money. He is sure to ask-.you, and there is "mischief brewing- between him-'and Doctor Yarle. If you-want to-stop--it, don't give him any money." . Belle spoke in a whisper,"too. Mad.im shuddered. She thought of Sibyl's dreadful'words. . "Net" a penny," she said, clenching her ■teeth.' . 6 Jasper waited till Belle. had gone, and 'then sure.enough he did ask his mother for money, so large a sum—five hundred dollars that her blood .turned chiliy-in her veins. .'."What can yon'"want that sum of money for, Jasoer ?" she asked. I want it, aDd that is enough. I want i; te-nieht. too." he said, surlily. '■ To-niaht!" Madam Kuel fairly gasped. She-shook-her head slowly, and withou« speaking. . . Ja-per looked at her, with-Markly-angn impatient eyes. 1 owe it to old Varle, if you must know." he said, " though I doii't see-'what" difference it makes." Madam uttered an exclamation of horror. , " You can't have five hundred dollars from me lo give to him." she said, bitterly. •' Why not t© Mm in particular?" he asked, sneeringly. *' Because you can't owe him any suchsutr. as that for any good purpose." " Oh, indeed. We'l, what bad purpost could T owe to him for ? Come, talk it right out!" ' 1 will not give you the money." 1 You must, mother, if you want Ken to set well," he said, a little less ill- naturedh than he had spoken before. "I promised D ctor Yarle five hundred down as soon as "he got here if he would undertake the case. "It is a-desperate one, you know, and the situation is desperate. We can't take up the whole time of a physician like Yarle, and keep the business a secret, too, for nothing. Be reasonable now,-movher. You know I have nomoney. Belle has got it all." "I will not let you.hive the money," madam repeated once more. " Very well—don't, then l" he said, angrily. " You've got some nonsense in your head about Varle that you had better get out of if if you -want Ken ever to be welt again. Yarle won't stay without money." " Thank God!" madam exclaimed, fer vently. "I will tbank God on my knees the hour that spectre-faced demon is out of my house 1" " Youare a fool!"• Jasper ground out be tween his teeth, and went out-of the room, shutting the door with a bang that echoed over the house. He did not know what to do with himsell till Belle came back. He did not like to leave the upper floor or to go out of doors, lest Captaiu Datming might return and ran across him. Belle was gone a long time. It grew dark. He was worried and anxious. Madam Ruel came out into the hall now and then, where he was walking back and forth ceaselessly. She looked troubled, too, but she di l not speak to him. He started to go and have a conference with Doctor Yarle, but as be came in sight of the door, Sybil Prince emerged from the shadows and faced him, pale as a - ghost, and with strange, menacing eyes. He went into his own apartments at last. " Uurse these women, anyway!" he muttered, as he stamped about over the richly-carpeted floor. " If it is not one, it is another. If I had that money now, I don't know but I would throw up the whole business here and run for it. Why don t Belle come? I swear I begin to be afraid she has gone back on me 1 " No. she wouldn't do that," he corrected himself, after a pause. " She is too fond of me. I wish I knew positively whether she lias that money. But I don't, and I don t know how to find out. She would be just as likely to pretend she had it when she had ^ never seen it as any other way. And if she has it, I couldn't make her give it up unless she chose, to save my life. 1 don t believe she knows what fear is. Nothing short of killing would ever conquer her." He ground out a savage oath as he 'flung .himself into a big, purple-cushioned easy chair and sat scowling. There came a soft tap upon the door. "Come in 1" he called, irritably. It was Belie. She made an exquisite pic ture as she stood there, framed in the door way. The flame of the gas-jet near lighted up the bronzy, glittering hair, and made the | gleaming eyes look like emerald stars; ^ Come inside and shut the door, can t you ?" Jasper said, with nervous impatience. *• Yon don't suppose 1 want the whole house to hear what I am saying ?" Why noi ?' Belle retorted, provokingly, as she came in and closed the door. ; • What made yon so long? Hashe gone?'' asked Jasper, eagerly. Belle nodded. , " 1 had to wait till after dark to find ">ut. ■ He has only just now gone away, on the stage that ruus to the junction. I^begau to; be afraid he was coming bark here." '■ Not gone till now 1" Jasper exclaimed. •' What has be been doing?" . •' Going about the town, questioning people slyly about the situation up here at J the Hall." ~ - I Jasper blanched. 1 *• Suspicious, eh. ? That looks baa. Bocae.] of my mother's blundering of couree. 1 won-ier if he found out anything ? "I don't think so. The sentiment of the rillage seems to be all one way. Mrs Ken rick Prince is supposed to have been made crezv bv the injuries she received in the smash-up, and, it John Dunning had any doubts on the subject before he questioned ] ih^se p1 ople, 1 don't think he has any now. J jasper looked at her curiously. J " Weil, what is it ?" she asked. Why co j you look at me that way ? . . ■_ ,- -< " You always call your father John Dunning now," he said. " I don't intend to disgrace him by ever calling him father again while. you ate alive," Belle said, calmly. "No?" .he questioned. " Perhaps you expect, to outlive me ?" " [ think 1 shall, in spite of you, Belle said, very quietly, but litting a gaze to his ] face that somehow made him feel chilly. " I wonder." he said, trying to throw off theluncomfortable seusation, "if Dunning will come back here aud uy again, after lit has done Colum bus to his satisfaction ? . " Most certainly," Belle returned, moving toward the door. " Wait a minute 1 Jasper exclaimed. 1 want to talk to you about that money." " Do you mean that you want to choke me about, it ?" she asked, drily: Jasp-r looked like a rhuuder-cloud for; moment. Then he forced, an awkward, con strained kind of a laugh. ' " dee here, Belie," said he, "what is the use of being in a muss ail the time ? Let us kiss and make up." " With all my heart 1" sne answered. And, tming back to" him, she laid a 'nam: lightly on his shoulder,;and, leaniug ovei him as he sat, touched his lips with hers. ^ \- Jasper - Vrince- shuddered -violently and drew back, looking up at her with eyes o't wonder and almost fear. • " What is the matter with ypn? he de manded, sharply. " I don't want any moie kisses like that one. Your lips are colder than icicles." , ... - "Belle laughed a little—a laugh as chill as the kiss had been. Jasper continued to 3ook a.t,faer. ^ ^ "What a queer girl you/are!" he said,-] slowly. " The queerest girl I ever- knew the queerest ever made, 1-tlo believe.": _ Belie made'mo answer, only 6lood giving him back gaze for" ga'ze, calm,-- level, fokM an 1 with that .-strange something in the J deptbBof ihecimoas loveLy ijes-thaf made him vaguely'fiheqmfortable, .. (To be continued.) 