SMILES. -4-- Ur to snuff-a nose. Makirig'tracks-Crow's feet. Going to seed-the canary bird. Down in the world-Coal mines. Job's.comforter-IHis neck muffler. Bent on disappearing-The rainbow. The washbrwoman, like the poet,-sponds a good deal of time over a line, and finds life full of hard rubs. Honey bees drove a grocer out of his store, in their esigerness to absorb his sugar. But in about 10 minutes they became so weighted with sand that they fell to the floor, and the grocer swept them out. ' Tommy; what are you doing in the poul try yard !': cried Mrs. Rural to her offspring, who was mixing poisonous colours with the chickens' drinking water. 'I'm trying to make the hens lay? Easter eggs,'he leplied. Policeman : ' orry, miss, but no dogs are allowed in the park.' Miss Dogpetter: ' Why not ?' Policeman: ' That's our orders. I suppose the Park Commnissioners are afraid dogs might bark the trees.' Tom i.' How irb you getting on with your bicycle riding?' 'Dick: 'I spend most: of my time getting on.' Tragedian : ' I only know two bad actors.' Critic : 'Who is the other one ?' Jinks : 'When burglars were in your house the other night did Mrs. Filkins look under the bed for a man?' :i'ilkins :.'Yes; and found one, tob:!' Jrik:?s:' Oneiof the burglars?' Filkins: .'No,ý.me.' Bilkins (suffering from a. heavy cold): 'I met forty-five different acquaintances this morning, and just forty-four of them told me of somei sure cure for a cold.' W"ife: 'Didn't the fLr5.y-fifth offer any idvito?' Bilkinut 'No. He had a cold himself.' Mamma : ' Now, Robbie, this rich cake is very unhcalthyiand I- ' Robbie: ' Well, s'pose we put. itright obit of its miser:, mamma?' Housewife: 'Isn't this milk adulterated, mister? Just see what a bluish appearance it has.' Milkmafi: ' Not at all, madam; that's its natural appearance. I pasture my cows on blue grass.'. Inquirinig philosopher: To what do you attribute the increasing number of old maids hereabouts? Astute native : I couldn't quite say, but seems to nme as if it might be due to the increasin' number of old bachelors about hlere.' Jinks.: ' Hullo ! Well, I am surprised ! Studying a book of etiquette, eh?' Old Gruff : 'Yes.' Jinks: ' Want to learn how to treat folk politely, ch 9' Old Groiff: NNaw. Want to find out whether folks ar reeatiing me politely.' Hoe : 'If there is anything I detest it's a flirty woman.' She : ' Humph.! Why not a flirty man ?' He; ' Oh, well, i man has some excuse. Women are so attractive, you know.' Mistress: 'It appears to be that you are entertaining a good many male callers in the kitchen.' New Girl: 'Yes'm;. bit yeh needn't be scared, mum. I ain't going to marry any of 'em' , ' And is tihe air healthy here ?' asked a. visitor at a mountain resort. ' Excellent, sir, excellent. One can become a centenarian here in a little while.' Doctor: ' How did you t-ake such a cold ?' Chappie: ' I don't know, weally. I haven't stirred from the fire for a week, don't you know. But, bah Jove, now I wemember! Yesterday awfternoon I wead an article'in the papah about Nansen's pwepawations for his next Awtie expedition.' ' You look sleepy. You must have been up with the boys last night.' ' I was. We have twins at our house.' 'Now, supposing I borrowed a sovereign from you, that would represent capital, mouldn't it?' 'Yes.' 'But, supposing, after a while, you wanted to get it back-' 'That would represent labour.' Goodun: 'The wages of sin is death.' :Badun: ' Yes; and when they are paid it is a fellow's own ghost that walks.' ' When a. woman,' says Mrs.'Partington, ' has once married with -a congealing heart; and one that beats responsible to her own, she will never want to enter the maritime state again.' Bibbe : ' Jenkins is a man who has a great deal of dry humour about him.' Jabbs: ' I should cay so. I have bought him a dozen drinks in an evening, and he kept getting drier all the time.' She : ' I do so love this delightful weather -this beautiful, bright sunshine !' He : ' And I abominate it ! I'm in the coal trade, you knowV, and all this miserable fine weather just plays the deuce with it.' Guest: ' Say, waiter, are you positive that this is wild duck I am eating?' Waiter: 'Oh, yes, sir; so wild, in fact, we had to chase it round the back yard for fifteen minutes before we could catch it.' Detective (hurriedly): ' Where did that fellow go who juist ran to the hotel?' Citizen (still rubbing the toe that the fugitive stepped oin): 'I don't know, but I hope he'll go where I told him to.' Bird fancier ::' This parrot I can recom mend. He has only one fault-he makes a terrible row if he does not get his dinner promptly.' Widow: ' I will take him. He will remind me of my lite husband.' Ho: 'How do you know but I am a married man ?' She: 'You would not be so afraid to propose if' you were a married man.' Young husband: 'I want you to love and trust me.' Youhg wife: 'I can love you, Charlie, but I can't trust you.' '(He had married his tailor's daughter). Substantial Credit.-Hobbs: ' I think young Smith deserves a lot of credit for keeping up so fine an establishment on so small an inmoome.' Dobbs: ' Well, he gets it. He owes pretty nearly everybody sround town.' iris S?IINGO. He hies himnow to the mountain stream, Where he ecasts his gaudy flies, And fishes until the sun's last beam, And comes back with a string of- lies. Mrs. Gadabout: 'What sort of person is Mrs. Mildmnan, who has moved into the next house to you?' Mrs. Chaffer: ' I don't think much of her. Between you and me I' think she is next door to an idot.' Mrs. Gadabout (innocently) : ' I think so, too, my dear.' Lucy: 'I'll tell you news! Witherby Witherspoon is secretly engaged to Nina Nimbly ! ' Mamie : ' How do you know !' Lucy : ' Well, Nina told Florence. Florence told Margery, Margery told Ada, Ada told Clara, and Clara told me. Now, be sure and don't tell anybody. It's a dead secret.' The Samo.-Paterfamilias (to the suitor for his daughter's hand) : ' Young man, are your expectations equal to those of my daughter ?' Mr. Downlippe (hastily): ' Exactly, sir.' The Right Kind.-Mrs. Portly Pompous: 'Do you understand how to cook properly?' Bridget: ' Indado, mum, I do. The police man who used to call on me in my last place was a regular epicao.' No Loss.- Old gentleman (at his daugh ter's wedding) : ' My dear, I don't see how I am to get along without you ' Bride: ' Oh, that'll be all right, pa. Since the core mony was performed my husband has con fessed that he hasn't enough saved to go into housekeeping, so you won't lose me after all ' To the Manner Born.-' Voell,' said the lawyer to the rural witness, ' how far was it from your house to the road?' ' Well, sir,' said the witness, ' I reekin hit was 'bout a acre an' a-half.' 'Idiot!' cried tho,lawyer, ' How many yards was it ?' Well, sir,' re plied the witness, ' thar was only one yard, an' that wur my yard, an' hit ain't fenced in, nuther!' Landlady (who has just presented her weekly bill) : I 'ope, ma'am, as you find the bracing air agrees with -you and your good gentleman, ma'am?' • Lady,: ' Oh, yes. our appetites are wonderfully improved, At home we only eat two loaves daily, and I find from your account that we can now manage five.' 