SCHOOL BOY BLUNDERS. Divinity. —Esau was a man who wrote fables and who sold the copy right to a publisher for a bottle of pot ash.—Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews believed in the synagogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worship ped in groves of oak; therefore the Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans. —Titus was a Roman Emperor—sup posed to have written the Epistle to the Hebrews—his other name wat Outs. English History.— Oliver Crom wel 1 was a man who was put into prison for his interference in Ireland. When he was in prison he wrote 1 The Pilgrim’s Progressand married a lady called Mrs O’Shea.—Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Cromwell, ‘Ah ! if I had only served you as you have served me, I would not have been de serted in ray old age.’—Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Welling ton; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Parle, but it has been taken down lately.—Who was Henry III.? A zealous supporter of the Church, and died a Dissentry.—What is Divine Right? The liberty to do what you like in Church.—What is a Papal Bui)? A sort of cow, only larger and does not give milk.—Perkin Warbeck raised a rebellion in the reign of Henry VIII. He said ho was the son of a prince, but he was really the son of respect able people. Definitions. —Phreuicians.—The in ventors of Phienician blinds. Bac chanal.—A native of Bechuana, in South Africa. Chimaera.—A thing used to take likenesses with. Water shed.—A place in which boats are stored in winter. Gender.—ls the way whereby we tell what sex a man is. Cynical.—A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immaculate.— State of those who have passed the entrance examination at London Uni versity. Hydrostatics.—ls when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. English Language and Literature —Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endyiuion, which brought on consump tion.—The sonnet is a thing that has in its first four lines two meteors (quartan) and in last six two meteors (turzette). —Latin of the 4th period was introduced into the language at the invention of Christianity 597 A.D., when the nobility and gentry spoke Latin-French and the Danes settled the throne for nearly thirty years.—Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which the Ghost had told him. lie was very good to his mother. He profaius mad ness, he really only put it on, but some people say lie was mad. One day when he was fighting the king asked him if he would have something to drink it he had put poisin in it it Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it it then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs his father it drinks the poisin and dies.—What do you understand by the Augustan age in English Literature? We mean the time of Cmdmon, who flourished and wrote ‘Comus’ about the lime that St. Augustine converted the people of Kent. Miscellaneous. Briefly describe the heart, and its function or work.— The heart is a comical shaped bag. The heart is divided into several parts by a fleshy petition. These parts are called right artillery, left artillery, and so forth. The function of the heart is between the lungs. The work of the heart is to repair the different organs in about half a minute.—What is a volcano? A volcano is a very powerful rock.—What is the meaning of mer de glace? Mother of glass.—What are fossils? Fossils are those remains of plants and animals which keep best when left to themselves.—What fossil remains do we And of flslies? In some rocks we find the fossil footprints of fishes.—What are the inetamorphic rocks? Rocks that contain metaphors. —‘ What is the matter ?’ queried a teacher. ‘ You seem to be rather un comfortable there.’ 1 I’ve got the inter jection, sir,’ was the unexpected reply, —Explain the words fort and fortress. A fort is a place to put men in, and a fortress a place to put women in.— What is a Republican ! A Republican is a sinner mentioned in the Bible.— The two chief volcanoes in Europe. Sodom and Gomorrah.—By Miss C. Graham, in the University Correspon dent. 