>$rml jltrn^ THE MASTER OF THE MAGICIANS. CHAPTER XV. BY ELIZABETH STUART PHELPS AND HERBERT D. WARD. LALITHA'S girlish voice, pealing joyously at her father's door, brought no response. She repeated the call, but without effect. " Try the door," said the Jew quickly. It was not barred. The latch yielded to her light, obedient hand ; and the two stepped into the house. It was perfectly still, and very dark. "He is asleep," said Lalitha uneasily, " or he sitteth in his tower to calculate. I will run and call him." " I attend thee," said Daniel gravely, " and by thy permission I precede thee." He pushed on before toward the apartments of the sage. The dumb and darkened house echoed to their footsteps. Lalitha ran, calling : " Father, father, father ! " The sicknening sensation which possesses one who utters a beloved name vainly is never without a premonition of the hour when it shall have been uttered for ths last time. Lalitha, too young to know what she fearsd, but fearing the more for that began to sob. They had reached the lower story of the tower in which the sage worked. The apartment was <Ktaly lighted by bn« Binall oil-lamp that had well'tiigh spent itself. Heavy saadows crouchtd in the corners, as if they bad flurig themselves there headlong. In one of these, a figure, prone upon an ottoman, and covered with a rug, could be imperfectly distinguished. "Maiden, stand back!" said the voice of the Governor of Babylon, with the full note of authoriy. He held out his devout, athletic arm to bar her way. Deftly as the motion of a light leaf before a great wind, the girl dived—her sinuous body dipped below the Jew's hand—she swayed to her balance, and flung herself upon the ottoman with a loud cry, which waked Kisrinni, soundly sleeping, and perfectly comfortable in spite of her excessive anxiety. This she hastened, in the full flower of Oriental speech, to make known, with such facts as she had to add to it; they were few enough. When she had returned from the palace without her mistress, Mutusa-ili stared her in the face, '• like a man gone five days dead," and demanded his daughter. " Thou must demand her of the king," said the slave woman. It did not seem to have occured to her that Bhe was not bearing agreeable intelligence. Mutusa-ili, at these words, bowed his head, " as if he had been a slave," said Kisrinni, and had said no •word to the woman, but departed from, her, and ascended to the tower wliere he was accustomed to wed solitude to Btudy and bitterness to age. He had walked so feebly, "and he trembled so in cliir.bing the projecting bricks that led to the conical tower, that Kisrinni, for very anxiety, had remained on watch in the room below. She could not understand why it was not an honour that Lalitha should enter the harem of the king ; but to an old man who tottered on a brick twenty feet above ground—this was comprehensible. Kisrinui's fidelity was proportionate to her nature. At all events, since he ascended the tower nothing had been heard of Mutusa-ili. Kisrinni could not climb the bricks, and that was the end of the matter. Lalitha was quite used to the tower, and she flew up the narrow steps with wings in her feet. The Governor of Babylon followed her more slowly, as best he might. When they came out together upon the top, the girl, by a pretty instinct, for very girlish fright, drew back and clung to him. The young ascetic trembled. " I protect thee," he whispered—" I protect thee." In the open space beneath the stars Mutusa-ili sat upright. His grey head was bare to the now rising wind. The dew had touched it. At his feet lay his diagram of the planets and their prophecies ; the shallow Persian glass of water, used by astrologers to prescribe a fate, stood beside the diagram; dark scrolls and rare tablets of ancient clay, familiar to magicians and famous among them, lay scattered in unusual, it seemed to be perhaps intentional, disorder around him. He sat "Stiffly. His face was turned toward the palace. The music of the revel came faintly, like the language of another planet, to the tower. His eyes stared before him. An open scroll lay upon his lap ; the edge made a little crackling noise in the wind. His hands were clasped upon the scroll. Wken the two came up behind him the old man did not stir. " He slumhereth," whispered Lalitha fearfully. " Shall I waken him ? " " Remain thou," said the Jew, in some agitation. " I will awaken him." He stepped up and laid his hand upon the old man's shoulder. He called him, " Honoured sage," "Dear master," " Father of Lalitha;" and each name came in a louder voice, and seemed more im-~ perious and more precious than the last. But Mutusa-ili made answer to none of them. Daniel gently stooped, and tried to unlock the old man's cold, clenched hands. As he did so, the dim light revealed to these devout eyes, so familiar with the Bacred writings of his faith, the contents of the scroll which the despairing captive soothsayer of Babylon had substituted for the mysteries and mockeries of the Chaldean magic. Mutusa-ili held beneath his stiffened clasp the holy writings of his unacknowledged ancestors—the hymns of David, prophet, poet, and king of Israel. His finger rested upon the words— " My soul longeth, yea, even fainteth, for the courts of the Lord." "He sleepeth," said Lalitha decidedly. But she Bhrank, and did not touch the silent figure. She had come around in front of it now, so that she stood between the old man's fixed eyes and the palace which he had watched—who shall say how long, or how piteously ? With what unrecorded prayers had the disgraced and helpless father sought to avert the dishonour of his house and the anguish of his child ! Had he exhausted the craft of the idolator, or discarded it ? Had he come at the last, driven by a deceived intellect or drawn by a broken heart, to the God of his abandoned people? Did Bel-Merodach deny ? Would Jehovah reply ? Poor old disappointed eyes, turn but once. Give but a glance. Is there not a gleam of recognition in your steady look ? Look at Lalitha 1 Oh, look but once at Lalitha ! " He sleepeth," repeated Lalitha uneasily. " If it be the will of God that I do tell thee," said the Jew in a deep voice, "His will be done. For thy father sleepeth not, save as they sleep who wake no more." "But thou saidst thou wouldst waken him !" cried Lalitha. She had begun to tremble, but not to understand. "I may not," replied Daniel solemnly—"I may not do that deed." " But thou art the master of the masters," pleaded the girl. " Thou art the Master of the Magicians. All Babylon knoweth this. Since the king dreamed thou canst not deceive us of thy art. Waken my father ! Thou wiser than the Chaldeans of Chaldea, waken my father! Thou greater than Mutusa-ili. waken him!" But the Master of the Magicians bowed his head before the girl. " Behold," he whispered, "there is a greater than I. The magic of the living God hath been wrought upon Mutusa-ili. If he waken or no, at some other time, God knoweth. It is not revealed to me. . . Come thou ! This is no place for thee, my child. Go thou below to the slave woman. I will attend thee. . . . Perhaps," added Daniel, in genuine masculine desperation, "Kisrinni can explain the matter to thee." Lalitha walked a few steps obediently, like a child. At the top of the brick ladder which led from the tower, she turned and looked back. The Jew had fallen upon his knees, and, with his face toward the west, prayed silently. His hand lay upon the hands of lier father, and three hands upon the old scroll that crackled in the wind. Now Daniel seemed to be making an effort to turn the old man's body, or the low, movable seat upon which he sat, so that Mutusa-ili's fixed eyes, too, should seek the Holy City, while the captive prayed. Lalitha did not go down the brick stairs. She stood perfectly still. "My father dieth," she said distinctly. "My father is dead." She did not say anything more, or cry out. She thrust forth both her hands confusedly, totterd and sank He caught her on the brink of the stairway, down which, otherwise, she must have dashed headlong. Run thou ! " called Daniel to the slave woman. " Run quickly to the nearest guard at the corner of the street of the Tamarisks, aud make known to him that the Governor of Babylon desireth the attendance of the captain of the guards." It was almost dawn when Allit came into the presence of Lalitha. The two young men, without other help than the old slave's, had done all that was needful upon the top of the tower. The dead astrologer lay in the lower room, among his parchments and his diagrams, his tablets and his calculations.. Even in his death he looked more solitary than most men, and more comfortless. Beneath his clasped hand", the songs of David, prince of Israel, remained undisturbed. Balatsu-usur gathered the soothsayer's manuscripts aud planisphere into a corner of the room, where he covered them from Bight with a woollen cloth, as if the eyes of the dead might see them, and find some disturbance in the sight. " Let them lie there," he said authoritatively. " Come thou. Be witness unto me while I read what I did observe." Beneath the Psalm of David, upon the dead man's knee, a second writing had been found. This was a Bmall tablet, inscribed with a stylus. Upon the words of clay the clay hand rested heavily ; there had been some difficulty in removing it. When Daniel had brought the tablet close to the little oillamp, and had examined it, he laid it down reverently. It was the will of Mutusa-ili. It bore the date of but a week ago. Thus it ran : — " Methuselah, Jew, worshipper of Jehovah, inhabitant of Babylon, known to men as Mutusa-ili, invoker of idols, interpreter of the stars and diviner of dreams. " My fields, my house, aud my goods shall be for my daughter, Lalitha. " I appoint Daniel,""Governor of Babylon, Prince of Israel, worshipper of Jeliovah, guardian to Lalitha.-, Let her be subject unto him. May the great God, whose name is recorded on this tablet, curse her with irrevocable malediction, and scatter her race even to the last days, if ehe cleave not to the God of Abraham, St^aac, Jacob, and Daniel, whose servant I am, alas, too late. " Witnesses: — " EGiBr, royal treasurer and banker, son of Adamu. " HAXA^IAII, son of David. " MISHAEL, son of Elzaphan. " AZARIAU, son of Jezaniah. " Babylon, month of Ululu, day 25th, in the Fifteenth year of the accession of Nebuchadrezzar, King of Babylon." The two young men, when they had read the mil, exchanged glances. The eye of Allit was feverish and half closed with emotion ; it was more nearlywary than the captain's boy-like gaze had ever been before in his life. But Daniel's expression had the steadfast illumination of a man to whom duty is dear as it is clear. After all, both were men, and both were young. This will threw Lalitha absolutely under the control of the Jew. The Governor of Babylon could do as he would with his ward, and there would be neither law nor sentiment to ask a question of him. Power more precious to Allit than the throne of Babylon lay in the hands of this promoted captive, this saintly courtier, the captain's official and moral superior, his friend—and his rival! Had he a rival in this sacred youth ? "Was the Master of the Magicians the master of the last and finest magic of human life ? Would he will away or woo away the inclination of the fatherless girl ? Nay, had he already wrought upon the spell ? The captain was not an imaginative man ; but as he laid the tablet back in the hand of Balatsu-usur, his fancy took an unprecedented flight. He felt to the full of his nature the possibilities of the situation. Daniel's invaluable preseuce'at the crisis of the girl's bereavement, his endearing tenderness, his dangerous ability to be of use to her, the glamour of the dead father's confidence and evident preference, the supreme personal beauty of the prince of Israel—what would these mean, what would they do, to Lalitha ? The man of a hundred successful intrigues, he who had held the fairest woman of Babylon at the feet of his light fancy, felt before these facts something like the surprise of a child at its first hurt. It seemed to Allit as if he had received a sabre thrust contrary to the tactics. He looked at Daniel almost stupidly. The moral force of the Jew, which had already begun to lift the " soul sodden with pleasure," found a tremendous aid in the plain human complication. To spiritual momentum there was now added the push of commonplace jealousy. Thus, the lower motive, like the higher, found, as it often does in our strangely economic scheme of things, its unexpected and important value. AUit opened his full lips to speak—some hothearted words. But he glanced at the dead astrologer, and bowed his head silently. Daniel followed the look. A strange, bright smile curved his delicate mouth. " Go thou," he saidgenllv—"go thou and comfort the maiden because of her father. She awaiteth thee. Perchance she hath need of thee, for her sorrow constraineth her sorely." " Thou art not aa other men! " said AUit reverentially. But he went. And thus at the hour of dawn he came to her. He thought of that other debt he owed the Jew, by whose power— whether of magic, or of man, or of the gods the Babylonian knew not—the girl had been spared from deadlier than death. He did not know, at that moment, whether he most honoured the man or most loved the woman. What purity had Daniel preserved! A delicacy and embarrassment, new to his experience, overtook the captain of the guards. He scarcely darei to raise his eyes to her. When he did so, an instant taught him that the girl was unaware of what she had escaped as she was of the eternal fate of the dead man in the next room. Lalitha knew no more of moral disease than she did of physical dissolution. Allit approached her with awe. He had not seen her since her escape from the harem, and his emotion at the rush of events was great. Lilitha was in the ante-room to her father's apartments. Further than this no one had been able to persuade her. She was walking up and down and across the little room. Her fluttering movements reminded Allit of the fancy conscious to him the first time that lie saw her—more than ever she had the look of a bird. She was not sobbing nor moaning, but vet it seemed to him as if she would beat her heart out. The room was still very dark. At the eastern door, but a little ajar, day struggled to enter. Babylon was quiet, uncommonly so, after the night's carousal. In the streets the early water-carriers had began to stir sluggishly, but the citizens slept. Upon the date-palm that grew between the house and the street a swallow had found itself awakened, and suddenly swung upon the lintel, and pecked thereat. Lalitha stopped her tempestuous pacing and watched the swallow. " It is the spirit!" cried Lalitha. " It is the spirit of my father ! Let him in! Let him do as he willetli, Kisrinni!" But Kisrinni had stepped into the adjoining room , the Jew had summoned her ; some last service to the dead needed, or was to need, her presence. Allit stepped forward quietly and opened the door wide thus bringing himself into the full sight of Lalitha. " All," she sighed, <: thou !" The swallow flew in. The captain closed .the door. The bird beat wildly about the heads of the two. Lalitha watched it fearfully. She was full of- the superstitions of the people to whose faith her father had apostatised, and among whom;.she had been reared. The swallow settled slowly toward the girl. She held her breath, and lifted' her beautiful, wounded arm, Ttusing her fdrefinge* tip. The bird descended gently, regarding her with the mingling of caution, suspicion, and trust, seen only in its kind, and then delicately dropped and poised upon her unstretched finger. " He blessed me," whispered Lalitha. Allit did not spenk. What could he say ? It was but a swallow— and a girl. Yet the soldier was as dumb as any mute slave in Babylon. Purity, delicacy, exquisite girlhood, devoutnese, imagination—these were matters hard lo bp understood. Add the sorrow of one of the sorest of human bereavements, and the Babylonian bowed before the mystery. Lalitha, unconscious and sweet, waB the unconquerable fact of his experience. As she stood, rapt, with the bird upon her hand, the captain of the guards instinctively took the attitude of devotion before the girl, then deliberately retained it. The bird rose slowly ; fluttered above her upturned face, and made a long, fine circle overhead ; then darted into the room of death. Lalitha watched, but did not follow it. The astrologer lay in the state which age and scholarship and high repute give to human clay ; the sensitiveness oE defeat and cruel anxiety added pathos to his features. Here, if ever, lay a man dead of a broken heart. Daniel and Kis rinni were praying beside the corpse ; the one addressed Jehovah, the other muttered a charm, well known to have been revealed to the mother of the king by Bel-Merodach. The swallow circled over the body of Mutusa-ili; then, mounting slowly, sought the tower of the sage, and escaped through the exit of the brick stairway. As the bird broke free, day burst upon Babylon. " He is gone ! " moaned Lalitha. When she turned, the dark room was flooded with the sunbreak from above. The bird could be heard singing without. The captain of the guards still stood in the attitude of devotion ; Daniel communed with Jehovah. The slave woman whispered snatches from a familiar hymn to "The House of the Land of Death : "— To the land of no return lie hatli departed ; To the afar oft, to regions of corruption, Where light is never seen, where the dead exceed the living ; Whose ghosts, like birds, whirl round and round the vaults of dust. But Allit prayed to Lalitha. She wavered toward him, with a little appealing motion. Her chin began to quiver, like a child's. Her eyes filled and overflowed. But she was pathetically quiet. " I comfort thee," said Allit impetuously. In an instant the worshipper had become the lover. He sprang toward her, and held out his arms. " Thou slialt not weep, for thou art precious to me," whispered the Babylonian. " Only love me, and I will comfort thee. Try to love me ! " pleaded the captain humbly. Lalitha's wan little face changed colour deli2ately. She made a motion, as if perhaps she nodded ; but she did not speak. " l^ove me, Lalitha, love me ! " entreated Allit. " Make me worthy, for I am unworthy. Make thou me fit to take thee to wife." " My father is dead," said Lalitha. At this moment the Jew entered the room. An unearthly radiance illuminated his face. He held in his hand the tablet of clay. She tried to read it, laid it down and sighed, and tried again. Her eyes wandered from it to him, to Allit, drearily. "By the authority of death, I ask thee," said Daniel tenderly. " Wouldst thou wed this man ? Lieth thy happiness in his keeping ? " "My father is dead ! " repeated Lalitha. " Verily, I have chosen an untimely hour to woo the maiden," whispered Allit between his teeth. "Better is she, it seemeth, in thy holy company. I am only a man like other men ! " Devoutly raising her cold little hand to his forehead, the captain of the guards made obeisance to the girl, and suddenly wheeling, like a phalanx in retreat, left her with the Jew. (To be Continued.) 