[?] CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) His passion had urged him on, and then plunged him headlong down his first false descent in life, and he could not return. All must be over now between himself and Mildred Pane.. and the sooner the cord was cut the less the dishonor. But how was it to be done 1 The morning light made the task: in no way easier to him. It was his day for visiting the Panes— -he would go and try what might be done. V .. Ho loved Mildred, be told himself again and again, dearly and faithfully, but it was with a brother's love, I which he knew she would scorn; and tears welled up in his eyes ivlien lie thought of her past tenderness for him, and how : he was repaying it— of the bitter pain he had in store for her, and how, a few short months before, ho would have scorned the man who had .behaved, as- ho had. He scorned himself enough now. With a very heavy heart he was starting for the cottage, when a ines- i sage from a patient turned him thank fully in another direction. - The evening found him again" at Netherwood, basking in his mistress! smiles and lavish love— liis conscience; for the time, growing easy; -habit and forgctfulness aiding him. A fortnight had passed and Mildred had not caught a passing glance of her faithless lover;' not even on Sunday did she see him in church. A few hurried notes she had received, but they were but scanty food for her aching- craving heart ; and during the last few days even these had failed, i "Mildred, Doctor Havorsham has grown tired of you ! I told you he would," was Mrs. Pane's, comfortffhg remark, when they had : entered upon ' another week and Neal had not ap peared. " Has he, mamma ? I hope not; he will give us some reasons, lie says, for his absence. It may be he liiis feVer- cases in hand — arid he knows how ' nervous you are," Mildred returned, but her white face and quivering lips were opposed to the belief she ex pressed. '- ; ... ; >i- "There are no fever-cases 'about, Milly, don't imagino that. I. liear everything from Jane, arid should have learnt if there were any: You .gaVe lnm too much license, child. Such things were not allowed in my young days. He has got tired "of -his- engage- i merit — see if I am not right. /Beriides, I hear that he goes every evening to Netherwood." " M rs. Wilson has been ill," Mildred quickly explained. ; "Yes, but doctors don't generally visit their patients in the evening. Mrs. Reizardt's society, depend upon it, is too attractive. I told you so from the first." "Mother, when Neal comes— that is, if he should come — let me be alone with him for just this once," Mildred pleaded; and there were tears in her voice, which even Mrs. Pane's heart- not a soft one — could not resist. " For heavon's sake, do not hgmble yourself to him, Milly ! No girl ; should do that to any roan." "Never fear, mother ; I will not," : 1 lie reproach, "Oil, why did you ! not let us marry? We might have been so happy," almost found utter- !! ance, but she withheld it. : When Doctor Haversham called. he was white, haggard and nervous— almost the ghost of himself. " He has been ill," Mildred thought, almost thankfully, when sliegreeted him; but the first few words he uttered dis abused her mind of that. „They re ferred to ordinary topics; afterwards he offered a few incoherent excuses for i his non-appearance. Mildred foresaw licr doom tolerably well, but she did i not yet reproach him nor give him an opportunity to broach the subject that was uppermost in her mind. Two tests she thought she would try. "Neal, Mrs. Skelton has written to j ask me to visit them in London for a i few weeks. Mamma can spare me. Will you mind my going?" Neal Haversham was leaning for- \- ward, playing with his hat, very silent and nervous for the first time in his life. "Go, by all means," he said. "The change is sure to do you,good." ' ' \ There was no idea then in his mind of an early wedding-day — not any of his old dislike to part witli her. " Havo you forgotten Thursday ?" she asked, a few minutes later. He started, ancl his face flushed crimson. " Thursday, Mildred ? What about it ? Why do you ask if I have forgotten it ?'' It was plain that he had forgotten it. He had promised to dino at Netherwood for tho first time since Beatrice had pledged herself to him. " It is my birtliday, Neal, that is all ; and you have generally spent it with us." - Tho next one would evidently be an exception — she could see that. "Oh, Mildred, I am sorry; I had really forgotten it ; and I have made an engagement which will prevent my being with you." "You, are going to Netherwood, 'Neal," and Mildred's fearless dark eyes, partly sad and partly indignant, were raised to his own, and she saw he could not meet thorn. - , ."Why is the mystery ? Why have you not told me? Why have you been here so rarely lately ?" were three questions ; she steadied her voice to nsk. ; Now' hb knew that lie must tell her what he was, arid lay -his black, faithless heart bare for her reproaches and her! scorn. : She waited a few seconds for his answer, but it did not. come,- and his - silence confirmed her worst fears. ' \ - , '-' Neal, I will tell you," she said, in a trembling voice. " Your absence lately, your changed manner to me, toll' me plainly enough that you have tired : of our engagement You thought you loved me, and have found out now that you do so no longer— nay, that perhaps, you love someone else.'' -- ; She could steady her voice no longer' — tears fell: from her eyes— but even in her torture she could not bear to see his pain; his too evident, shame. " Oh, Mildred, you cannot hold me in such contempt, ris I hold myself," he said at length. "I have been mad lately, and I know; that I- liave yielded myself up to blind passion and selfish ness." : Even through her fast-falling tears she could see shame and pain in the face she loved so well and had been so proud of. Her .idol was shattered,' but liow dear its ruins still were to her! .. /-/- " Mildred, you will riot banish me from you utterly? You wiil riot at lenst withhold your old friendship?" he weakly pleaded. " Yes, I must do that, Neal, and at once. My, only prayer to you is to leave me now this. moment, and never to see me again. You cannot refuse me. that." - j' As she spoke, she - rose totteringly, her poor white,' aching face striving to keep its calmness, and failingdirefully ; but even yet she did not know that' he; had- actually broken his vows 'to, her, and that while their engagement still existed. _ ' ,' ' / " Heaven bless you, Neal, now and for ever, and may you find the happi ness you wish for!" Arid then she turned and held her hand out to him ; it might be for the last tiriie, she thought: , . ; He. seized it in both his own and : held it fast; and the small soft fingers for the moment seemed to bring back some of his love for her. He bent down and would have kissed her face, but: she - wrenched herself from his grasp. - " Have some mercy upon me, for heaven's sake i" . she cried, breath lessly ; and in another moment she was; gone. : . Doctor : Haversham was alone with his freedom, but his, proud head "was abased ; he felt very inuch like one. who; in-some-; sudden frenzy had crushed in his strong' hand ! the;; bird that diad- nestled there and fed from it. But it was all over, his freedom was gained. : ' 'CHAPTER XV. " Lord Valetowers was still in the Highlands, diurrially shooting, sjriok- ing, playing billiards, storming a little every morning when the post arrived arid brought him no letter from his be loved, and fencing off a somewhat heavy flirtation which his cousin Lady Elizabeth forced upon him, she, as well as her noble parents, believing that the fact of his having accepted- tlieir invitation proved that lie coil-' tem plated an alliance with her fair self. Still he seemed rather slow in bringing it to any sort of satisfactory issue. - The fact was, his little lordship possessed wonderful powers of loving where his heart had really been touohed, which seemed somewhat inconsistent, seeing that his nature was ordinarily feeble and frivolous, and. the few impediments in the wiy of his court ship of Mrs. Reizardt had marvel lously erihanced her value in his eyes. She had written to him three times since their separation, but eacli letter contained only some half -dozen mean ingless lines, written in very laborious, long-tailed writing. Still, they had given his lordship unqualified pleasure, although he felt rather like a thirsty man trying to slake his thirst with a few raindrops ; but he was complying with his mother's wishes to a certain extent, and could exact the fulfilment of "her promise on- his return home. In the meantime he constantly wrote extravagant letters to Beatrice at Netherwood — letters brimming over with love and utterly devoid of sense ; but nevertheless they were not unap preciated by their fair receiver. Lord Yalotowers, too, had been on a mysterious but very delightful mission to a glittering shop in Bond- street, where he had deposited a case, ob tained with unheard-of difficulty from his mother — a moiety of the family jewels, which were to be reset and in readiness for him when he passed through town on his way home. This proceeding he kept from Beatrice in his lotters, but ho gloated over the thought of her happy surprise on his return. Something told him that his glittering treasures would marvellously increase his welcome. The days at Netherwood passed rather heavily. It may have been that Mrs. Reizardt's conscience was slightly ill at case, or that her enforced secrecy troubled her, or that its pos sible discovery was a source of anxiety she did not relish — at any rate she was not entirely herself. The hand some Doctor sho might call her own if sho chose ; her white fingers might toy amongst the locks of his golden- brown hair, her almond eyos gaze with answering love into his glorious blue ones, so fraught with passion. There was much felicity in the thought, but nevertheless sho sighed away tho days. The Valetowers diamonds and coronet would haunt her imagination ; she could not altogether banish from her mind the thought of the possible loss of tho title which was so sweet to hor. Meanwhile Doctor Haversham con tinued to pour out all tho treasures of a wild: passionate infatuation, a mad, tempestuous love, at the feet of his peerless Beatrice ; he hung upon her every word, her beautiful face was always in his thoughts, entangling itself wofully with grave professional cases. Happily for the inhabitants round N airton there was but a small amount of serious illness, or Doctor Haversham's skill might have been impugned just then. Mrs. Reizardt cared nothing for his profession, nor whether his practice was a good or a bad, one. She valued her own income and position too liiglilyr in comparison with his. He could never . interest her in a single case. . She covered her ears with her hands, and .exclaimed' with ; horror, when he, for -the first and last- time, ''attempted such a thing— hor nerves were far too deli-' ca.te, she said. Like all earnest men, he took' war in interest in his; profes sion, and ho would have liked his future wifo . to share that: Interest "with iiirn— - Mildred had always done so, and rnariy. of his poorer patients could tell not a few tales of her kindness to them. ' The autumn dayswerepassing quickly, and Mildred Pane was testing to the full- what her- powers of endurance .might be, was wondering if greater pain existed than hers on earth, and sometimes daring to ask herself what she had done that all her life's happi ness .should be wrested from her so suddenly and cruelly. If she could only get away to some place where everything did not bring her a mad dening reminder of her lost happiness, her. faithless lover ! But this did nob seem possible at present. ; Her mother had appeared to ail lately more seriously than usual, and to leave her even for a short time would be impossible ; so Mildred went .'about her daily tasks and duties, striv ing -to fulfil them, and to bear her pain as best she could. But her face was white and drawn, her soft, dark .eyes were laden with tears she was always struggling to force back, her lips were trembling and wistful, her head aching cruelly with sleepless nights and heavy crying when she was alone. There was only endurance for her— there was no hope left. chafterTxvi. " Beatrice, when are we to be mar ried?" Doctor Haversham asked sud denly one evening at Netherwood, when he was, sunning hiiriself in the light of his mistress' almond-shaped' eyes and was lingering close tb her, his blue eyes brilliant with passionate love; arid fixed earnestly upon her, while he waited for her answer. She laughed a little nervously — perhaps her thoughts recurred to Lord 'Valetowers' last love- letter, which, with unheard-of carelessness, was lying in her dress pocket, under the folds pf her perfumed lace handkerchief — no very secure resting- place for it cer tainly. ."_ " When shall we be married, Neal ? I have never thought of that yet— we seem'only just to be engaged." " . " Nevertheless even my present hap piness does not; satisfy me, Beatrice. I want you always— always, my darl ing—in iriy homo, at my side ; the hours when I. know I may not see you are iftterririnable to me." r' r . He spoke as ho felt and then lie drew her closely towards him, uribil her head lay on his breast. , " There can be no reason for delay ing our marriage riiuch longer, Beattice — wfe have no friends to consult." He was even lost to delicacy of feel ing as regarded poor Mjldred Pane. " But I fear we have reason to wait awhile, Neal; you forget that Lord Valetowers may take it into his head to consider that I have not yet given him my final answer. I told you that I was under a promise to do so on his return from the North; it would be better to keep our own counsel until he quite understands that there can be nothing between himself and me." "Beatrice, for pity's sake, do not talk in that way ! As if there could be anything between you and that pompous little fool ! You assured me that there was not the shadow of an engagement, nor even any, kind of understanding, between you." "Nor i? there," she asserted, Un- blushingly. She did love, as well as she could, big, bright, handsome Neal Haver sham. She liked to feel his strong grasp, to lay her head upon his broad breast. She looked for his coming, and never reminded him that it" was time for him to leave her again; but down — far down — in her frivolous heart was unceasing regret for the wealth and station she was recklessly throwing away. Decision was becoming very difficult to her ; it had sometimes ceased to seem irre vocable, in spite of her love. "By Heaven, Beatrice, if I meet him here, and he assumes even the smallest right of friendship towards you, I will take him by the neck and put him outside of your window !" And while he spoke Doctor Haver sham's eyes flashed ominously. " Indeed you will not do anything of the kind, Neal. His lordship is an older friend than you are, and lie has been often kind to me; and," she added hesitatingly, " I suppose he cannot help liking me." "No, he cannot help that; but he must help showing that he does so in any way offensive to me." " Let us talk of other things, Neal ; Lord "Valetowers is not a very interest- ing person. By-the-bye, I have been thinking lately that when we aro mar ried I do not like your house at all," she broke off', unscrupulously. " Why should we not live here ? It is far prettier." The blood rushed in a torrent over Neal Haversham's face. His pride was being handled very painfully. " lam sorry you do not like my house, Beatrice ; but it is really not an un suitable one. You tell me that you have the option of taking this by the year for tho next three years, when you must take it on a long lease, or give it up. If I can afford to take the place then, my darling, you shall have it. Bo sure of that." " But why wait till then, Neal ? Why not come here at once?" she persisted. "I can see no reason against it.'' " It is not what I would wish to do, Beatrice., Supposing that we could not keep it up, it would not be pleas ant to turn out of Netherwood at the end of three years. You have told me frankly that the expenses here must in 'time much exceed your income" — she had done so in a moment of con fidence. "Hitherto you have happily had, and still have, friends to fall back upon." "But with both our incomes, Neal? Surely they would suffice. I do so hate to live in a stuffy house /''and there was unmistakable horrori in the tone of her voice. < " And I should grieve, to place you in one, my darling. Well, we must see what can be done," Doctor Haver sharri said, gravely. : Arid, then he looked at his , watch arid saw that it was time to go. " Happily: - we need not decide to night, Neal." ,!,!;.v:: Then he would'' have left her, but she still detairied him. "Give nio a few minutes more; I want to ask you something," she said, rather nervously. " Was it true that some time ago you were engaged to Mildred Pane ? And, if so, what broke the engagement f- _ .Once more the red flag of distress was hoisted'in Neal Haversham's face. "You have a full right to ask, Beatrice. It is quite true what you have heard. I was engaged to Mildred Pane," he acknowledged, steadily. " And what broke your engage ment ?" she persisted relentlessly. : "Shall I tell you?" , " Yes, I wish to know." "My wild, ungovernable passion for yourself, your beauty and perfec tions, and my own selfish weakness, which prevented my fulfilling an en gagement which had become distaste-' ful to me. Are you satisfied ?" he asked in a low tremulous voice. She ought to have been ; but seem ingly she was not. There was an un pleasant triumph in her. dark eyes, and the smile was anything but tender that hovered round her rosy lips. "They Say that you. have broken her heart, Neal." " Heaven forbid ! " lie . cried aloud and fervently. " She is an arigel. I ain not worthy .of her love!" - , . ' "No; you preferred a very ordi nary mortal like myself/- I " suppose!", she commented, .in mo. pleased -tones. "Beatrice, have: some mercy," lie pleaded. Then there" ;was alirigerfng parting between them. But a cloud had gathered for the; first time in Doctor Haversham's new paradise; and he walked home under the autumn stars in a mist of self- reproach, doubt, fear and love. '/ As lie turned in at his own garden- gate,' in :the darkness, he almost knocked against some one entering at the same time. . " - " Who is that? What do you want?" lie.' asked. : ."Please, sir, it's me. I've brought you a note. ; And will you please come at once ?" " Come at once— where to ?" " To Mrs. Fane— and please, sir, they do say she's dying sudden like." Doctor Havershairi snatched the note from the boy's hand, and hurried into his own house. His heart beat fast and his breath came quickly while he rerid a few hurried lines in Mildred's familiar handwriting. "Mamma is dreadfully iH — pray come to her. I would not ask you, bub that you only know her ailments." She even apologised for sending to him — poor Mildred ! — and the quickly written lines had added not a little to her other gathering troubles. A few minutes later Neal Haver sham was standing by Mrs. Pane's bedside, his eyes glancing alternately from the dying woman to Mildred's much- altered face. "When did this attack come on? Why did you not send for me sooner ?" " Only to-day ; and I hoped it was not of any consequence. Is there danger ?" Neal Haversham's eyes, filled with sorrowful teridorriess, dwelt earnestly upon Mildred Fane's tearful face ; he could not frame his lips to utter the cruel truth — he could not hold out hope where there was really none, only to prolong her torture. Poor Mrs. Pane's last hour was come. Years before she had had a severe attack of rheumatic fever, to which she had attributed — and with more wisdom than she was given credit for — all her recent illnesses ; rheumatism had now gathered round her Heart, and her minutes were numbered. (to re continued.) 