-« A RELIC OF THE PAST CENTURY. About three miles from the old town of Parramatta, on the road leading to Sydney, there has stood since the year 1791 a prim, quaint, octagonal little structure, which has stood the time test of upwards of a century, and has been the dumb witness of the many stirring events connected with the life and times of early Australia. One of the old military guard-houses attached to the conr viet salt pans, and the first to give evidence of the incoming of the brick industry in the young settlement, is the place referred to. The illustration above shows the time-worn appearance of the building prior to its demolition a few days ago. Legend tells, Avith a keen interest, of its active connection with the military authorities and the wretched convict element that was suffered by Britain to taint the. fresh, young country over a century back. It claimed to be the first brick structure in Australia ; it boasted, with a questionable pride certainly, that its threshold had been crossed by the famous convict-historian George Barrington, and the .notorious Maurice Frere-of Marcus Clarke's vigorous story " For the Term of His Natural Life "-Captain Price. Within it the first Governor, spare of form but in dis- cipline stern-the illustrious Philip-stood and awed sentry and convict alike. Up to Fitzroy's time it claimed succeeding Governors as casual, or required, visitants. For the last quarter of a century it has en- joyed an unenviable reputation. Like the Fisher's ghost episode, credulous folks have, by virtue of superstitious mouthings, be- lieved it to be haunted by spooks, and reference to it still exists thereabout to terrify a refractory nursery into submission, -+ Lord «Charles Beresford, the bulldog of the " Service," has discovered how to in- crease the efficiency of the British navy at a cost of £10,000,000. Anybody could do that. What the British taxpayer would like to get is a scheme for strengthening the British navy without any further expense. * * * Mr. Copeland has abandoned the " royalty " principle in the Mining on Private Property Bill. Of course, this principle had to go. In selling Crown lands the Crown never sold the right to the gold which might be contained within them. Yet if the land- owners have no claim upon the gold, how can a royalty be claimed by them with any justice ? The fact of the matter is that Mr. Copeland introduced this illogical principle to pander to the Legislative Council, which keeps an eye on the " rights and privi- leges " of the almighty landowner. What the latter is entitled to is adequate compensation for the surface injury done to the land by the prospector and the, miner. And this com- pensation the bill en- sures him. A greata deal is expected of this measure, but there is room for suspicion that it will beget disap- pointment. L The old Military Guard-house on the Parramatta-road. 