WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW ? Mrs H. 3 J. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main-Street, Bridgeport, and Mus Minnie Parrot boards Kith her. The house is an old one. but in good order. One night early in December (1691) the two women locked ail tbe doors and went to the theatre, kaving not a bouI in the house. They left the gas hurting, however, in the front parlor. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they w*cnt into the parlor the merry humor died out of them in a second. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. Tbe upper part ol hie face was concc&led; by a mask, bis eyes gleaming through the eye holes in it. His Bhirt sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old fashioned piitol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlor and all tbe doors and windows tecurely looked. Wbat was it the women saw 4l During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, 'I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth ot these nights about two o'clock, I W£« suddenly uTOused from a doz.e by t chat trevied like th? calling of my name \ and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just a9 she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway difaeter. 1 screamed and fainted. 1 was foolish enough to tell of it, and the IocaI old wom-.n gossips said it was a summons and 1 would never get well. Tet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision camc of my wtak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now.' No doubt it wes the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of con dition. ln March, 1E90 it was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of D^rracott Boad, Pokceiowa. Hants, wrote us as follows : — ' I was dreadfully nerrovs 1 could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet 1 did not wish them far away in c«sc I should call out for help. This wis in June, 1889. 1 slept very ? badly, and in tbe morning felt little the I bettor for having gone to bed. There was | often a severe pain in my head and over my ! eyes, and 1 was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By- and-by 1 had to lie helpless in bed. Tbe doctor j said he didn't know what my complaint was. ] took nothiDg but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By ! this timo I was nothing but skin and bono. | JlTy vtcvior;/ completely failed, My heac1 | ached so dreadfully 1 thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that 1 ! would never get better. | ' 1 had given up all hope, when one day | Mih West, of Bournemouth, called and ' apferd wbat J was taking. She told me she was herself once jast as badly off, and was 'cured by Mother Btigel's Curative Syrup. ' As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tiied it, and in three days I was 1 able to walk across the room, and by tbe end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well aa evir. 1 can cat and digest my food, snd all my nervousness haB left me.' The milady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion acd dy6pc-peia and nervous prostration. Tbe original cause was grk-f and shock at the violent death ot her husband, by accidcnt, and the system rallied only when the 8/rup had given new vigor to the digestion and tbu9 fed and toned the Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions acd sonuds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upBct by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees tbem, and when Mother Seigel'e B . rup does its work the eyis and cars entertain only what is natural and wholcBomc. 