[COPYRIGHT.] MAORILAND HO ! Nature's Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY ATHA WESTBURT. CHAPTER VIII.—CONSTINUED. s linn inll slide >nto ruin 'f '10 ■" ' joat ■unm it i"»t as easily M » lad can pass ,I,',iiii a J'niMth plnnk .iftiir tho manner of , n ,'ii'kt-v. My friends introduced me to n iin.nt-y lender, who, fur n considera ,.,,"„ t,,,,k'niy nuto "f hand, and anpplied mo wiih what cash I wanted. I.nek wan „■• im.it mi' always. It mattered not with nl'i..in I played ; tha loans I received nr Itoil away like wax. (in,. Jay I reccivtdaatern, peremptory letur from my father, commanding mo to mum home. I paid no heed- uut wenl m v own wild, sinful way to ruin. How did thii end come ? It seems to ma now rnily as tho rtmiembrnnco <if somo horrid nightmare when I try to disentanglocon fu-ci phantasmagoria. I know I had boon drinking heavily—drink in any shaptf had hitherto been as so much poiwn to me, but I took it greedily now to etiil conscience. From tho fevcrnh desire to retrieve mv losses I had passed on to ft careless, callous indifference. While money was supplied to me I took it, and did not trout'le how or when it should bo paid lack. It was only when tho source itopped-driwlup, that tho awakening rime. I rim«mbsr it was a dark night in February that 1 found myself moping all alone in a small retreat, a sort of fhrublwry. adjoining the villa at Hawks ne.«. I had loit a large sum of money ; I do not know how much, and had given s mil at sight on my father, tho General. My mind was a chaos, n conflicting hell. when in ono hujc, black shadow stretched iv ii.-liting wings between mo and tho ft,ir». The shape was ftlf dfflrvctiou. Yrs, above this walled gloom around, that .'no ih.iu.ziit took shape liko a streak of luht in a laven thundercloud. Sitting t>r,' iiur- ins and strengthniiing the terri |i.- .levil within me, t became aware that I n,.s not alone. Two persnns, whom i i«:iv ncognised in the darkness as .loce lyn Vanborniigh and Utah Uarj'-w, en s.-r.-.i .no in arm, and paused within a fen fe.t of me. " Ami si> ynu aro really going to-mor r..«. ,l..celvn." the said, in low trembling arcrtit*. Must it really be to-mor. ro.v V ■ Uv.illv tomorrow, dear Itiah," ho ft-plicd. releasing his arm and folding her i,, Ins ln,v>:n. '* I have been nway soven nwutlis. four weeks longer than my term ..fl-avi.." ■' Well, I suppose it must be so," she Mid : " but 1 will follow you to Mel 1> ni-'i.-, Juc-'lyn, I'm determined." "What! leave your devoted swain, Mr A-hfnrd, to mourn your absence," ho cried witn muck solemnity. I saw Ui.Ui Rarjow draw licnolf from iiia rnihracn, and ntraighten her tiguro to its full Height. " No more of this nonsense." she cried, Atamp'ttu her little foot in sudden passion. •' Wlwt have '. to do with such a foolMi featherbrain as thu hoy. Do you think it possible that 1. the iluugLterof Kitnzlti li.irjeir, "iviniiler. nl.ehi'll, the tnjlishiii niuk uf society, emild entertain one seri ous thought on such a greon-headed fool, save for the purposes for which wo uso .uch as h-. Km ! the hawk and the dove cannot mate." •• Forsive me, Itiah ; 1 did but jest," h* crit'il. again enfolding her. "Why not cine »i:h me t. Melbourne ?" • Ah. why not ':" slio answered, in a t,n,'R that shook with strong emotion. •• V ,n have :.ll that a woman such as 1 sail i-iveyou—low. In it jou have a i.iii.-itt.tii, which mnkea inn your willing ili«, .lorelyn. forever. Tiko me where rmi will; but bewnrx you deceive me not. I ..m of that disposition which does not auMuit tn wrong lamely". Hf led her out with soothing words, 'in .r ii round her wniat. I iisvi; mi ;,!<\\-i hour loi>[> I mt in that rrtrrat Mntion, feeling, lifts itself Fusju-nded within me. Tho cup nt i'lrtiTiicsa wis full and overflowing. If 1 h.i.l not been held spellbound with ania.vt.irnt I ivmild have struck this » vi.iii ilf«-nl at the fort nf her paramour. ' ti.i.i n.. pouerto back tho fining will. 1.1.<" ;!■ mnambulist who retires to his suit :.juch ami wakes tip to find himself :.n '.ime dangerous peak or chasm, I :. ii.l u.ywlf ;it tint moment when the »,..:.- .-II fr-.m my eyes. In ■■n« single inumcnt of timo a man m:iy tiperieiico that which crowds itself nit*, a iifutimu. As I write noir, after th.ne yearn, the old horror comes back to mi-, unl 1 have to lay down my pen until it has passed. n,:;>i, pity and strengthen all those wini are weak and »re tempted. That one shadow which I hugced in my ila-k li..ur still pointed tho way to me, .ui'l I followed it. It pointed to n re t.ilv. r hum; over the Ii replace in my bed r.-in nt Glcncutirt. It was still night w!i-h I reached home. 1 had not been tli-re f..r nmnths, nor had I answered i!ir m-inj- letters sent to me, I reached »»■ r.K.in stealthily, took down the v.ii[i.in loaded it carefully, and bid it iv my bosom. As I crept cautiously along tl.e curridor, on my way out of the' house, a <*.. .r opened suddenly, and the General 6li'<>d before me. " Su," puid he, sternly, "it is you ! Temple Ashfnrd. rogue, X.ambler, thief, crawling into my house like a burglar in the ilcail of ni^ht! You whom 1 have l.iveil, and who I imagined would preserve the honor of an old and untarnished name, have blackened and dragsed it through tlie mire. Hezone, wretch ! You are no limcer a ami of mine ! llenco ! before I kill you. Strip yourself of that which you are not worthy to bear—my name— and never let me look upon you again— Without a word I obeyed, still follow ing the shadow that led me, I walked on w.-inl full of one thought. Dawn came, ami the day grew on, and when evening icll it found me in a solitary ravine on \hr i-aslern shore of the lake, t hod no idea of time, or light, or darkness, for this x\i same shape of destruction had me tiiorou^hly in its i;rasp. It seemed to mock at life with its sharp agonies, and •minted the way out of it. A spaum, and it was done. I pointed tho weapon at "iy heart, whon lo ! anothershadow ciime >«tween me and the tempter, and stayed <ny lUmnable purpose. Tho shadow and *>rm and substanca of a woman, with a pate, melancholy face, which looked down upon me with a world of sympathy in her loving eye*. -' • . ..;; ;: ' Grasping the" revolver she wrenched it | from my hand, and threw it into the deop' waters at our fret. Then aho spoko. ; " Foolish boy. Woiild you kill your' soul ah well as your body,'* she said.. •' Who are you !"• . . : •'-!■.• .! "A womnn , whose ■ years fit her for your mother, and whose suflVrings out balance yours- a hundred fold; Oh. wicked, unhiippy youth," sho cried. ,•' I have seen yon with the villains1 in yonder don, and I watched you, for I saw that it would come to this in tho end." The shadow was still with me, and I answered sullenly,— " Enough madam ; loivn mo to myself. A wrotch such as T is not fit to live." '• Hush," pleadrd tho soft yoico; '"pain and sorrow are sometimes the ministers by which wo aro purged of fully and sin. I, like you, havn seen tho black gulf, out of which came a devil to lure mo to p«r dition. I had ,1 treasure on which my vvholo heart was fixed. Mine was a proud heart; and the treasure was taken from me, so that 1 might see Ilia beauty of humility." " Who aro you 1" '■ "I am Elme l!lack. God help me. Night alter night, while full of . another purpose, I have watched you going head long yonder whither villains led you; and while I watched, to me came tho thought that if I could only had you back out of the darkness into the sunlight again. Heaven would bless my effoit, and restoro my treasure to me." I cannot say how tho Dend wont out of mo at this iroor creature's p'.cading. In her accents my dead mother seemed to speak to mo fniin tho world of spirits, iind my heart was melted, the dread nhape exorcised.' Mrs Blsck took mo to her house. Hero tho .strain upon my nerves gave way, and I lay in a dangerous fevor, through which I was carefully nursed by my noble hostess and her ncrvant. With health and strength camo the Tsolve to atone for my past wickedness. No morn Temple Ashford, but Tcmplo Vane. Vane, the maiden namu of my pour dead mother, should Iw mino until 1 had redeemed myself—until I had pni'l back the money I had lost at Hawlts uc«L And now a gleam of light falls softly on 1110 ns 1 pen theso words. Mrs Mack, my benefactress, it here beneath tho same roof with mo, hut she docs not recognise me in tho altered conditions of my life. I saw her kind eyes grow dim to-night, Hiid turn thoughtfully my way as they sang,— " Trust tho lad a little longer, Do not fear; He will hotter grow and stronger . Father dear." Havo 1 grown better and slrongor through thoso long, long years of lonely oxile ? jVm I strong enough to say, " I will nriso and go to my Father! With my Heavenly Father's blessing I tall" CHAPTER IX. AN OLn FACE WITH A NEW MASK. It is night—a night that does not pre sent itself many times during the summer season in Maoriland. Tho moonlight glimmers on rock and chasm, on ireo and shrub, and on tho wide, dusty Great South rond loading to Otago. With the privilege of tho novelist wo must lcavo thoso of our diameters at Pttiefalls under the tender caro and hos pitality of Major Weldon and his family whilo we draw aside tho curtain, and re veal some others who have prominent p.irts in this serio-comedy of actual life. Across tho uplands and the rugged slopes, shimmering under tho moon's rsys, long shadows lie, mingled with a pale. Hitting light, which shifts from ridgo to ridgo. and then is gone like a ghost, leaving the landscape ribbed with bars of gloom. Out on the western ridgo, bearing sea ward, and fully twenty miles distant, i ho lights of Tauranga are clearly discern ible. Hight and left, as far as tho sight can pierce, tliu shadows of thick forests stretch, like black garments, awaiting tho m-igic touch of tho sun to change them inSu tin- given and golden glory of Now Zealand foliage. In among their embowered darkness, lonely even in tho night, flicker mid ahino the many lights of a largo ninnaimt, and from whoso open windows thero comes at litful times tho faint echo of music, whith reaches the lonely, dusty road. It comes like a lost voice calling into the night for some solitary, wandering spirit, for whom it had wearied ind waited long. As if in obedience to tho mournfnl call, limping slowly within its echo comes a wayfarer, so gaunt and ghastly that it needed but one touch of moonlight to change him into a ghost. His tattered coat, and tho pale face above it, bathed in the wan glimmer, had a weird, unearth ly look. Again a soft refrain rushed across tho kauri trees and into the highway, where tho vagrant wayfarer stood and shivered. He started as though a living voice had called him by name. " 1 am coming—coming," he said, hur riedly. Then muttering a low, fierce oath on his folly, sat down to rest him self. Ho had hardly slid down upon a heap of iff oris at his fret when a sharp voice called out, — " Halloa, man ! do you want to bo run over ? Oet out of the way ; my horse evidently docs not like you." Tho tramp rose slowly, but kopt in the shadow of the tall ferns, which hereabouts grew taller than the fence. From his vantage ground ho scanned the well-ap pointed, vehicle of tho nowcomur, his high stepping horse, and lastly his handsome face, on which tho moonlight fell with a cold glitter. " Look here my man." ho cried, " there's a gate about here somewhere; find it for me, and hold it open, and there's half-a- crown for your trouble." " I know nothing about your gate? ; I'm a stranger here," cried tho other, roughly. " A stranger, eh ? Never mind, you have eyes, nnd know a gate when you seo one," responded he in the trap, trying to Kootho his horse, which was becoming restive. " I know nothing about it," muttered the man on foot, shrinking f urtbor back tutu the ring of gloom shrouding him. An oath sprang out from the ether. \- " Don't you seo I can't get down ?" he cried, through his set teeth. "IF you are not a lurking thief, you will como forth and do what I ask. I would not trouble you if this bruto was at all man ageable. My groom—confound him— has misted me somehow.'.' Not the appeal, or the taunt accompany ing it, but something in the voice of tho speaker caused the weary and ragged sun downer to emerge' from his obscurity into tho full light of the moon. lie took three si rides to the conveyance, nnd looked hard at the personage seated iu "Weil!'•will'yon find the gate for mo ?" asked the othor, ■ without deigning to notice tho rudeness. . - . " Yos. Where is it ; which side of thcroad?" ' ' " To the left, near yonder log.*' Tho gato was opened, and, with h»t slouched over his eyes, tho wnndoror stood holding it as tho handsomo dogcart dashed through. Fifty yards away the voliiclu was pulled up suddenly. ; " Thnnk you 1 here's your money," he cried, and down came tho ring of a heavy coin. " What place is this ?" asked the tramp. " (ilencourt, nnd this road is a short cut to it," replied the other., "Shut the gato, and put yourself on the other, side of it, my man. Them are any amount of fierce dog* at Glencourt, and lhay *re by no means partial to tramps." '* Is that Gleucoiirt uv»y yonder with all tho lights gleaming through tho win* down V queried the tiittcrdomalion. "That's it. There's .1 ball there to-night and I'm late, so mutt say ta-ta. If you're thinking of trying your luck, belter do so to-morrow. You'll get nothing to night." Whistling a snatch from same opera he drives on, the dust of his wheels Hying luck in the facu of the mumi holding the gate. Thero is a queor look on that same face as he closes the gat*> with a sharp snap, as if it had been the terriblo jaws of some sea monster closing on its prey. Tho innn doss not oven look for the money thrown to him, but limps slowly along the path tho other lias gone. It is a lirou] carriage drive, lined on cither .side with nsblo kauri pines, but it has many zig-zag windings. From trco to tree, keeping still in tho gloom, he treads his way, until a turning of tho long avenuo brings him in view of thohouso. It is a largo structure, the ground bo ing open about it. Ho can sco tho great gates of tho lodge, and tho lodge itself itbltizu with light, and tho road leading to it crowded with carriages. The placo is fully a mile distant, but nil tlm surroundings are plainly dis cernible Itoyond the mansion, on the opjHMito sido of the hedge, them is a long shrubbery, liko an arcade, and lit up with Chinese lanterns And other parti-colored lights. From this there floats upon the ears of tho Wayfarer, laUghter, and the low hum of many voices, with anon a strain of soft music " What a dovil of a strango world this is," mutters tho tramp, talking and look ing wistfully before him. " Here have I been two wholo days without a grain of food having passed my lips, and yonder tho people am surfeited with dainties. I wonder what they would say if I pre sented myself, and begged a cowl square meal '! Bah 1 ] 'in not on for any such foolery. I'm strong yet, and can wait, l'liticnco is a virtue, and, ocod ! it is tho only virtue left to me, since no other al tornntivc has been left to me but to prac tice it." Ho looks about, and finding a soft I couch of young ferns beneath the lofty canopy of a wido spreading pine, scats himself thereon, with something liko a groan of piin. " I'll stay hero till morning," ho con tinued in tho samo muttering totio, as if that kind of self colloquy was habitual to him. " There's tho dog-star only a yard high. It cau't be far off daylight. Ah! it's a good thing for a nun who hasn't the timo of day in his fob u> know some thing of tho stare. How many long hours of the night, which if thoy could bo t.itted up would go into years, haro I watched them from between tho bars of my cell at l'entridge They have seemed to mo just like a man's life—rising—soaring— falling — then gone from sight alto gether." His reflection* seem to bring another train of thought. •' I had hoped that the terrible picturo of my old lite had gone for ever from my memory," ho says, presently. "The faco of this man brings b.ick the ugly dream in all its stern reality. Why should I think of my Bufferings in that droai'fiil, earthly hell — l'entridge? Why I That man brought memories that formed the connecting link. Humph! .locelyu Vauborough, if that t*s not your voice, it was tliat of your ghost. Let me think." And he lay hack at full length on the fragrant ferns, with his hands claspsd (irmly round his head. In fitful gusts th« early morning breezo brought the strains of the far-off music to his ears, intermingled betimes with a faint peal of merry laughter. Whatever might be tho subject of his thoughts it took him along timo to think the matter out. The stars had begun to palo, giving place to the purple blush of dawn ere he moved ; when ho rose, how ever, there wai a settled, fixed purposo in his eyes, and in every lino ol his rugged face. " I'll do it. Yes, by the living Lord, I will," ho cried, as he bent his steps to wards Glencourt" CHAPTER X. SERGEANT lIUSK. Nestling amiil some of tho most bold and romantic hills to bo found in the whole of Now Zealand, Glencourt stood pre-eminent among the few places in the province of Westland as &e; seat of Major General Ashford. Tho drives around tho eslato are charm ming and matchless in their beauty. From the broad terrace on the south side of the building the landscape had a gradual fall, revealing glimpses of ex quisite patches of rock, river, and forest, and beyond these tho waters of the South Pacific Ocean. The house and grounds have cost their owner large sums of money, but General Ashford is wealthy. For the most part tho old officer is of a retiring disposition. His onlv daughter, Hilda, does the honors of Glencourt oc casionally, and does it with a skill be fitting one of the old Northumberland Ashford breed. The morning is gloriously fine, and es pecially so around Glencourt, the tatter demalion thinks, as he wends his way to wards the lodge. In the broad glare of day lie looks tho most wretched hang-dog thief that ever left the, precincts of a prison gato. The burly, well-led lodgekeeper, stand ing at his gate, notes the ragged tramp's approach. " Now then, my man, what is it ?" he cries. "If you've come for money this is the wrong shop ; but if yon wants a foed, well, I've no objections, prowidin' as you eats your wittles iiere, aud docs a job o' work for it afterwards.".. " I neither want money nor food 'at your hands," answered tho man, gruffly, at the tiame titno surveying' the portly flunkey with contempt. .. -"Oh, you don't want money, eh? Pray, what do you want, then ?" cried tho other. ■ v.';-'* ■ "Whatyou don't seem to possess— common civility," answered the tramp, aharnlv.' ", ;"*'".'.*-;.-'- 'lZ''-'T - ••' "Ah, indeed. Hera's my Lord Duke, of Rag Lane, going to leetore on wti quette,'' oried the lodgekeepar, in mt castic tones. Then changing to sudden passion he said, hoarsely, " Cane you for a battered, monlty, gntter-chick; what's your business 1" " I wish to tee Mr J. Van borough V " Of course you do—or the man in tho moon—or any other improbable person age. Now, who's Mr J. Vanborough?" " A gentleman who came to the ball last night in a drab dog cart—camo Isto, and by the short cut aloo; the ravine yonder.1' The lodgekoeper opened his sleepy eyes wide, and looked at the bundle of rags before him more attentively. "Mr Jocelyn drives a dog cart, and is at the hall; but I know of no J. Van borough who visits here,'' "aid h». " I mty hays) been mistaken in the name of the gentlemn," roplied the man. " Air Jocelyn arrived by this road about ele\ en o'clock ?" " Jnst about that hour." " If, as you say, he is at the hall, be good enough to convey a message to him from mo." " What message ?"',.." " Tell him the man who opened the gate for him lait night wishes to apeak to him on important business." Tho keeper of the lodge*, placing his fat thumb to his rubieend nose with a knowing'look, said, — ::.-.' ' "No you don't, old man. That game won't wash with Fetor Slowcome. I have no doubt bat what you are one of a gang of bushrangers - come to rob the placo." Tho tramp laughed. " Every thief thinks that his fellow is a bigger rogue than himself," he said. " If. you won't carry my message, I shall easily find other means of communica tion. Govd day to you." " Stop a minute. What i« your name, friend ?" enquired the lodgekeerier, woo ing that tho tramp wh moving away tho road he had come. Tho other reflected a moment. "If yon aro inclined to tako my mei sago, no namo will bo required." " Yea, but Mr Jocelyn may hare for gotten all about your service laat night." " True! If he has, lam content to depart without an audience." " Very well; atay where you are. I'll aend and see if Mr Jucelyn will receive you." Ho went within tho lodge, and present ly a youth in buttons came forth and crossed the lawn. Within fivo minutes hereturnod with a request that the tramp bo admitted. " Good luck, my friend ; you're bat a poor, seedy devil at beat," aaya tho keeper, opening hia lodge gate. Take care Mr Jucelyn doesn't pack you off to gaol for your pains." Without deigning a word in reply, but with a look of withering disduin at tho speaker, tho man of tatters pasted through with his limping gait, and fol lowing his conductor, entered the grand mansion. There aro so many grand rooms and corridors and passages to be pa«sod through ere they reach the wing in which tho captain is located that a change of cundnctora is necessary. An old grey ■iicmioil personage, tall and erect as a bar of iron, and attired in the undress uni form of a dragoon, comes forward to re- Hero the page. "Who is this man?" he aska. " A visitor for Mr Jocelyn, aergeant," answers tho boy. " Good ! Right-about-face, my lad. March !" cried the sergeant, as if the page had been a squad on parade drill, and tho boy, with a smile, instantly obeyed. The aergeant watches him pace the long corridor with even, military step ; then turning to the new-comer, surveys him from head to foot with unmitigated surprise. " You've been in the wan, comrade," he says, holding his head on one side and purling up his mouth. " Wars r echoed the tramp, looking hard in turn at the man before him. •• Why, yes ; I reckon I've seen service, Sergeant Gunn." At the sound of his name the old fel low drew himself up as stiff as a ramrod. " What, you know me?" he cried. " I do, certainly," answers the tramp. " Tom Guun, otherwise the slasher, at his comrades ternu*d him, served twelve years in the 7th Dragoon Guards era he •ii selected onlorly to Colonel—now General Ashford." - " Swords »jd pistols 1 Who are you ?" cried the veteran when his surprise en abled him to speak. *' Only a poor reprobate who fought for his country in the Crimea and in India in the ranks of the old 7th —that's all." " Hold up your head, and let me have a good look at you," said the old dragoon. "I knew every man in the corps, from Sergeant Major flalsom to Bates, the trumpeter. " Can you remember my face." " No," said the old fellow, after a close scru'.iny of the other's features. " I have no recollection of you. Perhaps you joined the regiment after 1 left it." "Not so." replied the tramp, with a peculiar smile. " I was saddle to saddle with pour Major Denby when he was cut in two by a, round ahot at Balaclava ; and I remember when the melee was over binding up a certain corporal's hand who had the misfortune to lose part of it, with his two fingers aUacbed. Stretch forth your hand, sergeant, and let me look at it" Tho veteran laughed. " Here it is," quoth he, "or at least what tha Russians left of it. You're no fraud, man, if you know these things. Allen Grange, of D. Troop, was theinan who ripped the sleeve lining' oat of his coat to bind up my maimed hand."' "lain that unfortonate fellow." . ~ "You!" " I, Serpeant Gunn." " Why, Grange iv bat a boy at that time, and you—you look 6f ty or more." " I have had enough hardship to make me look twice fifty," returned the tramp. "Do you recollect the 27th of August, 1857." •'That was the day of the attack on Dolhi." "Correct On the evening of that day Serpoant Gunu, with > aearch party, found ono of his regiment amongst a heap of dead Sepoys. The man was bleeding to death from a Imllot wound, which hail chattered his knee." "Ah, 1 see you're tho man," inter rupted the sergeant in a moro kindly tone. " You were lamed for life." " For life," echoed the other. " I waa discharged with a small pension and thia limp," nnd he hobbled thtee pace* along the well-csrpeted corridor and back again. "You still have the pension to fall baok udud. Gnagtl"- "" U CtntimO. MHt 