A A W! r A JIT By MRS. CAMPBELL PI1AED, Author of "The Head Station," "The Bond ofVedloek," "The Brother of the Shadow," "Paaaton and Policy,' "Kjdme," "An Australian Heroine," pnd joint author with Mr Justin McCarthy of "The Ladies Gallery," " Tue Bightt Honorable," <Lc. t Published by special arrimtnment with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXXVI.— 'Who Knows that Tin: Would May End To-xight !" Tho Dlackboys horse wis rcscive !ind had never curied a lady Hrere was nothing for 16 but that Elsie should uc pi ced on Abdcos m front of Blake Ilia gul s lieirfc throbbed with a secret and guilrj joj as he lifted tier up and held Lcr clce to hin, 1 ecpmg her firm on the saddle ibitos seemed almost to relish the burden, so sprinei'y did he btep forth They hid nearly reached the bordei of the scrub wnen the accident happened Bciore long there was a breith 01 wind, the tri-eo wideued, and pre sently thev were m the open a„ain an 1 poinu «omewb it belov/ that of tl e camp trom which they h id started for the fall-* The greit mruntairis '•o e in tneu solemn gr?nd°ur, and the outliae ot nage aud gully became aio tnct Y hat a night 16 w>3, si still but for that faint breeze which made « mysterious murnaai 111 the gum ti ees the stais glittering and UH. rncoi howmg a pale mi'kt 1 idiance Inere were more sounds hero, the dingoes were ntaicr a-id more distinct in the nve» bed, and by t1 e lagoons there wis the noi=e of mid duck swisruug the leeds and 01 the "-v/eet pi iintiv e erv of the curlew echofd fi.o-u the iiwampi iSo nee'3 110(7 for Ja k i\ uttj's pilotage Biake touched AbavOs v/ith the spur, leaving the bl et.boy with Libia's lame Lol e far behind Tu6j had reached a flat one of tho^e level traces by the ere kbmk°nd ^.batos liew over it as lightly as a bird Blake held Elsie closer, her head was gamst his shoulder, her heart beatin: wita his, she could hear hia breath come and go quickly " Who 1 now 3 tli" t the world m°y end to night'' he whispered 1 Let us do happy, EKie, for once, for the last and only titne " And holding Iiei =0, as they sped along he made many strange confidences He told her of hu 1 lid moods of excitement, during v hich he was sere ly conscious of uj> thing exiepc the overmastering neei of come engroasinc, ace on, told her of how he had embanked on his reJ less careei, of the diseovpry and planning of their hiding place, of the e\tiaord n iry success which had attended the hist of the iloonhgho escapades, of the m*nne<. in which lie hid secured 'marjior.andofhoiv hehadfir=t vain it in the deceru, of the woman who had followed him in the "Case, of h s curious tlliance w uh Tiant, unbioken in harmony till Lis e liad cuuie between them, of their joint devotion 10 the cmso of Ireland—of che iund to whi h their unholy gains were raosHj devoted , and the =ecret °ociet-\ to which th v owed their aileg ance "lnnt 1 as feathered his neat md '•o has Sam bhehan, probable," Llal e said, "bud I have laid bj notuing, L =1 , and so fa- mv h rods are free from the spending of ill gottf-u gold ' It seamed to i^lsie like some wonderful tale of romance lie described toe fascination of tha double life, the piquancy of dramatic con tra°fi between the outlaw *>nd tne lawmakei— Blake, tLe colon 1 sec-etary, and Blike, the buahran^er He tola her of his gallops tnrough the go'ges and the labyrinth of scrub m which he had worked off the fevei of his blood , of the uiad fea^s of courage, the fights with the gold escort, the dashes back to their mountain hiarag place ->nd return to decorous existence i«ii 'And oadly enough, Use 'he said, ' 1 don't regret w hat I did except lor >0-ana for one other th ng which may perhaps seem to yon an ab-uia distinction in morals that is 1 be robbery of Lady W ivery ng s diamonds I =uppo=e that ethically opeakmg there is no!) rnu^h difference between robbing a gold escort or a banK or even reljp>- lvuncan, the mi-,er millionaiie, and steal'ng <fce di^moi ds of a pcreon "/ho can veil ahoid to lore them, and vhose family have 101 geneiations been the oppres°ors of Ii eland , ba*- 13 the tiath that I yieloed very relucuan'iv" m that business and that I would give my r!fc,ht 11 nd to be able to letmn Lady \V iveiynr- nei c amonds " ' Cannot that b do ie ' 1 is e 0 1 ed "I am afraid not jL-ijfc too'c then} to Sjdney ard p^ them, or such part as he thought fit, in uhe bauds of our agent taeiQ, who would take means to tia_smit them to thtir destination I hpve no duubt, as I said, that Tiant feathered hi= our nest well I was too nek and dicgu=ted with the wnole affair to en a once the Jmig was done That'a the one act in Moonli„ht. s career vhieh =°euis soiue ho»v a blot on 111} honor The gold was ear uh s bounty and it is only fan th it somoof ltBhould go to rpdie s Ireland s wrongs , and Peter Duu can had been Lotonously a screw t > the Iris 1 fe>ttler and was «an avowed hater of the'Jnsh jne de^ervea ro be 1 l^d felauey reserved* 16 too, but Slanoy was tiue to his v,ori jj.e had me in hia gup and torehore Ob, Ll«ie, do you 1 now that 1 never en]oyccl anything more in my life th in that v/al >.ing into tho b nk with the almost cercircy of being aire°ted It was a throw of the dice, libeity the sf- ke " And then lie told her of how his love for her had grown and grown; how at first) he had begun his flirtation, believing her to be heart less and deserving of no quarter, and how he had gradually becomo caught in her toils and had straggled against her influence, at "first from mere piide, and later out of love and consideration for her. "Till I know that you were securely pledged to Frank Hallett, and that niglit I let mysslf go," he said. "I had let myself go onca before, but 1 wanted you to believe that that was only to show my mastery." ''' " And how is it to end ?" she said suddenly. "To end?' he repeated. " Moonlight's race is run. There will never be another Moon light robbery in Leichaids's Land. Years and j'ears hence the cave will be discovered and people will wonder who used it. Everything is settled. Trant goes to Europe next mail." "He wanted to take me with him," said Elsie. Blake kissed her in a passionate impulse. " Oh ! thank heaven that you were saved from that—though I don't think he would have cairied his purpose, my dear ; you have too much pluck. You would have gob away from him somehow." "Yes," said Elsie. "I should have gob away. I had made up my mind. I resolved that I would appear to yield and than if the worst came to the worst I would kill myself on my wedding-day. Are you nob afraid of him?" she asked suddenly. "Don't think me con ceited, but he must have cared for me in a wild desperate way to have planned and managed ail that scheme of carrying me off. I think he would stop at nothing. lie is dangerous and revengeful. He is capable of betraying you for having foiled his purpose." "You torget," said Blake, " that in betray ing me he would.be betraying himself—not only to the authorities here, but what is far more terrible, to the society, who would avenge me. No, my darling, don't think any more of that. Trant will go as he had Bettled. Sam Shahan wants to try ranching in America; and as tor the half-castes, they don't count." " And youasked Elsie. "I have nob decided anything yet," he paid, "except that my career is ended in Leichardt's Land. I cannot stay here and risk exposure as Moonlight. My purpose is accomplished. I have done my country some Bervice. I shall go now and light for it, in another way and another place. And do you.think," he added vehemently, " that after this night I could meet you as Prank Hallett's wife She was silent. She knew that she should never be Frank Hallet's wife, bub she would nob tell him this now. The first faint greyness of early morning was paling the stars. They were riding along comparatively easy country, skirting the Luya on the road from Barolin Gorge to the Dell. In a little time they would have reached the crossing. Elsie asked about her sister. Her heart smote her for having forgotten her. "She -is at the Dell," he said. "They buried Lord Horace in the graveyard at Tunimba, and Lady Horace and the Waveryngs went back to the Dell alter the funeral. Poor Lady Horace bore her loss with a curious com posure. She seemed far more distressed and broken by her uncertainty about you. But she said she was convinced you were not dead. She had an extraordinary intuition that Tranb had you somewhere in hiding and she had a belief that I should find you. She will not be surprised when she sees us this morning. Tell her the truth, Elsie, it you please. I mean the truth about your abduction, but keep the secret of Moonlight's lair. But if you take my advice, you will leb bhe .est of bhe world believe that you and Trant "gob lost in the mountains and that it was only by chance I discovered you." "I will leb all the world, including Ina, think so," Elsie answered. "My poor Ina! She will have no" heart for such things. Tell me," she went on hesibatingly, "was there any trouble aboub Mrs. Allanby !" "Ah! I see thab you know of poor Horace's infabuabion; it was very patent to other people. I believe there was Borne sorb of scene, bub thab it was kept from your sister. Lady Waveryng has behaved like an angel and a woman of the world in one. Ib was extraordinary the way she watohed over both Sirs. Allanby and Lady Horace, keeping them apart and arranging for Mrs. Allanby to be taken to Leichardt's Town without any suspicion. She was like a sister to thab un fortunate woman, from whom ib might be supposed that: bhe would naturally shrink as if she were poison. But noblesse oblige" he added with a laugh. "Race tells, after all. Lady Waveryng never seemed to think of her own grief and ib is certain thab she was devoted to Lord Horace." " Yes, Lady Waveryng is good," said Elsie. "I am glad that Ina has gob her now." Ib was strange, now that the novelty of the situation had worn off a little how quietly and composedly they talked. Blake gave no hope, no hint of union. They might have been part ing with a scaffold before one of them, for all the hoping or planning there was in their talk aboub the future. Bub notwithstanding the gloom and tragedy which surrounded their lives—the terrible discovery thab had come upon her, the utter hopelessness of any happi ness before them, this early morning on which she rode clasped in bis arms seemed the open ing of a new life for Jtlsie. Iter whole being was filled with a curious calm certainty. She knew the worst. She ltnew his crime, she knew the bar between them. Bub she knew ako that he loved her supremely, she knew that in life or in death she must belong to this man and no other. Her mind was made up, her course was clear. The east was aglow when they reached the crossing and the birds had begun to twitter and the cockatoos to chatter. _ It was a strange wonderful world bathed in dew and suffused with the radiance of sunrise. Blake dismounted. He had reluctantly unfolded his arms from Elsie's form. Their kiss had a great solemnity, as %vas fitting after this most nad yeb sweetf-st night in the lives of either. Blake settled Elsie on the saddle and walked beside her, holding the rein. Abatos was very quiet and as if m sympathy rubbed his sleek beautiful head against his master's shoulder. Elsie stopped and kissed the creature's shining mane. "Dear Abatos," she said. "Do you remember," she added turning to Blake, "how I once wished thab Moonlight might carry rue off on Abatos ? I have had my wish." "Not quite," he answered. "I am bring ing you home. You don't know the mad longing that seized me last night as we rode together—the longing that it might be to some far-off place, where we should ba together to our lives' end." "Why did you nob take me?" she mur mured. " Because I love you, Elsie, too well to sacrifice your life to miuo." " And if I asked you to take me ?" she said. "If you asked me I should say no—I should say go and marry the man who is more worthy 'of you than.'L" " And if I told you thab I could never marry that man—never, never, that I should feel it a crime to marry him when my hearb and soul belonged to you ?" "Then I would say 'Go back, Elsie, and wait a year, two year?,, till you are Bure of yourself—till I have made a new life and a new | home away from the shadow of old sin and sorrow and disgrace. I should say give your-1 self the chance of repenting " "And if I gave myself the chance, and if T did not repent, but longed more ardencly than now that 1. might make your happiness as you would make mine, what then?"' "Then I would take you in my arms and bid you never leave them more." They crossed the river silently' and he led her to the house. No one was stirring. He lifted her down at the log steps of the veran dah. A kangaroo hound barked and presently a aleepy islander came Blouching out of the back premises. Blake took Elsie's hand. " I will leave you now and ride back to BarMin. I am to be there for a week, making final arrangements. -If you wish to communi cate with me that address would find me at onco. But we part. Elsie, for ever." "Do we part?" she cried with a wild, half tearful laugh. " I will write to you. We shall see." "Good-bye," he said, afraid of her weak ness, tearing himself away lest his presence should influence her against; what was best for her future. "Good- bye, my dear love. God bless and keep you." He mounted Abatos and rode away. ELsie went straight to Ina's room. Ina was wide awake. Ib had not occurred to Elsie thab her unexpected appearance might give her sister a shock which might be hurtful. Ina gazed at her first as though she wer9 a ghost. Poor Ina nad the look of one who had become used lately to seeing ghosts. She said nob one word, did not utter a cry. " Ina," said Elsie, going to tha bed and taking the young widow m her arms. " Oh, my poor Inn; my darling Ina; I have come back again. I am quite safe. I have come back to be with you in your trouble." " I knew that you were not dead," Ina said, in an odd dulled voice. " I knew that God would not be so cruel as to take you from me. I knew that you would have come to me if you had been dead. Hordes has come to mo often. We have talked together. He has told me—we have forgiven each other everything." " Oh, my dearest Ina, he had nothing to forgive you." "You don't know. Oh, wasn't it sad about poor Hoiace?'' Ina went on quite calmly. " Mr. Blake has told you, I suppose, Elsie, all that has happened." "Yes, I know all thab happened. My heart ached for you, Ina." | " Bull it; was much best that uou should have taken him," Ina went on. " Horace feeis that now. It was such a bright joyous life, Elsie— that's what makes it seem so hard and he cared so ior the things of Iife—poor Horace. But God will remember all that and we don't kiow what the other life is like, dear. I think ib must be like this one, only without the sin. Horace was taken away just in.time to save him irom sin. I told her that. I told her I was glad and I think she understood. Poor woman, I was sorry for her. It was harder for her than for me." Elsie listened in silent wonder. It seemed a relief to Ina to go on. "Yea, iti was much beat so. It wasn't her fault, and ib wasn'n his. If I had loved him he might have cared for me, That was the wrong from the beginning. He had a loving nature, poor Horace. People cannot help caring for one person more than for another, Elsie. They ought not to be judged hardly. The sin is in marrying one person when you love another. You may think you will get over it, but you never do—you never do. Io is always a canker in the heart." And now Elsie knew what Ina had done for her. She had vaguely suspected it as a possi bility, but she had not allowed herself to think of it as a fact. "Elsie," Ina said suddenly, "I have learned a good deal while I have been sitting quiet here since Horace died. I have been wrong wrong irom the beginning. There is no use ever in trying to go against nature and one's heart. I was wrong in helping to persuade you to marry Frank. You don't love him, you love Mr. Blake; and Mr. Blake loves you. I saw that very well when he talked to me after you were lost. I knew that he would find you. Love always finds the way to the one that is dearest.- Elsie, don't marry Frank if you love Mr. Blake. Only harm will come of it; and God may not be merciful and take him away as be took Horace. But I ought not to tell you now; you won't understand." And the poor thing burst for the first time into hysterical sobbiut?. "Yes, I do understand," Elsie said, taking Ina in her arms and soothing her like a child. " I understand everything, Ina. I made up my mind last night, dear, last night when we rode together, and it was all so aad and solemn ; don't ask me about it. I can never speak of it as it really was to anybody in the world ; but I knew that he loved me, and I knew that I would rather die than be any other man's wife. I have been a vain thought less girl all my life, and I never knew what love meant, the sacredness and the wonder and mystery of it, and how it is the one thing in the world that comes next to God and heaven. But I know now, and I know what you feel—that it is a crimo, when we know, to marry without) love. I don't love Frank, he is no more than a brother to me. And I do love Morres Blake with all my soul. We shall never marry, perhaps—I don't know, not for a long time, if ever; but if I do not marry him i will die without having 'been the wife "of any other man. I am going to tell Frank that, Ina, as soon as I can see him." "He is here," said Ina. "He came very late last night. He was worn out. He has been searching for you through the scrub and the gorges. I told him that Mr. Blake had gone to look for you and it seemed to re lieve him. He had a feeling like me that Mr. Blake would find you., But oh ! Elsie, I nijvor noticed before how pale you are—how different. My dear, have you been wandering all this time—did you have food to eat 1 How did you lose yourself 1 Where is Mr. Trant ?" "He—he had an accident," Ebie said. "Shehan is with him. Don't ask me about him. .Ina, try and keep them from asking too many questions. Some day I will tell you all about it, but not now. You're not fit for it, nor am I. The very thought of it makes me shudder." "Did he lose you on purpose then?" said Ina. "I hated that man. He wanted to marry you, Elsie. He loved you in a wrong way. Where wore you all this time ?" "We are in a cave in the mountains. I was quite safe. We lost ourselves. Mr. Trant did not behave badly on the whole, Ina. It wasn't his fault, perhaps. Oh, is nothing anybody's fault?" she cried and became hysterical with fatigue and excitement. Lady Waveryng came in just at the right time and forebore at Ina's request to worry Elsie with questions, but like the tender practical lady she was took Elsie to her room, and a bath and hob coffee and Miss Briggs'a ministrations, and then when she had seen that Elsie was all right and had eaid a few re assuring words about Ina and Epoken with tears of Horace and her own love and regret for him, and intention that Ina should henceforth take his place in her heart, Lady Waveryng wont to tell her lord the good news of Elsie's return, and to see that Frank Halletb was likewise in formed. Lady Waveryng was the stay of everybody in those days, shrewd, practical, dignified, and full of womanly sympathy, which she con tinued to manifest in the course of that miserable episode of Mrs. Allanby. Later on, when the way was smooched for her return to social life, Mrs. Allanby had cause to bless " Em " Waveryng. {Tolcconiinucd.) ' - 