THE SEPTEMBER SHOW. Fortunately for everybody concerned the weather on Friday was much better than on the opening day, ''^ the sunshine illumined the proceedings. A keen wind during the night and early mnrnmg had fortunately dried npmiKh of the mud and clop of the previous tut : but it is hieh time that the society and the Government arrived at some conclusion as to whether the shows are to be continued in the present grounds or removed to the larger grounds behind the Jubilee Exhibition Build ing. Owing to the rain on Thursday the roads, pathsL and footway in the ehowyaxds were ankle deep in mire, and the ladies pre sent were placed at great inconvenience and Buffered much discomfort, while it was un pleasant enough even to the Bterner sex to be wading through the mud. It would be a good ualief work for the unemployed to underBake the construotion of new yards in the Jubilee Exhibition Grounds — msilnnfr the roads and pathways, and preparing the place for the future removal of the sheds, &c; The con dition of the grounds on Thursday was simply a disgrace to Adelaide, and even visitors from the country as well as those from other colonies muBt have been surprised and disgusted with the condition of the place under foot. Year by year also, as population increases, the necessities of the society in the matter of space be come more pressing, and there was hardly room on the present occasion for the spread of canvas Heeded for the poultry, the carriages, and other exhibits, and a a year or two hence the implement mafcers will be demanding more space. Although the horee ring is a fair size it is hardly up to the requirements of the jumpers, and its approaches are much cramped on the side near the Bheds, while another en closure is needed for the horses and convey ances that are waiting to be called into the ring. At present they have to mingle with the crowd and startle people with the impression that they are in danger oE being run over. All these objections must be obviated and required improvements made if the society is to hold its position as the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society of the ookmy. While the necessity for immediate improvement is only too appa rent the need of future requirements must also be taken into consideration, and this should determine she sooiety upon making a staenuous effort to get as speedily as possible into the larger grounds adjoining, wnere also a more BpaoiouB and imposing structure is waiting use in the Exhibition Building iteelf. The atten dance on Friday was very large, fully 6,000 people being present on the show grounds, and while the jumping events -were going on the fence round the ring was lined round end round several people deep, who craned over each other's shoulders to get a view of the proceedings, and had to submit to unpleasant overcrowding. When the new grounds are obtained this defect will no doubt be remedied by the making of a sloping bank, as on the oval, and the erection of teats. His Excellency the Governor and Buite arrived during the afternoon, aod I-ord Kintore entered the ring and remained till late in the afternoon, evincing considerable interest in die proceedings, us his lordship is well- known to be not only a good judge of a horse, but also of the style in which 'it ehould be ridden. The Premier (the Hon. C. G. Kingston) was also present in the ring ;with Mrs. Kingston, and these were the only visitors who were inside the oharmed circle besides the officials and compe titors, as the unpleasant duty devolved npon Mr. iPfesooe and one or two other stewards to intimate to several good supporters of the society who (Weired to be under the shelter of flie big tree, that* etriet rule bad been made to prevent the invasion of the enclosure. Those wbo received this intimation had the grace to retire, with the knowledge that the stewards were only carrying out a duty enjoined upon them for the good of the society. Hobses in Action. This section of the show, which is annually increasing in popularity and invariably draws Idle citizen, contingent as well as the country visitors, is bo well represented on the present oacasion that the programme Bet down for Friday could not be completed. The judges— Messrs. Seth Ferry and Dr. J. A. G. Hamil ton—bad an arduous task before them, which, however, they were fully qualified to under take, but the bill of fare was too big to be got through in the time allotted. It would be much better on future occasions if the judging of turnouts, &a;, commenced at noon, and the jumping to be started not later than half -past 2. On Friday the judging was begun at 3 o'clock, and it was some two hours later ere the jumping was begun, and before the ponies had competed over the hurdles hundreds of people had left the grounds, and at last darkness intervened, and some classes low on the programme, who had been waiting about risce 1 o'clock, had to take their departure without being adjudicated upon. This, as we have stated, was not the fault of the judges, but a defect in detail of arrange ment which rests entirely with the committee. The first to enter the ring; and against whom there waa unfortunately no competition, was Mr. O. Hughes's handsome pair of carriage horses, to whom the first prize was awarded. For a harness pair Mr. W. H. Morrish was first, Mr. R. Barr-Smith's pair not bong according to the conditions. Mr. John Hill's old prise-winner Stanley again carried oS first honors as a single harness horse, Dr. Hamilton's Prince being second. The turnout of trolly horses and trollies waa highly creditable to the firms represented, and Messrs. J. Reid & Seas' pair just beat Mr. D. Reed's Punch and Tiger for first honors/the latter obtaining the eecond prize. As a waggonette horse Me W. B. Cowan's was the best and Mr. J. Hill's Stanley second. Dr. Ewbank'e harness pair (greys) beat Mr. A. Cunningham's. The single trolly horses were aV very good lot, and there was active competition. The prize fell to Captain, of the Adelaide Chemical Works, and second honors to Mr. H. Graves's representative. Mr.JLJJ. Burdett, Jan., took first for 'pony pairs *d Mrs. Iu G. B. White second honors. Dr. Ewbank was again successful in winning the single boggy horse prize against Mr. C. H. Wflkmson's Dick, who was second. There were not many tandem teams, but those shown were a stylish lot, and Mr. W. J. Thomson landed first honors with Teddy and Spot, Mr. EL D. Young coming eecond. The best harness pony was Mr. A. J. Barker's creamy. Me O. Hughes's siey being second. The big event of the day was the jumping competition amongst the hunters, for which there were 21 entries, and all but one came to the post. The first prize was £12, the second £8, and the third £1, and it was imntnafa^j that the com mittee would like the rideraJto wear hunting coaU or jockey's colors, and thie^aVkire was in the main complied with. Two or three hunting men, however, pro tested against appearing in scarlet, because it was not in the conditions, and also because the show ring was not the hunting field, and it was not advisable for scarlet to be wont for 'show'' purposes. This is only a minor matter, however, in which no doubt the riders will be left to please themselves. It took a considerable time to deal fairly with the 20 different competitors, the majority of whom were jumping remarkably weU, but in their final decisions the judges came very close to public opinion when they awarded the first prize to Mr. John Hill's K««ilt«« (Mr. Percy Hill in the saddle) : the second to Mr. D. MoKenzie's Motala (Mr. RaUi), and the third to Mr. T. H. Murray's Grub. The old prise-winner Josephns jumped as well as any of them, but after calling him up for a final inspection the judges considered that the quality and youth of the three selected were before the older horse,and they gave their decision accordingly. This has been a moot point hitherto as to whether the judges were to take quality into consideration, and the judgment given on Friday will no doubt establish a pre cedent. A well-known hunting man who was not impugning the judges' decision said he would prefer to ride Josephns over a' few miles of country than any horse in the ring. The judges knew that in Motala they had a horse before them who finished Beoond in the Grand National Steeplechase, and therefore could Blot ignore his pretensions, while some of the others who jumped well enough would not have had the ghost of a show of getting a place in such an event, Mr. Frank Downer was the only rider who had the bad luck to get a fall through his horse Kingnsh slipping and striking the jump heavily. Both horse and rider came over a purler — the horse onjhis back — and it was very lucky that his rider was just dew of his heels when be kicked out before regaining his feet. Mr. Downer placidly remounted at once and took the next lump flying, and was rewarded with cheers. For the jumping prize for ponies sixteen com petitors entered, and the first money, £5, was eventually awarded to Mr. E. J. Loche's bay, ridden by Mr. Balli ; the second money, £3, to Mr. Hani's Lucy (owner up, and his fourth ride into a place) : and the third money £L to Mr.,W. B. Sellsfs Topsy. Sir. Allan Baker's E«dy -May just missed a prize through going oS in the first round, but as the hurdles were afterwards lengthened an advantage was given bo the competitors who came later. Some of bhe pomeB jumped quite as well as the horses, Mid might have taken the big sticks instead of the hurdles. It being past 6 o'clock and dark ness looming the judgee decided that the claesea eft on the card ehould be judged first on Saturday, and at 1 o'clock to-day these will inter the ring, and the other portion of the programme will follow. Docs. Most of the do^B were cut at the recent ex hibition of the Dor and Poultry Society, and the faces of not a few were familiar to kdow goers. There was, however, a dbstinct im provement on the show of twelve months ago. According to Mr. J. C. Coupe, the Victorian expert who came over to judge the dogs, there is still plenty of room for improvement in many of the classes. Though Mr. Coup* is ' fresh from an inspection of th« best kenn«!e or j the old country, he is not setting up too high I a standard trbeo be j»ye than. He, better! than anyone, is aware that the most celebrated strains of blood in the world runs in the veins of the crack dogs of the old land. Here famous sires and riuts are not always at the disposal of lovers of the dog, and in building up the growth has of necessity to be somewhat slow. Mr. Rae, another Vio torian expert, did the judging ati the recent poultry and dog show, and we ware not in the least surprised to 6nd that Mr. Coupe has reversed that gentleman's decision in more than one case. At the former exhibition Mr. Rae awarded the first prize in theSrougb-coated collie dogs class to Mr. S. T. Thomas's Robin de Bofe, who ia by MetcUsy Wonder out of Pepita, and gave him the special also. Mr. Coupe reversed the decision by awarding fcrst honors to Mr. G. Laughton's dog, by Westwood Victor (imp.), out of Aberfeldie Lassie. Mr. Thos.;Eoack showed Prince Charlie, who is out of the same litter as the prizewinner, which is a remarkably even collie, but lacking some of the points of Mr. Laughton'H exhibit. Although the Williams's and Edgccumbe's no longer fight in the show ring tor honors with St. Bernards two of the dogs bred in their respective kennels came out to do battle for the first ticket. There was nothing to beat Mr. J. H. Weidenhofers big rough coated dog at the Poultry Society's show and Mr. Rae awarded him the honors. Here, however, Don Carlos, a handsome dog owned by Air. R. A. Bohme, disputed with the big fellow, and Mr. Coupe's decision rested with the former. The winner Don Carlos was bred by the Messrs. Williams, and is by Young Bruce out of Lady Adelaide. He is one of a large Utter the old iady gave birth to, and there was not a poor qualified dog among the lot. Don Carlos was recently sent to the sister colony, but owing to the eudden illnees of the owner he was prevented from ehowine him across the border. The fox terriers were a nice even lot, but Mr. C. H. Angas's dogs had a royal march, as they scored in the class for fox terrier dogs and bitches and in the puppy division. Mr. Angas's foxies are remarkably nice specimens ot the breed. Mr. W. H Osborne scored with his Irish terrier bitches, the second prize animal being one that he bred himaplf In-4ke same class for dogs Messrs. R. K. Coliey and W H. Osbome were the only exhibitors, and the former gentleman's doe secured the judge's verdict. Mx. Caleb Peacock has made a speciality of those pretty little dogs, the dachshund, and he had things all liis own way. Among the Betters Mr. J. P. Williams showed a Gordon bitch with a nice litter. There waa only one dog shown in this class, the animal being Mr. W. Kriechock's, which gained the award. In pointers and setters Mr. A. W. Wars was in strong force, and he only met with opposition in the Irish class, but defeated Mr. G. Ayton's exhibit. Four shapely greyhounds were on view, and Mr. W. Colyer's dog, who was bred by Mr. Messenger, beat his opponents. The grey bounds, St. Bernards, fox-terriers, and collies were the feature of the eiiow, and next year we hope to see an improvement even in iheee classes. Miscellaneous. Mr. Fred. Metters, tha enterprising maker of patent improved ovens and other modern cooking apparatus, has a marquee to himself near the Exhibition liuilding, and his collec tion attracts a considerable cumber of specta tors, more especially as thesavory aroma ot rcaet joints, of omelettes, and dainty fruit patties appeal to the olfactory senses of the spectator. Mr. Metters has now been several years before the public as a maker of his patent ovens, and over 2,300 of these kitchen essentials are now in use. It is claimed for this oven that it needs only the one fire on top to roast, bake, and boil, end not like the American and others with the tire at the side necessitating a strong draught to carry the heat to the bottom of the stove.' therefore burning more fuel than the Metters oven, wh ich can be used outside as well as inside the bon°e, and ia equal to bakers' owns iu cooking. No brickwork is needed, and copper boiler' can be affixed at the side. The oven can be had with the rapid boiling plates. It needs only half the draught of other stoves. The tiues at the sides and round the cooking chamber are all open, the oven getting all the heat before escaping up tho chimney. All castings are guaranteed, any part breaking with ordinary care being supplied free of cost, and water can be thrown on the plates without fear of breakage. These are all important features in connection with an oven, and are well appreciated as the great sale testifies. An immenee kitchen range is also on view, used by a confectioner for cooking dainties in view of the spectator?, and this also is self -setting, requiring no brick work, and only u.°es fuel to the value of f«. or 6s. a WHek. Cast- iron copper frames for boilers, and steel frames for the same purpose are also on view, and various other novelties which deservedly attract a large amount of attention. During his visit to the Ehow on Friday his Excellency the Governor inspected the asbestos goods ehown by Messrs. Allen, Wiliianip, and Co., and expressed himself very much pleased with the exhibit. Messi^ Eatchelor and Archibald also expressed their approval of the articles on view. In our report in Friday's issue it was stated that the Homsby open-end binder exhibited r.t the show is identical with the machine to which the first prize was awarded at the recent field trial of the Royal Agricultural Society of England held at Chester. Messrs. Clutterbuck Brothers have pointed out to us that this is incorrect, 'as the official award of the judges in Eng land declares the open-end binder of the Massey-Harris Company and that of Messrs. HornEby & Company of equal merit, and the prize-money was accordingly divided.' The secretary of the society informs ns that in the Ayrshire dairy cow class Mr. J. Ed mondson was awarded the second prize. The following is the list of prizes awardsd on Friday:— Hones. — Judges of saddle and harness corses and hunters— Mr. Selh Ferry aud Dr. J. A. G. Hamilton. Cwriafre pair in private cee, not leas th&n; 1G bond*, £5, O. Hngtaee. Harness pair, 15 and under 10 bands, £5, W. H. Morrish. Single haroeu horss, 1M bands or over, to be ehown in gi(r or dog-cart, £4, John BilTs Stanley; £2. Dr. A. J. A- Hamilton's Prince. Beet pur troilr borece and trollv. turnout complete, £3, John Reid end Sons; £2, David Beid. tir.yie harness hor*e, 161 bands or over, to be shown In a waggonette, £4~ W. B. Comn ; £2, John HiiL Harness pair, 1*1 and under IS hanlu, £4, Dr. W. W. Ewbank; £1, A. Connineham. Best empta trollv bone ana trolly (turnout complex), £2, Adelaide Chemical Works Company; £L. H. Graves. P^ny pair, 13 S and under 14.1 bands, £3, J. G. Burdett, Jan.; £1, Mm. L- White. Single butaiy bone under If.t hunde, £3. Dr. W. W. Evbaok; £1, O. H. Wilkinson. Tandem team net orer 11.1 bards. £4, W. J. Thomson; £2, H. 1). Younfr. Best harness pony, 18.2 and under 14.1 bands, £4, A. J. Barker; £2. O. Hughes. Honter. to carry IS St. orer such Jumps es the com mittee determine, £12, John Hill's K&ulbars; ; £8, D. McK*nrie'B Uotaia; £.t, T. Bops Murr»»'e GruS. Jompina; prize for ponies IA 1 h&uaa; and under, carry mpnot less t- st. over open nurdta, £5, £. J. Locke ; £3, S. 8. Balli ; £1, WVB. Sells. Dogs.— Judge — Mr. J. C. Coupe, Melbourne ; steward, Mr. J. Orwell. Jla'tiS dog. 10s, Everett andCj. Kewloondlaod dof, 10s, A. K. & F. Tolley. St. Bernard roocn- coawd dog, 10-, K. A. Bohme ; 5;i. H. Weidenhof er ; c, J. Muller. St. Bernard rough-coated bitaf-, fr. W. Kitecbke & Go. St. Bernard smorth-coateij or rongh-coaied yonrjp doc or bitch, Ids, B. A. Bohme. Grejbonud dog, 10s, W. Oolyer; fie. G. Bogers; v.hc, W. H. 11 U ford ; c^, B. JJcEwin. Greyhound bitch, 10s, O. BogerB; 6b, W. Colyer; v.h.c J. OresweU. Greyhound poppy hitcn. lOe, J. GreeweU; Ss, V. O. Cheek. Deerhoand do?. 10% G. A) ten. Deerhound bitch, 10s G. Ayton. Boarhound dej, 6*. Mrs L. G. liayley White. Pointer dofr, 10?, A. W. Ware. Setter, English, dog. 10s, A. W. Ware, better, English, bicob, 109, Allan Baker. Setter. Irish, dog, 10c, A W. Ware. Setter. Ii ish, bites, 10k, G. Ayton ; 6s, W. Col yer. Setter, Gordon, doe, 10s, W. Krinchock. Re wiever. bitch, 10a, W. R. BrownandCo. Spaniel, field, dor, 10?, G. Aytoa. Spaniel, cocker, doe;, 6s, W. Nittchke&Oo.; Spwiel, cocker, blteb. Ids, A. Brown. Co'lie. ronjrta-aoated do*r, 10», G. lAuebton, jun. ; te. E. T. Thomas ; T.h.o.,G. f^au^hton and Co ; h.-L,T.Ii«aeh. Collie, romch-coaied bitch, 109, 8 T. Tnotna? ; 6s.. G. Iisnghton, jun.; v.h.a, G. Langhton. Collie, rough coated puppy dog, 10b, S. T. Thomas. Ooilie, rough ooated pupoy bitch, 10s, O. Peacock. Collie, emooth coated bitch, 10a, Allan Baker. Fox-terrier aog, 10b, O. H.Angae; 6s, W. R. Brown and Go. Frxterrier bitch, 10b, O. H. Acf as ; Ba, C. H. Ang&\--. Fox-terrier poppy, dag or bitch, 10s, O. H. Ang» ; 59, C. H. Arjgas. DacnahnDd, Oog or bitch, 10s., C. Peacock. Sky terrier, dog or bitoo, 6s, A. E. and F. ToUey. Irish terrier, Aog, 10b, B. H. Coliey ; 6e, W. H. Oebom. Irish terrier Utcb, 10s. W. B. Osborn ; Ge, W. H. Osliom. Bull terrier dog, ltts, W. Oolyex; fie, W. H. Osborn. Bull terrier bitch, 10b, W. H. Osbora. Sough coated Australian terrier dog, 10s, Ceo. Ayton. Boogh-coaied Australian terrier biccb, 10s, Geo. Aytcn ; £s, B. A Bobme. Biack-aod-tan terrier bitob, 10a, W. B. Brown. Pngdoc. 10s. V. O. Cheek ; 5e. A. J. Mnrray. Pag bitch, 10s, Geo. Ayton ; 5s. V. O. Cheek. Toy terrier, dog or bitch, lttt. J. f. Mellor. Any other Tariety. dog or bitch, 108. Un. L. G. Bayler Whit- ; Et, Allan Baker; c, lira. G. B. Wnite; b.c, W. H.Uray. ? 