FICTION. from ICngllst ( Amcrtena, nnd Olbvr periodical!. DON DIAMOND. CHAPTER IX. THE DISCOVERT. Don Ramon had spoken to the friendless second cabin passenger out of a mere whim of kindness. The captain had told him that the poor fellow was all alone and could not talk a word of Portuguese, while his handsome face and gentlemanly manner had prepossessed the old Spaniard, who could afford to make acquaintances on ship-board which could be easily dropped on land. He could not understand why it was that this young stranger gave such a start when he in- dicated his daughter and mentioned her name; but, he made no sign that he noticed it ; and the other in a voice of some agitation, said : " I beg pardon ; but did I understand you to say that-" And then, as if remembering himself, added hurriedly! "But you wish to know my name, of course ? It is Alexander James." Don Ramon inclined his head with a courteous, kindly smile. The faint shadow of hesitation which tha other exhibited, in his abstraction, in giving his name, did not escape him ; but he made no comment save to reply, turning the name into Spanish : "Don Alessandro, you veel not take an old man's vord unkindlee ven I Bay dat you are ver' foolish young man to go to a place like Para and know no von at all. You know de Spanish ?" "Enough to read it fairly, sir," stammered James, feeling that the old man was asking a good many questions, but nerving himself to reply to them. Then something in Don Ramon's face encouraged him to say : " But I have heard that an active, energetic man .an always gee something to do, anywhere." " Dat eez tme, ia a certain sense. You haf a trade, a profession ? You are ? Pardon ; you need not speak eeS you do not veesh to." And the old don, with all his inquisitiveness, looked so thoroughly kind- hearted that James replied: " I can draw ; that is all, sir." His cheek burned as he uttered the last words. He feared that his long privation from all sorts of drawing might have ruined his hand forevermore. The old don lifted his eyebrows in slight but «vident surprise. "You draw? Aha' You are, perhaps, artist, den ? You paint vid de oil ?" "I used to do it, sir." The fugitive made his reply rather timidly, for he could not help thinking of the men who had watched him cn board and of the modern resources of the telegraph, which make a recapture so easy. Zuniga seemed to be pleased by the answer, for he said " Dat eez goot. I love de art, and so does my Carmen. Come over, and ve vee! see vat you fink of her for take a portrait. Eet veel make do voy- age seem shorter, and I pay you for eet." And without waiting for an answer, the old gentleman, who, as the humble passen ger afterwards found out, owned more than half the cargo of the ship, ran hiB arm through that of the stranger and took him over to the lady on the other side of the deck, to whom he said briskly : " Carmen, my shild, Don Alessandro Diego, an artista from New York, who do us de honor to travel veed us. Vat you say ? How you like to have your portrait taken ?" And then he turned round to look at the young man, and perceived that Don Alessandro was as white as a sheet, and staring at the lady as if he bad sean a ghost. .For Carmen Zunicra at twenty-two was the exact image of the other Carmen, who seventeen years before, had sat in her place in the crowded court- room, when John Len was convicted and sentenced to prison for twenty years. For a moment it seemed to Don Alessandro as if sea, sky, ship, and all were whirling round, as he gazed into that darkly beautiful face. Nevertheless, he recovered himself quickly ¡ for there was something in the expression of that face, similar as were the features, which told him. that this Carmen was a very different person from the old and bitterly remembered Carmen. The large, dark eyes were marvellously soft and gentle in expression ; and there was a sweet smile on the curved lip ae she said, in the same delicious broken English as her father : "I love de artista, Don Alessandro. You paint?" "Ido-that is, I have not painted for some years," he stammered. "I have no materials on hoard, señorita, but-" " But I adore de art !" she exclaimed, enthu- siastically, " and I am a leetle dat vay myselfa, and I am sure dat you can, perhaps, help me vid my sketch. See my book." She had been drawing while she was sitting on the steamer-ohair, and showed him a hasty but spirited sketch she had taken, looking forward to the bows of the ship, with a shoal of flying-fish going across the prow, caught with a good deal of truth. The stranger looked at the sketch-book with eyes that seemed as if about to swim m tears. It was so long since he had seen anything of the sort, immured in the midst of his sordid surroundings, that it came to him like a shock. Nevertheless, the artist instinct, that never dies, awoke in him ¡ and, without thinking of what he did, he pointed out a few alterations in the dial- ing, showing such capacity that the old don nodded his head thoughtfully, though he said nothing, and natantly dashed into a general conversation on art matters-the first that the stranger had enjoyed for seventeen years. The young lady entered into the spirit of the thing with her father, and when at last the bell rang for dinner, the Becond-cabin passenger turned away rather sadly, thinking that he had forgotten himself for a while, but that now he would h'avr to give up this pleasant acquaintance, to which he, a lunted man and an outlaw, had no right. They separated for the noon meal, but again, in the afternoon, the old don Bought ¿at Mr. James, or " Señor Diego," as he insisted on calling hitn and insensibly led him to talk again with his hand, some daughter and himself. The poor fellow could not help indulging in the conversation, which brought back to him so many memories of bia own paBt, sweet as well as bitter. Thus it happened, at last, that the conversation drifted to the subject of the Ralstons, and Carmen asked him : "Deed you evajre see de ehild oE my cousin Carmen, Mees Lydia Ratlastona ? She eez not likf her moder, at all. She is fair, blonde. Von vould hardlee«t'ink she vaB deir sbild, Don Alessandro." The young lady noticed Don Alessandro looking' at her in a peculiar way, but she had got used to that by this time. She and her father had settled it between them that this strange ycung man was poor and proud, and tbat they would have to draw him out and befriend him. Don Alessandro asked her, in a rather smothered voice : ""What child, Señorita? J did not know they had any child." " Oh, yes, a most beautiful shild. Indeed, she look like de picture of de angel in de church,' Carmen Zuniga answered enthusiastically. " Ve call on dem before ve leave de citee and see her. I ask how she get dat name, and my cousin tell rae dat it vas after a daughter of dat old Señor RallaBtona, dat die earles." "And you say her name was Lydia Ralston ?" asked Don Alessandro, so low that she could hardly catch the words. Carmen nodded and smiled. " Vy, yes. And I fall in love veed her, so young andbeautifool, senor. Stay ! I deed ask her for her photograph, and she geef eet me. You shall see for yourself eef she vas not beautifool. I come back at vonce." Don Ramon was forward by this time, smoking a cigar, and when the girl left the deck to go into the cabin, Señor Diego was left alone. There was a tense, Btrained expression abeufe his face, as he looked over the rail at the blue distance that no one else saw. "Ob," he murmured, "if it could only bp possible ! But they told me she was dead. No, it cannot be. But if-if it were so !" Then a sterner and fiercer look came into the eyes of the stricken man, as he looked over the sea and muttered : " If it be so, then, Raymond Ralston, look to your- self!" He turned and paced the deck till Carmen Zuniga c une baek, holding in her hand a photo- graph, just as her father came from the bow and said in his gentle way : " Vat you show dere, Carmen ? Auoder sketch P Ve most not trouble Señor Diego veed de effort of de amateur." " No, no, papa ! Est eez but de portrait of dat eveet little Lydia Ballastona !" Carmen replied eagerly, showing him the photograph. With that ehe put it into Diego's hand, asking triumphantly : - I " Is she not beautiful, señor ?" I The maa took the picture and gazed at it lik» one in a tranc« for the space of nearly a minute. He had partially turned his back to them, so that they only caught a side-view of his face ; and old Don Ramon noticed that a gray pallor was creeping over it, which alarmed him. Then he saw Don Ales- sandro staying to and fro more than the motion of the vessel required, and all of a sudden down dropped the second-cabin passenger on the deck like a dead man, without a sign or cry to show that he was going. Of course there was an instant bustle on deck the señorita giving a scream of terror at the sight while her father's exclamation of sympathy and alarm brought the captain and one of the mate s I rushing to raise the fallen man. He was hastily taken into his cabin and the ship's surgeon summoned, who asked what had bap- I pened, and, when he learned the particulars, merely shrugged his shoulders and pronounced it " a queer case." How long the swoon or fit, into which Jobn Moore, alias Alexander James, had fallen, lasted, he did not know ¡ but he woke up in his berth, with the doctor looking at him gravely and feeling his pulse, while old Don Ramon, his face full of concern, stood by the side of the berth, waiting for the verdict. It all seemed like a feverish dream to John til1 he saw the old don's face, and then the memory of his danger came over him, and he began to think of some way of accounting for the swoon. Ho knew well enough that he bad seen the picture of his daughter. There was no mistaking the marvellous likeness between her and her mother at the same same age. Eut it would never do to let these people know who he was, and, perhaps, be put in irons at once and sent back to that feaiful prison from which he had so lately escaped, there to en dare, God knew, how roany more years, in punish, ment for the crime of daring to " escape" from " the majesty of the law." Never had John Moore felt so keenly as then the cruelty of his lot, when evea the sight of his own child's portrait had led him into danger. So he affected to be drowsy and stupid, as if his fall had been a mere matter of ordinary illness, and closed his eyes after he had opened them, hearing the doctor say doubtfully : " I can't tell what is the matter with him, Señor Zuniga. The pulse is not that of a sick man at all, but perfectly healthy, only a little hurried, as if there had been a shock. I think the best thing that can be done with him is to let him have a good sleep', and, perhaps, he will wake up all right." " Eef you fink dere is danger for heem, sare, let heem be put into de best stateroom in de main cabin," the old gentleman said with greet earnest- ness. " I feel interest in dat young man, so lonelee and friendless, I know not vy, sare, and de sharge shall be mine." " Not the least need of that," returned the doctor, promptly. " I tell you the only thing we can do for him, Don Ramon, is to let him sleep." And with that they left the cabin, and John Moore was alone to think over how he should explain what had happened when he had to go back on deck. He never felt so ashamed in his life as he did of having fainted away like a girl at the sight of that picture ; and yet he could not help longing to see it again. It had seemed to him as if the image of his dead wife, as he remembered her in her beautiful lifoi had been looking out at him from that photograph. However, there was nothing to be done but to live out his life, and, for the first time since he had escaped from the prison, he began to feel a vague sense of a future coming to him m his heart. The dreams of treasure might come true after all j and if they did, there might be a future left oven for bim. He did not dare admit to any one that he was not sick that day, but remained in his berth till night came, pretending to he drowsy, and not getting up until it was dark. Then he went out on deck as he heard the ship's bell strike four times. He knew that it was then ten o'clock at night, by which time most of the passengers were asleep. Then he began to pace up and down in the shadow of the smoke-stack, but had not gone far when he saw Don Ramon come toward him, and began to nerve himself for the questions he knew to be coming. The old don took him by the band kindly and expressed himself as glad to find him better. Then he quietly invited Moore to come to the taff rail of the ship and smoko a cigar with him, saying: " I vant to speak to you a leetle, sare." John obeyed, his heart beating faster than usnal. There was something in the kindly way of the old man that made the fugitive hate to deceive him ; and yet he dared not tell the truth. Don Ramon saved him the trouble in a way he little expected. He gave him a cigar and smoked in silence, after they had taken seats by the stern of the ship, for nearly ure minutes before he spoke. When he did, it was to say, quietly: " Sare, I fink I know your storee. You are de fader of dat shild. Listen, sare, and say no vord. 11 know vat my daughter do not, dat de child dey [ call Lydia is not de child of Carmen Eallastona. I do rcmembaire well, ven she tell me, she have adopt dat shild, from an asylum, seventeen year ago. Sare, you faint at de sight of dat shild's face. Who, sare, vas de modaire ? I ask onlee dat." Poor John trembled when he heard the grave voice of the old don. "Don Ramon," he said earnestly, "if you know so much about that child you know more. You may know her mother." "Sare, I do," was the still graver reply. "I remetnbaire dat ladee. I know also, vat you do not know, dat.de piopertee of Don Silas Eallastona vas left +,o de sbild of dat ladee. Nay, I even do re membaire de name of her husband. He was arteest, and his name was Don Juan Moro. Sare, eef you faint at de sight of dat face, vow arc Moro. Nay do not fear. Ramon Z arriga veel never betray de unfortunate. Sare, dat youngman deed disappear, veed heez wife. I ask of you, vere deed he go, and vat became of heem ?" Moore turned on him with a swift, impulsive gesture of appeal. "If I tell you all will you keep my secret ?" was all he asked. " Sare," was the reply, " say on. I must judge for myself of dat." And then, in short, broken sentences, John Moore told his cruel history. He told of the wrong done to him, of his imprisonment, his escape, and even of the hopes he entertained of regaining his name at last. When he had finished, Don Ramon said slowly : " Alone you can do not'ing. Veed my help all may be accomplished. Sare, eef vat you tell me is de truf, and not'ing but dat, I veel help you to seek for dat treasure, and aftervard to unmask dat villain. I blush dat he bear dat name, Ramon, as I do. He should be call some vile name, dat mean traitor. I veel help you." Then John Moore, standing in front of the old man on the deck of the ship, under the star-light, raised his hand to heaven, and swore : "Don Ramon, what I have said is the truth. Whether the story of the treasure be true or not, I know not; but this I swear, that if it be, every penny shall be spent to secure justice if it can be secured, and to prove my gratitude to you, the first friend I ever met in this world." 