J A .'RAOING DItEMMA.v BURING a Turf career of over/a quastsi? . , of century I have been inadvertently placed in numerous awkward positions, iub the' dilemma' 'abonb whioh1 'I am going to writewas, everything .considered, the most trying of the lot. The'circumstance took place at a north- country meeting, where Ibad six' or eeyen horses running, and I bad . travelled .from Newmarket to look after them. By the way, my fellow passengers from .tho, metro polis of the Turf wore Fred. Aroher!' and Harry Constable, both destined-to an early, death. Strolling into George- street after breakfast, on the' morriing of the'lirst day's racing, I met Captain A., the well-known gentleman rider, who lias, alas! also gone to join the majority, and who, like myself, always had a few horsee in training. ' "The very man I wished to see," he remarked. " You have a horse in the Members' Handicap?" I rep/led in the affirmative. "It is a pity we should clash," he said, "I have also a horse in that race, , and if you had boen otherwise situated I was going to ask you to work my commission." " My horse need not etand in tho way," I remarked, " he does not run." . " In reserve for to-morrow?" ho inquired. "Exactly," was my answer, and I have occasion, to remember every word that passed. "Then will yon pub a couple of hundreds onSystonfor me?" "With the greatest, of pleasure; have you any limit as to price?" "No; I will leave everything to you; do the' best you con." "You mako sure of winuing?" "The race is a certainty for my horse if one of his opponsnts will only, give him the lead at the start." As Captain A;, who was one of tho most genial of men, had done me a servico at Bir mingham over the sale of a hunter, I was Daturally desirous of being of use to him, and was pleased thab>JiO 'had entrusted me withhis commission. A little . later in the forenoon' I ran against the Captain for the second time. He aope&red; to be vexed about something. - "1 have been looking for you everywhere," he said. " What's the matter ?" I asked. " Anything wrong with Sysbon ?" "The horse is all right, but that rascally Smith has thrown mo over." "In what way?" "He promised last night— for a consideration, of course — he wo nld arrange for his horse ' making the running for mine, and now, at the last moment, he backs out of the bargain." " Will this jeopardise your chance ? " I enquired. " Ib will ; my horse is a slow beginner, and must have a lead. You have not scratched yours, have you?" "I did not trouble to do so ; this is not Ascot." "You would be doing mo a great favour if you would start him." " Bub my horse has had his breakfast, and been watered." "It would not hurt him to run a few hundred yards in front, and the jockey could bo told not to persevere when he finds he is beaten." " I would do any thing I could to oblige you," I said, " but the tning appears impossible. There is no time, and I have nobody to send for Malay ; all my people have gone to the course." "One difficulty can be got over; I hare a sharp lad here, ' who will soon fetch the horse, if you will writo the order' for his delivery." " But there is only an old ostler in charge, and I don't suppose he knows one horse from another." He beckoned to- the lad to approach. " Williams, this gentleman wants you to go to the George' Hotel stables and fetch Malay ; do you know thehorso?" "I saw him run at Birmingham, sir." " What colour is he ?" I asked the youth. " A dark brown, with a blaze face." " Very well, Williams ; there is the order, off you go ; there is nob un instant to lose, as the horse runs in the first race. . Don't bring him into the paddook, walk hiin about at the olump of trees near the Grand Stand, and I will send the jockey oh to you." . The Captain .was very grateful to me, and I went away to secure a jookey and execute his commission.' One of our best and most trustworthy jockeys had no mount in the Members' Handicap, and I engaged him to ride Malay, explaining the circumstances to him. He asked me what he was to do if ho found that his horse could win, and my reply was: " Thore is not much chance of that, but win if you can." ' My trainer was nob to be seen anywhere, but L got a saddle and my colours from a bag in the weighing-room. That part of tho business was finished, as I thought, satisfactorily, and Ihastenedto the ring. The numbers for the Members' Handicap had just been pub 'tip, and already the betting was fast and furious. The whole of the seven 'runners were being backed at some price or other. The Captain's horse, a well-known' performer, was the favourito at tho very shcrt edds of 0 to 4, and T was not inclined to back Syston at that price. I thought I would wait. My horse, Malay, was second favourite at about 7 to 2, but when the bookmakers saw that I .would not back kim they became more liberal in their offers. You could soon hear on every side shouts of " Will any one back Malay ?" " A long price lagainsb Malay !" .at)d in a few leconde my horse, wae.kapflked. oytto 12to 1. In the meantime Bystdii ivmaified' firm at 6 to 4, and I saw'.'na .'Chance of getting on two hundred: eveii at.that miserable price., The horses wero on their way to the post, and I had to decide on some course of action at once. I made up my mind to throw away some money on Malayso as to ease the price about Syston, and when uNottingham book maker proffered me 300 to 20 about my horse I told him to put it down twice, which he did. Tiiere was immediatelya generalriish to back Malay, and this proceeding enabled me to secure .500 to 200 for the Captain about his liorse. ,1'put'JiO on' for myself at 2 to 1 to gob back the 50 I had invested on Malay, which I, considered absolutely lost. That was the position , of affairs when the - bell announced the start. - My trainer, who, not. having, as' he imagined, anything running, had been enjoy ing nimsolf with eome .friends outside the onclosure, turned up at this moment, and ho was. not a little surprised to hear that Malay was among the runners, but. in a few words I explained what had taken place. Ac the horse came round tbe turn into the straight, Malay': was still'piakingthe'running/iindi..at tho distance from home 'we saw, to our i-.tter astonishment, that he was winning in a common canter. ., Thp brute passed the judge's box three lengths in advahco of oyston, ana x was bo annoyoa uiat u ixiero had been a gun handy I believe I would have shot him dead. The horse had hitherto never displayed any form at all equal to this. How wasltoexplain thissurprioing performance to the Captain ? .1 had not long to wait for his opinion. He had been on the Grand Stand, andhadseen the race from 'start to finish. "That's what you call obliging: a friend," he hiesed in'my hear when he ; mariagod to get near me. . i Foeling perfectly .in'nocent in the matterj'T got into '.a 'tpmpsiv; What do you riiieair ?' I f asked angrily,:/ " What ' has happened: was' hob of my -seeking." "But had you nothing ' on you'f horse ?" " Yes, I threw away as I thought £50 on him, to enable mo to get a better price about yours. You' were' -on 600 ,to 200 about Syston, sind' I took' 100 toi'60'for-myself. But here is the' jockey; ' let : us hear what his instructions" were." After listening to him the Captain ' begged' my pardon, .. and' said it was ;llke his confounded luok, whenever . he .' . had - an - extra- - good thins it always came eff crabs. " Y'ou woweboany loser," I said to liim, "as I meant to debit you with "half tho money I puton. Malay. At 12 to 1 the pony will bring you in 300." He would not near of this at first, but I ultimately got him to ogres to it. On. looking about for my trainer I was told, he bad taken Malay back to the stable himself, which seemed a stupid thing to do when he knew we. had a horse running in the second race. When he made his appearance shortly afterwarde he was auite a chaifged man the- looked ae H ke had committed a murder or seen a ghost. , ', | .' What on eartn is the matter, with you ?' | I asked, v: " I darh ; hob . tell .you here," ho said ; " come outside a minute." ' ' "Is it: something dreadfully serious?" I inquired "in a bantering tone. "You will think so when you hear it." , When lib got butsido he certainly startled me. He whispered — "That infernal hoy hrouffht the wrong hone y it was JSdeksor that won." Edensor .-was a , four-year, old, Malay a three-year.-old. They wero both by the.same sire, and 'their colour and markings were very much alike. The former was intended to start for the last raco of tho day, but, under the eircumstaliccs/he remained in his ' stable. " And who knows about this?" I, asked tho trainer. " Nobody, but ourselves," was his satis factory. reply., "When I saw what had occurred. 1 got his clothes on in a moment, and took .him back to the stable myself." "Then we had better forget all about the mistake," I said ; and as' the Captain was a winner, I did— nothing.; , . What would you have done? — Abridged frcuu the Licensed Vktwailers' Gazette. PENELOPE'S ADYENTUEB. When- Penelope gob into' the car she became immediately aware of the facb that tliero was but one seat vacant in it. She breathed a sigh of relief whenahe discovered that the other occupiui t was a really hand some young man. He had a sort of melan choly cast of cqunteuahce, arid l'en assumed that he was romantic— a'disposition that she admired not only in horyjolf, but in others. So sho tripped up to the seat, eaid "Excuse me" as sweetly as you please, and prepared to sib down. Just as she did so, however, an extremely rough-looking man, who was sitting in the scat opposite, rose awkwardly, and, taking off his hat, said : "Perhaps .you. wonld prefer my seat, miss?" Penelope gave him a look that meant very plainly both "Certainly not" and "How dare you?" and deposited herself by the side of the good-looking young man. . She felb' hurt that such a rough-looking man should attempt to flirt with her. However, she felt that the romantic occupaiib of the other half of her seat would proteot her if the worse came to worst. That he was a perfect gentleman she know at once, because he did not try to even stare at her, but, on the contrary, turned slightly away, and, drop ping hiB arm to his side, looked out of the window. She know also that a number, of people in the car had smiled when the rude man had offered her his seat. But she didn't care. She had acted with great propriety, and knew that, the sympathies of men are always with good-looking and lonely yeeegg women. ' Ib .was insufferably warm in the car, Penelope went so far as to wish thoy would run parlour . cars on the roads in Now England, as they did in her own State of New Y'ork. Then she became extremely thirsty, and ib seemed as though the boy with the drinking water would never come through. At first she was afraid that the good-looking man would try to speak to her. After half an hour of oppressive silence she became awfully afraid that lie would not. She sighed a little once in a while, but he barely noticed it. At length she could stand the combined heat, silence, and thirst no longer. Turning to him, she said, in her most dignified manner : "Would you behind enough to find the train boy for me ? I'm very thirsty." She was, to use the popular phraseology of the day, " paralysed" when he answered: " I can't Sissy. Deyse got de shackles on mefeet." And she blushed like a peony when the rude man lifted his hat again and said : "I'd go and find him for you, miss, but I don't dare to leaye this follow for a t minute> . He's going up for ten years, and ho's. dan-'., gerous."' JUST REMEMBER THIS .TRICK. That human nature is human nature and will probably continue to be to the end of the world was again demonstrated at an up-town club the other afternoon. Three gentlemen were sitting in the smoking-room of the club. The subject in hand was a general discussion as to how little' there ia in life which is new and as to the tendency ef the human mind to run ia ruts. " Watch me for half an heur and I will prove it," said one of the party. With that tho speaker took, from hie pocket a shilling and laid it on the .table. Soon he henrd a member of the club approaohing, and taking the coin. in his hand he began to spin it in the air. As the last comor entered tile room the inau who wus proving his argument allowed his coin to. fall to the floor near the feet of the new comer, who at once stooped and picked it up saying: "Hallo. Mpnoy flyiug throflgh the air ! That ia fortunate, for I needed a shilling." Then the spider had his fly, and his air was very serious as be said : " I'll give yon another shilling if yon wish, but that coin is a pocket piece, ana its date Is the some as that of ray birth,' 1861." The victim withdraws the coin . from his pocket and sees that the date, thereon is 1S65, and promptly says so. "' Nonesense," saye.the spider. "I have carried the coin for many years, arid it is dated I86I, the year I was born." . " Do you think I am blind ?" persists the fly. " I tell you the date is 1865." rt I will bob you the drinks for tlie party just to decido the thing," says tli6 student of human nature, "and the man who is right pays." " Dope," says the unsuspicious fly. " Very well, you're right," said the spider, " it Ib 1865. Suppose you order the drinks." ' r HOW TO START IN LIFE. The best way to start in life, saye Dr. Tiumage, is astride a farm horse, with a. rope - halter. In that way. you learn to rough it. You. are prepared for hard bounces on the/' way. of life:; you learri to hold on ; you get . the habit of depending on your own heels, and not upon other other people's stirrups ; you find how to olimb on without anybody - to give youa boost. It does nob hurt you so much when you fall off. And some dny, far on in life, when you are in the midst of the hot and dusty city, and you .'are weary with the ru£h and din of the world, in your imagination you call back ono of these nags of pleasant memory. You bring mm up ny one sine oi your Buuuy sr. oounc- ing.taDle, and from that- you jump on, and awny you- cantor through the old-time orchard 'and by the old-time meeting-house, . or down the lane in front of the barn, daeh-. ing iuto the '"cool," sparkling water- of the meadow, where he stops to take -bis morn ing dram ;:or you hitch him up; to tho rook-;, ing-chair in which you- have'' for tep years sat rheumatic and helpless, and . he drags you baok some Sunday, morning- to the old country cburcb, whore- many years ago hs stood tied . to. the post, while yon, with father and mother at either end of tbe. pew, were learning of the land where thereis.no nain. andinto which John looked and said ". 1 saw a white horse !' '—Christian Lead Hops builds a riest in man's heart ' disappointment hatches its brood, ." Dear Mr. Pretty man, do help. . , making a collection of coins of thr- birth," said a gushing lady of p. . - . i "Alas! my dear Madam,1 "those anoiont coinages atw fully rare." There is in Florida wh ?rapK calls "a natural b r> ... :':r: ' '. t doea not say whothor Z. ; ' ti". ' - ; 