CHAPTER II. The mosquitoes and sandflies made the ! verandah unbearable, .until Tom fixed up nets to keep them away, and the family party lounged in eaBy chairs round Eric and Winnie, who were the centre of attrac tion. Harold was npt there, as he saidthat " the new calves needed all his attention juBt then." " It is two years since I first met Eric. It was when I was in London, and. he was a sailor. We met often, and at last1 he stayed at .my uncle's counlryhouse. The last week p| his leave came— and yoa go on Eric," said the blushing girl. "Well, we were yery much in love, but1 1 would not ask Winnie to .marry a fellow as j poor, as I was, so. I went to. sea witbo.ut j tjayinga word. But it was a case of ' true love,' for the way did not run smooth; but you see, when I met Winnie cantering: along here, I was so taken abackI that I nearly let her paBs me by. Well, girls, congratulate me, the long deferred question has been asked and answered, and I am so happy." There was much hugging, many good wishes, and much surprise at this romance. in their usually quiet lives; Two hearts ached with disappointment that night at Craigendowie.for Hatold and Edith. -Anderson had both in nocently enshrined an idol that had to be cast down and trampled on. Edith grew pale and nstlesB and her father wanted to setfd her away, hut she would not .leave the- place where she could see Eric day by day. Harold was .wise enough to wrench the foundations - of rhis -idol sway when it fell noti lo be built again, and went to an out ^station asoverseer. One Sunday morning1 Eric and -Winnie had jnBt ridden over andeat down under the cool green leayes of jfche bananas to rest.,' Tom had gone . for a volume of Tennyson belonging to Eric. M"I wonder , if you: have eared for any other girl sines you last saw me ?" " No," decidedly said Eric, *f you are the only ono whose photo sad letters I have t kept for & single day. Is that what -you want me to say, Winifred." M. You dear boy," wae all she replied, and Tom's return stopped fartherremarfen. " Was 1 long enough?" he-inquired. " I muddled round your room looking at pictures and; things, thin king you would :UK6 to .oe AlOAe a OXt I .« Thank yon, Tcm$ yonwere not a bit too-long." And off he went with a -wafted caresato Winni«. VLet ns read the farewell between Arthur andGuinevere,Eric; how could phe deceive, so great a man ? Why' did she pretend to lore him ? It was aninBult.'* " Yes, Win; there is no greater insult than that. Do you know, those words, ' I could not love thee, dear, so much, loved I not honor more,' are just the best rule of life I know." The boijk slipped to the ground, and from the cipen leaves fell a photograph face upward. It was the face of Edith Anderson. Winnie's heart -nearly b topped beating as she picked it up and "read on the back, " To mydeareet and best Mend, from Edith.'' . V " Oh Eric, Eric, how could you, after all you hare said.: Eric Clive, I did not think you could do this," and fihe" sank" back crashed and heartsick, for everything ! pointed to his faithlessness. " Winnie," darlingj it-is all-armistake, I j cannot think how it got the??, really- " " Stop, do toot stake matters worse. I suppose, you never read/Tennygonwith, her beside you—never cared fojr. her, never r^—*' ■ ,.k& ... *'1never did, I swearl^——■ Don*t,let me'^o !& Ciive, I'did beli,eTe in ^our'lrotdB onfia^but now you wgm to, lie so eaBUy t^t^lartftii must be quite a novaltr;; Go6d %fthse ?>qe^" anid' she ^falked ywettnly dWay. \ Edith paesed soon aiter, and seeing Eric s^ith his head ' bowed' on -hia aims in an aittitade of walking SSjaflj away wi&oat; Jber hat, and the ' -Si£e^|^|fJ^y-. n , itejr;fromMr6,Bar ton that edl&fri;^ ^a^hpnufat: ;4llhou£hv1^^hu's:iBo^wful eyes seemed »to pierce intoher mind as though to read some ejfisase for her lover's apparent deeeit " If i cannot win- him now they are parted/'"thought -"Edith, "tben I will tejl all, but at present he Is mine as much-aa hers, O, Erie Cliva/'why- did I, ever fie? you; bntl have my-«h«nceiM |T *About;a xnonthpaseed Blowly by «im*; £our people were veryfiiiserable, all through a mistake. Perhaps the most unhappy one w&s; the girl who felt that but for the accident of a photo slipping. into a book, and a few laughing innuendoes from a friend, she would not have stepped from the pedestal of true,-pure womanhood, as she knew she had done. A few words from her and two people would he intensely happy, end she would be far, fax happier for doing her duty, even if it cost her a little suffering. Pride helped her, for she knew where Erie's heart was. . JuBt as Edith arrived at this conclusion .a horse galloped wildly past her window, and she looked up wondering who could be riding liMs that. She ran outside, for the horse was Eric dive's, and it was riderless. " Tom," she called, «Reuben, father, where axe you all ?" but her voice received no reply. " Poor old Cavalier, where did you leave your master ?" and, as she stroked the shivering horee •with, the foam-flecked nos trils.and ecared> dewy eyes, «he notioed for the first time that a tiny trail «£ blood dropped from his shoulder. It . flashed through her mind in an instant that Eric .must have -been injured by one of the bullocks and thrown. She knew the frequented .parts of the ran^and follow ing the trail Cavalier had left) she rode off, supplied with, stimulants and bandages, like the brave girl she was. * At last in a deep defile, where the rush ing creek tosBed about between bonlders and logs, after dimpling over the expanse of a meadow, she found Erip, ap parentlydead. " Poor boy," she murmured, as she put his head on her knee and carefully attended to a gash on his head. Then, she saw his arm -was badly hurt, and made a rough splint,''as all the girls had learnt to do when last in Brisbane. After _ pouring some brandy down Eric's throat he hall opened his eyes and whispered faintly, but so' tenderly— "Winnie, it is all right now, dear," and closed his eyes contentedly. Poor Edith, how her heart ached. After all her struggle and brave help ehe was not ; to be appreciated. He thought only of Winnie. After making him as comfort able as possible Bhe knelt beside him one moment and kissed him once—onlv once— and no one would ever know—He yould think it was "Winnie, She rode i>f£ to Winnie's home to fetch her to stay beside her lover while she got help. . At the " VaUey " all the men . were oat bat one, so while Winnie went to Erio Edith harried round to get men and a stretcher. Before the girls parted Edith told the story of the missing photograph, and how she had been tempted,, saying— " Winnie, will you forgive me for not speaking before? Indeed,, he has never made love to me." " Yes, dearie, I fully forgive, for I: know lie loves me, but —" " Even the best of friends are jealous over a m&n;," smiled Edith, even while hex heart still ached. , " Yes, but I was very foolish, too." : Help was soon procured, and thehurt man was taken to the " Valley," as thenearest place to the scene of the accident. The invalid progressed favorably with: the aid of Dr. Jackson, Edith, and Winnie, And the convalescent days were very happy ones for the lovers. Edith told Eric . what Mrs. Barton had said in her letter about the picture, and he replied, " To be sure.what .a fool I was. I recollect slipping the photo- into a voluui9 fof« Tennyson', to m.arka;favorite part of Winnie's and mine." " Will you forgive me, fliic," asked Winnie, " for doubting yon." " Only on condition it never occurs again," lie said 'vritk 7 mock gravity. " What a fortunate accident this -was, for I meant to go right away Without asking for any explanation." "You silly boy to think I could oease loving you. Fancy.all this lroiibleiihtWBgiw < a mipeing photograph.' . The literary world • seemfi threatened with another controversy on the sroject of the author ship of tbe " Letters of Junius."/ The last time that the matter received oneofthese periodical stirrings up, to which it has fceen liable for over a century, was -some 20 years ago, when fresh light was thrown upon it by the minute observations of a; greatexpertin handwriting! Trhobad examined the Junius manuscripts. His testimony did not aid much towards the positive identificataon of the famous political writer, bat at any rate it waB rather destructive of , one cl^m ^or which pre viouBly there had been rath^strong evidence. It was to the effect that the handwriting of Junius was not, as had often -teen asserted, tbe handwriting of Sir Philip Francis. It has mow been suggested that Gibbon might have been Junius—-if it is-. Sot ,indeed the repetition of a rumor which was current in the historian's own day, and which Included his name among the many which wereassociatedwith the authorship of the myeterioos epistles that so In like manner idie^iotibn that the great Earl of Chatham was "Junius" is being mooted again, a notion which, on the whole, is more credible thanthat which wonldidentaiy thecelebrated correspondent of thePublic Advektzseb with tbe author of the " Decline and Fall of the Soman Empire." ~" Astley's Amphitheatre, London, lately Sanger's Circus, is about to disappear. It dates from the last quarter of the 18th century. Its originator, Philip Astley had been a trooper. He first opened a sort of riding school. A-service which he happened to render George ttt while on horsebacfc procured h;w» a licence for equestrian. entertainments, to which others of a partially dramatic character were added by-and-bye. The establishmentduring Philip ABtfley'fl lifetime was twice burned down. Hediedinl8l4,andwaB succeeded by hiB eon, who in. turn yielded.;Jiis sceptre, or rather? his whin, to Ducrow. who after loner " wifashiiur th« world with noble horemanBhip," took his final .gallop with the rider cf the pale steecl in 1841.,, The noTelB ofDicfcena and Thackeray: —as Toay be .said ,of most of the light 'literature of the first half of this, centary —<kmtaiii many isllueibra to Astley'8...0rie of thenost noted of all- its productions was?*^fhe' j Battle of Waterloo/' with Mr. Gomersal aa'lfapo-:' lean, To people of thi6 generation the name of .< tliat once diBtingmshed monarcholthe Bawdngt will be familiar only through the medium of the yet-onforgotten wBon <3anltier BaUade/'where :ie Is introduced In a clever imitation ring ing. stanzas of Lookbartfs. translations' ofthe jwcient,Spanish ballade. ''Tfae Midnight Visit" of the ghost of Napoleon to Lord CasjBereagh ends, itmay.be remembered, with theghoet dropping* paper and vanishing— He pastes through t22ecU>or— -" Was it a phantom, or a-man was standing on the floor ?: * 'And ttmld that be the Emperor th»t mo?<sd before my : «yes?; *" -■■■•. -- Ah, yes. toaanre it -waBliimBeU^foriere tli£i*per iiesf" Witb trembling hjvd Xiord CasUereagii undid ttie mystic scroll, With glassy ejcs essayed to read, lortear was oiihi« sow— What's liere—"At Aetley'sflyery play «T 'Mos eon^IUlt' [Napoleon, lor the thonsftudtti lame, tjr Mr. Gonaeroal." - 