THE PACIFIC CABLE AND FOREIGN WARSHIPS. The questions of the Pacific cable and of the admission of foreign warships into British ports premise to illustrate in an especial manner how Imperial and Aus tralian feeling and interests act; and react upon each other. Concerning the first-mentioned matter, Queensland and New South Wales well deserve the reproof administered to them by tho Colonial Secretary as the result of the representations nwde to the Home Government by the Victorian Premier. They certainly ought not to have agreed to subsidize the French cable between Queensland and New Cale donia. Whatever may be urged in favour of a British- owned alternative telegraphic service between the colonies and Europe they have no justification whatever for their extraordinary course of conduct. The position, indeed, taken up by the Marquis of Ripon is unassailable. The action complained of is inimical alike to colonial and Imperial in terests. Why Queensland so readily lent itself to the project of Captain Audley Coote ,is unfortunately only too palpable. That colony has never forgiven South Australia for outbidding it in the negotiations with the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company, and for building the overland telegraph across Australia in order to connect tho cable at Port Darwin with the large centres of population on tho south and east of tho continent. That undertaking costus£500,000,and it should be remembered to our credit rather than be borne in mind as a grievance against us that we showed so keen an apprecia tion of the requirements of our geo graphical position. At any rate what was done can form no excused- - the unpatriotic course to which Queens^ iad, together with New South Wales, has pledged itself. Some time ago these two colonies entered into a contract negotiated by Captain Audley Coote jointly to guarantee the Socie'te* Franyaise' do Tele'graphe Sous Marins £4,000 a year for thirty years on condition that the Company completed the connection between Queensland and New Caledonia by September of this year. At the same time the French Government undertook a responsibility to the extent of £8,000 a year for the same period. It is absurd to suggest that the whole aimof thepromoters was the establishment of a cable service between Australia and the French convict settlement in tho Pacific. Neither the Company nor the two Australian provinces concerned are likely to profit much by that. The truth is that Captain Audley Coote has made no secret of the fact that his plans have a far wider scope. The real intention of the French Com pany is to make the Noumea Ber vice the fiist section of the main Pacific cable to be laid between some points on the Australian and Canadian coasts via New Caledonia, Fiji, Samoa, Fanning Island, and Honolulu. Captain Coote estimates that this scheme will cost about £2,000,000, and ho thinks that a guarantee to the extent of 4 per cent, would enable the line to be successfully financed. He looks to Canada to r.nnfcri-Mtta iiv—«»»iy m proportion tr- her population ; is sanguine enough to believe that the Imperial Government will guarantee £5,000 a year on behalf of Fiji ; imagines thab tho Government of Hawaii will become responsible for an equal amount ; and commits himself to the view that the Australian Colonies need not be asked to contribute more than about £15,000 a year, in return for which they would obtain an alternative cable with tha United Kingdom, besides being placed in direct telegraphic communication with the American Continent. Now, however attractivo this programme may appear to be in the eyes ©f Queensland and New South Wales, it is very evident that the other Australasian Colonies will have nothing to do with it, coming from the source it does. From the tone of the Marquis of Ripon's dispatch to Mr. Patterson itie also very certain that the Im perial Government will show it no favour. Whether Queensland and New South Walerj can or will be kept to their contract or not it is a great pity that things should have gone iso far. The Adelaide Chamber of Commerce, like other organizations in Australasia, has been asked to join in a request to the British Government to subsidize a British-owned and British-controlled Pacific cable as the most effective means of preventing in future any betrayal of Australian and Imperial interests. We are not al all sure that anything of the sort i6 necessary, and, at all events, action may be postponed for years. During tho twenty-ono yeare that Australia has been in telegraphic communication with Europe the use of the cable has been becoming increasingly great. Now the business done is re presented by some 1,300,000 words a year, yielding a return of something like £'2G0,000. But it is estimated that the existing cables can provide for live times tfie amount of traffic now done. This fact makes the conduct of the mother colony and her northern neighbour all the more inexplicable. Fortunately, however, the question of tho extension of the cable is to a large extent a finan cial one: This fact m truth affords the one gleam of satisfaction that can be felt in considering the action of Queens land and New South Wales. It has been well remarked that it is one thing to secure a guarantee of £12,000 a year, of which two-thirds are contributed by the French Government, and quite another thing to exact nn amount of £70,000 a year, chiefly from British contributories. Even sup posing the proposed Pacific cable to cost no more than £2,000,000 it is esti mated by competent persons that the expense of working and maintenance and making provision for an Amortization Fund would bring the annual expenditure up to £175,000, while the revenua that could be earned, plus a subsidy of £80,000, would only balance the outlay and leave nothing in the shape of profits for subscribers. This is not the kind of undertaking which investors are particularly ready to touch. For the rest we are glad that the Colonial Secre tary has so plainly pointed out the absurdity of supposing that the cable in question could be neutralized in time of war. The declaration made by Lord Lyons in signing the Interna tianal Convention at Paris in 1884 sets that point at reBt. The British regcAr sentative laid down the principle that in time of war a bel ligerent, who was signatory to the Convention would be free to act with respect to submarine cables as if the Con venticn did not exist, and this view was endorsed by the agents of other Powers. The writing of the Marquis of Ripon's despatch shows how responsive the Imperial Government can be to Australian representations in sympathy with its own views. It is to be hoped that Downing -street* will pay no less careful heed to the re monstrance which the Victorian Premier proposes to make against the repeal of the regulation forbidding the entry of foreign cruisers into British ports except under stringent con ditions. This rule seems to us to be a salutary one, as in its absence much mischief might be done. Supposing Russia or any other Power were suddenly to proclaim war against Great Britain, and it had a fleet in Sydney Harbour, or in some other colonial or British port, the place would be almost at the mercy of the unwelcome visitors. At all events tha defences of the port would be largely dis counted. That Sir G. R. Dibbs should hesitate about complying with Mr. Patterson's request to join in pro testing against the repeal is not altogether surprising, seeing thai: «ne result of the alteration proposed would doubtless be to- ensure to Sydney in creased opportunities for effecting repairs to foreign men-of-war taking refuge in its harbour. Apart from that, he may be excused for leeling a certain amount of satisfaction in being able to administer an official snub to Mr. Patter son for having been instrumental in bringing down upon him an expression of the disapprobation of the Secretary of State for the Colonies with respect to the action of New South Wales in the matter of the New Caledonia cable. There is yet another consideration which should not be overlooked. ' With a view of placing British ships in foreign ports as nearly as possible on the same footing as foreign ships in British ports the Crown has the power by Orderin Council of restricting the privileges of foreign ships, and of imposing additional duties in cases in which British ships may be subject .in any foreign country to prohibitions or re strictions from which the Bhips of that country are exempt, or in which any preference whatever may be shown to national vessels over British vessels, or in which British trade and navigation are not placed by such country upon as advantageous a footing as the trade and navigation of the most favoured nation.' This regulation is made to apply to merchant shipping, and as British war vessels havo not unrestricted access to alj foreign ports it is only right that a like principle should be in force in the caBe of foreign ships of war. An Importa-t Point is the Crowx Lands Bill.— The Legislature ought to bo the last institution in the country to show disrespect to tho Law Courts which ib has created, but this serious error was made in the Assembly last week. Wa cannot believe that a proceeding bo oh'''' ^?o, ? ul. ? „ , ? ..uum''' ..--.»- fciLcnoff ledge by tho majority of the members of the Houbo, and wo have little doubt, therefore, that when the real consequence of the false step which they havo taken is pointed out to them they will retrace it at once. They will probably have an opportunity of doing so to-day, when tho consideration of the Crown Lands Bill is to be resumed. If they do not avail themselves of that clianco they will be fairly chargeable with having violated a most important principle of law and of justice. The facts of the matter at issue may be stated in small compass. Clause 40 of tho Bill provides that ' All leases unexpired at the passing of this Act: which purport to have been granted by or on behalf of tho Crown Under any Act are hereby validated and confirmed ; and nil the covenants, conditions, provisos, and agreements therein contained on the part of the Crown and the lessees respectively are hereby declared to be effectual and bind iug on the several covenanting parties re spectively. Provided that nothing in thia section shall affect tny action or proceed ing which on the eleventh day of July, one thousand eight hundred and ninoty threo, was depending ic tho Supremo Court of tho province.' Thab sec tion when read in a general way seems to be innocent and reasonable enough, but in its application to particular cases it amounts to nothing less thau a most dangerous interference with the regular course of legal pro cedure. It is more than retrospective legislation in the ordinary sense ; it is retrospective legislation which inter poses between the Supreme Courb aud its suitors, and not only does that but makes distinctions between suitors. As was shown by the debates in the Assembly, this clause is meant to apply to such suits as those brought by Mr. A. MacFarlane and Mr. J. Bowman against the Government in connection with certain miscellaneous leases in the South-East. In these matters the samo point has been raised as that which has to be de cided in the test case of Harvoy v. Howe, aud the South-Eastern Land Board has been prohibited from dealing with tho lands covered by the leases whilst the proceedings are sub jmlkr, which is another reason why the Legisla ture should not interfere at this stage. One allegation in each of the actions is that the leases wero purchased under conditions of salo which did not permic the Crown to resume the lands for any other purposes than those of 'public utility,' but that the documents themselves, which were signed inadvertently, conferred upon the State absolute rights of resumption. One point to bo bottled by the Court, therefore, is whether tho leases ought not in common fairness to be mado to corre spond with tho conditions of sale, and the other is what constitutes purposes of 'public utility.' When the Assembly passed the clause referred to it said in effect that the Court may decide the issues in the case of Harvey v. Howe, because that was begun before.July 11, but that it may not do so in the other actions of which notice was given subsequently to that date. This is tho moi*e unjust for the reason that several other lessees — amongst them Messrs. McFarlane and Bowman— situated similarly to those re presented by Mr. Harvey, were withhold ing proceedings pending the decision of that test case. If it is right for the Legislature to interrupt tho course of the judiciary in one case it is right to do so in all cases, and rice rersd. But it is wrong, and seriously wrong, in spito of Mr. Playford's extraordinary observation that 'if ho had his way ho would put a stop to the cases in the Supremo Court, aa the common-senso interpretation of the matter was as plain as a pikestaff.' If the limit of validation wero fixed for some day subsequent to the passing of the Bill instead of, as it is, for a period prior to its being laid before Parliament, there would not bo bo much cause for complaint. But in the present circumstances the Assembly has tenta tively done such an unjust thing that, an we have said, we cannot believe that it did it intentionally. :' The W«tK?s^ABiiiiiEKT.— Every week the glut of Parliamentary business becomes inten sified. In the Upper House for today the Hon. ft 0. Baker's proposal to recommit the Snccesaka Duties Bill is on the Paper, and if the discussion is not postponed until the re port of the Committee of Enquiry is brought up, we ihall probably hear whether Mr. Baker is now aatiBtied or otherwise with the estimates given by the Government as to the revenue likely to be received. The Assembly message with regard to the Publio Salaries Sill is to be considered, and a division will probably be taken this week on the Land Values Assessment Bill, and the proposal to establish a wine depdt in London. If he gets an opportunity this week, the Chief Secretary will move the second reading of the Concilia tion Bill. On Wednesday the Hon. J. Bos worth's motion to abolish payment of members will be taken, and the Licensed Victuallers Bill will be further advanced in Com mittee. The Assembly probably never had a more formidable Notice ? paper than that which faceB them now. Thera are nineteen Government questions down, including no less than seventeen Bills. The proposal to exohange land in Hart is the first item, and then appear the two Lands Bills, beyond which the Assembly is not likely to Ret this week. Often in former years . the Estimates have been nearly passed by the middle of October, but this session only one line has yet been voted. Private members have ample business to engage their attention for the three and a half hours at their disposal. Mr. Cock is to move for a Board of Enquiry to see whether tha Roseworthy College can ba better utilized, Mr. Brooker will propose a bonus for the exportation of fruit and the appointment of a fruit expert, Mr. Landaeer wants a Local Court at Stirling East, and Mr. Scherk desires facili ties for school children to learn swimming. The second reading of thn Third Judge BUI ?will be moved, while the adjourned questions which are down relate to the disputed boun dary, charging fees for school children who have passed the standard, intercolonial free trade, an enquiry on the liquor traffic, tonnage dues, and a Government oyanide battery, besides Bills dealing with the Facilitation of Justice, Chinese Immigration, Current Ac counts Release, Treasury Notes Currency, and Landlord and Tenants. A Dance at Government House.— Hia Exeellenoy the Governor will give a ball to night in honour of the visit of the Commander of the Australian Squadron. There will be about 300 guests, including, besides Rear Ad miral Bowden ? Smith, the officers of H.M.S.S. Orlando and Ringarooma. Telegraphic— The Postmaster- General on Monday received information from Sydney stating that Queensland had advised that cable communication with Gomen, New Caledonia, is now established. Incoming Mail Steadier.— The Orient Line R.M.S. Ophir left Albany at noon on Satur days and i3 expected to arrive at Largs Bay at noon to-day. The Export of Bctter.— Mr. E. G. B. Ebdy, the recently appointed Butter Expert, left for Melbourne by Monday afternoon's ex press to enquire into the arrangements for the evport of butter from the sister colony. He will return at the end of the week. Before leav ing for Melbourne Mr. Ebdy inspected 221 cases (about 5i tons) of butter which had been submitted for the bonus. He passed 192 cases, which will be shipped by the Austral on Wed nesday. Gold is the Peake Ranges.— The Com missioner of Crown Lands has received a report from the Government Geologist (Mr. H. Y. L. Brown) stating that he and his prospeotor obtained good indications of gold iu thePeake Ranges, sufficient to warrant the locality being tried by diggers. The position of the locality h as follows :— Mount King ston bears E. .'5J N. (m.), Mount Kingston North N. 5' E. (in.). The gold is in a gravel* and boulder drift and alluvium derived from it. There is a considerable area of similar country extending along the range towards Algebuckina, and the formation is much the eame as at the latter place. The Government Geologist has been informed that the country wess and towards the Albergais suffering from a drought, so that it will be difficult to go there unlesB rain falls. Appeals Against Land Assessment.— The Dsputy- CommiBsioner of Taxes (Mr. L. S. Spiller) Bad ' the Government Assessor (Mr. H. D. Gouge) have returned from Renmark, whither they went to hear appeals against tha land tax assessment. They satisfactorily settled 30 appeals without reference to the Local Court. Cakbiage of Butter.— Mr. Cook, M.P., has received the following reply from tho Chairman of Commissioners to his letter complaining of bags of fish being placed along side oases of butter in goods trains in the .South-East :—' Adelaide, Ootober 10, 1893. Dear Sir — I am in receipt of your letter of this date. I will make enquiries as to the case to which you have directed attention, although I am afraid it is owing to the very crowded con dition of the van that the circumstance has arisen. To keep the fish separate will involve the rnnning of an additional van upon the train ; but if this is the only alternative I am afraid we Bhall have to adopt it, although it will be somewhat costly.— Yours faithfully, J. H. Smith, Chairman.' The Commissioners have since promised that the wishes of the producers shall be attended to. Thb Patent Rabbit Exterminator. — Mr. S. G. Iliibbe, of the Surveyor Geceral'a department, has presented an ex haustive report to the Commissioner of Crown Lands in reference to the trial of a patent rabbit exterminator at Morgan, brought under the Commissioner's notice by Messrs. Pateman & Badge. Mr. Hiibbe, who ha* had large experience in the various methods of destroying rabbits, was, at the instance of the Hon. J. Coles and Mr. White, M.P.'s, seleoted to witness the tests, particulars of which we have given. The report concludes:— 'I consider the prooess under consideration will prove of very considerable value during the winter months if properly administered ; but that during the summer months, when green succulent food cannot be readily obtained by the rabbits, it will not compare either for economy or efficiency with the system of poisoning by the use of sandalwood twigs and strychnine, which during the past three summers has been followed with such satis factory results. I am the more fully im pressed with its value as a rabbit destroyer during the winter months, as it will remove the reason advanced by so many lessees and landholders that ib is impossible to cope nuoessfully with the rabbit pest when green feed is abundant, which is the very time it is most essential to do so, as it is the few rabbits whioh escape the general poisoning during the summer that remain and propagate their speoies in favourable seasons; ' Thursday's Flower Show.— We have been requested to direct attention to the Flower Show to be held in the Town Hall on Thursday nextunder the auspices of the South Australian Horticultural and Floricultnral Society. Their Excellencies tha Governor and the Admiral of the Australian Squadron and the office™ . have signified their intention of being present in the afternoon. A special prize ii to be given by a lady for the best collection of six vege tables and a salad whioh are to be judged for their crisp and tender qualities, not size. Ciyio Election.— Mr. .Norman E. Bnce who i3 completing a term ot two years' service in the City Council, announces elsewhere that he is a candidate for election for MacDonnell Ward. It is understood that there will be a contest for the Mayoralty and an interesting election for Aldermen. Thb Citt Council.— Included in the busi ness before the City Council at the fortnightly meeting on Monday afternoon was a reoom mendation by the Health Committee 'That the necessary steps be ta*en to clear out all the bad characters from the houses in Rosina street and Solomon-street.' After conside rable discussion pro and con the recommen dation was adopted by a bare majority. It was argued by those in favour that as there were certain by-laws intended to ensure the purity of the city it wa3 the duty of the Council to see that they were fully oarriedout, whilst the opponents contended that ib would be impossible to efface the dark social spots, and that the carrying into effect of the pro posal would simply mean the scattering of the degraded unfortunates to various portions of the city, and perhap3 the suburbs. It was poirted oub that ab present the vice was centred in a particular locality, which fact aided the police in the search for criminals, whites people who visited the habitations there knew what treatment they must be prepared to receive. The Burns Statue Committee reported that as the result of personal visits they had unanimously decided to recommend a site on the North terrace enclosure opposite to Dr. Symons's hocse, and near the approach to Kintore avenue, for the Burns Memorial Statue. The recommendation was adopted. When the general business had been disposed of atten tion was drawn to the fact that the Mayor had presented each member of the Council with a fine portrait of himself. On the proposition of Councillor Smeaton a unanimous vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Willcox for his thoughtfulnesH. Illne3sof Mrs. Corbin.— We understand that Mta. L. Corbin, who has been so ener getic in charitable matters, is suffering from a severe attack of influenza, and was laid up all last week. She is still very weak. Mysterious Stabbing Case.— Recently there have been several cases in which ladies walking at night without escort have been made the victims of mysterious and apparently motiveless assaults. The latest affair of this nature occurred on Saturday night, October 7\. From the information ab hand, for the parties interested are very reticent in the matter, it appears that Miss Uffindell, residing with friends in Norwood, was walking towards home through the East Park Lands, when a man suddenly came up and struck her twice with a knife, inflicting two wounds in the region of the hip. Assistance was fortu nately at hand, and the injured young lady was removed to the Borne of her friends. The assailant made off immedi ately after his dastardly act. Miss Uffindell is still suffering somewhat from the effects of the assault, bub is able to get about again. The matter was at once placed in the hands of the police, who are actively engaged in making investigations. Thb Morris Tdee. — One of the most ute ful aids to rifle practice is tha Morris tube, as it enables the rifleman to ' keep hia eye in' when off aa well as on the range, and at night too. There is to be a competition on Tuesday evening by the officers, non-coms., and men of the 1st Regiment, Militia Infantry. There are four matches in all — viz., on October 17, 24, and 31, and November 7. The conditions are seven rounds and two sighters, distance 200 yards, position sitting or kneeling, group system of targets. In these times of economy, in which the regulation ammunition has to bear its part, competitions of this kind should be encouraged. The Late Mr. J. Caeson.— Mr. John Carson, bailiff of the Port Adelaide Local Court, died at Durham-terrace, Yatala, on Friday from diabetes. The late Mr. Car son joined the Police Force in the year 1S74, bub resigned six years later, and was appointed to the position which he held up to the time of his death. The deceased grentleman was in attendance at the Court on August 2, but a few days afterwards he was compelled to take to his bed. He was a Freemason, and leaves a widow and* ten children. The funeral took place at Woodville Cemetery on Sunday, and was largely attended. A Police Court Scene.— Maud Wendra was a witness at the Police Court on Monday morning for the defence of John Cooper, who was found guilty of having assaulted Emma Williams, a married woman, in Rosina-street on October 11. In her evi dence Wendon, who lived with Cooper, flatly contradioted Williams'* statements, laying that the latter attacked her (Wendon), but got beaten, receiving the black eye which the informant swore Cooper had inflicted. As the parties to the case were leaving the Court Wendon turned upon Williams and struck her on the back of the bead, threatecing to give her more when she got outside. Williams immediately appealed to the Bench, and a constable in plain clothes seized Wendon, who attempted to make another onslaught upon Williams. The Court ordered the virago to go into the prisoner's box, and two constables were leading her that way when she forcibly attempted to free herself, calling out, 'I can go without a lot pushing me.' After hearing the evidence concerning the assault that had just been committed, the Court ordered the woman to go to gaol for two months' hard labour. Wendon admitted having struck the blows, and said she would do the same thing again if she was abused as she had been by Williams, and on walking into the prisoners' cell she exclaimed, ' When I get oub I'll give you much more.' Port Adelaide Friendly Societies' As sociation.— A meeting of the above Associa tion was held in their rooms on Saturday evening, when Mr. H. Hains presided over a good attendance of delegates. The proposal to establish a Friendly Societies' dispensary at Port Adelaide was again considered, and it was decided that the discussion on the subject be adjourned for two months. The delegates of the Court Concord social presented their report, and thanked the Association for their assistance. It was decided to grant the patronage of the Association to the jubilee concert to be held in connection with the Vic toria Lodge. Accident to the City Surveyor.— While in his office at the Town Hall Buildings Mr. J. H. C. Langdoa, the City Surveyor, acciden tally tripped and fell, striking his head against the fender. He received a tasty scalp wound, which necessitated medical aid being called in. Dr. Cawley attended the sufferer, who will not be able to attend at his office for a day or two. The First Fruits Offerings.— Through the thoughtfulnees of Mr. T. R. Haldane the inmates of the Destitute Asylum, the Home for Inourables, the Children's Hospital, and the women supplied by the Creohe have been treated to a good supply of eggs, butter, cake, jam, and other delicacies. The distribution was made on Saturday from tha Victoria Hall, and the goods reached the various institutions on Saturday evening. At the Destitute Aaylum the eggs, butter, jam, and cake were given out on Sunday, and every inmate had two eggs for tea. The consignment mentioned as coming from Clare for the Destitute on Monday morning is from Clive, and contains 70 dozen egga and 24 Ib. of butter, collected by the school children and from the parents and residents. At all the institutions the gifts were very much appreciated. An Aquarium for the Semaphore.— Mr. Haslam, C.E., of Sydney, ia at present in Adelaide with plans for an aquarium which it is propoied to erect at the Semaphore. At the meeting of the Semaphore Town Council on Monday evening the Mayor (Mr. P. Sansom) stated that he had had an interview with Mr. Haslam. The cost of the proposed aquarium would be about £4,000, and he in tended to call a meeting of ratepayers at an early date to consider the question. He expressed the hope that the idea would be warmly taken up, and added that an aquarium would prove a source of attraction to the town. A Tragic Dk&th.;— la Monday's Register % telegram waa published from Morgan an nounoinp that the body of » man had been found on a snag in the river at Stony Steps, three miles down the stream, with the throat out and having a tevere scalp wound. A tele gram from Mounted constable Phelan to the Commissioner of Police on Monday stated that the body was supposed to be that of Thomas Noble, a fisherman. When last seen a fortnight ago Noble was camped at Boggy Flat with a man named William Edwards. Since then neither of the men has been Been. Letters for both of them are lying ai the Morgan Post-Office from Mr. Daw, of Adelaide. About a fortnight ago a fisherman named Alfred Belcher had a row with Noble in regard to the theft of his dog. The constable has wired to Overland Corner and Blanche town, and dispatched M.C. Watson to Boggy Flat to make enquiries all along the river. Dr. Feige went to Morgan on Monday even ing to examine the dead body. On Monday night our Morgan correspondent telegraphed : — 'The inquest on the body of the man found yesterday was resumed to-night. The prin cipal witness was Dr. Fiege, of Eudunda, who made a post-mortem examination of the body. He said the man, who was apparently fifty years of age, was short and of a powerful build. The cause of death was a wound in the throat. The wound on the head had been received since death. There were no other marks of violence on the body or signs of a struggle. The identity of the deceased has not yet been proved. The inquest was further adjourned till Wednesday.' Fatality at Broken Hill.— Ad accident attendsd with fatal results occurred at South Broken Hill on Friday afternoon to a young man named Bishop. The deceased, who is a son of Mr. L. M. Bishop, produce merchant, was engaged in delivering chaff at Mr. Oats's residence, Boughtman- street, at about half past 3, when something startled the horse, and the unfortunate young man in endeavouring to stop the runaway was knocked down, and the wheel of the dr*y passed over his chest, severely injuring him. He was picked up and taken to the Gladstone Hotel and medical assistance was obtained, bnt his injuries were so severe that he expired two hours after the accident. A Memorial in Stained Glass. — Messrs. Montgomery & Grimbly, stained - glass artists, of Waymouth-street, have just com pleted a handsome memorial window to the order of the trustees in the estate of the late Mr. F. S. Sison, one of the founders of the firm of Messrs. Sy me & Sison, brewers, and who died at Port Lincoln about two years ago. The window consists of three lights, the height of the central one being 10 ft 6 in., and those of the sides 8 ft. each. Tha subjeol represented on the panels is the incredulity and conversion of Thomas, and the figures por trayed are those of the Saviour, St. Thomas, and St. John. The figures, drapery, and sur roundings are commendably finished, and as a work of art reflect great credit on Messrs. Montgomery & Grimbly. Part of the inscrip tion thereon reads— 'In memory of Frederick Samuel Sison, died December 29, 1891.' The window cost £150, and is intended for presen tation to St. Thomas's Church, Port Lincoln, where it will ba placed in the chaooel, and will no doubt be appreciated for the excellence of its design and colouring. Charoe Against a Doctor.— On enquiring from Dr. Poulton, the President of the Ade laide Branch of the British Medical Associa tion, for further information with reference to a charge which was brought by one doctor against another, we were informed that the paragraph published in Monday's Begitter was unauthorized by the Council, and nob in accordance with facts. It appears that the Council have enquired into a charge of unpro fessional oonduot laid against Dr. Hynes by Dr. Stewart, and found it necessary to censure Dr. Hynes in the matter. A foil report of the proceedings will be supplied indue courseto the members of the branch at their next meeting. The following ia the official resolution :— ' The Council is unanimously of opinion that while there is not sufficient trustworthy evidence to prove that Dr. Hynea made use of the exact words attributed to him in the charge laid against him by Dr. Stewart, it is satisfied that Dr. Hynes made use of expressions leading Mr. and Mrs. Greg to believe that their child was suffering from the effects of vaccination by impure lymph, and that his conduct, without previously satisfying himseli on this point, was indiscreet and unwarranted, and is accordingly deserving of the censure of the Council. The Council also strongly disap proves of bis attitude as disclosed by his own statemen ts in interviewing and endeavouring to entrap an important witness in the enquiry.' The Hog Bat Shooting Cabs. — On Monday evening John Tretheway, store keeper at Hog Bay, who was arrested in con nection with the shooting of the lad Lyall at that place, arrived by the steamer James Comrie. Tretheway, who is on bail, will appear before the Adelaide Police Court to morrow. Lyall, on entering the store, re ceived the full charge of a gun which waa so placed in the doorway as to fire on any intruder. A Modern Balaam.—' Observer' sends the following extract from Church. Bella of August 25 as being of interest at the present time : — 'We cannot help mingling a slight feeling of amusement with the sympathy which we naturally feel for the members of the Anti alcohol Congress, which has been sitting at The Hague, at the position in which they found themselves one day last week. Among those present was Sir Dyce Duckworth, the celebratedphysician, and so great was the admi ration which the members of the Congress felt for him and the position which he has attained that he was elected Vice-President of our country's delegates, and chosen to open the dismission on the physiological effeois of alcohol on the human organism. Ib was naturally anticipated that he would give at least some dire examples of those effects, and would strongly advocate on medical grounds the desirableness of total abstinence. But these expectations were bitterly disappointed. Ib did not take long for bis attentive listeners to gather that, instead of denouncing alcohol, he was actually advocating its moderate use as benefioial from a medical point of view. Astonishment, perplexity, suspicion, con sternation, and indignation in rapid succession took possession of his audi ence. Sir Dyce's time-limit was, however, soon np, and he had, to their great relief, to bring his paper to an abrupb conclusion, and possibly to omit from it something which would have been more agreeable to them. They gob out of the embarrassing position in which he had placed them by plunging at once into a warm discussion concerning what they had heard. Ib was a wayward fate which dealt them such a sad blow at the very commence ment of the proceedings.' A Brewkr and his ' Million.'— A oorre spondent sends to us the following : — ' Mr. F. N. Charrington, of the London County Council, is reported to hare publicly put forth a statement that Mr. Viotor Buxton, eldest son of Sir T. F. Buxton, had renounced his connection with the brewing trade, and, speaking at a temperance meeting at Barking, in Eisex, he is credited with saying it w» 'greatly cheering' to be able to announce the fact, and added that in coming out of the firm Mr. Viotor Buxton had relinquished no less than one million sterling. I have before me a copy of a letter from the brewing firm alluded to, Messrs. Truman, Hanbury, Buxton, & Co., in which they deny the statement, and state that Mr. Viotor Buxton never was a member of the firm, and that the capital belonging to the whole body of shareholders scarcely exceeds the amount which he is supposed to 'have relinquished.' I have also before me a copy of a letter from Mr. Victor Buxton himself, in which he says that he is glad that the firm have denied the incorrect report, that he never authorized Mr. Cbarrington to make the statement, and he knows that that gentleman was incorrectly reported at Barking, so the probability is that the state ment as Dublished never was made.' The Zoological Gabdens.— One of the most remarkable and valuable animals in the Zoological GardenB is the auodad, pro nounced ah-oo-dad, one of the large- homed iheep of California, and ib has been generous enough to present the Zoo with two fine kids. The auodad is a peculiar pale dun colour, has ?- most singular aspect, and possesses a shaggy mane whioh flows down from the throat to the knees. It bean as many aliases as an old offender, viz., the bearded sheep, jaecla, the fiohta.il, and the inoffion a mauchettes; moreover, the male is a truculent though handsome cus tomer. The axis, a fairly long resident in the Zoo, has also added to the family. The lion cubs are thriving apace, and are in grand condition. True to their nature they are de veloping quite a ferocious character, whioh sits rather inharmoniously with their oubhood, and is rather ridiculous. A Defence of Chinamen.— Mr. C. P. Hodges, the Chinese interpreter, appeared as a witness before the Sweating Board on Friday (reports the Melbourne Argus), and threw a flood of light upon the dark places of Little Bourke-street. The mandarin of the crystal button displayed an unexpected vein of argumentative power, and with a brief for the entire Chinese population of the colony he fairly held his own against the members of the Board. Mr. Bosisto was reduced to quoting reminiscences of men and manners on the gold fields of '52, and even the impassive Govern ment shorthand writer seemed to doubt the evidence of his senses for a moment as Mr. Hodges fluently recounted the virtues and graces of the 8,000 Chinese residents of Vic toria, who are accustomed to regard him as a buffer between them and tho police. The Chinese do not compete with Eoropeaas^ declared Mr. Hodges with an air of convic tion. On the contrary the Europeans compete with the Chinese, and many worthy artisans and market gardeners who wear pigtails have been driven literally oub of house and home by the heartless rivalry of the Caucasian. The Chinese pay nearly double as much per head to tbe Treasury as their European co-residents, and if they do smoke opium occasionally they.-1 do not make beasts of themselves and play havoc with the Decalogue like their hereditary enemies, the drunken larrikins. Mr. Hedges'* enthusiastic defence of Chinese morality almost took the committee's breath away, but Mr. Bromley just found strength enough to ejaculate that he had actually seen with hit own eyes Chinese carpenters working on tbe Sabbath. A Powdeb Magazine Pillaged.— Jui«. before 6 o'clock on Friday night (says the Border Watch) Mr. J. F. Palamountain, who has recently purchased the stock in the assigned estate of Gaillard Brothers, disco vered that the powder magazine at the rear of the store had been broken open. It is not known when this was done, as Mr. Palamoun tain's employes, who are not accustomed to the place, saw the door of the magazine open earlier in the day, but took no notice of the matter. When Mr. W. Sullivan, who was formerly in the employ of Messrs. Gaillard Brothers, saw the door swinging he at onoe suspected mischief, and ascertained that the door had been wrenched open. It had been fastened with a-haap and staple padlocked, and the thief must have had bnt little difficulty in removing it. It was found that the burglar had helped himself liberally to the powder. There were 11^ Ib. of ' Diamond' powder, a box of dynamite, and a box of dynamite caps missing. The police have been communicated with, and are working up the matter. A Babt-washer.— A useful invention for nursery use, called a ' baby-washer,' is announced by an American paper, and the inventor describes his infant machine as fol lows:— You simply insert the begrimed and molasses- coated infant in an orifice, whioh can be made any required size by turning for four minutes a cogwheel with electrio attachments. The child glides gently down a highly polished inclined plane. His lips are met at the termi nance by an indiarubber tube, from whioh the infant can draw actual nourishment of the purest and most invigorating character, secured for the special purpose at great expense from a choice breed of the Alderney kine raised on the estate of Her Majesty the Queen in the Isle of Wight. While in this compartment, which is plate-glass uriirors, the perturbed spirits of the infant are soothed by its frantio efforts to demolish its own image, refloated in the glass, with a nickel plated combined tooth-cutter, nail knife, rattle, and lack hammer, whioh is thrust into the baby's hand by an automaton monkey. Fatigued by its destructive efforts, the infant falls asleep, while the organ attachment plays softly the ravishing melody of ' Put me in my little bed.' Then it slips into the third com partment. Here the body is washed. Another small tube administers ft dose of syrup, and the infant glides from the machine, its nails pared and its hair combed, if it has any, ready for the habiliments rendered necessary by tbe fall of our first parents. Gin at the Cyclorama.— We have received from the Manager of the Oyclorama of Water loo (Mr. W. Lookley) a copy of ft negative photograph of 'Napoleon on board the Bellerophon,' whioh is to be presented gratis to all adult visitors to the Cyclorama on Ootober 19, the 80th anniversary of Napoleon's defeat at Leipsic. The pioture, whioh is the work of F. W. Niven & Co., represents tbe great Napoleon in a meditative mood, looking seawards, while a group of Bnbiah offioers a little distance away are watching his attitude. It will form a very interesting memento of the fine exhibition now on view in Hindley street. North Adelaide Baptist Floral and Industrial Society.— On Thursday evening, Ootober 12, a good audience assembled in the North Adelaide Baptist Lecture Hall, where Mr. R. Barrett repeated bis lecture entitled ' A Society for the Promotion of Matrimony' in aid of the funds of the above Society. The Mayor (Mr. C. Willcox, J. P. ) presided. The entertainment inoluded a piano and violin number by Miss Sorrell and Messrs. S. and F. Bowering, arealistio representation of Cornish tower-bell ringing given by the lecturer, and songs by Misses Goodall and E. Chaplin. RrviR Livils.— The following snows the state of tne rivers above summer level at the undermentioned places at 9 a.m. on Ootober 1G:-Eohuca, 29 ft. 4 in.; Euaton, 25 ft 3 in.; Overland Corner, 18° ft. 8 in.; Morgan, 21 ft 10 in.; Renmark, 15 ft. 10 10 in.; Hay, 13 ft.; Balranald, 15 ft. 8 in.; Tilpa, 26 ft. 6 in., falling; Wil oannia, 32 ft. 9 in.; Menindie, 27 ft. 7|in.; Pooncarie, 26 ft 6J in.; Wentwortb, 20 ft.; Brewarrina, 10 ft 5 in.; Bourke, 10 ft 10£in.;Louth, 16 ft. 8 in. Received. — From Messrs. Vardon and Pritchard a beautifully designed and artistio programme in colours of their annual wayz gooae, which takes place on October 21 at Hahudorf. From Mr. Gilbert G. O. Catt the Australasian Advance Calendar for 1894. The calendar is very neatly got up, and gives some useful information in reference to the rates of postage throughout the colony and abroad. HlNDHAESH DEilOCBATIO ASSOCIATION.— On Sunday evening Mr. T. Price, M.P., gave an address on 'Tired of Truth' in connection with the Hindmarsh Democratic Association. Mr. F. J. Hourigan, M. P., pre sided over a good Attendance. Rainfall Returns.— The rainfall regis tered at tbe Adelaide Observatory for the twenty-four hours ended 9 o'clock on Saturday moraine: was 0603 inch. It was incorrectly given in Monday's Reginter aa 0076 mesh, and the fall at Laura should be 1*050 instead of 0150. Pibh-stbeet Weslktan Church.— The annual tea and public meetings in connection with the above Church will be held this even ing. Sir J. Colton, K.C.M.G., is announced to preside. Vicibegal.— In Monday's Eigitler it wit stated that His Excellency the Governor would on Thursday evening attend an evening party This is incorrect, as he is to be the guest of Dr. and Mrs. O. Todd. 'ThkNatdbal Races op Men.'— Mr. A. Odgera will lecture on tbe above subject in the Kent Town Leotnre Hall this evening. Royal Socnrrr or' South Australia.— The annual meeting will be held in the Society's Room, S. A. Institute, this evening. 'Ghosts.'— The Rev. G. E. Wheatley will lecture on the above subject at the Albert Hall this evening. TJjTLET WeSLITAS SUNDAY- SCHOOL.— The Anniversary tea, followed by a public meeting, will be held this evening. 