A GHOST OF THE PAST. Sir Bobert Lisbtirn nnd his wifo wore not particularly silly, as nowly married conplos go. For ono thing, Sir Robert was thirtv somathinz : and whon yon aro thirty something, gravity comes. But ho waB very much in lovo with his yonug wife. Ho handlod hor out oi tho family omnibus carefully, and the voiy prettiest anklo and tho tiniost Bhoo pcepod out for a moment ns sho stepped down before ono of tho big hotols on Trafalgar square. As she tripped np tho brosd, carpotod stairs to hor room, there was a look of great happiness in her eyes. t " And io my dear girl quite happy ? ' said Sir Robert. Young Lady Lisburn (sho was tall and pleasant looking) turned to bim alfoctionately. " Your dear girl," Bhe said, " has had hor worries in her life. Sho had ono big worry." " How big ? " Lady Lisbnm widened her arms to give an idea of tbe size. " But it's all over now, and I am Tory happy, Robert." " Perhaps, "' said he, "perhaps tho doar girl will tell me all' abont it some day." "Sho may— some day," said tho voung brido, finsbiDg. " Jnst now she is so contented that sho doesn't want oven to think about it." Tho next morning they went off to tbo Engadino. It was two months later whon they returned, trunks and oortmanteans plastered all over with square and circular labels — Hotol Belle- rue, and Hotol Beau Rivage, and a lot ot others. Both Sir Robert and Lady Lisburn looked very jolly and well. There wore letters waiting for Lady Lisburn. She road them in hor bed room. As eho saw tho writing on ono if tho oorolopos, she grow red and then rory whito. Sho perused tho letter again and again, with bands trembling and a foco that locked into tho mirror with a frightened look. Then she turned off tho olcctric light and sank on her kncoB and sobbed. They stayed in town for some days. They drove ont a good deal, visiting ; but young Lady Lisburn looked ill and out of sorts, and scarcely epoko to her husband. Ho seemed to bo repelled by her coldness. Once or twice she tried to rouse horsoif ; but tho look of worry quickly catno back, and hor husbind, placid and oven as he was, could not licip feeling disturbed. Ono crcuiug, in tbo latter part of tho wcok, Lady Lisbnm was sitting at tbo open window of their room, her face resting on ber hand, looking ont into tho square and seeing nothing. A page entered with a foreign mes- sago. Sho opened it, read tbe type written words, ond crumpled quickly tbo sheet in hor hand as Sir Robort camo in. "I want to say something to you, Robert," she said in a shaky voice. Ho camo over to her. "I want to go away from yon for a fow weeks." "A few weeks 1 " ho repoatod blankly. " A few weeks. Unless yon want me to bo a miserable woman all my life, yoa mast let me do this. Let mo go ; and when I come back I shall bo qnito jolly, and I shall love yon more than ever, and wo—" "My dear," ssid Sir Robert, "yon are perfectly unreasonable! Yon are not yourself— 1 " " Unfortunately I am," interposed tbo yonng wife, sndly.. " Or yon wouldn't dream of proposing such a preposterous thing. Now, love, jnst you go to bod early to-night and have a good rest, and yon will bo all right in the morning." "If yon don't let me go, Robert, I shall never be able to rest again. I shall bo nothinz but a onrse to von and a misery to myself for all my lite. Do let me go." _ " My deir love," said Sir Robert, rising with a very deoided air, " if you absolutely refuse to toll me the motive for your disappearance, I absolntoly re- fnBo to let yon go." "Then I— then I must go withont yonr permission." Sho said this withont defiance and in the humblest way. Sir Robert went downstairs and stood at the hotel door for a fow minutes, smoking his oigar rather quickly. Then ho turned and went to tho telephone room and looked in tho book and rang np. Lady Lisbnrn, white and sot of face, returned to her room and prepared for her journey, It was a surprise to Sir Robert to find in tho Hal, not ton minntos later, tho man for whom he had telephoned. He was a burly, scarlet-faced man, and he gave his card to Sir Robert with an awkward, fat bow. " Thomas Bkbter, Fayrs, Sweevor and Company, Inquiry Agents." " Dome into this room, Mr — Mr Boater." Mr Bester wiped his boots with par ticular care." "You'd like something to drink, perhaps ?" Mr Bester palled his waistcoat down and coughed slightly, and said that ho didn't know as a drop of whisky -tvould do him any particnlar harm. At any row, no Ham (do pAifi tntB with tho atr ? m?n prepared for any experiment Mnintoroats of spionee) he'd try. ®(RjiM.t;;iirdcred a largo whisky, ffi||?SillSili'Ps41ist he was to bo lho hotel. rio,Hn oiyuKftto'MfrfetiiiWhat . was rqtiired,.. Thtrii -:\rsAt:io; bob ho fuss, auK t:\tblrforonco. AH tlrat Bcjfcr btti to > .1. to' rollow ''Lishnra," mid if ,i!io. v.,: i:i any ' IIlT ? tllobcifc. at .o:: . nd .....l-uck.BtcM-.M ho Y DAY.' lr.-Tiiructi 'T ; frqtq one 'lotion to. ab-i $T-t itt' eecttana):cr>tac;«i3cifij ; iisoaiier ilriina \oa Saluruntb tlt'oiiglli' ivemlifr, avalloWa for: rblur.iriJ-ii,;; /!' './ l)>rticnIanTtom'atatieamtf-vt>T:'!>.':i ,1: j ty 'order ofJlieCottSPiisslba.TVfl:; nsdvnbni# . If. 't'LACHLAIL bV. 'vitli " roTn tt'fitcd py,p9mlier,.i(a3.,j;i..jji" 'j. , / 1'. —ri ; r. 1 1 1 V fo cl; t: d ' 0 1 :'"2i?0 - :Xb2HS'3?;3 nn J 'j it; - .. jxvily. , ' v Rb.'liODSB.- Vlii'g," ha ejttl, " uftt 1 &:C0,);Iu.'f-ti4 WnivT' dc-l olifc1 " j— .'.URent a':'Pw iei->.-.f'cmJ.hl!, GAS. I . f.-Gr. - 1 " '.VO bt t' 3A8-MAKIKQ'MAci%!f.t' ''."d KqaitV ' b .,"r -Vdi i A HE ioit1 ilmj liA hrjff fcinfc /TV n0 witv ilult- i»r la-roucoei Uotri.j ;bTlirid Oi. ' . ' '> JJDND !;' ..b'ciicit briftiur bayloft V ' ' and Bricking it upright on tho table, "this is Mr Bortio Ellonborough ; and this," taking anothor and stroking 11 npright, " this is Miss — Miss Wbalflher- name. Really, I forgit tho name. How ever, tbab don't roattere" Tho door opened softly, bat noitber of tliQ'men noticed it. "Very well, then. Fow years ago Mr Bortio Ellensborongh (that'e thif one) knows Mis3 Whatshornamo (that 8 this ono) j and oho Iovcb him and writes him warm, raptnrons letters — letters that sho would be ashamed now to read, or for anybody else to read. Still, a good girl, mind yonj Mr Bertie comos upto town, forgets her, goes to tho bad, slips himself oil to America and gets worse and worse. He becomes hard tip, and what does he do, then, but blackmail Misb Whatshcrnamo." "Mean rascal!" exclaimed Sir Robert, heartily. " BlackroailB hor. I happens to go ont to trace a chap, ond I meetB Mr ! Bertie in a bar, and he tells me all about it." "Ought to bo hanged 1" remarked Sir Robort. "Bnt that isn't the worst. I tolls him for a lark that I'm a bit of a scamp myself, and brags a bit ; and then Mr Bertie goes one bettor, and assures me that he burned those letters long ago, and ho was only protending ho'd still got them. That boats anything, don't it ? Tboro a scamp for yon I Making a regular incomo ont of it, too." " Girl married, I wonder 7 " " So I nndorstand," said Mr Bester. " Poor girl 1 " said Sir Robort ; " wondor who hor hnsband is 7 '' " Sir Robert I " said a voice. They bad not tnrned on tbo light, and the room was growing dark. "My 1oto7" he said. " They told me yon wanted to see me," said Lady Lisbnrn ; " and, my dear, l'm- — I'm not going. I could not hare known what I was talking abont just now." . " My doar heart ! " exclaimed Sir Robert, delightedly. " Tell me what it was that was worrying you 7 " " Why, absolutely nothing," answered his wife, decidedly; "there was no excuse for it." They took each other's hands. " Slmll I look in again, Sir Robert? ' .said Mr Bester, respectfnlly. He bad been standing aside, and pretending. wiaii cxcoiieat laroir jatret tu uut of the window. " Oh, I beg pardon, B«ster 1 " said Sir Robert. " No, yoa needn't look in again. I'll eend yonr people a cheque lor your trouble. 