[?] Now First Published, BY miss braddon, Author op . , , ; ' ' Aurora Floyd, " ' " Doiid Men's Shoes, " : "The Day- Will Como," '"Phantom Fortuno," . "The One Thing Needful,'' ,&o.; &e.;, all queensland rights reserved. : . .;/// CHAPTER IX. ' The Spitekullest of Talkers in our Town.' Like most small country settlements, little fraternities of well-to-do people who think themselves the beginning and end of the world, Trelasoo was slow to rise to any festivity in the way of party-giving. So it was about two months after Colonel Hisney's return before the friendly calh ond intarp.hnriPA nf small ftifrilifciAs mil- minated in a dinner party at Glenaveril. It seemed, indeed, only right and natural that the great house of the district, great by reason of Lord LoBtwithiel's ab senteeism, should be the first to offer stutely hospitality to the colonel and his womankind. Tho invitation to " Miss Lelund might ha taken as an especial compliment, arms outstretched to receive one who was a stranger in the land. ' We wuut to know that nioe, young sister of yours,' Mr. Crowther said to Colonel Hisney, in his patronising way, as they all oume ont of churoh. tho Sunday before the dinner party. ' A remarkably fine girl.' The colonel did not thank him for this compliment, whioh was pronounced in a load voice, amidst the little knot of acquaintances taking leave of each other on the dip of the hill, where there wus a signpost on. a patoh of waste graBB, and where road and lanes divided, one up the hill to Tywardreath, another to Fowey, and a narrow-wooded leine leading down to Glenaveril and the Angler's Host. Short as the distance was, there were carriages waiting for the Crowthers, who never walked to church, however fine the weather. Mrs. Crowther oame to the morning service resplendent in a brocade gown and a .Parisian bonnet, on pain of being condemned ob dowdy by her hus band, who liked to put the stamp of his wealth upon every detail. His wife obeyed him with wifely meekness, but the daughters were not so easily ruled. Roth were keen-witted enough to feel the vulgarity of Sunday morning splendour. So Belinda worshipped in the exag gerated simplicity of an unstarched jaconet muslin, a yellow Liberty sash, a flopping Gainsborough hat, and a neck lace of Indian beads, an attire which at tracted every eye, and was a source of wonder to the' whole congregation, while Alicia's neat gray cashmere frook, made by the best tailor in Conduit street, and smart little toque to matoh, gray gloves, gray silk stockings, gray prayer book and sunshade, challenged criticism as a study in monoohrome. Mr. Crowther would have lingered for further conversation before getting in the family landau, but Colonel Hisney bade a rather abrupt ' good morn- iug' to the whole group, and hurried his wife and sister down the hill; ' I'm rather sorry we accepted the Glenaveril invitation,' he said to Iaola. ' The man is suoh an obvious cad.' 'Mrs. Crowther is very kind and good,' replied his wife, ' but I have never oared much about going to Glenaveril. I don't feel that I get on particularly well with the girls. They are both too fine for me. But I should be sorry to offend Mrs. Crowther.' ' Yes, sue is evidently u gOOu suul. It was thoughtful of her sending you a ticket for the hall. A woman with daughters is Beldom overkind to out- !Hflers.' ' 'Oh, T believe Mrs. Crowther's heart would be big enough to be kind to people if she had as many daughters as King Danaus.' ' "Well, on her account, perhaps.it was best to aocept the invitation.' ' Bon't be so grand about it, Martin,' said Allegro. ' You forget that I am pining to see what a dinner party in a very rich house is like. I have seen nothing in London but literary and artistic 'dinners— -third-rate literary and third-rate nrtistio, I'm afraid— but they were very nice, all the same. Glenaveril is a place that takoH my breath away ; and I am curious to see what a dinner party can be like there.' 'Then, for your sake, Allegra, I'm glad we said yes. Only I couldn't stand that follow patronising you. Calling you a fine(;T'rl, forsooth.' ' Yes, it iTan odious phrase, is it not ? I'm afraid I shall have to live through it, because, like Rosalind, " I am more than common tall." ' . She drew herself up to her full height, straight aB a reed, but with fully de veloped bust and shoulders, which showed to advantage in her pale tussore gown- silk that her brother had sent hor from India, r She looked the incarnation of girlish innocence and girlish happiness— a brow without a cloud, a stop aa light as fawn's— a fearless, happy nature. Her .more oommon-plaoe features and finer figure were in curious contrast with Isola's pensive beauty, and too fragile form, Hisney glanced from one to the other as he walked along the ruetio lane between them; and though, he thought, his wife the lovelier, he regretted that Bhe was not more like his sister. . A man who ib very fond of home and who has no professional cares and ooou- pations is apt to degenerate into a domestio busybody. Martin Hisney gave his first sign of this inclination on the day before the dinner at Glenaveril. ' What are you two girls going to wear?' he: asked. 'At- least .1;- don't think I. need-aBk Isoln that' question. You'll wear your wedding gown, of course, lovo?'. he added, turning to his wife. : 'No, Martin, I am going to wear my gray Hilk.' ' Gray 1 A dowager's colour, a soured spinster's colour — a Quaker's no colour. I detest gray.' ' Oh, but this is a very pretty gown — the palest shade of pearl colour— and I wear pink: roses with it. It was made m Pans. I feel sure you will like me m it| MortiDj' Isold said hurriedly, us if .. v'J even' this small matter fluttered her nerves. 'Hot as well as I likev.you in your wedding gown ! That was made in Paris, and it fitted you like a glove. I never saw suoh a pretty gown— so simplej yet bo elegant.' 'I have beeh married mueh too long to dress as a bride.' " . ' You shall not seem as a bride— except to me ;, forihy. eyes only 'shall you shine in bridal loveliness. Bride or no bride, what can bo prettier for a young woman than . a white satin gown with a long train ? - You oan wear coloured flowers to show you have not got yourself up as a bride. What do you say, Allegra ? Give us your opinion— of course, you are an authority upon dress.' 'Oh, the white satin, by all moans. Isola looks ethereal in white. She ought hardly over to wear anything else.'' You hear, Isa. Two to one against" you.' ' I'm sorry I cah't he governed by your opinion in this instance. You forgotthst I laBt wore miy gown at a hall. I danced a good deal — the .floor was dirty— tho gown was spoilt. I shall never wear it again. I hope that , will satisfy ' you, Martin.' She spoke with a touch of temper, her cheeks flushed crimson, and her eyes filled with sudden tears as she looked depre- catingly at her husband. Martin Hisney felt himself a brute! . ' My dearest, I didn't mean to tease you,' he said, ' wear anything you like. You are Bure to be the prettiest woman in the room. I am sorry the gown was spoilt ; but it oan't be holped. I'll buy you another white satin gown the first time you and I are in Plymouth together. And pray, Miss Allegra, what bravery will you sport ?' . ; . ' I have only a white lace freak that has seen same Beryice,' replied his sister meekly. 'I dare say I shall look like somebody's poor relation at such a place as (Jlenp.veril.' ' Oh, it's not to bo a grand party, by any meanB,' said Isola. ' Mrs. Crowther told me she had asked the Baynhams and the vicarage people to meet us, just in a friondly way.' The party was deoidedly small, for on arriving with reasonable punctuality the Hisoeys found only one guest on the scene, in tho person of Mr. Colfox, the curate, who was sitting by one of the little artistic tables, showing a new puzzle of two pieces of interlinked iron to the two Misses Crowther.. These young ladieB were so intensely interested in the trick of disentanglement that they scarcely noticed the entrance of their mother's guests, and only rose and came over to greet the party three minutes later, as an afterthought. Mr. and Mrs. Crowther, however, were both upon the alert to receive their friends, the lady frankly cordial, without tho slightest affeotation of self-oonsoiouB- ness ; the gentleman swelling with pompous friendliness, as if his manly, breast were trying- to emerge from the moderate restriction of a very open haart- shaped waistcoat. He protested that he was charmed to welcome Colonel Hieney to Glenaveril, and. he glanced round the splendid walls as who should say, ' It is no light thing to give you the entree to suoh a house as this.' Vansittart Crowther was a man of short, squat figure, who tried to make up for the want of ineheB by: extreme uprightness, and had cultivated this carriage until he seemed incapable of bending. He had a bald head, disguised by one dappled streak of gray and sandy hair, which was plastered into a curl on eaoh side of his brow — curls faintly suggestive of a cat's ears. He had blunt, oommon-plaoe fea tures, a sensual lip, and dull, fishy eyes, large and protuberant, with an oxpreBBion in perfect harmony with the heavy, sensual mouth. Mr. and Mrs. Baynham were the noxt arrivals ; the ludy, wearing the family amethysts and the historical blaok velvet familiar in West Cornwall, under whoBe weighty aplendour she arrived short of breath ; the gentleman expansive of shirt front, and genial of aspect; jovial at the prospect of a good dinner and choioe wines, and not hyperoritical as to the company in whioh he eat the fefest. He shook hands with his host and hostess, and then went over to the Misses Crow ther, who had not thought it necessary to . suspend their absorbing occupation in order to welcome the village dootor's wife — a fact which Mrs. Baynham ob served and inwardly resented. Mr. Colfox deBerted the young ladies, still puzzling over the two bits of iron, and went , across the room to greet the HiBneys. He was an intelligent young man, steeped to the lips in the opinions and prejudices of university life — Oxford life,' that is to say. He ranked as a literary man in Trelasco, on the strength of having had an 'article almost published in ' Blackwood.' ' The editor had ao- oepted my paper,' i- he told people modestly, ' but on further consideration he fonnd it was a little too long, and so, in point of faot, he sent it back to me in the most courteous manner. He couldn't have aoted more kindly — but I was dis appointed. It would have been such an opening, yon see.' All Mr< Colfox's friends agreed that with such an opening the broad high road to literary fame and fortune would have been made smooth for his feet. They respeoted him oven for this disappoint ment. To have been accepted by ' Black wood' made him almost a colleague of George Eliot. He was a tall and rather lean young man, who wore an eyo-glaBS, and seemed to live upon hooks. It was irritating to Yansittart Crowther, who prided himsolf on his collar and his cook, to note how little impression lood and drink made upon Francis Colfox. ' He takes my Chqteau d'Yquom as it it were Hevonshire cider,' said the aggrieved parvenu, ' and he hardly seems to know that this is the only house where he ever sees clear turtle. The man's people must have lived in a very poor way.' In spite of this contemptuous opinion, Mr. Crowther was always polite to Francis Colfox, and had oven thought of him as ejns-aller for ono of his daughters. There ib hardly anything m this life which a self-made man rcspoct3 so inuoh as ruoo, and Francis Colfox belonged to nn old country family, hud a counm who was an carl, and another cousin who waB talked of as a probable bishop. Ho was, theroforc, allowed to make lnmBolf verv much at home at Glcuaven, and to pfpak his mind in. a somewhat audaoidus way to the whole family. ; Captain Pentreath, an army man of uncertain age, a bachelor, and onq of a territorial family of many brothers, came next ; and then appeared the vioar and his wife and one daughter, who made up the party. The vicar was deaf, but amiable, and heumed benevolently upon a world about whoso spoken opinions he knew so little that he might naturally have taken it for a much better world than it is. The vicar's wife' spent her existence in interpreting and explaining people's speeoh to the vicar, and had little time to think of anything else. The daughter was characterised by a gentle nullity, tempered by a somewhat euthuoiastic and evangelical piety. The ohiof desire of her life was to kbbp the churoh as it had been in tho days of her childhood, nearly thirty years before. It was the first time the HisneyB had dined together at Glenaveril, so it seemed only proper that Mr, Crowther should give his arm to Iaola, whioh he did with an air of conferring aa honour. The colonel had been ordered to take the vicar's wife, and the dootor was given to Allegra; Captain Pentreath took "Miss Trequite, the vicar's daughter ; Mr. Colfox followed with Mrs. Buynh&m;, and the daughters of the house went modestly to the dining-room after the vicar and Mrs. Crowther. The dinner table was as pretty as roses and Venetian glass oould make it. There was no pompous display of ponderous plate, as there might have been thirty years ago on a parvenu's hoard. Every body is enlightened nowadays. The great ' culture ' movemont has been as widespread bb compulsory education, and everybody has a taste. Scarcely were they seated when Mr. Crowther in formed Mrs. Hisney that he hated a display of silver, and at the same time he took care to let her know that the Venetian glass was rathtr more valuable than that preoioue metal. ' And if it's broken there's nothing left you for your outlay,' he said, ' but it's a fanoy of my wife and girls. ThoBe decanters are better tban anything Solviati over made for royalty.' The table was oval, lighted by one large lamp under an umbrella- shaped amber shade, a shade which diffused a faint golden glow through the dusky room, amidBt whioh hazy atmosphere the footmen moved like ghosts, while the table and the faces of the diners shone and sparked in the brilliant light. It was aa pioturesque a dining-room- and table as one need oare to see ; and if the Gainshoronghs and Reynoldses, which here and there relieved the sombre russet of the Cordovan leather hangings, were not tho portraits of Mr. and Mrs. Crow ther's anoestors, they were not the less interesting as works of art. _ Isola sat by her host's Bide, with _ a silent and somewhat embarrassed air, whioh her husband noted as he watohed her from the other side of the table. All the deoorations were low, so that no pyramid of fruit or flowers intervened to prevent a man watobing the faoe opposite to him. Hisney saw that while Allegra, in her. place between Mr. Baynham and Alicia Crowther,' was full/ of talk and animation, Isola sat with downoast eyes, and replied with a troubled look to her host'B remarks. There was something in that gentleman's manner whioh was particularly obnoxious to the colonel, a protecting air, a fatherly familiarity, whioh brought the bald, shining forehead almoBtin oontaot with Isola's soft brown hair. As the man bent to whisper and to titter in the very ear of his neighbour,' the colonel got through a little duty talk with Mrs. Trequite, whose' attention was frequently distracted by thd necessity of explaining Mrs. Crowther's polite mur murs to the vioar on the other side of the table ; and this duty done he gave himself up to watching Isola and her nose, w iiy did she blush so when the man talked to her ? "Was' it the admiring leer in those fishy eyes which annoyed her ; or the man's manner altogether ; or was it any thing that he said? Hisnoy strained his ears to hear their conversation, if that could be called conversation whioh was for the most port monologue.' Mr. Crowther was talking of the hunt ball of last winter. Hisney heard such snatohes of speeoh as ' The prettiest woman in the room,' 'Everybody said so,' ' Lostwithiel was evidently epris.' Mr. Crowther had a penchant for soraps- of French, whioh decorated his speeoh as truffleB adorn a honed turkey. ' lon't it odd that he should be suoh a rover?' asked Mr. Crowther, in a less confidential tone than before. Isola looked up at him as if hardly understanding the question. ' I mean Lostwithiel. "With . suoh a nioe place as he has here, it seems a pity to be broiling himself in Peru. I never could understand the taste for orohida; and in Mb ease — well, I hardly believe in it. He is the last man to .'emulate a Hooker or a Lawrence. OrcMd- hunting must be an exouse for keeping away from England, I take it. Bon't you think so, now, Mrs. Hisney ?' ' I really don't know.' You don't know why he shohld 'want to keep away. Ho, no more does any one else. Only we all wonder, don't you know. He talked to me of settling down in the county — lobking after the estate a little. He even hinted that he might, in due course, cost about for a nice young wife — with a little money. And then all of a sudden off he sails in that r&kish; yacht of his, and roves from port to port hke the Flying Butchman in tho opera till at last we hear of him on the coast of Peru. Curious, ain't it, Mrs.. Hisney ? ' '"Why curious?' asked Isola, coldly. ' "Was not Lord Lostwithiel always fond of yachting (' ' No doubt ; but whon a man talks of sottling down in his native placer— and then doesn't do it — there must he a reason, musu't there ?' 'I don't know. People act as often from caprice as from reason.' 'Ah, that is a lady's idea. No man who is worthy tho name over acts from caprice,' said Mr. Crowther, with his in sinuating air, us if Bono hidden moaning wero in tho words, and then looking aoross tlia tablo und seorog the colonel's watchful face, ho altered both tone and munuer as ho added, ' Of course you know Lostwithiel, Colonel Hisnoy ?' to re continued next monday. Thepalaoo of tho Empress of Austria is said - to ho a woadorfol ono. . 'c. 