fjtterahrfce. ALL ALONG THE RIVER; By MISS M. E. BR ADDON, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'The Venetians, or All in Honor.' 'Aurora Floyd,' ' The Cloven Foot,' ' Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Just as I Am,' 'Taken at the Mood,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and ?Unlike,33 ' Weavers and Weft,' &a;, &c.; jPabllahed by special arrangement with the author. All tights reserved.} Chapter L — 'The Rain Set Eabiy ik To-night.' . It had been raining all the morning; and it ?was raining still— in that feeble and desultory manner which presages a change of some kind : — when the postman came with the long .expected Indian letter. He was later than usual, It was nearly 2 4'clpok, and Ieola had been watching for him since 1 — watching with an unread book in her lap, and her untasted luncheon upon the table. 1 She had been sitting by the open window, look ing out at the wet landscape, the glistening hedgerow and dull grey river, with the great green hill beyond, a steep slope of meadow land, dotted with red cattle, and so divided iy hedgerows as to look like a Titanic chess board. ; At last she heard the familiar tread of the postman's heavy boots and saw his shining -oilskin hat moving above the edge of the .hollies, and heard the click of the iron latch as 2ie came into the little garden. . She called to him from the window, and he ?came tramping across the sodden grass and put her letters into her outstretched hand. One from her married sister in Cadogan ?plaoe; that would keep. One from an old schoolfellow ; that would keep. And one— the long- looked-for Indian letter, which she tore ?open eagerly and read hurriedly, devouring the close lines, in the neat bl&ok; penmanship, «with its decided up and down strokes and legible characters, so firm, so strong, so straight forward, like the nature, of the man who wrote jthe letter. ? j '?-? The tears sprang to her eyes as she came to 4)&e;'«hdj and her hand crushed the thin paper inti'tiarosysm of vexation or despair. . . \ '?? ? : **3ix months— perhaps a year before he can ?comeback, and lam to go on living here— ' .alone, unless I like to send for a girl whose jfaee I^never saw to keep me company and '^eheer ine with her good spirits. I want no ?strange girls. I want no one's good spirits. I hate people with good spirits. I -want him '?and nobody but him. It is hard that we should be parted like this. I ought to have' .gone with him in spite of all the doctors in ?Christendom.' ' . - .' She relented towards the letter which her -feverish hand had used so badly. She .smoothed out the flimsy paper carefully with -*hat pretty little hand, and then she re-read ?theioBband's letter so full of grave tender ness and fond consoling words. ?? He was with his regiment in Burmah, and '4he present aspect of things gave him no hope -of being able to return to England for the aext half-year, .and there was no certainty that ?the half-year might not be stretched into a whole year. The separation could not be more irksome to his dearest Isola than it was to him, iher husband of little more than a year ; but not for worlds would he have exposed her to 4he risks of that climate. He took comfort in -4-hinkisg of her in the snug little Cornish nest, with his good Tabitha. Isola kissed the letter before she put it in (her pocket, and then she looked round the xoom rather dolefully, as if the Cornish nest -were not altogether paradise. Ind yet it was =a pretty little room enough, half dining-room, half study, with well-bound books on carved ?oak shelves, and photographs and bright draperies, and cosily-cushioned bamboo chairs, .and a bird cage and Persian cat, and the -garden outside was not flowerless, even on the threshold of winter. The purple blossoms of the veronica were untouched by frost ; there -qrerepale tea roses gleaming yonder against ifche dark gloss of holly and laureL There ?cere star-shaped single dahlias of vividest red, jlike epota of flame; and close under the ?Window, last Bplendpnr of departed summer, the waxen chalice of a liliutn auratum, trembled on its tail stem, and filled the room with perfume. The rain was over — the monotonous drip, drip, which had irritated Isola'a netves all that ?morning, had ceased at last. She left the modeBt little lunch untouched upon the table, \- ^and went out into she hall, where her hat and jacket hung handy for any impromptu ramble. 3Sro need to look at oneself in the glass before ?going out of doors, at twenty years of age, and ?in such a place as Tfelaseo. Isola took her stick from' the stand,- a green orange stick, fraught in the sunny south on her way to \- 'Venice with her husband last year, a leisurely * ?trip, which had been to them as a second honeymoon after a few happy months of .wed look. Then has come the sadness of partintf, ;and a swift and lonely return journey for the young wife— -a, lonely return to the Angler's fKest, Trelasco, that cosy cottage between iliostwithiel and Fowey which Major Disney jhad bought and furnished before his marriage. 'He was_ a son of the soil, and he had chosen to tpitoh his tent in that remote epot for the sake *-f old associations, and from a fixed belief that 'there was no locality of equal merit for health, beauty, and all other virtues whioh a man ?should seek in bis hose. 1 Isola rarely touched that stick without re membering the day it was bought— a rainy day in Milan — just such a day as this,' a low grey sky and an oppressive mildness of atmosphere. She remembered with the siok pain that goes with long partings how she and her hueband Jhad dawdled away an afternoon in the Victor lEmmanuel Gallery, buying handkerchiefs and rceokties, a book or two, a collection of phpto igraphs, and finally the orange stick. She went out to walk down her depression before tea-time, if possible. She went along a ?narrow path to the river, then turned into a i?oad that skirted those green pastures which :xoss sheer till the ragged edge of the topmost boundary seemed to touch die dim, grey sky. She passed the village inn, deadly quiet at jthis season and at this hour. She passed the jfaalf -dozen decent cottages, and the three or pour genteeler houses, each in its neatly-kept ?garden, and ehe walked with qulok, light Btep ' Along the wet road, her useful tailor-gown well row now and then as she swung it to and fro in dreamy thought. A long, lonely whiter to look forward to— a Winter like the last— with her books and draw ing-board, and her cottage piano, and the cat and the fox-terriers, and Tabitha for her daily companions. There were :a few neighbors within a radius of half-a-dozen miles, who had been very civil to her; who called upon her, say onoe in six weeks ; who sometimes invited her to a stately dinner . party, ..and some times at a suspiciously short nptfoe, which made her feel she was wanted to fill a gap ; who made her free of their tennis lawns ; and who talked to her on Sundays after church, - and were always very particular in enquiring for any news from India. There was not one among them for whom she cared ; not one to whom sue would have liked to pour out her thoughts about Keats or Shelley, or to whom she would have confided her opinion of Byron. She liked Bulwerfs 'AudleyEgerton' better than any of those flesh and blood neighbors. - She wa3 happier sitting by her chimney-corner with a novel than in the best society available within a drive of Trelasco. She struck off the high road into a lane, a lane that led to the tiase of a wilder hill than that where the red cattle were grazing. The crest of the hill was common land, and dark fir trees made a waving line against the autumn sky, and the view from the summit was wide and varied, with a glimpse of the great brown cliffs and the dark grey sea far off to the west, to that dim distance where the Dodman 'shut off the watery way to the new world. On the landward slope of that wild- looking ridge was the Mount, Lord Lostwithiel's place, unin habited for the greater part of the year except by servant', hia lordship being the very last kind o^ man to bury himself alive in a remote Cornish fastness, a long day's journey from the London theatres and the Thames Yaohb Club. Who was Lord Loatwithiel? Well, in the estimation of Trelasco he was the only noble man in England, or say that he was to all other peers as the sun to the* other planets. He belonged to Trelasco by reason of his large lauded estate and the accident of his birth, whioh had taken place at the Mount, and although his character and way of life were not altogether satisfactory to the village mind, Trelasco made the best of him. Ieola Disney climbed the hill, an easy matter to light-footed twenty. She stood amidst the tall fir columns and looked down at the No vember landscape, very distinctly defined in the soft, grey atmosphere. She could aee the plough moving slowly across the red earth in the fields below, the clumsy farm horses, white _ against the deep, rich red. She could see the ' winding . river, blueieh grey, between its willowy banks, and far off towards Fowey wooded hills, where the foliage showed orange and tawny and russet and dun color between the blue-grey water and the pale, grey sky. She loved this wild lonely hill, and felt her Spirits rise in this lighter atmosphere as she stood resting against the scaly trunk of the fir, with the wind blowing her hair. It was a relief to escape from the silence of those empty rooms, where she had only the sleepy Persian cat or the hyper- intelligent fox terrier for com pany, 'there was a longer and more pic turesque wajChome than that by which she had come. She could descend the other side of the hill, skirt the gardens of the mount by a path that led through the park, and whioh was free to foot passengers. It was one of her favorite walks, and she was so accustomed to seeing the shutters closed at the great house that she never expected to meet any one more alarming than a farm servant or a cottager's child upon the footpath. There was a thick chesnut copse upon one side and the wide expanse of undulating turf, with an occasional clump of choice ti mber, upon the other. ' The house stood on higher ground than the park, and was hemmed in and hidden by shrubberies that had overgrown the intention of the landsoape gardener who planned them. Only the old grey stone gables, with their heavy slabs of slate, and the tall clustered ohimneys showed above the copper beeches, and deo daras, the laurels, and junipers, and Irish yews, and the shining masses of arbutus with their crimson berries gleaming amongst the green. Isola had never seen that old Manor House nearer than she saw it to day, from the path which was a public right-of-way through the park. She knew that the greater part of the building dated from the reign of Charles the Second, but that there were older bits, and that about the whole, and about these ancient rooms and passages most especially, there were numerous legends and traditions and historical associations, not without the suspicion of ghosts. The Mount was not a show place, like the home of the Treffrys at Fowey, and of late years it had been very seldom inhabited, except by certain human Fossils who had served the house of Hulbert for two generations. She had often looked longingly at those quaint old gables, those clustered stone chimneys, likening the house amidst its overgrown shrubberies to the Sleeping Beauty'3 Castle, and had wished that she were on friendly terms with one of those drowsy old retainers. ' I dare say if I were daring enough to opBn one of the doors and go in I should find them all asleep,' she thought, 'and I might explore the house from cellar to garret without awaken ing anybody. ' She was too depressed and dis appointed to-day to give more than a carelesp, unseeing glance at those many gables as she walked along the muddy path beside the drip ping oopse. The chesnut boughs were nearly bare, but here and there a cluster of bright yellow leaves were still hanging, shining like pale sold in the last watery gleams of the sun ; and though the leaves were lying sodden and brown among the rank wet grass, there were emerald mosses and cool green ferns, and red and orange fungi to give color to the fore ground, and to the little vistas that opened here and there amidst the tangle of under wood. Those final yellow gleams were fading low down in the western sky as Isola turned her face towards the river and the Angler's Nest, and just above that pale radiance of a watery sunset there stretched a dense black cloud, like a monstrous, iron- bar, which she felt must mean mischief. She looked at that black line apprehensively. She was three miles from home, without waterproof cloak or -umbrella, and with no available shelter within three quarters of a mile. . ??...; . ? She quickened her pace, watching the fading light and lowering cloud, expecting thunder, lightning, hail, shB knew not what. A sudden deluge resolved all her doubts. Torrential rain. That was the meaning of the inky .bar above the' setting sun. She looked round her help lessly. Should she-dart into the copse and try to shelter herself amidst those leaflets twigs, those slender withies and saplings? Better to face the storm and plod valiantly on. Her neat little cloth gown would not be much the worse for a ducking ; her neat little feet were accustomed to rapid walking. Should she run 1 No ; useless when there were three miles to be got over. A brisk steady tramp would be better. Bat brave as she was that fierce rain was far from pleasant. It cut into her eyes and blinded her. She had to grope her way aloDg the path with her stick. ' Fray let me take you to the hctae,' said a voice close beside her— a man's voioe, low and deep, and with the accents of refinement. Could one of Lord Lostwithiel's fossilised servants talk like that? Impossible. She looked up as well as she oould under that blinding downpour and saw a tall man stand ing beside the pathway with his baok to the copse. Like Rosalind, he was more than common tall, and of slim active figure. He was pale, and wore a short dark beard, and the eyes which looked at Isola out of the pale thin face were very dark. That was about a3 much as she could see of the stranger in the November dusk. 'Pray, let me persuade you to coma to the bouse,' he said, urgently. ' You are being drenched. It is absolutely dreadful to see any body out in such rain,' and there is no other shelter within reach. Let me take you there. My housekeeper will dry your hat and jacket for you. I ought to introduce myself, perhaps. I am Lord Lost withiel.' She had guessed as much. Who else would speak with authority in that place? She dimly recalled a photograph, pale and faded, of a tall man in a yeomanry uniform, seen in some body's album ; and the face of the photograph had been the same elongated oval face — with long thin nose and dark eyes a shade too near together, whioh was looking down at her an xiously now. She felt it would be churlish to refuse shelter so earnestly offered. 'Youarevery kind,' she faltered. 'lam ' sorry to.be so troublesome. I ought not to have come so far in such doubtful weather.1' She went with him meekly, walking* her fastest under tbe pelting rain, which was at her back now as they made for the house. 'Have you really come far ?' he asked. ffi 'From ^Frelasoo. I live at the Angler's Nest, a cottage by the river. You know it, perhaps ?' 'Yea. I know every house at Trelasco. There you are staying with Mrs. Disney, I presume?7' ' I am Mrs. Disney.' 'You?' with intense surprise. 'I beg your pardon. You are so young. I imagined Mrs. Disney an older person.' He glanced at the girlish figure, the pale, delicate face, and told himself that his new acquaintance could scarcely be more than nineteen or twenty. He had met Major Disney, a 'man who looked about forty — a lucky fellow to have caught such a pretty bird as this. They had reached the shrubbery by this time, and were hurrying along a winding walk where the rain reached 'them with less violence. The narrow walk brought them into a broad gravel path in front of the bouse. Lostwithiel opened a half-glass door and led Mrs. Disney into the library, a long, low room, full of curious nooks and corners, formed by two deep chimney-pieces, and by the projecting wings of the heavy oak book cases, laala had never aeen any room bo filled with books, nor had she ever seen a room with two euoh cbimney-pieces of statuary marble, yellowed with age, elaborately carved with: oheruVio heads, and' Cupids, and torches and festal wreaths, boroj and arrows, lyres and w&. r *' ' '.'? '??? A wood fire was burning upon one hearth, and it 'was hither Lostwithiel brought his guest,- wheeling a latge armchair in front of the blaze. ., . ' If you will take off your hat and j acket and sit down there I'll get my housekeeper to attend to you,' he said, with his hand upon the bell. 'You are more than kind. I must hurry home directly the rain abates a little. I have a good old servant who is sure to be anxious about) me,' said Isola, devouring the room with greedy eye3, anxious to take in every de tail of this enchanted castle. She might never enter it again, perhaps. Lord Lostwithiel was so seldom there. His absenteeism was the lament of the neighbor hood. The things he ought to have done and did not do would have filled a book. He had been wild in his youth. He had once owned a theatre. He had done, or was supposed to have done, things which ware spoken of with bated breath ; but of late years he had developed new ' ambitions and had done with theatrical speculations. He had be come literary, scientific, political. He was one of the lights of the intellectual world, or that small section of the intellectual which is affiliated to the smart world. He knew all the clever people in London, and a good many of the intellectualities of Paris, Berlin, and Vienna. He had never married ; but it was supposed that he would eventually marry, before he wa3 40, and that he would make a great match. He was not rich, but he was Lord Lostwithiel. He was by no means handsome, but he was said to be one of the most fascinating men in London. Isola pulled off her jacket slowly, looking about her all the time ; and Lostwithiel fore bore from offering her any assistance lest he should increase her evident shyness. A man in plain clothes, who looked more like a valet than a butler, answered the bell. ' Send Mrs. Mayne, and bring tea,' ordered his lordship. What a slender, girlish form it. was which the removal of the tweed jacket revealed. The slim waist and somewhat narrow shoulders betokened a delicacy of constitution. The throat was beautiful, milk white, the throat of Diana, and the head, now the hat was off, would also have done for Diana ; a small classic head, with soft, brown hair drawn smoothly away from the low, white brow and rolled into a knot at the back. The features were as delicate as the complexion, in whioh there was no brilliauoy of coloring, only pale, ivory tints. The eyes were dark grey, with long brown lashes, and their present expression was between anxiety and wondering interest. Loatwithiel was not such a coxcomb as to appropriate that look of interest. He saw that it was his house and not himself which inspired the feeling. ' You like old houses, I can see, Mrs. Dis ney,' he said, smiling at her. 'Dearly. They are like poems in briok and stone, are they not? I dare say there are stories about this room.' 'Innumerable stories. I should have to ransack the Record Office for some of them, and to draw upon a very bad memory to a perilous-extent for others.' 'Is it haunted?' 'I am not one of those privileged persons who eee ghosts ; neither seventh son of a seventh son, nor of the meditunistio tem perament ; but I have heard of an apparition pervading the house on occasions, and being seen in this room, which is one of the older rooms, a part of that building whioh was once a grange appertaining to a certain small monastery, put down by Henry VIII,, and recorded in the_ Black Book. As one of the oldest rooms it is naturally uncanny ; but as I have never suffered any inconvenience in that line, I make it my own particular den.' 'It is the most picturesque room lever saw. And what a multitude of books !' ex claimed Isola. 4 'Yes; I have a good many books. I am always buying; but I find I never have exactly the book I want. And as I have no librarian I am too apt to forget the books I have. If I could afford to spend more of my life at the Mount, I would engage some learned gentleman, whose life had been a failure, to take care of my books. Are you Cornish, like your husband, Mis. Disney ?' 'No. I was born at Dinan.' ' What ! in that medieval Breton city ? You are not French, though, I think?' ' My mother and father were both Eoglish, but my sister and I were born and brought up in Brittany.' Lostwithiel questioned no further. He had a shrewd idea that when English people live for a good many years in a Breton town they have reasons of their own, generally financial, for their choice of a settlement. He waa a man who could not have spent six months of his life away from London and Paris. The housekeeper made her appearance and offered her services. . She wrung the rain out of Isola's olofh skirt and wiped the- muddy hem. She took charge of the jacket and hatband at Loatwithiel's suggestion she remained to pour out the tea. She was- a very dignified person in a black silk gown and a lace cap, ; and she treated her master as if he had been a demi god. Isola could not be afraid of taking tea in this matronly presence, yet she kept looking nervously towards the window in front of her, where the rain beat .with nndiminished force and where the darkening, sky told of impend ing night. 'I see you are getting anxious, Mrs. Disney,' said Lostwithiel, who had nothing to do but watch her face, such an expressive face at all times, so piotureBquely beautiful when touched by tbe flickering light of the low wood fire. 'If you have to wait lor fine weather you ma? be here all night, and your good people at home would be frantic. I'll order a carriage and you can be at home in three quarters of an hour. 'Oh, no, Lord Lostwithiel, I couldn't give you so much trouble.'. If your housekeeper will be so very kind as to lend me. a cloak and umbrella I can get: home very ---well. And I had better start at once.' : : : :.'''' 'In the rain, alone, and in the darkness. lit will be dark before £6u .are home in any case. No, Mrs. Disney, if J-; were tppjeismili such a thing I should expefcb-5Iajor DieneyJtocallirie out directly he came home: He is in India, I think.'. \';-;;. ?-./ - -,?:?-?- ?;??-.£? 'Yes. He is with- his regiment in Bur mah.' '', ? .;... .?-?: ' Do you expect him home soon ?' ?':.?; ' Not very soon ; not for six months, or per haps longer. It was that which made me walk bo farl' Lostwithiel looked puzzled. 'I mean .that I was so disappointed by. his letter — a letter I received to-day — that I went out for a long walk to walk down my bad spirits if I could, and hardly knew how far I was going. It has made me inflict trouble on you and Mrs. ? ' 'Mayne. Both Mrs. Mayneand I are de lighted to be of use to you. Order the station brougham, Dalton, immediately,'' to the man who answered his bell. 'The carriage can haidly be ready in less than twenty minutes, so pray try to do justice to Mrs. Mayne's tea.' 'It is delioiqus tea,' said Isola sipping it luxuriously, enjoying the fire-glow and the dancing lights upon the richly-bound books in all their varieties of coloring, from crimson and Orange tawny to cream vellum. She was evidently relieved in her mind by the knowledge that she was to be driven home presently. . , 'If you are really interested in this old house you must come some sunny morning and leb Mrs. Mayne show you over it,' said Lostwithiel, establishing himself with his cup and saucer upon the other side of the hearth. 'She knows all the old stories, and she has a better memory than I.' ' 'I should like much to do so next summer, when my husband can come with me.'. ? - : - ' ' I'm afraid Major Disney won't care' muoh about the old place.. He. is a native of these parts, arid mus&^haye.: been, here of ten in . my father's tinie;; r shall hope to reoeive you both, if Jr'am ;ner6 .next, Oetobar for the shooting— but there is no need to relegate your inspection of the.house to a remote future. Come on the? first'fitiemorning.-iEat you have nothing' better to doV* Mrs. Mayne is always at home: and' as I am always out of doors in the morning you can have the house to yourselves, and talk about ghosts to your heart's content.' ' Ob, my lord, I hope I know better than to say anything disrespectful of the house,' pro tested Mrs. Majae. 'My dear Mayne, a family ghost is as lespeotable an institution as a family tree.' Isola murmured some vague acknowledgment of his civility. . She was far. too 6hy to have any idea of taking any advantage of his offer. To re-enter that house alone of her own accord would be impossible. By-and-by, with her husband at her side, she would be bold enough to do anything, to accept any hospitality that Lostwithiel might be moved to offer. He would invite Martin, perhaps, for the shooting, or to a luncheon, or a dinner. She wondered vaguely if she would ever possess a gown good enough to wear at a dinner party in such a house. After this there came a brief silence. Mr?. Mayne stood straight and- prim behind the tea table. Nothing would have induced her to sit in his lordship's presence, albeit she had dandled him in her arms when there was much lees of him than of the cambric and fine flannel which composed his raiment, and albeit his easy familiarity might have invited some forgetf ulness of caste distinctions. Mrs. Mayne fully 'understood that she was wanted there to set the stranger at her ease, and she performed her misBion ; but even her presence could not relieve Isola'o shyneps. She felt like a bird caught in a net, or fluttering in the grasp of some strong but kindly hand. She sat listening for carriage wheels, and only hearing the dull thumping of her own eaored heart. And yet he was so kind, and yet he so fully realised her idea of high-bred gentleness that she need hardly have been so troubled by the situation. She stole a glance at him as he. stood by the chimney-piece in a thoughtful attitude, looking down at the burning legs on the massive old irons. The firelight shining on a face above . it . will .often give a sinister 'look to the openest. I oountenanoe; and to-night Lostwitbiel's long, I aartoj fgoe, dajk. d,eep-aet ^res *nd jginted beard had some touoh of the diabolioal in that I red and uncertain glow; an effect that was I but instantaneous, for as the light changed the look passed and sbe saw him as he really was, with his pale aud somewhat sunken oheeks, and eyes darkly grave, of exceeding gentle ness. : 'Have you lived long at the Angler's Nest, Mrs. Disney ?' he asked, at last. ' ' Nearly a year and a half ; ever sinoe my marriage, with just one interval in the' south of France, before Martin went to India.' ' Then I need not ask if you are heartily siok of the place ?' 'Indeed,' I should not be tired of the cot tage or the neighborhood if my husband were at home. lam only tired of solitude. He wants me to send for- his sister — a girl who is just leaving school-*-to keep me company ; but I detest school girls, and I would muoh rather be alone than endure a perpetual tele-a-tcte of that kind.' 'You are wise beyond your years, Mrs. Disney. Avoid the sister, by all means. She would bore you to death — a scampering exube rant girl, who would develop hysteria after one month of Trelasco dulness. Besides, I am sure you have resources of your own, and that you would rather endure solitude thau uncon genial company.' Isola sighed and shook her head rather dole fully, tracing the pattern of the persian rug with the point of her stick. 'I am very fond of books, and of music,' she said ; ' but one gets tired of being alone after a time. It seems such ages since Martin and I said good-bye in Venice. I was dread fully unhappy at first. I stand almost alone in the world when I am parted from him.' 'Your father and mother are dead?' in gentlest enquiry. - - 'Ob, no; they are not dead; they are at Dinan,' Bhe said, almost as if it were the same thine. ' And that is very far from Trelasco?' 'They never leave Dinan. The kind of life suits them. Mamma knits ; papa has his club and his English newspapers. People enjoy the English newspapers so much more when they live abroad than when they are at home. Mamma is a very bad sailor. It would be a risk for her to crosB. If my sister or I were dangerously ill mamma would come. But it would be at the hazard of her life. Papa ha3 often told me so.' ' And your father, is he a bad sailor?' ' He is rather worse than mamma.' 'Then I conclude you were married at Dinan ?' 'Oh, yes; I never left Brittany until my wedding day.' 'What a pretty idea. It i3 as if Mijor Disney had found a new kind of wild flower in some nook or cranny of that old grey wall that guards the town.' 'You know Dinan?' ? 'There are very few plaoes within easy reach of a yachtsman that I don't know. I have anchored in almost every bay between Cherbourg and Brest, and have rambled in land wherever there was anything worth see ing within a day's journey from the coast. Yes, I know Dinan well. Strange to think that I may have passed you in the street there. Do you sketch, by the way ?' 'A little.' 'Ah, then, perhaps you are one of the young ladies I have eeen sitting at street corners or under archways, doing fearful and wonderful things with a box of moist colors and a drawing board.' 'The young ladies who sit about the streets are tourists,' Baid Isola, with a look of disgust. 'I understand. The resident ladies would no more do such things than they would sit upon the pavement and make pictures of salmon or men-of-war in colored chalks, like our metropolitan artists.' 'I think I hear a carriage,' said Isola, putting down her cup aud saucer, and looking at her jacket, whioh Mrs. Mayne was holding before the fire. 'Yes, that is the carriage,' answered Lost withiel, opening the glass door. 'What a night. The rain is just a3 bad as it was when 1 brought you indoors.' 'If you will accept the use of a shawl, ma'am, it would be safer than putting on this damp jacket.' ' Yes, Mayne, get your shawl. Mrs. Disney will wear it, I know.' The housekeeper bustled out, and Lost withiel and his guest were alone, looking at each other somewhat helplessly, as they stood far apart, she in the glow of the hearth, he in the darkness near the door, and feeling that every available subject of conversation had been exhausted. Their embarrassment Was in creased when Dalton and a footman came in with two great shining lamps and flooded the room with light. *'I hardly know how to thank you for having taken so much trouble about me,' Isola faltered presently, under that necessity to say something which is one of the marks of shyness. ' There has been no trouble. I only hope I got you out of that pelting rain in time to save you from any evil consequences. Strange that our acquaintance should begin in such an accidental manner. I- shall be very glad to know more of Major Disney when he comes home, aud in the meantime I hope I shall have the pleasure of meeting you sometimes. No doubt you know everybody in the neigh borhood, so we can hardly help running against each other somewhere.' Isola smiled faintly, thinking that the chances of any suoh meeting were of the slightest ; but she did xtot gainsay him. He wanted to say something'oburteous no doubt, and bad gone into no nice question of prob abilities before he spoke. She had heard him described by a good many people, who had hinted darkly at bis shortcomings, but had all agreed as to his politeness and persuasive powers. ' ' A man who would talk over Satan him self,' eaid the village lawyer. Mrs. Mayne appeared with a comfortable shepherd's plaid shawl, which she wrapped carefully about Mrs. Disney in a pleasant, motherly fashion. The rain had all been shaken off the little felt hat, whioh had no feathers or frippery to spoil. People who live in the West of England .make their account with wet weather. Lord Lostwithiel handed his guest into the carriage, and stood bareheaded in the rain to wish her good-bye before he shut the door. 'I shall be very anxious to know that you have escaped cold,' he said, at the last moment, 'I hops you won't think me 'a nuisance if I call to-morrow to enquire.' \- He shut the door quickly, and the brougham drove off 'before she could answer. She was alone in tiro darkness in the snug warm little carriage. There was a dock ticking beside her, a sound that startled her in the darkness. There was a basket hanging in front of her, and an odor of cigars and Russian leather. There was a black bear rag, lined with softest cloth, which almost filled the carriage. She had never sat in such a carriage. How diffe rent from the mouldy old Clarence in which she occasionally went to dinner parties— a capacious vehicle with a bow window like a seaside parlor. She leant back in a corner of the little car riage, wrapped in the soft and shaggy rug. wondering at her strange adventure, bhe. had penetrated that mysterious house on Blaok Fir Hill, and she had made the acquaintance of Lord LostwithieL How muoh she would have to tell Martin in her next letter. She wrote to him every week— a long loving letter, closely written on thin glazed paper, pouring out all her fancies and feelings to the hus band she loved with all her heart. She sighed as her thought recurred to the letter received to-day. Sixmonths, or perhaps even a year, before he was to comeoaokto her ! Yet the letter had not been without hopefulness. He had the prospect of getting his next Btep before that year was over, and then his coming home would be a final return. He would be able to retire, and he would buy some land— a hundred acres or so— and breed horses— one of his youthful dreams, and do a little building, perhaps, to enlarge and beautify the Angler's Nest, and his Isola should have a pair of ponies and a good saddle horse. He looked forward to a hie of unalloyed happi ness. flobeoontimied.) Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son have sent us the latest of Professor Henry Drummond's booklets, which is entitled 'The City Without a Church.' Tue texts on which. the address is founded are taken from -the Revelation', and run-thus—' I, John, saw the Holy City, New -Jerusalem, coming down1 from God out of Heaven. . . . And I saw no temple therein. . , . And His servants shall serve Him, and they shall see His face, at-d His name shall be' written on their foreheads.' The discourse is divided ' into three parts corresponding with the joints of the text, the subheadings, being—' I saw the city,' 'His servants shall serve,' and 'I saw no temple there.' ' Begin where you are,'' the writer says in one place. 'Make that one corner, room, house, office as like heaven as you can. Begin with the paper on the walls, make that beautiful ; with ? the air, keep it fresh; with the very drains, make them sweet ; with the very furniture, see that it be honest. Abolish whatsoever worketh abomi nation — in food, in drink, in luxury, in books, in art, whatsoever maketh a lie— in conversation, in social intercourse, m corres pondence, in domestic life. This done you have arranged for a heaven, but you have not got it. Heaven lies within, in kindness, in humbleness, in unselfishness, in faith, in love, in service.' 