. AMUSEMENTS ORGAN RECITAL, There was a good audience at. the second of tho series of "holiday recitals" at the Town-hall last evening. The city organist opened with his " Australian March,'' whieli was well received. Evon greater success attended the performance of tho second number, "Tho Gondola," a Bong without words, also tho composition of M. Wiegand, and which had. to bo repeated. Tho "Carman" fantasia was brilliantly played, and Haydn's " With Verdure Clad'' proved as welcome as on previous occasions. If the organist had not held out firmly there would have been a repetition of his Idyll No. I, with which the second part of tho programme was opened. During the playing of the Idyll the hall, according to the pre-arranged plan of M. Wiegand was by the lowering of the electric lights thrown into semi-darkness, with the result that the storm in particular was far more effective than nt previous recitals. The other popular numbers are Batiste's "Elevation Allan Macboth's Intermezzo, and Ascher's "Fan fare Militaire." There is to be another special recital to- inorrow evening. A. concert in connection with the Royal Ancient Order of Buffaloes was held at the Cambridge Hotel last night. The chair was taken by the Grand Pnmo, " Sir " Thomas Austin, K.O.A1. There were numerous other " knights " present, each wearing the decora tion of his order, which, to adopt appropriate' heraldic language, may lie. described as a cross argent, rayant between the projections, with a bull's head, or on the fess point, and attached to the coat with a broad ribbon azure crossed with three bars argent. On Friday evening last a Christmas enter tainment was given in tho Congregational schoolroom, Marrickville, when Mr. W. Jackson recited. Dickens's Christmas story, " Aim-ley's Ghost." The recital was illus trated by limelight views, in which the pictures of 'Christmas Past, of Christmas Present, and of Christmas to Come were beautifully portrayed. Mrs. Jackson pre sided at the organ. The proceeds of the entertainment were handed to Dr. Roseby for the relief of the distress in tho district. On New Year's - Day, ' at tho Bondi Aquarium, two operas will be performed in addition to the music by tho minstrel com panies. Mr. Jules Simonsen, Mr. Went worth, Miss Kate Towers, Miss Maud Leamington, and others have been engagod. 