TRAGEDY AND COMEDY. Some Amusing Stories of the Stage. The late Lawrence Barrett often told how a small incident served to turn an otherwise successful play into a howling farce. When Mac ready was a young man classical drama in blank verse held the stage. One of these was' iErailius, or the Fall of Rome," written, of course, by a 'person of quality/ iEmilius was played by an actor named Pope, and the exigencies of the play required him to be brought on the stage on a bier, supposedly dead. Flavius, acted by Macready, spoke an oration over the body. Pope was an inveterate snuff taker, and just before going on one night be borrowed a pinch from one of the stage attendants. He was accustomed to only a mild invigorant, but the borrowed to bacco was fiery Welsh stuff. Pope was duly brought on the stage by the usual army of ' supers,' and Macready began:— 'Tbou last of the Romans, thy bleeding country calls thee in vain. Time and fortune may do their worst. Since thou ' Here, to Macready'sastonishment, Pope's face began to work, and then came a sneeze from the dead Roman that shook the flies. Macready started as if shot, and the audience began to titter, but he went od :— ' Since thou hast left us we are encompassed by enemies who ' Here the corpse began to show animation, and than came a suc cession of sneezes. Boiling over with rage, and in a voice heard all over the bouse, Macready mut tered : ' Drat your blood, sir; why don't you do your sneezing off the stage ?' The audience shouted, and the scene ended by the corpse stalking off the stage to find and kill the man who gave him the snuff. A false moustache on the stage is, as every actor knows, a perilous ornament. In Mr. Walter Frith's play, entitled ' Moliere,' at the St. j James's, Mr. George Alexander had j made up his face with really mar- i vellous art, after the portrait and i bust so familiar to visitors to the j foyer of the Comedie Franijaise. ; The full- bottomed wig, with its | abundant curly, the distinctly- j marked eyeballs, the neat little i moustache divided in the middle j and twisted at the ends—every de tail, in fact, was scrupulously re- j produced. But, unluckily, Mr. Frith's Moliere, though dying, has to go through a good deal of violent ! exertion, and in the course of this j exertion one night one-half of his ■ elegant moustache suddenly dis- 1 appeared. Perhaps the best course | under that distressing circumstance > would have been to throw away what had not become decidedly j ' the worser half of it.' Mr. Alex ander, however, preferred to go on ! with half a moustache, a circum- j stance which certainly did not add I to the effect of his performance. E. H. Sothern relates a funny 1 adventure he had with a false moustache while playing in 'The Highest Bidder.' In the last act Sothern, as the hero of the play, had a fight with the villain. It is the stage business of the villain to puff cigar smoke into the face of the hero, whereupon Sothern, who is facing him, makes a grab for the cigar, and jerks, it out of his mouth. Then the men struggle, On the occasion referred to the villain's moustache was either pasted on too loosely or Sothern grabbed out too savagely, for half the moustache came away. Thereafter the villain had to keep the side of his face to the audience, while the struggle was very amusing to the rest of the company, who watched the proceedings from the wings. Pre sently, however, the villain forgot his predicament and turned full face to the audience to deliver a strong speech about the revenge he would certainly accomplish in the future. It was some time before the audience calmed down, j 11 once witnessed an absurd ! accident,' said E. S. YVillard some time ago, ' which ruined one act and generally prejudiced not only the drama, but the luckless persons especially connected with it. The name of the piece I have forgotten, but there was a sensation scene in which the bursting of a dam, re sevoir, or sluice afforded the hero a fine opportunity for melodramatic action. The scene, with real water effects, was conspicuously built up at the back of the stage. Imagine the effect produced on an almost hysterical audience, worked up to excitement by sundry heaves of the canvas showing the impending catastrophe, when on the wild ex clamation of the hero, ' Great heaven 1 The flood is on us!' the highly nnromantie squiriting of a stopped up tap was heard, and a tiny stream, barely sufficient to have disturbed the track of an ant, trickled towards the foot-lights. The derision of the spectators stimulated the hero to rectify the tap, which retaliated by directing a tolerably strong jet into the actor's face. Discomfited and moist, he rushed from the stage, leaving the abashed heroine to struggle through the ' flood' to the wings, followed by the shouts of the audience. These were increased a moment afterward by the specially unrehearsed effect of the succeed ing soliloquy of a mild attorney being interrupted by a brilliant display of the whole system of fountains taking up a wrong cue, and deluging the stage and orches tra. The whole thing was so ridi culous that the greater portion of the people present left, exhausted by laughter.' At a theatre in London an un rehearsed effect that was rather amusing occurred during the run of ' Mysteries of Audlev Court,' a version of' Lady Audley's Secret.' On this occasion one of the players had to open a front scene. The carpenters in their hurry ran on an exterior and enterior ' flat,' the combination of which set the house in a roar. Unaware of the incident, the actor who was cast for Luke Marks proceeded to enter, at his first words were: 1 Everything is going wrong,' at which felicitous— or infelicitous—commentary there was a roar of laughter. Before the younger Salvini be gan ' staring,' for himself he was stage manager for his father. While the great tragedian was playing in the city of Baltimore, some of the university students volunteered their services as 'supers.' A number were accepted, and were picking out their costumes, when somebody's eye happened to fall upon a lot of stage whiskers. The costumier warned the students that the younger Salvini had a positive hatred of beards, but the youthful 'supers.' eould not re sist the temptation to wear them. Grown upon with hair as was Esau, they appeared in the wings just before the curtain was rung up. Salvini's gaze rested upon them. 'Take off those beards,' he ex claimed sternly. The supers re moved them with a single and simultaneous motion—all save one. ' Take off that beard, I say,' re peated Salvini. The student made no reply, but smiled very amiably. The curtain was about to go up. Salvini sprang upon the bewhis kered youth, and pulled at the offending beard. It would not yield, but a howl of pain came from its wearer. The whiskers were not stage ' properties,' but a gift of nature. Salvini was greatly embarrassed. Profuse apologies weTe made and accepted, and the student continued a super through the engagement, wearing his whis kers all the time. Mr. Sheridan, the father of Richard Brinsley Sheridan, was playing at the Dublin Theatre. The piece was ' Alexander's Feast,' and Sheridan took the part of Alexander the Great. In the play Alexander, in a drunken fury, kills his dear friends Citus with a spear. One of the stage attendants was a Dublin Irishman named 'Jimmy' Fotteral. He had but one ambition in the world—to be come an actor—and he was perpe tually spouting and striking atti tudes, to the delight of bis asso ciates. It is more than likely that Sheridan was drunk on this par ticular night, tor in throwing his spear he missed Citus and struck ' Jimmy' Fotteral. For a moment ' Jimmy' was paralysed. Then the blissful idea came to him—the great Mr. Sheridan had heard of his ability and had thus given him a •chance. Dropping on his back with a yell that thrilled the au dience, ' Jimmy' proceeded to die a stage death. He rolled beneath the chair and tables, yelling all the time, and at length, with a mighty kick and tremendous groans, he gave up the ghost. He was lugged off the stage by the indignant manager amid cheers and lau<?h ter.— -London Exchange. 