Crystals. Conditions not unfavourable for electric disturbances and other Wragged abomina tions. That's one way of putting it calculated to make the non- scientific subject mad. Hardly up, howewer, in Delphic ambiguity to the late famous ' Conditions not negative for recurve to Moreton Bay.' For ways that are dark and tricks tnat ? are vain the heathen Chinee is peculiar — When there are no aldermen about. At a recent meeting of a municipal council a heathen aforesaid applied for reduction of rent on his cabbage patch by virtue of losses sustained by floods. ' Ask him to apply to the Flood Relief Committee,' suggested a City Father of the childlike and bland cast. 'If they assist him \ e will probably not ask for a reduction of rent.' This device to make the Flood Relief Committee pay the municipal rent should be passed round the municipal world before the flood funds are exhausted. The wiliest Chinee outside the crockery wall would never have thought of it. The Caucasian is not yet played out by many a card. The happiest man here below should be our junior member. Not because he is junior, but preferable to juveniles in the eyes of the ladies. A minister of the Gospel said it, and it must be true. About the best first-class nuisance of the present day is your wild-eyed separationiat of the north. They couldn't let that most kindly and harmless man, Lord Jersey, enter their gates for an hour without worryiug him as to his opinions on their one aud only topic. Jersey had no opinions on the beastly thing, or if he had was too cute to express them. To go for Separation was hardly con sistent with his Imperial representativeness; to go against it hardly safe — in Kockhampton and Townsville. We wondered where the monsoonal atrocities which lately playfully chased each other along our coasts had gone to. To the Transvaal, it now appears, to bore the unhappy boers, A certain capable copper wasn't weaned yesterday. Going to a wedding feast with a warrant in his pocket, he waited until everybody, himselt included, had feasted to fulness before he jugged the bride. Hathcr a sensational sequel to a marriage festivity and calculated to break it up with most admired disorder, like Banquo's ghost. The elect of Mid- Tipperary is a Geelong boy — by accident. For his motion re annexing New Cale donia shows he is ready to hit ahead wherever he sees it, irrespective of consequences. He should therefore find himself in his clement 'mid Tips. 