CHOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION"? Now, which is the worse—to bave oo ajv petite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There are lots of people on the one ode or the other of this question. "When '^good digestion waits on appetite, and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a persbn towards his meals. Bat most of ns are not blessed in that way; we other have too much food withont an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer tms question differently, but tire common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits :it is better to have an appetite withont a dinner, because, short ofthe starvation line, a. hungry man is.a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought. to eat and dosen't feel like eating, stands'in need of •Iterationsandrepairs." | , r To illustrate. We xecxnUy recsivad commumca&tn; in :Whioh-Ihe.writer says, « I m afnud toeat" I)id Jie ^ancyiiB iMttW^^Oi^'^t&p; nature rebel l^gainstthe iouriahment liTOdjOnS If &e; He says, - In the year 18891 dwngek w k frm-taflmy sorfar rto rópUman. artfKi&lmoal;^ gSmBaBBBfflg bad eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it wonld choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation " at his heart, as though it wtre touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he w*s attacked with sp«sms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him "1 dreaded," he says, "the thonght <f eating, and many a scanty meal have 1 made, for I was afraid to eat "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervons condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep " What he means by the fear of something going to happen" is of coarse, the fear of so'ne calamity, snch as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This waa due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (tbe life bearer), MB uiutrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of tl-is form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungovemed imagination. " With great difficulty," he says " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family defending on me. So I strngeled on, but what ! Buffered for over two years is past my powers of description. 1 am sure no one suffered so much as I have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one'e notinn of his neighbour's pain. There i« a conntU— i_L. goi*g : lagh thę-same wretched experience/only we don't happen to come in touch with them ' Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," be' says, "got me a bottle at Mr LangstafTs, in Woodles r ord, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven -years. (Signed) "GBOBGB HCOT, " Car Bottom Rood, " Apperly Bridge, near LeedB." We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at large may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 