MARVELS OF EÏÏECIRÏCITY. DISPLAY AT THE WORLD'S FAIR A SCENE OF BEAUTY. * [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] ILLUMINATING THE BUILDINGS. CHICAGO, 17th July. The moment one begins to write about modern developments of electricity all the adjectives in the dictionary expressive of astonishment and admiration seem to muster themselves ready for immediate use. After Studying the wonders set forth in the Electrical Building of the World's Columbian Exposition, one finds it a hard task to write calmly and sedately of the marvellous display. To the general observer the infinite variety of the uses to which electricity is put comes, as a revelation. To the specialist, theoretical or practical, there is presented an almost bewildering aggregation of the most delicate apparatus and beautiful machinery. It has to be remembered that the exhibition as a whole is itself illustrative of the recent advances made by the youngest and greatest of the practical sciences. When the Paris Exposition hung out 1100 arc lights and arranged 9000 incandescent lamps, the world felt impressed with the marvellous achievement. Chicago puts that effort completely in the shade, literally as well as metaphorically, for here there are 5000 arc lights and no fewer than £10,000 incandescent lamps. The exquisite loveliness of the night scene when the Court of Honour is lit up with myriads of electric lamps, setting out every line in the beautiful facade of the Agricultural, Machinery, Electricity, and Manufactures Buildings, tracing with lines of fire the Grecian-like peristyle, with its noble columns and magnificent surmounting statuary, outlin- ing in the heavens the graceful dome of the Administration Building, the architectural gem by universal consent of all the World's Fair Palaces, running around the marble balustrades that encircle the gleaming waters of the lagoon, shedding over lake and verdant turf and snow-white colonnades alike a soft effulgence that sales the moonlight and is more grateful to the eye than the garish glare of the mid-day sun-this is a scene that words cannot paint. It is moreover a scene that electricity alone renders possible. A beautiful accessory is the electric fountains, throwing up columns of rainbow-hued water from which break clouds of spray gleaming now like rubies and a moment hence like emeralds or sapphires. Skimming over the lagoon and darting underneath the bridges are silently gliding electric launches, which, side by side with the picturesque gondolas and gaily clad gondoliers, bring the old and the new so vividly together. Across the field of view, gliding swiftly over the whole range of the Park like so many ghost lights, sending copies of effulgence across the broad bosom of Lake Michigan, causing the distant domes and minarets of the Midway Plaisance temples and palaces to glisten like o arve o pillars of snow, penetrating to the silent prairie a score of miles beyond the roaring city, are the gigantic search lights, which illustrate yet another triumph of electricity. It is a grand and a glorious spectacle to contemplate with the eye, but a yet more wonderful picture to impress upon the mind, for so impressed it will afford for long days to come food for meditation on the bound- less possibilities of electrical science. ELECTRICITY UP TO DATE. Within the four walls of the building specially devoted to electricity, it is almost needless to say, is the largest and most complete display of electrical machinery and appliances the world has ever seen. Indeed, no department of the whole exhibition is so thoroughly up to date as the electrical, for the simple reason that the history of the modern applications of electricity is pretty well com- passed by half-a-century of years. To realise the extreme youth of the science, it is merely necessary to look at the dynamos which were shown at the Philadelphia Exhibition of 1876, and _ are now at Chicago placed side by side with the most recent machines as archaeological curiosities. The historical aspects of the display are indeed among its most intensely interesting features. The first telephone, the first phonograph, the first are lamp, the first electric motor, are all things of yesterday, but one looks upon them and examines their parts-with much the same feelings as one stands within the Pyramids of the Nile and inhales the musty atmosphere impregnated with the dust of mummies 5000 years old. Let me take my readers first of all to Edison's phonograph pavilion, and let them mark the progress of one brief decade. In an honoured place stands the first phonograph of the great inventor, a marvellously delicate appliance, but with its tinfoil barrel a crude machine indeed side by side with the delicately fashioned instrument of to day, whose waxen cylinder preserves for all time with the most minute fidelity the faintest waves of sound. Now, note a few of the recent applications of the phonograph. First, is its domestic use ; a small table with an abundant supply of tubes is the centre from which orchestral and vocal music, recitations, etc, are supplied to' all the household whenever desired. Next is the commercial application, economising labour and time in the offices of merchants, bankers, and other business men ; one exemplification shows tubes radiating from every room to the type-writer's desk, at which, without the medium of shorthand, letters are tran- scribed that have been spoken into the machine at any time and without awaiting the attendance of the stenographer. Thirdly, the phonograph is applied to educational purposes; yon take your French, German, Italian, or Spanish grammar and lesson book, but you not merely master with the eye the vocabulary, declensions, and rules of syntax, but your teacher, the phonograph, speaks every sentence into your ear, repeats the words again and again with infinite patience, and so gives you 'complete facilities for acquiring the most perfect accent of Paris or Berlin, Rome or Madrid. These are only a few out of scores of applications to which the phonograph is to be put in the home, in the office, and in the study. It is within the near future that the disad i ant ages of deafness will be obviated by the use of the instrument, and it is not too much to say that standing in Edison's pavilion at Chicago we are on the very threshold of numberless wonders from which the curtain will be drawn before the bells ring out the old and ring in the new century. MEDICAL AND SURGICAL USES OF ELECTRICITY. The therapeutical applications of electricity have come to be so numerous and important that electro-therapeutics may be considered to be special department of medical and surgical (science. Batteries for the use of physicians, and a vast number of electrical instruments such as exploring . needles, electrodes, Fringes, are., rare displayed. The subject is too technical for a general article, but specialists may have the assurance that if they come to Chicago they will find provided for began exhibition of every known application of electricity to medical treatment. In dentistry, also, there are important developments to be noted. Most important of these is the utilisation of the ordinary current from an incandescent or are light circuit as the motive power for the delicate drills, hammers, for., which form the equip- ment of every modern dentist's operating room. , TELEGRAPHIC WRITING. Beyond the medical section is exhibited one of the most recent and most marvellous developments of electricity-the tel auto- graph or long-distance writing machine. This system is destined to revolutionise telegraphy, for the operator at one end of the circuit writes the message, and at the other end an automatic pen working in response to the electrical stimulation traces every letter and curve with microscopic fidelity. The problem of facsimile telegraphy is by no means a new one, but its solution by Professor Elisha Gray, the famous American inventor in the fields of telegraphy and telephony, is a triumph of the past ten months. By the machine he has designed for the purpose the physician may writes prescription in the chemist's shop in another part of the city, the broker may make a contract from his office on the Stock Exchange in his own facsimile writing that stands as a permanent and exact record of the transaction, the banker can sign his cheque a thousand miles away, and the newspaper artist can instantaneously transmit his picture of the scene of an accident right from the spot to the engraving room of his office. This is no mere visionary dream of what may be, for the World's Fair visitor has the chance of seeing the marvellous operations actually performed. OCEAN TELEGRAPHY: Older, but infinitely interesting, is the system of ocean telegraphy, which the Mackay Bennett Company fully illustrates. The send- ing and receiving of messages are performed by the identical instruments used for the work and under almost precisely similar conditions, the mere fact of the cable being only a few score of yards instead of a few thousand miles long counting as absolutely nothing so far as the electricity that performs the service is concerned. Most people have the idea that cablegrams are received by electric flashes of light. But this is not so. The recording system is really not unlike the principle of the seismograph, for a glass siphon no thicker than a human hair conducts a. stream of ink from a reservoir to a paper ribbon passing forward at a uniform speed, and the inky trail so left, many times increased in size from the electric coal by a simple mechanical process, is an exact and permanent record of the delicate movements of the coil under the influence of the currents from the cable. The wavy picture made in this way forms an alphabet which the receiver can read at a glance. 