"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THT3 QUESTION?” Now, which is the worse—to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner, for your appetite ? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. Wlien ‘ good di gestion waits on appetite and health on both,’ that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet tho common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn’t feel like eating, stands in need of ‘ alterations and repairs.’ To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, ‘I was afraid to cat.’ Did ho fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived ou ? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, ‘In the year 1SS9 I changed my work from railway porter to Bignalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feci myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that or dinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; palate, to put it in that way, ap peared to have nothing to soy to them. One thing was like the other, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furried, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had taken anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wiud. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.’ We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. Ho adds that there was what he callB ‘ a pricking sensation ’ at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the- agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. ' I dreaded,’ he says, ‘ the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to cat. ‘ After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep.’ What he means by the fear of ‘ something going to happen ’ is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he inti mates, to the impoverished stato of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. Tho night of this form of illness is always lull of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. ‘ With great difficulty,’ he says ' I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending ou me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one haB suflhred so much as I havo done.’ In tho latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One’s own pain is one’s own, and is always harder to bear than is one’s notion of his neighbour’s pain. There is a countless multitude who are all tie while going through the same wretched experience, only we don’t happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like hi3 own having been cured by Mother Seigel’s Syrup. ' My wife,’ he says 1 got me a bottle at Mr. LangBtafFs, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents tho ailment left me and has never returned since that fortuuate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Comnanv for eleven vears. (Signed) 1 Geoege Hcnt, ‘ Car Bottom Boad, ‘Apperloy Bridge, near Leeds. Wo publish this by Mr. Hunt s desire, in order that part of tho world at least may know how thankful ho is and for what reason. ... 