Cjjitrcjr fUfos. Armidale.— -The Annual S.S. Prize giving Concert and Entertainment took place on the 7th inst., a crowded church evidencing the interest felt in the event. The Rev. W. H. Beale presided, and an excellent and varied programme of music, recitations and dialogues was given by the children. At the con clusion prizes for the year were dis i tributed, each child receiving one graded in value according to the number of marks gained during the year. Special I ' prizes were given: (1) By Mrs. Long, awarded to Elsie Lonsdale, who had attained the highest number of marks for the year; and (2), by Mrs. A. E. ; Fletcher, teacher of the 1st class boys, for a written examination conducted in her class, awarded to Stanley Beale and Edmund Lonsdale, who took first and second places respectively. The prizes to Juvenile Missionary Collectors were also presented ; the Chairman remarking that the Juvenile Collections for Home and Foreign Missions throughout the circuit for the year totalled just on £30, as against £20 for the previous year. The evening's pro ceedings were of a most interesting and enjoyable character, and the programme reflected much credit on Mrs. Fletcher and Miss O. Lonsdale, who had coached the children in the literary division, and on Mr. H. Dean, who instructed them in the. musical numbers. Tamworth.— Our Tamworth eor ^ respondent writes : — A series of meet ings for humiliation and prayer preceded the week of special services suggested by last Conference. Wet weather interfered somewhat with the Attendance, but many of the meetings were seasons of Divine power. Especi ally enjoyable was one for the children, the fruits of which we hope will be seen after many days. The juvenile members of the Band' of Hope were present in force, and a most interesting service was held. Altogether the mission has been a' time of blessing. But we are looking for a greater work of the Spirit, a baptism of power — of the Holy G-host and fire sent down from Heaven. May G-od prepare us for it, and send it ' not many days hence.' Stanmore. — The week of Special Prayer appointed by the Conference. . was duly observed at Stanmore, ex cellent addresses being delivered by the Revs. W. Clarke, J. Oram, Richard Martin, J. E. Moulton, and Mr. T. P. Rebve, on the various evenings. The attendance, which had been small during the other meetings, increased on Friday evening, to hear an address to the young by the President of the Con f&rence;, which was greatly enjoyed. I Although no visible sign was manifested, ; it is to be hoped that the services will be productive, of good. Balmain (Darling-street Circuit.) — Our correspondent writes: — Special revival services have been held in this Church, and God has blessed the people, souls have been won for the i Master, others have been and still are, ! under conviction of sin, and believers [ have been built up. Addresses were | / given during the week as follows: — Monday, Rev. J. A. Nolan; Tuesday, s ?; Messrs. Frank G-arrard, Bruce Small, | and W. J. Saws ; Wednesday, Rev. j John Clifton ; Thursday, Mr. Fred Abbott; Friday, Rev. B. J. Meek; j Saturday, Old Time Methodist Love [ Feast ; Saturday and Monday, Thanks j giving Services. On the 4th July, 1892, ! ? - ' . the work now in progress was com menced, and the young men and women are determined that the day shall be celebrated; it would do some of our previous ministers and workers good to hear some of our young men, who within the past twelve months were earnest workers for Satan, nowvpreach ing Christ. Brethren, continue to pray for us. Narrandera- — The Rev. M. Maddern (says a correspondent), paid us a visit on Monday last and lectured in the evening on 'The Life, Times, and Work of the Rev. J. Wesley.'' The attendance was good. The lecture, which Mr. Maddern illustrated by 60 lantern views, was very instructive and interesting, and much appreciated by those who heard it. Mr. W. Glasgow occupied the chair. Mrs. F. S. Hodge kindly entertained Mr. Maddern while here. On Thursday and Friday even ings w;e were favoured with two lectures by Rev. J. Watson, Foreign Missionary Deputation. Mr. J. C. Lees was chair man on Thursday evening, and Mr. G-. W. Cutts on Friday evening. The lec tures were extremely interesting and were much enjoyed by all. Mr. Watson carries a good lantern with him, by the | aid of which interest is added to what he has to say. On Thursday evening the attendance was fair, and on Fri day evening it was good. Mrs, J. C. Lees kindly entertained the deputation. 