Ill Deatli's Valley. (From tho San Francisco Chronicle.) DBATK.yalloy is known as the region of tho lowest 'depression in the world, besides | olaiming the flattering appellation of being i the hottest placo on earth. It is als » 430ft. below tho level of the sea. Tho valley is 75 miles long and from eight to fifteen miles wide.. On tho east thp valley is bounded by the Funeral Mountains, which attain an elevation of from OOOOffc, to 8000ft., and on the west it is enclosed by tho Panamint Range, which reaches a height of from 8000ft. to 10,000ft. We arrived at the entrance or level*6f Death Valley, and from this point saw .for,-the. first time a sandstorm. When wo 8avv/;it tho northern part of tho valley was obscured in a brownish-colored cloud, which gradually thinned out until it crossed tho entire .valley. Novcr at any moment; did it ontirely obscuro the sun, which1 looked like a mere ghost of itself. The\x=req-\ oloud" moved with great velocity in our direction, and soon advance ruuhers or hot puffs of wind reached us. On arriving at the end'ofr Furnace Creek wash wo saw the sandstorm in the northorn part of the valley. This was shortly after sunrise. The entire horizon and sky were obscured by the sand and gravel, which wore buoyed in an atmosphere* oppressively hot and stiying. Soon we were enveloped in a dense cloud of sand, aud occasionally as a stronger puff of wind came gravel and even small rockB were hurled in our faces. We covored our heads with blankets and the mules instinctively turned:their tales to the wind. With all these precautions we did nob escape, for my guide's face and my own became badly bruised and lacerated. In our exposed position wo experienced all tho fury of this desert simoon and as the winds travelled across the alkali sink they increased in heat to such an extent that breathing bccame a matter 'of difficulty. This storm lasted two days, and in all this time it was impossible to move from our position. We had to camp here for that period being unable to light ' any • fires ,or prepare meals. Most of this time we were covered with blankets and literally starved. I never.want to undergo that ordeal again. This" was in the fall. The puffs of wind were'80 iritenselyhotandsuffocatingthat they can be.likened to blasts from a furnace, and seemed to draw the very breath from our bodies. The storm piled the sand around our waggon and covered everything. Occasionally looking down into the valley we could see a large sand auger or spout waltzing hither and thither over tho country, carrying.the sand and alkali dust high in the air. Though this storm was exceedingly severe to a noyico like, myself, it is incomparable to the ones that sweep over this country in middle summer. In July or August; with -the thermometer registering from 130 to 137 degrees in the shade, it would be impossible for any living creature to exist in if even for an hour. After having passed safely through this sandstorm we continued our journey, and I made a thorough inspection of the valley. There is much of interest to be told, but owing to the abserico'of much'of my data and statistics I .would . nob venture to give you a description1 of our observations, as many of them aro based on scientific examinations and tests>; -r • = • • ■ 