WAS IT A GHOST THE IT S k W Mrs. IT. Jennings lives at No 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot bonds with her. The house is an old one but in good order. One night early in Dec ember (I89L) tha two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas homing in the front parlor. At about half put ele ven they returned and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went in to die parlour the meny humour died'oat of them in a second. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper put of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eye holes in it. His shirt' sleeves were rolled up and in one hand he carried a long, old-fash ioned pietol.1 he women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later, he found no one in the parlor and all the doors and windows secur ely locked. What was it the women aaw? " During a recent period of ill health, writes an American friend, " I had slept bad ly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, ' Iras suddenly aroused from a doze by what eemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother juatas she looked five years bef >re5 as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which Journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I serf anted and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the looal women mid it was m wnnroon* .od I would never get well. Yet I did sad am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak turves, for Lre never Been it since, and it's more than time years ago now.' No doubt it was (he nerves. Why, there* no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March 1890 it was, Mrs Jane Ebster, of Darracot Baad, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:-I mas so dreadftMg uerrotu I could not bear anyone in the room with me. yet I did not wish them far away in case £ should call out for help. This was in June, 1889\. I slept very badly and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skua was dry and yellow, tmd the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could sot retain even that in my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory cempletely failed. Mr head ached so dreadfully Ithought I should lose my senses and my friends agreed that I never would get better. ' I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was her self once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medic ine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room and bv the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food and all my nervousness has left me. The malady Mrs Foster suffered was in digestion and dyepesia and nervous prostra tion. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husdand, by acci dent and the system tallied only when the Fyrup had piven new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that the most uncanny visions and sounds mean noth ing more or less than a set of nerves all up set by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person **«*.. sees them^nd when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 