The Salvation Army. INDIAN MISSION. The Salvation Army in West Maitland have been enjoying the visit of officers of the body from India, who are present in the colonies with the object of raising funds to help on the work of the organisation among the millions of India. Mission meetings were held on Tuesday and yesterday evening. The distinguished visitors arrived in Mait- land about six o'clock on Tuesday. The meeting on that evening was held in the Weileyan Church, which was kindly placed at the disposal of the Army by the minister and the church authorities. The proceedings began with a torchlight procession along Hieh-Btreet, led by the band. The Indian officers in their native dress formed a promi- nent feature in the procession. They marched past the church to the east end of the town, and then back again. In the mean- time the building rapidly filled, and when the processionists returned the church was filled in every part. While waiting the arrival of the Army, the Bav. J. E. Carruthers, the Minister of the church, improved the opportunity by announcing to the congregation the holding of an united camp meeting by the Wesleyan Methodists of the Maitlands, Morpeth, Newcastle, Hamilton, and Waratah, at a central place, on Queen's Birthday, to whisk he invited all denominations. On the procession returning, the rostrum was taken pos- session of by the visitors. The chair was occupied by Major Hunsworth, and he was supported by Major Musa Bhai, in charge of the mission ; Captain Gnnanekera, a Cin- galese from Candy; Lieutenant Seya, who was the larrikin of the group; Captain Sandanan, an Irish Indian; and Captain Muthiah, a Tamil native. These were received with a volley on taking their places, and formed an attractive picture in their red and white Indian costumes and white turbans. The proceedings began with the singing of the hymn " Soldiers of Christ arise," and was followed with prayers interspersed with singing after the usual Army fashion. Major Hunsworth introduced each of the members of the mission, whom he* had met with some months ago in India, giving particulars of each one of them, and the sentiment was responded to by a " volley" from the soldiers. Musa Bhaijrespouded to the welcome, and then gave out a hymn ask- ing the soldiers to join with them in singing. As it was sung in the Indian language it is needless to say very little response was made, and some amusement was made by bis asking them to repeat the words of the chorus after him. One of the visitors accompanied on a violin, and another on the tambourine. Cap- tain Muthiah then spoke in the native tongue, his speech being interpreted by Major Musa Bhai. He said he stood there to declare how that the Lord Jesus Christ had stooped down to him while he waa a blasphemer, and he thanked' God that he had been taught by the spirit of God, and that the religion of Christ had entered into hie heart and induced him to go to those people and expound it to them. He waa a Hindoo, following ont strictly the observances of all bia religious duties. Then he remembered Christians coming and preaching Jesua Christ in the open air, and how he used to hate them.' They used to pro- claim that Jesus Christ waa the only one through whom they could get salvation, and he used to hate thurn thu more and hold con- troversies with them While that was going on day by day the Salvation A.rmy came to the tuwn. Tbey were even more urgent in proclaiming their religion to the people, and he hated them still more than the otber Chfistinns. But they never took any notice whether they were hated or blessed, or whether stones were thrown at them, but marched forward. But some unseen influence at last 'took bold of him, held his heart, and showed him that the words of these Salvation Army people was the truth. It was not so much the words spoken, or the music, or the uniforms that attracted his attention ; but one thing above all otbers he observed that they practiced what they preached. Their lives were changed by the Lord Jesus Christ, and they attracted the poor friendless Hindoo to them as one of themselves. One dty he went to the meeting to get converted, and he was sure the spirit of God enabled him to go to the penitent For n and pledge himself to God. «The burden ot his sins waa removed, and be realised the Lord Jesus Christ in his heart He spoke from his own experience of 3£ years. He knew whut it meant to follow the Lord Jesus : to face infuriated multitudes of heathens, and know that the Lord Jesus sustained him. H« appealed to all present who had not done so to give themselves to God. After another song by the Indians, Lieutenant Seya gave his experiences, which were interpreted by Captain Guna«ekera. The speaker was de- scribed in his unconverted days as a terror to the police, and acknowledged himself as par- taking in fighting, gambling, drinking, and all kinds of wickedness. He went into a minute description of his treatment of his wife and child while under the influence of the devil drink, to show the depth from which he had been rescued, and as a lesson and warning to such as were under the power of a similar devil. Ob, he said, that the Lord Jesus Christ would enable them to see iato their hearts, as He had enabled him to see into his. They may not have been as bad as he bad been, but God would enable them to become better, and he prayed that God would do so. Another song by the visitors, and Major Musa Bbai delivered an address. Some of them might have oome expecting to bear of the work of the Salvation Army in India, but he conld not enter into it that night, but would say one or two things of it. The two converted «peaker« who had addressed them were extreme classes-one who was considered a religions man performing all religious duties, and the other a poor sinner. That showed them that God saved all, not only the cultured but the poor and miserable. He pointed out the want of knowledge, in Euro- pean countries and in the colonies, even among people who took an interest in foreign miisions, of the condition of things in India, and of the great difficulties to be surmounted before the flag of the cross could be planted there. Some Beemed to think that any re- ligion would suit coloured people, and that the language difficulty was the only thing to understand. The religion of India was not a mere worship of idols; but if the religion of centuries was to be swept away it was not by offering them a science or a philosophy, or teaohing them catechism, or exhorting them in the principles of Christian people. If Christianity was to conquer there must be something of the supernatural. It was not so much a change of idols, but a change of heart that must happen. It must be by men and women endowed with the spirit of the first Galilean missionaries. They must send men and women imbued with the Holy Ghost, and not with mere eloquence, or points of contro- versy, or head knowledge. During the 100 years the Protestant religion had been taught, and the cost, there should have been a miracu- lous draught of bouIb as a result. It was not 30 millions, but 300 millions of people there -60 times as many as in the whole of the Australian colonies. He pointed out that out of 200 millions of Hindoos there were 22 millions of priests, living self-sacrificing lives, extending to extreme and sometimes Btupid asceticism, but the people were taught the prac- tice of self-denial, and they wanted something superior to take its place, which they could understand when taught the self-denying life of Christ, and that such should be reproduced in his followers. That was what the Salvation Army was trying to aim at, and they were showing the people that they could come down to them and live with them, and that they were all one in Christ Jesus. When he was there 8 years ago he told them there were 80 officers, now there were 500 missionaries, more natives than Europeans. 8 years »go there were between 500 and 750 soldiers, now there were 8000 soldiers, and every mail brought news of their advance. He drew a pitiable picture of the condition of the people in India, their poverty and being subject to famine and pestilence, and of their spiritual condition in having nowhere to turn for comfort as the C&riBtiana; had, and appealed to the generous assistance of his hearers. They worked there most economically. Instead of the officers' uniforma costing £10 a year for two suits, the native dress-such as they were-cosí 8s each, and they were not provided with expensive bedsteads and bedding as was wanted in European countries In many of the village» the people were very poor, and the officers had to be assisted. They received one shilling a week and two suita a year. That was all the extra assistance eiven them. There waa something like 300 officers io these villages needing assistance, and any- one subscribing one shilling a week would help a missionary there one year. They would re- ceive a copy of the Indian War Ort/ and an occasional letter describing the work being done. A Btrong appeal for help was made for this purpose. Captain Sandanan sang " For India there's a Saviour," and taking that as_ a text spoke of the multitudes of people in the cities there, and of the depres- sion that came over him as to how they were to be saved, and the cheering answer he re- ceived in the remembrance of various texts, and the strength such communion gave to pursue the work. He urged that the reason that they did not get proper men and women for the work in foreign missions was because they did notj get proper teaching here. The proceedings closed with prayer invok- ing God'a blessing upon the meeting, and upon the officers and people of the church in which they were assembled. Trunks are now made of paper pulp that haB been subjected to great pressure, in the same manner as the material used for the manufacture of paper car wheels. Owing to the tenacity of the paper, it is practically im- possible to injure a trunk made of material. J 