Footlight Flashes. ' REVIVAL OF 'MAItlTANA' By the -Montague-Turner Company. CONTINUED SUCCESS OF 'A TILLAGE 1'KIEST.' Last NIglits of ' Jtobliory Under Arms' Ana '3Inu to 2Iau.' IBItEE IlirOItTANT REVIVALS OS SATUItDAT. 'Carmen' nt the Lyceum'— 'A Mid ?uniraer Sight's 1) roil in '., nt Her Majesty's— Ami ' For the Term of II Is Xnlunil Lira' at the llujnl. Ilia Variety Slioivs— Ami tlio Latest Urnmnllc Gossip and Hows. At tho Lyconm Tlioatro, on Saturday last, 'Tho Dolieminn Girl ' wnc roplnouJ by a re vival of '? Miiritaiin ' wliioli, despite tho in disposition of Mr. -21nirlcnTariior, may boBiiiil to havo liooti a fiucci'Rfl. 'i'lio tenor fonnd hu lad almont ooniplotoly lost. Ih'h voiuo durinp tho inorniiit;, mm orory oft'ort was niado to linil «. nubntituto, althonch without avail. Unilor tho oirouniHtancca, jfr. Tnrnor ilooiiled to do tax bane, bnt after stnicRliinr for a timo lie had to finally civa in nml explain matters to Iho aimiuiice. His apology, made in a frm.lt mil manly way, at onon Beamed the sympathy Df tho audicnuo, and although ha had Hi cut out ' Yob, Lot mo liko a Soldier Fall,' and Dthor songs fulling to tho lot of Bon Ctedar, ho iiHimipfid to othonviRu com pletu his sliftro of the eveninp'K work. hliSH Anuis Montaguo, on t!ia contrary, has (oldoin appeared to greater udvanta^e, and .during tho evening wnitf tint inoicdie* fall ing to Jlcritiiun. with all her aceustouio'l power and awontness. She was warmly tip plaudod for 'Tlio Harp in tho Air1' and '' Scenes That Are Brightost,' boiiiR do icrv odlj encored for tho last well-known son?. Mini Montuijuo, in tho duet with Lazarillo, ''ciaintud Mother,' aim ning dcli'n'litfuliy ; Mid hero Jliua Cicely Stauntou joined with the priiua-donntL in the artistic em:cc*a that was icored. Jlias Stanutou's ' imp«rronatinn of Lazanllo deserves especial praiso, and tho contralto well merited the encore received- for ' Alas, Tliwo Chimos !' Jlr. E.lwar-l Fnrley, happily rcoovornd from his recent indispoHi tiou, wuk cordially welcomed as Don Josd. Undoubtedly his liappicnt effort was ' Now Sly Cuurugt!,' uud he aan? this iiinpirttintr nir with oicellont effect. Mr. Sydney J)eano wns well placed us tho Kinp, and his MiKltU of ''Hear Me, Uontlo Maritunu.' Rits warmly applauded. . Mr. (jcorco Leopold r/os amusiuir us the jMnrqui* do Montoiioro. but MUaKtsmaurico Gilua'a Marchioness was lomer/liat upoilt by a bad make up. Tim chorus was excellent, »liowing that Mr. H. T. Karrinou had rohiiiusoil his forces with tho Krcatcit oare, and, in point of fact, tho moat enthusiastic uncorc of Iho ovouing was gained for, tho rendering of tho 'Anirolua.' Uy ?Afnnrlfiv ATr. 'I'llrnpl* lt[Lfl nnMritW rpi.nvnr.iit Ins \oiio, and tlie opera wn« a nomploto nuo ci.yj Al r. Turner siinir ' Tcs, Lot JIo Liko a Boldier Ml ' in his will known, robust style. nnd ho wilh warmly uncored. '* Miirilana tvill In! repeated until Friday, and on Satur day ' CurinC'ti ' will bo revived. * * * "A Village Priest'' completed its first week on Saturday, and its run up to date has been phenomenally successful. It is generally admitted that as the Abbe Dubois Mr. Titheradge has never been seen to greater advantage. Mr. Robert Brough as Jean Torquenie, and Mr. Cecil Ward in the character of Armand D'Arcay, continue the sound work of which we spoke in our last, and as their efforts are well supported by every member of the cast, the fine drama in thus finely interpreted. The orchestra, under the direction of Mr. Diederichsen, is a highly efficient one. "A Village Priest" will run till further notice. * * * Tho great sensational drama of ' Jlan to Jinn' has only throe moro nights to rnn at Fill bo a (frond revival of ' A Midsummer S'iglit'R Droum.' In this Mr. Ki^-nold will rosume his old part oh Nick IJottom. Miss Watts Pliillipn will again bo Oboron (Fairy Kii-l-) and Miss Hilda .Soon;; will ho tho Now Pairy Quoon iTitnnia). ilu- Lilla Wildo (HelcnaJ.Miss Ehoda Hallcott (Kenni.i), Mr. Whyte, Alri- Swoenoy, Mr. Tolano, Mr. Ivomoy, Jtr. Harcourt, Miss Alico Holbroolc, ' nnd Miss Iiona Lovodny nro in tho cust, and .;.;;;, ?-.:; Jl'r. }fi^nold will make ovory effort to mnko .-. ?''.':. 1 ;, the rnvival ft notablo cmo. In tho meanwhile ':.; ' ' ''':.V-l{i»n to Man '? olainiu attontion. ; ' . At tho Uoyal 'Hobbory Under Arms,' \- Trliich has had a highly successful run, will bo ? played for tho last timo to-morrow. On Friday next the Shakespearian nights will bo ftg-aiu taken in hand, a cominoncomont being . lnado with ' Hamlet.'1 Mr. Alfred Bumpier will, of couroo, appour as tho 1'rinco of Bon mark, Mr. J. P. West as tho King, and Miss Julia Morton as Qnocn Gertrude, whilo Alder man Itniuford will bo tho Ghost. A new Ouholi'i willbo soon in tho norson of Miss ' Ko«e Bampior. On tho following ovening ' For Iho Term of His Natural Lifo' will bo played. In tho meanwhile ' Kobbory Under Anna' commands attention. Mr. Bamplor is working hard, and his ollorts dosorvo to bo accorded hearty support. ? ; ' . ? . .,.»... * At tho Opora Houso on Monday Mr. Harry Burlington changed tho programme Tho mombers of tho Imperial ilinstrol and Specialty Company wore In good form, uud tho applause throughout tho even ing was very froqnont and boarly. After a capital first part, In which Mr. V/allaeo King's solo, ' Somobody's Coming,' was perhaps tho most onjoyuhle I turn, a first-class olio was present-id. During tho evening the following took as well as any s llr. James Harvuy gave sonio clover iniita ' tions of actors, notably ofiloyco and Dampinr, and of I^oiiiicii as tho maahor in ' I'nunt Up toDatoj'Mr. lloraco Uent made his first nppoaruuco with tlio company in ' I Didn't, I Couldn't, and I Wouldn't.' Tho ooniodiau'a locturo, however, wits a littlo too long. Mr. Oscar Smith's ventriloquial ontortninment was agoodfoaturointhooutortainniont. Tho' lady liigh-kickcrs' wern cneorod for ' Madamo Buvan,' and Mr. Hurry Hastings and other p.rtistsi contributed to a lively ovoniug's amusement. Tho bill will bo repeated all tho wook. ? ? ? Tbo Tivoli Theatre was caokod to tho doori last Saturday night, when Mr. Iiickards submitted his usual obange of bill. Tho prlneipal attraction on this occasion, outside of tho inimitable Harry himsolf, was tho nti pourauou with the company of Mr. Goo. II. Wood, who was horo soino timo back as part proprietor of tbo Kmorson-Wood Alhnmbra Minstrols. Mr. Wood is a versatllo uud clover comedian, and bo rocolvcd a won derfully oordlal wolcomo. Tho llrst pnrt of tho ontortainmont wns right up to the mark, tho contribution bv Mr. Woods perhaps taking best. In Tarl II. tho ' liowdy-Bowdy Crow V ngnin scorod u hit, as dill Johnny Gil moro in his 'Odds and Kudn.' Harry Kinkards gnvo his ftxmons dramatio feena, ' The bridge,' also ' ANico Littlo Innocent Thinir,' and several other osoollont itoms in his happiest itylo.and ho was ehoored to tho echo. Goo. II. Wood appeared ciuuin in bis spooialty busiiicss, and was reooivud with great on thusiasm. Thn Sisters Anderson gavo a capital song nnd dance, and perhaps of thu' re- maining itoms 'Tho Pus do .Quiitro,' by tho Minsos Syunott, St. Clair, Stullu Tudor nnd Ellen Wilson wont as woll as anything. From first to last a big and prononuced huu eoss was scored. This splaudid bill will bo repeated ull tho wook, with tho usual uliaug on Saturday. ? ? ? ? ' ?.?. ' Fillis' Cirons on route to Now Zoaland. » ' ? ? Sunday evening concerts at Iho variety hulls aro an iuimuiuo boom in Sydney. Harry ISiekards on Saturday scorod heavily iu ' A Nieu Little Innocent Thing.' « » ? In 'Tho Mountobanlcs ' tho lion's shoro of tho fun falls to the lot of Mr. Liuri and Miss Flora Graupnor. ? ? ? Laivronco Irving, son of Henry Irving, has abandoned his stago caroer and decided to go in for the Bar. , ? ' ? ? a Puttie Browne's first uppearanco in London was made in Piuoro's latest,,' Tho Amazons.' Sho scored a success, as autioipatod horo. Mr. Burandoau is dead. IIo composed ' Novor Introduco Your Donah to a Pal ' and ' If You Want to Know tho Timo Ask a Pleooeumn.' ? ?- ? At tho .motion Falo of tiokotn for tho first night of tho Gaiety Company in Auokland, two hundred tiokcts wore Bold ut prices ranging from five to oleveu shillings. ? ? ? . ? ? Mr. Allan Hamilton, in udvnnco ot Fillis' Circus and Moua|;orio, arrived at tho Uluft from Melbourne on Tuesday weok. Tlio combination will show in Cbristchuroh about tho lirst weok in May. ? ? ? Slado Mnrray is billed at tho Gaiety as ' tho greatest charaoter aotor and comio singer the world over saw.' Manager Hallo wood is modest in annonuoing his stars. V ? ? Tho Stcous aro now at tho St. Goorgo's Hall, Melbourne. Tho Melbourne AoB Kays tlio eutertuiumeut is inHtructivo as woll as amusing. Some of their feats aro undoubtedly remarkablo.' ? ? ? Alf. M. Hazlowood is a smart manager. Ho gonorally raunagos to got good artists for tho Gaiety T!'oatro. Tho latest ho has netted aro Amy Johns, James AVilkicEon, Lucy Fraser, and Slu.de Murray. » ? ? Adolaide Quiz says :— ' MiRR Hay Hahgood will accompany Madame Sterling on her con cert tour as pianist, and Mr. Hudson will go as genoral manager. Miss Isabel Webster has been ongnged.' ? . ? * Tommy Hudson's Surpriso Party will opon nt Urokeu Hill on April 29, and on that oven ing Guurlay and Walton's company will oc cupy Hudson's Bijou, Adelaide, with 'Skipped by iho Light of tho Moon.' * ? * Thorowas a largo andionoo at' the Alhambra on Monday, when Mosars. Delohory, Craydou and Holland changed their bill. Hilly Emer son appeared, and was twiio oucurod for ' Could I Only Baok the Winner.' \- ? ? ? Tho 'gods ' expect too much from tho inimitable Harry Kickards. They appear to uuciue uis programme oi songs rouuu u& tuo Tivoli nightly, uud never lot him off with less than half a .doztiu. Harry should gently but firmly doalino, as did Lonueu aud Courtneidge. Friend Taylor, of tho Taylor-Carringtou Dramatic Company, writos us that business at Geeloug and Wammmbool was excellent. They were to journey from thcueo to Hamil ton nnd Stuwell. Ho tells us that Wood field's Opera Company is in tho district, and that Fillis's circus was billed lor Goolong before going to New Zealand. .Mr. Charliu Taylor ia a correspondent wo aro also pleased to hear from. » ? * L. J. Lohr writos to say that Waltor Bentloy was a groat fctleeess at Broken Hill. 'Hamlet' was played for tho first timo at tho Hill to .£117 (tho full capacity of' the house), and ''Garrick,' ' Bicholieu,' aud 'The Bells' paokod tho theatre. Last Thursday night Bontlcy openod at Port Pirio, and on Friday he also played at that port, whilo on Saturday ovoning ho was at Port Augusta. » ? ? Gilbert nnd Cellior'n opora, 'Tho Mounto banks,' was ropcatod at tho Melbourne Princess' Tlioatro on Saturday night in tho presence of a brilliant audience, including the Karl of Kintoro nnd a largo theatra party. Tho opora was attended with all the en thusiasm of a first night, and all the princi pals wero honored with recalls. Tho Anana nays that it is evident that Iho season is likely to extoud to altogether unusual longth. ? a ? Tho emotional drama, ' Tho Advonluroas,' is experiencing n sucoORsful run nt tho Mol bonmo Bijou Theatre (says tho Aoe) and tho performers aro nightly called boforo tho curtain to acknowledge tho appreciation of tho audience. His Excolloncy the Administra tor of tho Government nnd Mrs. Madden uttendod the theatre on Monday, when ' Tho Adventuress' entered upon tlio socond week of its career. A comedy-drama outitlud 'Tho Quicksands,' : tho work of tho lato Gilbert a' Beckett, is under rehearsal, and its first production in Australia will shortly tako place at this tlioatro. ? ? ,'? ? ' ' Tho Age says : — Tbo ' Doublo Evont ; a Talo of tho Melbourne Cup ' (by Nat Gould. ' Verax ') and a drama roploto with local incidents, has been drawing good housos at tho Thentrn Royal. Tho porformauco was on Friday nisht patroniaod by members of Iho V.lt.O. and X.A.T.C. and other sportsman, for whom tho play ponsoxsos foaturcs of special interest. On Woduosday (to-night) tho Acting Governor, Dr. Madden, and Mrs. Maddon will visit tho theatro, and a number of otbor protniiiont citizens havo ulso signified their intontion to attend. ? ? ? Mr. David James's indisposition lias brought tbo run of ' Our Boys,' nt tho Vaudevillo Thoat.ro, London, to a soinowhat abrupt close. Tho popular aotor wns com palled to give in and tako to his hod. Mr. Churlos Ashford did duty as Porkyn Middle wick; but tho famous comedy without Mr. James proved vorr liko '?Hnrolot' with tho part of tho Prince of Bonmurk omitted, and tlio JJrotijors uatti consequently ueoiuou 10 withdraw it. Byron's dimppoaranco, how over, brings with it Ibson'a opportunity, for Mr. Herbert Waring and Miss Elizabeth ltoblna, onconraged by tbo success of thoir ' Mastor Buildor ' mutinees, luivo arranged to proisoto tho Scandinavian pluy there. ? ? ? r It is a gratifying proof of tho Qucon'a in terost in tho contomporary ilrnnm that sho has commanded a production of Lord Tonny non's ' Docket' at WiimW.C'nsltn. Accor ding to her Majesty's desire, Mr. Honry Irving's company was to appoar before hor and the Court on Friday ovonlug, March 17, when tho Lyceum would bo closed. Tho por formanco was to tako placo in tho Waterloo Clinmbor, tho stafro of which was to bo fur niched with Bconorv specially painted for tho occasion on a sca'lo Homowliat mnallor than that nt present in uho at the Lycouin. Mr. Irving was rccontly honored by a command to appour at Saudriugham, when ' Thn Dolls' nnd selections from the ' Morchant of Venice' wou tho favor of Uw Bora', audiouce. The Baleman.O'Grady Bramatlo Company was at tho St. Giiorgo's Hall, Perth, W.A., whou tho mail loft. ' Unole Tom's Cabin ' aud ' First Class ' woro tbo pieces producod. ? ? ? Madame Fanny Moody nnd her husband, Mr. Chnrlos Manners, have appeared with great sucooss ut somo conoorts in Canada jointly with M. M. Jubamioa Wolff and Hoi man. o ? o .'Tlio Ancklnnd 'Weekly Press, of tho 15th lust, which, by tbo way, was dolivorod horo on Monday, tho 17th, says the London Gaiety Company opened at the Opora Honso with 'Miss Enmeralda' on Thuraday last. Tlio same paper says tho Hide of seats for the open ing night was a novolty which provod iu ovory why satisfactory, Notos from Transntlantlo. ?\Vandorors.— Mr. Willard is to tormiuato his present American tour at Boston on Juno 3 ; a few days Inter ho will eoinnienco u nino woeks' ongagonient at Chicago, roturnlng to Eiisland sontewhero ubout noxt Dooembor, Mean while, in tho Prairio City Mr. Wilson Barrett has achiovod a groat success with tho four-net play, entitled ' Our Pleasant Sins.'- In Now York Mr. Daly has rovivod ' Tho School for Soiuidal,' with Mr. Arthur Bourobior as Charles Surface, a part in which ho seems to havo pleased both critics uud public. . ? ? » At the last meeting of the shareholders of tho Empiro Theatro (Loudnn), a dividend of 70 per font, was declared, and a holms of X100 voted for each of tho directors. Tho wonderful success of tho company is said to bo duo in a groat measuro to Mr. George Edwards, who was ro-eleotcd. As this gentle man is the managing director of tho Gaioty Theatro, a London scribo has it that tho shareholders of that company aro looking for r.'urd to a big dividend, uerhaps not without good groumlx, for the ' houso full ' bourn's huvo been out many a night sinco tho trans forouco of ' In Town' to their houso. o ? ? A Batbnrst writor says i — Tho opportunity is now oITored tho pcoplo of Bathurst and Orange to xocure tho : xorvinos of Miiis Jose phine Dcnkin as a teacher of singing and voieo production. Tim lndy announoos that aho will ooinmeneo tuition us booh as a Kullieientnnmbor of pupils uro forthcoming. Thatxho is a favorite in Bathurst is indicated by tho number uf limes Miss Boaltiu has nppeamd hero in opora, and it now remains with tho patrons of high-olusB music in this district to say whothor ahe is to Bovcr hor inotropolitau conneotion. ? ? » ' Do you know what tho avcrngo woighl of a ptemiin tlanecus«'s wardrobo i«P' asked Siguor Mnrobotti, tho famous ballot- master. 'This is it: Ono pair of silk tights, weighing four ounces ; five ballot-skirts, including tucks, ninoounccB; ono pair of slippers, four ounces ; one bndico, oight ounces; tho outiro outfit weighing twonty-fivo ounces. That is not much of a wardrobo as far as weight is eon corncd, but it can cost a groat deal more than some that tako up every bit of spaco in a Saratoga.' ? * ? From a Detroit paper to hand wo loarn of tlio great sneoess that- has atteudod Mr. Wilson Bnrrett in ' Pharaoh,' ' Thn Lady of Lyons,' and ' Clandian.' When Mr. Barrott returns to England in May ho will mako arrangements for tho production, in tho Antiimn. of ' I'haraoh ' in London. Tho PrincoBB' ib Bpokea ot as tho probable theatro ho has in his cyo. ? ? ? It is said (says Adohiido Quiz) that tho law of compensation is inevitable— sooner or lator. Probably Messrs. Sass and Emory would prefer it sooner, for, cerles. they deservo it. Of course, the compensation may be pleasant or unpleasant, but. in their case, us it ehould be the reward for excellence, it would be uf the agreeable kind. Quiz is compollod to talk in the future tonso, because theso gentlemen, who aro nightly produoing really Sub pieces with a capablo aud clover all-round company, aro being made to wait for thoir rewards. Tho South Australian thcutro-gniug public uro dead— or dead broke, wliioh is just tlio samo — but if thoy would only appoar in their imma terial stato and help to mako the 'ghost' walk thoy might bo forgiven. * ? 4 Mr. Arthur A. Pinnro's now oomedy, whiob ho describes iui uu ' original farcical romance iu tbroo nets,' was recently producod at tho Court Thsatro, London. Tlio titlo is ' Tho Amazons,' and tho following is tho full oast : Gulfrod, Earl of Tween vmyeK ? llr. Wocdon Groasmitn Barrlngton, Viscouut Lit. toily ? srr.F. Korr Audr^, ConntdoOrlval... Kr. Klllot Her. lto»er Micchlli ... Mr. J. Uenucuunn Pitton (ii Gamclooper) ... llr. Qiiintou Vouatt (a Wervnnt) ... Itr. Couipton Ooutts Orts (a Poucbor) ? llr. K. Naluby llirinm, UnrchioueiB of ' Ciidtlojordau ? Hiss Boso Leelora La-ly Noellue Bel--) f turbet ? „ Miss Lily Hanbury Lndy WHbelmina ', ,,i °r,, I Bolturlmt ... rtjf'! JIUs Ellallano Torrijs Lndy Tbomasiu tcr8,a llelturbut ...J IJtlns Fattlo Browne ?? Serfoant' Sliutor ... HisaMnrlanuoCaldwell The scono is laid first in ' Tho Tangle,' an ovorerown corner of Ovorooto Park, and after wards at Ovorcoto Hall. Great Ovorcnto, as ovoryono knows, is a two hours' railway journoy from London. Tho events of the play occur during a singla day iu a lino Septombor. A succosb was scorod. ? ? ? Said an omlnont danteuse tho othor day, in a ohat with an ' ink-stained wretch.' as it onoo pleased Oscar Wildo to describe jour nalists of all conditions: — 'We bavo out grown that poriod iu which the ballet usod to ongross tho wholo attention of Iho playgoiug public. I have had a thorough traiulug as a balloriiie, ao Unit I can speak with somo authority. Nowadays, if I gaugo Iho tasto of tho patrons of tlio play oorreotly, a danco iu which thero is no vulgar display of tho femi nine figuro is preferred to that which leaves nothing to the imagination. Grace— modest gruco, I mean— is now in favor, rathor than abort skirts and tinsel. Tho success of tho fikirt dance is largely duo to tho sinuous, in toiicuting, and rythmical movement em ployed, bnt it is also necessary that tho dancer should bo in perfoot aympatliy with hor art. To attain success in tho skirt dancing, tho dancor must not havo tho sliglitoat Buspioion of embonpoint. Sho must, above nil things, possess not only tho quality of being ablo to kiok artistically, but must also uso a sinilo and bit of gesticulation.' ? ?'? ; ????.?:.?'? ? ? The latent tboatriual fad in tlio United States is Eleanora Duuo. Sho is a fellow conntrywouiun of Salvini, llossi, nnd Kistorl, nnd comes of a thoatrioal family, hor father and grandfnthor having preceded her on tbo stage. Her first appoarnuoo was mado whou sho was only twolvo, and sho played iu various travolling oompauios for several years, finally becoming loading ladv of tho Florentine Theatro in Naples. She is now thirty-two yoars of age, but, though sho has boon famous in Italy for several yours, her European roputation dates baok only a twolvo month or so. In tho past yoar sho has made tbo (ournce of tbo European oiipitalu, and bus ironorally bcou bailed withpraiso. Aloxandra Dnmas is said to havo declared ' it ia to bo regretted for French urt that sho is not a Frenchwoman.' A loading critic in Borlin was so impressod that lie doomed it uocossary, in criticising bor performance, to commonco with n history of tho drama, and had filled his allotted two columns before bo reached modern Italian art, to Bay nothing of tbo Duso ; report docs not say whether ho crar attempted to finish his critiolsm. Sho appeared in Now Vork recently In ' Cainllle,' aud KGomB to have captured both Press and public, though nobody says sho is oomparablo to Berubardt. Ono rapturous Yankee gontlo man has boon moved to write in characteristic fashion : — Tho Rlrl who goos to s«o Elennor Duso dlo In a will Ikj dlruppolnlod. fAo do-sr't ut«:ii Kcur n rlnit on lir-r til limb, alt I, ouch such n fo.it him be.'Ti kliowu U. brliiit nn-lyiii|t funio to certain opurntlc »tnr»i Lilt U)K-n tho little llngor o/ her loft hali'1 aho wtnra nu o'ld rinj coiiHlKtliiK o!u rulir, n sapiiliira, aud uu umurald not xiilu by iililo in a liitu'l n[ Tn.cn KoM. Tliia in tlio only nnmrkul.lo Jowcl »hn afTvots, nnd it In the liwront n]ipronch to u ' fritol ' that enn to ol.a-rvul nl.ont her. Mini la lutonao, bljth-i-r(!««iirc-I uud nu-iTf. Ono cannot Lnmitlno Duns trjlnn on a new bnt, or hnrltiK n tooth filled, or owulnx a iHnvder [Hit!. A. 'chnimlo' wnltlnii nt tlio btiuro door, cr ttihnlu nml a bird anit scold bottlo mo tliiuBR not dreamt of In hor tiliilocciptir. Hlio ivould V.tber a '' cli»])i-lo' with aloolt, «n-l n dunn noulll sbrlrol up llVo « spi.lor on a ro-l-hot .hotel U 1U0 shook hvr gury locks at him just ouce, 