RICHARD III. WENT to see Richard ///, recently. I i J was very much interested in the play, I and when I went home I got out my English History and extracted a few facts aboub him. , | He was a gentleman who held tho rather ' dangerous position of King of England a . fftpm nr mo dnrinc* tho fifteenth centurv. who seemed to have an ever-present, irresistible desire to commit homicide on his entire corps of relatives. I don't know of a more risky position than that of a relative of hi« ; ib I was a very unhealthy bhing ; none of his relatives lived long, and the life insurance 'companies always charged them twice as much as they did any one else. Occasionally he would run out of relatives, and then the good people of 'Merrio Eng land' who were wealthy, or who had done anything that might possibly have offended him, would get out in tho country for a few weeks or over to France for their health; it was about the healthiest thing they could do. I am very glad I did nob live in tho fifteenth century. There was no telling when somebody would drop around with a guard of soldiers and invite you oub to get a divorce from your head. There was a great deal of variety about these murders. Sometimes they would get up a nice display of firewo.'ks with the victim, a nice bonfire forming tho centre piece of the programme ; occasionally they would turn him upside down in a cask of wine, or pitch him over the castle walls into the moat. They were the most ingenious people in the world for devising new ways of shuffling off the mortal coil— for other people. They always wanted some one else to do the shuffling. Richard would lie awake all night some times, and rig up some kind of a rice autumn-sbyle homicide, and then ho would pick out a wealthy gentleman whose estates would reverb back to the Crown, and try it on him. It mado no difterencs? whether the man had done anything or not — if thero was no charge against him he would hunb up one. I rather liked the play, though. It was written by a person named Shakespeare, so the programme said. Richard did very little during the play except give orders to the half-starved minions in tin chesb pro tectors and sheet-iron pants, to go oub and get up a funeral, aud make disconnected remarks in sixteenth-century English. There is very little detail in the first two or three acts. In Acb I., Richard nominates himself for King, and then having nothing particular to do, he goes around to tho Tower and personally attends to a murder. In Act II. he makes arrangements to marry a widow whose husband he had removed a few days previously. In Act III the Lord Mayor, accompanied by the County Commissioners and the chief of police, and a miscellaneous assortment of X nnmn „n,I fhr. r,f Buckingham tells him ho has gob to be King, whether he wants to be or not, and he accepts the position, and says he will try to rule England well— I suppose he did the best he could. He held the position of King for a couple of years without any trouble, and then a gentleman named Richmond, who at that time was in France for his health, took a notion that he would like be King himself ; so he challenged Richard for the championship of the world, and the winner to tako the gate money. This made Richard mad, and he killed a few people who happened to be convenient —not because they had done anything, but because he was mad and had to kill some body—and then he went oub and organised a little private delegation of English warriors, and started oub to settle with Richmond. The curtain rises on Act VI. ab this stage of the game, and discovers Richard making a few blank-verse remarks to his army And leb me say right hero that thab army was the most impartial army I ever saw. They would serve Richard for an acb or so ana then they would desert to the enemy for awhile and after they had gob done serving on thab side bhey would como back to him again. Sometimes they would be English lords and sometimes they would be Norman nobles. When they were lords they wore their hats the other way and pulled their tights — that was all the change of cos tume that they indulged in. As the army they were armed with double barrelled battle-axes and Winchester repeat halberds. There were two of them. Richmond was dressed much better than the army. He wore a spring style cut-away shirt of mail with silver-plated pants ; over the whole outfit ho wore a white overcoat with a buttonhole bouquet of one ipse embroidered on ib. I Ho made a few remarks on general sub jects, called Richard a number of hard j names and then he took his army and went away. Presently Richard came in with his army (which was the army previously mentioned), and he pow-powed around awhile, and then ho made bis soldiers an oration. He told them what a pood King he had been, and how well he had always ruled England, and how he would hate to see any one eUe tttp in and spoil all the good work ne had done, and be harsh and cruel to them and their children, and he told them how much he loved them, and how necessary it was for them to have some one to rule over them that understood them and loved them as well as he did. - 'My noble followers,' eaid he, 'shall wc let this starveling foe, with no ancestors aud ready-made armour, come over here and claim mi/ throne?- Nob much. Use the great and glorious privilege Heaven has granted you, and wauc iu and defend your country and your King, and when you have wiped the floor with these frog-eaters I'll raise the tariff and pay you your ealary— if you aro still alive.' This satisfied the army, and they went away, and Richard tried to go to sleep ; but he was troubled with indigestion and bad dreams, and saw a whole lob of ghosts and things so he couldn't sleep to do any good, but lay awake fixing upanswway to kil Richmond the next day afte? the battle. # By and bye they had a buttle, and they divided up the army and had a real nice scrap among themselves till the stage manager chased them off the stage with an axe so that Richard uud Richmond could li^ht, aud then they had to fighb boo, and Richmond pulveriso'j Richard, and bhearmy all shook hands, and the curtain went dowu. CATTING HIS STORY.' AN-Auiericon zed a German were speaking of thfc ingenuity of their respective country TCiti. Hans Deutscher said ; ! 'Only the other day a former school ! companion .of mine invented a machine whiqh saves u great deal of trouble in the making of sausages. We only require to pub the pig in at one end, sob tho thing in motion, und in a short time the sausages come out ready, smoked and all, at the other side.' ' That is certainly very good,' the Yankee allowed; 'bub a countryman of mine has lately patented a machine on the top of which the sausages are deposited, and in less time than it takes to relate, the little pigs run oub from underneath and scamper off to the nearest clover*bed.' impecunious Lover : ' Bo mino Amanda, and. you. will bo treated like ah angel.' ! Maiden: ' Yes, Isnpuoneso. Nothing to eal.and less to wear. . No, I thank von ' Happiness grout at our own firesides and ?not to be picked in' strangers' gardens; 