k foiBAN BOWL OUT. Such seriouB allegations, so precisely formu lated and emphatically reiterated, could not be allowed to pass unchallenged. If they were true, society was in peril 5 if false, the man making them wan infainou3. Parliament waa bound to investigate the matter, and accordingly, on December 15, 1868, Siv William Macleay moved for and obtained a Select Committee, The repoi-t of the Committee presented to the House showed that when called on to give evidence S3 is: Henry F-u'kes could not support one o£ hie public state ments. Parkee, under examination, adduced no evi dence or documents tending to show that either he or any other member of the Government to which he belonged had any suspicion of or infor mation concerning the existence of a Fenian con spiracy, or any foreknowledge of a plot fco assassi nate fche Duke of Edinburgh although Parkeahad had the whole police and detective force, as well as private agents, at work for months under the incentive oil high rewards, endeavouring to ferret out evidence of a Fenian plot, of the holding of Fenian meetings, and of the existence of 0'ITar rell's alleged co-oonfpirators. Concerning the affidavits which Parkes boasted at Kiama and Jamberoo that ho could produce at any itiGiitent to prove that the Dufce's murder wl\s the outcome of a plot, and that one of ^jhose concerned in the plot, whose fidelity had been suspected, had been murdered, he did not and could not produce them because he never had them. All the papers ho produced at the inquiry were silly, irrelevant concoctions, trumped up after the event. The 500 sworn specials about which P«rke3 spoke so gran diloquently were m gjcect a rn^th, m monstrouoa fabricaii n as anything c.onoeived iaa mendacious mind could pofl-iViy be, x,.-w '''GDO20 ok fcho Select Committee literally tie&lM; \Vilh. damning refutation against Parkes. It was adopted by Parliament, and the motion adopting it acted upon by the Governor of the day (Lord Belmore) £01 warding a copy of it to the Secretary of State for the Colonies in London. Tet in spite of this terrible exposures which still stands recorded against him, not withstanding that he managed by a enafceh party vote to have the record ezpungefd, Parkes, after a quarter of a century, has tho consummate aud callous audacity to resuscitate these exploded charges, and to attempt to resurrect the ' Kiama Ghost' by declaiing his belief that they are true. o'farrell's madness. The question of O'Farrell's madnes3 can be dipposeci of in a few brief words. In the first place, the conception of his crime, and the sensa Bionai mannev in waicn ne autempcea co carry ie out, in the midat of thousands of onlookers, pre supposes madness or weakness of intellect border ing on lunacy. This idea develops almost into a certainty when it is borne in mind that O'Farreli was a confirmed drunkard, drinking to sSch excess and with such persistency as to be practi cally «, dipsomaniac. Then again his absurd diary, with its childish and sensational entries, together with the ready way in which he fell into Parkes's snare for revealing a Fenian conspiracy and denouncing1 conspirators who neves.' existed, constitute 2m'ma/acie evidence of insanity. But the question of O'Earroll's state of mind is placed beyond all cavil and shadow of doubt by the evidence adduced at his ttial, notably by his sisters from Melbourne, who, while testifying to her wretched brother's long-continued habits of intemperance, admitted that he was always con sidered half mad, and that there was an here ditary taint o£ insanity in the 'family. The pro bability is that O'Farreli was an hereditary lunatic, because fully twenty years after his execution — not more than sis years ago — one o£ his brothers twice attempted to assassinate Dr. Goold, the late Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne, was found to be insane, and as stieh has been con fined to a lunafcie asylum ever since. Yet in the face of this accumulated testimony as to his in sanity, Parkes has the cold-blooded effrontery to declure that the unhappy wretch was sane. In this way doeB Ptirkes ' make Australian his tory.' This week the awards in connection with the Diocese of Melbourne primary schools were pub lished. The scholarships and exhibitions offered for competition have been founded partly by tbo Archbishop of Melbourne and partly by various religious and benevolent institutions. The total value of the prizes is estimated .it c-S700. Nearly 300 candidates presented themeelv-js for exarnina t;on. The examiners were Xtev. William Ganly, inspector of Catholic Schools, and My. F. H. Eiokarby, M.A., LL.B., Melbourne University. The Sisters of Charity (lately of Sydney) carried off three of the principal prizes for girls. 