Fanny's Stratagemn. CO. TI NU.It V. I did not think she was bad,-poor Fanny !-I only thn, glit she loved her husband, as womncu will, whether they are had or good.-d-, they not swear to do so in the sight. of heaven when they take their marriage row ? --and I was sorry for her from my heart, and thiought about her a great deal but ino word 'came of her, or any tidings of where her husband had gone to; he had not left the country ; a watch had been set at every port and pretty' nearly every railway station in Eugland, for John Bell was a man of mark in his nefarious profession, and his safe custody meanit the suppression of the cntire gang. 'And' alt" the while with tho police searching for him everewhere, and a reward, enough to make the officers' mouths water, offered for his capture, he was quietly living not a great way from WYestholme in a clever disguise that com pletely bafled the district police, who had not the slightest suspicion that the big bearded man who had taken a lodging in the village not three miles from us, and Iho had something to do with the' railway, and was a great naturalist, was the clean shaven delicate looking man they were seeking for. lie was said to be German, and was certainly foreign, and had a' sister who visited him sometimes, and who was not at all like my old. servant Fanny... I don't know how the 'truth-loaked,?out but it did. and we were startled one fine morning by hearing that the police had discovered John Bell once more only to lose him again directly. "They can't lose hint for l?ug ndow," my husband said. "lie is somewhere in C'ldehurst Wood; they will soon run him to earth there." ' I don't know," I replied, half hoping th y wouldn't; there' seemed so much pluck in the man after all. " Colchurst Wood is full of all sorts of queer places where a man might hiJe for a long time." " But not where lie could get food. They can starve him out, and they will. A very few days will shoi what is to be the end of it. The police have formed a completeo ring round the wood, and he can't get out without being caught." Theendof the story was cu riotus enodighi and is disbelieved by many, I fancy, to this day. I had it from the aggrieved policeman, who considered himself most aggrieved by what happened in the search for James Franklin, to call him by the name that is most familiar. Colelhurst WooJ is full of queer places, as I have said. There are more hollow trees there, with all sorts of traditions attached to them, and moret strange cavities in the ground, than I ever knew in so smisall a space, for it is barely a mile round, though to strangers walking through it and losing their way, as they often do, it seems of vast extent and impenetrable thickness. It is a charming place on a summer's day, when all nature is bright, and one can forget one or two miserable tragedies that have taken place there. Within my remembrance of it a terrible murder was committed in the thickest part of it, and not discovered for days, it being wet weather; ad at another time a party of people intending to vic.nic under the largest of the fine old trees. that had stood there since the days of Robin Hood and his merry men were horrified at find. ing a man who had been missing from the village for some days, hanging front one of the branches. So in some sort the wood had an evil reputation, and ignorant folks did not like wandering there after dark, and it wias as likely a place for anyone to hide in as could be found. TIhere was not much chance of any fssd there the night after the discovery had been made, and I don't quite know how it came about that .lames Franklin was w ithout doubt somtewhere amnontgst the trees and bracken of the darkwood. tii, , if the piolicemen employed, a yotusg handl, as it came out faterwards, declatedl he had sen a ghost. Qsuestioned by hiis to,-re acute comrades and his superior ltileer, it came to he understood that what he had taken for a ghost must have been a suwomen. At first he declared that a tall iisur,, all black. had glided by him in s:l-'er.natulral fashion, and haid vanised elwfre his very eyes. at a place whlmers no entrasnce to the wood coud lst be ouit aiil iby reason of a vwall l;bt analysed, his experiences Ihad resolved thetielvres inito the fact that he had Seen a tigure at a corner of the same wall, ansd that to the best of his belief it had gone i:to the wio ,l. l(c was qjiite certaint it Iihad st come out, and. iudced, fc?,tiarks :at that par ticular splt shoved that soeonst'e ha-l been there. A search of the woo I was orhlered, and tle palice liroce'eded t ,sx'plorv it thlrough out, but without jilccesr s though so strong was the COlivitsti-ll, that lthe plat tlhey wanted was there-, in spite of tlheir searc-I,, that they did ntit girve up the watchl, but rnemained thlire, knowing that it was onily a matter of patience. It kept us qu ite in a state of excite. menit in '\estholhne, thle knowledge thlat thlere was such a vnwatchl and expectation goiing on so near us. ants rclays of oyvs brought bulletins to thle villaSge about the police--how thley wer relieved at intervals, anl hows their food was taken to some of tlhem: thle otlIesr it chlarge of thle party retainigl ot dutly most of tile day and ighlt. Tlheir pllrofessional credit was conocrned it the calptutre of this tmatn. whtlo ,a slever!y cliled thet; (up till I tmade q'uiet it uitiries about ltanlty, I was sorry for Iher i, spite of all. Sie loved htier icanqp 4of it itsbsld 'ithl all her lihartlti,ih tls. vt.,y eviden't, anid I trelmbledl to tlhink lwhat twoulst blcomle of her if shIe really Iad gone to sim in the wood, ad sts liosltl ie cauigIlt thIere, as sectned probatble. .ly Ilhusbattil poo1,Os pIoolhedl thie fool r.gloul sitogc'tler'. lIle seclt:ited tilhe minalv tsst hIave hcoln oaughlt before Iow if lie sirs tlIe-re, andl vowed thle autlhorities were only making a laughing- stock of themiselves by collts tenancing such jsroeeedingls. " It's a mudtldle altogetlier," hlie said "The man is off to America by this time, no doubt, and the wnoan willt him. You have never heard antsy more of her, have you? " I could say no withl a clear conscilence, for all my istsurices respectit\g Eriy buhil resulted is, ntllsing tio onu know atny thiig aljoitt her. She must have clhangedl her naie, aind I could not blaome hier for doing so. I was sorry to lose sight of hier altogethler; but I heardt of her againi wlhtn all thle tnewstalers were ritnging with hier nIame, aid portraits'of iher woree in all the sentsationatl Pri?tts o¶ ile ua"." It tsa it ths o ii!dl( of thL i tI thIat pol? lceqzi .t4 gIost, as hi atteled, tt all the tIext daY the wood was watch od more ctosely that ever; but it might Ihare been a remetery for all signs of aIty lhumanity that were to be fould thert-i. It ti-as gettjitg stark asl tabluing a IIlth, ott the next oevenig, anti ecverything was somtewhat indistincet in the haze, whenl a polilemana at lii post on thie other silde of the wo.is hlsrd a footstep; sUSlicious alwanys. hlie wi-s ont the alert dlirectlly, ut it was s,,ly ansther ostier coirlini optill thseomslskiettn, lt*ey \~, , "its"1f ieh dis t.Xr ,,,;;?,; t:ll,, .. IL H....... lie did not know Ilie new corner, and started at hiin, wondering wher le e came from and for iwhat. "I don't think I have come to the right place,"hesaid. " liere is il:l3 ? " At tlhe milestone on the Londrlo road," was the ready answer. " Yor'll get at him best roudi this corner. What's up ? " " I've been sent to relieve hin," tlle stranger sard i " his wife's very ill. They sent to the ollice in a decire of a way. and the word was passed to ime to conm here at once. I can't lind tie inspector either, or the sergeant. I mustit have taken the wrong sideof the plnee I suspect." " You'll find thel both close to 1B :1; that's hend lquanrlrs down there. I wish soneonie would relieve me." lie felt almost jealous of tihe Iunlucky tlhirty-three who was to be relieved at suchi a cost; thelre did not seem to be any glory to be got out of this expedition. and the night wore wearily through, and in the morning, beholl there was 13::3 at his post, knowing nothling of any relief and utterly disbelieving tile story of his wife's illness; le had heard of hter only a few hours before the appearance ot this mysterious relief, and it begall to dawn on the force that they had been tricked. Again they searched tile wood, to the intense delight of the boys of the neighbourhood. who assisted at tile per formance outside, for they were not allowed to comite near tihe scene of operations, andl thi s time they found-- James Franklin's wife, but no trace of himself. Fanny was perfectly self. posessed ; she knew nothing of her rhsband's whereabouts; she liad come there to seek him, laving heard what was going on; she had brought food withi her -what wife nwould not? and shie had cot into the wood uindr ltheir very eves, but liher husliiul was not there ; wlatl had they done with him ? She looked white and wan, but all their (lqestions, and a thorough search I y the female searcher at the nearest police station, lwent for nothinig; lihree was nothing about Fainny to show tlat sihe knew any:ling; not a scrap of anything that had ever been J.ames Franklin's; not a morsel of writing nor any vestige of his property. They slaslhed away at tihe bracken, and peet ed into thie hollow trees, but tile wood told no tales, and they were obliged to confess that it might be possible after all that they had been mistaken,and that tne mail they wanted had never been in the wood at all and yet he had been seen to go there and never come out, and there was no trace of his clothes, no sign of any fire where they might have been burned, and Fanny liad not anything about her lbut her lint and cloak. She was pale and weary, for site had spent tie night in the wood. hoping doubtless to find her husband, and tlhe remains of the food she had brought for tIim lay under the tree where they found her. They could do nothing with lier, and they had to let her go, after a weary examination and all sorts of discussions as to what was to be done; and the mystery was left a mysicry still. I think it was about a year afterwards that confirmation of the fact, that Tames Franklin had got away that night in a policeman's dress, came through a party of young men whose dog, going into a hole for so long a time that they feared ioe was smothered, came out at last, dragging something that they in terror unspeakable fancied to be part of a human body. Examination showed them that it was only clothing, andi a further search revealed tle whole of the dress worn by the missing nian when last seen by tile police. Faunny lid con veyed to hini tlie nlcea s of clihe.tiig Ihis pursrsueri, aid he had walked carelessly away through the ranks of tie watlrhing police. In line time thel came to be for gotten. I never dared to say a word in defence of yoor Fai nny. whomr I pitied front my heart, and liked none the less for her attaclint'ent to lthi' tmian slie had arried ; lie was her IrhsbandI in spite of all, and she clung to hiii as a wife slioll. She was very wicked. no ,douht, to help Iiiia to escape: blit the country was doubtless rid of theln anylhow. and saved tihe miainitenance of Mr. Franklin for theic rest of his natural life. Years afterwards I lieard of tliuem, and I wan very clad t o d so, though I never dared to tell nimy ihsliand that I hiad arny knowledge of wlhat had lecoime of poor Fanney. .A young cousin of mine, a great traveller, with a passion forexploring all sorts of out-of-the-way plact s, peIc trated to the other side of tlie Rocky Mountains. in tlre days whenll tihe great railway was projected, and in an infant settlemient. in a little clearing of their own. he camie upon Fanny and her Illusba d. 1Mr. and .Mrs. .ohullnor tihey called themselves, and were earning a steady lisviig and leading an haonest life in re speutalle employment onl tihe new works, and lie wotuld niot have knotn iFanny in the brown hearty-lookiing woman who welcomed hlin so jileasaintly, lbut for her agitated recognition of him. It was very wrong, and against tile ends of justice, perhaps, but he liad her liave no fear: hie would nit betray tliem, and lie did not, except to me. I wrote a letter to Fanny, anid gave her a word of en couragement, and I know slhe got tihe letter, for there reached Ime some months after a little picture of a horuse on its own clearing and tihe family croup thwt inhabited it, ia liqltll(i:l, comfortable looking group--father, mother, aud two round-faced children. Tlhey arc not in tilhe least like .James Franklin and Ihis ifoe \lo itdind su chr a muddiie of their lifos here, but I can recoglniso tlannly's face in tire round checked matron, and tlhe refined features of her husband nnder tile big beard that covers the chin of Mr. Jolinlson. I hanv to look another way whe!n Ily hrusbantd tells tile s!ory; of tLhr drnliang, anid opines tliat in carme Trotm a~ client of Iris who was iunder great obligations to him. lie has no idea he is telling fibs, and that tile peaceful-looking home which it represents har'bours the et-forger and thief, .James Fransklin, and our regretted servant Fanny Kemp. TIIE ENl. Mr. Sealove (at his seashore cotaggg; " My dear, please tell p?. diauhi-cr to sing somIeCthirg leas ildloful." Mrs. Sea lhve i "''lhat is not our daughter, my love. That is the foghorn. "Come, Doctor, it's ten o'clock; I think we had better be going, for it's time all honest folks were qt ,hpige." :' Well, yes," was ty typly ". I nIput be off, tin xou' iieeltdn' goa o?\ that aocorint. "\Four ??crs hust a trcmendoulis long hit,''" ai a friend to Theodore Hlook. " Yes," lie replied, " it's a bit too long." Too Fascinating-The proprietress of a cafr on the IBoulevard dtes Italiens reccntly said to a young and iiiiprecunii ous journali t: " Thisis i tlhe sixth time you nrhve been hero without saying a word about tlhe money your owe me, monsieulr. Whrat amt I to understanld by it '" " A.\, nmadlime," said the jitty jourinalist, " wlhen one ;"yf you ote forgnget.S rry . li'itijj'-' " ''anlip; " Say aniIm, youlr dug litl Ine. Lady : " Well, never miund, 1Il wash Ilis moutli." 