version. : By Grosvenor Bunstels !'Ghosts' l sneered Mr. Boggles, "bah I rotl humbug I Pigments of the imagina tion, mydear sir--lisordered digestion, .queer liver and so on, know. Why, sir, my wife, pogr girl, used to say when she. was in a temper(as she usually was), used to say that if she died first she'd haut me. .Haunt me I 'hal· hal hal 'Poor girl, poor silly girl i" * Mr Buggies was sitting over hi' wino with threes or four cronies. In the gloom of the evening, the fitful gleams of the fire had suggested to one of the'guests the.idea of ghosts. -Hle was a tlll lenan,sepulchral sort of man with a voice that seemed to issue fronisome hol'ow drum, and altogether one of those persons vho, we should be naturnlly. disposed to think, was given to supernatural fainies.' Moreover,he drank gin. , ls name was Jubbs.... ""Well, I don't know," said Mr. Jubbs. " Perhaps some of these day's she'll keep her word." "Eh ?" cried Mr. Buggies,' setting down the glass which he was in the act of rising to hislips. " t"'" 'I'say that perhaps she'll keep her word." "Pooh, pooh,"said Mr. Baggles. "Don't talk like;an ass, Jubbs." Tut, tut, to think that a man of your abilities and-=ah-so on, should talk like that." "Well," said a heavy-looking man named Jinki " 1 don't know," sad he drank off hii glass of poret "There's no telltng," observed a small maei'with spectasees at the other end of the table. " Shakespeare tells us that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in'our philosophy." ." Shakespeare," said Mr. Buggies com plae?etly," was a-a-fool." Mr. Buggies was not the first person in the world• who bad given utterance to thld opinion, In the reign of the George' the Third inteleisct, " S'nakespeare is poor stlaffO. and the George the Third intelleet is the aernge order. . lMr. Jlks and ?fr.''7nbhs'felt aglgrieved Blt when a man is dining with another he is, of course, compelled to keep his opinions to himself. 'It was n:t ntil they were walking through Fituroy "ardens.on their homeward way that the3 expressed them. selves ver7 strongly abot tl .' Boggles' rude method of disposing of a debateable question. " If it hadn't been I was' sittin there as bis guest,"said Jinks, "I'd ha' told him what I thought of him." '"Tell yowhat,".said Jubbes, "it would serve him right to give'him a scare."' "It would. If we could raise the ghostof his'wife now. Poor woman;no'wonder she died."' . "We'll do it," cried the other with en thusiasm. " We'll do' it. Confound the fellow with his selfopinionated aimrs. I'd like to see him taken down a peg." Whereupon the two friends tnereand then resolved that the thing should be done, con.. ionced that it would ha the more easy of accomplishment, inasmuch as each instinet-. ively felt that Mr.. Bi ggles was a rank im. poster;, and like id?at bodies, an 'arrant coward. "' ? Time passed, and Buggles still maintained his defiant attitude as.to the existence of ghosts.' Nevertheless.he hid latterly 'been somewhat agitated by sundry and divers eccentric noises and movements around and about his house, which was a comfortable habitation in Fitzroy, standing in a goodly garden and backed by a considerable field, wherein an Alderney cowgrazed. Now this cow hbad latterly exhibited some evidence of ahberratins of intellect. She would bgin to bellow for no ascertainably reason about midnight, and If not locked up in the stable would tear around the enclosure furiously. Buggies consulted a veterinary surgeon, who examined the animal, and pronounced her as healthy a cow as any In existence. "Then what makes her fly around at night and bellow fit to raise the roof off2" cried Boggles. irritably. "Dashed if I can tell,'" said the Vet., " unless something frightens her. Maybe," healded, jocularly, "a ghost is around, and it don't anree with her." This was a joke, but it streek Buggles, not only as a bad one, but as one uncon. sciously nimedlat his heterodox notions in the subject of ghosts. iHe told the Vet. etat'be talked dike' a.fool;.but asthe paid 'that Wirt?th a g ,iuna the impttirtsn'ce wase pooketed with the cow= nbi,!ai':ee,i:tlv.. :?'" I t thieswas'hot all: neob semporae,'o.sly' 'ritb the cow movement, there were otone signs '"I' tbeO air" of supernatural high' "Jinks. Every :at in thbo neighborhood seemed to be animated by some ineirest of -:unusual character. They scattered about 'th roof, moanin and spitting fearfully. ,The hooting of mopebhawks could he heard; while dismal meanings outside Buggies' bedroom window, and sometimes a weird hbut suppressed shriek added to these fear. ,some eplsodes. As for the watchdog, he "yelped, and howled, and bayed, and barked until he grew as hoarse as a raven. And Bug. lowa began to be nervous. He put the asrvrans on watch, and got a policeman to keep an eye on the premises. No good ; the cow went on as before, so did the catl, so did the mopenliwkls, so did tie dog, and tae moans and screams did not cease. It was getting serious. Buences had to drink an extra glass or two of toddy every night to steady his nerves. He went so far as to speak to his friends, with affected jocularity, about these matters. But they lool-od grave; Jinks shook his head solemn. ly, and Jubb's repeated Suakeepeare's lines reflectively. "Well, I'll end it somehow," said Buggles one starlit but rough night, as he sat listen ing to the moaning of the wind, and the rat. tling of the window shutters. "There I There goes that darned cow again, and and-" A mournful cry was heard, as from one In great agony, and just close to the house. Buggies shook. "If it be possible, after all," he muttered, "and she has kept her word I Perhaps I did('t-tela'hsr over and' above Wrll Sometimes I The late lamented Mrs. Beg. glee had led easuch a life that death mst have been welcome to her. A faint consciousness of this circumstance added to the terrors which.now began to take hold urpo Mr. nuggle' imagination. • " i'll sell the place I" he mnttseres and that cow shall be slaughtered tom.eorow. Gracious I how that dog is barking. I can't stand it; anything is betetr than this sas pense. I'll face it, whatever it It." And he buttoned up his coat, and clapped hiahat upon his head with an air of manlul determination. Seizing the first weapon at hand-it happened to be a hammer which he was in the habit of using to crack geolo gical specimens (for he dabbled in science, did Buggles)-he issued forth into the garden. This he traversed. Nothing was to be seen, and it was with a firmer step and stouter heart that he passed into the fields The cow was stabled, but she was lowingmourn fully. As I have haid, the night was clear, but the gush of wind whieh passed the field and bent and swayed the trees therein, moaning the while, lent an uncanny influence to the time and scene. Again Mr. Doggles' spirits fell, and a creepy feeling came over him. He shivered. paused, and was' about to turn back, when his eyes fell upon- an object, the sight of which made him jump into the air like an acrobat, dropping his hammer in the action; And then he stood stock still, paralvned by fear. and gating with eyes that started from their scckets, and sus pended breathing at the thing before him. It was a figure of a woman, clothed from head to foot in a white garment, which covered her arms close. into her body. Buggles could not recognise the features because they also were covered, but his ex. cited imagination and accusing conscience revealed to him that the finire was that of -hi dead" wife, 'and that without doubt shbi 'had'kept her word and had come from the shades to haunt him thus. The figure did not move; ave that it swayed in the wind in which its ghostly garments fluttered ever and anon. Mr. Buggles gazed until his knee gave away, and at last, with a suppressed shriek, he fell to the ground insensible. How long be lay thus I do not know. When he recovered himself and sat up, and turned his eyes fearfully towards the spot upon whiheb he had seen the apparition it was gone. He crawled back fearfully t the bhouse, let himself in' with a" latch-key, and repairing to a spirit closet, swallowed a vast gl?sn of brandy; then he crept to bed. But no sleep came to him. The gruesome sight he had looked upon heanted hiei through the night, and for many a night thereafter. But, singularly enough, from that night the troublse -ceased. The cow ceased to bellow, the cats banished their -oneaerts to just and natural proportions, the watch-dog no longer barked his tail cif. And, though Buggles set- some stout fellows on the watch none of them ever saw the ghost. As for the mopehawks, everybody uniggered when Buggles spoke about them. Mope hawks in the cenitr of Fitzroy-pnoh I ridiculous I However, Mr. Buggles' experience had a very salutary effect upon his mind and man ner. He no longer argued with such dog matic offensiveness, and,' to the surprise of hia friends, would listen to the most extra ordinary statements with an air of credulhty and humble trust, wholly different to that self-assertive manner with which lhe had been won't to dispute matters beyond his ken. Altogether hbewas a changed man, and Jabband Jinks plumed themselves upon the success and effects of their plans, with very good reason. - Forit wasindeed to their ingenious in vention that the matter was to be-traced. The veterinary surgeon who had.been called in by Mr. Boggles to inspect the cow was in the secret. It was he who supplied certain herbs which, partaken of by the animal being dropped into the field during the day -brought about spasms about midnight. Herbellowings were but an expression of painl but, as Mr. Buggles could not read cow language he had' been unable to inter pretthese. As for the-cats, the wicked con spirator had gathered them far. and wide, sneaed their d t lwn in walnut-shells; tied, their tails together;andnotherwlsee-caretr them to -contribute to- the hubbub. 1~l. course, all this made the dog hark, while the mopehawhks were simulated very easily. - And, further, the figure which bad seare.l Mr. Buggies so dreadfully was nothing me-. than a fashion-frame such as linen-drapern use to exhibit ladies' dresses. The tr'lng after all, was very simple; but it had beer conducted with suech caution that nnl,ode had been enabled to make it out, or expost the fraud. And, astbheresult had been so happy. Jinks and Jubbs consoled themselves "with'the reflection that the end sometimes does, indeed,jastify the means. 