? A TALE OF T1±E„ SOUTH OF IRELAND. I CHAPTER V. [All Rights BeshbvsdJ By Kenneth Snodgrasb . l%e morning following the events narrated in the.preceding chpater broke bright and clear at Oastle Verner. True to her resolution, Ida stood <on the hall steps waiting for hej^pony to be brought lound. Though her sweet face was; paler than usnal ani then was an anxious look ïa the soft brown, eyes, still there was at the same time, an expresBiwof firmness about our heroine,' which urged that the course of action npon Which-she decided over nightwould be carried "pqt this inorning. As the gropm appeared with Bony, she hastïly jdiîew lùm fcp the ^p and placing her tiny, foot in the stirrap, vaulted lightly into; the saddle. Bidding the boy 'ran on and open the gaie, she trotted after Mm, and gaining the road,' drojppinglthe whip on to Rony's Sank, hè sprung away at a pace ...which, caused the groom to open his solitary eye and mutter sotlo voce " 'Tis the wimmin's the divil to ride^" ' , An hour's sharp riding and she, halted her pony at the. gate of Widow ." Brandon's cottage garden. Without waiting to see whether anyone was coming t take the pony ; with a heart beating with anxiety and «xcitement, she left Bony to crop the grass on the roadside and opening the wicket, walked ap to thé door. She had barely knocked, when the door opened and Dora gazed at her in utter surprise. As the; eyes of the two girls met, there was that in Ida's which sent a thrill of apprehension to the oher's heart. Dora was the first to speak. " Ida dear," and her voice trembled slightly, " What is it ? What brings you here so early ?" Ida hesitated a moment, while her color went and came and then threw her arms rouni Dora's neck and pressing her lips to her cheek, whispered " Dora is Brandon here ? Is Frank here ? I most see him at once" and raising her {ace she looked eagerly and questioning into Dora's eyes. Dora returned her gaze earnestly and "momentarily ignoring Ida's eager question she whispered back. " Ida dear is it traé ?" Ida's sole ' reply was : once more to press her warm, ripe lips to Dora's soft cheek and whisper " my sister J my sister!" Nothing could be more explicit. It is not always the actnal words so much as the expression we throw into them, that conveys our full meaning. Dora returned her embrace lovingly and then said in reply to Ida's fiist question, "Heis not here, Ida,.he-went away last night, but came back, an hour before dawn. He bad to draiw money from the bank to pay his men and then —Ch ! Ida he's going to leave them for ever," and this was said in a .tone of hsartfélt thankfulness. Widow Brandon, who had overheard the voices, now called from her roo^fhand asked who was there. Ida went in "«ml assuming an air d gaiety, which was sadly at varianpe Vith the fedSnge of her heart ] told the-- i>ld lady that M i&e; morning was so lovely she had been onablé to resist a ride before breakfast in the fresh air—-a white fib,which, added slightly ' to the tint of the roses, which the cool breeze frcin the hills and the rapid exercise had bronght to her cheeks. ! -However, ' hastily making hër escape from tbe-widow, telling her she must be back in time i fur breakfast,—-she left the cottage. Passing down the garden with Dora, she poured oat all her fears with regard to, Brandon "; , and" begged- Dora to tell'him everything immediately he returned. Dcra's heart stood still as ^she heant of the expected^advent of the soldiers. Nothing, however, could . now. be done but wait till Brandon's return. Ida was . intensely disappointed to find that her lover was absent. Nothing further however, conld now be done, and anxions that - her morning's exercise should pass without cômment àt home, she mounted her pony and started back to Castle Verner. Bony's smooth skin was flaked with foam as Ida handed. him' over to the groom ; and it is certain that as - that individual glanced firat jat Eonj's satin coat and then «t his' nrstréss -he was still further confirmed in bis opinion expressed a short tune: before that- " It's the wilnmin's the divils to ride." When half-an-hpur later, Ida entered the breakfast; room, : all iracea of ber monnng's exercise had disappeard, and as she sàt opposite her father it would have been impossible for anyone to guess from outward appearance the tumult of ! anxiety with which ha loving ..heart was filled. The meal' was tonuncomfortable one for her, as her father -was unaware of her ride and she felt a strange timidity at mentioning it^to him. Several times she checked hereelf on thé point of touching upon it, but the consciousness of having'something tp conceal, so unnsocd. to her frank nature seemed; in some noacconntable way, to separate, her fi»m her father—her kind and indulgent father—who liad ' indeed been father and mother to her-for so many -*yi»j».',.;_ ..-y . Mrs Verner had passed away to the land af shadows when ldà wâs twp years -old, and pity' being added' to'the natural love for his^little daughter, the hearts of both had been drawn, closer, than under , other. circumstances -might^have been ~4he caro. ' It waB only- to ;be expected theii that Ida, naturally .-frank, sincere and truthfal, should be distrésed by the n&usnal; position in whichithe events of the last two days had "placed her. She seemed unconsciously to - -endeaTor - to make amends.for her fitat want'or confidence towards-her loved father, 4»y . an : added tenderness of manner -and Toioe; Her manner was indeed almost-: pathetic-: initstendernessandsoliditnde; prompted perhpps, by some instinct which told her, it though she had scaicely realised , the -fact,, that a love greater, and stronger,: «ren than that of father and daughter, had arisen in her heart and iaken possession of her whole being. t i Breakfast being over, one of the maids , brought in tile morning's letters and newspapers and a-nong them a letter from young Verner to his father.- The- Colonel recognising Pat's handwriting! remarfcpdlnA pleased voice, "Ahl la' letter from Pat" broke the seal and glancing at the first fejr lines he ex- claimed, " Hera's good ^ews ïda dear the boy will be dawn here In command of a half company of his men te pnÎBt tlie police to protect the revenue,""-—but we will "give a portion of the ^latter In his own words. " My dear father, I am jnst starting with a email partjrof a dozen files, to «assist the polioe fori)e in your neighborhood in protecting the revenue. I shall probably be wjth yotL on Thursday."—The Colonel had jgùt this Tar, when Ida who had risen an was standing behind her father, readingthe letter over his shoulder, exekitned in a Toice which she In vain endeavored to render stead/. " Thursday Î why father, to-day is Thursday. We must, be nuking s mistake, he must mean next week." . " No" said the Colonel " I think he heads the letter The Curragh. Mon-' day: The letter must surely have been • delayed in transmission. Véf, yes, the boy will be here to-4ay, you pust get hU room ready at once diy -dear." " ;' \- Beading the letter àloud the Colonel continued—Yon wfll. remember,! dea r father my promising, ito tell yon all about : my mysterious adventure on the moors,' well I will keep my promise vrhen I "come, back, as I fancy, strange as it in^y seem, it may have soma connection with my present duty"—and the -letter concluded with lové to ïda. •- • • r \- ** Ha V "the Colonel coptinja^ as^ Jœ handed the letter : to Ida, fvjt .«ill be pleasant io hâve Bat wifch ns again*' and he . proceeded, "with 1 an* expression : of o pleasure on hi3 kindly features, 1 to open other letters. 1 - During the reading, of Pat's missive, Ida's heart beat fast. That her brother should be sent down on this duty added to her distress ; but as the thought of the danger to which Brandon might be exposed, recurred to her mind, her courage rose and she resolved that she would use any méans, to warn and if possible, protect her lover. She earnestly hoped that her brother's arrival might be delayed, if only for a day or two. Fate, however, -willed it otherwise, for even as she stood thinking thus, a barking of dogs.—-a crashing of gravel, i—a hasty step in the hall, and Pat himself strode into the room and clasped her in his arms. "Well father here I am" exclaimed Pat, ras he grasped his father's ! hand with a frank strong grip, that told of leve and' confident between father and son. "Well, Pat, my son,"- returned the Colonel, ".where did you come from <and where are your men 2" " Oh j I left them in charge of Sergeant M'Whac and came on-ahead ^ Yon see I was impatient to get home. I stayed at the Edwards' last night, borrowed a horse from "them and started at daylight this morning." The Colonel's heart swelled with pride as he gazed at his handsome ' son, who looked in his uniform, every inch a solfier. • • /.- " And now Ida," continued Pat gaily. I'll take Some breakfast. Why," sud-, denly looking at his-sister, Ida darling what's the matter, yon look like a.ghost and you don't look haif happy; at seeing me home." • . ""My lear brother," and she pat ' her arm round his neck, " what nonseneè. I am very glad to see yon" she replied in answer tô his reproach and'gave .him an affectionate kis& 3 ^ Her brother gazed tended^ and. anxiously into her eye?,. as she s Jdrced a smile and said, "Til ring for , fresh coffee," and they settled down to a ^gaychat about the doings at the Carragh. {To be continued.*) J . 