PBOPLsE sat —- That this is what happened in Parliament on Thursday evening— " Your statement is not worth n. pin," " Whni; you say, Kelly, is too thin." Cried Toostny Dodd, Tommy JDodd. The word he used was rather strong. Three letters only, and not Ion;*, The Speaker simply gave a cod, . * And straight ho found himself in quod, Poor Tommy Dodd, Tommy Dodd. That they- v/iak IDibbs would follow Gourko's example ami resign. That come northern iMV'spsjpers in a dearth of news pray " give us this day oar daily snake." That the Evening Seiss in calling the late Guy Fawkes an anarchist is fiafc from an action for libci. That; according to i'oaimv "Walker, M.P., Jncfc Ilaynes, M.P." will yet make his fortune in a circus. according to Jack Ilaynes, M.P., Tommy Walker, M.P. made hie fortune as a ghost. That Lord Jersey showed lie under stood New South Wales politics when ho said the labor party wanted better leaders. That according to Hindlo, M.P., the G-overnment in giving relief do some thing mentioned in the bible. "When ashed for bread thoy give a stone. Thai: M. Tricoupis, the Greek Minister, who offers to pay the public creditors half their interest, is just the. iaan to suit some Australian politicians That according to one member taking points of order seems to be tho chief business of the Sydney Presbytery. That there is a picnic on tho tapis at Guyra. For ourselves wo should prefer a picnic on cold beef and pickles. That they are making vinegar from sour beer in Taunvorth. Tho conse quences are apparent iis the increased acidity oftba local papers. That a lady's parachute and a gentleman's umbrella await owners at the oflice of tho Murrurundi paper. Ahem ! That the Tentcrfield Star denies that in politics it sits upon a rail. It is merely on tho horns of a dilemma. Well, for comfort give us a rail. That they arp waiting to sco how laueh party feeling has to do with tho appointment of .Returning Officers and the Electoral Act. That in Fairfic-ld the Master of Ceremonies at a ball " manoeuvres tho dancers through labyrinthian figures." Tho refreshments must be pretty strong at a ball in FairJicld. That they ara going to make cheese from potatoes in Muswellbrook. jPJext thing they will be making potatoes from prickly pears. That in Graf ton they think a sober minded Scotchman is not an alarsnist. WTiat, then, must a drunkcu-mindod Scotchman be? That they have an " Early Rising Association" at Grafton. Prom this it is evident that the husbands light the fires of a morning tlicro. That according to an obiler tlietum in the Maitland Police Court it will soon be aa offence to keep a tamo magpie. That it must bo pleasant for tho labor party to hear Sir George Dibbs telling them that their ceaseless talking and iraste of tinio have ob structed legislation. That according to the local paper the slackness of snipping trade in Jfewcastle S3 responsible for a great falling off ill the number o£ prisoners in Maitland Gaol. This is not compli mentary to the shipping trade. That as 3 result o£ protection in Victoria, the first clas3 prisoners in Castlemaine Gaol are- making straw envelopes which sell at 3s Gd a gross, and give a profit of 2d per day per nan. That the Armidale Express is be coming irreverent. It calls the author of The Proverbs "Old Sol." Jfest thing it will allude to Joshua as " Josh." That according to the Glen Inncs Guardian, Australia owes its present position to tho enterprise and j liberality o€ the founders of the A. A. I Company. To which, in meek tronderment, tve say " Holy Moses, what neit!*' That something good has come out of Galilee. Schey, M.P., is credited with having said iv Parliament that ?svhile giving relief to tho banks they should also afford relief to those who owed money to the banks. That the young ladies in Invcrelldo not care to ienm cooking. They will regret this wheu they get married. They will then find skill with a grid iron more useful than Beethoven's sonata. That it strikes them as ludicrous that the papers slfuiltl all be stating that the bookmakers won £150,000 on the Melbourne Cup, while totalisators and sweeps arc being put down by the law. laws are evidently not made for every degree. That during one great labor dispute in ~Sewr South Wales Sir Henry Parkea did what Mr Gladstone J3 now doing in England, proposed a conference to pave the way of compromise. That according to present appear ances there will be at least three can didates for every constituency in the country at the nest general election. That Sir Eobert Duff is sorry he spoke at Melbourne and called, that place " the greatest city in. Great Britain." He explains, however, that this was " after the races," whatever tbat means. It was "after dinner" certainly. That the decision of the A.J.C. in the Bridgeuicnt-Minting case created quite as much excitement in Singleton a3 that of the V.B.C. in theSwiveller- Kaiufom case caused in Australia. That they do not understand Sir George Dibbs saying he does not want to be Ageut-Geueral as ho cannot stand the .English, climate. The Priuee of Wales " stood" him a. cigar, and the Queeu "stood" him a title. Surely after this the climate is not worth bothering about. 