MAIL AllMOUli. With Hicks Pasha in tiii-: Soudan, . nv the Hon. J. Coi.hohm-:. It was in the Soudan that I first saw the mail armour of the middle ages : actually in use. Whether an original, or a copy, the dress of a chief (who joined 11s) was undoubtedly the self-same pattern as that worn by Richard Cieur do Lion and the Cru saders. The hauberk of mail was fastened round the body by the baltan. .and formed a complete covering from head to foot. The long two-handed, double-edged, sword was worn betw een the leg and the saddle. This appears to me additional proof that this chain arhiour came to the Arabs from the Saracens, who stripped it from the bodies of slain or captured knights. I asked the sheikh— the wearer of this garb — where he hiwl got his armour. He said that it had been in his family 310 years. 1 may add that his horse's head was encased in steel, and its body covered with a quilt : thick enough to turn a spear : and shaped like tlie armour one reads of iu Frois sart. Altogether the sheikh, being above Gft. high, rode fully seventeen stone. The first time 1 saw the man was in our first night alarm. It was moonlight ; and, at the first bugle ? sound, I rushed out of niy tent: I was as much surprised as if I had met the ghost of my own grandfather. In uuiii ul uiu jmuuu. uiu iippanuuii ui tt knight clad in full armour : lance in hand, and sword 011 thigh. 1 rubbed my eyes, and thought that 1 was dreaming ; buttheapparition vanished not ; and; since that day, 1 have encountered many as complete speci mens. It has been estimated that in the I'nited Kingdom over 100,000 pheas ants are killed every season, of which aboutihalf, find their way into the London market-, a supply that could never have been approached liy the old system of wild pheasant shooting, or any other- 'than that of careful preservation and rearing for large shooting parties. Of course it is only at tlie height of the country house season that plump pheasants are pro curable at tlie poulterers at the ordin ary price of chickens, but, neverthe less, while the Ixurious supply lasts, townspeople during the greater part of November and -December are enabled to dine off roast pheasant at something less than a fourth of its prime cost; to the producer. 