TAMMIJZ AT OAMBEIDG-B. ' fC A - J r _ 1 i . -auu ue Drought me to the door of the coMfcj and when I looked, behold a hole m thewall. And he said unto me, Go fv I. wicked abominations " r rn also me, lurnthee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations that they do. Ihen he brought me to the door of the gate of the Lord's house which was toward the north ; and behold, there sat women weeping for Tammuz." (Bzek . 5-16.) Thus did the ancients of mrael do in the dark. And thus speaks e word of God of their wicked abomina- twns, both of the image of jealousy, and of their pictures portrayed on the wall, Bow let us go to Cambridge, one of the soats of learning in England, j ! I An eye witness of the facts describes iexactly . what .he saw at Cambridge University. The owner of this room takes a candle in her hand up the dark passage. She has the keys. After some difficulty the door in the wall is opened. We have only one candle. How dim and strange this place looks ! What, can that be opposite the entrance? Why look, it is actually a large image of a dead Christ lying down ! And that ? an image of a woman, leaning or weeping over the awful-looking , dead body of Christ! And that? what can that large triangle of wood be, with candles stuck on it, burnt nearly down to the sockets ? I should have been puzzled if I had not seen this same purgatorial triangle in the temples of idolatry on the continent. There you may see a dis tressed widow or orphan come and huy a candle, place it on the triangle, and then kneel before some image in prayer for a supposed soul in purgatory whilst the candle burns. And this is done by millions in what is called Christendom I Do you see that penitential chair before the awful image ? Just look at those sticks fastened to the back of the chair, in support, I suppose, the hands uplifted to idol worship I and did you ever see such horrid-looking cloaks, black and . ugly ? Well, you would almost think, the order of Beelzebub must worship here. Hush I some of the most gentlemanly members of the University meet here. Tou notice that large cross behind the prostrate body ? And these articles, what are they ? Incense vessels, and other utensils of idolatry. Now step through this hole in the wall, and see other abominations. A strange feeling creeps over you. The light is very dim. You see that image of an angel, meekly asking you to dip your finger in the holy water ; no, by the way, it is all dried up. Now look round. Yes, that is the image of the Virgin Mary queen of heaven ; and the little child. And there the altar with its great flaring . cross ; there the desk ; here lies vestments and looJes. We will examine those books shortly. But this place looks so dismal ; where are the windows ? Oh, this is like the old worship of Tammuz 1 The dark chambers of idolatry. Now look, those windows are carefully boarded up. Not a ray of God's light must enter this chamber of spiritual abominations. What ! not a chink between the boards? The members of the Confraternity have eare- fully, most carefully, papered over those boards ; and where the light of day should be, there stands their altar. Oh England ! England 1 these be the men, preparing to be thy parish antichrists I A copy of one of the books used in the Cambridge chamber of darkness fell into Protestant bands. The book is called " The Manual of the Confraternity of the Blessed Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ. Sixth ed." The chief professed object of this Confraternity is " the honour due to the person of our Lord Jesus Christ in the Blessed Sacrament of His Body and Blood." Its form of Government is very similar to, if not the same as, the order of the Jesuits — a Superior General, and a council, also Superiors of various wards, in short, a most perfect organisation. The Superior General must be a bishop or a priest. The greatest care is to be observed in admitting a member. Each is to be fully instructed, name and full address kept, &c.; The candidate is admitted kneeling, and the priest standing. Th en follow prayers, on the Idolatrous principle that the bread and the wine are turned into God. A medal of membership is given. Nothing in Bome can possibly exceed the idolatry of the prayers that follow. " O God, who dost wonderfully refresh Thy Church by Thy precious Body and Blood ; " and again, " O my beloved Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, I firmly believe, because Thou hast said, ' This is my Body ; this is my Blood,' that in this blessed sacrament Thou art truly present; Thy Divinity and Thy humanity, with all the treasures of Thy merits and 1 hy grace ; that Thou art Thyself mystically offered for us in this Holy Oblation." Again, "I adore Thee, O Lord my God, whom I now behold veiled beneath these earthly, forms ; prostrate I adore Thy Majesty." " Jesus, our wonderful God, who vouch- safest to be present upon the altar when the priest pronounces the words of con secration ; have mercy upon us." Prayer after prayer of this kind follows. In fact, every prayer and act of devotion and adoration is to " our Lord present in the Holy Eucharist." The Eucharist is re garded as the victim, offered on the altar : " O sacred victim, offered in satisfaction for the sins of the world." It is spoken of as the "pure offering," "the awfnl sacrifice," and " the victim consumed oh the altar," - " This book is commonly used by all ibe members of this Confraternity in the churches of England during what they call " celebration." Here then is a, vast confederation of- idolaters. . Thousands and thousands are worshipping the bread and wine as God, in the Church of Eng land; and are either JSomanists at heart, or fast becoming so. The process is simple but sure. They are told every fresh step is getting a little higher ; but every step is a little nearer Bome. Thus the impression becomes universal, that Bome is right and they are wrong ; and all is wrong but Bome. It is high time, however, to examine all this by the word of God ; not by the fathers of even" the second and , third century. For " the night " of darkness had set in even by the close of apostolic times, so that what is called church history is the history of that darkness and wickedness, that began long before the close of the first century of this era. Let us have a little inquiry then, with the thousands of these priestrassoclates. And to make the matter as simple as possible, let us introduce an inquirer into the doctrines and membership of this Confraternity; who, mark, must be a bishop, priest, deacon, brother or sister of a religious community, or communicant of the English Church. (Page 10.) And further we will suppose this inquirer to be an. exercised soul, who believes the word of God. Let these priests answer these questions and scriptures in the presence of God if they can. Inquirer. I have read in God's word, that I am not to make any graven images, or to bow down to them ; and in the prophets, I am told that the worship of idols is an abomination. If I join the Confraternity, shall I have to disregard all these scriptures ? Bitualism tells me to bow down to the queen of heaven, or to an image of a dead Christ, or the cross, or to consecrated bread; but is not this to disregard what God says ? I have read these precious words of Jesus: "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life, and shall not come into judgment, but is passed from death unto life." (John v. 2! ) As a lost sinner, I have been brought to Jesus in the confession of my sins to Him ; and He has spoken to my soul in these words. And oh, the joy it has given to my soul, to know that I have, even now, everlasting life ; and to think (to say nothing of purgatory), that I shall not come into judg ment! Dead with Jesus, risen with Him, I shall not come into any judgment, but I am passed from death unto life. Oh, the deep joy this gives ; It fillls my heart with love to Jesus ; shall I have to give up these precious words of Jesus, and joy, and light and everlasting life, all mine now? Does not Bitualism forbid me to enjoy such certainty from those words of Jesus ? Must we not humbly pray that " we may all at length attain by a holy and peaceful death to the j>iy, and light of everlasting life ? " (Page 40.) I have read, and through grace believed, that the Lord Jesus Christ, after He had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God ; and also " by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are sanctfied." (Heb. x) And I read distinctly that this is in direct contrast with the other order of continued and repeated sacrifices, that never can take away sins. These are the very words ; " And every priest standeth daily ministering, and offering oftentimes the same sacrifices, which can never take away sins." Now this is a most serious question, and I do trust you will give me a clear answer. Am I still to receive with joy the testimony of God's inspired word to the everlasting efficacy of this one offering of Christ ; that all believers who are sanctified by this offering are for ever perfected; and that there need be, there can he, no repetition of this offering ; that Jesus sat down at the right hand of God in proof that this infinite work is accomplished ? This may be thought to be the most dreadful heresy to believe what God the Holy Ghost says about this perfected for ever, by one offering of Christ once' — never to be repeated. If this be true, where is the use of the priest asso ciates ? Where the use use of your offering the awful sacrifice of the altar, standing continually offering those sacri fices, that never can take away sins? Must we reject what Christ has done, and what God says about it? And must we most humbly, and devoutely, believe in your continued, and ever repeated offering of the victim on the altar that never can take away sins? Why if Jesus Christ be the eternal Son and if His blood cleanseth "from all sin and thus pierfects the conscience for ever, what need can there be for purgatory ? for holy water ? for all the intercessors including even the blessed Mary as queen of heaven? But do not the inspired scriptures plainly declare this everlasting efficacy of the one offering of Christ ? And does not God say, " And their sins and iniquities I will remember no more." Oh, may I not believe God, and so enter into rest ? Best of soul to the weary is so sweet. Now does not the scripture say all this ? I cannot doubt that God says all this ; am I not to read what God says ? Or am I to get a little higher, and a little higher, that is, a little nearer holy church, whose priests a little while ago, would have in cited and commanded the civil power to drag to the stake the Christian who dared to read and believe what God says in His word ? If I turn from the word of God to your teaching, I see in the " Manual " that, so far from the believer being for ever perfected by the one offering of Christ, even after death he needs your intercessions for his soul. (See page 77.) Bemember you board up the windows, and, papering them over, carefully exclude: God's light. There in the darkness, yon place your altar, with your victim, and there you stand, offering your offerings which can never take away sins. One ray of gospel light would expose the darkness and idolatry. Do you think you could bow and swing and adore the bread and. wine, and offer it a " sacrifice for sins," if you believed God that the one offering of the body of Christ (once offered) for ever perfects ? Impossible 1 Bight well do you know, or ought to know, that, in the beginning when Christians believed God, there was no need of so-called priests or altar, or offering the victim. They met as disciples together to break bread in re- membrane of His death, rejoicing in the eternal redemption they had through the blood of Christ. All that is quite different from what you do. They worshipped in the light ; if I join you, must I worship in the dark ? I scarcely thought I should have to give up sp much of Christianity, to become a holy confederate. I read in God's word of having boldness to enter the holiest by the blood of Jesus. I also read, how before Jesus died the one sacrifice for sins, " that the Holy Ghost this signified, that the way into the holiest of all was not yet made manifest." (Heb. ix. 8.) That is, the Jew was shut out of the presence of God: the veil shut him out-- When Jesus died, the veil was rent from top to bottom. And the blood of Jesus gives the Christian boldness to enter. An. unmerciful Sister of Ulercya — 'The Times, of Miy 19th, tells, us that in Hungary a little girl, eight years of age, quarrelled with a oompanion and made use of some bad words. As a punish-- ment for this crime the Sister of Mercy in charge of the school considered it her duty to burn the tongne that had been guilty. She accordingly dragged the child into the kitohen, hnated an iron, and burnt her tongue. The matter is to be brought before n law court." Cardinal L,ogues Nonsensi cal Speecll — Kaoent diepatohea irom Britutn say ttiat Oardlnal Logne aeaerta tl at in case the Home Bale Bill fails to pass the Honse of Lords the Unionists are ready to give a larger measure of Home Bale, than Mr. Gladstone. Until Dr. Logne was made a. Cardinal he was a parson of no political importance whatever, and bis information abont po'itioB appears to be still derived . from nnsatisfaotory sonrces. As Mr. Aastln . Ohaiuberlain has already pointed oat, if the Nationalist members believed in thU foolisb.. fiotion they wonld torn ont Mr. Gladstone's Governm>-nt at once, as they have power to do. Bat they know well that the Ua<onistB will never betray their trnst, and, tbongh. they probably receive Mr. Morley's aasnr- ances of the unwavering fidelity of the Gladstonians with jadioions scepticism, they have no alternative except to cling to theit prefent allies. — Sentinel The intimidatora and boyoottera in the Sontl who thought they would have had a fine time of it, and could get doing just as they liked when the Gladatoaian Government oame into office, have received a rather serious awakening in County Cork, where a creature has been sent to prison for a month for the manly act of striking a lonely widow in the mouth because she had the temerity to take an evicted farm ; and where a lad has got three years in a reformatory to teaob him manners for assaulting the aforesaid widow's helpless little. chil -iron! This shows the want of humanity and the spirit of savagery, notwith standing, the boasted kindlinesa of the South, by which these people are animated. If suoh a; case happened at Belfast we should never bear the last of it. To the Pole Once Mobe. — Lieutenant Perry is almost prepared for his Arctic expedition, and expects to reach his destination on the tVest Ooast'of .lireenland in the lost days of July. He :wili make his headquarters at White Sound,' where 'the Falcon will land twelve men, including himself, and will return to St. John's, coming to fetch the party inthe summer of 1895. Ho will not attempt to find the North Pole, but may do. o if conditions arefaronncable. einner and bio Saviour. (1 Tim. ii. 5 ; Heb. vii. 22 ; viii. 6 ; xii. 24 Gal. f. 8 ; v. 4). Ntimbers xvii. — When God instals Aaron afresh into the priestly office, He does it in a manner by which the secret of the priesthood ia revealed more clearly than it could have been by any words, or by any other siftn. A rod which, having been ont off from its parent stem, and so severed from its source of life', was dead and withered ; that human art could adorn and trim, but no human power could recall it again to life ; and yet it became in one night alive, so that it bore at the same time leaves, blossoms, and fruit in abundance. That is the work of the priesthood ; it has to do with death and with the dfead, that they may not come into judgment — that they may not be cast into the fire as withered branches. Therefore this dead, withered rod of Aaron which came to life in the sanctuary of God, has become the sign of the high priestly office, and an instructive symbol for all people of all ages. This sign, however, was not left in the hand of Aaron, but was carried back into the the sanctuary of God. This was done to show that even Aaron was not the true Great High Priest, who giveth life unto the dead, that he did but foreshadow " the man whose name is the Branch," the "rod from the stem of Jesse,'' whose office it is to make the unclean clean, the dead alive, and thus to " save them that come unto God by Him." 'What is the shining of the true Ohurch ? Doth not a church then shine when church service is raised from a decent and primitive simplicity, and decorated with pompous ceremonies, with rich furniture and gaudy vestments ? Is not the church then beautiful ? Yes, indeed ; bnt all the question is whether this be the proper genuine beauty or not ; whether this be not strange fire, as the fire that Aaron's sons used, which became vain and was taken as strange fire. Methinks it cannot be better decided than to refer it to St. John, in his Book of the Bevelation. We find there the descriptions of two several women, the one riding in state, arrayed in purple, decked with gold and precious stones and pearls (chap, xvii.) the other (chap, xii.) in rich attire too, but of another kind, clothed with the sun, and a brown of twelve stars on her head. The other's decorament was all earthly : this woman's is all celestial. 