A DAUNTLESS SOUL \--o -0 'Is live worth living 4' The question rose involuntarily to Fran cesca's lips; the pen dropped from her fin?ers. She leaned her head wearily upon her hand, and for a long time there was silence in the room. It was a stillness as if all life had beased and everything had come to an end at last. The afternoon sun shone brightly in at the window, a gentle, sighing breeze ruffled the lace curtains, but this was the only sound, save the distant, monotonous wash, wash of the waves lapping the rocks on the shore, An hour passed by. Still Francesca sat there and thought. They were not happy thoughts, either; they were tinged. with sadness and regret melancholy thou ht, indeed, for a.young girl She arose finally, and walked to th wiri dow slowly and uncertainly, as if in a dream. I cannot see my'way,' she.murmured. ' I cannot find the path ; it is all so dark. I've tried-I meant to be brave, too A long-drawn sigh escaped her lips, her eyes grew misty with tears, and she bent her head with a gesture of despair. The future loomed darkly before her, a never-endinig.line of loveless years stretching on and on, untif at last-what 1 Would she have strength for the task, strength for the duties and trials ! Would she some time look back upon this day,, and, remembering the time when she 'crossed the rubicon,' be glad that she de cided thus 2 For she was quite sure now that there was only one-the way of self-denial and self sacrifice. Perhaps it was better so. At least, there should-be no faltering -nd turning back, there should be no brooding upon what might have been. 'It is not true that love makes all things easy. but it makes us choose what is most difficult,' she mused. 'Francesca !' called a peevish, fretful voice from an upper room.. ' What are you doing. there so long I I've been waiting these two hours for my cordial, and-' ' Coming, mother I' she answered, in her usual clear tone. She turned away from the window, stood suddenly erect, like a sentinel on duty, like a soldier whose call had come, and who could answer, proudly ' I am ready.' That little moment of weakness was all past now. The clouds rolled away left the path be fore her straight and plain. She even fancied that she was glad to take up the burden, even if her young life was crushed, the garlands of youth and the flowers of hope withered in the performance of duty. It should be done. After all, what did it signify, just one life. One grain of sand in the desert. So, on this summer, afternoon, Francesca Weir turned away from the bright pictures of love and happiness, ' crossed the rubicon,' and resolutely: mounted' the stairs at her mother's bidding. ' Francesca. I'm out of all patience. It is so thoughtless to leave me continually, as you do, to the tender mercies of servants. Hand me my fan there on the table, and my cordial-you will never:remember. The air:is stifling, here, too; raise :that other window, Francesca, or I certainly shall have one of my faintidig fits. Oh, dear, these pillows are so hot, and I'm so tired and ner vous. Do step more softly, Francesca. When will you learn how to walk in a sick roomn ? There is-that novel; you know you were going to read to me this forenoon-but ljefore you commence, bring me that hand kerchief and. that smelling-bottle. How can you have the heart to neglect your poor in valid mother so., If yaou father were a.ai.. I should not have to suffer for want of care.' She paused at last; for want of breath, probably. Francesca did not reply to her complain lugs, but ,/vent swiftly about the room,? milistereiig to the many wants. of the capri cious invalid.; Until nearly sundown she sat in" her low chair by .the sofa andread aloud. t Her head throbbed and ached ut still she read on. SMrs Weir dropped into a quieit sleep .at She wanted to be alone with her own thoughts, and look her futuresin the face. Throwing a soft, white wrap about.her, she'left the house and took her way along the sandy shore line to the cliffk just out. beyond the: light- house. The sky was all aglow. Across the amber-lighted dome floatod now and then a rose-hued cloud with a golden edge. The breakers dashed up in' a snow- white foam upon the rocky bluffs, making a . wild uproar. Far away as eye could reach, Francesca could see a stately ship sailing-sailing to the spicy tropical islands, perhaps to the sunny skies of Italy, to that mystical land beyond the sea. Francesca wished for one moment that she, too, were sailing away-away from all the toil, vexation, and bitterness of life, even to that undiscovered country 'from. wose bourne.no traveller returns.' Pacing slowly along the sands, pausing from, time to time, and bending her head as if listening to the voice of the waves, she did not look like a girl who was about to take leave of all the bright and. beautiful things in life. But twenty summers had passed over that bright young head, and now she was learning the lesson that is hardest of all to learn, that there are times when duty eomes;before love, when the holiest emotions of the heart must be sacrificed in the cause of right. 'Francesca,' a voice spoke softly behind. her, 'Francesca, .the tide is coming ina' ' She did not turn her head, she did not move or speak, but upon the pale opal of her cheek there glowed a brilliant spot of color which disappeared as soon as it came, leaving her face perfectly white and her eyes steadily calm. ' Ah, Francesca, will you not look at me ? The voice was full of entreaty, of tender feeling, and it thrilled her every , soul, but still she remained silent. ' Francesca, I must have my answer to Sniht.ý ill; mot. be at off. an -la a _ Arthur.' . . ... She looked straight up at him, fearlessly, and with a wonderful self-control expressed in every feature, even in the tone of her voice. ' Let us go to the old trysting place, then, Francesca, and there let me hear the words I long to hear.' She turned her head away seemingly to look out upon the ocean, but in reality to hide the spasm of pain which crossed her face. It was gone in a moment, however. She thought sadly It will be for the last time.' He took her hand in his, and together they walked along the shore, together climbed up to the little ledge of rock where they had sat on many another summer afternoon and con versed in friendly talk, where Francesca had first cometo the knowledge which might haveglorifled her life,1but had only blighted it. There was a little silence broken at last by Francesca's companiora 'Dearest, you know you are everything to me-you know I love you. Will you give your sweet self into my keeping and be my wife I' Arthur Trenton's voice had an earnestness in it which could not be mistaken, and upon his face was written a strength of purpose which would last, if need be, a lifetime. What most impressed one about this man I was his strength of character, a sense of power, a moral steadfastness, a manly equi poise. Reader, he is my hero, and as such I must give him just a meed of praise. A man whose life was gentle, and yet so grand- in short, 'one of nature's noble men.' Is the picture overdrawn I. I think not, for I am sure such men have lived and are living, workingouttheirdestiny and striving, as Arthur Trenton did, to make the world better for having lived in it. His great, honest heart was filled to over Bflowing with a pure, unselfish love, and Francesca knew it. She knew too that he was a man who would never love but once-that through all the years, whatever happened, her image would never entirely fade from. his mind the past would be remembered. And yet she could look at him and say calmly 'Arthur, my answer must be 'no."'' He started like a man who had received his death-blow. It was a full, minute before he spoke again and there was such a world of reproach in his tone that Francesca's heart. sank within her. ' Why then have' you taught me to, love you 3 Aye, Francesca, you don't know what you are doing-you don't know what you have done.' 'Do not blame me too much--do not think too hardly of ine. I shall not escape with out a wound.' There was a little moan in her voice. `She shuddered slightly, almost imper ceptibly, and folded the fleecy shawl more closely round her. .' What is it then, Francesca ? I have a right to know, and I will, for I am sure that you love me-I have seen it in your dear eyes.' He would have drawn her to him, but she *drew back, saying- ' Hush.. You have no right-you must :not talk that way to me. It is sufficient that I ia?t nev?er be'your wife, or the wife of ahy Sor thef oveof Heaven, dear, explain yourself. Another look like that will kill me. Are you turning to stone? is your heart freezing ?' Arthur !' with a superhuman effort she essayed to answer him calmly. ' 3 promised my dying father that 1 would never leave my mother while she lived. She has been an invalid, you know, ever since 1 can remember, and the doctors say she will 'never be any better, although she may live many years yet. But she needs a daughter's care,, and can hardly bear to have me away from her side a moment. Arthur, where duty calls me 1 must go, but- Oh;how can 1 sit here and tell you when 1 think of ' Her self control gave way at last. With a passionate exclamation she buried her face in her hands and then she sobbed aloud. But in a moment she was herself again, brushing the tears away,. angry at her momentary weakness. 'it is all wrong, Francesca. It shall not be-you shall not sacrifice yourself. 1 won't listen to it.' He was desperately in earnest now. He had a dim consciousness that what he held dearest on earth was slowly slipping away from his grasp. Francesca realised in a vague sort of a way that she must summon all her strength for the coming ordeal. The battle would be harder than she had thought. 'It isn't wrong, it is right, and 1 shall de votei al?- my life to this, sacred trust. MyI mother needs me, she has no one else who could ever take my place. You and 1 must go our didrent ways; Forget me-yes, for get me, Arthur, and let some cther woman make you happy,' ' In the sight of God, Francesca, we be long to each other. It is a sin to deliberately cast our lives asunder as you are doing. oar'mother does not need you as I need you. Ah, my dear and only love, come to sme.' She-closed har-ayLfnmorn. moment as if to 'Do not tempt me, do not tempt me, for my heart is breaking even noa.' His voice grew husky in spite of himself as he said ' My darling. What will life be to me without my guiding star What if my bark should be lost, Francesca? is there not a faint glimmer of hope for me in all the coming years ?' ' There is none. We are parting for all time. Perhaps in another world fairer than this, we may meet again.' Her voice sank and died into a murmur. The waves dashed up against the rocks with a hollow roar, and the ever restless sea chanted a requiem over this last sad fare well. We twain have met Like ships upon the sea, To hold an hour's converse, so short, so sweet. One little hour, and then away they speed On lonely paths, Through mist, and cloud, and foam, Perchance to meet no more. Francesca rose to her feet. He caught her hands in his and held them fast. He looked deep into her eyes as if he would read her very soul. 'Francesca, Francesca ! how can 1 let you go?' he exclaimed, in a voice of agony. 'Never to see you again, never to listen to the sound of your voice - it is cruel, very cruel.' She looked away from him. The gnawing pain at her heart was grow ing unbearable. ' Look at me,' he whispered. 'Tell me that you love me before yon go.' She hesitated a moment. Her lips trembled slightly. Then in her. clear, sweet tone she repeated slowly and solemnly ' I love you.' He bent his head as if receiving a bene diction. There was a long silence. Hand in hand they at last descended from the cliffs, back again along the sandy sea shore.' 'I inust take leave of you here,' she said, 'and return to the house alone. It will be better so.' It was twilight now, and d y was fading fast-this day which might have ended so differently for-these two. 'We go back to the city again in the autumn,'she went on. 'There is a great deal of sameness in my life,' with infinite pathcs. 'I have had a position offered me in South America,' he said, abruptly, 'and I think now that I shall accept it. It does not matter much where I go.' 'Ah, do not talk in that way,' she ex claimed. 'See how brave I am trying to be, and do not-at least, try not-to mourn too much. I want you to go out into the world and do yonr part manfully. I could not bear to think of you as fallen by the wayside. It hurts me cruelly to think that I have blighted your life, and I wish from my heart that we two had never met, but fate had decreed otherwise. 1 shall never know happiness, but 1 shall know that I have done my duty. Arthur, there is one thing I can do, I can suffer and be slill. . He shook his head sadly. 'I haven't got to that- just now I can only realise my irreparable loss. After a moment he continued ' There is nothing left to me-nothing,' in :a_hopeless. tone. ' Ah, yes,' she answered, quickly. There is 'suffering, sad humanity' all over the broad land- there is work waiting for you, my more than. brother, and. I know you will do it." She clasped her hands upon his arm, her eyes shining with all the glory of a dauntless. soul in them. ' And now, good-bye. Somewhere, some time, God grant that we may meet again, with no dark shadow between us, in the light of a perfect day, not `looking through a glass darkly,' but then 'face to face,' in some celestial sphere where there shall be no, heart-breakings or partiung any more.' ' My lost Francesca !" He could say no more ' Adieu !' She bent her head suddenly, and, amid' her falling tears; pressed upon his hand one long, lingering kiss. In a second she was gone, speeding away out of sight, over the sands ; while he who. was left stretched out his empty arms to ward' her vanishing figure with a wild cry of' anguish, as: of one in mortal peril. But there was none-to hear, save the re morseless waves, beating and moaning on, the shore. And Francesca, in her wild', homeward; flight, saw nothing, heard nothing, realisedi nothing, save that her heart was dead within, her. Aen ancient fisherman, slowly pacing the beach, started in affright as she sped past: him, and thought he had seen a ghost. Years have passed away. Not once has Francesca's dauntless soul ever faltered by the way. She is still her mother's ministering angel. She is still faithful to her trust, and she per forms her part tenderly and obediently. Her face has taken upon itself a saintly look, and her once dark hair is snowy white; but no word of repining ever escapes her lips. To all appearances she lives a contented, happy life. Time has, in a measure, healed the- old Her every-day existence is. uneventful in the extreme, and so the years pass on, fol lowing fast in the track of those which have gone before. Yet sometimes, in the stillness of the night, a spirit of the past will haunt her, and that summer afternoon seems but yesterday. People call her proud and cold'. They say that she has no heart, and that she is like a beautiful, lifeless statue-a snow image, never betraying any emotion, always icily cal?n. But this is only what the world says, and Francesca has long since ceased to care for the world. Her dauntless soul is looking onward and upward. She never feels a pang of regret. She is simply working and waiting very bravely. Of the goblet of life which was placed to her lips 'That cup of grief Where floats the fennel's bitter leaf,' she drunk freely and unflinchingly. Snrely, in that bright' Land of the Here after'she will find what was denied her on earth-peace and happiness, and the divine glery of rove. 