ALL ALONG THE RIVER. By MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'The Venetians, or All in Honor,' ' Aurora F.'oyd,' 'The Cloven Fob V 'Dead Men'a Shoes,' 'Just as I Am,' 'Taken at the Flood,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and 'Unlike,' ' Weavers and Weft,' &o.;, &o.;, {Published by special-arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. ] Chapter XV (Continued). — Soekow that's Deepee titan we Dbeajl Pebohance. Mr. Baynham accompanied his patient and her husband to Plymouth, where the family adviser of Trelaseo had a long and serious talk with the leading medical light of the great sea port. The result of which— after the bandying about of such words as anaemia, atrophy, family history, hysteria— was briefly communi cated to Colonel Disney in a sentence which struck terror to his heart, carefully as it was couched. It amounted in plain words to this :— We think your wife's condition serious «nough to cause alarm, although there are at present no indications of organic disease. Should her mate ot bodily weakness ana mennaiuBiiioooiuu continue we 'apprehend atrophy or perhaps chronic hysteria. Under' these circumstances we etrongly recommend you to give her a change of soene and a milder winter climate even than that of the west of England. Were ehe living in Scotland or Yorkshire we might eend her to Foweyj but as it is we should advise either a sea voyage or a residence for the rest of the winter at Pau, Biarritz, or on the Riviera. Modern medicine has a high-handed way of Bending patients to the uttermost ends of the earth ; and although Martin Disney thought with a regretful pang of the hotiBe and stables that he had built and beautified for himself, the garden where every shrub was dear, yet he felt grateful to the specialist for not ordering him to take his wife to the banks of the Amazon or to some remote valley in Cashmere. Pau is not far— the Riviera is the beaten track of civilised Europe, the highway road to Naples and the East. He thought of his happy honeymoon, when he and his bright young wife had travelled along that garden of oranges and lemons, between the hills and the sea, and how there had been no shadow on their lives except the shadow of. impending separation, about which they had talked hope fully, trying to believe that a year or two would not seem very loDg, trying to project their thoughts into -that happy future when there should be no more parting. This— this dreary present — was that future which they had pictured as a period of un alloyed bliss. What had the future brought to that hopeful husband going forth at the call of duty— to return in gladdest expectation when his task was done? What but a year and a half of wedded life overshadowed by dis appointment, darkened by vague doubts ? And now came the awful fear of a longer parting than had lain at the end of his last Italian journey. The patient herself was told nothing except that change to a warmer climate would be good for her and that her husband had promised to take her to the sooth soon alter Christmas. ' You will like to go, won't you, Isola ?' he said tenderly, as they drove back to the station alone, leaving Mr. Baynham to follow bis own devices in the town. ' Yon will enjoy peeing the places we saw together when our marriage was stall a new thing f' 'I shall like to go anywhere with you, Martin,' she answered ; ' but is it really neces sary to go away ? I know you love Trelaseo.'- 'Ob, I have the Comiehman's passion for his native soil ; but I am nor. so rooted to it as to pine in exile. I shall be happy enough in the south with my dear youog wife ; especially if I see the roses come back to your cheeks in that land of roses.' ' Bat it will cost you snob a lot of money to take us all away, Martin ; and we could not leave Allegra or the baby. Doctors have Buch expensive ideas.' 'Allegra, and the boy! Must we take them, do you think, love?' ' We could not leave him,' said Isola, hor rified at the bare suggestion, 'and it would be very hard to leave Allegra. She bore all the burden of my illness. She has been so pood and unselfish. And she will so revel in the south*. She has never travelled, she, for whom nature means so much more than it oan for you or me.' ' Well, we will take Allegra and the boy, whose railway ticket will cost nothing, and hie nurse. There is a shot in the locker still, lea, in spite of last year's building operations, which cost agood dea more than I expected. We willall migrate together. Consider that settled. The only question that remains is the direction - in which we shall go. Shall we make for the Pyrenees or the Maritime Alps? Pau and Biarritz, or the Riviera, Hyeres, Cannes, Nice?' Isola was in favor of Pau, but after much consultation of books recording other people's experiences it was finally decided that of all places in the world San Remo was the best winter home for Isola Disney. 'You can take her up to the Engadine in. June,' said Mr. Baynham, who had a super ficial familiarity with the uontinent from hearing bis patients talking about their travels, be himself never having left Cornwall, except for a plunge into the metropolitan vortex during the Cattle Show week. ' Or you may turn the other way and go to Anvergne, unless you want to come home by that time.' c ' I shall do whatever may be best for her — borne or otherwise,' answered Disney. ' You may be sure of that.' The doctor went home to his wife, with whom he always discussed everything, except purely professional matters — there were even occasions when he could not refrain from en larging upon the interesting features of some very pretty case— and was enthusiastic in his praise of Martin Disney. 'I never saw such devotion.' he said. ' Any other man would think it a bore to have to strike his tent at a day's notice and go off to winter at a strange place, among invalids and old women ; but he says never a word of his own inclinations or bis own inconvenience. He positively adores that young woman. I only hope she's worth it.'' 'She's very fond of him, Tom,' replied Mrs. Baynham decisively. 'There was a time when I was rather doubtful about that. She seemed listless and indifferent. But since the baby came she has been growing fonder and fonder of her husband. I flatter myself I am a pretty good judge of countenances and I can read hers. I've seen her face, light up when her husband came into the room. I've seen her go over to him shyly, as if she were Btillin her honeymoon. She's a very sweet creature. I took to her from the first and I Bballbe very grieved if she goes into a de cline.' The doctor shook his head despondently. 'There's nothing to fight with in her case,' lie said, 'and there's very little to fall back upon. I can't make her out. She has gone off just like a girl who was simply fretting herself to death ; and yet if she's fond of her husband what in heaven's name is there for ner to rren anout z 'Nothing,' answered his wife. ' It's just a delicate constitution, that's alL She's like one one of those grape hyaoinths that never will stand upright in a vase. The stem isn't strong enough.' Allegra was all sympathy and affection. She would go with them— yes, to the end of the world. To go to San Remo would be of course delightful. .*' It is a deliriously paintable place, I know,' she said, 'for I have seen bite of the scenery often enough in the exhibitions. I shall work prodigiously and earn a email fortune.' She told her brother in the most delicate way that she meant to pay her own expenses in this Italian tour ; for of course when Isola should be strong enough they would go about a little and see the wonderland of Italy. Martin protested warmly against any such arrangement. ' Then I shall not go,' she exclaimed. ' Do you think me one of the incapable young women' of the old school — unable to earn a sixpence and wanting to be paid for and taken care of like a child ? I would have you to know, eir, that I am one of the young women of the new school, who travel third class, ride on the tops of omnibuses, and earn their own living.'^ ' But I shall take a house at San Remo, Allegra.. Do you expect me to turn innkeeper — charge you for your bed and board?' ' Oh, you are monstronsly proud. You can do as you like in your own house, I suppose. But all travelling and hotel expenses will be my affair, remember that' ' And you don't mind leaving Trelaseo ?' 'I am like Ruth. You are my home and my country. Where thou goest I will go.' .' And Captain Hulbert— how will he like to lose you?' - 'What am I to Captain Hulbert?' she aeKeoj trying to iaugn on me question, duo blushing deeply as she bent over her color box, suddenly interested in the littered contents. 'A great deal, I fancy, though he may not nave found plain speech for his feelings yet awhile. ''^r-1* y°u are not a very foolish person Md there is any foundation' for your absurd idea, Captain Hulbert will know where to find BB: Ho can spread his wings and follow.' . ?^6 V3*!SaT.. Yes« Bhe » P«tty familiar with the bays and bights of the Mediterranean. No doubt he will follow us dear. But I should like him to speak out before we go.' 'Then I'm afraid you will be disappointed. He likes oomrag here— he likes you and Isola and perhaps be likes me pretty well, after a fashion ; i»ut sailors tore notoriously fickle, are *hey»o*T And if he is at all like his brother, lord Loetmrilihlel, who seems to have a dread falTeputataon, judging by the way people talk 'He jb nob like -his brother in character or disposition. If he were I should be very sorry for my Bister to marry him.' 'Have you euoh a very bad opinion of Ms brother?' wked Allegra, shocked and grieved that anyone closely allied to net sailor should bear an evil repute. ' Perhaps' that would be too muoh to say. I know so little about him. I have scarcely seen him since he was a lad — only I have heard things which, have prejudiced me,' continued Disney, lapsing into moody thoughtfulnees. Was it not Mr. Crowther's insolence, -and that alone, which had prejudiced him against Lostwithiel ?— which had made the very name hateful to him? Yes, that was the cause of his aversion. He bad disproved the truth of those insolent insinuations ; he had exploded the covert slander and rebuked the slanderer ; but he had not forgotten. Chapteb XVL — 'No Sudden Fancy of an Ardent Boy.' It was Christmas Eve. All things were arranged for departure on the 27th, which would give time for their arrival at San Remo on New Year's Day. They were to travel by easy stages, by Amiens. Bale, and Lucerne. A good deal of luggage bad been sent off in ad vance and trunks and portmanteaux were packed ready for the Btart, so that the travel lers could take their ease during the few days of Christmas church-going and festivity. Isola'a spirits had improved wonderfully since the journey had been decided upon. ' It seems like beginning a new life, Mar* tin,' she told her husband. ' I feel ever so much better already. I'm afraid Pm ah im postor, and that yon are taking a great deal of unnecessary trouble on my account.' It was suoh a relief to think that she would see Vansittart Crowther no more, that she could wander where she pleased without the hazard of meeting that satyr-like countenance, those pale protruding eyes with malevolent stare— such a Telief to know that she would be in a strange place, where no one would know anything about her or have any inclination to gossip about her. Something of her old gaiety and interest in life revived at the prospect of those new surroundings. They were to put up at an hotel for the first few days, so as to take their time in looking for a villa. Two servants were to go with them — the colonel's coachman and handy-man, who waB an old soldier, and could turn his hand to anything in house or stable or garden ; and the baby's nuiee, a somewhat TawatOTf ul person of seven-aud-twenty from the Father land, surnamed Grunhaupt, but known in the family by her less formidable domestic di minutive Lottohen. Other hirelings would be obtained at San Remo, but these two were in dispensable— Holford, the coachman, to bear all burdens, and Lottohen to take charge of the baby,' to whom life was supposed to be im possible in any other care. It was Christmas Eve— the mildest Christ mas that had been known for a longtime, even in this sheltered corner of the coast. Allegra had been busy all the morning helping in the church decorations, and co-operating with Mr. Colfox in various arrangements for the comfort of the very old and feeble and the invalids among the cottages scattered over the length and breadth of a large parish. She had walked a good many miles and she had stood for an hour in the church, toiling at the deco ration of the font with Christmas roses, ferns, arbutus, and berberis, while the Miss Crowthers lavished the riches of the Glenaveril hothouses upon the pulpit, keep ing themselves studiously aloof from Miss Leland. Not a jot cared Allegra for their reserve. She disliked their father, and she knew that her brother detested him, without having any clear idea of the cause. She was so thoroughly loyal to Martin that she would have deemed it treason to like anyone whom he disliked ; so had the daughters of Glenaveril been the most lovable young women in Cornwall she would have considered it her duty to hold them at arm's length. Glenaveril and all its belong ings were tabooed. She was very tired when she went home at four o'clock, just on the edge of duBk here — pitch dark, no doubt, in London and other great cities, where the poor, pinched faces were 'flitting by in the fitful glare of the gas, intent on buying a Christmas dinner to fit the slenderest resources. Here, in this quiet valley, the reflected sun-glow still brightened sky, sea, land, and river, and the lamp had not yet been lighted in the hall or drawing-room at the Angler's Nest. There was a pleasant alteration of. fire light and shadow in the long double room, the flames leaping up every now and then and lighting wall and bookcase, picture and bust, the Mandarin jars, and the golden storks on the black Japanese screen ; but it was such a capricious light that it did not show her someone sitting in the room in Martin Disney's deep elbow chair, a person who sat and watched her with an ad miring smile, as she flung off her little felt hat and fur cape and stretched her arms above her head in sheer weariness, a graceful, picturesque figure, in her plain brown serge gown, belted round the supple waist and clasped at the throat like Enid's, and with never an orna ment except the oxydiBed silver olafps and the serviceable chatelaine hanging at her side. The tea table was set ready in front of the fire, a large Egyptian brass tray on bamboo legs. But there was no sign of Isola ; so Mies Leland poured out a cup of tea and began to drink it, still unconscious of a pair of dark eyea watching her from the shadow of the big arm chair. 'And am I to have no tea, Mies Leland?' asked a voice out of the darkness. dropped her -cup. 'Good gracious!' she exclaimed. 'How can you startle anyone like that ? How do you know that I have not heart disease?' 'I would as soon suspect the goddess Hygeia of that or any other ailment,' said Captain Hulbert, rising to his full six feet two out of the low chair in the -dark corner by the book case. ' Forgive me for my bearishness in sit ting here while you were in the room. I coujd not resist the temptation to sit and watch you for a minute or two while you were uncon scious. It was like looking at a picture. While you are talking I am so intent upon what you say and what you think that I almost forget to consider what yon are like. To-night I could gaze undistracted.' 'What absolute nonsense you talk,' said Allegra, with the sugar tonga poised above the basin. *? One lump— or two f 'One, two, three — anything you like— up to a million.' 'Do you know that you nearly made me break a tea-cup — one of mother's dear old Worcester tea-cups? I should never have forgiven you.' ' But you forgive me for my stolen contem plation, for sitting in my corner there and admiring you in the firelight?' 'Firelight is very becoming. No doubt I looked better than in the daytime.' * ' And you forgive me V *' I suppose bo. It is hardly worth while to .be angry with you. I shall be a thousand miles away next week. I could not oarry my resentment so far. It would cool on the journey.' 'A thousand miles is not far for the Ven detta, Miss Leland. She would make light of crossing the Pacific — for a worthy motive/' ~' I don't know anything about motives ; but I thought you were fairly established at the Mount and that you had made an end of ?your wanderings.' 1UU JXLUUUV 119 njULy UCUJgUULUl ? X IBigUO say endurable — when I have neighbors at the Angler's Nest.' 'Martin will let this house, perhaps, and you may find his tenants pleasant neigh bors.' *'I am not like the domestic cat. It is not houses I care for, but people. My affections would not transfer themselves to the new tenants.' 'How can you tell that? You think of them to- night as strangers— and they seem intolerable. You would like them after a week aud be warmly attached to them at the end of a month. Why, you have known us for less than three months and we fancy ourselves quite old friends.' 'Oh, Miss Leland, is our friendship only fancy? Will a thousand miles make you forget me?' 'No, we could not any of us be so ungrate ful as to forget you,' answered Allegra, struggling against growing embarrassment, wondering if this tender tone, these vague nothings, were drifting towards a declaration, or were as simply meaningless as much' of the talk between men and women. ' We can't forget how kind you have been and what de lightful excursions we have had on the Vendetta.' 'The Vendetta will be at San Remo when you want her, Allegra. She will be as much at your command there as she has been here, auu uer atuppur wui ua no uiuvu juiu duivd oa he is here— as he has been almost ever sinoe he saw your face.' This wbb not small talk. This meant something very serious, fie had called her Allegra, and she had not reproved him ; he had taken her hand and she had not withdrawn it. In the next instant, she knew not how, his arm was round her waist and her head, weary with the long day's work and anxieties, was resting contentedly on his shoulder, while his lips set their first kiss, tenderly, reverently almost, on her fair broad brow. 'Allegra, this means yes, does it not ? Our lives have flowed on together so peacefully, so happily, since last October. They are to mingle and flow on together to the great sea, are they not, love — the sea of death and eternity.' 'Do you really care for me f 'Do I really adore yon? Yes, dear love. With all my power of adoration.' 'But you must have oared for other girls before now. I can't believe that I am the first.' 'Believe, at least, that you will be the last, as you are the only woman I ever asked to be my wife.' 'Is that really, really tone?' *? It ib true as the needle to the north.' **Yet they say 4hat sailors — -' ' Are generally tolerable 'dancers and popu lar in a ball-room, especially when they are the givers of the ball — that they can talk to pretty women without feeling abashed— and that they contrive to geb through a good deal of flirting without singeing their wings. I have waltzed with a good many nice girls in my time, Allegra, and I have sat out a good many waltzes. Yet I am here at yonr side honestly and devotedly your own, and I have never loved any other woman with the love I feel for you. No other woman has ever held my whole heart— no, not 'for a single hour.' 'You make nice distinctions,' said Allegra, gently disengaging herself from his arm and looking at him with a faint shy smile, very doubtful, yet very anxious to believe. ' I am dreadfully afraid that all this fine talk means nothing more than you would Bay to any of your partners if you happened to be sitting out a waltz.' ' Should I ask any of my partners to be my wife, do you think ?'' 'Oh, you oan withdraw that to- morrow — forget and ignore it. We may both consider it only a kind of under- the mistletoe declara tion, meaning no more than a mistletoe kiss. I believe when English people were domestic and kept Christmas _ the head of the family would have kissed nis cookif he had met her under the mistletoe.' ' Allegra, is it not cruel of you to be jocose when I am so tremendously serious ?' ' What, if I don't believe in your serious ness?' ' Is this only a polite way of refusing me?' he asked, beginning to be offended,- not under standing that this nonsense-talk -was a hasty defence againstr overpowering emotion, that she was not sure of him and was desperately afraid of betraying herself. 'Am- I to understand that you don't care a straw for me?' 'No, no, no,' she cried eagerly, 'as a friend I like you better than anyone else in the world, only I don't want to give you more than friendship till I oan dare to believe' in your love.' ?'Prove it, Allegra,' he cried, clasping her waist again before Bhe was aware. ' Put me to any test or any trial — impose any duty upou ' me — only tell me tbat if I come through the ordeal you will be my wife.' ' Sou are not in a great hurry to fetter yourself. I horje.' ebe said. ' I am in a hurry — I long for those sweet fetters by which your love will hold me. I want to be anchored by my happiness.' ' Give me a year of freedom^ a year for art and earnest work in Italy, a year for Martin and Isola, who both want me and if this night year you are still of the same mind I will be your wife. I will not engage you. You may be as free as air to change your mind and love someone else ; but I will promise to be true to you and to this talk of ours till the year's end — one year from to-night.' ' I accept your sentence, though it is severe ; but I don't aooept my freedom. I am your slave for a year. I shall be your slave when the year is out. ~ I am yours, and yours alone for life. Aud now give me that cup of tea, Allegra, which you have not poured out yet, and let us fancy ourselves Darby and Joan.' ' Darby and Joan,' echoed Allegra, as she filled his cup. 'Must we be like that, old and- prosy, sitting by the fire while life goes by its outside. It seems sad that there should be no alternative between old age and un timely death.' 'It is sad, but the 'world is made so. And then Providence steeps elderly people in a happy hallucination. They generally forget that they are old, or at least they forget that they ever were young, and they find young people so ineffably silly that youth in itself seems despicable. But we have a long life to the good, dear love, before the coming of grey hairs and elderlv nreiudices.' And then he began to talk of ways and means, as if they were going to be married next week. *' We Bhall have enough for bread and cheese, love,' he said. 'lam better off than agood many younger sons ; for a certain old grand mother in our family married with a settle ment which provided for the younger branches. It is quite possible that Lostwithiel may never marry — indeed, he' seems to me very decided again«t matrimony, and in that caeethoBe who come after us must inherit title aud estate in days to come ' ' Pray don't talk so,' said Alleprra horrified. ' It sounds as if you were speculating upou your brother's death.' ' On Lostwithiel'a death ? Not for worlds. God bless him wherever he may be. You don't know how fond we two fellows are of each other. Only when a man is going to be married it behoves him to think seriously. I shall have to talk- to the colonel, remember, and he will expect me to be explicit and busi nesslike.' ' I hope you don't think Martin is merce nary,' said Allegra. 'There never was a man who set less value on money. It wouldn't make any difference to him if you had not a peuny. And as for me, I have a little income from my mother — more than enough to buy frocks and things — and -beyond that I can earn my own living. So you needn't really trouble yourself about me.' There was a touching simplicity in her speech mingled with* slight flavor of audacity, as of an emancipated young woman, which amused her lover, reminding him of a heroine of Merger's, or de Musset's, a brave little grisette, who was willing- to work hard for the menage a deux and who wanted nothing from her lover but love. He looked into the bright, frank face, radiant in the fire-glow, and he told himself that this was just the one woman for whom his heart had kept itself empty, like a temple waiting for its god, in all the years of hie manhood. And now the temple doors had opened wide, the gates had been lifted up, and the goddess had marched to her' place, triumphant and all conquering. The clock on the manttepiece struck six, and the old eight-day dock in the hall fol lowed like a solemn -echo. Captain Hulbert started up. *? So late ! Why, we have been talking for nearly two hours !' he exclaimed, ' and I have a budget of letters to write for tihf-, nip-ht miiH. Good-bve. darlinGr — or I'll say an revoir, for I think I'll walk down again after dinner and geb half-an- honr's chat with Disney, if you don't think it will be too late for me to see him.' 'You know he is always pleased to see you — we are not very, early people — and this is Christmas Eve. We were to sit round the fire and tell ghost stories, don't you remember ?'' : . 'Of course we were. I shall tie here soon after nine, and I shall think over all the grizzly legends-! ever heard as I come down the hilL' He went reluctantly, leaving her standing by the fire — a contemplative figure with downcast eyes. At a little later stage in their engage ment no doubt she would have gone with him to the door, or even out to' the garden gate, for a lingering parting under the stars, but there was a shyness about them both in this sweet dim beginning of their union when it was so strange to each to have any claim upon the other. ' How lightly Bhe took the whole business,' Captain ' Hulbert said to himself as he' went up the hill. 'Yet ber -voice trembled now and then, and her hand was deadly cold when first I clasped it. I think she loves me. A year' — snapping his fingers gaily at the stars — 'what is a year? A year of bliss if it be mostly spent with her. Besides, year-long en gagements are apt to dwindle. I have known such engagements, entered on solemnly like ours to-night,' shrink to six months or less. Why should one linger on the threshold of a new life if one knows it is going to be com pletely happy ?' minutes when Isola came creeping into the room and put her arm round Allegra's neck and kissed her flushed cheek. ' Why, Isa, where have you been hiding all . this evening?' ' I had fallen asleep in my room just half an hour before tea, and when I awoke it was five o'clock, and Lottohen told me you and Captain Hulbert were in the drawing-room. And as I know you two have always so 'much to talk about I thought I wouldn't disturb you. So I let Lottohen make tea for me in the nursery and I stayed there to play with baby. And here you are all alone in the dark,' 'Oh, we had the fire-light— Parker forgot to bring the lamp ' 'And you forgot to ring for it,' Baid Isola, going over to the bow- window and drawing back a curtain. 'What a lovely eky. Who would think it was Christmas -time?' The moon was in her second quarter, Bhin ing brilliantly in the deep purple of a sky almost without a cloud. 'Will you put on your hat and jaoket and come for a. stroll in the garden, lea,' asked Allegra. ' It is a mild, dry night, and I don't think the air can hurt you.' 'Hurt me! It will do me all the good in the world. Yes, I shall be ready in a moment.' They went out into the hall, where Allegra packed her sister-in-law carefully in a warm, fur-bordered jacket, and flung a tartan shawl round her own shoulders. Then they went out into the garden and to the lawn by the river. The moon was shining on the running water, brightly, coldly clear, while the meadows on the opposite bank were wrapped in faint, white mists which made all the landscape seem un real. ' Are you not too tired for walking here after your lonar day, Allegra,' Isola asked when they had gone up and down the path two or three times. ' Tired, no ; I oould walk to Tywardreath, I could walk to the Mausoleum. Shall we go there? The sea must be lovely under that moon.' ' My dearest, it is nearly .seven o'clock and you have been tramping about all day. If you are not very tired you must be very much ex cited, Allegra. I am longing to hear what it ell means.' 'Are you really, now? Do yon care about it, Isola? Can you, who are firmly anchored in the haven of marriage, feel any sentimental interest in other people tossing about on the sea of courtship? Martin is to be told every thing- to-night, bo yon may as well know all about it now. Yon like Captain Hulbert, don't yon, tola?' 'I do, indeed. I like him and believe in him.' ' Thank heaven. I should have been miser able if you had doubted or disliked him. He is to be my husband some day, lea, if Martin approves— bu£not* for a year, at least). Tell me, dear, are you glad V 'Yes, I am very glad. God bless you, Allegra, and make your life happy— and free— from— care.' She broke down with those last faltered words, and Allegra discovered that she was crying. 'My dearest Isa, don't cry. I shall think you are sorry — that you think him ua worthy.' ' No, no, no. It is not that. He is worthy. He is all tbat I could desire in the man who is to be your husband. No, I was only thinking how completely happy you and he must be — bow cloudless your life promises to be. God keep you and guard you, dear. And may you never know the fain of parting with the bus band you love — with your protector and friend — as I have known it.' 'Yes, love, but that all is past and done with. There are to be no more farewells for you and Martin.' 'No, it is past, thank God. Yet one cannot forget. I am very glad Captain Hulbert has left the navy — that his profession cannot call him away from you.' ' No, he is an idle man. I daresay the time will come when I Bhall be plagued with him and be almost obliged to suggest that he should keep racehorses or go on the stock ex change to occupy his time. I have heard women say that it is terrible to have a stayat home husband. Yet Martin is never de trop — but then Martin can bury himself in a book. He has no fidgetty ways.' 'How lightly you talk, Allegra.' 'Perhaps that is because my heart is heavy — heavy not with grief and care, but with the burden of perplexity of surprise, with the fear that comes of a great joy.' 'You do love him then?' Baid Isola earnestly. ' You are glad.' 'I am very glad. I am glad with all my heart.' ' God bless you, dearest. I rejoice in your happiness.' They kissed again, this time with tears on both sides, for Allegra was now quite over come and sobbed out her emotion upon her sister's neck, they two standing clasped in each other's arms beside the river. 'When I am dead, AUegra, remember always that I loved you, and that I rejoiced in your happiness as if it were my own.' ' When you are dead ! How dare you talk like that when we are taking you away to get well and strong and to live ever bo many years beyond your golden wedding ? Was there ever such ingratitude ?' The odor of tobacco stole on the evening air, and they heard Martin's firm tread approach ing along the gravel path. Isola put her arm through his, while Allegra ran into the house, and husband and wife walked up and down two or three times in the darkness, she telling him all about the won derful thing that had happened. 'You are glad, are you not, Martin? As glad as I am.' ' Are you so very glad ?'' ' Yes, for I know that Allegra loves him, has loved him for a long time.' ' Meaning six weeks or so — allowing a fort night for the process of falling m love. Is that what you call a long time, Isola ?' ' Weeks are long sometimes,' Bhe answered slowly, as if her thoughts had wandered in another channel. 'Well, if Allegra is pleased I suppose I ought to be content,' said Disney. ' Hulbert seems a ~ fine frank 'fellow, and I have never heard anything to his discredit. He was popular in the navy, and was considered a man r\f Tna-wirAA a.hilitTr T f^fl.t-Aaa.v nonnln will call him a good match for Allegra, so long as Lostwithiel remains a bachelor.' 'No one can be too good for Allegra, aiid only the best of men can be good enough. If I had my own way I should have liked her to remain always unmarried and to care for nothing but her nephew and you. I should have liked to think of her as always with you.' The triangular dinner party was gayer that evening than it had been for a long time. Isola was in very high spirits, and her husband was delighted at the change from that growing apathy which had frightened him. The ladies had scarcely leftthe table when Captain Hulbert arrived and was*ushered into the dining-room, where Martin Disney was Bmoking his after dinner pipe in the chimney corner — the old chimney corner of that original Angler's NeBt, which had been a humble Homestead two hun dred years ago. The two men shook hands, and then John Hulbert seated himself on the opposite side of the hearth and they began to talk earnestly of the future, Martin Disney speaking with fond affection of the sister who had been to him almost as a daughter. ' Her mother was the sweetest and truest of women,' be said, 'and her father had one of the most refined and delicate natures I ever met within a man. I do not know that he was altogether fitted for the Church. He was wanting in energy and decision, or force of character; but he was a firm believer, pure minded and disinterested, and he was an artist to the tip3 of his fingers. It is from him Allegra inherits her love of art : only while he was content to trifle with art she has worked with all the power of her Btrong, resolute temperament. She inherits that from her mother's line, which was a race of workers, men with whom achievement was a necessity of existence — men who fought, and men' who thought— b word and gown.' Disney smiled at the stern condition of a year's probation which Allegra had imposed upon ber lover. 'Suoh sentenoes are very often remitted,' he said. '1 own to having some hope of mercy,' replied Captain Hulbert. 'People have an idea that May marriages are unlucky ; but it seems to me that June is a capital month for a yachtsman's honeymoon; and if I can per suade my dearest to remit half my period of probation and fix the 1st of June for our wedding, I should be just half a year happier tban I am now.' ' Have you any notion yet what kind of life you are to lead after your marriage. I hope it will not be a roving life— Isola and I would like to have our sister near us.' 'And Allegra and I would like to study your liking,' laughed Hulbert. 'We may wander a little on summer seas, but we will have our fixed abode, and it shall be near you. So long as Lostwithiel is a 'bachelor we can make our home at the Mount ; but fond as I am of that dear old place, I should be glad to see my brother married. There is something wnwH ui Ills puxnuu 1UUUT3 in me , auu X llnvo but too strong reason to fear that he is not a happy man.' 'Have you any idea of the cause of his un happiness?' ' ' Only speculative ideas — mere theories that may be without foundation in fact. I fancy that he has burnt the lamp of life a little too furiously, and that the light has grown dim in the socket. The after-taste of a fiery yonth is the taste of dust and ashea. -There may be memories, too— memories of some past folly — which are vivid enough to poison the present. I know that he is unhappy. I have tried to find out the oause, and it all ends in this — an obstinate reserve on his part, and mere theorising on mine.' 'I have heard that he lived in a bad set after he left the University ?' 'A bad set— yes, that is it. A man who begins life in a oertain circle is like a work man who gets his arm or his leg caught un awares in a machine worked by steam power. In an instant he is entangled past rescue. He is gone. He has taken the wrong road. Ten years afterwards, perhaps, when he is bald and wrinkled, he may pull himself up on the down ward track and try to get rid of a bad reputa tion and make a fresh start ; but those fresh starts rarely end in a winning raoe, I am very sorry for my brother. He is a warm hearted-fellow, with a good deal of talent; aud he ought not to have made a bad thing of his life.' 'Let us hope that he may have pulled up in time, and that he may get a young wife before he is many years older. I have no desire that my Bister's son should be a peer. I only want to see her happy with a husband who Bhall be worthy of her.' (To he continued. ) 