Hours With Great lien AND THEIR WORKS. LEWIS MORRIS AND THE EPIC OP HADESl "The Epio of Hades" is a poem of our own times, addressed by its author to all who love the beautiful and fanciful liteiature of Greece. The writer of the work, Mr. Lewis Morris, was born at Carmarthen, in Wales, and was the eldest son of the late Mr. L. E. Williams Morris, of Carmarthen. He was educated at Cowbridge and Sherborne schools, and at Jesus College, Oxford, where he graduated in 1855 as first-class in classics. IL 1858 he was chancellor's prizeman. He was called to the bar in 1861, and thence to 1880 he prac tised chiefly as conveyancing counsel. It is not as a barrister, but as a poet that he is best known to lovers of literature. . In the years 1871. 1874, and 1875 he published three volumes of lyrics, entitled "Songs of Two Worlds." The Epic of Hades is his greatest work. He tells us that In Februarv, when the dawn was slow, And winds lay still, I gazed upon the fields . " Which stretched before me, lifeless, and the stream Which labored in the distance to the sea, Sullen and cold. No force of fancy took My thought to bloomy June, ^vhen all tho land Lay deep in crested grass and through the dew The landrail brushed, and tho lush banks wero set With strawberries, and the hot noise of bees . ¡. Lulled tho bright flowers. Rather I seemed to move Through that weird land, Hellenic fanoy feigned Beyond the fabled river and,the barque. Of Charon ; and forthwith on every side Rose the thin throng of ghosts. It was natural that the land inhabited by this throng of shadows should be described, and ac cordingly our poet says First through the gloom Of a dark grove I strayed-a sluggish wood, Where scarce the faint fires of the setting stars, Or some cold gleam of half- discovered dawn Might pierce the darkling pines. A twilight drear . Brooded o'er all the depths, and filled the dank And sunken hollows of the rooks with shapes Of terror-beckoning hands and noiseless feet.' Flitting from shade to shade, wide eves that stared . Withliorror, and dumb mouths which seemed to cry, Yet cried not. An ineffable despair Hung over them and that dark world; and took The gazer captive. They seemed alone . Those prisoners, through all time. Each soul shut ???? - fast . '.. . In its own jail of woe, apart, alone, ,t Fer evermore alone; no thought of kin, ' . Or kihdlv human glance, or fellowship Of suffering or of sin, made light the load - Of solitary pain. Ay, though they walked - Together or wero prisoned in one cell With the partners of * their wrong, or with strange souls, > . ............ Which the same furies tore, they knew them not, But suffered still alone. In accordance with the Greek mythology, our poet in his clairvoyant vision saw Full many a dreadful shape of lonely pain, Each phase of woe, Suffering, and torture which the gloomy thought Of* bigots feign for others- all were there.... One there was stretched upon a rolling wheel, Which was the barren ronnd of sense, that Btill Returned upon itself and broke the limbs Bound to it day and night. Others I saw \- Doomed with unoeasing toi', to fill the urns Whose precious waters sank ere they could slake Their burning thirst. Another shapeless soul, Full of revolts and hates and tyrannous force, The weight of earth, which was its earth-born taint, ' ; -Pressed groaning down, while with fierce beak'and r "'claw The vulture of remorse, piercing his breast, Preyed on bis heart. For others, overhead, Great orags of rook impending seemed to fall, But ,fell not nor brought peace. 1 . Feeling ?? his soul blunted with these horrors he yearned to escape to where upon the limits of the wood soins scanty twilight gre w, and so he passed into Hades. Here * , A faint twilight veiled The leafless shadowy trees and herbless plains ; There stirred no breadth of air to wake to life The slumbers of the world. The sk >? above Was one grey changeless cloud. There looked no eye Of life from the veiled heavens; but sleep and death Were round me everywhere. >, The poet was not afraid at beholding the airy nothings of Greek fancy, though, the e hoätswhich rose from every darkling copse showed thin and pale-thinner and paler than those he left in agony. The first personage he.mot was Marayas, the renowned flautist of Gréoian"' folk-lore, "of whom a lively poetic description is given.. .Marayas relates how he came to be posseaaed of his magic flute. He says:" m Once among the Phrygian hills I lay a-musing-while the silly sheep . Wariderodjimong the thyme-upon the bank Of'a- clear mountain stream, beneath the pines Safe hidden from the moon. A dreamy haze Played on the uplands, but the hills were clear In sunlight, and no cloud waa on the sky¿ > ' It waa the time when a deep silence córnea Upon the Bummer earth, and all the birds Have ceased from singing, and the world ia still As midnight, and if any live thing move Some fur-clad creature, or cool-gliding snake Within the pipy overgrowth of weeds; The, ear can catch the rustle, and the trees And earth and air are listening. As I lay, Faintly, as in a dream, I seemed to hear A tender music,-like the Eolian chords, 1 Sound low within the" Woodland, whence the stream > Flowed full; yet silent. Long, with ear to ground, I I hearkened ; and the sweet strain, fuller grown, Bounder and clearer came, and danced along In mirthful measures now, and now grown grave , In dying falls, and sweeter and more olear, Tripping at nuptials and high revelry, Wailing at burials, rapt in soaring thoughts, , Cnanting strange sea tales full of mystery, Touching all ohords of bein g, and life and death, Now rose, now Bank, and always was divine. So strange the music came. i Marsyas lay enraptured listening to the music, ? when suddenly a discord rang and the sound ? grew still. The mnsician evidently did not . understand harmony, for otherwise the strain ? would not have ended with a discord, but rather with the chord of the tonic. There waa, however, ' a flash of light as from a Bunlit iewel, and a noise of water smitten, whilst on the hills a fair white fleece of cloud swiftly climbed into the farthest heaven. Marsyas knew that a goddess had been playing, and as he saw a sudden splendor float upon the stream he made a snatch at it as it was borne along by an eddy, and having seized it found it to be a jewelled flute, which he imme diately applies to hia lipa, and behold With the first breath The first warm human breath, the silent strains, The half drowned notes which late the goddess blew, Revived, and sounded clearer, sweeter far . Than mortal skill could make. Marsyas was BO enraptured with his new flute that he neglected his sheep, lived for his art and nought else, and finally became so bold and con ceited that he challenged Apollo, the god of song. The challenge was accepted. 'Twas a fair day When sudden, on the mountain side, I saw - A train of fleeoy clouds in a white band Descending. Down the gleaming pinnacles And difficult crags they floated, and the arch, Drawn with its thousand rays against the sun, Hung like a glory o'er them. 'Midst the pines They olothed themselves with form, and straight I knew The immortals. Young Apollo with his lyre, Kissed by the sun, and all the muses clad '?' In robes of gleaming white ; then a great fear, Yet mixed with joy, assailed me, for I knew Myself a mortal equall'd with the gods. He has very many doubts respecting the issue of the contest, as well he might have, for he was only a mortal and bis opponent was a god, and hence the contest was very unequal. He played, however, and the muses fairly approved of his performance. He says: For all the strains I blew were strains of love Love striving, love triumphant, love that lies Within beloved arms, and wreaths his looks With flowers, and lets the world go by and sings Unheeding ; and I saw a kindly gleam Within the muses, who were indeed Women though god-like. But upon the face Of the young Sun-god only haughty scorn Sate, and he swiftly struok his golden lyre And played the song of life ; and lo I knew - My strain how earthy. Oh to hear the young Apollo playing ! And the hidden oells And ohambers of the universe displayed Before the charmed sound ! I seemed to float In Borne enchanted cave, where the wave dips In from the sunlit sea, and floods its depths With reflex views of heaven. He thought no more of victory, but the mnseB having some doubt as to whether his playing wan not better than Apollo's Upon the Sun-god'B face There passed a cold proud smile. He swept his lyro Once more, then laid it down, and with clear voice The voice of godhead Bang. Oh! ecstasy, Oh happiness of him who once has heard . Apollo singing ! For his ears the sound Of grosser music dies, and ah the earth .'. ;Is full of subtle undertones, which change The listener and transform him. As be sang Of what I know not, but the musio touched ¡Each chord of being-I felt my secret life -Stand open to it, as the parohed earth yawns To drink the summer rain ; and at the call Of those refreshing waters; all my thought Stir from its dark and secret depths, and burst Into sweet odorous flowers, and from their wells Deep call to deep, arid all the mystery .. Of all that is laid open. As he sang, I saw the nine with lovely pitying eyes Sign "he has conquered." Yet I felt no pang Of fear, only deep joy that I had heard -? . Such musio while I lived, even though it brought Torture and death. And so it did, for Apollo to punish M irsyas for presuming to compete with a god, bound the poor defeated musician to a pine tree, and then with cruel stripes flayed him alive and killed bim. Of course Marsyas entered Hades, where Mr. Lewis Morris, during his recent visit to that shady region, Baw him, not objectively, but in his mind's eye. The extracts we have taken from that section of the epic that ia devoted to the exploits of Marsyas'are Only fair average samples of Mr. Morrie's style, and not superior to other passages which might be quoted from almost any part of the work. The style throughout is dignified, chaste, and spirited. Here is a beautiful .and truly poetic description of Olympus, the residence of the gods. A springtide land It seemed, where east winds carne not. Sweetest song Was everywhere, by glade or sunny plain ; And through the golden valleys winding streams Rippled in glancing silver; and above The blue hills rose, and over all a peak, White, awful, with a constant fleece of cloud Veiling its summit towered. ?. "Unfailing day . Lighted it, for no turn of dawn and eve : i ; Came there, nor ohauging seasons, but a broad . ? Fixed joy of being, undisturbed by time. There in a happy glade shut in by groves Of laurel and sweet myrtle, on a green And flower-lit lawn I seemed to see the ghosts Of tue old gods. Upon the gentle slope Of a fair hill, a joyous company, The immortals lay. A murmurous stream' Fell through the flowers ; below them space on space, Laughed the immeasurable plains ; beyond, ' The mystic mountain soared. Height after height Of bare rock ledges left the olimbing pines, And reared their giddy shining terraces Into, the ethereal air; Above the snow Of the white summit cleft the fleece of oloud Which always clothed it round. In that fair land of dreams and sunshine, of fleecy clouds and snow, and of course .above the snow and clouds dwelt Artemis, Heracles, Aphro dite, Athene, Here, Apollo, and other gods and goddesses, along with Zeus, prime ruler of gods, men, and all other things. All these, as well as all the unfortunates, our poet met in Hades are described by him with a dignified pathos and simplicity which have won for him a high niche in the temple of fame. The Greek fables shadowed forth the frailties, passions, and pro clivities of our common human nature. Mr. Morris sets this idea forth in the concluding page of his poem ; Nay evermore All things and thoughts, both new and old, were writ Upon the unchanging human heart and soul. Has passion still no prisoners ? And further on he says The weary woman, Sunk deep in ease and Bated with her life, Much loved, and yet unloving, pines to-day As Helen ; still the poet strives and sings, And hears Apollo's music, and grows dumb, And suffers, yet is' happy ; still the young ' Fond dreamer seeks his high ideal of love, And finds her name is Death ; still doth the fair . And innocent life, bound naked to the rock, Redeem the race ; still the gay tempter goes And leaves his victims, stone ; still doth pain bind Men's souls in closer links of lovingness, Than death itself can sever ; Btill the sight Of too great beauty blinds us, and we lose The sense of earthly splendor. The human world ÍB now much the same sort of world it was in the days of the Greeks. The human race was then young, and it is still in the same condition. In the words of our poet For while a youth is lost in soaring thought, And while a maid grows sweet and beautiful, And while a spring-tide coming lights the earth, And while a child, and while a flower ia born, And while one wrong cries for redress and finds . A soul to answer, still tho world is young. It is supposed br many that Mr. Morris will be appointed to fill the post rendered vacant by the lamented death of the illustrious Tennyson. Should such an appointment be made the new Laureate will not disgrace the traditions of the laureateship. We are reminded by Mrs. Sheridan Moore that in our remarks on Henry Kendall and|his poems we omitted to state that it was her late husband. Mr. Sheridan Moore, who instructed Kendall in classics, brought him out, introduced him to Michael and Stenhouse, and edited the . firBt volume of his poems. i \- I 