ILLUSTRATED LONDON LETTER. THE CASTLE OF FREDENSBORG. The old castle of Fredensborg, twenty miles north of Copen hagen, is just now receiving a host of Continental royalties, who are staying with the King and Queen of Denmark. Among the visitors are the Princess of Wales and the King of Greece. Fredensborg, '' the Castle of Peace," received its name because in its great hall in 1720 was signed the treaty of peace between Denmark and Sweden. It was originally planned as a summer cottage for King Frederick IV. and his Queen, who had been accustomed to drive over from Fredericksborg, dine at a farm-house, and fish in the lake of Esrom. The summer cottage which they projected by the shores of the lake had to be enlarged to receive the maids of honour, and further additions to the original plan were necessitated by the extent of their suite, until the present palace was the final result. It is a comfortable but not beautiful residence — a two-storeyed edifice of brick with stone copings, white-washed like a barracks. Its entrance hall is eight feet in height, and is surrounded by a stone and marble gallery. Its rooms, which are many, contain decorations in plaster of exceptional merit, and there is some fine old marqueterie furniture. Among its curiosities is a frame like a Venetian blind, on which are the portraits of the sovereigns of Europe, each on a triangular slat of wood. There is a narrow well staircase, which has a ghost of its own. A certain German margravine in the middle of the last century fell down the staircase, and now her ghost appears there periodically. At one time the castle was a sort of Danish Hampton Court, its rooms being lent to poor members of the nobility. It has a royal chapel, where the sexes aTe separated, and each member of the royal household has his pew, carefully labelled with his rank and precedence. There are beautiful grounds laid out in the old French style, with statues and avenues of limes, and running down to the native woods which fringe the lake. There are statues by Wiedewelt, the predecessor of Thorwaldsen, and in the Marble Gardens are many small statues of not much merit, by Stanley, an English sculptor. A singular feature of the grounds is the Norwegian amphitheatre in three tiers, containing a series of statues attired in the national costumes. The work is 1 20 years old, and already the costume of peasant, merchant, soldier, &c.;, has so changed that the amphitheatre is much prized for its antiquarian value. The Danish royal family, and its kinsmen and kinswomen, who gather at these summer visits, are fond of an open-air life, and the beech and linden avenues, which radiate from the palace, and the boating and fishing to be obtained on the lake are rural pleasures, which those whose life is mainly spent in courts naturally appreciate. Not far away in the Sound is the Island of Hveen, which has just been visited by the royal party. It was the residence of Tycho Brahe, the astronomer, who built there an observatory, of which little trace now remains. Hveen is six miles in circumference, and has a population of 800. Near it the Battle of Copenhagen took place, when Nelson turned his blind eye to the Admiral's signal and went on fighting. 