ANGLICAN SYNOD. TUESDAY, APRIL 11. The second cession of the 12th Synod of the Diocese of Tasmania was opened in St. David's Schoolroom, Hobart, to-day, by Bishop Montgomery. in the morning, at 11 o'clock, Holy Communion was celebrated in the Cathedral, the Bishop, assisted by Dean Dundas, being the celebrant. The Bishop took the chair at 2.30 p.m., and was accompanied by Dean Dundas, Canon Banks-Smith, Canon Adams, Canon Beresford, the Chancellor of the Diocese (His Honor Mr. Justice Adams), the Church Advocate (Mr. K. J. Lucas), and the Chairman of Committees (Mr. W. Tarleton). Prayer was offered by Canon ADAMS. The lay representatives were then pc sented to the Bishop, signed the declaration, and delivered the same to the President. The roll was called by the Secretary (Mr. R. Shirley Hales), which showed there were, 40 clergy and 34 lay members present. i A PERSONAL MATTER. Leave was given to Mr. James BARNARD to refer to a personal matter, and then, in a few graceful sentences he returned thanks to the Synod for the expressions of sympathy with him in his severe indisposition, which were made during last session. (Applause.) SESSIONAL ORDERS. On the motion of Mr. ST. TARLETON it was made a sessional order as to the hours of meeting, and adjourning, as follows: " That the Synod meet daily at 2.30 p.m., and adjourn for an hour and a quarter at 6 p.m.; but as to this first sitting, the Synod upon its rising at 8 o'clock adjourn until 2 30 to-morrow, on account of the evening service at the Cathedral." REPORTS. Rev. W. H. ROOT presented a report of the Select Committee appointed to take into consider tion the Clergy Superannuation Act. The report stated that, " Shortly after the closing of the last session of -'synod negotiations were opened with Mr. Teece, the General Manager and Actuary of the A.M. PS. Athis request certain statistics were forwarded him, and he offered to investigate and report on the scheme free of charge. The scheme formulated by him has been embodied in a bill to be presented to the present session of Synod," Mr. F. BELSTEAD, in the unavoidable absence of Canon Finnis, presented the report of the Select Committee appointed to consider the necessary amendments in the regulations of churchwardens. Rev. Canon ADAMS, as Treasurer, presented a list of collections in aid of the New Guinea Mission, and his report thereon. The reports were ordered to be printed, and the first two to be made Orders of the Day for the morrow. NOTICES Of MOTION. Rev G. BANKS SMITH to move, on Wed- nesday -That the resolutions on Missions (see Digest, page 95, be amended as follows: -That a secretary to the Board of Missions be appointed, one of whose duties shall be to report to Synod the result of all efforts made by the diocese in aid of Church Missions. The appointment to be made by ballot. That resolution 4 be repealed, and the following substituted for it: That this highly expedient that this Diocesan Church should, in some formal and systematic manner, recognise the duty of aiding in the support of Christian missions that the Bishop be asked by annual circular to request every clergyman in the diocese to make, and every clergyman shall make, on or about Whitsun- tide, a collection in every place of worship within his cure on behalf of Christian missions that such collection be remitted through the Secretary of the Synod to the Melanesian Mission, to the Furneaux Mission, or the mission to New Guinea, as the clergy and churchwardens in each parish shall determine." Rev. G. BANKS SMITH to move That in the opinion of this Synod it is extremely desirable that lessons on the subject of temperance should be given in the State schools of the colony. THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS. The BISHOP then delivered his annual address. He said : - My reverend brethren, and brethren of the laity, the idea I put before myself in my address to Synod is a comprehensive one I would not willingly omit to mention to you any leading event in that large body of which we form a part, the Church in Australia and Tasmania. There are also some still greater questions affecting the whole Church and humanity at large, which I must face and study, and, with all humility, lay the results of my best thoughts before you at the commencement of our solemn session. Lastly, and as something that touches us all, I should be unworthy my position if I could not feel the pulse of the diocese for you and mark the lessons taught by statistics and by the work of clergy and laity alike. No one can have so comprehensive a view of our common life than I and no one should speak so sympathetically of all earnest workers as the occupant of this chair. The Diocese Let me reverse the order of these subjects, and lay before you first a summary of the work of the diocese. Taken together in large masses, I value highly the lessons taught by our statistics and I cannot urge too strongly upon you the necessity for making them up carefully. Every active incumbent would desire to know for his own sake all that those returns told him of the progress of his own parish, nor can he fail to be anxious to hear the results obtained by their abrogated for the sake of the welfare of the diocese. We have had but few changes in our staff of clergy. The Rev. H. Davis has returned to England. Death has deprived us of one of our oldest and most respected brethren. The Rev. H. Garrard, after spend- ing a lifetime in the Church's work at Mac quit in Plains, has been gathered to his room, striving to do his duty to the last, although ill-health made effort painful. There is no one in Synod who does not feel shame at the thought that the diocese, having practically no Pension Fund, could not assist him to spend his last days in well-earned rest. One other death had taken from us, the Rev. S. B. Fooks, lone- known and tone; reverenced among the clergy and laity of the diocese. Two clergy have joined us. The Rev. W. H. Webster is brought strength to Holy Trinity, Li.-..¿eaton, and the Rev. R. M. Turnbull is doing a vigorous work at Macquarie Plains, and is a welcome link between us and that venture of faith sa reverenced among us : I mean the Melanesian Mission. Movements, however, within the diocese have been numerous. Bothwell, Deloraine, Forth and Leven, Scottsdale, Swansea, Circular Head, St. Leonard's, North, Waratah, Macquarie Plains, have all changed their, pastors. Nothing, I think, since I came among you has given me greater anxiety than these changes. Two lessons have been gained. First, that the Patronage Council moves slowly, and sometimes exhibits an inability to come to a conclusion, inherent perhaps in all action by committees. I have nothing to suggest on the general question. I have merely learnt that when the Council is called upon to act I may have to possess my soul in sympathetic patience. There is one detail, however, to which I desire to call the attention of Synod. When the Council, for good reasons, does not see its way to make an appointment it seems to be precluded from surrendering its powers to the Bishop. Only the lapse of time can give the Bishop a free band and I need not enlarge upon the injury that a parish can sustain when it has been four months without a recognised incumbent. The other lesson which I have learnt from those changes is one which has inspired me with the deepest thankfulness, and has filled me with an honest pride in the spirit of your clergy. In more than one case I have called upon clergymen to leave parishes where they were happy and deservedly loved by their people in order to begin again among strangers. I have held out no material inducements, deem- ing it unnecessary, and, indeed, degrading to the spirit of the men I approached, I simply called upon them to act as soldiers should, and to go where they were sent, because I bel loved It to be best for the good of the diocese, after earnest prayer to be guided aright. It is a joy to me to tell you that my appeal was instantly accepted ; our brothers at once broke the ties of past years in obedience to their Bishop, desiring no praise for their action ; but here from this chair, I wish to say a "Happy is the diocese which possesses such soldier spirits, where, in the view of its sons, duty comes first, and personal comfort is not weighed in the balance." We want to make it clear that all the clergy are ready to go anywhere i it is not only the worker in the foreign mission field who is prompt to obey a call, but the parsonages of Tasmania contain men, and women too, who, though they have a right to stay among their people, though they are implored by their flocks not to leave the guardianship of those whom they have built up in the faith, yet can obey the higher call for the welfare of the whole body. Gentlemen, I shall, for my part, always act in this manner. I warn you that if you give me the right to appoint to any of your parishes I shall not hesitate to rob other centres if this step is needed, working for the good of - all, and believing that by the good hand of God upon me I may build up the whole Church, and neglect none of you. - if you ask me where in the last 18 months the most marked development of the Church's work has appeared, I point, you to the district around George's Bay. I ask you to encourage our brother in that district in his gallant and was carrying labours. Nor when we meet next year in Synod will you grudge the request I shall take to put this district upon the General Fund. I be done what I could from other aniucc3)iUut.I can continue . my aid for the year only. 1 The following churches have either bconI>conaoçra1ted, or non least.,fnjly Tree; Glen lite. Con in a, South Arm Whitefoord Hills, Dei liv. Barren Marie, Longley, Copping!on,and MI.ihm-K11 in al). Par snags have been erected at ShaOtU and Longford, schools at Glenorchy and Queen ? borough. And I have ordained three deacons for subordinate officers in our parishes-the Revs H. F. Plant, F. G. Copeland, and H. de Coetlogon. If you wish to place your finger upon the spots that most need our aliens tion, you must turn your attention to our cities. There can be no question that few people are not being tended in that area of Hobart that lies between St. David's Cathedral and Holy Trinity, Hobart, and though hundreds of our children are baptised in our churches, they are not present in our Sunday schools, because there is no building has ciently close to their homes. There is room for a separate parish, I believe, in this locality. Certainly a clergyman should be placed here with a free hand, and work hearty support, even if his district is noted nally attached to one of the older parishes . No new district such as this would he ever prosperous when it merely re- serves the ministrations of the divided time of several curates. No one ages. can know the present position of the Church in Launceston without noting the grievous lack of clergy. At least three more are needed if we are to tend the people baptised in our churches, and claiming to be our meeting here. Both in Hobart and Launceston the ' work connected with hospitals, gaols, homes, and State schools, is a most serious burden upon the clergy, nor do I but if we that their labours are realised by the Church at large, though they are our glory and our delight. Nothing would be more gratifying to me that at a full discussion in Synod of the Church's needs in Hobart and Launceston. Indeed, I have been seriously alarmed at the signs of overwork among our city clergy. At the moment the incumbents of New Town, Holy "I Trinity, and St John's, Hobart, are all away under medical orders to avert consequences of a most serious nature, brought on by the strain of years of overwork, for ain't free) from anxiety with regard to the clergy of Launceston if the number of the clergy is not soon increased. Next to our cities the North-West Coast is our chief centre of interest. I have recognised this in the most dray track manner by asking the Rev. A. Boston! whose praise is in the churches, to make Ulverstone the centre of Church life in the, region, and I have asked him to accept canopy, that he may carry with him what ' dignity we can bestow, not only as a recogni- tion of his past work, but an augury of that which we confidently expect of him in the future One well loved form we miss to-day It is our hope and prayer that Archdeacon Mason may return to us soon restored to health. and able to give us the benefit of his ripe common sense. Statistics. hot us now learn such lessons as statistics can teach us of the work of last year. The first item is a painful one. Parishes have decreased their contributions to their clergy by the sum of £540. On the other hand, the total of all collections in churches have increased by £250. I leave you to draw deductions. There are 11 men licensed churches this year, and 5 more in consecrated buildings used for worship; ' 422 additional Sunday services have been held, and an increase of IDG on week days. Public celebrations of Holy Com musical have increased by 212. Baptisms have increased by 125 the total being 2,307. It is gratifying to me to find that though I was absent from the diocese for four and a half months last year, yet the confirmations an no less ; as as fact, there is an increase of two. To those interested in little indications of change of fashion, I would point out that > ; marriages by banns have increased from 6 to 13, and marriage by license have decreased from 290 to 272. Burials have increased by SO. With regard to our Sunday schools. & will be gratifying to all to mark the steady upward trend ; 532 is the increase in the rear, with an addition of 17 to our list of teachers. But surely the increase is not really remarkable. Consider the number of baptisms, and ask yourselves how many of these commons for instruction, and how many stray into other folds because they are neglected by ourselves t The clergy will know that I have asked them for several returns which are not upon the printed list. They are all india worthy of notice. It is important to know not only how many communicants, approval. mately, we have, but also whether our com- municants are steadily making an increased' use of their privileges. Every pastor watches this sign in his own parish if he is really business-like and alive. The number of our communicants is more fully returned than it used to be I suppose it is partly this which enables me to announce arise, an increase of 785 communicants in the return of 1802 above the number given for 1891. The question then, has to be asked, how often these com- municants communicated, adding up their attendances at the Lord's Table into one total. The return is strangely misunderstood, and is far from complete yet, but the answer given this year is that their attendances of 4,400 communicants in 1892 were 28,687. As an instance of the absurdities which are possible through misunderstandings, I give two examples. One parish, with 140 communicants and 49 celebrations, gives 49 also as the aggregate number of communions made. Another with 27 communicants at 05 celebrations, returns 37 as the number of aggregate communions. The right course is, for instance, this from one parish : 250 communicants, 61 celebrations, 2.697 communions made. It is evident that fluctuations in this return are no bad index of the use of the great means of grace appointed by our blessed Lord. One new venture begun silently, but with a true zeal, is the Hobart Lay Missioners' Association. It is a body of young men, their seem otary being the Rev. H. H. Anderson, who are ready to hold services anywhere at the request of any incumbent, and working under a special form of license from myself. They attend a class of instruction also every week. In some six months they have hold 71 senses, and have reached localities near Hobart where the Church's ministrations were sorely needed among her own people. A return, which is of extreme value, has not been commented before in the Bishop's Synod address. I mean that which refers to religions teaching in our State schools. The amount of instruction given is large, and I thank- fully recognise the willing labours of the clergy. I do not wish to minimise the good effect produced by our Sunday schools, especially by the influence of personal character upon our children ; but the very least I can say is, that the teaching in the State schools is every whit as important as that given in the Sunday schools, and as many more hours can be spent in State schools than in Sunday-school work, I look upon this department of work as of quite priceless value. Synod will be surprised to hear of the extent of the work so done, at plying an amount of concentrated effort not easily computed. St. George's, Hobart, heads the list with 140 instructions in the year. The total number of classes taken in the 12 months in 1863. Not a single parish in the Southern Archdeaconry has failed to give instruction; five in the Northern Arch- deaconry have failed in this most important duty. I have taken " no returns " to moan work not done. Most earnestly do I pray for a blessing upon this work, and I calton the Church at large to recognise the amount of labour thus tabulated, work which is of infinite value in Christian training, but which lies beneath the surface, as so much of our best efforts must over do. This return of State school teaching, on which I have commented, is really for the year 1891, the later statistics not being yet quite complete. I have been unable to undertake in 1802 any viva voce examinations. Mr. Woolnough's report on the written examinations in before Synod. One special point which he makes I desire to emphasise. Our Sunday-school teachers need to be led on to a fuller grasp of Bible knowledge and to wider views of God's ways in the education of the human race. It is clear that they should be encouraged to read something more than notes on passages of the Bible. There are many works suitable for the purpose, and it seems to me that our Lay Readers' Library might enlarge its bounds and embrace Sun day-school teachers, who, for a small yearly sum, could then have access to books which would fascinate them by their large grasp of . sacred subjects, and remedy the defects to which I have alluded. My own work in 1892 took me away a great deal from Hobart, in addition to an absence of four and a half months on my Melanesian tour. I confirmed GSO candidates in 49 centres, excluding work in Melanesia. In concluding this survey of the diocese, let me call your attention to two parts of it differing as widely at possible from each other. First, S. David's Cathedral. It is our hope that the beautiful and spacious chancel and side chapel and large vestries will be completed this year, and that you will be invited to the consecration of those buildings early in 1894. It is my conviction that you will not recognise the Cathedral when it is opened ; the addition is that of a head to a body, and the effect will be startling. It must be a cause of thankfulness to us all that I , work begun some 20 years ago should be at length finished, and one reproach at least will be rolled away from us. As we have desired to give of our best to deal', cause, as we, who like beautiful house for ourselves. do not like to relegate the worship of God is incomplete or inadequate buildings, to note- we trust that chancel, nave and aisles may all result in a more complete unity of purpose among ourselves, and tell of a diocese grow- ing yearly stronger in spiritual force. I trust, also, that churchmen will give up their practical sympathy in these days of commercial depression. When contractors announce that they are about to complete their work months before the specified time, and when we had calculated to gather our money in at the expected time of opening, and net ' sooner, we look for aid to i id over the fees- ' poiaxyperplexity,and tax shall not look in vain.' Now pass with me to 4 very different scene from the Cathedral of the diocese the Barren' '. Island. The community residing there, composed almost entirely of half castes, have built a beautiful church free of all cost, giving their labour, without payment, for months, It has been reserved for the descendants of the old Tasmanian race to set such an example to the .' diocese, and I believe you will heartily rejoice over this pleasant record of Church work. Of ithefllOfor which I made my talk liable for! <s materials, some £20- is still -awfully THE to , L'; Church of the Epiphany in Barren ItMhd & stands with open doors night and day. On pariah on the mainland hat sent an altar cloth at a token of good-will. The 40 coal merchants were all present at the shaft's table whilst I was on the Island. The school flourished and when, next January, the half caste children march with their banner into the completed Cathedral in line with their white' brothers and sisters, and with their effects to the Cathedral Fund, they will receive, I know, the heartiest of welcomes : the old Tasmanian race shall take their places among us, and to claim their part in the Cathedral, and we will do for them what we can in the name of Him "Who has made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth." I have not yet mentioned a department of our work necessarily secret in its action, but all the more dear to our hearts. You are aw J re that the House of Mercy in Hobart is still doing its duty, and is still being abundantly blessed, though there are incessant anxieties, and there is need for constant watchfulness. No effort in the name of Christ, Who loves all sin neis,aoedsnioreprayer]anda firmer resting on Divine strength. But the North has also now its inspiring task at Hope Cottage It is not the same work, but it has its analogies. It brings a heavy strain upon a few devoted people, but it will also bring its rich blessing to those who work. I commend both institutions to your practical sympathy. Two more ventures, one in the North and one in the South, I just allude to here. We have welcomed the Sisters of the Church to Hobart for the opening of a definite Church of England Girls' School. It seems as if the boys were remembered long ago in this respect both in Hobart and Launceston, but the girls of the Church of England were forgotten, and have at present no high school in either place, though I can speak highly of the Ladies' College in Hobart, on the Council of which I have a seat, and in whose welfare I am deeply interested. At the same time there is certainly room alongside of it of a Church of England Girls' High School, and this will surely come since a beGInning has in a sense already been made. he other new organisation, at present in its infancy, is that connected with a probationer Deaconess. Until the last moment I was puzzled where so unexceptionable a movement, should first take root, until it came upon, me as a sort of inspiration, that our northern city should have the benefit of this new force for good. Miss Shoobridge is at S resent a probationer connected with the [Melbourne Deaconess Association, but I shall be glad when we can have such an institution firmly established in our own diocese. Such a step will not be taken without the approval of Synod first. All such movements, before they become diocesan, should have the sanction of the great Council of the Church in this diocese. The Dioceses of Australia. Pass we on now to a wider field. The Church in Australia is to be congratulated upon the accession of Bishop Chalmers to the Episcopal Bench, and Goulburn will see days of increasing prosperity. Brisbane has at length been divided, and Rockhampton has its own Bishop the infant diocese in presided over by one well known already by Bishop Dawes, who has won a place in the esteem of Church- men as Assistant Bishop in the undivided area. - You will also wish to know officially the result of the voting in the various dioceses on the Acts of the last Session of General Synod. Those Acts have passed into law (because they have been accepted by all the dioceses), with the exception of two. I regret to say that the new rules regarding the election to the Primacy have been no acted by the Diocese of Sydney, though they have been accepted by all the others. The Act constituting an Australian School of Theology has been rejected by Perth and Bathurst These facts have not been officially announced to me, but I believe I am correct in my statements. I regret also that our motion last year regarding the formation of a province, including Victoria and Tasmania, and also, if possible, South Australia, has not met with success. There has always been a difficulty in uniting for Church purposes colonies 1 which differ from one another in their civil legislation ; this objection we were prepared for, and we cannot ignore its force but it has been a source of deeper regret to me to learn that the Bishop of Melbourne discourages the formation of a province, on general grounds, in this Hemisphere. He alleges as his reason that after watching the action of the province of New South Wales he has not been struck with the results obtained. Whether the Bishop's conclusions on the special point are just I am not prepared to say at this moment. But there are other provinces of the Church besides that of New South Wales, and for my part I long for the day when we may have closer union with neighbouring dioceses; not only would it strengthen, in my opinion, the dioceses so incorporated, but provinces composed of united and earnest Churchmen, and presided over by sympathetic and broad-minded leaders, would make the session of General Synod doubly useful by familiarising us with great questions, and making us better known to each other. Surely it is by combining as provinces first in movements such as Pension Funds, Church Schools, Theological Colleges, and religious education that we shall gain at last the higher unit. We do not give up hope. I wish, indeed, that I were able to tell you not only how the southern province farid, but how the whole Continent moves and is inspired by spiritual life. Full details of our own Church Ufo here make me cry out for a voice which could yearly gather up into one view all the efforts of all our dioceses. That, too, will come some day, when a Primate has the time at his disposal to bring us all together and fire us with a desire to help each other, losing our own immediate interests in the larger horizon of our hemisphere. Even our diocesan system becomes a drag and a hindrance unless it passes on into a wider circle of sympathy and mutual co-operation. Foreign Missions feel I ought to render you an account of my stewardship to- day under this head, though in the briefest words. . Last year you sent me to Melanesia, I went and studied as thoroughly as I could the problems I met with. I learnt to reverence the lines upon which that famous mission had been planned, I learnt also that the success of the past renders necessary front developments in the future. Norfolk Island may not be the only centre. School. may multiply by hundreds in the Solomons, and bring the Southern Cross yearly to within 200 miles of our outpost in New Guinea. It seems an obvious inference that missions in the South Seas would pain in unity and general organisa- tion if the circle of islands from the not thorn Kew Hebrides to New Guinea could be placed under one Bishop. Certain it is that no Missions of the Church can prosper without Episcopal supervision so long as we believe in three orders of ministry and all apostolic means of grace. Whether Fiji can again be included under the same Bishop is a more difficult question. If it were, it would be necessary to plant, say, a Dean at Norfolk Island, an Archdeacon in New Guinea, and another in Melanesia proper. It is easy to see the difficulties to be overcome before we can rise to such unity as I have indicated. New Guinea is under the auspices of the Church in Australia and Tasmania. Melanesia is in the province of New Zealand. Fiji is under the Bishop of London. Beyond Fiji again there are people of ours in Samoa and Tonga, and other islands, who are at present being starved of their regular means of grace. They have come to chaplains on our men-of-war, implor- ing them for a celebration of Holy Communion. I have been credited with saying that a Bishop is needed for Fiji : it is more true to assert that I believe Episcopal supervision to be necessary for all our people throughout these regions. But the time has not come for a separate Bishop. For a few years longer the Bishops of New Zealand and of Australia must see that no single member of the Church is neglected. You know already that I confirmed 37 Norfolk Islanders (ex Pitcairners), 214 Melanesians of the mission, and 73 Solomon Islanders in Fiji ; ordained one deacon for the mission, and landed on every island where it is at work. My visit to Fiji revealed to me what can be done in the work of conversion among the plantations, where good men are in earnest, and I believe that some of the most difficult of the islanders can be reached more easily in Queensland or Fiji than in their own homes. I am convinced that if there were a thorough inter- communication between plantations and missions mutual benefit would ensue, and change of scene might effect what nothing else would. In the past, it has been too much the custom for missionaries to look upon their people as lost when they recruit themselves on a labour vessel. In the future, I believe Christian influence will be exerted at both ends, and as little leakage as possible will be permitted from lack of correspondence. From these reflections it will be evident that I have no prejudice against the labour traffic, so long as it is conducted so carefully at at the present time. The natives throughout the islands are unquestionably familiar with all the details, and do not object to engage themselves. Let Christian people bestir themselves in Queensland, and I have no fear of the results, for the conscience of the colony has been stirred, and the dark and dreadful crimes of old can be no longer perpetrated. I cannot close this survey of our own mission field without reminding you of two of our most pressing duties-our care, at a Christian Church, for the Aborigines, of Australia and for the Chinese who live among us. I believe there are more than 1,000 Chinese in our colony, and the great majority of these are in the north- east of our diocese. Men may well coff also for tending our money to India and Africa and China if we neglected the heathen, at our door. The time has come, gentlemen, when we must have one missionary to the Chinese in our own land, and I should be glad if there were a debate upon the whole question in Synod. The "Gleaners Union" recently started here has undertaken to support this cause, and I applaud this resolution. It it so distinctly noon the lines laid down by our Blessed Lord. The Apostles were to begin at Jerusalem-that is, at home. Following this sacred precedent we will begin with our own hemisphere. We will not neglect ; our own Chinese, nor our aborigines, nor the circle of islands called Melanesia, nor New Guinea. All these causes I earnestly press upon you, and I trust our fire is hot enough to warm regions lying Either off. ' But these these are in our amidst ; ' than we may never neglect. Missionary societies in Europe can hardly realisothatwehave our own heathen for they in one sense have none Our own mission efforts, too, must be made through the Board of Missions whatever may be the destination of the funds All-societies can be assisted through them and one general secretary should receive from us in this diocese all our moneys, in order that he may be able to report fully to Synod the results of our com by and efforts. Ono Sunday- school has this your son is not a good example Campbell Town Sunday school has voluntarily given up their yearly prizes that the money may be sent to Melanesia. May the example of self denial set by the little ones be taken up by their orders for the cause of Christ so plainly laid upon His Church. I cou foss that when I looked at the returns from our parishes I was disheartened, when I discovered that apparently 14 parishes in the Northern Archdeaconry and 4 in the South had contributed nothing whatever to any missionary cause in 1892 My regret has, however, been somewhat tempered n han I discover that of those 18 parishes nine had made collections for the Newfoundland Diocese, contributing between them £17 5s but even in this case, since no returns were sent in, I conclude that nine parishes in Tasmania gave nothing, I know that a definite resolution is to be brought before you to got the weight of what will be, I hope, your unanimous up proval in pressing upon all parishes a duty I which I believe only inadvertence can have had them to neglect. The amount collected for Foreign Missions in our churches last year was Cl(i7, in our schools £109, and the Newfoundland Fund received £118, making a total of 494. But this does not include efforts outside the church and school, and is therefore quite unsatisfactory. When our Central Secretary Is appointed an accurate return can be made of the manner in which we have assisted all Church societies in all parts of the world, and I take this opportunity of stating my determination that as I refuse to be a bar to the ingress of any real! spiritual force of whatever party into the diocese, so I am ready to assist the egress of all force directed by us for the welfare of mankind and the enlargement of the Church of God, believing that those who water others will assuredly be watered themselves. The Lambeth Juifgiiienl and the Policy of this Diocese.- Noone'who loves the Church of England can fail to be overjoyed at the decision of the Privy Council, which upheld practically the whole of the Lambeth judgment. That it makes for peace and for strength there can be no shadow of a doubt. It supports thousands of loyal churchmen in the ritual familiar to them from childhood, and whilst it gives larger liberty to some it curtails the freedom of none. And I wish to state publicly that, though I am not called upon to interfere with the slight variations of ritual which exist among us, yet if I am requested to give a formal judgment upon any of points by those who have a right to ask for it should have my decision upon the judgment of the Archbishop. My reference to these questions leads me to take you into my confidence, and to state some lines of policy in the Government of the diocese which time only makes more certain to me as conducive to true progress. I have long noted how almost impossible it is to check zeal without losing force. Even a small body of earnest men in seceding from the Church abstract from us some element which is sure to be missed a few years later in some future crisis. You can hardly have a better instance of this than in the case of the honours in the last century. In the years which followed how much did the Church lose of real spiritual force from their defection, which would have been of priceless value in the period of her lethargy I am yearly more confirmed in my opinion that it is my duty to welcome all spiritual forces among men zealous for the Master's cause, if we can possibly include them in the wide limits of the Church regardless of the fact whether I personally agree with them or not, regardless also of the special direction in which they may tend. Let the currents of spiritual power flow freely through us ; they will give us the one thing most needful real life. Their excesses we must temper with our common sense; and never, never may we become here the Church of one party. From that error may God ever keep ! us. But you will ask me how I propose to realise unity and to perfect peace. You have a right to ask, and this is my answer. No new clergyman has entered this diocese since I have been Bishop who has not been informed of my own views of government, in words such as these :-"_ We have inherited in Tasmania a state of things which we must bend all our energies to help to preserve. There are no party meetings among the clergy or the laity. The need for them can never arise so long as no one feels that he is persecuted, or is not sympathised with in views which he has an undoubted right to hold as a loyal member of a Church so liberal as ours. I offer you that sympathy you look for in your own position quite regardless of the fact whether I personalty look at truth as you do, I will stand by you and help you loyally, and will not allow you to be persecuted ; but it is on one condition that you never encourage party meetings, and never Persecute any of your brethren. If you did could no longer be your friend. I only ask one more boom in return for all the support I can give : it is that you will be wise in your cure, and remember that though a man can persuade his people to do many things, he cannot drive them and you must respect the opinions of your flocks if you wish them to respect you." I would ask you now to look at the events of the last 15 months. Note the spiritual forces which have passed through us. There has been diversity enough among them. A Missioner to ourselves, a deputation from a great Missionary Society, a band of Sisters, and the first beginnings of a Deaconess Institution. Probably no one has been attracted by all four alike ; but there is no one who possesses any spiritual earnestness who has not been attracted by one or other of them at least, and all claimed to be churchmen as loyal as any in this Synod. I do not intend to dwell upon those various outgrowth of spiritual earnestness, because among them many of you would say there exist extremes of Church view, and that not merely in one direction. They have represented to us, however, men and women of the most undoubted devotion to our Great master, a life-long and a burning desire to sacrifice all things earthly to His glory. Be content ; trust me to act for you all in this diocese, betraying none of your interests, respecting the convictions of all, and to this and continually praying for wisdom to do my duty. I shall proceed in the future as in the past, and hail with joy all who will give us a life within the wide bounds of the Church. But I have not done yet. There is, in my opinion, a limit to the welcome to be given to all new movements and novel organisations. They must be parochial, not diocesan. The distinction is a very real one, and will put at ease the minds of some who, perhaps, cannot fully see as I see. You all have a right to criticise the views and methods of a diocesan organisation, therefore nothing shall be sung Êestedtoyou as diocesan until it has become oth familiar, and also has won general acceptance. I would resist to the utmost every attempt to force upon you diocesan schemes regarding; which a large minority had suspicions. On the other hand, parishes have also their individual rights. When a parish, together with its pastor, welcomes a new and novel organisation of any sort which is within the limits of the Church, it would be an un- pardonable sin for any other parish to interfere. I would resist to the utmost any such interference in defence of the undoubted right of a parish to be a free agent under the Bishop's government. After all, what you look most anxiously for in a bishop is, I believe, the spirit of fairness and of common sense. One who has to govern a large area and to encourage peace and quietness, as well as spirituality, among men of varying opinions, may be forgiven if he does not possess brilliant genius, so long as he aims at steady movement, and alienates none of his people. There are many gifts I covet earnestly that I might, by these means, be a worthy leader among you. You will understand, after what I have said, that most of all I should pray for a right judgment in all things" The Next Lambeth Conference's note that the Archbishop of Canterbury has fixed 1897 for the fourth meeting of Anglican bishops. It will be the 100th anniversary of our first English archbishop, and a fitting occasion for so fruitful a conference. Though 597 is not the date of the rise of British Christianity, (some 400 years before that appears to be the real birth of the Faith in our ancient home still the coming of Augustine was a great epoch, and as we look back over the centuries we bless God for our old Church, unchanged in essentials, and identical in its orders and root principles ; it has shed off, by the good hand of God, many accretions, but we hope to meet four years hence, under the presidency of the lineal successor of Augustine. It is noteworthy also that the year before this great gathering we shall have met again in General Synod in Sydney, and surely the shadow of the coming greater Conference will deepen our sense of responsibility in I our Provincial Synod and quicken our labours. One great boon to the Church might be given I us in 1897-1 refer to what, I may term Prayer-Book Enrichment. Noone can fail to be struck with the courage, and, at the same time self-repression, of the Church in America in their recent Prayer-book revision. It will well repay study, and I earnestly recommend the book to you. The variety imported into the various offices, the liberty given to substitute Psalms which are appropriate for some which are often inappropriate, the extreme, beauty of the variations in the communion office, the addition of collects for most important occasions which are wasting in our book ; the insertion of new services for many occasions suitable, to our developed cburch-life-all this makes us long to participate in the riches of prayer and S raise, which could be so easily utilised, surely again the day has come when the words for administering the Holy Communion to each recipient should be abbreviated. The cry for this comes naturally from a diocese like ours where we are mostly alone in our charges, and when the physical exertion of an Easter Communion in many churches is very great. What the change should be is another question. For my own part I have alluded thus early to this question in the hope that it may be taken up seriously at our own General Synod, and thus brought formally before the Bishops at Lambeth. Church life. Church minions, Church services, have developed M enormously since lG32that it is no wonder we wish now treasures of devotion to those given on the in their present shape altO years ago Our Times-A few words upon general questions of universal interest No one should weakly despair of the days we live in An impartial survey of merely in a generation { that is past reveals ground for hope. Look at the life of the Church of England for a moment in her old home. In the last 20 years a Parliamentary Report shows that her sons have voluntarily given £-20 000 000 for the building and restoring of Churches in England alone it is not money spent in more luxury , remember the enormous increase in population, 7,000,030 in England alone during that time, who have had to be provided for How many millions more have been spent in education It may be as nothing, once more, to what the Christain bodies in England ought to have given for foreign missions still another 120,000 000 have been given by them in the last 20 years Probably that may be six times as much as was devoted to the same purpose in the 17th and 18th centuries Remember that spiritual energy acts in every direction, and, therefore, it is that church building and education, and foreign missions, and a thousand other causes are all assisted at the same periods, and will doubtless lose support (if God over permits again an age of lethargy) at the same dread season. It is not for us to criticise the lines of other men's work, but to lend our strength to do that which God has made plain to us as duty Again, we hear of 60 or 70 men offer ing themselves to one Missionary society in one year, prepared to go anywhere in Christ's name. still "more stimulating is the news that Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin have their special missions staffed by able men and scholars of colleges, in Delhi, Calcutta, Central India, and Africa, and the last 40 years have soon on reproach at least wiped away from us, in that Anglican Sisterhood are an established fact, and a solid power. May they soon be followed by Anglican Brotherhoods. Remember that what we need for ourselves above all else in our now countries in example after example of absolute self-sacrifice. Let any man who is inclined to condemn or criticise, first look within and decide, whilst he holds his own opinions firmly, whether he is qualified by the possession of a tithe of the same spirit to lift a stone against the devotion of others simply because it runs in a form strange to himself. Even the spirit in which the great labour problems of the day are approached in most cheering. " What attitude should the Church adopt towards the aims and methods of labour combina- tions ?" asks a well-known clerical speaker at the Church Congress last year. He proceeds -" We want no attitudes. We seek for no appropriate pose. Such a consideration borough to a cold and self-conscious outsider : it leads to something forced, formal, and unlucky. This is not the atmosphere in which she will arrive at a happy result The Church has neither the skill nor the authority of herself to solve it. But in its solution she is bound to take the deepest interest just be cause it affects the poorest and least privi- leged." So, again, at the same Congress, Lord Brassey says, in answering the question what the clergy can do-" Dire fly, I do not think they can do much. I should be sorry to advise them to offer themselves as arbitrators, and if they did, I do not think they would be frequently accepted. Both employers and operatives are equally reluctant to commit themselves to the judgment of an outsider, who knows nothing of the matters with which he may be called upon to deal." Fortunately, we have the brightest of examples of the true method in the action of the Bishop of Durham last year, who, whilst he followed the course of the miners' strike with the deepest feelings of sympathy and enlightened understanding, refused to enter into technical points of dispute, as lying outside his province, but at the right moment pleaded, and pleaded successfully, for the principles of Christian forbearance and forgiveness. Let his lofty example tire us to study these great questions so sympathetically that those who are weary and heavy laden" may know instinctively that whilst we strike- no attitudes we are warm friends. Let us take a wider sweep. Who can help rejoicing over the fact that the century of the greatest scientific advance that the world has over known should also have given us three truly great and most deeply religious ports. No age can really be called materialistic which has reared Wordsworth, Browning, and Tennyson. The day will come when the century we live in will be also called one of the brightest ages of Faith. Outspoken it is, and honest in its utterance, in directions evil as well as good ; but there are too many signs of the power of the Holy Spirit to make a close observer to lose heart or despond. Many theories are being spot which may for centuries have been considered pure truth ; but this proves nothing against the faith. It is just because theology is a science that it adapts itself to fresh knowledge and reconstructs her theories without losing one jot of the essential. " The theologian," so writes a master of history, " instead of attempting a useless defence of positions which have long since become untenable, questions the questioning spirit itself to discover how much of truth it too may possess, and seeks to turn even the turbulent armies of doubt into champions of the eternal and essential verities of the faith." Bo at this moment our creeds and our Gospel history, with the Incarnation and Resurrection and miraculous life of the Saviour, stands on firmer ground than ever it did. I doubt whether any thoughtful man will gainsay this. The absorbing problems just opening before the march of science relating to the power of mind over matter, when the body is at rest and the spirit is awake, makes even the scientific observer to realise that there are unseen forces which have always been claimed as the province of theology and perceptible to faith. The miracles of Christ present little difficulty to him who has once faced the problem of the influence of that Divine Personality upon weak but willing patients suffering from the ills of this world I do not mean indeed that a deep conviction can ever be won by the indolent Booker-a belief which transfigures life is too great a possession to be often won without effort ; but I do mean to assert that, whilst every age has its special trial for Christian thinkers, every age has also its special solace and aids to faith. In this century was lack neither the one nor the other, and it is our discipline and the ground of our hope. Our Colony.- I congratulate you as members of the Church upon the manner in which we have been able to pass through the present financial crisis. There are few indeed who have not felt the strain ; but no parish or district has been neglected or left without a pastor. Give due credit to your church trustees and your diocesan secretary for the ceaseless watchfulness, and wise management they exercise throughout the year. I congratulate you as citizens upon your infant University, and upon the opportunities of education, both to the University courses and in the University extension lectures. Nor do I need to apologise when I press upon you, especially in country places, the Australasian Home Reading Union as a real hand- maid to higher assisted studies. I press upon you especially the study of history, a subject too much neglected. History is but the record of all that man has attempted, the record of his failures and of his successes, all under a Divine guidance. It is but the dictate of common sense to learn eagerly and humbly from the experience of past ages. I Now that the University of Tasmania gives a degree and provides instruction specially adapted for those who can only attend in the evenings, I wish to state that I shall require from those who look forward to Holy Orders, the Tasmanian degree, if they possess no other and that both Latin and Greek, as they always have been subjects for our Ordi- nation Examination, will be treated as essential and special parts of the mental equip- ments of our future clergy. Whilst I gladly mark these aspirations after a higher life on, whilst I mark the existence of a true spiritual life in the hearts of thousands of our people, showing itself in trade, in public life, as well as in the Church, let me not be guilty of being called a mere prophet of smooth things. The true model set us in any survey of a people's life is the message of our blessed Lord to the seven churches in Asia, approving the things that are excellent, but disclosing the secret sin with that honest forthrightness which is the mark of a true love. Those who do not love Tasmania may not care to rebuke her for her faults. We love her too well not to speak plainly. We suffer from a fault common to small communities where the standard of society is not always a high one, and where men know a great deal about each other. We have this against Tasmania that her sons do not show righteous indigna- tion against open Bin. Smouldering under the surface there is in the hearts of many . whom I know a discontent, a feeling of corporate disquiet, because open and notorious sins are condoned, penalties are not exacted, and society takes no action. I say deliberately " society," rather than " our leaders," because it is the main body that throws up its leaders, and they are usually, though not always, a reflex of the state of public opinion. In the last two years, no man can deny it, deeds have been done in Tasmania which call a blush to the cheek of every right minded man, aye, and woman too. Yet the flaming indignation does not burst out, the spark, which I am sure exists, still smoulder. -In the South Seas the hurricane follows the deadly calm of summer heats. I would pray for the hurricane for the land of our affection if it were not that I would rather pray for the return of the steady and healthful sea breezes which is so apt and lovely a symbol of the prevailing influence of the Holy Spirit. I call upon you to do your part in making moral indigna- tion against sin a force in this land of our to purge it of much that is a reproach we have not averted at present. If you will permit me a few minutes more I will call your attention to another blot in our Australian national life. Bear in mind, if you please, that I do not speak now at a politician, taking a Bids with a party, but simply as a man looking at intercolonial life from the standpoint of a Christian. Probably there is no one who is not familiar with the aspect of the cattle yards at Bridgewater Junction. They cover a large space of ground, all of which is carefully divided into separate pens, each pen being strongly barred agains I -Gr .~ T it is.-: v.-:-- the intrusion of animals from the next compartment.' It is quite natural to us' to view these massive structure for the due management of brute beasts and horned cattle. It is really not farcical however, it is right to take the sight I have described as a good illustration of the ideal of life prevalent in our colonies. " We cannot live," we exclaim, " unless we set up bars and bolts between ourselves. The welfare and advantage of others is our certain ruin. Each in a walled area we will live protected from intercourse from all others in trade and mutual interchange. Nay, we have not fashioned bars sufficiently yet. Go to let us add others." I speak merely as a Christian, Does it not strike you as an in- congruous" thing that this should be the out- come of of 19 Christian centuries, this the actual doctrine of the duty towards my neighbour ? It is a question for the intuitive reasoning of a follower of Christ, as well as for the economist. I shall not be taking an unfair advantage of my position in this chair if I call on you to question yourselves whether we are acting throughout this hemispheres brothers of a common faith in mutual helpfulness and interchange of all that God has given us to do or to make. Nor can I forbear from quoting to you on this subject some words of a great seer of our day, Mr. Ruskin, which on this subject illuminate one of the greatest problems of life by their insight as well as by their beauty. He is speaking in the " Stones of Venice'' of the union of one colour with another by reciprocal interference " as a fundamental truth in painting. "If a mass of rod is to be set beside a mass of blue, a piece of the red will be carried into the blue and a piece of the blue carried into the red " (as in a shield divided into four quarters). i " I call it a magnificent principle, not in name only, but in human life. It is the great principle of brotherhood, not by equality, nor by likeness, but by giving and receiving ; the souls that are alike, and the nations that are unlike, and the natures that are unlike, being bound into one noble whole by each receiving something from, and of the other's gifts and the other's glory . . . nor are any of God's laws, in one sense, greater than the appointment that the most lovely and perfect unity shall be obtained by the taking of one nature into another. ... It is just because it is so vast and so awful a law, that it has rule over the smallest things, and there is not a vein of colour on the slightest loaf, but it is an illustration of an ordaiumontto which the earth and its creatures owe their continuance and their Redemption." I leave these sentences with you as a text for the working of your own thoughts. Conclusion We all have our special faults, my brothers the clergy have theirs, and the laity theirs. I could tell you all about most of them if I chose for do I not spend my life in travelling up and down the land. But we all have our good qualities as well. These last are predominant, certainly during our Synod meeting. For one thing, it is a great effort to many of you to leave your other duties, but you have not hesitated to take your part in the more firm establishment of our corporate life. Now, all of you will certainly visit the half completed Cathedral chancel in the next few days. Whilst you are inspecting the work you will notice how the ground is colored in all directions with cut stones, some lying by themselves, others heaped up, but not in order, one above the other. So far as will be looking upon a very fair representation of the views of many excellent Christiana upon a deep question. They consider that the one thing needful is to be polished and cut stones, awakened, converted, possibly baptised ; but there the thing needful ceases, and they are indifferent what is done next with those stones so well cut ; it sometimes seems to us as if some Christian people believe they are so dressed in the Great Mason's yard simply to lie about till the Judgment Day. Now look up at the stately fabric rising slowly before you. What lesson does it teach you of Ernest a Christian life? First, that when you are taken in hand by the Great Mason it is in order to fit you, not for yourself alone, but to live in closest unity with your neigh- bour stone. Even the slightest angle in you implies a corresponding alteration in him. But this is not all, though it is a great deal. There is something wonderful happening by the instrumentality of single stones. A Church is rising for the worship of God. This is something quite new. It is a fresh creation. Therefore stones before, there is a building now for distinct and manifold uses. Such thoughts may help some of you to realise the enormous importance of the corporate life of the Church. If I may so put it to you, we are not a mere aggregate of Christian souls ; we are, by virtue of being the Church, a new creation. Something exists now which did not exist before at all, something with its own power and promises and blessings. Of course the stones must be cut first, then in due order the great Temple. In our case the Temple has long been in building and when we are ourselves prepared as individuals our place is ready there and waiting for us. A man when he realises this would as soon think of self-destruction as of leaving the place God has given him in His Church. He would as soon think of neglecting his duty to his < lunch as he would of attempting to pull a stone out of the chancel wall that he watches slowly rising " in so fair sanctity." Such thoughts are not inappropriate for us, as we bend our energies to the performance of the solemn duties which now devolve upon us in this hall. Lot every morn- her act as though he believed that upon him rested the dignity of our Synod, as if he were responsible for its order and for the due accomplishment of all that tends to the more sure establishment of our common life. Let each of us realise that we debate all questions overshadowed by the power of the Holy Ghost, who as He has blessed in age after ago the deliberations of Christian men, is with us to-day to aid our speech and strengthen our judgment and fill us with the spirit of charity. Invoking His sacred and, I now call upon you to commence your labours for Church and country, for north and south and east and west. There is no distinction between IIB. If we engage in rivalry it is to see what we can do for each other. It is enough reward if it may be said of us that we in our time laid true and perfect a few more players in the great Toraulo the Church of God, and never shall have caused regret to those who shall follow us. So we fall to work, taking as our motto words cut in letters of gold on the eastern face of wr Cathedral, and shining in thoaunriao morning after morning-" Ad I Majorem De Glorian." (Warm applause). , 1 CONSOLIDATION OF LOANS. Mr. W. LOVETT moved the first reading of a Bill to Consolidate the Loans of St. David's Parish, He explained that it was an Act to enable the Trustees of the property of the Church of England to borrow the sum of £1,850, to make additions to the Diocesan Registry and Book Depot building, and for consolidating certain loans now chargeable upon the revenues of the Parish of St. David's, Hobart. He, however, asked leave to introduce a schedule. Leave was granted accordingly, and the bill was read a first time, ordered to be printed, and to be an Order of the Day for Thursday. SDl'BBANNlTATION SCHEME FOR AGED CLERGY. Rev. W. H. ROOT moved the first reading of a bill dealing with the superannuation scheme for aged and incapacitated clergy. The bill was read a first time, ordered to be printed, And made an Order of the Day for Wednesday. THE CATHEDRAL ACT. The Very Rev. the DEAN moved the first routing of a Bill to Amend the Cathedral Act, No. 1, 1880, intituled an Act to Con- solidate and Amend the Laws Concerning the Cathedral, The bill was read a first time, ordered to be printed, and taken as an Order of the Day for Thursday. A PROPOSED HONOKABIDM. Mr. W. LOVETT moved,-"That the Synod hereby directs the insertion in the estimates of the sum of one hundred pounds (£100)' as an honorarium to the Administrator of the Diocese for services rendered during the absence of the Bishop in the year 1892 " Rev. S. BUCKNELL seconded the motion. Mr. E. C. NOWELL thought the matter should stand over until the Synod went into committee on the estimates. Mr. TARLETON thought it was a waste of time to discuss the matter, seeing that the Dean had intimated that he would not accept such an honorarium. Mr LOVITT was opposed to withdrawing the motion, because he felt that the honour of the Synod was to some extent involved. The BISHOP ruled Mr. Lovett's motion out of order. Rev Canon ADAMS then moved,-" That the hearty thanks of the Synod be accorded the Dean for the excellent services rendered by him in the administration of the diocese during the absence of the Bishop." Mr. W. TARLETON said he seconded the motion with a great deal of pleasure. He was sure they all appreciated very highly the ability and zeal with which the Dean acted as Administrator of the Diocese in the Bishop's absence. (Applause.) The resolution was unanimously passed. VOTE OF CONDOLENCE Canon BERESFORD, by way of privilege, moved a resolution of condolence with Mr. A. J. Mandeville, of Bothwell, a member of the Synod, in his bereavement caused by the death of his wife. The resolution was unanimously passed, FINANCIAL The DEAN moved-" That the ' Interest on Invested Capital ' be kept distinct from the General Church Fund That in no case of a grant-in-aid to parochial stipend shall a sum exceeding £50 be charged to the interest on invested capital, and that every sum so charged shall be diminished by 5 per cent. each year. " " That the organising duties in connection with the General Church Fund be separated from the office of Diocesan Secretary." At the suggestion of the BISHOP, the first n-;-rrrz-1 j.',¿.-e ?- - - ?-1-= section of the motion was discussed first the seconder of it being Dr. CROUCH. Rev. J. 'OBERLID-HARRIS' thought the Dean had raised a question which could only be first considered by a Select Committee The DEAN acquiesced. Mr. LOVETT spoke of the radical change the proposal would effect. Mr. TARLETON advocated a more deliberate consideration of the matter. After further discussion it was agreed to refer the matter to a committee consisting of the Diocesan Council, with Canon Adams, Canon Beresford, Revs. C. J. Brammall, J. K. Wilmer, and the mover, to consider and report to the next session. THE ORGANISING SECRETARYSHIP. The DEAN then moved the second part of the motion given above, as a separate resolution. Mr. W. C. SHARLAND seconded Mr. W. TARLETON thought the motion implied destroying one agency without providing another to take its place. Several speakers feared that the present depressed times would not permit of paying an organising secretary that he would not raise much more than his salary at best. The referring of this matter to a Select Committee was also advocated, and on the Synod rising the debate was adjourned. ADJOURNMENT. At 9 p.m. the Synod adjourned till 2.30 p.m. next day. OSJ SPECIAL SERVICE AT CATHEDRAL. A special service was held in St. David's Cathedral last night, and was largely attended. 