Of tho thousands and tons of thousands who nro flnckins to Rome to offer their homage and devotion to Pope Loo and got thoir rosaries and relics blessed with his sacred breath, wo wonder how many of them think of tlio many claims that lie has to bo considered the most interesting and most dramatic personality at this moment on tho face of the planet. Whether wo view him as God's only vice-regent on earth, who looks out from liis watch tower in the city of the Ciesars upon nil empire mora splendid than tho proudest of them over drcainad of; or as the greatest tliauma- turgist of his generation who by tho simple oxorciae of his will can disposo of a soul as easily as Mi\ W. T, Stoad can dispose of n reputation and guarnntco the reality of a Ghost with an accuracy that puts tho necromancers of tlio Psychical Society to shame, tlicro is no human being alivo who exercises such a mystical influence on tho Imagina tion of his fellow creatures. What should we say if tho Queen of England wero to rovive the Royal power of curing the Scrofula with a touch, in addition to her ordinary functions.as a sovereign 7 Yet this is a trifling trick of legerdemain com pared with Borne of the miracles which, year after year, are commended to the spell-bound consciences of tlio faithful liy tho great Magician of tlio Vatican. And still there aro people who ask us to believe that the Papacy is played out as acentre of spiritual force, that the theatrical properties have lost their effect upon a world which has enthroned Mr. Herbert Spencer as its philosopher, and whose organ of wonder and rcverenco has been shrivelled to dust in the olectric furnaces of Mr. Edison. Tho Honorable Mr. Fitz gerald, who gets a handsome living out of tho fermentation of barloy, and can afford to take a tolerably independent view of the politics of his Church, told his audience at the Hibernian Hall the other day that tho Pope never wielded such power ns ho does now, and that ho sincerely believed that the present wearer of the Triple Crown was specially raised up by Providence to combat tho powers of darknoas that threaten to make the Fin de Sicclc tho most hideous opoch of ruin and desolation in the calendar of Timo. We do not pretend to be in tho secrets of tiie skies, but tho man must be ro- solved to close liis eyes to what is occur ring about him who thinks that the head of tho Roman Catholic Church is no longer to he counted among tho mundane forces that determine tho movements of society. It is truo that liis Sovereign Power is almost gone from him, and that an alien occupies liis palace on the Quirinal ; but if he were to bo banished from the city of the Soven Hills to-morrow, liis dominion would still embrace tho four corners of the Earth, and liis decrees would be received by liis myriad subjects with a reverence that no human potentato can command. We know that in tlio politics of Europe ho i days a very active, though it may be a silent and inconspicuous, part. Ho does not put wliolo kingdoms under an interdict or kick tho crown off their monarch's head as Pope Celeste did off tho head of tlio German Emporor who kneeled as a sup pliant at liis feot, or portion out a con tinent or two among liis. vassals, as Hildohrand did tho Now World ; bub nono tlio loss do they pay him court in time of need, and invoke liis paternal oliiees to arbitrate botweon them and the restless modern spirit which rebels againBt their authority. It was not so long ago that the most powerful Minister in Europe— tho man of iron and blood who routed tho French armies at Sedan but could not pacify tho Socialists at liis own door — hastened to purchase his alliance by almost humiliating conces sions ; and since then it lias become tho fashion to look to him as the Umpire to whose decision all tho disputes of tlio earth may be safoly referred for settlement. Thus Portugal submitted tlio fate of tho Carolines to him ; the President of tho United States suggested ho should ho asked to dispo3o of tlio Bohrings Straits question ; and both Lord Salisbury and Mr. Gladstone have freely employed his influence to disarm tlio dynamitards of Ire land aud America. It is in the latter country indeed' that the growth of the Pope's dominion lias made, and is making, its most rcmarkahlo strides. The enormous oxpansion of tho Catholic popu lation from half a million out of 13 millions in 1830 to 10 millions out of 65 millions in 1890 places at liis disposal a spiritual aud a pliysical militia which is impos ing enough of itself to make the Vatican a great diplomatic centre. For his authority over his sub jects is anything but a nominal ono. Even such a trifling matter as lighting a Church with electricity is reserved lor tho propaganda at Romo, in which no Ameri can by the way has a seat ; while the samo astute body is urging their claim at the doors of tiie White Houso to have a Minister accredited to the Papal Palace. Whether the Republic of the United States will agree to make terms of eternal friendship with the greatest autocrat on earth will de pend upon the play of tlio forces that are bringing American ideas and Ultramontanisra face to face with each other, but no prospect of future conflict can discount tho present fact that the pastorate of the Popo is increasing wherever we turn, and that lie will soon havo as much' inllucnco at Washington as he has in Belgium, where his influence exceeds that of the Xing. He is subtle and discerning enough to see that kings are destined to count for very little in the new rigimc that is rising slowly but steadily above the political horizon ; and it is notlikoly there fore that lie will press too hard upon tho People who are supplanting them by a harsh and despotic exercise of his sovereign powers. Ho showed that ho was fully sensible of tho great change that was approaching when he published his famous Encyclical the year before lost admittedly in tho interests of the workers, and which was intended to apprise the world that the successor of St. Peter took as great an intorcst in quostionsof wagos, strikes and tho ' hours of labor as any trndos union or Par liamentary committee. ThoEnoyolical was a vory vague and dreamy sortot documont, it is truo, in which any practical solution of tho probloms discussod iu it might bo searched for in vain; hutitspublicationwas rocoivcd as a sign from llcavon or the voice of an an tiqno Oracle, and it had the effect its author intonded of turning tho eye of a curious public to tho democratic side of tlio Papacy, and lotting them soo tlio face of Snug tho Joiner peeping through tho royal Lion's skin. Tho real dangor that threatens tho bonign influonco of tlio Vicar of Christ in tlio coming strngglo is tlio attitudo that tlio traditions of his offico compol him to present to tho Scientific Spirit of the Ago, hofore which evon tlio Rod Spoctro pales its ineffectual fire. Tho Nihilist can bo routed out of bis secret lair by tho police, bnt nobody now a days can send a philosopher to tho stake for demonstrating that tho Popo of Romo is tho descoudaiit of tho anthropoid npo. Tlio Sacred Collego lately denounced cremation, apparently r because Tertullian had spokon of obsequies by fire as " most " atrocious," yot it cannot provont Mr. Rusflon from consigning his vnlnnblo carcaso to tho lint oven to-morrow if ho likes. Nob tho least .embarrassing feature about tlio policy of the Church is that it is not consistent. How can its followers know what to do for instanco whon it frowns upon tho Spirit! of Joan of Arc at a Mediumistio Seance, and doclnres tho Virgin Mary to have really appeared at Lourdcs? Thoy have good reason for knowing too that it iB dividod in opinion oven on the merits of some of its own most chorishod dogmas, such as Eternal Punishment. Thus Mr. St. Gcorgo Mivart, ono of tho very few English scientists that belongs to its creed, had the temerity to publish on article in the Nineteenth Century a few months ago on " Hell " in which ho pleaded in tho namo .of humanity against tho orthodox view, and quoted liberally trom tho early bathers to show that the damned probably got accustomed to thoir torments in timo, and migli trather enjoy themselves than otherwise. The concession or innovation was not a vory largo ono. Many modern Anglican Divines, from Kingoley to Farrar, have gone much further, and explained Hell to bo a stato .of mind and not a placo at all. Rut Mr. Mivart's follow Churchmen wore thrown into consternation by his indiscretion, and ono of tho most crudito of tho English Jesuits, the- Rev. Mr. Clarke, wroto a trenchant defence of tho popular ideal in reply to him. What that ideal is we aro enabled to give for the benefit of non-Catholics out of a tract entitled The Sight of Hell , by a priest of the appropriate name of Furniss, C.S.S.R., published in Dublin Anno Domini 1880, and quoted by Lecky in his History of European Morals. Compared with tho horrors that are in store for.all naughty little Irish boys and girls, it is clear that the ghosts on tlio banks of the Styx and the shores of Acheron had a very ploasanb timo of it See ! on tho middle of that rod hot floor stands a girl ; sho looks about 16 years old. Her foot aro bare. Sho has neither shoes nor stock ings. . .. Listen ! sho speaks. Sho says T have boen standing on this red hot floor for years. Day and night my only standing place has been this red hot floor. . . . Look at my burnt and bleeding feet. Let me go olf this burning floor for ono moment, only for one single short moment. . . . The fourth dungeon is tho boiling kettlo ... in tbo middle of it there iB a boy. ... His cyos aro burning like two burning ooals. Two long flames oome out of his ears. . . . Sometimes ho opens his mouth, and blazing fire rolls out. But listen f thoro is a sound liko a kettlo boil ing. . . . Tbo blood iB boiling in tho scalded voinB of that hoy. Tho hraiu is boiling and bubbling in his head. Tlio marrow is boiling in Mb . boneB. . . . Tho fifth dungeon is. . tho rod -.hot oven. , . . The little child is in this red hot ovon. Hoar how it screams to oomo out. Seo how it turns and twists itself about in the fire. It beats its head against tiie roof of tho ovon. It ataraps ita little foot on the floor. ... God waa very good to tliia child. Very likely God aaw it would get worao and worae, and would never repent, and 80 it would have to bo punlahed much moro in lioli. So God in Hia moroy called it out of tho world in ita early childhood. Scientifically, there can bo no proof that Mr. Furniss's picture is not a correct one ; but tho question that will be asked him is, was ho wise in bringing his Church into collision with tho nineteenth century spirit of charity and humanness by putting it - in so conspicuous a frame 7 There has beenaramarkahlo increase both in tho number and in the savage cruelty of tho lynchings reported of late from the United States. Tho details of some of these unauthorised executions are hideous in tho extreme, and it is obvious that tho most violent passions must have been aroused before respectable women would so far forget, not merely their sex, but even the primordial instincts of humanity, as to set fire to a wretched negro soaked in kerosene, and calmly watch his death struggles and listen unmoved to his agonised cries. Yet such an occurrence has not been infrequent of late in tho Black Belt of the Southern States, where tho negro race predominates. In addition, however, to the swift self constituted justice meted out to negroes, there has been a still more anti-social display in such cases as the lynching of tho eleven Italians at New Orleans. It must be remembered that there are two entirely distinct causes for tho appearance of Judge Lynch in America. One is the corruption which unfortunately pervades the elective judiciary system and the consequent dis trust that every citizen feels lest crime will not be punished whenever the offender has political influence or money wherewith to bribe judges and juries. No doubt this is a serious charge to make, but it is fully borne out by such phenomena as tho lynchings at New Orleans and Cincin nati. In tho latter instance a murder had been committed for the sake of robbery. Again and again the prisoner had confessed his guilt, but through the adroitness of his lawyer and tho alleged corruption of the jury, he was only convicted of man slaughter. So great was the impossibility of obtaining a sentence of death in Cincinnati that murder was an every day offence, and at the time the mob took tho law into their own hands there were no less than twenty-three persons convicted of murder or awaiting trial on a capital offence in the gaol of that city. Tho riot which then broke out, and during which many lives were lost and much property destroyed, was a natural revolt against the absolute failure of the law. A similar sentiment instigated the lynchings at New Orleans, where a mob led by citizens of good standing broke into the prison and killed eleven Italians who were confined there, several of whom had just been acquitted of tho murder of the Chief of Police. Here again the incentive to tho ferocious conduct of the mob was tho belief that tho jury had acquitted the prisoners either through fear of the Mafia, an Italian organisation, or on account of bribes given by its agents. In these and similar cases of tho mob becoming judge and executioner the cause was evidently tho distrust of tho courts as impartial and fearless tribunals. Lynchings of this kind are altogether different from those in which negroes are killed and tortured for crimes against tho chastity of white women and children. "Revenge," says Lord Bacon, "is a kind of wild justice, which the " more man's nature runs to, the more tho " law ought to weed it out. The most tolor- " able sort of revenge in for those wrongs " which there is no law to remedy ; but " then let a man take heed tho revenge be " such as there is no law to punish, else " a man's enemy is still beforehand, and " it is two to one." Judged by this criterion there is no excuse for the lynch ing of negroes in tho South. No one will for a momont deny that a white jury would give a negro guilty of an offence against a white woman the very shortest of short shrifts. Tho law is there, and tho machinery to .carry it out, but revenge, that wild justice, takes entire possession of the friends and relatives of tho victim, and law is too feeble to weed it out. Quite recentiy Mr. Fredorick Douglas has taken up tho cudgels for his colored brethren in an American magazine. Douglas is a picturesque figure in tho history of tho United States. His mother was a slave and his father a white man, and as long ago as 1838 he escaped from slavery and took refuge in New York. In conjunction with the authoress of Uncle Tom's Cabin, and the other New England abolitionists, he played a prominent part in the anti-slavery movement, and after emancipation held several Federal offices. He was, however, removed from office by President Cleveland, whose vaunted ideas on civil service reform were not sufficiently far advanced to stomach a "nigger" in a political office that a Tammany " heeler " wanted. Mr. Douglas contends that tho indignation which leads to lynching does not lie so much in the revolting nature of the offence as in tho fact that it is perpetrated by a negro on a white woman. For two hundred years, he says, white men have committed this same offence against black women in tho South, and the fact has excited but little atten tion even at tho North, except among the abolitionists. From which he concludes that the horror now felt is not on account of tho crime itself, but because of tho color of tho participants. This argument does not hold water for an instant with anyone cognisant of tho negro's code of morals. Chastity among tho colored race is by no means es- teemed as it is among white people, and the violations to which Mr. Douglas alludes were merely tho assertion of ownership of slaves, the woman being a willing party. To compare them with tho brutal outrages upon white women and children in the South at tho present time is simply absurd, and Mr. Douglas's conclu sion, that the jealousy of the white man at tho progress of tho negro is the real cause of the great increase in lynching, is not borne out by an iota of evidence in cases where tho lynching takes place on account of an outrage upon a white woman. No doubt negroes have been lynched because they undertook certain work which the white man considered should belong exclusively to him, as was tho case at Memphis; but these cases are extremely rare, and have nothing to do with tho lynchings for sexual crimes. Another point upon which Mr. Douglas fails to make out a case is that because the crime is a new one for tho negro, it is therefore unlikely to be as frequent as is generally stated. He points out that dur ing the Civil War, white women and chil dren were left in the guardianship of negroes, and that there is not an instance of the trust thus, reposed in them being abused. This is very true, but what does it prove? Does it not show that as long as the negro was, not to say under the domination of the white man, but in con stant contact with him, there was a civilis ing influence at work, and tho negro was taught and obliged to control those fierce sexual instincts which, now that this good influence and restraint have been re moved, are given full scope? This view of the mnttor is supported by the utter failure of the danger of detection, and of an awful fate in case of detection, to exert any deterrent effect upon his criminal impulse. For instance, a short time ago a negro was lynched in a small village in Virginia for an assault upon a white woman, and under circum stances calculated to strike terror into every would be ravisher ; yet a short time, after a similar crime was com mitted in tho same village by another negro. Again, in tho large cities of tho South, where tho negro is brought into contact with whites, tho instinct for committing this particular crime has not developed. Under tho influence of the white race he is advancing in education and the ability to acquire pro perty, but in the country districts, where large masses of negroes are segregated and removed from this influence, his atavistic tendencies seem to return, and among them the gratification of his sexual desires, undeterred even by tho awful fate which he must know probably awaits him. At all events, both whites and blacks are unanimous that crimes against the persons of white women have enormously increased in number. "We have seen the reasons alleged by Mr. Douglas, a position which is also taken up by tho negro newspapers. The Montgomery Herald, a journal written by colored men, says " Every day or so " we read of tho lynching of some negro " for entrapping some white woman. Why " is it that white women attract negro " men more than in former days ? There " was a time when such a thing was " unheard of. There is a secret to this " thing, and we greatly suspect the grow ing appreciation of tho white Juliet for " tho colored Romeo as he becomes more " and more intelligent aud refined. If " something is not done to break up " these lynchings, it will be so " after a while, they will lynch every " colored man that looks at a white woman " with a twinkle in his eye." From which we may gather that the colored pressman is not a close student of Shakspeare, or he would have quoted the leading case of Desdemona, not of Juliet, who was never suspected of any partiality for a dusky lover. Now everything goes to show that there is not a scintilla of foundation for the cynical hypothesis of tho Herald, and that it is principally where tho negro has retrograded in refinement and intelli gence by being thrown out of touch with the white race that these crimes have increased. The evidence supplied by Hayti, the Black Republic, is exceedingly strong. In that island, after 90 years of negro government, there is not tho slightest sign of improvement either in intelligence or morals— indeed, quite the opposite is known to be tho case. Especially is this obvious in tho relations of the sexes, for in Hayti 70 per cent. of the births are illegitimate, and a Haytian changes his wife, in the rare instances when he has one, as readily as an Australian would change his baker or milkman. We have similar proof of tho retrogression of the negro when left alone in the failure of tho Free State of Liberia. Tho evidence that tho negro has become more brutal since emancipation in the South is equally con vincing. "If," said a Southern planter, " tho option were offered me of taking my " wife and family into one of the black " country districts of the South or into a jungle full of wild beasts, and if I were "obliged to leave them without proper " protection, I would unhesitatingly choose " the jungle." Yet before emancipation these men used to leave their families in the guardianship of negroes without fear of evil results. Enough has been said to make it clear that there are two entirely separate pro blems in regard to lynching awaiting solu tion in the United States. The one arising from the general belief in tho corruptions of judges and juries can at any time be solved by tho peoplo freeing thomsolvcs from the domination of tho political "bosses" and filling eleotive positions with honest men. Tho other, unfortunately, admits of no such easy solution, and presents one of tho gravest difficulties ever encountered hy a free country. We know that the negro, unlike tho Australian aboriginal, will not die out in tho presence of whisky and tho white man ; on tho contrary, in spite of tho great infantile mortality among tho blacks, the colored race is increasing with startling rapidity in America. Nor is there tho re motest chance of tho two races amal gamating. Tho contempt of tho white man for tho negro is greater than ever, and absolutely precludes such a consummation. Schemes for tho wholesale deportation of tho negro to Africa or elsewhere have been abandoned as utterly impossible, ' and it looks as if tho white race will have to stew in the gravy which slavery concocted. Tho danger of allowing an alien and inferior race to gain a foothold in a country has been awfully exemplified ; and tho whole world, and more especially Australia, have an object lesson before them of something that should be carefully avoided. Another lesson is that mankind is full of atavistic tendencies, and just as ancestral sexual unrestraint recaptures tho negro, so tho wild anti-social instincts of tho primitive white man reassert themselves, and are shown in tho lynching of his captives. 