OPIENIINU " 0i A BiAPbT'IUf P CH I iIR Q ICIIlI. "--'V- AT tho lost meeting of the Baptist Union of New South Wales it wao reColved thatan en deavour should bo made to open at least one now church every year. Goulburn was men tioned as the place to be tried this year, and accordingly in February last the Bov. J. A. Soper of Petersham conductod service in the" Academy of Music for three Sundays. He was followed by other minia tore, and in May last the Re.v. D. J. Graham from Victoria arrived in Goulburn to carry on the work with a view of becoming the permanent paster if a church were formed. A Sunday.school has been oestablished, and a wank-night service in held in the Temperance. ball, Coromandol~-treet. The congregation continued to increase, until oighteen baptised members of the Hop. tint Church forwarded an application to the unihn desiring. to be formed into a church here. The opening of the new church was oar ranged foryesterday, and the Rev. F. Hibberd Ashteld, chairman of the Union, wee op. pointed to preside at the opening services. He is accompanieod by the Rev. J. A. Soper and Mensro. WVlliom and James White. At morning service yestlerday In the Academy of Music, there was a fair congro. gation, and the tervino was conducted by the rove. Mr. BHibberd. Hie sermon, baned on Ephesiane iv,13, woe a powerful and thought. fal address, pointing. out the necessity of Christiano aiming at t perfect standard and bow to gain that standard. In the afternoon the formation of the now ehurch took place in the assombly -room, There was a large attendance, The eRo. F. Hibbord presided. The meeting commenced with the usual devotional exercises, in which the Bova. F. Hibbord, D. J. Graham, and J. A. hoper, and Mr. W. White took part, The Chairman said they wore mot that afternoon in responos to a request received by the Baptist Union from eighteen baptisod boelievers, who wore desnirous of forming them. selves into a Baptist church in Goulharn. He, as ehairman of the union, was present to comply with the request. It was very doeir. able that Christians should be joined together as a ohurhb. Under the Jewish religion ton persons were considered oufflicent to form a synagogue, and he thanked God that the number deosirous of forming a Baptist church here was larger than that. The establish. moat of a Baptist, phurch in Goulburn had been a matter of much prayer and thought to tho union sinea its last meeting, ani he wna thankful that God had come to their aeoint onco and had sent Mr. Graham to tako up tho work. That meeting was the result of his work. The Baptists hold that the church of Chbrist should be composed of those who have experienced the effects of a personal faith in Christ and are prepared to obey Hie com mande, and the first of these they found was to be baptised in the name of the Father, o" the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Although the Baptist'Church is governed by the people for the people, it could coarcely be designated a demoorati chaurch. It was really a sort of limited monarchy. The minisolte wereohoeac by the people to be their servants for Jesus' sake. Then the church had deacons, a body of men much abused at times, but goner. ally found to be ueolul fflieors of the church. The Baptist Church gave won derful scopo to its members to oxercise their individual responsibility, and he hoped that those who had resolved to ouo ter this now church were doing so with a prayerful intention of eaoh bearing out his or her responsibility to serve Jesn OChrist in His church. The Baptists had no confession of faith, and many thought them lax in this matter. but he believed they were ntrlct, bo cause they did not aooept any man-prepared manual of doctrine, but took the New Toest. ment an their guide and rule of faith. Mr. Hibberd then requested those dooiroti of joining the now church to stand. About thirty persons did so, and be gavy eaoh of them the right hand of fellowship and wel comed them as members of the now hurchb. The Rov. Mr. Soper then addressed the members of the new church, urging them to be known by the charactorietics St. Paul found existing in the Christian ohurch at Phillippi, that is, a praying church, a re joicing church, a shining church, and a liberal and loving church. He said if the members attained that standing hae had no doubt of the future success of the oharch. The oev. Mr. Graham then road a portion of Scripture detailing the charaotoristica re. qairod to fulfil faithlolly the offioo of a deacon, Th members of the church then electod Meesrs. G. Hockey and A. Milton deacons of the now church, An administration of the Lord's Bupper concluded the service. In the oveniog an evangelistia service, con. doeted by the Bov. Mr. Sopor, was hold in the Academy of Musio, when tho floor of the hall was crowded.' Hymns from Moody and iankey's collection were heartily sung by the congregation, led by the choir. Mr. 'W. White gave a solo and Mrs. Johnson and Mr. White sang a ducet from Sankey'o Hymns. The sermon was an earneot and stirring appeal to accept salvation at once. It was based on Hebrews iii, 7. To night Mr. Soper delivers a lecture in the Academy of Music, entitled Sermone in Candles. This leoture has beeoon well spokeon of by the metropolitan prels. It was in tended at first that admission should be obtained on the payment of asilver coin, but Mr. Soper announced last evening that the lecturo would be free, with a collection attor wards. To-morrow evening the opening of tbo church will.be further celebrated with a teo meeting and a publi meeting in the Academy of Music. oSeveral ministers from Sydney are annoouncedto speak at the mooting, and some of the loonl ministers have promised to be present. Between the addreesuo there will be some singing. -' 