WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs. H. H. JENNINGS lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the par lour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man ol gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from close by what seemed like the calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I be lieve that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. Itt March/ '4890, it wu that Mrs. Jane . Ppater, of Darracott Bead, Fokesdov/n, Hants, " Wrote us as follows :- I WAS SO DKKADFCM.Y miivócs J could opt bear anyone in the room 'with me, yet I did not wish them far away in . Case I should call out for help. This waa in «Tune, 1880, I slept very'badly, and iu the morning felt Uttle the better for having gone Í», bed. There was often a severo palu in my ... ead and over my eyes, audi was sick moat of the time. My skin was- dry and yellow, .nd the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. ' By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said , he didn't know what my complaint;***- I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By thia time I was nothing but «kin and bone. My HEHOBV completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thMght I should lose my senses, and my frhmds agreed that I would: never get better. "I had giren up all hope, when one day sors. West, of Bournemouth, called oud asked «hat I was taking. She told me she was herself onoo just as badly off, and wa» cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As sho ?seined to have so much faith in this medi cine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I cen eat and digest my food, Maali my nervousness has left mc." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion. The t)rlglnal. cause was grief end shock at'tbs violent death' of her husband, by acci dent, jany the system nilled only- when the Byran ItàagivoavtwA'isonr to the digestion Md tims fed «nd toned the nerves. . Whatever may bo your opinion of tho Bridgeport sheet, lt remains true that most aMcatuy viskos and souuds mean nothing ?hore or leas than a set of nerves all upset by Wlgestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from tte Inside of the persan who see« them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does Ita work the estes and eat* entertain only what is natural ssas wholfolotne. 