AUSTRALIA X WOMEN. (By Jcua F. Nicholson, is this North American itzvieH).) Imagination pictures a new type in a new land. The pity of it is that the reality bile short of expectation. Australian women, to be sore, work oat their destiny in the newest of new lands ; but, in these latter days, when one end of the world, eo to eay, toadies the other, originality is heavily handicapped. External influences are for ever beating on Australian shores. American and English examples, always present, are as inimical to tue production of original and striking characteristics as civilisation, according to Macaulay, 16 to the production of the most poetic poetry. Australian women aspire to the freedom and independence of American women, and stand in aivc of the presence and traditions of English women. The result is a character moulded by conflicting inflnences, reflected through the coloured medium of Australian condition*. Transition stages are rapid in Australia. The twilight flits across the hills and plains. and, ghost-like, disappears. The naivete of childhood slips away before short frocks lengthen into long gowns. It is daylight or darkness, infancy or womanhood here. Before the English girl has outgrown childish de* lights the Australian is a woman in fnlnia. ture, self- consoions, Gelf -confident, pot easily abashed, with eyes that long since have ceased to look oat upon the world with wonder. In a short skirt, with a plait down its Wck, young Australia imitates its ciders, flirts, falls in love, and, sometimes, reads and writes funny little Iovc4ettora in all serious ness. Very youthful; very innocent &U; this in its way, bat the way itself strikes one as jast a little precocions. Like her brother, the Australian, girl has a eay as to what she learns, where ahe goes, what she wears. In fad, she brings herself Dp under easy supervision. Grown to womanhood, the glitter and glamour of life already tarnished in her sight, uhe is without reserve, possessed of few illusions and lest sentiment. She has arrived at a very good opinion of herself. So far as circumstances permit, she pleases her self in the choice of a husband or a course in life. Bat with all her liberty she does not enjoy the recognised freedom and Indepen dence of the American gtrL The social code is slightly confusing For an unengaged girl to go to the theatre or for a walk alone with » man would be scandaloas, bnt at a dance Bne may wander about dim gardens and verandahs with a new acquaint ance and it is quite another thing. She marries at any age short of middle age, bnt it is not into greater freedom as the French woman, but into bondage after the most ap proved British fashion. Family cares and household duties absorb her ; servants worry her. The happy knack of dividing life into parts and enstatning many interests has yet to be acquired. Accomplishments arc neglected; dancing goes to the wall ; for reading there is no time. Bat should domesticity fail to en gross her and the giddy whirl of society sweep her away from home, the household becomes a scene of disorder. Perhaps this is why the average domesticated Australian becomes so uninteresting after marriage. Her life narrows down, she seldom shares her hus band'e interests, her conversation fluctuates between scandal and servants* delinquencies, fashions, and the children. Her davs are varied by tea end gossip, with visits and occa sional entertainments thrown in. Unless a fashionable woman she do longer troubles to he pretty or dunning, and it is anoetial for her to keep herself au counwt of passim; events and the questions of to-day, or to give more than an occasional glance at a news Tnongh pretty, tall, and well-formed, the Australian u not RracefaL Her feet are seldom smell, her hands rarely beautiful. Moreover, ehe does not dress welL Her toilette has none of the doc of the Parisieone's, little of the sobriety of toe Englishwoman's. Overdressed or dowdy, she produces the im pression of not only having little taste, bat no artistic sense of the fitness of things. Stylish and elegant women are to be seen more fre quently in Melbourne than elsewhere. Never theless, dress is dear to the soul of an Aus tralian, and. much is spent on it. Down in the lowest social grades it plays au important part. The Australian hags the idea, of equality, and, believing in uniformity of dress as the visible sign of equality, often sacrifices actual comfort to obtain fashion able clothing. An Australian family makes a brave show on holidays. There may be bare feet and rags in the house, but there arc cheap feathers and gloves in the street. Here the vanity of the race [-eeps oat, and hatred of apparent social distinctions, for vanity is stronger in the Australian woman than ambition, just as indolence, is more inherent than energy. She is clever bat not intellectual, accompii-ili**! oftener than highly educated. To lie able to play the piano it. regarded as a sort of rudtft of distinction, not to play it as a lamentable sign of neglected edncatioo. Tact is natural to her, also a quick sense of perception. With the ready ease wherewith a frontlet changes its colour iuto harmony with that of its surroundings she adapts herself to circum Kliuiccs, Pitches the cue of hei1 t'*ttonragry and continues to produce a favourable impression. With a cheerful disposition and mercurial temper Arueot, the serious side of life scarcely appeals to her. Forseeing nol that to bow the wind is to reap the whirlwind, ehe exacts neither obedience nor due reverence from her children, and without faeisg epe-cieily religious leaves tfce' re sponsibility of their future very much to Providence. Thus some of the finest feel ingB that bind the human race together become destroyed, and a spurious nit of independence loosens family ties in Aus tralian households. Tnoagh hardly capable of strong feeling and deep, passionate attach ment, the Australian is affectionate, and in manner hospitable, friendly, and, sometimes, sympathetic Strangers to-day, to-morrow you are intimately acquainted. In friendship there Is do tentative stage, but a plunge in mediae rea. By her speech the Australian betrays her origin. Bay is pronounced bai ; say, mi. Sometimes there is a nasal sound in the voice. Often there is slang on her lips, not the fflnrtg of society merely, bnt of the ?tockyardl the camp-fire, and the stable. It may be heard in the drawing rooms of society, for polished manners are not found as a matter of course In prominent places. Here men and women are shaken like dice in a box ; chance decides the throw. Culture and refinement may dwell iu the bnroblcst homes and the veriest plebeianism amidst luxury. Australia is the land of many grotesque contrast*! and some unique social surprises. 