NEEDLES: ,, " Short, Sharp, and Shiny." .'[ "Good-day, Mr. Lamppost." " What do you mean, rudeohild "Pa always calls you so to rua when he sees you coming to our house." year Pine. Warm. Circus. Cyclorama. Pantomime. " Continentals. Killed in a fight. "Forty Thieves." Fire at Fremantle. Trouble in Europe. Wreok at Sorrento. Reticent cricketers. Lynching in Alabama. A Gaiety actress dead. No Express on Monday. A charitable millionaire. A strange disappearance. Mrs. Knorr to be hanged. Heavy rains in Gippsland. Captain Wilson massacred. The Royal Tar sails to-day. Sudden death at Hawthorne. Souvenirs at " Waterloo" to-day. Races at Morphettville on Monday. Another boating Occident in Sydney. A negro tortured to death in Alabama. Another contingent off to New Australia. The strike at Newcastle has been averted. A promising outlook in New South Wales. The weather is warming up for the new _ matinee performance at Fitzgeralds' Circus to-day. Fitzgeralds have [purchased two baby lions from the Zoo. The Australian meat trade is increasing largely in England. A strike commenced at the southern collieries in New South Wale3. A Sydney magistrate describes the larrikins in chat city as a dreadful scourge. Monday beiDg New Year's Day and a public holiday, the Express will not be published. Napoleon's ghost will make its first ap pearance at "Waterloo" on Monday evening. The Royal Tar's passengers this morning called for three cheers for the harbor authori ties. , The jury in the Age libel action being still unable to agree were again locked up for the I night. I Miss Kitty Grindlay and Mr. Harold Kingston will sing at to-night's "Conti j nental." The South United Cricket Club will make I their thirteenth annual excursion to Editk : burgh on New Year's Day. Mr. Andrew Carnegie, the millionaire iron master, iB going to put aside £1,000 a day lor two _months for the relief of the distressed poor'ot Pittsburg. ! GLEANINGS OF HUJIOH. She.—"Oh, my tooth aohes just dreadfully! I don't see why we could not be born without teeth." He—"I think, my dear, that, if you will look up some authority on that point, you will ban.that most of us are." As William bent over her fair face he whimpered—"Darling, if I should ask you in French if I might kiss you, what would you answer?" She. summing up her scanty know ledge of the language, replied—"Billet doux." Friend—"By Jove, that's an ugly-looking dog of yours! Does he ever bite strangers?" Owner—"Once in a while. But there's a doctor stopping with me who will put you right in a jiffy. He's had lots of practice." She—" Stop 1 You shan't kis3 me to-night —at lease, not before I have had an explana tion. I heard to-day that you had been en gaged to sixteen different girls." He—"But that was before I had seen your angel-face, my love." She—"So it was, to be sure. 1 uover thought of that." The Vicar—"Dear, dear, Mrs. Prickles, I regret to hear that Mrs. Brown has created you ' so shamefully. I should counsel you to heap j coals of fire on her head Mrs. P.—j "Ah, sir, chat's wot 1 would do as soon as look ut'er, bub I can't afford it at one-an' ninepenue a 'undr-rdweighb!" Mrs.. F.—"You write such short letters when you are away. I don't see why you couldn't write me nice long ones, as you did when we were engaged." Mr. F.—"Honestly, iny dear, I didn't suppose you would have any time to read them. In the days when we were engaged you .had no housekeeping to attend to." Tin- Countess of Laeklands.—"I hope you will grant me your pardon, Sir Gilbert. I know it is a delicate matter but—er—in fact, it has got about that you are going to marry my daughter Est el la, and what shall we do !—what shall we say aLouc it ?" Sir Gilbert Broadacres—"Oh, just say she refused me— chat's aii." A Test.—M.F.H.—"What do you think oi the new. vicar, T'oprapper?" Huntsman— " Woll,.m'iord, he ain't orthodox enough for me." M.F.H.—"What do you mean?" Huntsman—" I heerd him preach last Sunday, my lord, a full 30 minutes bust, an' he never said a word about the sinfulness of barbed wire and shootin' foxes." He had his portrait painted by an eminent impressionist artist of his acquaintance, and, the work of art being finished, Mary, the faithful retainer, was invited to see it. "Do you know who that is meant for ?" proudly enquired he, while the artist modestly awaited a tribute'of praise. "Ob, it's lovely, sir," replied Mary, who was unaccustomed to the impressionist style. . " Anyone can see it is either you or missus." "Bob," said a general grocer recently to a small customer as he weighed out a pound of potatoes, "did you ever stop to think that these potatoes contained sugar, starch, and water?" "No, I didn't," replied the boy. "But I've heard mother say that you put peas and beans in your coffee, and a pint of water in every quart of milk you sell. The subject of natural philosophy was then allowed to drop, and the grooer weighed his goods in silence. The new occupier of a farm went to his potato field early one morning, and dug up a few of the tubers just to see how they were getting on, when hi3 attention was suddenly arrested by the appearance of a oouple of strangers the other side of the field who were preparing to follow his example. He was about to challenge them when the re-assuring words were wafted to his ear—"Don't let us disturb you; we are prigging a few our selves." Grocer (to new boy)—"You must tell people we are very busy, James, whether we are or not. They like to buy of a firm that they think does a large trade." New boy—"All right Bir." Grocer (a little later)—"Did old Mrs. Benson want anything, James?" New boy—"Yes sir; she wanted a oouple of tins of bisouits and ten pounds of brown sugar, an' I told her we was so busy we didn't know'which way to turn, and so she said she was in a hurry an' she'd get them round the corner." Indulgent Husband—" And what does Dr. Blarney Stone say about your ease, my love ?" Suffering Wife—"He seems to understand it thoroughly, dear. He says that what I most require is change. He recommends a trip to the Riviera, and on my return a succession of visits to the theatres, dinner parties, carriage exercises, and so on. He says, too, that in the state of my nervous organisation it is most de sirable that I shouldn't be crossed in any of my wishes, so I'm afraid I muBt have that new dinner gown, dearest." An American lawyer had been badgering a witness for some time, and finally asked—■ "Was any member of your family ever hanged?" "Yes, sir." "I thought as muoh." "Now, sir, who was it?" "Myself." "Your self! You have, been hanged?" "Yes." " Come now; no trifling. Tell the jury what you were hanged for, and how you happen to be alive to-day." " Well, Bir, a man was killed, and I was suspected of doing the deed, A mob took me out, put a rope round my neck and began to pull, when someone in the orowd shouted out that the man who had > been killed wa3 a lawyer. Then they out me down quick enough. I was given a banquet as a public benefaotor." 