PALACE, MONASTERY AND TOMB. THE ESCURIAL. It is a pleasure, if a rather melancholy one, to find in 44 Harper" a posthumous paper by the late Mr Theodore Child. It is a brilliant description of toe Esourial, toat singular and aveatiinaw iMAn \l ItlADf. fif illfl fOllklST ililltht and magnificence of toe Spanish Kings. One of the most attractive items in an excellent num ber of this charming magazine, it is as vivid and delicate as moot things Mr Child wrote. melancholy immensity. The fitft impression made Jby the Escnrial is its immensity, and tho last its melancholy. fT-l. f. — n« 4.?. .. a w»nw iwom lllA It. XUtflC IB Uu »- f nearly fills toe little town of Esenrial, for naturally a monument built in the shape of a j' gridiron to recall the instrument of torture on j whito St. Laurence suffered martyrdom is 1 rather straggling. I The immensity of it takes your breath t away ; it is not a palace, but a c/olopeau town ; and although the snn may be shining brilliantly, it look sad and funereal ith its gray walls picked out with staring joiuts of white mortar, its leaden roofs, its granite- paved surroundings, its volcanic as pect. This impression of something burned, blasted, plutonian, of some thing that baa passed through raging fire, struck me time after time as I looked upon the structure. Nor is this idea of fire iuappropriate. The palace-convent itself is built in the form of a gridiron turned upside qowo, auq mat in memory ui me jjsuuu, oau Lorenzo, who was broiled by Vaicrian ou a slow fire, and, according to Frudentins, bore his mart rdom with coolness and ever jocose irony, for when OSE side WAS roasted be had himself turned, and invited his cooks to try whether be tasted batter underdone or well doue. . . . The sur face occupied by the edifice is 39,000 eqaare metres ; the exterior facades measure more than SOU metres, &ad; are picrcid by fifteeu door and ll'b windows ; in the interior there arerixteen court- yards, eighty- six stair- c ites, eighty -eight fountains nine towers aud J 50.1 rooms; in too whole edifice there uro more than 10,000 windows and 2000 doors, while the lobbies, cloisters and coutt-vards measure in length some 7 o miles. THE GHOST OF PHILLU". The Escurial is haunted by tho gko.st o its founder, tbe grim, gloomy, fanatical Philip II., who married our own Queen Mary, and made of tho Inquisition an unexampled euginc of tyrannical power. Ho built tbe vast place as a monument to his father and himself ; but as the old Duke of Braganza said, 44 he who m&ae; such a great vow must have had a great fear." Mr Child gives us a striking picture of Philip's own quarter. With a chill of mysterious teiror you pass through a low door, aud find yourself iu a simple room, with a tiled floor aud bare whitewashed walls, relieved at their biao by the usuai blue and white tiles. The room i» lighted by three maH windows glazed witti old rough gkes, through which may be seen vast landscapes ot dark verdure and grand mountain silhouettes, which prove that the moroBe King was uot so ill adviBt'd as some writers state wheu he chose the site of bis cloistered palace. This is tbe room were Phillip JI. lived in monastic simplicity. And boasted that from the foot of his moun tain he GOVERNED THE OLD WORLD AND TUB M.W with two inches of paper. The carpet of matting interwoven with gold, and with toe double-headed imperial eagle in red, is now bung up against the wall, and the red tiles of the floor are bare. Here is toe table where Philip used to sit and annotate tstato papers ; here are his portfolio, his inkstand, hie set of pigeon-boles : here is the smaller table of his secretary, Antonio Perez ; here is a miserable arm-chair studded With brass nails, and with a leather Lack stitched into checkers. On this chair the king used to sit : and on these two stuoltf, with their cushions of greenish- brown velvet — tbe one stool bearing still traces of red lacquer, the other of black wood bound with 6ilver — his Majesty rested his ulcered legs. In the alcove to tbe right, tho great monarch slept on a bed doubtless as VULGAR AND KYEN SORDID as the ch&iis; aud tables of his silting room. Next to the alcuve is a dark oratory within walls of polished and panelled jasper. Touch u pring, the panels open aud reveal tho graud altar oi the church, and on the opposite side, in guiit bronze, tbe group oi Charles Y. KNKBLlSt; IS' ETERNAL I'CAY&R; with the women of his house beside him. Iu ibis narrow oratory Philip, in 159S, took to his bed buffering torture, his body devoured by sore, wsNting away literally like Job upon his dung-heap. Through these narrow openings in me jasper panels, with which toe irreveroud fingers of curious tourists now play, the mouarcb, worn out with care and bickness, peered with anxious eyes as the priest celebrated mass amidst the splendor of the capiila mayor. Here, m thia narrow, dark, and close corner, be died. An inscription on toe wall records the graphic summary of his end: — 44 In thin narrow chamber died Phillip II. when the world wat too small to contain the eon of Charley Y. He lived so far from the earth that hi soul aloue was living; of his body there remained but the shadow when ne finished dying." THE Ml'MMY OF 4i;i:EAT CA1;MJ.I>." And now for the end of all the might and splendor of tho hp&nish; Jlaptburgs— the race who for a brief space hold tho major part of the world'e wealth — not, as it turned out, in fee, but on sufferance : — We deeCciid into tbe royal tomb, or Pan theon. for such is toe term given by tbe Catholic Spaniards to a Christian burial- place. Tins vault, placed exactly beueath the high aitar oi' the church, is an octagon room odi t in diameter and 3bft high. You descend into it by means of a at&irc;&so; whose walls are lined with green-aud- eUow polished j&Bper.; Tbe walls of the Pantheon arc of poliehed marble, porphyry, and jasper, richly orna mented with gilt bronze capitals, bases, and angels, the whole executed by Italian artiste after the death of Philip II. As an inscrip tion informs us, the founder of toe Eecurial built only a simple vault. Philip II! . began the present gorgeous structure in 1017 ; Philip IV. completed it, and. MOVED in THE HOYA DQD1KS on tbe 17lh Maioh, 1(3-)J, after Diego de Velasquez had with his owu hands fixed in its place tbe bronze crucifix by Pedro Tacca, which he had brought back from Italy. The octagon walls contain twenty-six niches or shelve, on each of which is a grey marble sarcophagus or urn of classics! shape. On toe left are tbe kings, and on the right the mothers of kings, from Charles V. down to our own times, in 16d4 Philip IV. opened the urn containing the remains ot Charles V., aud after looking awhile at the mummified body, he said, laconically, to Luis de Haro, 44 Don Luis, cuerpo honrado." To wkiob the Prime Minister replied, t4Si, senor, muy honrado." Charles II. also opened TJnS AUGUST SARCOPHAGUS, which was again opened by Ferdinand VII. alter tne French invasion, aud ouoe more in 1S70. when the as pect of tbe mummy was oare- folly reproduced by a painter of Madrid, and photographs from this picture uow enable curious tourists lo cariy away with them an authentio portrait of the oorpse of the wrest emperor, whose features inspired so happily the brush of Titian aud the chisel of tho Leonis. 44 Silent, empty, dear and useles ; a pro- digous monument from which tbe -cool baa departed,'— that is Mr Child's dimming up of this wonderful monument. ;5t. James' Budget." 