A SOLDIER'S / SECRET. By Copt. Charles King. : Copyright. Published by special - arrange meat. 'Continued from lasl week. CHAPTER XIII. . :"OJi. Qndl My Utile ones!" There was silence nnd anxiety in the long range of winter camps about the ageiiey. Tho Twelfth wero gone. no 'body knew just whore: but over to the north, over toward tuose trowuing "tsiiu /Lands" — all tho more wild and treaclier 'ons now that the snow lmd filled every 'rift and crevice, for the jugged Biirfaee was one mass of pitfalls — other battal -ions' of hnrso were also gone, and the vigilant watch over those -Indians still clustering about their- old . haunts in the 'valley was redoubled. Tlio heavier gnns of tho field battery commanded the smoky lodges, tho lighter pieces were away with the cavalry. The infantry \- mnfilod to their oyebrows, manned the rifle pits nnd guard lino nnd threw tbeii sheltering wings over the deserted .amps/ For good or for ill, the crisis \- was at hand. Whatsoever doubt had .existed ns to tho almost universal lios tility of tho Sioux was bnuished by the events of the preceding week. The at tempted ambush of Sergeant Ellis, of Berrien's advance gnard, the attack upon the scouts ami couriers nt tlio Por enpino, and, lastly, the uffair at the Wolf, in which Brewstor a second time had gained distinction, nil pointed na eningly to one .conclusion: whatsoever might be their assurances to officials high in rank, to agents whoso pownr would bo ut oiul wero war to ensue, to self constituted f ranters of public opiu ion, every soldier on the spot knew, nnd wp!\ knew, that tho Indians would be naaceable only in presence of a foruiida 6lo force of bluecoats, but that nothing but ambush anil massuero awaited tho whites who ventured forth unguarded Dp to this moment, however, of all tlioBe gathered at the scene the only troops which had had notnal collision with the Sionx wero of Berrien's battalion. Far away south at the Pawnee old Kenyon had been doing his utmost to still tho anxious fears among the faini lies of the absent 6olilicrs. There had been lively excitement when the papers arrived giving sensational details of Ber rien's wound and of tho affair at the Porcupine, but it wns ns nothing to that which prevailed over the tidings of the imminont peril in which Mrs. Berrien and Winifred had been placed. That it was just like Mrs. Berrien to insist on joining her wounded husband ut once was conceded by nil, but opinions dif fered na to the propriety of her conrao in taking Winifred with her. This tho major decided by prompt assertion that Miss Borrien doubtless rofusod to bo loft behind. "And, being a very lovoly blending of the characteristics of both her parents," said ho, "it would havo boon decidedly unlike Miss Borrien to have stayed at homo." And then came tho droad news that a great band from tho northeaBt, roin- forced by a reckless gang of fanatical young ghost dancers from the Bad Lauds, had broken away, and that all the regiments had gone to head them oK. Far, without a fight, they could not go. The question was which regiment would bo tho iirst to meot them. Then tho next-night's mail bronght the next day's 1 PorB' and «> Twelfth, having swung fooso and being absent from the neigh borhood whence woro derived the items on which correspondents based their re- ports and editors their comments, shared toe usual fate of the absentee, and hav ing sustained toe only casualties and in flicted the only punishments yot neard of about too agency, was now coming m for Its share of toe "toujours tort to which it wns, of course, justly entitled. Kenyon first glared at and then exploded over a dispatch which read somewhat as follows: "All hope of bloodless solution of tho difficulty is now at an end. Even too most peacefully disposed among tho res ervation Indians are furious over what thoy do not hesitate to term the slaugh ter of their clansmen in the three affairs that have recently occurred, and it is an open secret that at goneral headquarters toe gravest annoyance is felt over too total overthrow of carefully laid plans, all caused by tho injudicious conduct of certain hot headed officers of cavalry. Tho friends of Whito Wolf, the princi pal 'bravo' shot by Major Berrien's troopers, declare that he and those with him were friendly and were only striving to reach too major with too nows' that couriers were coming, hoping thereby to earn something to eat, for thoy wero cold and hungry when they wero fired on without warning, nnd even while making signals of peace and friendship White Wolf was Blain. Then the Brules who were with them could not he re strained and attacked the couriers in re venge. "As for the affair at Wolf creek after toe blizzard there is unspoken denuncia tion among tho Indians, and tho 'damna tion of faint praise in other quarters of tho conduct of a cavalry officer presont. The Indians declare they had gono out only to gather up their ponies. Tho sight of the mules told them there must be an ambulance stalled somewlioro in toe drifts, and tliey were eagerly searching for it to render succor nnd aid when thoy were fired upon from ambush by the lieutenant and his men, and two of thoir ponies wero killed and one young Indian shot through the leg. The In dians declare they could easily liavo killed Major Berrien, but merely strove to defend themselves and explain, and that had they been hostile they could havo finished the lieutenant and his little squad at toe Wolf croek crossing long before reinforcements came. Altogether, ' there is something so plausible in their statements that it is understood that tho conduct botli of tho major and nt least one of his subalterns will be made the subject of official investigation." "Well, well, welll" said Kenyon. "Thank God I'm not serving a grateful nation in the hoart of the Indian coun try. It's bad enough to bo shot and worse to be lied about, and that is all tho comfort there is in being a cavalry man, if 1 do say it who am' nothing hnt a cross grained old crank of a doughboy. If this is what tho Twelfth is to get for 'a mere affair of outposts,' what the devil will be said of them if tliey should get Into a regular pitched battle? Here, Mr. Adjutant, dump that paper in toe lire, and don't let a woman at the post know anything about it. Know it al ready? How the mischief could they?" "There were half a dozen of tliom, sir, at Mrs. Haziett's reading another copy of that paper as 1 camo down. And poor Mrs. Thorpe is crying her eyes out. Slio's boon utterly upset since the news came that the Twelfth lmd been Bent out. Good God, sir, she's coming in now!" It was indeed poor Mrs. Thorpo who entered, pallid, her eyelids swollen with weeping. Old Kenyon was on his feet in an instant and leading her to a chair. "My dear madam, my dear madam," ho began, "you must not give way so. I assure you there is no cause for such dread and anxiety. Do strive to control yourself." "1 cannotl oh, Major Kenyon, I can- notl 1 have been through so much, such fearful scenes!" she Bobbed, wringing her nervous hands, rocking to nnd fro in an agony of grief. "Oh, it is easy for tooso who have not lived the life we had to live in tho old days to counsel patience, calmness. I was only a child then, kneeling at my mother's side when the news came in that widowed half the women in the post. I spent my girlhood in- toe rogiment. How many are left of toe officers who were so good to me then? Mother was only one of a dozen whose lieartB were broken — broken as, oh, God! I feel mine is to bo. Thoy took my father long years ago, now they de mand my husband, my babies' father, my all, their all! O God! O God!" "Sobbing, rocking to and fro in her uncontrollable grief, the poor girl clung to Kenyon's hand, and tlio old fellow's eyes blinked and smarted with toe tears be could not quito force back. Ho laid the other hand upon her bowed and swaying head. "My child," he said brokenly, "for your babies' sake try to bear up. Bo your father's daughter. 1 know and loved him well — knew you when you rodo your first pony at tho old fort up tho Missouri. You know well I wouldn't try to deceive you. 1 can't think the Twelfth- is to bear tho brunt of this business. They don't belong in that de partment at all. They are only bor rowed from hero, and surely thore aro troops enough thero, more than enough, to overawe that pestilent gang. All that is nocossary will bo to surround too In dians, let them see what a force we have, and they'll knuckle down. Don't cry so, Mrs. Thorpo; don't cry, my child. Let mo tako you over homo now. Just get toe little ones around you to night, and I'll bring over some famons oranges that came today, and— why, 1 don't believe the Twelfth will havo to pull another trigger. Think how muuy other' regiments and commands thore are there." "I do, 1 do, and 1 pray and pray, hut no comfort comes. Did you ever know a time when they were not in tho thick of the fight? Did you ever hoar of any time when tho loss did not fall heaviest on us?" "Don't think of thnt now," ho pleaded. "Don't borrow troublo from either past dr futuro. Come, let me take you homo, there's a good girl. 1 tell you if that baud hasn't surrendered they've scat- tered all over creation, and you can no mere catch them than you can— tliau you can—a newspaper lie. That's the strongest Hinule I can think of. Did you hear what they were saying about Berrien and Brewster?" he queried, c iger to divert her thoughts from her own misery . i di<l. Isn't it cruel? But Major Berrien has his wife and Winnie with him, and they're bringing him home ; but if poor George is shot, what can 1 do?" "Do. Why, yon shall go right to him it I have to give myself a seven days' leave and take you." Ami so, soothing, comforting as best he knew how, the veteran'major led her home to her wondering brood, to the laughing, crowing baby leaping in the nurse's arms, delighted to see the little mother again, to the joyous children romping iu the firelight, innocent of care or fear, and then striving for their sake to still her sobs, to dry her tears, he left her to put the little ones te bed, to clasp their folded hand in hers as the wee, white gowned girlies knelt nt her side echoing — God only knew with what piteous entreaty— the lisping prayer for his divine protection for the loved father, the devoted husband, the gallant soldier who that very diy lmd fought his last fight and lay lifeless on the frozen soil. ovet too eastward bluffs, cold and gray, tho morning light had slowly crept to tho zenith. Over tho sky was spread one limitless pall of cloud, cheerless and repellent — a pall so denso that not ono friendly star had peeped, not ono rift of sunshine now could force its way. All below, bleak, frowning and stillon, a bare and blasted landscapo; low hills and ridges east and west, low lying shal low and swalo between, cheorloss, tree less, shrnbless, not oven a veil of snow to hide its nakedness, to lend one pity ing touch to break too dull, dead monot ony of its wintry desolation; sweeps and slopes rolling away unbroken to tho frowning horizon at tho west, sterner, harslior lilies among the bluffs across toe tortuous stream bed, between wlioso ragged banks an icy, lonely and dismal rivulet is curdling now, spreading out into frozen shallows at too flats, moan ing and complaining nrotind its warped and sudden bends, desolato as tho sur rounding desolation, deserted ns tho Dead sea, its hanks repellent even to such sharers of Dakota solitudes as the coyote anil tho cottonwood, shunned of man or beast or tree— a stream of silence and gloom at tho dawn of this December day, and so cheerless is its every sur rounding, so appalling tho unnatural hush, that ono would novor dream of life upon its blasted banks. Yet, listen! Unseen, but dominant, the sun has risen above tho eastern hills, and, as tho light broadens even where it cannot warm, there floats upon tho air from far away at the southwest, faint and clear, a cavalry trumpet call; soft at first, then crescendo, it ceases sud denly in shrill high noto. It thrills through anil through a raro atmosphero unruffied by tho fleeting wing of har- diest bird. Like tho wistful call of scat tered quail it seems to 6ay, "Where aro you?" And prompt, expectant of tho coming of faithful mate, listen againl From the dim recesses to tho north, somewhere among tlieso baro and des olato slopes, tlio answor rises, quick, ringing, oven imperative, nnd the signal reads, "This way." Groping through tlio bitter darkness of tho December night a cavalry column has sought and, just at tlio opening of this cheerless December day, lias found its mate. The comrndo battalions of toe Twelfth aro within hail. "Forwardl" rings tho signal from the southwest. Forward with them, then, around that point at tho low bluff to our front, and in the ghostly, gathering light tho scene is before us, tho tale is almost told. There, thickly dotting tho prairio and covering the low ground, its wigwams smoke begrimed and dingy, lies an In dian encampment; but evon iu such shelter as this the hostilo hordo has fared far better than they who through the long, freezing uight havo kept watch and ward lest again tho wary chief should slip through the meslios. It has como at last. The big warrior's fnnat- ical braves havo made tlioir rush, Ber rien's men tho tackle. Back flow tho signal with the setting sun. Up through the night camo Fnrquhar with "tlio guards." Hero in front the four old troops wo know so well havo shivered for h'ours about tho village. Here, nlort . and de termined, Rolfo and Hazlett, Thorpe and Gorliain, have clung to front, flnnk and rear, well knowing that so soon as tlio colonel got the news he would not only speed too second battalion on its way, hnt, gathering any other forces ho could find, would rido the long night through, if need were, to join his men. Storn and silent Rolfo is standing at the bank of the stream, wearied onotigh, yet certain that thero is no rest before them. On him as senior tho command has devolved in tlio absonco of the bo- loved major now being tenderly nursed and comfortably trundled, hoinoward in tho warm interior of a Pullman. No excitement, no cheer attends tlio coming of the column now at steady, soldierly gait winding into the shallow depression. Rolfo kiiows that without Fnrquhar and his re-enforcements attack upon or inter ference witli so formidable a band would be worse than desperation. Ho knows that with Farquhar his own position will bo only that of subordinate, and that he must obey. Ho knows liow, wero lio su premo, a thousand troopers at liis hack, ho would conduct matters now. But Farquliur is a soldier long accustomed botli to obedience and to command; Rolfo is one to whom obedience comes with laggard grace, to whom command is op portunity for lavish vent of his imperious will. Orders or no orders, if ho liad tho power he would deal death to the rabid renegades beCoroliim. Orders to "bring on the Indians, but not bring on a light," to his thinking are orders like thoso which should forbid a man's going to water until ho had learned to swim. Orders to disarm but not molest aro simply something Epjiolaughfid tvBfiom, When were the ' Sioux ever known : to Eiinender tlioso precious arms? Snoh things when reported in years gone by turned out to be as rusty . shams as tho arms turned in. Rolve was in mood as sullen as tho . morn, and tho signs about the now bustling village were not to his liking. Over among the tepees blanket ed squaws were scurrying about, their shrill voices suppressed, but their black eyes flashing hatred at the silent squads of troopers, carbines ready in hand, watching every move within the guarded lines.. Young women and -boys were belaboring tho gaunt and dejected ponies. Eager gestures and low exclamations called attention to the coming force, and in groups the warriors, shrouded to tho very lips in their heavy robes, stood or sat in conncil; but all tho while, darting from point to point with fierce declam atory gestnre, went Mcpliisto himself in tho Indian "medicine man." Mark! wheresoever he goes eager ears aro bent to hear his exhortation. "My Godl why can't I arrest him at \- least? With that old scoundrel done for the rest might not bo so hard," is Rolfo's impatient exclamation. ' "Simply because tho attempt would lead to instant fight," is Hazlett's cool reply. "But, man, he's putting them np to organized resistanco. He's giving them, some instructions now; yon can see it just as well as I do." "Who'doesn't? but" — A suggestive slirag of the shoulders indicates the brother captain's opinion. "You know the old saying, Rolfo, 'Ours not to make reply."' "Who's in command of those advanced men fronting that part of the village?" nsks Rolfo after a moment's gloomy, pause. "Brewster. Don't yon see? He's talk ing .with Sergeant Ellis there now." Rolfo grinds his heavy boot heel into the frosted bunch grass not moro harsh ly than. he grinds his teeth. "By heav en 1 Hazlctt, hear nio witness to this, for there's no telling how things will turn, out today. . If I had my way those two men would have been brought to book und made to explain instead of. having posts of honor here. Farquhar refused to listen to another word on tho subject until wo got homo again: then it maybe too Into." "Well-1, I can't understand what yon have against .them both or either," is Hazlett's reply. "And I can't explain here or now, but- wait till we're homo again, Hazlett, if wo ever get there." Farther down, to the left two other troop commanders have boen.yratohing the symptoms among the swarming lodges. ...... ; . V "There'll be tho devil's work this day, Thorpe," says Gorhnin at last -with gloomy brow.. ...... t And Tliorpe .only bows his head. ; .. Threo hours later-look upon the scene. The! open prairie on tho hither side of the yillagp is; no .longer tennntless, :as it was at dawn. Two parallel lines con front each other there. In dogged submission to the orders of their captors and- tho mandate pf the big whito chief which has been laid be fore them, silent, sullen, muffled to the eyes in diugy rob.e.or blanket, the braves have slowly moved out from their lurk ing places among the topees and shuffled down tho gentle slopo until well away from tho outskirts of tliqir town, and just in front of o long, silent rank of dis mounted troopers they squat upon tho ground. No word is spoken by either side. Here crouch tho savago leaders of tho hostile tribe, and, in long extended line, scores of their fiercest and bravest. Others Etill lurk among the squaws nnd lodges. Others peer with glittering, malignant eyes from under heaps of foul smelling robes or parfleches. Those m the outing glanco but furtively at tho blue lino before them. They are silent as tho dead, j-et the war cry trembles on their lips. They wait, but wait expectant. Thoy crouch, but it is the tiger's crouch, ready for a spring. The word lias been passed that all arms must be surrendered, and every arm is there, ready, hidden, but "with tho lightning sleeping in it." Back among those brown, dingy te pees, breathless with excitoment, squaws are scurrying to and fro; children are being huddled away to the further Bide. "Look at that, Curl-," mutters Warren under his frozen .mustache, as lie passes rapidly along in rear. "Isn't that enough to show they mean mischief?" Some of tho indian police nnd interpreters are still searching for wurriors in hiding. Yet has not the old chief bowed his as sent to tho orders and given hiB direc tions that his people should comply? Nothing must be, can bo done so long as tho Indian makes no overt move. The dismounted men of two troops ore in long single rank. Somo of the men shiver a little, for cold and excitement aro telling now, as in many cases over coats liavo been thrown aside, hut bravo men tremblo ofttimes until the first shot comes, and then the nervous strain is. gone, for the hot blood leaps and tingles through the veins. Back some distance tho horso herders are aligned. Off to tho flanks and rear comrade troops gaze silently on the scene. From tho crest of a low bluff the black muzzle of the Hotclikiss gun peers from its knot of watchful batterjmen. Farquhar, vigi lant and grave, has just sent Warren with other orders. A halfbreed Indian steps forth, as though to carry its im port to tho chief. At him the eyes of the old maniac of a medicine man glare with tigerish fury. He lowers his feath ered head. He crouches. n ncn, snddenly, a catlike leap, a wild yell. Off goes every blanket, as though lmvlcd by the explosion from within. In simultaneous crush the flame and lead have leaped upon tho trooper' lino, nnd now through tho veiling smoko every Indian is fighting like a demon. Down goes many a sturdy soldier, vet eran sergeant, bravo faced boy. Tho line reels witli tho sudden shock,- but in an instant men like Thorpe and Brews ter mid Randolph leap forward among tho men and their voices ring with the clamor of battlo. Back- up the slope", scurrying, stooping low, firing, dropping ju their tracks, tho Indians are making for the shelter' of- their topeee— <-for' thd skirts of the Hquuivs. WhatSioui Woihi an -fonts to die in defense of 'her brave? What "Sioux wurriori- disdiiius to'shielS himself 'from fooman'S blow arid to shoot from- tho covert of the '.sheltering' forrri of his devoted wife?' "For God's sake, mon, head 'em off! Don't let them back among tho women," is tho yell. But Indian taotics, stooping to anything, stopping at nothing, are too much for men trained to fight only na soldiers and gentlemen. AlrendysquowB aro nisbiug forward, knife and revolvor in hand. Already tho hidden savages aro firing from under tent or travois. Already a Bcore of tho best and bravest of tho Twelfth have bit tho dust. Curly Brewster's arm is smashed byriflo 1ml-. let: Thorpo, cheering ou his men, head ing them in their rapid retnm fire, plunges suddenly to earth with one gasp ing, cry, "Oh, God! My littlo one-sl' Rolfo, riding lilco mad a dozon yards ahead of his men in wild effort to cutoff tho backwnrd move, tumbles in senseless heap at tho very fcot of a knifo wielding fury, of a woman, who is only laid low just as her clutch is on his hair, her gloaming blado at Iris throat. Aye,. on this bleak and barren nnd cheerless field, under theso leaden skies, beside the black waters, streakod now with curdling red tlio battlo fiond is loose; thero is, indeed, "the devil's work this clay," bnt where the blame lies as hetwoou tho soldier, who must fight or die and those who, far and near, east and weet, so promptly lashed him as squaw shooter, babo slayer, let the God of battles denlde. . . . CHAPTER XIV. , / . i i "How's the arm today, BtUst" A. month later nnd Holden has his wounded safely housed under tho roof of thp, hospital, at old Pawnee, many .severely ; shattered or suffering groat pain; Many will hear to their dying day mementos of that savago Decem ber battle. Some of tlio twoscore sra doing very well: others perhaps have done better, and are sleeping under the flag. A busy man is Holden, and a very proud one, as ho has the right to he, for one and all .the troopora lovo to speak of : him as their "fighting sawbones." Ho was in the thick of it nil when tho rash of the rearward mounted troops swopt into and through those fire spitting lodges, nnd the Indians — warriors, sqnaws and . children — were scattering, ; fighting fiercely all tho way to, the. shelter of the ravines among the blnffs. Tireless as over he and his assistants are constantly at tho bedsides of tho wound-; ed. So is tho chaplain, ono of tho church militant, whoso "sonl's in. arms and eager for the fray," for his friends of tho Twelfth aro under two fires. Gallantly and well have they with- : . stood that which, with sndden treachery at tho hands pf .their savage, foes, flashed: in their very faces. But they liavo no redress as. against this-rtlris civilized lashing nt their very backs. Tho par-, son's sermon. Sunday morning in answer to tho driveling sentimentality of cer-: tain misguided ecclesiastics far from tho sccno of conflict utmost lifted old Ken- yon und ills comrades out of their seats. Tho major hugged his chaplain after scrvico and stopped to shako hands with liim every timo ho met him during tho afternoon. In many a pulpit east of tho Missouri with tearful fervor was tho picture drawn of those helpless, plead ing Indian mothers, those shriokiug, ter rified littlo Indian .. babes, ruthlessly slaughtered by a brutal and infuriated soldiery. Nor wero the clergy without warrant for their "bottom facts,'! since in somo mysterious way the representa tives of the press, hovering ahont that impersonal section; of military anatomy known as headquarters, wero Hooding tho columns of their journals with para graphs ahont the wanton killing of wo men and children in tho fight in front of the Twelfth. "Holy Joo," as tho parson had been termed, knew well tho day when, in the seclusion and simplicity of his seminary lifo, lio would have swallowed whole., just such statements and turned np the whites -of, his eyes in sympathetic horror at tho recitah -. But the man of God on tho banks of the Merrimnc and his brother ip tho cross on the upper Mis souri see very different sides of, tbo vex ing Indian, .question. "Holy . Joo" at Pawnee; this sparkling month pf, Janu ary wjis mad clear through at the indig- . nities and aspersions cast upon lriB hluo- coated comrades. . He. wrestled with. tlio . brethren of his cloth and do\yned them, ; He even darpd to establish a censorship., of the press and tp kopp from tbo. hands, , of his' precious, wpquded those journals which hud 'assailed. tlio Twelfth. ; 1 ' 'He had had his, hands full, .poor fel low, long before tlio wounded ctuno, for; those were dire days am) nights after tho,: news .was flashed .to the .post . and. tho widowed' arid father essi in their afflic tion were thrown upon his hands.. Poor Mrs. Thorpe! Ah, she was only one of several.; There was, . wailing among the . wives and little ones down where once., the soldiers' families wero so thickly clustered. There were other households in dreud anxiety. Thero ' wero women . . broken down with grief arid sleepless watching. There was ono so. ill she, conld not eveu'now be told sho vyould never look upon tho face of her gallant, ; soldier again. . But draw r the voil. It was on such bleeding hearts and on the " mon who bore tho brant of the fiercest 'o fighting: 0f the campaign that tho lash < :'Pf press and; pulpit folk " . But old - Kenyon was in his element. JTo tjie.ho'st arid .kindliest of men thero is jin being able to say "Didn't I toli yori sor' a joy that surpasses tho sweets of ; religious consolation. It was something to hear hiih declaiming among tho artil lery arid infantry officers during tlio days that followed; tho announcement of official investigation at the expense of the Pawnee :battnlions, . .'.'Why, gentle men," said he, "I have never ceased to \- .thank God I didn't toko the chance for j promotion that came. in the reorganiza-. ; tion twenty years ago. I was ono of tho | senior captains of infantry then. I conld have got ono of thoso cavalry vacancies just as well as not — been n yellow major ten years beforo the leaves dropped on my shoulders in tho blno; but' if by any chance 1 were ordered 'into tho dragoons today I'd swap out or quit for good. From the time those Bloods and Piegans got their deserved thrashing at the hands of Tim Baker's battalion I'vo known enough to steer clear of it. You know, those facts as well as I do. Yon. know those Indians had been murdering, robbing, burning, pillaging, for two years. You know how all Montana begged and implored General Shoridan to put a stop to it Thoro was no eutchr .ing them until winter, and then whan he sent those Second cavalry fellows up . thore with orders to thrash shc'ol ont of them, what was tho rosult? Didn't the .papers east and west turn to and damn him and them? Didn't they dub him 'Piegan Phil' from that timo forth? No, sir, no cavalry service for mo. Thero's' Only ono tiring harder than tho knocks! that thoy have been gotting for tho last' twenty years on tho frontior, and that's the knocks they've had to boar at home." But toward the end of January tho old post was beginning to plnck np heart again, and to the keen delight of Mrs. Berrien and Winifred their particular major, was able to drivo with them, bundled up in his fnrs, and lolling back in tho cushions of Berengaria'a haroucho, as he termed his wifo'b comfortable car riage, with that rejoicing matron by hia side distributing smiles and sunshine and joyous nods of recognition wherever she went, everybody waving hand or hat or handkerchief as they bowled along! and Winifred — bonny Winifred — beam ing upon her father from the front, seat. Very, very sweet Miss Berrien was look ing just now,, said all whoriaw her; yot thero was a shade of wistfnlnesa in her face, a constant expression about those deep, dark eyes that seemed to tell they were over on watch for one who never camo. Shattorod as was his saber .firm, Curly Brewster had scoffed at tho idea of being sent back to Pawnee. "What's tho use?" lie said. "I worild bo utterly ulono there, while horo I have nil the fellows about me. What hotter caro do I need?" In tho midst of nil their triala and an noyances, in tho thick of the whirl .of events that followed, their sharp arid sudden fight, tho offlcors and men of the T,welfth found themselves more closely drawn together oven than before. Very littlo was said when outsider J wero by as to tlio depth of fooling aroused in their ranks by tho unaccountable crit icism of tho presa . Vory little had to be said in tho officinl investigation of the affair to clear them, ono and all, of the array : of- allegations lodged at their doors. But that every man, from the colonel down, boro away from tho field of their winter's travail a senso of in- . ji|ry beyond the sour of savago missile, who conld doubt, who conld blanio? It did riot prevent their having some quiet fiin of their own, howover. Gray haired Farquhar was whimsical in iris sym pathy with Roife, whoso scalp had boon saved by tho man of all others ho had most reviled — Sorgeant Ellis. Randolph !rom tho recesses of tho hospital tont poked no end of gibos at Ridgoway, who bad lost his eyeglasses in tho morning fight and had been nearly run off with by the Sioux. As for Rolfo's plight, "ho lost all tho skin from tho sido instead of iho top of hia head," laughed Gorb.-un. It was pitiable enough to make the boys forget tlio uuatority of his past, for to Mb dying day Rolfo would carry tho marks of his involuntary "Bcrap with n squaw," as Randolph termed it. "Rolfe's scars havo come to tho surface," chimed in Warren, who never could got along with him. They all hoped that ho would go back to Pawneo with tho .wounded, train, and he did. So, too, did Ellis, wearing on the arm in a sling the now chevrons of n first surgoant, won, ua said his colonel in presenting thorn, "together, .with tho heartioHt: recommendation :for a medal: of .liouor 1 could write, fur bravery ou tho field of battle. Rolfo turned his bandaged head away wheu Holden guvo him all tho story. He know not what to think, much Iosb what to say. Ellis hail leaped through tho swarm of lighting bravos und with tho butt of his earbino dashed asido tho uusoxtd ' Bond whoso clutching claws wore in tho ' captain's hair, and then had fought, like a tiger over tho prostrate body and saved the life of tho man who hull maligned him. "Odo hnlf second moro and you were gone. Rolfo," said Holdbn gravely. ' "1 nover said ho wasn't a fine soldier," answered Rolfo faintly. ,"Perhnp3 1 didn't know him aright." ; "That isn't all thero is to it, Rolfo." was the doctor's reply. "Ho Is moro ,.)h«n a soldior. Ho is a gentleman, and ( I know it" j.'! Vet when Rolfe expressed a desire to 'pee and speak with Ellis later he calmly .' begged the doctor to excuse him. But just why Brewstor would not go homo with the wounded the boys could pot quite understand. He would bo off duty for mouths. He might not swing saber again for a . year. Miss Berrien was thero, all readiness, no doubt, to thank;, him warmly for, all bo had done fo save her and her mother from the blizzard, from the Indians, and heoven knows what all— to bless him for hia rescue of papa— to. beam upon him with thoBO wondrous dark eyes, thought poor Ridgoway, who felt somehow that, after all his cake was all dough. .. And yet 'Curly wouldn't go. What was more, ho had never so :»ucb os exchanged oi . \ l'.,.. : ,:! '. I it::, v.n.'. - . I : word with Winifred .Berrien from the moment ,of .the! discovery of tho ambu lance. It waari'B thrhop." as Murphy said, that hud the honor, of conveying! the ladies on to camp, and tho bedsido of ; the astonished major! it whs a blow ic Winifred to loam that within twelve hours af tor their arrival the old battalion had ridden away, Brewster with it "I know why Curly doesn't driro go' back," said ono of tlio sages of tho bach elor moss. "He's afraid Knowles will comeout and insist on lugging him oil to town to bo nnrsod nndpr his roof or, else of her going ont to nurso him. Begad! it -may bo tough, but It's a heap safeT hero." And so "Autinous" re mained with 'ris follows in trie wintry field, and old Berrien, who never conld be got to write a letter to anybody fonnd he conld stand it no longer. He hade Borengarin writo and say— well > something; something really must be said about how thoy appreciated bis conduct; "bygones bo bygones:? some tiring, anything; ho didn't know. Bhe did; she always knew just what .to Bay "So write, Bess." "But I have, Dick." "Berengarial And without my con : sent?" , "Richard Plautngoriot, Crerir do Lion,- Teto do Venn, of course — ten days ago.? "What did you Bay?" "Everything that was proper, I trust': "What did ho nayF" . .... "Nothing." "Didn't be answer!" "How could he.' Dick? Yori enri't with two hands;' he has but ono, the left at that." . . - ...: : "Ho might have got somebody to writs for him. 1 did." : "So did he." "Thought you ;said he didn't say any thing." ... „ "Well, he didn't Ho said everytliiut that was gentlemanly conrteons.-appn- , clative, nnd yet— nothing. A model. let ter, Dick." ' ; . "What doeB Winnie say?" , ... ... "Nothing." ' ' ' ' : "Didn't she soo it?' ' 1:1 "Why should Bhe, Dick? Two months ago you practically forbade thoir ineet ing." "ri.l "Oh. I know: but— I-didn'Mcriow:hiiii: then.'-' "Not even nftor Boven.iyoars' .serviw with him, Dick?" ... "Oh, well, that— (that party; in. .petti, coats there in town, 1 didn'tJtnow hei as- well as— well, sis after 1 heard "all about her from thoso fellows ' iir the Eloventh." ' - ' ' : , : uBut I knew her. Dick, 'from; the- start." : "1 know yon did, Bess. I Yon Isaidlso . and I suppose live been . an ass. " naitl Berrien ruefnlly. ' : " "You sometimes do cross the danger lino, Dick, dear. . That is, when 1 , UA Yon-" I Tho major had nothing to say in re: sponso to this nchnsation. Ho pondered in silonce a moment. "Woll.'a follow can change his ; mind, can't ho; as well as a woman?' ' "Not as woll as n woman, Dick. : EttitJ ho can change. And suppriso u certain follow wero to change his mind now and take six months' leave and go, away u. , bo cured?" "What! BrowBtcr change his nrind?- abont Winnie, do yon rnunn? Why. con found him! I'd round him np so quick— The Idea of his going back on Winnie ' Why if I thought such a tiling possiliU Pd have him hero on his knees lit b»i feet inside of a weok." "Oh, no, you wouldn't, Dick." said sho, laughing softly. "Wouldn't? Why not?" "Jnst becunso two women wouldn't let you — 1 for ono, Winnie for .two.", , . "You still think sho cores for' him?" "1 won't answer that. Dick. But this," with sadden change from bor laughing manner, "1 will say, no matter who! she cored or how she suffered, neither you nor i, Dick, nor any one of us oe this wido oarth, would evor wring oa< ; word.ttom her lips-" (To be cc-n'-irvued.) . 