PASTORAL QUEENSLAND. (From the Tizmes Special Correspondent, Mies Shaw). 3LACKALL, W. QUEENSLAND. IT is difficult to imagine a more absolute antidote for the too much London from which so many people suffer at home than a five hundred mile drive through Queensland bush with the thermometer hovering about 100deg. in the shade, and breezes, scented by their passage over half a continent of grass, cooling the otherwise unendurable heat. The buggy in which you drive has an awning, a " station hand" canters after you with horses to select a change from-if you can catch them--when yours are tired, and for yourself there is nothing to do but to jog quietly over the mileage from sunrise to sunset with the assurance of station hospitality at the end of the day. The stages are long, for the stations are wide apart and there is nowhere to stop midway, but the roads here are not like the South African roads. They are tracks that run smooth and firm over rolling plains, where at any moment you might, with a very small stretch of imagination, fancy yourself in the heart of a big English park. The country does not in the English sense of the word resemble either "bush" or "downs." It is simply rich pasture land, which sweeps away in fine open breadths on all, sides and carries timber enough to redeem it from the monotony of mere fodder. In the summer of a good season, cattle stand sometimes shoulder-deep in the long grass. At this spring time of the year it recalls Midland meadows before the buttercups are out. The timber, of course, when seen close at hand is strange. Boree and gidyah, coolibah and whitewood, briggelow, muilgah, and myall are the unffamiliar names by which you learn to :i?ecognise the commonest varieties. A hun dred degrees of Fahrenheit does not mean the same thing in this high and generally dry atmosphere that it.would mean in Eng land or in the low lands of the coast. You are permeated with sunshine, soaked with it through and through in a way which must, you feel, be supremely wholesome. The in vigorating smell of the earth is always in your nostrils; you are frankly hot, but you are not overpowered. A hundred is far from being the limit to which the thermometer rises'; 110deg. is common, and during the summer it has been known to reach 125deg. in the shade. When you ask, What shade ? you are answered that it was the only shade there was, and it therefore represented the temperature at which people had to live. Houses differ very much. A well- planned verandah, painted white and covered with a vine, which is not allowed to exclude air, will be as much as lO0degs. cooler than one upon which the sun's rays are allowed to beat; and the temperature taken at one station may vary proportionately from the temperature taken on the same day at an other. The figures, even when given by credible witnesses, cannot be taken as always strictly accurate. As for the figures of sun temperature, they are bounded by nothing but the conscience of the reporter. Still, the heat is fierce. Not only does your face burn to a color which is scarcely human, but the protection of clothing does not prevent arms, wrists, and ankles from peeling. This ardour of climate has probably more effect than is altogether recognised upon persons who are constantly exposed to it, and the alternation from summer heat to the frosts of winter, which is bracing to man, is distinctly trying to vegetation. The lovely gardens of Mackay and Cairns, with their profusion of flowers, fruit, and spice, cannot be reproduced here. Tropical plants cannot resist the winter, and the hardy plants of temperate climates droop and fade under the scorching sun. The amenities of life generally are hard to procure in the bush. Existence is whole some, uncomplicated, large, and free; it is lacking in daily pleasantness. Four iron walls and a mud floor; instead of a window, an aperture which could be closed at will by a rough hinged plank; a partition, behind which there were two beds and some furniture converted from old pack ing cases, represented the Home of a fairly well-to-do working man at the first mail change at which we stopped. No enclosure, no garden. In dry weather dust, in wet weather mud, up to-I cannot call it the threshold, for there was none, but to the uncertain line at which bush ended and house began. The inside of a big tin biscuit box could not have been simpler, and it might easily have had the advantage of being cleanel. And this may be taken as fairly representative of the home which a poor man out in the bush thinks good enough for him self. On the stations the cottages which are provided for the permanent hands are some times as good as can be desired, but it is on the whole an exception. The isolation and constant association with the extremes of external nature seem to have a roughening tendency, of which the limits are hard to fix. Food is plentiful to an extent unknown at home. Wages are high, and the man who is content to have a home little better than an animal's lair will expect and get three solid meat meals a day,. nor know what want means in a material sense. But throughout the West one is struck by the absence of pleasure and its civilizing influences. Human nature rebels, and the universal relaxation is to drink and gamble. This does not, of course, apply to head- station life, except in so far as it also, by mere force of isolation, lacks some of the elements of daily pleasant ness. Head station life can no more be classed than can the life of country gentlemen in England; it is what the owner or manager chooses to make it. Of necessity it is less luxurious, but in fundamental characteristics it bears so strong a resemblance to English country-house existence that, as you become acquainted with it, it seems only the natural culmination of the home-like associations of the bush. You may chance to meet a travelling whirl wind. In the distance it looks like the smoke of a grass fire. But it travels along, those that I have seen generally moving at the rather leisurely pace of a slow locomotive. As it comes nearer you perceive that the rate of progression bears an infinitesimal propor tion to the rate of revolution, and that it carries a column of dust, thickened by all the stray bits of wood, grass, or foliage which it has stripped from the country in its passage. If it chances to pass by a wool-drying floor where wool is exposed, a couple of bales are swept up in a moment, after which prank it dances sedately away like a mischievous ghost over the plains. The circumference of the column it makes may be not more than 30 or 40 feet, but the carrying power is very great, and even a side blow, when you think that you have given it a pretty wide berth, may chance to overturn buggy and horses. Rain is not frequent, but if it comes you begin to understand the important part which the wet weather filled in the records of the shearer's strike. That it plays on your person and horses for short intervals with the volume and force of the hose of a fire engine is, comparatively speaking, nothing; you are quit of that at the price of a shower bath. But it renders locomotion absolutely impossible. The soil appears to be mixed with cobbler's wax and sticks to tilme horse's feet and the wheels of the buggy till the wheels refuse ultogether to go round. The animals, like the timber, too, are strange. Kangaroo and wallaby are as fond of grass as the sheep, and after a pelican's yawn there are few things funnier to witness than the career of an "old man" kangaroo, with liis harem after him, when the approach of a buggy disturbs thie family at their after noon meal. Away they go, the little ones cantering briskly, he in a shaggy gallop, with his long tail stuck out for a balance, and a perpetual see-saw maintained between it and his short front paws, while the hind legs act as a mighty spring under the whole construc tion. The side and the back view remind you of a big St. Bernard dog, the front view of a rat. You begin an internal debate as to which he most resembles, and in the middle of it you find that he is sitting up on his haunches, which gives him a secure height of from 5ft. to 6ft., and is gravely considering 'you with thie air of the ol man hle is named from. It is impossible to help wondering, in the light of his kindly inquisitive eye, what hlie in his turn may be thinking of you. The first station upon which I was received had an extent of 1,500 square miles, and carried nearly half a million sheep. Its wool clip: for this yeas was 5,000 bales, which, estimating them at £12 apiece, would repre sent a return of £60,000 firom wool alone, and the stock for sale may be fairly estimated at another £20,000 or £25,000. From the beginning it is impressed upon you that the pastoral industry is the industry of the rich man. In the course of a drive of between four and five hundred miles, though the whole of the ground was taken up and fenced, I passed altogether only 12 stations. All these are held under pastoral leases at a very low rent, with a percentage of what is called "resumed area"-that is, area resumed by the Govern ment for the purpose of letting on more advantageous terms in grazing lots of 20,000 acres. The resumed area is open for selection by anyone who desires to take a grazing lot, but until it is taken up the original holder retains the right of grazing over it. These resumed areas cover, I believe, about a third of the land which has been brought under the operation of the Act, but they are far from having been all taken up. They repre sent an endeavour to subdivide the enormous pioneer holdings and to get more out of the land by encouraging small settlements. Several of those which I visited supplied object lessons of what is possible in Queens land to the steady and competent workman. One of them had been taken by a dammaker, now the owner of 11,000 sheep. The master of another had been a shearer. Subdivision; if it can be accompanied by a corresponding distribution of water, is a great economy of pasture. At present few stations are sub divided into paddocks smaller than 20,000 acres apiece. If in each of these there is but one waterhole or dam than can be relied upon to hold out in drought, sheep and cattle will destroy as much grass in tramping from the far corners of the grazing to the drinking spot as they will eat. Four paddocks of 5,000 acres each, well supplied with water, ought to carry almost double number of sheep. It is also impossible to fix the limits of im provement in the breed of sheep which will tend to make small holdings profitable. The favourite breed throughout the Barcoo, I believe tihe west of Queensland generally, is the merino, and the object of every sheep owner is of course to put as much wool on to every back as it will carry. Fleeces vary even now in weight from 31b. to 71b., and, as one sheep costs no more than another to feed and shear, the fluctuation of the margin of profit to the acre is self-evident. But, though these calculations can be easily made on paper, it has to be remembered that both artificial water supply and improvement of breed involve a very considerable outlay. Selections worked without capital can only exist in conjunction with large stations, which on occasions of emergency lend them the benefit of their reserves of grass and water. Without this neighbourly help to fall back upon selectors would run a chance of losing their whole stock in times of drought. Up to the present time nothing has therefore been done to disprove the accepted theory that for permanent success the pastoral industry demands the employ ment of a considerable capital. All that has been done is to show that by the application of a larger proportion of capital to the acre smaller holdings will become profitable-in other words, that the modern tendency of the industry is to pass into tile hands of a larger number of smaller capitalists than have been interested in it in the past. At present it is generally held that the pastoral industry is suffering from the malady of over-capitalisation through which the sugar industry has passed. Really valuable estates have been purchased for sums so large that what would otherwise have been a success leaves the returns still unsatisfactory. In addition to this the purchase has in the majority of cases been effected with money borrowed at 8 per cent. or 10 per cent., and without entering for the moment into other causes of depression, it may be taken as an indication of the highly profitable nature of the industry that it can, under the circum stances, continue to pay its way at all. Of the twelve stations which lay upon my road, only three, I understood, were the property or part property of the occupiers. The others were owned by. companies formed in Victoria or elsewhere and worked by resident managers who lived in the head stations. This system of possession by "impersonal capital," as the local labour leaders are fond of phrasing it, is one of the most constantly alleged causes of the troubles which led to last year's strike. It is not a question upon which to form hasty opinions; but I would point out that it is a confusion of issues to speak, as is sometimes done, of absenteeism here in the sense in which it applies, for instance, to Ireland. In the one case it is a question of pleasure property, which, in the absence of the owner, is left unimproved; in the other of an industrial undertaking which is conducted, like any other industrial enterprise, by the paid representatives of thie owner or owners. It is equally to his interest and theirs that it should be sucess fully carried on. I may add that for evidences of prosperity, development, and provision for the comfort of the hands employed, amongst those that I saw, the "managed" stations were at the head of the list. This implies no reflection upon the others. It merely means that the managed stations were the richest. If impersonal capital is to be taken to mean, as in the local acceptation it appar entl3 does, only subscribed capital, it is diffi cult to understand what difference it can make whether the money spent belongs to one person or to twenty, so long as it comes to the land without any burden of previous interest. But an evil which it would indeed be desirable to avoid is the employment of capital which has been borrowed and re borrowed without renovating its value by productive employment. Thus the English investor lends money into a land and mort gage company and receives a fair rate of interest. Thie land and mortgage company lends it at a higher rate to an Australian bank. The bank lends it at a still higher interest to the station owner, and by the time it gets to the land it must pay profit to thie owner, interest to thIe bank, interest to the land and mortgage company, and interest to the English investor. It is difficult to see at present how this multiplication of middle men can be helped. Some day, when the conditions of colonial securities are as well known in London as they are to local banks, the station owner will be able to borrow without intermediary from theEnglish inves tor, and thie land will only have to pay profit and interest once. With her surplus labour and immense mass of capital, for which it is often difficult to find remunerative invest ment, England has precisely that to give which the colonies want. It is only a ques tion of time and accurate information to organize the conditions of mutual utility. 