The Advertiser. FRIDAY, AUGUST 11, 1893. The Estimates of Expenditure presented to the House of Assembly yesterday bear unmistakable signs of careful and economical preparation. A large decrease is proposed in the ordinary outlay on public establishments and services, which will be considerable even when a deduction is made for Supplemen tary Estimates to a reasonable amount, assuming that the latter will be necessary. The total sum voted on the Estimates for 18S2-3, after the large reductions made by the Downer Govern ment, was £1,672,118. It appears that the actual expenditure for the twelve months reached £1,698.998, showing an excess of £2G,580 on the outlay author ised. One of the most remarkable features of the Estimates brought down for the current year is the small amount of the unexpended balances requiring to be revotcd. The total of these balances included in the proposed outlay for 1893-4 is only £4,731---probably the lowest figure yet recorded. The Esti mates for 1892-3 were weighted with un expended balances to the amount of no less than £62,409. In the previous year the total was £56,787, and in 1883-00 it was £60,058. It is to be assumed that hist year there were numerous items of expenditure which could no longer be delayed, while some of the proposed outlay has waited so long that the Govern ment have come to the conclusion that it can be dispensed with altogether. The expenditure to bo voted for 18!>3-4, including the unexpended balances brought forward, is £1,631,038. Tiiis sum is £07,060 less than the actual out lay of the last financial year. The present Estimates are, however, subject to further redactions on account of the proposed pro rata curtail ment of all salaries above £150. This measure is expected to effect a saving on the ordinary Estimates of £9,400, bringing down the total grant for the year to £1.G21,G35. To what an extent the policy of retrenchment has been carried during the past two years will appear when we mention that, as compared with the votes passed on the original and supplementary Estimates for 1891-2, the present Estimates provide'for a total saving of about £150,000. Economy has been studied in all the spending departments of the State. Beginning with those under the direction of the Chief Secretary we find that the police vote has been reduced to £80,744 from £84,782 voted and actually spent last j-ear. This is one of the lines of public expenditure in which we have fortunately been able to retrench to a considerable extent. In 1884-5 police expenditure had mounted to the heavy sum of £103,784. It was then reduced year by year until 1889-90, when the cost of the department was £82,430. The succeed ing year witnessed an increase to £87,875, and the falling off that again set in last year is, if possible, to be continued. There is no doubt that the expense of police protection in this colony is relatively very low. We possess an extensive and comparatively thinly settled territory, but the people are of such a law-abiding character that they require less policing, probably, than any other colony on this continent. The pro vision made on the Estimates for gaols and prisons is £15,275, against £15,661 voted and £15,143 actually expended during the last financial year. Here, again, there is ground for satisfaction in the moderate expenditure required. It is exceedingly gratifying to note that there has been an almost uninterrupted decrease in the outlay on this line during the last eleven years. In 1882-3 gaols and prisons cost the country £23,759, but daring the last five years the annual ex penditure has been only a little over £15,000. Passing on to charitable in stitutions, we find that medical officers, hospitals, lunatic asylums, destitute poor, and State children are provided for out of the revenue to the amount of nearly £80,000. During the last eleven years the annual expenditure on charit able institutions has always exceeded that sum, but has never gone as high as £90,000. The outlay in the past quin quennium has tended to decrease, and if the figures were analysed it would pro bably be found that in the diminishing cost of the care of the destitute poor we have, to a large extent, the explanation of that satisfactory fact. In the department of defence the Go vernment had an opportunity to save of which advantage has been liberally taken. The proposed appropriation for the year is only £28,955, as against £45,659 expended in 1892-3. The cost of the naval defences is, by the policy of temporarily laying up the Protector, reduced from £12,170 —the amount of last year's outlay—to £6,141. In the military department the vote is £22,814, as against an expenditure in 1892-3 of £33,489. The saving in respect of the militia alone amounts to £6,018. The ma-rimnm of defence expen diture was reached in 1885-6, when the outlay amounted to £55,718, and it must be acknowledged that the reduction to £28,955 is a pretty considerable drop. last year the various departments under the Attorney-General cost £37,692, or nearly £5,000 more than the estimate. It is a sign of legislative activity that the drafting of Bills entailed an expenditure of £805, or more than donble the sum voted. The chief item of increase is, however, the amount of £3.358, "ex penses in connection with the case of the Public Trustee v. Arthur." Even in these bad times the lawyers get an occasional windfall of that kind. It is deserving of note, however, that the cost of judicial and legal depart ments has apparently been falling off concurrently with the decrease in the expenditure on police and prisons. In 1883-4 these departments ran the country into an expense of £51,937. In 1891-2 the expenditure on the whole of the departments under the Attorney-General was only £35,785, and though it went up to £37,692 last year, all that the Government ask for the enr rent twelvemonth is £32,257. The total outlay in the offices under the direction of the Treasurer was estimated for 1892-3 at £59,259, and £68,882 was actually expended. It appears that the Land and Income Tax Department cost £793 in excess of the vote of £6,160, but the chief excess on the Parliamentary appropriation occurred in the item Interest and Exchange, the sum of £13,663 being required for interest on suitors' funds and ex change on drafts, &c.;, instead of only £3,100 as estimated. For the current financial year the vote for the Treasurer's departments stands at the reduced total of £59,707. In 1892-3 the outlay in the departments controlled by the Commissioner of Crown Lands reached the amount of £156,197, which was £6,704 more than the sum voted. Inadequate provision, it seems, was made on the Estimates for survey, mines, and miscellaneous expenditure. The provi sion for the requirements of the current financial year is £158,264. This includes an increased grant to corporations and district councils for the main tenance and repair of roads, the vote being raised from £70,000 to £85,000, or only £15,000 below the ordi nary figure. At the same time the Government propose a more liberal grant for the encouragement of gold-prospecting and aid to mining. Ou last year's Esti mates the vote was £5,500, and the amount actually spent was £6,508. The provision made for the current year is £7,500. On the other hand, the expenses of the Woods and Forests Department are to bo cut down from £11,090 to £5,91<5. The comparative smallness of the proposed vote for the purchase of vermin-proof fencing and loans for wire-netting arrests attention. Last year the outlay on this item was £9,714, and the appropriation for 1893-4 is only £5,000. In view of the recommendations of the Vermin Com mission for the further encouragement of ths erection of vermin-proof fencing tliis reduction stands in need of explanation. The vote of £742,673 on last year's Estimates for the departments under the Commissioner of Public Vforks proved to be insufficient, the actual outlay having been £747,819. For the current financial year the Government ask authority to spend £718,983. It is estimated that £030,907 v.-ill be sufficient for the rail ways, as against an outlay of £661,416 in 1892-3. Last year's railway vote was exceeded by £7,591, and an examina tion of tile detailed figures shows that there were some extraordinary miscalculations in the estimates. Thus for the traffic expenses £170,805 was voted, and the actual outlay was only £156,571. The proposed appropriation for the current year is £164,225. Again, under the head of " Locomotive Power," we find that the vote for the staff of the Locomotive Engineer — including managers, superintendents, inspectors, foremen, clerks, mechanics, engine drivers, firemen, and laborers—was only £126,270, -whereas the actual outlay for the year was £151,866. The proposed vote for 1893-4 is £140,000. In ways and works—repairs and renewals— the vote on the Estimates for 1892-3 was £170,559, but only £165,197 was ex pended. For works in the construction division there was an appropriation of £13,446, and an actual outlay of £9,839. During the current financial year, it ap pears, not a penny is to be spent on construction. No unexpended balances are brought forward, and there are no new items. The net excess on the railway estimates for last year is not particularly great, but the details are shown to have been mis leading in a high degree. The depart ments under the Minister of Education expended £375,591 in 1892-3, or a trifle less than the estimate, and £374,850 appears on the Estimates for 1893-4. All but £908 of the education vote of £134,923 was spent last year, and for the current year it is expected that £135,809 will be required. The cost of post-offices and telegraphs was carefully calculated for 1892-3. The estimate was £198,859, and the outlay £198,806. For the current financial year the proposed vote is £197,381. It is gratifying to notice that notwithstanding the liberal concessions to the public dar ing recent years in reductions of the cost of postage and telegrams, the department under Sir Charles Todd is being worked at an increasing profit to the State. The receipts exceeded the expenditure out of the general revenue by £8,817 in 1891-2, and last year by £12,984. The special session of the United States Congress, summoned by President Cleve land with a view to repealing the law which compels the American Treasury to purchase a minimum monthly quantity of silver, has begun, and as producers of the white metal Australians will look with great interest for the result. Mining operations at Broken Kill have been carried on upon the basis of the rates created by the eystem which Presi dent Cleveland some time ago sus pended, and which he now trusts' to Congress to abolish. The first inti mation of the President's policy was sufficient to cause a fall in price, and the depreciation was accelerated when on June 26 the Indian mints were peremp torily closed to the free coinage of silver. To complete the injury to the producing interests it simply remains for the United Slates Congress to repeal the Sherman Purchase Act, and the Government to throw upon the market the vast accumula tion of metal in the silver vaults. That the Purchase Act will be repealed is almost a certainty. Yet a few months ago the opposition to such a course was so pronounced that the President in an interview said, " I do not call an extra session of Congress, as my only object in convening that body would be to bring about a repeal of the Silver Purchase Act. That cannot be effected this year. The people are with me in my policy, but I never saw such obstinacy as exists among members of Congress on the silver question. It is useless to appeal to them, and -we must simply bide our time." The oppor tunity for which the President waited came with the scare caused by the stoppage of the Indian mints, and Congress, which was to have assembled during the first fortnight of September " unless unforeseen contingencies should render an earlier meeting necessary," was summoned a month before the originally appointed period. The President was moved to take the action he did because he thought it "well that the American people should be informed authorita tively" that the time was at hand when their representatives "must deal with a financial condition which is the only menace to the country's welfare and prosperity." America had for three years been parting freely with her gold for -a metal which was not only constantly growing cheaper, but when purchased remained idle in the coffers of the country. The Government had no use for it; yet it was compelled to buy at the rate of 4,500,000 ounces per month, storing the ingots in cellars in Washing ton and issuing paper certificates as pay ment which were subsequently redeem able in gold. "One does not need the eye of a financier," said President Cleveland, "to see that the gold thus sub tracted from the Government's stock is eagerly seized by other nations for the purpose of strengthening their credit at our expense." The gold in the Treasury he has just explained in his message to Congress has decreased in three years by £26,000,000, while the exports of the yellow metal during the current year have exceeded the imports by £17,500,000. From the American stand point there can hardly be a ques tion that the repeal of the Act— especially as the President points out it has failed to achieve its primary object, namely, to enhance the value of silver —will be in accordance with common sense. This action, indeed, may be said to have become inevitable since the failure of the conference on the currency held last year in Europe disappointed the expectations of the bimetallists. Even Mr. Harrison, then President, showed that his sole hope of a settlement of the question was in the nations uniting with America in securing "an enlargement of the volume of coined money needed for the transaction of the business of the world." The object of the conference—to find, if possible, some" means of establishing a fixed ratio between gold and silver—was not at tained, and agreement was so improbable that it was never thought worth while to resume deliberations. The British repre sentatives, through Sir Charles Rivers, declared in favor of unqualified mono metallism, and despite the gravity of the outlook had no measures to suggest, either permanent or temporary, to avert the worst consequences of the continued fall of silver. Each nation was left to Beck its own remedy for an ever-increasing difficulty. Lord Herschell's committee which, during the progress of the con ference, had suspended its enquiries into the Indian currency, resumed them with the result which the bint, conveyed in President Cleveland's inaugural address in March of the line his policy would take, rendered well-nigh inevitable. The sus pension or abolition of purchase would depress the price of silver, and with it the value of the rupee still farther, and Lord Herschell's committee, which had been hesitating about the ex pediency of closing the silver minta as a preliminary to the introduction of a gold standard, found in the perturbing effect of President Cleveland's policy warrant for taking that course without any further loss of time. If the silver question in America has become a warm one, in India it'haa reached boiling point. The revenue in India is collected in silver, but the re mittances to England have to be made in gold, and the difference in exchange re presents an absolute loss not merely to the servants of the Government of India, but to the Government itself. The loss of income to which Englishmen dependent on the Indian revenue have been exposed has long been a subject of complaint. "If," as the London Standard pointedly observes, "two thousand rupees a month meant £180 some years ago, and may possibly mean only £100 some years or months hence, thelossto theofficer whohas tosend most of his income to England, for home expenses, must be disastrous." But the loss to private individuals, serious as it was, was as nnt-hing compared with the embarrassment threatening the Government of India through die increasing amount which it had to remit to England owing to the continued fall in the Indian standard of currency compared with the English. An increase of taxa tion which would enable the Government to restore to the original level the minriy? of its servants and discharge with ease its liabilities in Tfrigianfl was scarcely fea sible, and the only remedy was to arrest the depreciation in value by ceasing to add to the number of rupees. Hence, upon the advice of Lord Herschell's committee the Indian Government announced its determination to give up coining for every one and any one who had silver to sell, and to issue rupees only in exchange for gold and sovereigns. At the same time, with a view to the ultimate adoption of a gold standard, a statutory value of Is. 4d. was put on the rupee. Thus the matter stands. The influence of Indian opinion is not yet known, but in the House of Commons voices have been raised in energetic protest on behalf of the Indian exporter, who will henceforth lose the advantage he derived from the high vaiue of the metal for which he Eold bis goods compared with that in which he paid the cost of their production. In America the action of the Indian Government «un^ something like a panic, the effect on banking and mining operations being nothing less than disastrous. And now the question is being anxiously discussed what will be done with the hundreds of millions of dollars with which the Treasury vaults are choked ? If they should be flung upon the market the prospect to silver producers will be anything but enviable. The Premier is entitled to great credit for the action he has taken in endeavoring to check the clandestine entry of Chinese into the Australian colonies. The Cus toms returns from Port Darwin leava no reasonable doubt that the provision! of the Exclusion Acts of the various colonies are being systematically evaded. It appears that Chinese passengers are placed on ship's articles, and are smuggled into Australia at any port where the administration of the law is sufiiciently lax to make the operation safe. The desired condition of things exists at Sydney, and though the Premier of Queensland is apparently not satisfied with the strong evidence Mr. Kingston has placed before him, and the Premier of the senior colony cannot be induced even to take notice of the "complaint, it is difficult to resist the conclusion that Sydney is the port where the leakage principally occurs. Indeed it is highly probable that nowhere else in Australia is there any eva sion of the law. For the lngjmia tion of Sir Thomas McDsrraith that this colony itself may be the sinner there is no ground whatever. During the last eighteen months only nine Chinese sea men altogether have been discharged at South Australian ports, these dis charges coming within the "g?ial exemp tions under the Act. The matter which Sir George Dibbs apparently re gards as unworthy of his attention is one of very considerable seriousness. En quiry at Port Darwin shows that during the last fifteen months nearly a thousand Chinese have been smuggled into the colonies owing to the culpable indifference and neglect of the Kew South Wales authorities. The ships that take full crews of Chinese southwards return with their complements considerably diminished, and there can be little question that the majority of those who have been left behind have found their way into New South Wales by obtaining their dis charges from tie shipping master at Sydney. The senior colony has persis tently refused to come into line with the rest of Australia in its treatment of the Chinese question. It was at Sydney that a uniform Australian policy was formu lated by the Intercolonial Conference held in 1888. The resolutions agreed to as_ the basis of legislation on that occasion were approved by the represen tatives of New South Wales, and one Government after another has promised to amend the local law in accordance with the scheme adopted. These repeated pledges still await redemption ; and the offence of contemptuous indifference to the obligations entered into five years ago is aggravated now by the refusal to pay any heed to Mr. Kingston's protest against the inefficient administration of the Act already on the statute-book of the senior colony. It is to be hoped that all the other colonies will join South Australia in remonstrating with the Government of New South Wales. By its inaction they are exposed to a common danger, and the interests of all the colonies require that the senior colony should be awakened from its discreditable apathy. "Australia's Fair" will be opened by his Exoollency the Governor in the Exhibition Building on Tuesday next. The fair will be held for the purpose of raising £2,000 for the erection of workshops for the Industrial School for the Blind, and the universal interest which has been shown in the undertaking gives promise of a successful issue to the work of the committee. The goods which will be offered for Bale have been provided by SO committees in various parts of the colony, representing in all 900 ladies. Throughout (he country and suburbs concerts and olher entertainments have been given for the purpose of providing funds for an attractive eqaipmentof the various stalls, and in addition to the display of tempt ing and useful wares which will be exhibited, a portion of the building will be eel apart for the purpose of holding daily entertainments, which will include tableaux, concerts by the Blind Choir, and military displays. Two operettas specially written and composed for the occasion will be given, under the conduotor ship of Mr. O. J. Stevens, over 120 voioes being engaged in the productions. Toe mili tary, police, and various euburban bands will give mnsical concerts in the grounds daring the evening, and the main building and concert hall will be brilliantly lighted with electricity, over 60 incandescent lights with tinted global being need in the decomtion of the etalle. Tto fair piuuiiaea to be a great success, and the amount required for the establishment of suitable workshops should certainly be raised. Some significant foots concerning the pre sent condition of the pastoral industry have recently been made unpleasantly prominent in connection with the diepoeal of cprtain pro perties io the north-west and the far north. Stations the value of which was once reckoned by ten? of thousands of pcund? are now ap parently a complete drag in the market, and, with leases and improvements thrown in, it is not possible to obtain a decent price for the horned stock and horses depastur ing- on the runs. Owners hare been discouraged by the continual drain on their exchequer which has been involved in the endeavor to keep their leasehold pro perties in thorough going order, and they are now anxious to get rid of their responsibilities at;.figures which must represent an enor mous loss as compared with the money they have invested in stock, station plant, and improvements. Even those who have but a very superficial knowledge of the cost of equipping and maintaining a large cattle station must Bee from the details below that, whatever may have been the position in the past, the lot of a eqnatter in the outside country is now very far from being a happy one. The privations which have to be faced in work ing stations co far " away from the com forts and conveniences of oivilisalnon merit a substantial return apart from the revalue which may reasonably be expected from the large investment of cash inseparable from the proper prosecution of a grazier's avocation. Yet in actual experience the result is far different. Here are some in- Etances:—On June 15 Messrs. Elder, Smith, and Co. sold the Maenmba, Idncowra, and Glen Helen cattle stations, on which are about 15,000 head of mixed cattle. The cattle ware offered at an upset price of 2s. Gd. per head, while the leases and all the improve ment? thereon were given in, and after more or lees languid bidding the stock was sold at the rate of Us. per head, the purchaser taking the cattle only and not the country. The purchaser stipulated before he completed the transaction that he should not be required to take the leases. The working plant with about 250 horses and etoree was also sold for £1,000. On August 3 Tempe Downs station, with about 4,000 head of mixed Hereford cattle, was offered by Messrs. Bagot, Shakes, & Lewis, the advertise ment stating that the run and cattle were to be sold without reserve. The property was knocked down at 9s. 6d, per head, and we understand that is now in the market at the same price. We are also informed that Irom another station in the same district all the cattle are being moved* as it is the intention of the owners to abandon the country, and to sell the stock. On September 14 next Messrs. Elder, Smith, As Co. announce that, acting on instructions from Sir Thomas Elder, they will offer for sale his Mount !Burrell and Owen Springs cattle and horse stations, with approximately 2,600 horses and 3.700 cattle. These will be offered at an up?et price of 6s. per head for the horses, the cattle to be taken by the purchaser at sb. per head, irrespective of the amount bid for the horees. There is no need for a politician to go oat and 101 l a Eqnatter in these days. The country does the work quite as effectively. The Premier laid on the table of the Assembly on Thursday copies of the cor respondence which has passed between him self and the other Australian Govern ments on the Bubjeot of the introduc tion of Chinese into the colonies. The New South Wales Government have been very lax in their administration of the Act in operation in that province and the result has been that a very large number of Chinamen have been smuggled in at their ports from the steamers trading with the 'East during the last twelve months. Mr. King?ton asked that a joint remonstrance should be made to Sir George Dibbs on this subject, and Sir Thomas McUwraith somewhat bombastically replied that South Australia is herself to blame in the matter so far as the Northern Territory is concerned. To this SXr. Kingston answered by vigorously Stating mmiiafai.lni.yjn facts to prove the fallacy of the assertions of Sir Xhomas McSwraith, and again urging him to unite in representing the true state of the case to New South Wales. Here for the present the subject rests, Mr. Kingston so fat having gained the epistolary honors. The retrenchments which have takm place in the Military department have earned come reductions in the footing of the Militia corps, and the details of the provisional establish ment weis issued by the <^MTi*iiiaifi^ iitili vi a general order on Thursday. The Militia will, until further orders, oonsist of 83 officers and 1,306 non- commissioned officers and men. The cavalry, comprising one squadron of lannerH, will oontain 69 rank and file; the artillery—a battery of field artillery and two companies of garrison artillery—of 191 rank and file; and the infantry—three regiments ??d * half battalion of reserve—of 1,107 rank and file. The Workmen's Liens Bill, which was intro duced into the Assembly on Thursday by Mr. Kingston, and the second reading of which is fixed for Tuesday, was prepared by Mr. E. F. Nesbit at a cost stated at £39185., andoonsist? of thirty-five clauses. It is divided into four parts, in- addition to a very lengthy interpre tation clause. The first portion deals with " liens and charges," the second relates to the " registration and discharge of liens," the third to "legal procedure," and the last to miscel laneous matters. A lien under the first section is limited to four weeks' wages or wages for work not occupying more than four weeks and to fhe sum of £12. 'l'bis week's Gazette contains the announoe n.toat of the acceptance by his Excellency the Governor of the resignation of the Hon. T. Playford aa a member of the Stores Com* mission. It is announced in this week's Gazette that "urgent telegraphic message*, on which double fees have been paid, shall be trans mitted in preference to any message or dis patch other than messages or dispatches on the service of the State." The Commissioner of Pablio Works (Mr. Bolder) has been elected chairman of the Stores Commission in the place of Mr. Play ford, who has resigned both that position and bia eeat. The Commission sat on Wednesday night at Parliament House and examined Mr. T. Roberts, Locomotive Engineer, concerning the relative merits of colonial and imported engines, his evidence being continued at the sitting this morning. The work of putting in the puddle wall in connection with the Happy Valley Water works was commenced on Tuesday and will be continued without intermission till the present height of the bank is reached. Both the wall and the bank will then be continued till the finished height of the embankment is attained. A thoroughly good bottom was found in the trench for the wall from end to end, and all spring! that were met with were undercut and made secure. The importance of the work will be seen from the fact that it is the key?tone of the whole eohnme, as it matters not how well the head works and the outlet and inlet tunnels may be constructed unless the reservoir is secure. This work will not give employment for any additional hands till the fine weather sets in. Some discontent with the manner in which the judicial functions are discharged in the Transvaal appears to exist in that country. Mr. Labouchere, writing in Truth, says:—"l have been favored with a lengthy document from Pretoria impugning the qualifications and conduot of come of the Transvaal judges. It Beems that Truth is salected for this pur pose because the looa^press lacks the courage or the independence to take np the matter. Unfortunately this is not a subject on which I have any means of obtaining independent information. I therefore extract the following queries which ooour in the communication, hoping that some one who knows South Africa may be able to answer them:—'ls it desirable that many of the judges should be in debt and use their position to evade payment 1 Is it consistent with the independence of the benoh that a judge should meddle in politics and stand as a candidate for the Presidential chair when it is notorious that he has not a ghost of a chance of election ? Does it look well for a judge to get an official receiver removed on aooount of his ignorance of 4aw and than Bolioit the GoT?Puneat to appoint that official as a judge! Is it quite the thing for ft judge to dress up in character and dance Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay ? Whatever may be G&id; to the rest, the last question must, I think, be answered in the negative. Can any of ay readers picture to himself the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice, or even tbe Master of the Bolls, thus disporting himeelf ?' According to the official returns the number of births registered in tbe colony during June was 1,092, or '325 per cent, as compared with the quinquennial average of 934, the total for the year so far being 5,313. The deaths numbered 363, or *108 per cent, against an average for the month for the past five years of 313\. The death record for the first half of the year was 2,090. The month's total included 10 accidental deaths and 5 Bnieides. Tbe popular tdon of the province on June 1 was estimated at 335,610, compared with 324,350 twelve months before. Air. Hugh Kenihan, who is probably the the oldest of the pioneer coioniste, died at the residence of his son (Mr. M. J. Kenihan), "The Brace," Reynella, on Sunday night, and was buried in the Morphets Vale Ceme tery on Wednesday. The deceased gentleman, who was 91 years of age, was born in King's County, Ireland, and arrived in the colony with the l&ta; Sir John Morpbett, in the Avarisa, 57 years ago. Almost theficst work at which he was employed was to build a house of * reeds for Captain John Hindmarsb, the first Governor of the colony, on the banks of tbe Torrena, He went into business at Hind marsh, where he owned a Kiimiriln, Abandoning this he en* gaged in agricultural pursuits at O'Halloran Hill, where he lived for many years. Mr. Kwiihan was an entertaining conversationalist, and bis reminiscences of the early days, when the pioneers had to endure so many hardships, were always heard with pleasure. That Mr. Kenihan was well known and highly re spected was shown by the large number of persons who followed his remains to the grave- He leavesfour dausrhters and one con, 50 grand children, and 12 great- grandchildren. On Thursday the ketch Meteor left Port Adelaide for West Australia. She has re cently been purchased by Messrs. J. EL Snow and F. C. Scaafe, who have had tile vessel thoroughly overhauled, painted, and fitted out for a prospecting expedition in the west. On board the ketch has been stowed a complete diving apparatus. It is the intention of Messrs. Snow, Scaafe, Bartley, Hast, and Captain R. August to first prospect for gold in West Australia, and failing success to go pearling. Four of them ace well acquainted with the sea, and the five constitute the crew of tbe ketch. Prior to her departure several friends wished the party success in their venture. The measles epidemic is spreading rapidly at Hindmarsh, and at the public schools there is a considerable diminution in the attendance of scholars dally. At the Hindmarsh school on Monday there wss a very email percentage absent from this but on Thursday there were only 517 children present out of a total of 930 on the roll. At the Brompton public eohool there were 299 children present out cf a total on the roll of 535, the reason given for the absence in the majority of cases being the prevailing epidemic. The secretary of the Marine Board (Mr. Arthnr Searoy) paid an official visit of inspec tion to the Fort Gawler explosives magazine on Thursday. Everything at the depot was found to be in perfect order. On the return journey a stoppage was made at the light house, where all was in ite customary good trim. The Commissioner of Police on Thursday afternoon received intelligence that William Bellman, a Yalata shearer, who had been ailing for some days, died suddenly that morn ing on a waggon en ronte to Fowler's Bay. The police have started to make enquiries. Farther enquiries having been made by the Semaphore municipal authorities relative to the rumor that a cow in the district suffering from cancer was being milked and the milk supplied to the general public, the mayor and "■""ill"" have satisfied themselves that there was no truth in it. Aw examination was mnifa of the supposed diseased cow and nothing serious was found to be the matter with her. On A^ednesday Dr. Teichelmann visited Torren? Island and examined the two men from die steamer Woolloomooloo, who are still in quarantine there. A rworofWHndatiiofi baa been made by the doctor to the president of the Central Board of Health that the sea man, Wray, be released to-day. Johnson, tbe other quarantined man. the doctor considers it is not advisable to release at present. A smart piece of pocket-picking was done in King William-street on Wednesday after noon, and it would be well for ladies particu larly not to carry purses or valuables in open baskets or pockets. Three gentlemen were talk ing near the Royal Exchange on Wednesday afternoon. One of them, a visitor from the country, had at the time a pair of riding gloves in one pocket and in his coat ticket pocket he carried a pound note, a half sovereign, and come silver. While the three were conversing Borne impudent thief moving with the crowd relieved the visitor of his-gloves and money. The thief must be an artist as the three gentlemen were close together, bub did not see any suspicious looking character near tiiem. " Bimetallism" is the subject for discussion at a public meeting to be held this evening at the S.A. Chamber of Manufaotures, Eastern Annexe, Exhibition Buildings. The Hon. F. W. Holder. Messrs. D. Murray, W. B. Bonnsevell, P. MoM. Glynn, G. Sutherland, and others are expected to address the meet ing. Friday, September 1, is gazetted a public holiday. The Cuzco, which left Adelaide on June 28, arrived at Plymouth on August 3, four days in advance of contract time. The Postmaster-General (Sir C. Todd) re ceived intelligence on Wednesday that the Aden-flan si bar cable had been interrupted. A gentleman drew from the Savings Bank on Thursday a Bum of money to pay it into the Treasury, but on reaching the Treasury found a £50-note missing. He at onoe re ported his loss to the Detective Office and also at the banks. The Australasian Implement Company have received the following cablegram trom London:—"Homsby binder awarded first prize at Royal Agricultural Society, England, binder trials, beating Haasey, Platt, and others. An entertainment will be given at St* Cyprian's, Melbourne-street, this evening. The annual public meeting of the Hindt marsh W.C.T.U. will beheld in Pastor Leea church to-night. A concert will be given by the Adelaide PraetisingClub in the schoolroom of the Clayton Church, Kensington, t.hia evening. 