SljilhrsV dWunra. SERVJS TULLIUS. BV UJLEN t M. WINSLOW. Sebiv!6 Tijixnjs, aii I donetoT yoo time au' time agin dat 'taint no ace for boys, let alone babies ? " and Mrs. Jones se«d her smart new bonnet over her woolly head, -nd proceeded to tie the faded strings iu an elabate bow. "But de res' ^ e all gwine, mammy," pleaded Servius Tullius, ' I wanter go too. I aint nebber seen no statyers iveiled," he added in an injured What does ,0 know 'b iut statyoos ? " returned ic the maternal e > scornfully : " yoo aint ol' nor big nut ter 'pre a te art, nohow. 'Sides," said she, coming down t*he real ground of objection, " who could I leave < baby with ? " "We could >te her 'long," persisted the boy. " I wanter see Lfrette onveiled." a fote herong I" and the emphasis put upon the repetition v 5 indescribable. " Law! here in Champlain, nobody what considers demselves nothing, tot. babies roun'." »Yoo usfter down in Calling," answered the young hop^li• Serviui'ulliis Jones! " and the tone in which his name vs uttered brought vividly to the boy's mind a ceAin 11 rattan " which usually reposed behind the olar door. " Ef it's gwine ter be nec'sary to coerceyoo into submission, 'fore yoo c'u stay 'long 'o >ry Ann, w'y I c'n pull off my bes' gloves and do d< duty at onct." But S'Vius Tullius sank into a chair the very picture • abject submission. " pursued his mother, somewhat mollified, " doau : - et me h'ar no mo' nonsense 'bout your <rwine f dat celebration. T'inga is dif'rent heah from wftt dey wus in ole Calling. Dere we could all o-o 1' kerry de baby. But law ! folks in Champlain »' an ' tote babies roun'. Doan' I wash an' iron t- =ome o' de bigges' fam'lies here, an' aint I o-ot aoaition ter maintain? How'd I look wid a c OU p]of ragamuffins like yoo'n Mary Ann a taggia' ter in heels?" and she glanced at the distorted imsp blue lawn and pink ribbons which the sroa' mirror of the establishment reflected, with bo&iing; satisfaction. 'Now min'," she added, stepping to the door and •pnading a gorgeous Japanese parasol, " min* dat 10, doan' stej) outer dat do' till I git back. Ef yoo 4on' stay right heah and ten' ter dat babj r right srtrt, I ah'll gib yer a little- trainin' in the way yoo sE go—au' it wont be with no rattan neither! " Al with this dark threat Madam Jones sailed down Ettery street as gracefully as her ample breadth of ijure would allow. itrs Jones and her family, as has been intimated, "ad lived in South Carolina nearly all her life. But •ithin two years she had enlisted the sympathies of philanthropic lady of the North, and by dint of Teat exertion on her part and charitable effort from >thers, had managed to transplant herself and be- .ongings to this Northern town. " Colored help " was both scarce and popular in Champlain, and therefore it was but a few months before Madam Jones' reputation as a washerwoman had^established a regular income, There was a Mr. Jones somewhere. History, however. saith not where. For nearly two years Mrs. Jonea had been able to account for Servius Tnllius misoiiievious prauks by saying ho " hadn't no pa ter train him." Servius Tullius would have told you, had his opinion been asked, that his mother fully realized her double responsibility in the matter, and that she plied the rattan with a zeal that testified to her acceptance of Solomon's theory regard'ng the training of children. For a few minutes after his mother's departure the boy meditated on her parting threat, the aroma of •whkh still lingered in the stuffy little kitchen. But he soon forgot it again, and returned to his sad reflections on the hardship of his lot in being kept away from the " onveilin.' " A noble benefactor of the town had added to his already numerous gifts by presenting the city of Champlain with a beautiful statue of General Lafayette. Nearly threescore years before, Lafayette in his trip through this country had visited this town, and the anniversary of his visit had been selected as the most appropriate for the ceremony of unveiling the statue. Little of ail this however did Servius Tullius know. But he had been one of the crowd of ragamuffins who had witnessed the unloading of the statue at the depot, and had gathered from the conversation on all sides of him that the day of the " onveilin' " would furnish a show equal to, if not outrivalling the annual visit of Barnum's circus. That there was a possibility of his being kept at home on that day had not entered into the calculations of Servius Tullius. Therefore, as he remembered afresh his wrongs, they weighed so heavily bpon him that he lifted up his voice and wept, rather, he howled; and his lusty voice rang through the small tenement, frightening away the ghosts of silence and waking the baby, who immediately |aⅈ|" in a duet with her piping treble. -jffijl&e; baby'' was two years and a half old. When ? Jpj) had first appeared in the va'e of tears, her fond ^arept had determined to bestow upon her the fipionious appellation of Cleopatra Prometheus" And for eighteen months the child uncomplainly bore this nomenclature. Then suddenly Mrs. Jones laid aside her classical tastes with the name, and out of compliment to the lady who bad substantially befriended her, applied to the baby the humbler appellation Mary Ann. The attention of Servius Tullius was soon attracted to the fact of Mary Ann's existence by a loud thump which told him that the infant had rolled oft the bed, whereupon the duet became a solo fit only for the higher soprano notes, and he ceased his own •wailings to soothe her. But his most pleasing wiles were fruitles?, for Mary Ann refused to be comforted. The sugar-box was fo. bidden ground to Servius Tullius. Well did lie remember the close connection between that box of sweetness and the rattan. But though that limber instrument of punishment hang over his head like the sword of Damocles, yet he reasoned that the end justified the means, and extracting a huge lump of muscovado from the box he presented it to the weeping cherub. The tumult ceased Mary Ann contentedly applied the sugar in equal parts to the internal ana external regions of her mouth, while the mind of Servius Tullius again reverted to the festivities from which he was unjustly debarred. " Laws!" he soliloquized. Mebbe I shant nebber hab no mo' chances to see an onveilin'. How sh'd I feel ter grow up an' tell my children I hainfc nebber seen no onveilin's ? An' one right heah under my own nose!" Just then the distant strains of martial music came floating through the open windows. Servius Tullius had all the passionate love for music which characterizes his race. In one moment all dread of consequences vanished, and he caught up the baby from the floor. " Come baby," said he. " Where's vo 5 bunnit, chile ? lie's gq out and heah de ban'," and darting into the bedroom he produced a much-begrimed calico sun-bonnet. Without stopping to hunt up the brimless article which usually adorned his own pate, he seized Mary Ann's hand and rushed out. " 'Taint no matter if we do go a minute," he said, breathlessly. " We c'n come right back." Mr. Maurice Lyndall was in that deplorable condition popularly known as " a state of mind." He had that morning risen in the full determination to leave Champlain on that very day for the West. A sleepless night had convinced him that the only thing he could do now was to commit himself to a roving life. He would go to Montana, to Washington Territory. He would invest in a ranch, and be his own ranchmau. He would perhaps dabble in urines and come back after a few years with a fortune. Then perhaps she (for of couree all this state of mind was due to the. feminine element in some form), then perhaps she would regret her course—when it would be too late. Ah, yes, too late! For while retributive justice is tardily creeping about among human affairs the wheels of time are turning faster and faster; and by the time Maurice Lyndall should have overcome his love for Fannie Grrimshaw, or should have so far carried out his own future as to be able to claim her, youth would have fled, and life would be hal'f over ; and then, too, there was Robert Dexter. To be sure the elder Lyndall had that very day been trying to persuade his son to remain at home, and had even offered him an undivided half of the respectable old mercantile establishment tha* had been in the Lyndall family for two generations already, so that the question of money need not trouble him. But the fact was that though Maurice Lyndall and Fannie Grrimshaw had loved each other all through the bashful years of boy and girlhood, although there had been for years a tacit though but half expressed understanding of this fact, yet they had only the night before quarrelled and parted, each with the passionate declaration that they never wished to set eyes 011 the other again. The remembrance of the flash in Faunie's usually soft brown eyes steeled Maurice's heart now as it occurred to him, and her words " Well, Robert Dexter is at least a gentleman!" had stung him as he packed the large valise which he proposed to take with him, and send for the rest of his personal effects when he had settled somewhere in the wild regions of the Rocky Mountains. He was only waiting now for five o'clock when the Chicago express would be due; but as he stayed alone in the store (for the clerks with everyone else had gone up the hill to the celebrations), the idea began to dawn upon him that perhaps he had been hasty and a trifle unjust in accusing Fannie of flirting with Dexter. She had gently enough denied it at first, it was only when he became angry and said little things that her face flushed and she had said bitter resentful things in return. In his anger he had told himself a hundred times through the forenoon that he would not speak to her again ; no, not if he were to meet her face to face in the street. But in the strangely silent store, with the deserted streets outside, and the only sound to be heard the ticking of the clock on the wall, the sweet face of his Fannie persisted iu thrusting itself before him whichever way he might turn ; and it was not long before he began to long for one more sight of her—just to flay goodbye. He was tempted to close the store and go up to see her. But no, that would never do, there were always plenty of wretches about on such a day ready to take advantage of the absence of everybody, to put money or anything else in their purses; and Maurice Lyndall remembered there was a large sum of money in the safe. Besides, there was his dignity! He might send a note—but no, he would not be softhearted—he would not relent. And just then Servius Tullius passed the open door leading the dusky little Mary Ann. (To be concluded J 