the mystery THE TOWER. A Talb or Ta&illjke; Ihtkbbbt, Br HKtBH OOBWIIT PIBBOB, Aathoresi of "Lovely Nell," "A Battle for Jjore," "Doubly Doomed," "A Little Siren, ' "Barium's fate," "Lass the Beautiful," Two Fortunes, "" Strangely Severed, &c.; CHAPTER XVIII. a oowabdlt throat. Jasper Prlnoe looked as though he was going to strike Sibyl, but perhaps ho was too nearly beside himself with fury to hnow exactly what he was about. Sibyl, alter tho first involuntary recoil, etooa lUli. Her heart was boating fast and fierco j tbo small, proud head was well np j the beautiful, dart eyes defied him. Jasper was recalled to himself. His elenoned hand droppod Ho smoothed his rofilod add d storied countenance m well a ho was ablo. .Darling, ho said, in tho soft, caress ing voico ho m.sily assuueu for Sibyls benefit, V were jou loo ing for me P" . ) " Monster," she retorted, with ioy con tempt. " iiow much money are y ou oui» to givo him?" Paler th»n ho already was, Jasper eoulu not-well gut; but too ioox of fear aud rag« camo buck to his lace, though he kept it « little better under control. Ho know now that whst.he had feared first wsa true, She had been listening ; and ho rewouibored; noticing, as ho caui< out, that- the inuur dyyr of tho suoii pussago was open. 1 How- laucii had sho i beard ?,.' was - the questie. What had he aud Varlo satui Jtlo tried to recall tho conversation, i We said euuugh, it she heard it all, to givo tho whoto business away,' he thougnt, with ah uuspoton curse on his own stupid ity. ' ' turned aiiu Hunt back toward the towu» duOf alrnuot without kuowiug it. " a h ttovor is to bo done, most be dou.. quickly now," ho sal i, without being con scious that ho bad spoken Prison liru bad given him a dangerous habit of thinking aloud at times. Sibyl could uut soo his tooo, but tk. straugo words, somu queer, chilly change in his vo;oo as ho uitcred them, sent nu icy exooping thrill over bur. oho realised v.gucly that something dreadful was about to happun. , IViust a ns it? What did he man by aft.ing "At any cost? Wuat was he. guing to give that horrible doctor money for? All at onco it bur. t up jn her, In a Hash sho know what it all meant. It meant— murder I And the viotim was to bo Kunrick I A scream rose to her lips, .but did not pass them. Hot heart woe throbbing frightfully, and oruol shudders ohook hor trtanh site fojt. if shoo uld only getio that door— if she could only keep tuls wreton from going through it. - v But her limbs quakoa under her; her tonguo sot-mod joralysed. Ttien all at once that holpleisncss ol horror aeomod to lift. Somehow sho got between tho impostor and the tower door. Just at this moment a servant appeared at tho farther end ol tho corrid a, with a card ih: his hand, and an airaof being in SLSearoh of somo one. ... 14 yrb hurried toward thom. - Jasper turned iMiiid.', SpTA-gbntlomnn in tho library to seo you, Fllr Priuoo," tho man aaid. oxtonding tho i <»'Ar" I jasper VOOIl »uu. niuuvuu wv tho haiho said,' careleealy : / 44 Very well ; 1'il bo .down in a moment." Then ho turned again' to SibyJ. ; , i " Como, darling, let mo c»k'e you to your : room," ho said/for tho 'servant/to hear. Bdb'tholook in his eyes waa ndfc for the ! man.to see. . _> j . . . :$ibjl stood still, deathly pale, wasting.. Ho went toward hor. "Como," ho said. again, his voioomild, his looks threatening. : Sibyleyu'a 'met his. It was liko steel mooting stotf/ " . . .. ' . /.You hud better go, and eee what the gentlomon iii'tho library wants of ,ybu," she said,( in, white defiance. '/ Delays are dangerous somotlmes/' ' : Jasper glanced hurriedly at the name.in- 1 scribod on tho curd/ho hold,' and started as though lightning hftatstruok him. . .... ; Ho .called, sharply , to. the; retreating i servant; and 'wont toward him in4such ox-. oitomeut that ho'did not notice that Sibyl; ; followed, hlin noiselessly, gtiding agam bohind the wiudowrdroperieswhoio she had been at first concealed; -> This window- was so situated tbat,-aa aho, \ hoped, sho was aolo to bear what I Jasper , said to tho servant.... . . , "Idon t.wftutto see tnis guuwmuiMj, »ho said to the man, in a low voice. 44 In. 11 do not wish to insult him by a refusal, j You 'understand, William ? Joat toU.him' lamnptati'ioino, willyouP And toll him do Ed will b\»iuvo it." ' . W William promised to do his best,: and, Xwoatoff.griumng. : ; Sib'. \ clasped her hands. . !;7.. " if- 1 could only sue that man in , thu libt'iry,1 uli; I rnustl It iB somu. ono. ho daru iiot'me'ot.' 1 saw'torrorin his wiokud \ faco-rdqadly tenor." i .. _ . jupor Pnuiiu turned to look for Sibyl. 8hqk?was. nowhere ..to bo seen, but Hello had just' como 'but'of the tower while he w«s t»lking,with fWUliom, and stood thoro wtching hiih buriously.noting with some wohder nia'pale uhd excited looks. ,uu uh uur. , no KSOw buay iui iuuuj roasori# it WHB'absolptdly necessary thut ho nhop'd odnqUiato hor.- \s 'As 'hq wenij'tdward Eor,Jhb; shot stealthy :nnd searching, gljricea'ih dU direotious for :Qibyl, but in hia'flurry uhd' disuomposure, novor?tUought of;tUG windqif. , , Ho wunt. to llelld n'ad put hU arm, around hor.,:; Sbq» frusnrom tiat 'dreadful intex- viow with Dootor Virle>. with Jospur'a-own "brutal words still.. echoing, in her; ears, shudderod at ;tho- carqaaiug gesture and drew.baok; and away from him with wliiteu- . ing lips. !>! i what is it now P;'she demanded. aogniy, uiuua « vjrvaMio nxs \ " It's tho devil and all, sure," ho whis- '! pored, with his lipB to hor oar. "Captain, Thinning's huro." . . " I don't boliovo it." . " llo is," ohowirig hor tho card in his hand. Ho is down in tho library. Of course ho asked for Kemick, and it isKon- rltk ho wints to see, but ho would lilco to seo mo a lot better. I told William to tell him l was not at homo. He can t hav# got onto tho racket, do you think? Hocan't bo hero Loking for nio ?" "Ilello'bad taken tho card from|him. She , gaxed ut It with a gloomy expression, with- ,ont Bpeakjng. . - ".Como 1 .to ' my, ' mother' e room/' Jasper ualfl, Wo oan,'t talk horo." :-s Belle weni.with hiu. tnoobanlcally. . Shu was ibrlllod to luoiuul at tho thought that hor fqthpr, whom »hb loved, though sho baa behaved lu'badly to hirnVwav so near, Ab, how sho lungou lo go t? him, and with her arms about his neck, ury out hur heart- \- .i acou oo his uicost, as she ueud io when sho .was a chlhl. ..ttnt nnt b«i. \- iMiidam Buul ws# not In her aparlmonts JMVburo can sho 'hof? Jaspor . exclaiuio'l , /ilriltabjy, aftur looking all through ihoauitcs. ' iio wftf. a good deal frightened, U wa» Ills naturu to get all ho could out of -otheie, and his motbor was tho ouly one who could bulp him much in this preiuni itjnit. >Wouldihof That wa» the quotum. , lf Oapiatn Daiinlng's. ftrango. ami iii- -opponunu pimouco huio Junlai this (lmo :: . cpneoihqd nt : oli'.tho man known u|; Uluk Hah#,' " would lake tamo prettr tail l,lne to forco him off th. icont. ' Woolli >iadam Ruel bo eno.l lo it I Hall. hlS"7 5,T0 !"»r bc,rc'"h? "uuted. " The V«t, 01 J"m'n thohoue makce mr blood Si l Jh S to B»"«. "but of conno .hoprob.bllltj I, that ho want, to lea Ken- at alf " " lomt "f' don't concorn mo \- "Whj not faco tho mudo then, anil go anJ e,a. what ho waate t" Bello ouggeatM, "oo'lr- " Vou aro Konrlck." II Jupor oxolalmed, with etiff lipa. "I wonder if you don't thiuk I'm fool enough to dolt?" Bollo shrugged her gracefal shoulders. " t know quite well that you have not the nerve todo it. If you had, you could Yon look more like Kenrick Prince than you do like Etok Halsey now, since your beard and hair havo grown. If you can make tbeio people hero, who know your brother so well, 'iilleve that you arc he, I should not think'lt vould be io vt-ry hard to cheat one poor old man like John Danulog." < " 1 could not oheat nira Into bollevlog I «m any one but Haieoy, and you know it. What Is tho uso of talking that way f" ; " How would yuu liko to havo me go down tod see himf" Belle asked, coolly. . "You?" Jasper sneered. "Perhaps you eat for him to oome." x c» » TYa-ji, i oavo a mint to go ana isk him to take ms away with him. 1 am thout tired of this." 11 Does i hat mean you have a mind to go and. tell him 1 am here I, fiick Halsoy, vbom he would give bla two eyes to get lehind hie bulls and ban again I" - ' Purhap." Jaipur fil l not know, what to think.- He r gan to b«i afraid she meant it. ; Ho went and put hie arms round her, aud (row her to him. ' Hello suUmittud io tho embraco pauively ht was all. \- Jaipur kissed her. 1 " D-»u't you lt»vo mo any more, Utile I" ' t think 1 should like logo and ntay with by father— poor old man. 1 believe I will 40 and ask blm to tako nio awar with hitu." ; tihtsal! it toff'ghlen blm. Bio had uol the ellgliteit iuteuri m of going. lie was filghtrneii. He thought eliomsaot t >etry hnu. " I don't kuuw what makes you hate toe all at once, ' In said. " Don't yuu think I had hstt-r «r|>h my other I It would boa much eiaiurway of yitlng lid of mo than to bave to hire some ne to sh«ot, drown or puliou me, as thoy do I '|"B or hursss wheo they want them 001 of the way." ; Wuat do you racau by that?" hoaik«l. yelugher susmciously. I don't rae«nt -j I don't know what you aut to no on thv vay.for. It looks agood deal more asthuugli ha wanieii to get rid of nu\ You know /ry well that If your father were to see yuu, n W'tuiu kqow 1 was ncrc, <00. Ob," and a queer, mirthlisi laugh broke over the beautiful lies. Tba d«»ur behind Jaspar op«ne>l suddenly, sod Madam Kuel came into the room. - She looked uueoslly from one face to the other. ' Who is it In the library ?" she asked trr son. " I hcaid William tell some one Mil wero not at home. Yon told him.to isy 0, 1 suppose?" " Is he thero yet?" Jasper asked, with a nK)k of fear ' ' . I ; '.'Yofl. I waa coming up stairs' and I hoard him »y to William that he would w it awhile, «s ho wished to seo you on im portant business. Why don't you godown ? it is a stranger; I am sure I shou d havo r-oogniscd his voice if it were anyone T Snow," " No stranger to him or me." Bo'lo siid, briefly. " Tue man is Ciptain Dunning." Modern Huvl understood. Sho turned doidly palo. « Mother," said Jaspor, "you will have to go and seo if you can find oat what he fronts. It is not very likely it is anything .bout mo, unless by some luck he Bbouid have got wind of the rebtionship. I don't soo how it can be anything about me ; but of oourso I oan't face him. He would know- mo at once." . ; Madam put her hand to her Bide. ! " I don't seo how I can," sho. said, des pairingly. "Ifc seems tome that I could nover go through/with it." ; . Jasper made a movement of impatience.. " Somo one has to go through with it," bo said—" somo one of us throe, Can Bollo r I do it?" " Why need any of ns soo him ? Ho thinkB yon are out, and ho will tire of wait- ing, porhaps, and go away." ' Yob, to como book, if his business is so important as ho says, and oatoh me whon I am not looking, for him/' said Jaepor. "I- toll you somo one must seo him and find out what is up. That is tho only safo way. You had hotter go and s«o if ho has tracked me hero, and got np sumo story to send him off again. You know," ho added, voico and look hardening, a threatening light coming into his black oyes, ' what I said I should do if the worst came?", Poor Madam Buel turned upon him a gazo of imploring and agonised question ing. " , i " Thc-th® worst," sho murmured, faiiitly.""!— I. don'c think 1 tumember, JftBpor."' " k « ..OHAPTEB XtX. "" . ! Berio' wont ' and jput" M, arm around madam. "You shan't go: one -step unless you obooeo/' she said; ;, deoielvely. I'll go myself first," - /t . ... „„Y i "i»h, «-oiu8 now," tmcerod-Janpor. "L-j" d» all quarrcl abouc. who shall uqftifdjhato 't mII out withhold Dunaing,' ; If I have to go. there will' be' only: ono \yay in which I can provo 1 am not'tho 'man ho xJb certain t" in«Ut I am— 1 hat' In, to show him' Doctor Varle' pa lent ia ;t be lower." A cry. ot horror broko, from Madam Buel's Coward I" exclaimed ;oiie, bitterly. . " 1 have ha»i hie hoad shaved and hi- Doar.i laken oil" Jaeper:went onj defiantly « and he hniks ft good deal moro like Hick fUlioy than 1 do.' . L : Madam lilted her shaking "No more -no mirol" eho gtsped our. m Give me eomeof my medicine, Lucy, and I will go and nee what l ean do." " ' Meanwhile, >lbyi, in her concealmont,had wntciicl tagcrly the meoilng between the Impostor and tho .o-ealled Lnoy Vennor.anri drew her own conclusions. . Jasper spoke loo low for her to calch more than a word or two of what pissed, but she saw and heard enough to strongihen her oou vlotlon that there was a mysierj, ..... man Io tho libroiy, ana aha resoVredto so. 1,1 u'alekly summoning Prudonce Garr lo tako hor placo In watching tho tower door, she wont herself to tho library. As iho ontorod tho room, a genlloman rose and bowed to. hor. , Ho waa not a young man. His hair wm quite groy and ho wore a huavy gr«y hoird. Uut ho wot. still hanilBomo and rather die tiogalehcddookiag, ' thoagh ho had thu eadUeat eyce flibyl- thought sho had over sern. Bho motioned him io be seated, and asked : juu nniiiug ivr any uuu 1 1 " I came to see Mr Kenrick Prince," be I nnayvcrcd; graToly, »' The servant tells me hu is-uot ut homo, bat as my bueinoso is im portant, I .thought I would wait a little, on tbn'chaocqof his comiogln." Slbyi ticsUatcd a momont, and said J 1 am Mrs Kunrick Prince, Perhaps it Is something 1 can serve you in." " IWibly, My namo is Donning," be an- 8wercd,pruicntlng her with hie card. M1 am wardcit of tho pvnltentlary at llyde. Ono;of tho nrhouers escaped a few weeks aeo. ahd we aro ettll eearcbing for him; His nime' la Rick lialBOy. This note',- signed Kenrick Prince, waa found In tho prison only yester day Wi I 7"U tull mo if \\\ut Is your has-: bnnd'. wrhtngl lleml U plewo." . , Sibyl was trembling like a leaf ae sho took tho'QOto. t ' ? ""PniBKD HICK," she read : " The money In ready for ou whvneveryou aro riftdy for the muney; v . - . ... . y KfiMBXOl VtWQBft 1 1 ! !' < . : ' ' jThat was all. Few words, no date, no ad dress, and tho ink taoked faded, the paper worn and yellow, as though tho note bad bcon written a good while. j"Yc8, it Is my husband's writing," sho said, In low, falteriog tones, scarcely ablo to artlculato tbo words, so great was her ex citement and 'agitation, : Captain Donning compressed his lips a little. . ; !''l must seo Mr Prince," ho said, sternly.. ".Can yon toll mo whoa ho is likely to re turn?" ; Sibyl caught her breath sharply, Sbo was deadly pale. . . " I cannot," she Bald, gaspingly. 1 doa't even know whero he is She straggled a momont with her emotion and burst into tears. The door opened an-1 Madam Hud en tered. ! Captain Donning rose and bowed, as he had at Sibyl's entrance, much impressed by the boautiful and impOBing-looking woman. > Madam moved forward with rogal atop and haughty carriage. Shu had nerved heraolf for the ordeal, and tho eight of hor wronged son's brave and lovely young wife horo in conference with tho enemy— ho evidently agitated, aho in tears instead of wcakonlng hor resolution, strung hor nerves to still stronger tension. What had they been saying to each other? What had Sibyl told him ? Well, there was only one course to pursuo. '' Sibyl, my child," she snid, with oppres sive guntloness, " you havo boon exciting yourself again. That is rory wrong. I think you had bottor retire." Sibyl understood the significsnco of the softly spoken words. . Hor Ujus dried instantly. -Tho dark, grnceful he id was lifted. Sho looked nt Mad un with culm, defiant oves. " Thanks," she said. " I. profer to re- raiin. Tula gentleman has just been ex plaining to mo soma business he I103 with my buebaud. lie wishes very muoh to see Kenrick. Porhaps you can tell him when to Sad hiui." Madam felt a chilly thrill run through her. " My son," she said, looking nt Dnnnlng " I am very sorry. He has just been culla 1 away by telegram to see a sick friend nt n distance." "Imleod?" Captain Dunning returned. " I undent iod from tho servant that he had only gone out for a little and might lie back at any moment. I got that impres sion at any rata " " Tho in in did not know. My son went atruy in groat liaato," Madam Bald, plcii3- ahtly 'Sibyl stood dumb nnd bowllderod with auinsemont at the ready lie. " Is your business important?'' Madam asked. " To me — very," Captain Danulog said. ana oxptunea Madam's whito hands clonahed in the folds of her silken robo. Hor blood seemed to freeze in hor veins. Uut what borriblo chanco had that terrible letter fallen into Captain Dun- nlng's bands ? i Hut sho wns able to suppress all out ward token of her terrors. Sho took tho poor, faded and soiled sorap of writing in her bands, and no, n lino of her calm, handsome faco told of the struggle within; not a quiver of the pais, marble-like features hinted . how tho niothor's aching broasfe was wrung and lacerated at sight of thoao. characters penned by the unhappy sou she had so wronged. jMoro pasaionato than over, in his life boforo it seemed to her, she loved him now, in this hour when Bho was wronging, him so bitterly. : 14 This does look liko my son's writing u littlo," she said, quite calmly, " bat I don't think it is, and 1 never heari him mention any ono by the name of Dick— Dick — what did you say tho name waa ?" 44 Hiok Halsoy." 1 "Ah. yes. No." thouffhtfully, 'fl am sure 1 nover heard of suoh'a porjon." ; ' " Might he not havo known Halsoy without your ever hearing of him P-' Cap tain' Dunning questioned, mildly. . " I fool at any rate as though it is my duty to bxu :him. Can yon givo me the address of the friend who telegraphed for biin P/'. \- 44 The telegram' was- from Columbus, Ohio, and the namo was Savllle," Madam said, blandly. : ' " And the street and number ? Thoy must havo been on the telegram." i Madam made a despairing gesture. 44 1 don't know anything about it. Kon- riok bos tho telegram witu him." j Captain Dunning gJanoud at Sibyl. I It is very odd, ho thought, that tho mother knows whoro ho has gone »nd the wife does not.' ! Sibyl was gazing at Madam Buolwith oh expression of wondur and scorn that amazed him. She spoke at last in slow, clotfiContemptuous tones : , j 44 Tour son, Madam, may have recoived a telogram and gone to Columbus, as you say. . My husband— Kenrick Prlnco— has not." 4 - 1 just glanced at her. Sbo had expeotcd some auoh outburst as this all the time. "No ?" she said mildly nnd kindly, and' looking significantly at Captain Danniiig- just touched her. forohoud, with one jewellqd hand. . ; ; Oapiain Dunning nndorstood. 'His coun- tenauce ohaniiod. Ho looked distrossud and shocked.. : . 1 : ; 44 So that is tho moaning of.it all," ho thought. "This lovely girl, with a faco like flower, and such ewoet, true oyos, is insane." Who would havo droamod it ?" ' : Sibyl. read his;, thought, and smiled half sadly, half in scorn. 1 , ' Captain Duuniug,'; sbo. said, fixing her clear, Bleady oyes upon ( him, 44 do I look liko an insane woman ?" ! 44 My dear Sibyl !'' ihterpbaod madam, in softest tones; i 44 Madam Kuol/' sld Sibyl, turning upon hor,. " if I am hisano, why do yoii npt send motto an ineauo usyiumr luu. uuru-. uuu attempt it. Y011 ; daro' not allow s ' any. spudialisb.in. mental disoases ;to sodjpe You aro afraid that ho luigUb discover ;too; muoli method in my madness, nnd'be curious whothor . my ravingsi havo any foundation 'in fact," :i "Good heavens!" thought,' madam,' 44 What will sho say noxt P". ! gho looked at Captain Dunning; arching her oyobrows/ and smiling dcprccatingly; as much as to eay : ; ".Don't mind hor. Sho doa't know what she is saying, poor child !" i; . Sibyl, was thinking fast .The. bare tUOUgab -WU0BUU UVL - VUUV tua might bo Biok -Halsoy, but it was too stunning a conclusion to bo accepted at the first glance. Could - there have ;been ' any tologrwP sho wondered. Of obhrao not. Could tho impostor oven have loft, .the house P She did not beliovo it. She had hoard him say to Belle 1 ' 1 1 ' 4 44 Como to my mother's room." 44 1 am almost certain he is thore now, ' aho thought. " Oh, if 1 could only cohtrlye to have this gentleman Beo.him!'. y- Captain Dunning looked embarrassed. I Ho roso from his,chair, muttering, Bomc- thing about going. . . .. 44 Oh, if yon only would I thought mSholl yon go to ColumbuB P" sho nakod bl"'l think so-yM. Pethopa I can , find tho namo Bavillo iu tho dtrcctoiy. l am. SS"niio«» to aeo Mr. Vrinoo. Bo may ko»w Bomothing important nhoufc this man Jdadam Bnol ahuddorod inwardly. Sibyl, slightly Inclmlcg hor KU'rs-BsrtBtaight roapon»Toomr'Witbont, knocking, Withontuttoring a wotd.Bho ahut tho door again, and flow to intercept Captain iDlmning before ho ahould got away. . ' 'Captain Uunning.waa juat coming out o 'tho library, with Madam Buel bcatdo him, j taking volubly. At the. sight of Sibyl 'and her . excited face, madam pressed in front of Dnnniog slightly, And whispored to him with an anxious nir: 1 am, afraid there is going to bo a dreadful flcouo. Fray get away as qniokly as possible. Sbo may quiot down whon you &re; gono." | Captain Dimning moved with an accole- atcd step toward tbo door.- j Sibyl's dark oyos flashed at madam doQaqtiy, <" Captain Dunning," sho called, in sweet, hlgU-pitchud tones. 44 Yoti have boon de ceived. No tolcgram has como to this homo to-day. No one has gono from here to Coluuibui. Tho loan that wonian calls Kenrick i'rince is hiding now In hor room, ufraid to muet you. You had better see him. He may be the very llick Halsey you arolookiogfor!" CHAPTJ3H XX. SUBrXNSB. Captain Dunning puised, arrested by tho iinporativeness of the call, thrilled in spito of his conviction that Sibyl's mind was uusottled by tlib startling nature of her assertions. .Then ho caught sight of Madatxi Rucl'a fivce. An agony, of fear was on i(. i4, Go, go, go I" she breathed to him, with wxu(o 'ups, uiiug ujcu annus, tremoung with excitement. Hu hesitated an instant, then went hur riedly on, driven by tho awful lorco of that anguished appeal, almost against his judgment. ' Madam liuul swept liku.a tornado across the wide hail, and up the velvet stairway to where bibyl stood. 1 Half a dozen servants, hearing somothing , unusual, hud rushed to the spot, and wore tstariug with all their might, . I At au angry gesture Iroui madam tbey retired preuipitutcly, but not beyond hearing. ' ; A few more exhibitions of this kind," said Madmu Kuel, fiercely, to her lovely daughu-r-m-hiw, 41 and no specialist will bo neuiiod to decide upon tho quubtion of your tusauily." tug with mi emotion atuioat of despair after CbpUtu Uuuuiug a receding figure. Kviduatly lit rugtirdcd her warning as too wild talk uf a crazy woman only. Would auy one ever believe bur again? ' ' llow much lougcr aro you going to stand huro ror tho servants to stare at?'' uuiilivui naked, nurily. Sib/1 withdrew ber gloomy gazo from watching the diatauce, where Captain Dun- uiug hml vnoiuhed. " Altvlau Kuol, ' she said, in low, soloiun tones, " you htc me 1 know, but 1 can't beliovu you uru bad enough to want mur der done iu tiiid house." M idaui btnrtcd viuiently, and caught at fchft hniii.lr it In linriutlf fr.ilii faUiug. "Uu up stairs 1" she hissed, in more bittt-r tune than before. " You must bo mad, indeed, to say such things." .bib/l's dark, gloomy gazuxcetod wonder- ingly on her couuleuaucu a moment; then, without another wotd, sho turned and loft her. .. 1 ; -Madam Kuol went, with slow, dragging steps aud ' huavy heart, back to where Jasper and lfclle anxiously awaited her. Jasper looked with gloomy, angry looks to her occouut of what hud pussod. Au expression of absolute terror came into hie eyes, wheu sho told what Sibyl bad said about his being Kick llulsuy. j"Uood heavens!" ho cried. "What efiall bo douo with hor P Shoia not safe to be at liberty, tihe may say tho same thing to Huyono. it is a shame she got into tho library uud heard what Dunuiug was after I 'should think you might havo kept her out." 44 She was already there when I "front in. The mischief was already done." said his mother. ' All I could do was to tell- him oho was crazy." 44 Did he believe you P" , no , Hcouie.u w. »viiac in iau worm made you xeup such a letter as that? i. should think you would: liavodeatroyed-ib tho instant you had read it.", 1. . . ' 44 So should I?1 said Jasper, sullenly; " but it Beems I didn't" " Well, ic ib that letter that Has done the mischief." > .. ... 44 Perhaps > no i mischief is done," said Belle. If.ho. think8(Sibyl is-insano, hu won't pay any 'attention to what she said.- Ifihe goes to Columbus, as ho spoke of doing, wo ahull- know there is no harm done." — 44 1 don't beliovo he will go." f4Ho BaidihoTsh6uId, .and/- 1 ; think'he miant It" : ' ' v "l ' "y So do. Ii"; said 'Belle. ; " But ifc is oasy enough findiogout whether hie does or not " i4HowP."'/ '' 44 By watching him." . I'd -liko co, know who is golog to do.the. watching?" Jasper growled. '' J will.": . , ' 1 ,4' You 1" he exclaimed, contemptuously... -Aud madam looked frlghtentd,V;: 1 : iSollo shrugged her shoulders. ."1 can fix myself up-so hcwlll not know me. I am good at that sort of thing. Be sides. there is no .need of hjs7 seeing mo. »imn 1 go J x. . _ 1 " Yts, - 1, - suppose , so,'!, said Jasper,' an- Riftclodsly. ""It's' a ilslc, bat wo'o/got to tind out somehow what becomes - of him. ;You 010 not goiag to play mo nay double gamo, nro you, BoTle ?" /' Well, not. 'ilils ofiornoop'," isho said slowly. 41 1 can't p)omleo for tho future." / Hollo looked expressively, at Madam Uuol ns she left tho 100m to prepare, and madatu foll wtd hor. / 44 How is ray'unboppy son ?',' madand ques tioned in a breaihlcsc whisper/" - / ' 4- Ooiog bullcr than' r'expeote'd," Belle answered. 14 Hut don't lot Jpspsr have any 'moi-oy. He is euro to 'ask 'you, and there Is miechi.d brewjng . between him and Doctor Varle. If you wnrit> to stop It, don't. girL Uim any monoy."..-., ?' / . , Bollc spbkein a whisper, too. Slft'l ou ehuddordJ/Hhe thought of Sibyl'n iircuunu wnruB. / ' ; 44 Not a peuny;',"sho- said, olonching hot rcelh. /. ' : " , ' Jaiper waltod till Boljo - hnd gono, and then sure ouougb. ho tlid ask WB.'motiier foi money, so large a sum— five huodrcd d6)lan> —that her bloqd turned chilly (n,her veius. ;t "What can you 1 want tbait sum of rnonov for, JftiperT' aho asked. : » I want it, and that Is enough. I want it lo-nlaht, too." he said, surlily. : To-night 1" Madam Buel fairly gasped. She- shook -her beadslowlyp and witboui 'speaking. - - , , ; ;r : Jasper: looked/at hqr with darkly-angry, imnatlent uvce. 1 \- » ( owo it to old Yarle, if yon must know,' he said, v-thbagh.I.donl seewhat difference it makes." . t ... Madam uttered An cxolsmation of horror. 44 You can't bftvo five hundred dollars from mo to give to Mm." she said, bitterly, !» Wby not to htm In particular ?" ho asked, succriogly. ... . 14 because you can t owo him ony sach sum as that for any good purpose." , Oh, indeed. Well, what bad purposi couM ) owo to Wm for ? Oomo,4alk it right outl" ' „ ! 4 1 will not givo you the money. «' 44 You must, mother, If yoq want ken to rot well," ho said, ft Jltuo ui-naiurcui» .than he had apown boforo, 1 1 promised D ctor Varlo fivo hundred down as soon as ho got hero if ho would undcrtako tho case. It is a desperate ono, you know, and the hituatlon ia doiperato. Wo can t tako up too .wliolo time of a physician liko Varlo, and keep the business a secret, too, for nothing. Bo reaionablo now, moihor. You know 1 have no money. Hello has got it oil.' 44 1 will not - lot you \\\tio tho money, madam repeated onco moro. » Vnr« th<>n !M hfi said. anUtl'V. 41 Yon'»o got -some nonsonso in jour head about Varle that you had bettor gr tout of it 1 if xou WAnt Kon ever to bo welt agnin. Varlo won't stay without money." 44 Thank God!' madam exclaimed, fer vently- "HI thank Qod on my knees the hour that sptotrc-faced demon is oat of my b«Tott ua a fool I" ' JMpor groan I out l c- trr|Ba bin tooth, nnd wont ont ot lh) rcom, I ' ' j."-.. / shutting the door with a bang that echoed over the house. ' . ' He did not know what to do jwilh himself till Bello camo back. .He did not liko to Icava tho upper floor or to go out of doors, lest Captain Dunning might return and ran across him. . , Bollo was gono a long lime. It grow dark. He was worrlcd- and atutous. Madam Enol camo out iuto the hall now, and thoo, where hu was walking back and forth ceaiolcisly. Sho looked troubled, too,, but sho did not apeak" to him. Ho started (o go and have a conference with Doctor Varlo, but as he come in sight of tho door, Sybil i'rinco emerged from tho shadows and faced him, pale as a ghost, and with strange, menacing eyes. Ho wont into his own apartments at last, "Otxrse theso women, anyway 1" ho muttered, as I10 Blunipod About over tho ricbly-carpoted floor. 44 If it is not one, it is another. If 1 hnd that money now| I don't know but 1 would throw up tho wholo business here aud run for it. Why doa't Bollo coma? 1 swear I begin to bo afraid eha lias gono back on mo I 11 No, she wouldn't do that," he corrected himself, altera pause, "tihols too fond of me.-- I vrish I know positively whether sho has t.bat monoy. Hut I dou't,and i don't know how to find out. She would bo just as ' likely to protend she had it when she had never Been it as any oiucr way. Ana it sue bas It, I coqldn't mako tier giro it up unless 'shb-choSe, to save inyMtfo. 1 don't bcllcro she knows what fear is. Nothiog short of kilting would ever co'oqacr her." Ho. ground out a savage oath as ho 1 flung himself. Into a big, purple-cushioned easy- chair and sat scowling. There came a soft tap upon the door. " Come (n 1" he called, Irritably. It was Hello, bho mode an exquisite pic ture 09 6he stood there, finuiud iu the door way. Tho llama of tbe'gAs-jet near lighted up the bronzy, glUioriug hair, und ui ado thu glenrnlog eyes look liko emerald stars. 44 Como inside and shut, the- door, can't jou V J.-t«pcr said, with ucrvuus Impatience. " Yuu dou't suppose 1 want tbo whole house to bear what 1 am saying?" " Why not ? ' Belle retorted, prevokiogly, as she camo in and closed the dour. 4 What made you so long? Has he gone?" asked J.\per, eagerly. Hullo nodded. '' I had to wait till after dark to find mt. He has ouiy just now gouo away, on thu st ago that ruus to the junction, i began to be afraid lie was coming back here." "Not gone till now 1" Jasper exclaimed. ' What has ho bcuu dolug?" " Going about the town, qucatfoning people slyly about tbo situation up here at the Hall." Juspcr bUuched. " Suspicious, cb ? That looks bod. Somo of my mother's blundering, of course. 1 won Icr If ho ionnd out anything ?" 1 don't think so. Thu sentiment of the rick Vrince is supposed to havo bceu made crazy by .thu injuries she tcculTed in thu smashrup, aud, it Johu Dunning had any doubts on tho subject before be questioned theso p 4 opto, 1 don't think bo bus any now." Jasper looked at her curiously. 41 Well, what Is it ?" sho asked. " Why do ton look at mo that way ?" "You always call your father Johu Dunning now," ho.said. 44 1 don't intend to disgraco him by over calling- him; father again wbilu yuu arc alivu," nelle flald, calmly. \- 4 No ?" , ho qucktioued. 44 Perhaps you cxiwct to ontlivo «ne ?" I think T Bhall, in spito of you," Belle said; veryquietly, but litting a gazo to hi> face that somehow mado him feel chilly. 44 1 wonder." ho said, trying to throw off tholun'comforlablo sensation, "if Dunning will como back here and try again, after he has done Colnmbns to bis satisfaction ?" 14 Most certainly," Hello returned, moving toward thqdoor< _ \- ; a wall' a minute I" Jasper exclaimed. 44 1 want to talk to you about that monoy." 44 Do you moan that you want 10 choke mo about it-?" Bho asked, drily. Jticnur looked - liko ft thunder-cloud for.t moment. Then he forced an awkward, con strained kind of a lungb. 44 tieo: here, Belle," said he, '< what is the use of being in u mues all the time 1 Let us kiss and mako up." \- 44 With all my heart I" sho answered. And/going back to him, sbo laid a band lightly on his shoulder, and, leaning over, him as bo sat, touched his Hps with hers. .' ->Ja8per-;Prince flhuddored violently and drew back/lookiog up at- her with eyes ol wonder and almost fear.- - . 11 What is tho matter with you?", bo de manded, sharply. "1 don't want any moro kiraes Hko that ono; . Your Hps aro colder -than 'icicles." / ./ - Bello laughed a little— a Jaogh os chill ar .tho kiss had been..- ''< / ; , ' " Jasper continued to look at he r.. -—'-':' . ".What a quuur girl.ypu arcd'\ hg:8aid %Iowly. ",Tho-qQCurc»t,girl 1 ever k'new— the queorcst over madc/1 do.bolievc." ' ',.1 Bulle- made no.; answer, only stood giving' -.him back gaze for/gaze, caim/dcvol, comm and /with that sttango something 'in the. depths of iho curfous lovely- oyes that iriadcj . him vaguely hntomfortablq.. . 