CURRENT TOPICS. o Sir Henry, Parkes produced a poem at his meeting the other night which had been addressed to him, he declared, by some sup porter of hie in Madagascar, Is thero, We wonder, any country so remote as not to have been penetrated by seme echo of the Parkesian fame? Of all places in the world Madagascar has, perhaps, the most foreign sound to English ears. For all the ordinary world knows of this strange island it may be peopled With " the Antrophagi, and men whoso heads do grow beneath their shouldors." But, ao- cording to Sir Henry Parices, the popula tion actually includes one man who has a firm grip of tho ex-Premier's policy, and knowB all about Australian federation and Imperial federation to boot. Scepticism is one of the faults of the ago, and it obtrudes itself at the present juncture with tho suggestion that though Madagascar may be foreign there is a singularly familiar ring about the verses which are alleged to have oomo from thero, Tho familiarity of tho style of those verses with others hammered out in odd moments by a certain Australian politician sucgests that tho man of Mada gascar who appeared in Sir Henry's speech with such abrupt incongruity bears a strong family resemblance to Mrs, 'Arris, the faithful supporter' of ' Sarah Gamp'a most startling as well as most commonplace assertions; or that he is a lineal descendant of tho Kiaina Ghost, and a blood relation of every other spectre whoso existelico is due to a superabundance of imagination acted upon by colossal vanity. The president of the current meeting of tho British Association made some criticisms at one of the sessions which, though hitter, were yet quite justifiable. It is a serious indictment that "England alono among tha great nations refused the- necessary outlay to encourage scientific research." It reads like the taunt of some bitter and hostile critic rather than the deliberate remark .of a candid friend who wits -probably pained by the necessity of making tho remark ; yet there is truth in it. Purely scientific research is not encouraged in England. It is true that geographical discovery owes most of its triumphs to thoso who sailed undor the English flag. Take tho one pro longed eudcavor to probe the secrets of the Arctic circle. In connection with thoso effortB there are no names so splendid as those of English sailors, many of whom . left their bodies for ever nmid tho snows and ices of the North. But since .it was definitely ascer tained that there was no new trade route to ho discovered in tho Arctic waters British enterprise in t-hoso regions has received a deathblow. The mystery of-thoNorth Pole- still remains unsolved. Tho whito veil spun by all the winters the world has known still remains nnlifted ; but the fascination of tho challenge of this unknown spot appa rently exists no mote for Englishmen. Those who seek tho North Pole to-day are either Americans or Europeans, With regard to tho South Pole, it may remain undiscovered for ever for all England or Australia carcB. But this apathy to seieniifio research, according to the president of the- British Association, is manifesting itself in a more dangerous way. Tho Btudydf the infectious diseases whioii menace mankind does not receive proper attention at tho hands of tho British. It is not hard to see that national inattention to such an important matter may easily moan national catastrophe. Can it he that England is depending upon the researches of continental investigators, the Virchows and Pastetirs of Europe ? . It will be a relief to learn that the China man is not always successful in outwitting the legal system of the "foreign devils," whose shirts he ib temporarily willing to wash, and whose vegetables he consents, for the nonce, to grow. Ah See, of Melbourne, in conjunction with one of those nitmclcssly degraded women who consort with China men, drugged a young woman with intent to commit an offence. Thero was no doubt about the facts. The woman had been stupefied by some devil's liquid known as " Chinese brandy." Tho accused were, con victed, but appealed against the conviction on tho ground that Chinese brandy is not a drug within the meaning of the law. The Full Court upheld the conviction, and An Seb and his accomplice have been sentenced to two years' imprisonment. Hnd the Full Court decided that Chinese brandy is not a drug there would have been room for rejoicing in the dens of subterranean Mel bourne, and John would havo accepted the decision as a .certificate of permission to go on stupefying white girls at his evil plea sure, It is a wonder that the question was ever entertained. Anything that drugs is a drug in, common' sense, and should be so in law. The case reveals two things — the viciousness of tho Chinaman, and his astuteness in socking to evade the law. The Chinaman of the city' purlieus is gifted with the laBciviousness and cunning of the monkey, which, in odd instances, he so much resembles. When he is not work ing ho is engaged in breaking the law, in smuggling, gambling, or .in darker ways, and the rarity of convictions of Chinamen shows how successful they are in doing this. At present there aro fifty or sixty Chinamen camped on the Murray waiting for an opportunity to cross into this colony. They are being watched by a number of Customs officers. It is not hard to guess the issue. Within a mouth or two, according to the Customs officers, not one Chinaman will have crossod the river, and yet not one will remain in that camp or in tho colony of Victoria. "But tho eonsump- tion of opium will go up in Lower George. streot and Waterloo. It was bouiTd to come. Novelists, and oven dramatists, foresaw tho probability of its arrival ; and now hypnotism as tho tool of the criminal is declared to have paBsed from tho realms of fancy into those of faat. The story is carious. Lieutenant IIambrough has been murdered in Scotland. Suspioion points to a Mr. Moxson, whoso guest the murdered man was. Monsox's wife figures ia Lieutenant Hamrrougu's will as legatee to the amount of £20,000. A "medical man " declares that Moxsox exercised a hypnotic sway over the victim of the orime. All this is complicated and sensational enough to fill, the', average "shocker,1' or form the staple of a particularly luscious melodrama. But it has another and more serious significance. If hypnotism is tho power which it is claimed to be the arsenal of tha criminal is enriched by a' now and potent weapon which opens up possibilities, of successful crime hitherto uudroamt of. This has all bean pointed out before. In the instance at present exciting interest, how ever, the new weapon does not acoin to have worked in the anticipated way. It was supposed that it would render obsolete the old methods of murder and robbery. For instance, if the accused person in the present case really had hypnotic influence over his alleged victim, surely he could have obtained his object in a loss roundabout way than that which he is suspected of having adopted. Instead of hypnotically in ducing his victim to will his wife £20,000, and then murdering him in a very clumsy way, why did lie not hpynotiso u gift of the money out of his guest, and so avoid tho murder? The law doe3 not yot recognise hypnotism as an improper influence, and a gift'thus made would staud good. If the criminal can do no more with hypnotism than has been accomplished in this caBe, the average murderer will continue to stick to his - old-fashioned knife or bludgeon. It is strange, but all theso occult forces seem to break down when you try to obtain any practical work from them. 