WALLSEND tlACeaS. Fibot Dat, Tuksdat. Wallsend on Tuosday was but the ghost of lUelf, a phantom of departed greatness, and an ofllgy of patience and neglect. Wallsend and Plattsburg are twin brothers t not :n air.o, perhaps, but anyhow there they Ho in their little bed of dirty brokon ground, and whilst Plattsburg frown« darkly donn on Wallsend, Wallsend just »neera gloomily np at Plattsburg. They each havo their own separate, distinct, and original borough council, but why they havo bo no one knows except tho miner, and he generally knowB considerably more after a strike than before one, for a railway lino only divides one from tho other, and whero the narrow streaks of steel stop there one town morges into tho other until it íb six pped by an alderman, who thereupon writes a letter to the local paper and says em- phatically that the othor fellow íb " a hoss" for letting go Mb " holt." That íb he says so if ho can borrow a candle, for during these littlo intellectual discussions the Council has let the gas go out, and the Council swears by all the books in Ire- land that it won't bo lit again only at its own price. There íb an old legend whieh probably has aomo foundation on fact aa moot novelist's Btorica that the inhabitants of Wallsend-tho other word uses moro ink-wore in the habit or practice of working once, but very fow do it now, and the man who gets up early now- adays and surrounds hia dirty clothes and hia matutinal pint ia regarded with suspicion, the local police, and the family watchdog. It J)ay thus bo imagined that Wallsend and the other place aro desirablo situations to shift from during most of the week, but on Boxing Day we fancied it waa a very desirable placo to shift to ; others joined ua in the thought ; we shifted, and found very littlo for our paine. Very few Maitlanders patronised the mining village, and when wo gazed around the platform and misaed many well-known faces, wo sighed a portentous groan, for knew we not that many were laid away in their cold clay shrouds instead of lavender, whilat others were dead broke, and to them horaeracing is now a delusion and a snaro, to quote the words of one who has gone before. The train arrange- ments upon this occaaiou, thanks to Mr. Kitching, and other intelligent and willing officials, were very convenient and we were wafted Wallaond wards in very decent time. So wasn't the local handicapper's hat and it was an oxhillrating if somewhat painful spectacle to seo Mr. Quinton'« Bomewhat angular form acuirying back along the line for a mile and a half co recover his " oaubeeu." He had to do that or buy one and if a man was known to possess the price of a whole hat in Wall- send there would be a bit of a row, and probably a robbery. A general air of dulneas pervaded everything, and we were quite prepared for the assertion whioh was given us often that the once brisk place bo dear to the hearts of thoBe who know it had grown into a daisy of a placo. The asaertors did not ex- actly Bay that they reminded ua of DibbB and Sir John! Robertson in those palmy worthies, moat fluent and hot days. Nevertheless the old course looked very well when we saw it, and it waa green and fresh looking, for it has not been used lately, and verdure lay smiling and sweet, except whore it did not laugh and break out into bold specks and loud swells. Away at the aix furlonga poat has grown a great bed of reeds with nn unpro- nounceable name and an undignified appearance as they stood in all their bold nakeduess, and they made us blush, for they didn't even have a drop of water to cover thom. Tho old " two up" school has vanished round one of the cornera whioh Timo so unceasingly leaveB ua, and ono of tho few things that we found on the convincing ground as we knew it first in tho hoy-day say of the lamented " Jimmy" Fletcher and amorous Jimmy Goldie waa Ted Cowcher'a peronnial and otc. smile. Ted Cowcher is the Secretary, and one of the moat capable and affable men in tho community when it gets down to beofatoak up to horaeracing or touches at intermediato points on tho sobedule. Mr. Abel was there, too, just aa we knew him long ago whon ho told us Bible storioa in a modulated voice, but he did something to ua during the aftornoon, and we aro afraid Thomas will como to a sudden and bad ond if he does not mond his ways and woar spectacles, There were lots of other people tbero, too, hut where onoo there were thousands there were now only hundroda, and there was no band, no danolng, no ladies, no1 a single fight, " no nothink" aa tho littlo hoy told ua aa ho furtively wiped hia somewhat dirty bugle on bia malo parent's best coat tail, This waa dilutod with some horse racing. We suppose we need wasto but littlo time in detalla, but just scamper through our job at a five furlong paco, Proceedings began by aoven horses wonding their way to the poat for the Flying Handicap, which waa a Uno betting raoo, although tho sum total did not amount to much money. Brenda and Butcher Boy were as near as possible equal favourites, and both look fairly well, although it waa rumoured that tho mare was off her tucker, All the other starters wore also backed, but whou the flag fell Jleroulea boat everything off the mark, whore Butoher Boy remained, and the issue was never In doubt, as llórenlos won na he liked and thus paved the way to a serles of achievements that was somewhat phenomenal. Mr, OAiuphell, the owner of Jiutoher Boy, waa under the Impression that the horses had started in front of the post, and he entered a protoiit on that ground, hut it wa« dis- missed after consideration, '¡'lui uert on tho hoard was a nmtoli botwoeu Mr. J. Wilkinson's hay »ua»o S|i»|odunt And Mr, W. li. Hbopherd'« h»y ware Mabel, over half » mile, for X10 A-fllde, The owner of the latter was locAlly regarded as being a man who knew something, but appar- ently he had forgotton It, for although his repre- sentative wah favourite the other mare won oAally. After luncheon there were four runner« for the JäxuliAiigo PlAttf, Iii which Mango was favourite and won, for old Royal did not «oem to take too kindly </i lils now» ider Rose, Thorn wer» only two with- drawal» lu the Town PJato, and despite his penalty Jliuuules was favouilte, Although the Maitland push iiimie veiy strongly with All Right, Tim chestnut had the proverhlAl dog's riianuu, for JJnailoH made neatly all hi« own running und won easily al the end from All Right, and hi« «table uoiuputiloii aud Imlf-brother, Th» Corsair, who had «¡ant » critic«! eye on the Journey all the way, Coisnir I« a wry nice horse. The Borough llnudl cap wah a brisk betting race, but there wa« only »ne in it, although two or threo others tried, for Ginger, a speedy son of Glenalvon, who none too fond of It, made uuoks of thom. We may pause (o remark that Negus, who caine at tho und like the hammer« of Shoo), Is noca bad sort to look at. There was joy unutterable when Tom Judge won the Hack Race with Ida, who ran a very finely-ridden and tremendously gamo roco, for she was practically left at tho poat, and had to chase Telephone for her " naturals" all j the woy. Wolter Handicaps are gonerally popular,, and so wo woro not surprised to find eight starters for the one on Tuesday, Ula accumulated penal- ties brought Hercúlea' weight up to the tidy burden of list. 4lba., but those who knew tho big fellow just smiled and put their money on, and hinted darkly at what aort of a good t' ing it would bo if the big bay had the grandstand on his back. However, Killcena, Lyoneas, and others wero also fairly backed, and tho ultimate atrugglo waa a great one, although there waa in reality but one in it. We invariably aphold tho judge at any game, for he ia generally in the beat position to see, but sometimes hn aces wrong or docBn'fc ace at all. On Tuesday tho battle between Hercúlea and Lyoncaa waa a great but not severe one, for the maro evidently had the big fellow's meaaure all through tho laat furlong, although ho finished like a bull dog, and wo and bundrede of others were under tho impression that the daughter of Lord Lyon had won. There was a roar of astonished indignation when Hercules'« number was hoisted by Mr, Abel, but of coureo there waa no euro. Whether ho won or whether be waa second mattere little now, but in gaining the verdict Hercúlea achioved an almost unprecedented feat, for the big bay, who waa bred by Mr. J. N. Brunker, and is a son of Goldsbrough and Scintilla (by Tho Barb), captured no fewer than threo events during the afternoon, and carried no loss than list. 4lb as a wind-up. He ia at preaont in the atablo of Mr. E. Chippendall, jun., tho Secretary of the New- castle Jockoy Club, and the condition in which he waa turned out reflecta the highest credit on Harry Cahill, of whom we have always said nice things. HorculcB's victory mado ua ill, so we postponed the meeting until Wodnoaday aftor writing the following detalla : The Flying Handicap, of £40. Six furlongs, Mr. E. Chippendall'! b h Hercules, 6 or 6 yrs, 7et 131b .(Cooper) l T. Cook's br t Ilretta, 4 yri, 7it 41b. (Parry) a J. Stacker's br m Lyonee». 4 yrs, 7et....".....(Kennedy) a II. Q. Yeoman's br m Brenda, 0 yrs, 8ct 61b (carried Sib extra) It. li Jones' br g Decimal, 0 yrs, 7it 41b D. <I. Campbell's b g Butcher Boy, tired, 7st Sib Jas. Mayo s br g Uridgement, aged, «it 7lb Betting : 8 to 1 v. Brenda and Butcher Boy, 6 to 1 v. Brett», Hercúlea, and Lyonoss, 8 to 10 to 1 other«. After a long delay at the post the flag fell to an indifferent start. Hercúlea jumped off in front, whilet Butcher Boy was left at the post. Decimal and Lyoness were soon on the leader's heels, but nothing ever reached the hoy's throat strap, and he won easily by two lengths from Brotta, who waa just in front of LyoneBS, and then came Brenda, whilst Docimal waa laat. Time, 1 min. 171 sees. The Exchange Plate of £40. Weight for ago. Tho winner to be aold for £40 \ 71bB. allowed for each redaction of £10 down to nil. Six j furlongs. If r. Ii. Flemings o g Mango (£10), axed, 7st Mbs...(Cooprr) 1 C. Page's g g Royal (£3«), axed, 7it talks.(Hole) 3 T. Judgo'a br m Ida (nil), 6 year«, Ost 101b«.".(Parry) 3 Jas. Gibson's b g Telephone, aged, Ott lälbi Betting: Even money v. Mango, 6 to 4 v. Royal, 5 to 1 others. When the flag fell Ida jumped off in front, but Telephone soon headed her, and led into tho straight wich the favourite laat ¡ bat the latter swept up on tho inside, and, shaking old Royal off in a few strides, won cleverly by three parts of a length from Royal, who beat Ida by a longth. Time, 1 rain. 18} seos. The winner waa bought in for £20. Tho Town Plato of £60} second horse £5 from the prize. Ono milo. Mr. i:, Chippendall^ br h Hercules, 8 or 6 years, 8st 41b (in. penalty) ".(Cooper) 1 T Cook's ob g All Right, 6 years, 7st 181b.(Walker) a K, Chlppendall's br h The Corsair, 4 years, 7st (Bridges) S J. A. Mayo's br g Tho Rat. S years. 7et 181b ]). J. Campbell's b « Everlitae, aged, 7st 81b V. McCarthy's b g Over, aged, 7st 41b. Betting : 2 to 1 v. Hercúlea, 5 to 2 v. All Right, 6 to 1 v. Ovor, 7 to 1 v. The Rat, 8 to 1 othors Aftor half a dozen efforts the banner at longth dipped to a fair start, of which Hercules and All Right made the most use, and the former darted round the corner with the others in his immediate wako, Evoristas then shot out after tho leador and waa nearly on tonna with bim along the baok, with The Rat, The Corsair, and othors hard at it behind, but the result was never really in doubt, aa the descendant of Ooldabiough Bimply kept striding away, and although All Right made a game effort at the corner he never mado an impression, for although ho finished aecond and in front of The Corsair, it was evidently only on sufferance, and Hercules won by a length and a half at hie loisure, whilst his brown half-brother waa two lengths behind All Right ; then caroo Tho Rat, whilst Over was last. Time, 1 min. 47) sees. The Borough Handicap of £.10, For all horses who have not won a prize of tho valuo of £15 at tho time of ontranoo, Six furlongs. air, F I,. Purcell'« o g QInder, 4yrs. Oat lälu....(Bridges) 1 1) ,T.Csmpbo|i'gointilorvlua,4yrs,,7stlClb(I)onnelly) j J. .»well's hlk m Negus. Aviv, Sst 91b .(Wilson) 8 Hessrs G and K. r.ee'e br m Ksrosobst, eyre , 7tt 101b air. Ji, Uoulller's o g You're night, Syr«., tist 131b. Betting i Evens Glorvino, 2 to 1 v. You're Right» 4 to 1 the others, The start was a moderate ono, but as soon as thoy got galloping Ginger darted to the front, and there he easily stopped to the end, winning by threo lengths from Glorvina, who boat the fast finishing Ne'gus by a length, Time, 1 min, l8 sees. The Helling Haok Race, of £30 j 0 furlongs, Ida,,,.(Parry) 1 Telephone.,.,.(Walker) 9 V.t\<mi.".(Bridges) 8 Tho Plunger also ran, Batting i 5 to 4 v, Tele- phone, H to 4 v, Lia, 8 to 1 others, It was a vary bad start, Telephone and Express hopped off In front, whilst Ida was a long way ort of it, perhaps ten lengths at the bank, but young Parry rode the daughter of Koreelah very vigorously, »nd elie got up Indi by Inch until she rosebud her loaders, and then she went on freely mid won My a length, with Telephone a hoad iii front of Expiuss, Time, 1 mill, 10 sees, Tim winner was bought in for £12, The Welter Handicap, of £40, Minimum weight, Bat, 7 furlong«, Mr, I'., (.'lil|MU'inJull'< hh llvreuiei, A or 0 yr», M«H|u<In puntilles).,.,.,....." «Jsllluain I .I, Hlauker » U iii f,yom»s, i yrs, Hut titb ,,,.(Kennedy) h It, II .iomm'f br g Decimal, ii yrs. Hat JUlb.(ÍIiuuim I 'j', (look's h 11(11(1*111,4 yr*, mt lulu I', M'Oiiriljy's h a Over, ugud, ixl A. M. Cousiu'n li u Kilon, s rrs, M lib il, .1 Caiuiiliull's a m Plot, (I yri, Sst I lb U, 'I liuuiKi't h k M yin«, aged, tit, Hutting i 2 lo 1 v, Ifoiuules, ii to I v, Jfilluenn, (5 lo I v, Over, ii to I v, Lyoness, 8 to JO to I otliei«, J'lot whs the ilrst to oiiiergo from a good «tait, hut II órenlos und the others woro fjuiekly o» his hvols, Thu cheiitnut was very prominent until the back bngau to bu traversed, when Decimal dashed to the front, with Hercules aecond, Plot third, and then caine Lyonoss and Ifilluonn. Lyonuss continued to improve her position as tlioy approached the turn, where Hercules had his head in front, but the mara kept coming and coming until slio reached the favourite, whose big burdon told oven on his great baok, and notwithstanding him appeared to have tho raco at her mercy, but tho blood of Ilorculoa' mighty aire came to his assistance at tho raomont of noed, and although bia panting tidea woro rod, rooking, and parting, lie mudo a final and desporato offert and snatched It by a nose (according to the judge), with Decimal four lengths off, and the others anyhow. 