IPSEPEJ&ELL;! AN OUTCAST. [ALL BISHT8 EHSEEVBD.] Messrs. Ward, Lock and Bouiden, LvmiML- CHAPTER VI. I6HMAEL BENDERS HIS PXBBT ACCOUNT. Sr JTOSSFSt SOCfflKa, intkot of " TKb Story ol Andrew Fairfax," »Jftbei Bmterbrook," " SiUafe, 11 An, " Then, welcome each rebuff That turns earth's smoothness rough, Each sting that bids nor sit, nor stand, but go! Be our joys three parts pain ! Strive, and hold cheap the strainj Iieatn nor account the pang j dare never grudge the throe!" The following *dky Ishmael'-stsrted ipr. Altarnun Moors. There" are ' "but few drearier waits than thiB. It is true the country is undulating, but barrenness abounds on every hand. The trees are mostly small aud stunted, while for miles there is nothing to be seen but bleat barren moorland. Across this Ishmael walked without heeding the scenes by •whi ch he was surrounded j lie was too busy thinking of what his mother might say to him. For eight months he had neitb f teen nor heard from her. She had told him that she should not write, for fear of any miebap, so he was not anxious on that score. But he wondered what she would say to him, wondered how she would regard the plans lie had made. Moreover, he had been particular about his personal appearance. Two months before his master had paid him half a year's wages. It was only four pounds tea shillings, but half of this amount he had invt sfced in a now suit of clothes. It is trne I ha cloth was coarse in texture, and made by a country tailor; nevertheless, it improved his appearance wonderfully. Added to this, -he hid lost his slouching gait, and walked as though Vl16 limbs belonged to him. He was shil an awkward arid loosely fcuitt youth, but he was far more prepossessing than when he had left his mother oa the cliffs the previous November. It was getting dusk when he caught sight of tie house on the moors, and, fancying he saw his mother, he quickened his step, and hurried along the pathway. Yes, that was she, sitting by one of the patient cows, milking. He looked around. All was as drear and as quiet ss anything could well be The. old place looted terribly small ahd*'j}ov,6riy-stricken, The little fields which had been cultivated were very poor and- unproductive. The house was not as good as the barn which had Juatfeeen built at Carloggas. The cowhouses were built of mud. His mother, too, looked the picture of desolation. Then he remembered the greac treiB which grew around Penwitheii, the rich, loamy field? and the comfort, of ;he great house. His' mother had been robbed, and he had done nothing—nothing. His mother looked up as he came near, and a tear started to her eye. Yes, she loved Ishmael, her first-born—her only living child. She had not ceased to think about him during the Ions menths, and jilis wondered when he would come. Her motherly love overcame allheruEun' colcUiftBS. She dropped her bucket, rushed towards him, and threw her arms around his neck. "Ighmsel, my own poor hoy!" she sobbed. But only for a minute did she give way to her emotion, and goon she became taciturn and hard again. "Come into the house," she e.id "You've walked fifteen miles across tho moors. You'll want somethin' to ait. Come." He followed her into the house, and she busied herself to get him food, he watching her closely, she often casting searching glances towards him. " Doan't'ee have nobody to stay with'ee, mother ?" He said. " Sally Larkins do allays slaip here:" Ms gave a sigh of relief. Joflt before the ham and eggs which -were being prepared were ready to be laid on the table, she came to his side again. " Stand up, Ishmael, and show me yer clothes." He Stood up. •" Nearly seventeen," she muttered; " by the lime he's twenty-one he'll be better'n the best ov "em," Then she placed his food before him. While he was eating she did not speak, ^ut when he had finished his meal she sat <down by his side, and laid her hand on hi6. " Well?" she said questioningly. He looked guiltily on the table. What have you done ?" Nbtbin'." "Nothin' in eight months, Ishmael, notbin'P" rt Nothin' that can be called anything Mother, ted'n sa aisya? you think." " Bight months, and nothin'—and you livin' in the house I" " No, mother, no—he wudden *»ve me there." " Where do you live then ?" "At Carloggas." " And you've never been, in to Penwithen Ho-use t" " Isa. That night after .you left me. T "went to ask for service. You tould me, ya "Well?" Ishmael described his experiences. "'And yon saw him—where ded you Bay?" " In the library." " Ah! tell me what 'twas lite." Ishmael described it. ^. " Fine carpet^ fine 'grate, fine furniture -fine bookcase 'and fiookis/' ehe repeated between her teeth. " Yes. Well, he sent yoa to Carloggas ?" Esjtmael "nodded. -'John Bassett is farmer there." She nodded her head slowly, then she "Have you tried to git the—will?" " No—that is——" Not tried ? Not tried? Have Iraired. ee for this ? Be you a poor shiverm' soul,} (as , 'II -leave the man who tobWl yer toawjiifiej? every Ssomfovt;. while gbe do slave %ere t" and ehe lifted ..up her toilstained'Siisuds. " "Wait a bit, mother," he said quickly.. • What ond Ido? T knawd nothm' nor: nobody. I dwj'n -dare to tell anybody who I was. I've 'atlS to ferret out things little, by little. S'poosulM taeklM 'ee right off, what wud r a' fan tie. goad? I knawd; nothin': He end laatii raa every "way Why, you who had it—"be vou He 3o knajr isich a lot. He's the clev.-frest man formilee: •round. Nobody can git over 'un. He do. bait everybody he do come across I seed; tisst m a short while. But I've bin making planti. I've bin thinkm'. And 't'U be no "use nrf. matchm' myself agenst he if I lisan'fcs'O clever and eo cunmn' as he eg I Snust knawflomuch. as he. I must Why, We as slipper' as an eel; hn'll git out ov, •ia scrape as easy as l ean pull my foot out: myehoev ; Bttt I've been watebin'." For a few minutes she was silent, eyi-, dtrefcly thmkmg 'deeply. Then she Bail ; sloviy: ."'•.:. "You'm *ight:. T«hma«LTBi too lm- \- patient. 'Tec hard bem' here without jny bov. Bat tell me what yon've done' Ishmael told bis mother what I have: written in these p^ges, with the exception of the meeting with" Eeuben Penwithen'c «M4ren. This ke4i4 aoifeel €rawn -to tell "And now you want toleave Carloggas?' " I shaU :hB.v<i more time to leJarn jf I go be able to watch just as well—perhaps better." '* Perhaps you will, perhaps you will," ehe mused; " but mind you mustn't bind yerstlf. There would be papers to eign, papers telling about your parentage, and where you've lived, and .ill that. That mustn't be " No, mother; I sea." "And look here,"she went on, "you mustn't forget what you've got to do, mind that. Eemembsr you're a servant boy wh«n yon ought to ha' bin maaster." He nodded. "How does he look?" she broke out, after a silence. " Does he look stout jand healthy ? Is he happy ?" " He do look well enough," said Ishmael! " and do ride on the best hoss for miles around, but I believe he's unaisy." "How?" . . . " I went to the house just after Christmas, and crawled up under the library winda, behind a big fuchsia tree. I looked through the winda." "Ah, yes! Did you see I im ?" " t did." " What wag he doing ?" . " I watched a goodish bit; he was allays on the move—allays He seemed to be feared. Ha went to a little cuddy in one corner ev the room, and pulled aside a eurtin'. There was a great big iron box tbetv." i ^'--Yesr wJiat^hSnSP") '• But afore he went thers he locked the door-ov the room. And he-was takin' keys out ov his pocket to unlock the iron box when I made a bit ov noise 'ginst the winda. Ehen he $urnei round like lightniu', as though he were feared, ifeckon my face must ha'made a shadow on the winda, for he made for the dear, when a trap^comed up, and JI heard .Eoaie laUghin'." " And then P" " I looked it." For a long timeSthey sat talking, until Ishmael had told his mother almost everything—told her all his plane, liis hopes, his fears. Then Sally Larking, the old woman who slept it) the house with Judith Pengelly, came- and Ishmael went to b*d. The following afternoon Judith asked iBhmael to go to the little Method is 6 cbapel which lay in the distance with her, but he refused. "No," he saitl; "he'd have nothin' to do wi' religion." Judith looked- at hiin strangely. Somehow ale felt that she ou»ht to tench her boy about religious things, and jet she feared. A superstitious feeling possessed her, and the was afraid lest she should be calling the anger of Heaven upon her if she neglected her boy's soul. •' Tshmael," she said at length, " I hear ther's people living still who c»U -themselves' Samaritans. Christ thought a good deal of >m.' They believe only in the five books which Moses wrote: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy. 1 want you to read them," " But I have, mother." "Bead'em again, Ishmael B'ad 'em a goodish bit. You cin't ba a heathen if you read 'em again and again." Then she went to chapel without him, and as she went she pondered " It's an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth there," sh". said. "Ho'mustn't read tbe rest till we've done our work." It was a efcrange religion, surely! But then Judi h Penrose w a &t;> anse woman. Her heart had been embittered—her life blackened. Moreover, the surroundings of Iit lifo were not calculated to lead her to think on the higher truths of religion, while the ' caching- at the little chapel she attended on Sunday, afternoons was very crude and elem-nlary. On the Monday, Ishmael started for Tintagel, and, arrived there, made his way for Trethewy's shop. " I'll come and learn the trade," he said; " mother's willin'." "All right. Well aud what 'bout endenchers P"' (indentures). " I'll htve noan of 'em," replied Ishmael. '' I'll w. tk for 'ee, and I'll promise to stay till I'm i-wenty-one ef nothin' happens, but I'll sign no papers." Tommy Trethewy haggled a good bit, but finally they came to terms, and Ishmael, much to his delight, arranged to come to him a fortnight later. There is but one more incident that I: need to relate concerning this part of Ishmsel's life. This happened on the last, night of his sstjourn at Garloggas farm Ho had packed up the few thiugs he possessed, special care having been paid to 'he beaks, when, remembering the parting words of his mother, he crept gen )y out of the house, aiid made his way towards Peuwith.n. Had ho not a purpose in going to P«'nwiihen he would have been glad to be AWAy from Carloggas, for John Bassett was bv no means pleased his leaving, and offered him more wages to stay £he chanci of haying one who 'cdiiljlijjp Hhe: wo 'k of a ittan^oti paymglit o£4' ! bby'B i wft'ges: did not often ociur, and Le resented Ishmael's persistency in leaving to such a degree that he often made the poor lad uncomfortable, Moreover, lie was not beloved by the servants in the kitchen, and he was glad to get away alone. It was long past sunset when he drew near to Penwithen, but it was summer time, and eo the night was by no meua dark. " I ain't a'bin for a good while now, so nobody can say I've bin loppin'- about the place," he muttered j "{jut I do want to have a look at that room again. Peoplo do say that he do spend oal his ev'nin's there alone, aud that lie wasn't have anybody there with 'im. There's somethin' on his mind—Ikuow." And Ishmael hurried along the pathway until he csme to the great overshadowing trees that grew around the house. Long be looked, but he could seu no one. Evidently old Leah had got the servants for prayer, according to her usu\l custom; but what of the master ? He looted towards the' library- window, but no light was to "fee seen. Evidently he could not be there. . Perhaps he had gone out. Ah! Ji6 should like to get itt that room for a little "time. If he could only get the key of that iron' box! His mother had told him that-be had that will.somewhere; would it not be tepfc there ? Anyhow, he could go up to the window and look. And so he crept along ;the,garden path stealthily, looking right and left, Vith every sense on the alert. But there seemed no -danger. AU was silent. The. winde had gone te rest, too., and the feathered tree-tope ^ar^ly.mo.v^io.t[ie<Btilljiesfl.o£ the^ummera^hfi. i^rftae^^ preached: the window and, jgetfciiig noiselessly'm- liind -thafuchsiabushjloofced andfliBteBed. He could see nothing. So light was in the room, and as the night .shadows had fallen nothing was at first discernible to bim. r Although :he couldeee aothmg.liowever, he heard voices, ^.t first ^t was only an uitotancfc jaurmur, lut pr«senHy he was able to jisttngoiish jpords'. Me recognised old Iieah'p %-oipe. -eSe^wjis coniuoting prayer for the servants, jis ifi Metened ier words became lojider/snd ehe. epdke as if in zntenea-agony. J Leah had been 111 the iabit Of reading certain prophetic magazines, which' prophesied that the wwid <wgs coming.: to an end shortly. The Book of "Hie Prophet 'Oamel wasiargely quoiedy andi compare^ •with the Bpok o£ Bevelation. ' These tWDtaken.itogether.wereiiinadeAtoteachTithat the day was near at hand when-the ele- -;Bientswoiileiiii6lt^iltb.;aferveat-heatJ and i>hat all that Vaa "the world should be burnt tip. Leah tad-jbecome an easy con- <reriio tads belief,i.t«i4 lei'prayeiB were: coloured by the thoughts printed in the hysterical paper. She prayed for each servadjfc fry name, beseeching the Lord to save them from fthe. Day of W rath, 'and :%-s,iid-by Xekmaerfe heart gave a bound, for he found that he became the subject of her, prayers. She called him iffce ftfeok sheep of the wildernauftmfibSIA'iit-jtijilqMQ&frvbtiit.toAuillii; asd prayed ithat his «o«l might is yerte^, As he looked and listened his eyes be- 1 came accustomed to the dim light in the room, and he saw that someone was sitting in the great arm-chair. 'Eeuben Penwithen had been sitting alone iu the twilight, reading, thinking, calculating. He had heard Leah's prayer, had smiled at her beliefs, until she had prayed for Ishmael, He had heard ot the episode in the chapel, and knew that from that time Leah had given herself over to " wrestle!' for his soul. A curious feeling came over him as he listened to her wild pleadings': Somehow he felt that he wac linked to this sad-eyed, lonely youth; he could not tell how. And so he listened in tently uhtil the prayer was nearly at an end, when he turned his face towards the window, end saw the outline of Ishmael'^ face looking ghastly enough in the dim light. For a moment a superstitious fear entered into his heart. Then a look of anger flashed from his eyes. He caught the collar of a large dog which had been lying at his feet, led Mm out of the room, and opening the door of the house, sent him after the retreating form, which he dimly saw in spite of the shadow of the great trees. CHAPrEB VII. THE VOICB OP THB DEAD. " But if you look into it, the balance is perfectly adjusted even here. G-od has made His world much better than you aud [ could make it. Everything reaps its own harvest, every act has its own reward. And before you covet the enjoyment which another possesses you must first calculate the cost at which it was procured." Beuben Penwitheii followed the dog as rapidly as he was able, and ere long saw that the intelligent animal had come close to the youth, and that they now stood facing each other. " At him, Shep 1" said Beuben j but although the dog crouched and growled, hedid not obey. " At bim, old man!" he repeated; and still the dog refused to attack the young fellow, who stood waiting for him. "He waan't," said ishmael j "he's feared." " What are you doing here, young fellow ?" asked Reuben angrily; " and whai do you mean by looking in at my window ?' Nothin'," replied Ishmael, still keeping his eyes on the dog. " But you were; what do you mean bj it?" ' Nothin'," repeated Ishmael j " call ofi your dog." Somehow he did not at all feel fright ned at Keut'eu mw he stood face to fa3e with b : m. "I'll do nothing of the sort," replied Eeubea. " I'll have you taken before thf magistrates, and then sent out of the neighbourhood. You are here for no good young fellow. I was foolish to get you a job; but if you don't leave this part of the coun ry at once it shall be worse for you— yon blaspheming young infidel!" Ishmaai realised the weakness of this threat. First, the magistrates were to send him out of the neighbourhood, and then, if he didn't leave the neighbourhood at onco, it should be the worse foi him. I shall not leave the neighbourhoid,' replied Ishmael. " I've done nothin wrong." " Who are you ?" said Eeuben. This • rrxyBi.ecious lad made him uncomfortable, and he asked the question almost withoii thinking. "You kn&w; my name—Ishmael Pengelly. I've no friends, but I've my livin to,git,ianaIiave es much i3glxt,lx>;git,it as ; yonhavK"" ' *• « The reply contained a note of sullen defiance, aud Eeuben did not like being defied. "For years he'd been on« of the most important men in the neighbourhood, and to be bearded by this great hulking fellow angered him. He wondtred whether a shout would reach the ears of the men servants in the kitchen. He w.-.s afraid not. But he must punish Ishmael somehow, and make him afraid if possible. He wonderad if he dared to tackle him. After all he was only a lad—although he was so big. Meanwhile the dog had been crouching, watching Tehinael's every movement, and as soon as his attention was slightly diverted from him prepared to leap. " That's it, Shep I At him!" urged Eeuben, "'at hita!" he repeated in an angrv voice j and the dog with a savage growl-' obeyed his master's voice Tie animal was by no means a lady's pet. Hilf a sh pherd's dog. and half a mastiff, he w.is a formidable opponent, especially when aroused, and urged on. by his master. " Ah I thaf s got you, you Wacbguard !" cried Esuben, as he saw the dog leap upon Ishmael, with his mouth towards the youth's throat; " we'll soon see about it now." But iis triumph was short-lived. Ishmafl, tall and large- boned: posse =sed great strength, aiid although licking ths powers Of endurance which he would posEesa in later years, he was for a brief time far more than a match for ah ordinary man. Unmindful of the sharpness of the dog's teeth, he ciiight him by the throat with his right haud;aad by the bsokpart of his body with iie'left; then lifting him high in the air he dashed him to the'ground with a terrible;, force. The dog gave a great yelp of psin as he fell. th»n picking himself up as soon as he was able, crept awaiy^with.^ pitiful whin 1 !. "You shaJl suffer for this, you shall!" cried Ishma,el to Eeuben, clenching hi6 bleeding hand. He "was going to say something? more,: hut checked hiSiself; then turning in his heel, h^made his wai- back " My c tiirh'll come sometime,". :He inntfeered; "it'll come. I doan't see "how, yet, but if 11 jpsrely come; I'm glad I didn't say : nothin', tboueh." ' - f AttHhiough 1 tW ilglit «he lay awafoie, planning; vowing vengeance, and then: planniing agMn. : tintil" l;he morning sun shone m upon;his scanty bed. MickLiddi-; coat lay jsnonng at his side, ibut he didnot heed Although every one m the house; was asleep, he got up, and' made his tvayv towards the ses; and, arrived, there, he divested himself of his clothes and plunged; into six fathoms of water: He had learnt the accomplishment: of: swimming that summer; partly because Toamjoyed it, aud more ^because he thought it might be useful ,to-;him.: some :Tday. And somehow the wliolesomeuess of-the -great sea madehismiadmoreh^ alkedjjaek to Oarloggas after hit bath, he roodea iees, and watched the pearly dew- f rops ' bb they "hung on corn and gras=, wonde'dng ap their hrightneat as they glistened in fhe Bjjn. As for 'Beu^^n, be crept back tq the fjouse syitha faf^yy wpight on hia hpart. Tq him thw wa« moya thaif anordisiafy ep; <qae. The previous wiener two navies had some to Penwithen and .stolen -.gome chickens, but this he had thought but little about. They wereofimary.rosghaibutthiB youth—there •wapsAWild, %vlliook-apm his face that did not lifce, The fellow jeemci to carry a lofc of darkaeerets ^ond withhim. -He iad the ylamp. ;W ,aud glased on the table."'and the blinds carefully drawn; 60 to hide everything from the outside, and ' ha. ihen; .not ^alisfied, he cloBed : the. ehutters:' This'tlone; -be locked the doorjand iatfdown 1 •in his armchair,^eijawed for-a long time vpth his .chm restwg on his cisst eyes closed •"No, nof he said at-lengfch, "it can't be n anything te -do with that It's only i who am afraid. -I'm"always troubling about always troubling myself without reason; .And yet that'igllow makes me think oi her. ' "Nineteen "yeari/ nineteen years—and ne^er aword,!neVer a-.word to tell me if. she l;vee,y Ay it," snd jt^e ^be'en mneteen year^ .of at'-^afloggs? In the old days. I befieve I loved her, too, ire a'different way from Amelia,'%nt I lovei her iu a'fearsogw ^nd of way, '&M;*8he4o7e3jpi6 at ona time. She •JTOuld 4»v$ givenier life-far me—and I de- CElvid^^ohhed herr %ke r $me ^ m ' t - 4 worth the candle, after all. fcnow. And yet I don' 1 do love the old place. I love th ®™ey it brings, and I'm prond of my p:si Then he sat a long time motionless; so still was he that one might him dead. But he aroused again presently, and went on muttering to himself. I'm a "fool to bother so. Everything is safe, as safe as can be. Judith must be -dead long ere this. I shall never see her again, and I have the will." He started from the chair, and looked towards the safe. " Why am I always wanting to see it, always wanting to read it?" he mattered. " I hate the sight of it, and yet it fascinates me. I often dream that I see old Michael writing it, and holding up his head between the words forbidding me to claim the land. It is a wonder how the thought sticks to me through the years, and haunts me like a nightmare. I wisb I'd never seen it; but there, I muat gn and have one more look at it." He walked across the room, aud then stopped suddenly. " I've forgotten all about that fellow," he muttered. "I came in here vowing vengeance on him, and I've scarcely given him a thought. Everything seems t> centre on this—this!" He un'ocked the safe, and then, looked nnxiously around the room. " I believe I'd confess everything but; for them," he went on. " I wouldn't mind for myself. Belter to be poor if by being poor I could be rid of this feeling. 1 could go away, and never be heard of again. But I cannot leave them poor. Poor Bertie is nearly a cripple, while Grace—no. I'll hold fast—but there, what a f.->ol I am!" He opened the door of the safe, and looked keenly at each compartment. Then he took a book from it, which was fastene < and locked. ThiB he unlocked, and looked carefully at its contents. Then he turned to the thick cover, and quickly found a pocket or compartment, evidently contrived for important documents. From this he extracted a piece of parchment. " 1 couldn't keep it in the cash-b^x," he said; "I might have to run to it hurriedly, and leave it carelessly sometime; and yet, I don't like to keep it here." He spread it out on the table. " The last will and testament o£ Michael Penrose." Then he unfolded it, and for the thousandth time read its e ntenta. " I shall never feel safe until I see it burnt wi h my own eyes," he said; "and then I should be constantly fearing it would be r J u»r_cted in some way." liu*. I will burn it," he continued, after a while. It malie3 my life a hell; its existence warn* me that my children miy be paupeis There, I'll do it" He lit a candle and took the will, holding it close to the steady fliino, then he dr fw it back quickly. " What's that ?" he cried. " Surely I heard a scratch at the window-pane or else it was something at the safe'." He stopped &".d listened for a minute' or more but all was silent—as silent as death: Ah, it's only my foolish fears after nil t—only my foolish fears." He 'iielS the piirciiHi'nt against tlie-flame again, and again he drew it back. He heard a loud ticking,-idudir than the sound of a watch, very near ti him Tick, tick, tic ir, tick, ticki'j ^A.t first it seemed on the lib tary table, then on the mantelpiece, then on tSe safe... His haud tremb'ed so that Tie could scarcelv- holdthe will, while the pers,>irat;on stood thick on his forehead. Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick," he heard, on and on the sound went, then suddenly ceased. He Swiped his-forehead a'-fl looked; fearfully around the room. The lamp* burnt clearly, the shutters were closed, nothing was to be seen. It's the death watch!" he cried ait length. " Nay, I'm not so foo ish as to be frightened by thit. An insect signalling for its mate, that's all. It might scare a superstitious oJd woman, but Eeuben Penwithen knows ;.biut these things," And yet the s?und had wrought upon his excited nerves, for there was a strain of Buperstiti in in his nature. Old Leah had told him stories long years ago— stories of omens, and tokens, and death's head moths j t ales of ghosts audapparitions. and to-night he did not feel like laughing them. Still, he held old Michael's will to the •aiidle flame once more, and once more he stopped. The lines of some doggerel which wan bad taught him as a boy csme back to his mnd with great vividness. He had helieved iu them in the old days but of late years he had discarded all such thingk as foolishness. After all, Leah was au old woman, who a child had been nurtured on stories of ghosts aud goblins, and h>had ceased to pay heed to what she said Still he could not help repeating the doggerel to himself: Strike a dead man's face, By a dead man you'll be haunted; Steal a dead man's ring, Aui by headmen you'll be daunted; Cross a dead man's will. You can scarce do worse; Bum a dead man's writing, And you'll get that dead man's curse.'' He threw the will on the floor as thouo-h it were a serpent, aud then,' as if anirrv with himself, picked it up again, " Oh, I am a weak, poor fool 1" he cried; ' and after nineteen years, too. For 'tis nineteen years since I stole this will from Judith, and I've never had a happy dAy <"'ice. Again and again Fve tried to •troy it, and I've always failed. But I vjill do it. It's the only link of the past It's the only possible way by which the truth can be known." With a trembling hand he lifted the parchment to the candlerflame again, but ha could not keep it there. The lines old Lsah hq.d taught him were ringing in his cm, and every word seemed to make: him feel old Mich⪙'e presence; " Cross a dead man's will, Tou can scarce do worse j Burn adead.man'e writing, And you'll .get that dead man's curse He knew it meant nothing. He knew there were scores of similar verses repeated up and down the country; and that they were as meaninglesrf as empty air. Nevertheless, he could not carry his purpose into effect. He placed the will : back in the raceptacle which had been cunningly con- ! trivcd ln the thick cover of the book"; this: he placed back in. the safe,.which he carefully locked. " At »ny rate, it will i>e all right there until I can think of a better hiding-place," he muttered j then,-with; a -.heavy sigh, hel went to his bedroom, stopping two or three; times on hie way,' and looking rotmcl r'-^ith fearful: glances. »..,- ; !phe, dext jinormng ^Sie was up in good his- horse to tie saddled, 'which 3}.e im mediately mounted aqd ?o4e towards Well, John" he said, as he saw his brother-in-law come out of his new bam, " Carloggas looks different from what it id in the old days." • "It had need, too, Eeuben," replied Bassett " Your com looks well. You make it do; don't you f ,s ' r " Since you let me have those fouf good dairy fields, I can make it do, and pay my yent. You Joiow that." "$i}t I Ipt yoa have it cheap,-and this ew barnmeansayear'gseiitkn.O(ikedofJ| "Oh, I don't complain. Yon are very kind to me." " I remember Amelia," he said, with a sigh. " There iu a talk of your jnarryin' again," said Bassett, uneasily. " Miss Tredinnick, of Endellion." " Then, the talk is lies," said Eeubenj. <' I ehftll neyer T^arry again M He looked gloomy as he made this reply. Then, as if anxious to change the subject, he said; f " You'll be -wanting more hands now the h&rvfesti; ttvfest is coming on, won't yoaf > v "That I BhW m m rne farmer; ' r 1 especially since that great black-eyed chap you sent over here last November is gone." "Is he gone P" asked Eeuben eagerly. " Where ?" "Gone to Tintagel." " Why did you send him away P Didn't he behave himself? What did he do wrong, eh ?" " I didn't send 'un away; he. went of his own free will. I'd no fault to find wi' un. He served me well—did a man's work for a .bfiy's wage. I offered 'un more to stay -but he wouldn't." i.jUeuben was disappointed. He hoped that - he had done something wrong, and had been discharged. 'Twould hav,? been ai easy matter then to have got him out of the neighbourhood. " Where is he gone P " he said at length; " that is, to whese place ? " "To Tommy Trethewy's. He's goingto learn Carpentaria' and buildin'." Beuben stayed at Carloggas a very little while ionger after this, but galloped his horse up the lane which led to the sea In a few minutes he reached the summit of the hill, and was soon iu eight of the great Atlantic. He dismounted and sat down on the grass, while a discontented look rested on his face. " I can do nothing through John," he said to himself, ''nothing at all. Can anything ba done with Tommy Trathewy 1 He depends on me for a good 'dfeil.of -work, and would not like to offend ihe, But what ciri [ siy if t go to him, and why,should I say anything f" He looked out on the wide sea, and its immensity gaTe Mm a sense of freedom and strength; he turned and looked on the broad acres arouad him, m?st of which were supposed to be his, and xhess gave him a sense of security and comfort. " After all," he said, " I know nothing against the fellow. A strange, hulking youth, ao doabt, but that is all. It's my own eonscience that has made me feel so bitter towards him; he.alwuys reminds me of—but never mind. Why should I go and seek to ruin his prospects when the gain is so doubtful ? Of course, if I thought that any good would come o£ driving him from the country I would do it, no matter what the consequences were, bat I don't see the gooi of it." For a long time he calculated and conid ered the probable issues, and finally concladed to let him. stay. If Ishmael were his enemy, as he had a vague idea that he was, it might not be the wistst thing to drive him out of sight. Indeed, it might b?. better if he kept him within tight. If he were only a •urly, dark-minded youth —well, then, he— Seaben Pmwithcn—had nothing to bother abonfc. Still, he woiilsi watch, and that, closely, so closely that nothing, however sa-.a'l, should escape his notice. S} far his mind was settled ; but he was not quite free from the influences of the rrght before That '.ill still troubled him. as it bad done ever since old Margery hud died Presently he crave a start anJ looked up. It was only .Nick Liddicoat, onei of hi; brother-in-law's Hnr'auts; and before Ni-.k oims wo Reuben had conceived a plan. " Nick," he said, " i ake my horse back to Carloggas stables. I'll ca'l for him in i-bjut an hott?." " Iss, eur," rep'iei Nick, who led the animal away until he had got out of R< ubeu's sight, thra he j;;mped on: his bifk, " j st to zee ef he cadien ride a gentleman's hnss." As for Boubzn, he harried down the cliff*, and presently came to the sandy beach. H« hurried along a litile way until he came to the cave into which he had gone nineteen years before, He had.the will with himthTO, and he was wondcriug what he shculd do with it. f£o-3a/ he was still undecided. He entered 'the cave. Its' moath Bfcood bebiud great Vocks, and was thus hidden from view. He had discovered it .when a boy. He believed then, as he believed now. that no one knew- of it but himself. The-dooi was-covered -with hard dry Ban'!. The sea never enterediexcept at liigh tides, while the water, never reached the extreme • nd of it He lit a match auaaoukedaromd. He examined the roof and sides, feeling along carefully with his hands. Presently his hand we'at into a hole in the side of tbe cave. How the hole bad been made he did not. know, but he knew that such holes in caves weic common. Vee, he could just touch the end. How quiet it was in there I Outside the waves surge 1 and moaned, but there «.ll was different. The nearest house was half a mile away, and the cave was unknown. He sat down on a stone and remained there thinking f ir an hour or more, liis mind seemed made up, and he came outside and 'ook-jd around. No one was near, no one saw. Then he went back to Carloggas with a look df confidence on his face. * * + # * That day Ishmaol started to work at Tomm; Trethewy's, and he, iu spite of his interest in his work, made many plans about the future, oot knowing what Beuben Penwithen had detaiiaiaed upon. (To be continued.) —BabK Bw, Ezra, Robebt Bkownwg. —PuEDEBICK W. EOBEBTSOK. 