6M AMERICAN LETTER. BOXING ON THE BOOM. Mitchell and Corbett. THE COLUMBIA ATHLETIC CLUB. Tho Sinith-Grifllu Fight. Solly Smith a Winner. TUB NAP1ER.BUBNS CONTEST. Griffo and George Larigue— Thoy aro Matched to Fight at the Columbia A.C. Corbiitt Challenges Peter Jackson— Parson Dnvles Accepts— A Forfeit Posted— What Charlie Mitchell Says-Sol Smith and Dlxon— Corbett lit the World's Fair— A Regular Frost-llilly Maber Whipped Corbett and Grlffo— Jue U'AulltTo Challenges Goddard— Death or the Crescent City Club— Tom Tracer Hatched— J. L. Sulli van Again— Stanbury and Candour, Who will Win Coursing Notes —An Australian Team of . Greyhounds — All - News Up to Dote * (Special to TtfB ' Referee.') San Fhancisco, July 21, 1803. ? Chicago has furnished no end of gossip for tho American sport3 during tho past three wooks, for it is thero, close to tho new olub in Eoby, that tho majority of tho boxers of all sizes and weights bavo_ assembled roady for aotion. It would seomas if tho Columbian Athlotio Club wdB muster of tho situation. Recognising in the Couoy Island Club a formidable rival, that is, if it over guts started, tho ontorpnstng manager ot tuo uolutnumn Club has been anticipating the maimgors of tho others in overy possible way and gathering in aH.the available timber for inatchea. Just how tho Columbian Club stauds with the authorities still scoms to be a matter of doubt among those who have beeu watching matters in Chicago, but, to my mind, I would say tho club stands ' ace high,' basing my judgment on tho fiict that the club has al ready had sevoral exhibitions, and is advertis ing itself for an oxtonsivo programme in the future. It has boon given out by the Governor several times that he is not in favor of tho olub, or any other ono, but still the sport goes on just tho same. Aftor its last event, the Governor raised a howl against the sheriff of tho country in which tho club is sitnuted for not having stopped tho exhibition, and arrested tl/o combatants. Ho threatened to call into action the State militia to aid him in stopping future-contests if tho sheriff refused to do his duty ; bat next day tho club manager was making new matches, as if ho bad recoivod a quiet tip from the executive officer to go ahead. There is no doubt that tho Coney Island Club would gladly see its rival fall by the wayside, for its own matches havo boon tampored by its rival, which has ovon boon moddling with tho proposed affair botwaon Corbett and .Mitchell, which tho Coney Islanders havo been quietly looking forward to as a means of reaping one of tho biggest harvests of dollars in tho history of American pugilism. Tho Conoy Island Club appears to havo nover fully recoverud from the shock it got two months ago, when tho Governor of Now York declared that ho was going to put hiu foot down on boxing in that city, and mado epecial reference to the preparations that were going on for the consummation of the match between Corbott and Mitchell. As you havo alroady been advised, Corbott and Mitoholl DREW HOSTS THEIK SIDE BET, or at least they pretoudod to, and ovory othor precaution wns takon to give tho match tho appoaranco ot boing simply a scientific affair, in which two mou were simply going to com pote for tho honors attending it. Of course, at that timo mattors looked bluo ia New Orleans, and althongh Mitchell had already siguod articlos with tho clnb thoro, ho expressed a willing ness to moat Corbett in tho Conoy Island Glub for a larger purso, which had alroady been offered, aud the Coney Inland Club took Ilia Btutemout as a conclusion that it would eventually got the match. It ban, howover, had little to say regarding tho matol),,porh;ipR for foar that too muoh talk might arouso tho ire of tho authorities. Its silence has boen construed by many as a sigu of weaknoss, aud tho fact that it has not boen bidding for any of tho first-class fightors, supportod thin idua. until a fow days ago, whon Jndgo Newtou, its manager, camo forth from hix seclusion, urnl since then thoro has boon no end of talk, and nocessarily so, for the wily judgo discovered that tho Colum bian Clubliad boon quiotly negotiating with Corbott and Mitcholl to have them uign with itself. Wbow ! butNowton wns mad, and boforo bo had fully vontod his wrath bo had Corbott over tho gridiron and was roasting him un mercifully. Poor Corbott, ho appears to bo TilE BUUJECT OP A ROAST BT EVERYBODY. If tho abnso heapod upon bis Pompadour head was confined exclusively to tho Eastern cities tho Californians might attributo it to the jealousy of tho newspaper men thoro, but it isn't. Tho hardest poiicil rubn ho has got were inbisown town, and thoso started tho EaBtorn scribes' pencils going at fall spood. John L. Snllivau dnring his entire drunken career, which at times loft an oponing for public cenauro, never got the ovation that has boon accorded to ' Our Jim ' during hii short exporionco in tbo professional ring. Lately Corbott's mind has foastod ontiroly on bittar nowspapor attacks, which would drive an ordinary mnn to drink. Still ho is nover plensud, and continues putting bin own foot dotvn liis mouth whenevor he opens it. Hod tho misguided and mismanaged boxor twelve months ago AGKEED TO MEET JACKSON n'nin as tho public demanded, aud finished his undecided fight, and won or lost it, ho would to- day havo nppcarod in a far bettur light hoforo tho public than he cau ovor oipeot Corbolt'a manager, whilo tho pair wore recently in tho city, had a groat deal to say nbout what lie terrnod Pr.rsou Davioa' bluff as rogarda a match for Jackson, mid rocountod how hu had tried to fiud Homo of Davios' alleged deposit mouoy in How York, but had failed. Davics (laid nothing In roply, but awaited an opportunity to moot Corbott faoo to face and cnll him down. A weok ago thu oppor tunity camo, aud IJAVIE3 SCOKEU WITH BOTH FEET in such an iuiproaaivti wuy that tho wholo country ban niuuo boon commenting upon tho fact, it -vaa in thu Columbian Club »horu tho thousands of Chicago HpurU had a»som blud to withusk tho fight botiruon Solly Smith aud Johnny Griffin on Tuly 10, that tho Parson got in hiu work, a.id there waa a marry timo, I tell you. Cortwtt, through hU manager, who neodad material to boom tho ' Ooutlemau Jack' ? how along, had been charging that Mitnholl wan not going to kocp hiu appoiutruont, aud a lot of other rubbish. In tho mcantima tho Columbian Clnb linn been trying to indues Corbett to mi/n with it, assuring him that it already hud Mitchell's word for tho match. Corbott bad already mgncd conditional nrticlos for tho light with tho Coney Inland Club, but Managor O'Malloy, of the rival club, did not beliefs that Mitchell would ar*r fight in Now York if he -could got a match olnowheru, for'Uo 'is1 iijt' p'opular with the poliao thoro, and lives in uiortal fear of arrest. Consoquontly, O'Malloy offered Corbott 45,000doT. dotormincd to tako ehaucos in getting Mitcholl to sign. Undor a strong prossure of influenco Corbott finally duo onuibod, and signed with tho new olub, and next day Manager O'Malley nuuouucod tho fact to tho world. THEN THERE WAS TKOODLE. Corbott's manager, it appoars, was in Now York at tho timo Jim Higilod articles in Juilgo Newton's Company at Iho vory moment that tho news of C«irbett'n aotion camo over Iho wire Ilo denied that his mnn had any right to sign olsor.iiBre, ami guvo assurance to Judgo Newton that this provioua contract would not bo violated. Then ho hied himself to tho tolograph ofllco, and in a short timo Oorbott'u roply camo as follows :— CliiciiKO, July 2, 1603. Have lipullivo iuforimitiim lioio Mileiiell sifiied for -Columbian Athletlo Chili; .IS.OUOdol i-ur«o. Fleaio liivifitlgate. My wor.l to you goes, but you unut net MUuholl or 1 irlll sign hero. Jaxijs J. CouBKTf. If Corbott thought ho was going to got out of his agreoinont with tho Conoy Island Club ho must have been diHagrooably disappointed, for Judgo Newtou next day replied in tho following caustic manner : — Conoy Inland, July 2. Mr. James J.CovboU— Dear Sir,— 1 neithor undor stuml your telegram or uctioug. It's your slfrun turu, not your word, tlrnt tho olub holds. You probably (orKOt our. past courcrsntioiis ; also, the business traumictlous hail at thu St. James Hotel, Now York, between UniJy, yourself, anil me, nt which time thuro ra« also present Tod Foluy, your brother .Too, null Dau Smith. Havo you forgotten tho pujwr tuat was ilrawu liy Ilnuly. JiKucd by you, auil delivered to mo for tho Coney Islaml Athlotic Club, aud nlturtvurdu, at your nuiKCition, sent across tho stroet to Dulmoniuo'a for Mr. Abt) iluiu mol'a inspection ? Do you recollect how muioualy you awaited tho return of tho niesacufer vrltu Mr, llunimol's roply ? I)o you reniombor what that roply was, and tow anxious you woro to havo tbo matter closed up prior to your departure for Canuda to join tho Bhow ? Do you remember telling me that tho articles signed by you aud Mitcholl loft tho election of.tlia club to your judumeut. and tlmt tho limit uumed in those artioHM had or was nbout to uxpiro.aud tlmt. you wanted to bo rid of tho aiixlotr and worriineut of tho wholo mutter, aud that if tbo matter was not thon closed you were iifraid liltouell would flunk, and that you wanted to tlo liim up so thoro could bo no slip about tho mutch j- 'Do you romembor }'our expression of adiairation about the East aud itH peoplo, also soino other kinds of expressions for other localities ? Now, kindly answer aud let mo know whether it's Conoy Island or not. It matters not to us, except ing that tho time has arrived v.-liou ivo should know. and tho inatUir should be definitely settled at ouco. — Uoapectfully yours, K. V. Newtos. You can draw your own conclusions on this matter. Cortainly tho American public did, and Corbott was roasted harder than ever. But this, was only a drop in his bucket of troubles. Moanwhilo Corbott's mauagor fixed matters up with Judge Newton, and it was given out that Corbott would only fight in tho Conoy Island Club. . All this time, however, ho was showing to poor houses in Chicago, and was sorely in need of somothing to. stir up his business. Had ho been permitted to carry out his con tract with tho Columbian Club tho latter would probably havo at ouco bogun to boom thu match along, for it eventually got Slitchcll'a consent, and by taking up tho match it would havo helped Corbett's Bhow along. But matters got worse and koho, and finally, as a lost resort, nmnagor Brady re ceived a concession from tho World's fair CommUsionojd TO EXHIBIT HIS CHAMPION in Midway Flaisance, down among tho Turks and othor Asiatio attractions that made Mid way Plaisauco the leading featuro of the great exposition. ? Even Lore, however, ho was a frost, and be was lost night of among tho many ? attractions of this wonderful place, tmd finally brought the directors of tho Fair down ou him. Thoy domanded that ho bo removed from the Fair grounds, claiming that tho Fair wan an industrial affair, and that tho exhibition of pugilistic science as given by Corbett at fifty cents a head could not be properly classified under that head. . , .. . ' . On July 10 tho Smith-Griffin fight took place in tho Coney Island Club. In order to keep truce of Corbott, I will defer mention of tbo fight till lator on. ? . .:. . ?? CORDETT CHALLENGES JACKSON. Corbott was a special guest of the club on tho occasion, a'ud had evidently laid his plans under the guidance of a cunning manager, to create a littlo boom in lfis favor at the ox ponso of Fotor Jackson, who is still in Lou Accordingly, before the regular event of the evening occurred, ho entered the ring and spobe as follows : — ' Gentlemen, — I have a fow remarks to make, which I think will provo serious to somo of thn heavy-weights. Thoro is a pugilist by tho name of Jackson travolliug from ono end of the country to the other Baying that I am afraid to moot him. I have iu mv hand a cheque for 10,000dol of my own money. I put it in Mr. O'Malley's bauds to moot Jacksou at any time. I speak for lay self. Mr. Jacksou has a manager to upoak for him. Now lot him speak.' Of course such an unforeseon stop by.Corbei t created a groat deal of enthusiasm, and tbo cheoring was loud and prolonged, during which Parson Davios, who was among the audience, promptly entered the ring. He was mad,r as iiisfaco denoted, and shaking his finger at Corbott, he exclaimed, . ? 'James J. Corbett will say that ha mast fight Mitcholl first.' ? ? ''. ; ' No I won't,' replied tho boxor. ' Namo your timo and I'll agree.' 'November, thon,' shoutod Davis, and the houso resounded with cheors. A livoly argnmont , followod, in whloh BOTH MEN POSTED A FORFEIT, . ..;. and the crowd settled fast in thoir seats, con fidently bolioving that the Columbian Club had finally got tho biggost match on record, aud awaitod the coming of Smith and Griffin. MITCHELL TAKES A. HAND. A few days after, liowovor, a letter was ro ceived from Charley Mitoholl by tho New York World which causod auotbor chaugo iu tho situation. '/ ? .?.'.??' Davios, as' will bo understood, uimod No vember, so as to prevent Corbott backing out undor tho pretenoo that be must fight Mitchell first. . ? . ? .-?:? : Tho lattor's- letter as published was as follows!— London, July 7. (lomr. Bunon or tub ' woiaii.') . . Sir,— I luivo read iu the columns of thu Would re. centlv a vast amount of Kush from Juntos Corbett. Now I travolled IXXXI miles to nmlio a match with him, and we each have SOOOdol posted to bind it. We both agreed that the fight should biko phico in December, as ho would uot light sooner, nlcliough lie had previously stated Unit he was willing to ortftlos thauiiavu seeu worothoio' of NowOrleans, whore Chnrlea Nool, proHldeut of the Crescent City Club, askod me to put my name to his club's articlos. Ho »atd the Uroacent City Cluli would rive as bl? a puruo as any ortcunisatiou, and I signed Uiom provialoually s tbat is to say, if Corbett would not agree to them tbat thoy would uot bo binding upon inc. Now, us regurds his Oghtlni; l'eter Jucl nou iu November, be cau do so as he pleaBes, but if he should Buffer defeat I certainly will have no use for him. I slmll be in America early iu Soptomber. IwilUien tbo articles tbmi, or, if it will be more satisfactory, I am perfectly williMir to Bl^u thorn hern if they are forwanlod to mo. Up to the prenent time I Imd thought that Corbott meant bluluuas and was a fair and Birunro man iu all his dealings. :;uw, bowevur, I feel curtain that he dc«lr--H to nvold lneotlnif me! Tho Columbaiu Athletic Olub, ur uuy other athletic club in America whore tbo authorities will uot interfero with tbo umteli. will nut mo. I Irast I will hear no inoro of Corbctt's babblluK until I reach .ChienKO, where it will be much easier to ann\vor in persou or othorwise. (Sifiied) CujLl-.Lr.a Mitcuixl. This lottor arousod Corbett's ire, and ho promptly signed with Mitcholl to fight in tho Conoy Island Clnb in December as previously agroed, and iillonml tho Englishman until August to oign articles. In tho inuantimo his sgreomout with Davios was motlifiod so as to bring - JACKSON AND imiSKI.l TOOKTUEB NEXT JUNE, and that U tho way tho mattor now stands. Thuro is, however, much speculation among Eantorn u ports as to whuthor Mitcholl will insist on fighting in Now Orleans, an ho ut first promised, or will tako uhauoos in gotting fair play boforo tho Conoy Island Club. It is gouorally concodod that Corbel I nover anticipated «uoh a prompt reply to his dial longo from Jackson's manager, and whou Davios called him down his oulr wuy out of his trouble was to ugroo to any tunas that Davios might nugguat. The latent from Mitcholl is that ho will not ho in thi* country until Soptomber, a month lator than allowod by Corbett to tign »rtiole», r ?.-...(i.A.-- '.- -.i. K. ?/?..«. v- w.i. , but a month will not raako much dlffcronco if the mou aro really uinuoro. Juckaon loft Jrt-|tilon oni tliui. |8lh for Now York, presumably ten consult*with Parson Davios relative to tho match for next year. Thu fight butwoon SMITH AND OltU'Flif was tho most important ilstio ovent of tho month. Solly Smith, as you probably know, is California's put foather-woight, upon whom many have been uouutiug to aoino day 1111 tba Championship bolt. Strong us a young ball, aud comparatively poHuudtied of us much braius, ho somohow luauugca to kuup himself going. Ho can't box us Hell as a kangaroo, but rushes ut his ma a aud iu ouu blow wins tho fight. Billy Niiughton can beat dosoribe bim to you, for bu has aueu him iu all his fights here. Smith, ovory timo ho is viotorioaa, is crodited with Laving won his buttle by a chance blow, and bo is immediately out and dried for u. Watorloo thu noxt timo ho fights. His recent victory ovor Van .Hoost un doubtedly was won uuder vory disgraceful oiruuuitstuuoi'H, Hu lost bis head and fouled repeatedly and most deliberately, and was roundly roasted up to tho timo his manager took him East to gut u match with Dixoii. Failing in this, Smith was matched with Griflln. Ho lttiti boon aiok for quite a whilo, and it was found that hu might not bu iu con dition. His opponent, on tho'coutrary, wasiupor fect form, and uudor tho euro of Light-weight Jimmy Carroll, ho was brought to tho riug sido looking fit to fight his father. Carroll had tipped his man to win to a number of S.I'', sports, who at the last wero a bit shaky about hotting on him. . To a fair-minded judgo tho roifult of tho battlo in four rounds should havo 'buon oasily predicted. Clriffiu is tailor, and longor.iu tho roach than his opponent, but ho in slow aud clumsy, aud just such a sort of man tbat Smith could bost tuuklo with his ono-urm swinging methods. Thoro was a notablo gathering about tho ring when tho mou outorod at 1U.55. Dan Cruodou assisted Jimmy Carroll and Bill Crowloy in handling Orifliu, aud Joe Choynski, Sam Fitzpatrlck, uud So ward Smith (Solly's brother) seconded tho latter. Smith began oporatiqus with his usual rushing tactics, aud, failing to laud his swing ing right in a rush, planted his loft ou Urillin'i) seek, reminding tho lattor that ho was thero to fight. Tho assault made Qrifiiu careful, aud ho kopt out of rango for thu balance of tho round, whilo his buckors shifted uneasily in thoir Beats. Iu tho second round Smith renewed tho load aud was soou pounding bis opponent on tho nook and head, whilo Griffin was trying to roply with Btraight right-counters that wero of littlo avail. In the third round Smith was under full steam, and invited several rallies, in which ho got the bettor of tho fighting, and boon had thoso who had boon backing Grifliu as a favorite, hedging with Smith on tho long end at 2 to 1. Tho fighting was fast aud furious on Smith's part, Grifliu boing too much surprisod to respond, and was soou staggering around tho riug badly dazed and winded. All thought Smith hud things his own way, and was eon coded the fight beforo ho wont to his corner. . Iu the fourth and last round Grillin camo up badly rattled, aud had to clinch to proteot himself. Smith landed his right soveral liinos, but was suddenly surprised by a stiff blow from Griffin, which mado him pause in his attack, but it was Griffin's last effort, and a second lator Smith was ou him like au en raged lion. A hard right-hand blow from Smith's right settled tho business so far as Griffin was concerned, nnd ton seconds later Smith waa boiug carried from the ring a win ner. Smith's backer a fow days lator issued a challenge to tho world, and the Columbian Club promptly MATCnED HIM WITH GEOaOE DIXON for a purse of SOOOdol, which, with tho lO.OOOdol side wager, will make tho handsome sum of lS.OOOdol for tho winner. In this event the American sports will have a good one. Although Smith is already looked on as a losor, ho will givo the cotorod man a hard fight, and short us it will probably bo, it will bo a lively one. Tho dato has not ytt boon sot, but Soptembor has boon mentioned as most acceptable to tho two contestants. As soon as the mutch wag cliuchod, the clnb siguod Johnny Grillin and Georgo Johnson for a 5000Jol battlo iu Octobor, by whioh timo tho mou will havo deposited 2000dol for a aido bet. ORIFFO OETS A FIQHT. The match botweon Dixou and Smith knocked youug Griffo's pleauant anticipation!! in the head. The Australian champion had gonu purposely to Chicago to try to get a match with Dixou, aud failing, ho waited to chitllongo the winnor of tho Smith-Griffin light. Beforo, however, he could get a word iu, the club pitted Smith aud Dixou togother on paper, aud thon as a sort of consolation to GriiEu, it matchod him again. But Griffo's friends were dotormlnod to got him Borne kind of a match, and a fow days lator thoy accepted a proposition to fight Johuny Van Heest, ono of the toughest feather weights in America. 'Just as GrifTo was. congratulating himself on the chance of displaying his powers to the American public, it was diauovorod that Van Hoost could uot raiso tho 2500dol bet neces sary to make thu match interesting, aud it bad to bo declared off, Whilo tho club was looking around for another unui, George Laviguo appeared ou the scene, and volunteered to meet your champion on August 28. Tho Sagiuaw Kid, as Griifo's coming opponent in bost known in the fight ing world, is a willing littlo figbtor, a trifle slow, howover, but possessod of considerable staying qualities, which have served him in numerous past encounters. ??' Tho battle will be productive of plenty of hotting, for Laviguo has a lot of admirers in thu Lake States, who generally put all they have got on him when hu puts up his hands for & purso. ,''?'' In signing Dixon and Smith, tho Columbian Club is oroditod with quitu a victory biror its rival iu Now York, for tho Conuy.Island Club alroady had- Dixou siguod for a fight with Eddio l'iorco next month, but it is now. very probublo that this inatoh will havo to bo doolarud off. [Dixon defeated Fiorco in tbo third round.— Ed/] CORHETT INSULTB QEIFFO. ; : Eoferonco to Griffo reminds mo of an 'incident that occurred to him during thu first daya of his visit to Chicago, and hasainco beon the talk of spotting circles. American sports had heard a great deal about the littlo follow, aud wero naturally interested to seo tho hero of so many hard fought battles. : He was theroforo accorded a hearty recep tiou whou ho landed iu Chicago, and it was also arrangod that ho should bo prououtod to Corbott, tbo disputod Champiou of tho 'World, as Australia's representative fighter in tho feather-weight class. Such had always beon tho custom whon foreign fighters visited cities in which John L. Sullivan was stuyini;, and in every caso oicept that of Peter Jackson (whore tho color qnt'Btiou ilroso) Sullivan alwuys was glad to hco his visitors. ? Corbutt, howovor, appears to bavo adoptod. anothor lino of tactics. AVhou Grilfo aud his ttnvly-iuade acquaintances visited his hotel, and tho littlo fellow sent up his card, the roply camo back that Mr. Corbott could uot see him ; aud it was a cold uud clammy roply too. ' Had tho President of tho Unitod States issued a proclamation to havo Griffo shot ut HUuriso . it would not havo causod a groator fluttorof thu youug Australian's blood than did this announcement. What did ho doP Why what could ho do but ?imply follow bin frionds out of tho hotol iu Boaroh of a more congenial atmosphere. Corbott'u aotion prompted newspaper criti cism severe unough to mako thu barbur'B oil oozo out of his pompadoured hoad. In explanation to tho Press challenges hu mid that ho did not want to liavu anything to do with pugilists, that hu had thu right to oxur cisu thu ' rjUVII.KUK Of EVCItV GENTLEMAN' iu pickiug his friends, and had douo so in (JriuVn caso. But Griffo is gutting along nicoly without Corbott'» ncqiMlulunco, and will probably ho ublo to paddlo along uudor tho kindly patronugo of inuumorablo American ad Tho pugilistic ovont second in importanco in tbl* country to thu Smith-Griffin fight, but wlitolf miiy bq'mbro intetostihrf to tho Anntra Hah sport in that 'his 'own comilrymou Wero concerned in them, wbrotlie fights botwoon lruan nafiek and uodbt burns, nud VAL FLOOD. AND l'ETEIi MAUEIt. In onu tho Australian wou, in tho othor he lost. Flood and Muhcr performed tho pre liminary work at tho Columbian Olub'snoooud tournuy ou tho evening of Juue M, in wbloh Napier and Burns woro thu stars. That Flood might havo done hotter bad ho mot u man nearer his owu weight uud ni/.u thoro is no doubt, but against thu ' Irish C'lijunpion,' as Mahnr still calls himself, hu mado a vory poor showing. The purso won 1200dol, of whloh 200dol went to thu loaor. In tho first round, utter a fow seconds of cautious Hparring, Mailer rushed upon his opponent and kuockod him down with it hard punch on thu head that dazed tho Australian, and bo camo up looking buwildored, ouly to bu iinmotliatuly floored again. For a third time tho doso was rupeatod, nnd tho vogetariuu wont to his coruor blooding freely. All thu fight appoarnd to havo beon knockud out of Flood, for 111 tho kcl-oiuI round huscrved only us :i uhoiiping-blonk for Muhor, who hammered him' nnmurcifully ou thu facu. Toward tho end of thu round Flood rallied aoiuowhat, and repliod to Mahor'H hammoring bv a stiff blow iu thu faco and another iu tho stomach of hia opponont. Thu blows, how ovor, had littlo effeut, further than to mako Maker more vicious, and thu gong was all that savod Flood from being finished. ? Mahor camo up for thu fourth round with confiduiico mid determination depicted on his awoating countenance and without giving his opponont a chanoo to square himsolf ou bis logs, ho swooped down upon him. Ho rushed him to tile ropes, whero ho pounded him oil thu face aud head, and finally knocked him down. ; Flood was dono for, and tho seconds woro Blowly counted ovor him. It was ovor fivo minutes before Flood re gained his sonsus, and oven then ho niskod half-wittodly who had won. Tho'fight botwoon Napier and Burns proved a corkor. Although tho Australian towered ovor his opponent, aud apparently had the bottor of tho battlo from tho start, it was a hard and stubborn contest, for Burns was gamo to the coro, and iu the in-fighting that characterised it throughout ho made u deter mined stand. In tho first round thero was some vory fast and furious fighting, Napior Urat lauding on his opponent's stomach, and then coaxing him into closo quartors, where ho giwo him a torriblo drubbing1, smashing tho Providence mau in the faco and drawing tho blood from his month and nose liko water from a satn ratod spongo. Burns fought back liko a littlo demon, find tho rapidity in which thoy per formed kopt tho crowd howling with oicite inont. In tbo second round Napier ngain worked his loft on Burns' mouth, and kept it blooding continually. Exchanges were Humorous, and both went to their corners fatigued from their hard work. In tho third round Napier was a bit careful, but confident, nud tried hard for his oppo nuut'H jaw, but got a swinging blow on tho nook that etaggurud him. Ho, however, pullod hinibulf togother, aud sailed iuto Burns, who was forcod to the ropes, and was reooiving the worst of thu is-fighting when the gong sounded corners. Hurricane fighting was tho order of the fourth round. Napier was aggrossive, aud cut a terrible paco. Burus, howover, had the steam, aud camo bank after ovory rally for moro punishment, whioh set the crowd wild. Ho landed several times heavily on Napior's nock and body, and ono time had the Austra lian a bit groggy, but was slow in following up his apparent advantage, and allowed Napier to recovor sufficiently to ongage iu a rally that displayed somo vory livoly work. The Australian had an abundance of vitality, and before tho round ended hu was again Bmotbbr ing bis opponent with his left while playing havoc with his bellows with his right. Burns was groggy whon ho went to his corner, and he did not bavo time to rocovor for tho fifth round. Napier again went at him, and was Boon punching Burus all over the riug, whon timo again savod him. He was blcodiui,' liko a sluok pig, and his faco looked liku an over-gorged sausage In tho sixth round Burns mado an effort to oven up matters by landing several tiulOB on Napier, but tho Australian only paused in his onslaught for a motnont, and then continued tho in-fighting with a decided effect in his favor. Burns might as well have given up the fight, but ho was too Stubborn to cry quits, and held his ground as long as hu could. In tho 8O7onth round he presented a dis abled appcaranco, and could only defend bim solf by clinching, nnd whilo embracing bis elongatod opponent tho latter suddenly broko away and smashod him hard on the mouth. Crios of foul rang through tho houso, but tho rofereo ordurod tho mou to proceod, and a socond lator Napier ropcatcd thu dose, to tho disgust of tho Burns fuotion, who woro hard losors. Burns was knocked down, aud would havo boen conuted out but for the gong. Tho eighth round saw tho last of Burns' pluoky struggle. He was woak and groggy, and ono smash doubled him up, and a swiug on tho jaw finished thu fight. Napier has sinco buen resting on bis oars awaiting a good offer for a month here. Ho has a lot of admirers, and will probably havo very littlo trouble in getting a match. BILLY MABER BEATEN. A briof tolegram was roooivod hero on Juno 29 that Billy Mabor had boon dofeated there iu twonty rounds by Dick Mooro, 11 St. Paul slugger, and according to the telegram tho gongBavod Maber tovoral times during tho fight. I havo boon unablo to obtain full details of tho fight, but I am certain that Mabor must havo either beon drunk or ongagod iu a fake to permit such a rank dub us Moore to do him, up in suoh sliortordor. Tho opinion among Mabur'B frionds hero is that thu tele gram was colorod up by uoino ardunt admirer of the St; Paul mau. ' JOE Sl'ADLIKFE CHALLENGES aODDABD. It will probably ploano Joo Goddard to learn that although ho has doparted ff om this soil, ho is uot forgotten, at luast by two of his American acquaintances, 0110 of thorn Barney Farley, and the othor Jou M'Auliffo. ? As I stated iu a reoont lettor, M'Auliffo is anxious to return to tho ring. His success as a tavorn keopor was of short duration. Ho yoarned for the mittens, but could find no ono willing enough to pnsh him to tho front until he -encountered his former friond, Farley, with whom ho had not boon ou vory friondly torma sinco tho old man sat iu tho gallery of tho Pacific Club on-thai memorable night and witnos8od tho Barriur Boy ruBhing through ibo big Mission tanner. Farloy is a aoft-hoarted creaturo, who was oasily persuaded by his ' big Joo,' and they have 'bocomo reconciled, and M'Auliffo is again ill bin uhargu, as tho following lottor, roceivod by me from Barnoy for publication in tho Kefuuek, accompanied by a cigar, will explain:— ' San Francisco, July 3, 1693. 'Sir,— Do liotconsldcr it egotUtical when I state tbat tho various pugillsMo encounters that I wit uesiod in the prizu ring, tho larito numbor of flghtors tlmt I havo traiuod for tho arena, and my lung association with Boutlerueu who have followed this cillliijr as a profesutou, render mo a fuir.JuJKe of tho qualities that am ouuuttal for a succcsbfnl prize-fighter. lly tbe aid of my experience, judgment, and dally observation whilst at my trnlnliif quartern, I am certain tbat thu liglitttiir quiilitlen --f Jew Uoddard are kuonru to me as well, if uot better, than tb«y are to their pomfusnor. After a faithful trulniuir, tbo big Australian would bo a worthy autagouiat for moat of our boasted buavy.tveii;htii, but It is my xhicerts uud candid opinion that our California boy, Joo M-Aulllfo, puMLMes more rsquisitoi us a yuiHIUt, and is anxious to uicut him aifiiiu iu a teat to a fliilnh, coufliluut of rcjuiului; bin lost Uiuruli. ' I da not wiah to hmiuuato that Joo Qoddard passod through tills city vory alK'Utly »u bin wuy to Auitrulla for the purpose of uot Lttr.ctinjr the friondH of Al'Auliire, whom ho was niriir.. who dosiruusof making arraii|toin«litii fur a iimtch, but hiu frionJ. can easily »ci|uaiut him of the fact thnt. Joe JrAulilfo viiil Ilk-lit him for u aultublo purwi, next October to bo Hot in the latest ditto for tbe oiicountcr; furthornioro, if Uoddard is not willing tn uccont, tbe proposal U open to any heary.wuiL'bt of the world. '1 do not wiah you to think that this in a huty cballoiiKe, butlt lmnbuou Kiven uf car due thought and duliberulicu, uml I aball try to explain why 1 have reufou to muan T/hut I have ittatetl. 'I am happy to aay that the confidence tbat I al ways ropoiiud In Joe M'Aulirf-/ii worth in a lighter In now only t'liunl to the trout, fulth whioh b-i iwain rei.oi.on in inn, whom he U fully uwnrn con-non. tiouBlynnilfultlifully trained him for the hukiu. ful MUib.a 1 in thu bi-KlmiiiiKof hlH pugilutic carour. JIci li:i:inoiv rrnolvod to pluco liiunolf couipl'-l.ily work faithfully I U accordance with my luatruetiou, whloh aanurea mo, tut tlio muiililiic-B iutbiihi'KTeui, that thot-e dormmit |iUKilistio quaiitica thnt I know hopoaaenaeBwillbeurouaed Into action, uud that biifrUada, who am legion, wiU be K.-atiaodto lt.iru and nee thnt tho grant hope in which they formerly InduU'od, in regard to hla north nua flichtor, will be vorlflcd. ?!???? Uaii.iet Faiilet. Poor M'Auliffo, It is fortunate that lio hn.B again found a friond In Farley. Tho lattor's remarks I regard an sincere, for I really boliovo tho only thing that would make him regard thu Mission boy'8 ability as any whero bolow thu point indicated abovo would bu a contradiction to that offcot written in a bold band ou thu faco of a summer moon. Hpuukiug nt M'Auliffo brings my mind back to my own city, whore boxing has been u doad iusuu for almost a year, Thu boom, howover, IS COMING TIUS WAV AOAIN, and I would not bo surprised to aeo a club started huro any moment. Thcru has been a plan on foot for sovoral months to organUo a club similar to our Olympic Club, uud get it wull supplied with good momhors and plenty of funds boforo starting tho hall rolling. It is a ficlieino of tho better class of sports, who will mako thu olub as eiclusivo us possible, liko tho California Club did during its palmy day*. When iU doors arts opened you will hear of somo good sport, and thu willing Australian cracker-jacks will not bavo far to look for u job. I warrant you if -tho S.F. Club ovor gels going tho majority of pugiliiiU now hovering about tho Columbian Club will point thoir noses westward and come hither as fast us ovorland trainj will carry tlium. But should sovoral Rmall clubs nttempt to opon thoir doors, Chiof Crowloy is at liberty to Bwoop_ down ou tho wholo outfit and politely inform thu sports that tho sporting programme is off. Sinoo tho (loath of Millor in Iho ring S.F has undergone quite a reformation. Boodling supauviBors lmvu been routed, tho dives have been closed, a roligious boycott has beon justly established ou privato entrances to saloons, and other measures huvo been adopted to quiot tho onco sporty city, no that it is vory likoly that a too uluboi-atd dis play of pugilism will booh moot its fato. It is vory probable that if a now first-class club is opened, inflnonco will bo brought to bear to havo somo ordinauco passed by tho city fathers to prevent mushroom clubs from springing into existence Possibly a heavy liuonsb will bo imposed, sothatBiimll concerns cannot open. At nny rato, thu pronpocta for ono club aro bright, nud I hope soon to an nounco its opening. YOUNO MITCHELL, who has boon quite dormant, pugilistically, for a couplo of years, has voluntuerod his services lor tho opening of a now clnb, and local sports have boen pioturing in thoir minds the exciting encounter ho and Dan Creedon would mako. Dan oortainly is will ing, and two moro equally-matched men could not be found. Mitchell recently issued a challenge TO FIGHT ANY 1541b MAN in the country, barring Fitzsimmous, and pro forring Tod Pritohard, with Dun Croedon a second choico. Tho Coney Island Club at ouco responded with a toli-gram offering him a matoh with Billy M'Curthy, in tho absence 'of Pritchard, and tho offer was accepted by Mitchell, but nothing has since beon heard of the match. Possibly the Conoy Islanders havo recon sidorud their proposition, and havo concluded that M'Cavthy was not quite the right man for the Californian. It is now reported that the Columbian Club, which seems to have a string on Creedon, is bidding for Mitchell. It has CREEDON MATCHED WITH ALEX GREGGAINS, and in the event of his winning it would no doubt hold him for another match. Creedon has written several encouraging letters here concerning his preparations for his meeting with Greggains, and is very confident of win- ning. The local sports will back him, and if nothing interferes you can put Greggains down as a loser, unless the best judges of a pugilist we have here are away off in their surmises. 1'ho Conoy Island Club is very anxious to get a gooa~niutch in placo of THE SMITH-DEJIPSEY AF?AIB, which was to havo taken placo this month, bat has siuco been doclarud off. Tho mon, it appears, bavo beon dilly dallying ovor this match, and have not been within sight of tho club managors for several mouths, consequently the lattor had no as surauco whuthur they woro iu good condition or not. It is probably woll that tho event did not take placo, for Dempsoy is getting old aud Btalo, and would bavo had a hard job defeat ing his younger opponent. Whilo chronicling tho success of the Columbian Club aud tho possibility of a ro vival of the sport hero, it becomes my sad duty, as tbo preachor Bays, to announce the DEATH OP THE CEESCENT CITY CLUB of Now Orleans. It will bo rornombored that this club fol lowed in tho wake of tho -Metropolitan Club as a rival of thu Olympic Club, and fora whilo its futuro was promising. In its efTorts to outshine its contemporary, howovor, it out paced its financial limit in the Fitzsimmons Hall fight, and has ainco boen drifting toward tho rocks. I have alroady roforred to tho trouble it had iu settling with Flfzsimmons in a recent lottor, and I was right, for it has sinco boen learned that Fitzsimmons did uot got over 20,000dol altogothur, aud since then it lias failed to moot many of its obligations. A plan is now on foot to turn its 15,000dol olub house ovor to tho Order of Elks, of Now Orleans. Its indebtedness amounts to ovor SOOOdol, and it is said that President Noel is responsible for tho greater portion of this, and if the latest scheme with tho Elks is not car ried out, Noel will bo in a hole. TOM TBACEY MEETS 2IOKIU3. There is another good man whom the Aus tralians will no doubt be interested to learn has boon matched. Tom Traoey, who receutly loft Trisco with Joo Harris, has Digued articles in Chicago to fight Frod Morris, an unfortunato protogi of Billy Madden, for 5000dol aside, and the. largest purso they can got. From what littlo I know about Morris, I can't seo whero hu has tho slightest chanco of defeating Tracoy, and I can't understand why Madden ovor consented to auch a match, and especially wboro ho has such a man as Georgo Dawsou with him to advisu him of tho dangerous follow Tracoy is. Tho man who Traooy should have boon matohod with is Billy Smith. The two could havo got a big purso, aud would havo made a ruttliug good fight. Tho clubs aro still trying to DKAO BOD FITZSIMMON8 INTO A MATCH ' with Joo Choynski, and tbo Columbian Club has bid 17,000dol for tho event, but Fitz. re fuses to budgo from his recent statdmont that ho will not again fight out of his class, unless it bo to moot Corbott or some othor champion. Bob has anuouncod sevoral times latoly hia intention of going to England, and, in fact, the Now York papors bad him on hia. way thither rocontly, but ho is still in tho East talking himself hoarso on what he could do with Corbett. CAHIIOLL AND M'aULIKFK. Another match talkod of by Iho Columbian Club is botwoun Jimmi^Carroll and hia forinor opponent, Jack JI'AtftCfe. It is a fuuuy affair. Carroll only a fow months ago was publicly dunouueing Domiuiolc O'Malloy, tho manager of the Columbian Club, all ovor tho country as tho c.iuso of his trouble with Fitz simmuns, nud ho oven went so fur as to go from Han Francisco to New Orleans to have Domi nick arrested ou a chargu of haviug openud somo of his letters. Kocontly Carrol bobbed up in Chicago with Johnny Griffin, and suddenly boitun to talk iu ? [lowing terms of tho club. Suddenly tbo ong-standiug grudgo botwoon himself and O'Malley waa wipod out, und thu latter gavo Griffin a match with Smith. Thon Carroll issued a challcngo for hinmolf, and tho club offorod him lS.OOOdol to fight Jack M'Auliffe, uud both pugilists acceptod. My candid opinion is that O'Malloy simply mado tho mulch to ueo Carroll got lickud. for thu lattor in too old to go up agniuat M'Auliffu, nnd hu ought to realise tbat faot. However, I don't bolinvo that tho ovont will ever ouour, for M'Auliffit is always acooptiug Hiich offqrH ami thon forgetting all aboutthom, und furthermore, ho has only within tho lust fen davs nigncd articles to fight Jem Carnov, of Ei.giaud. JOHN I.. AND TUB M'mAHO.VS. Tho name of John I,. Sullivan sUlkod forth like a ghost in our city a »eok ugo, tvhuu a unit, tlis outc.me of sis tecuut frosty ox perienco in the colonies, w»a decided against him by a Suporior Court judgo. Tlio Rwehee renders will recall tho stranded condition Sullivan nnd IiIb company of alleged actors got into whilo in Australia, and how, in order to got out of the country, bad borrowed .£300 from M'Mahon Brothors. A condition of tho loan was that an soon as Sullivan . completed his ongagomout nt tlio Bush-street Thoatro on hia return hero, ho was to forward thu amount of tho loan to tho M'Miihons. Instead of doing so, however, Sullivan spent the proceeds of bis show (uud they weru vory Binall, too) in drink, an:l forgot all about his Australian creditors, nntil thoy reminded him of his obligation by filing a »uit against him in this city to get judgment on hiu noto given to thnin properly uudorso'd by his manager, Juclc Burnett. Sullivan was represented by an attorney in court this wuok, but tho lattor's pleadings woro of no avail, and tho judgo awarded the CASE TO THE COMPLAINANTS. It now waits to bo noen liow M'Mahon Brothers aru going to collect the uionoy, for Sullivan in on thu ruggud odgu, and is not sotthug bills an promptly as he did wbon on thu top of tho heap. Sullivan says ho has no idea, of fighting again, and it is woll that ho has bo dooidod, for his stylo of lighting is away out of dato. Ho still maintains his racu prejudice, and will havo nothing to do with colorod mon. It has boen tho custom of tho Conoy Island Club to always send him complimentary tiokirtH to its exhibitions, und he has generally accepted tlio.ni. At a rocont exhibition to which ho had beon invitod, howovor, ho learned that Butler, ono of tho mon who was to fight, was a colorod mau, and ho refused to nttond. ld JIM r.uiioK has not yot crossed tho pond to Europe, as ho uxpectcd to, but is knocking nbout, or, I should say, boing knocked about, in tho EaBt. Tho last I heard of him ho was matched to fight a hoavy- woight named Xtad M'Konzio. of Philadelphia, but tho result of tho battle has not yet coino to hand. SAVAGE, ALIAS ' YANKEE,1' who rccontly killed a man in your country and thon camo to America, is now in ono of tho north-wusturn States challenging anyono whom ho coiuos across. Potor Mahor, since adding Val Flood's scalp to hia belt, has been laying arouud Chiuago trying to get a match with Joo Choynski. Whon tho Columbian Club, however, asked bim if ho would accept a purso of COOOdol, ho replied contomptuously that GOOOdol is only onough for feather-weights, and that only thrice that amount would suit him. Billy Murphy recontly fought a four-round bout with a man named Ed. Liatuian, in New ark, N.J., with tho usual result— a draw. Billy Keogh, tho heavy-weight pugilist, lately .becamo insane in a Chicago saloon, and 'was preparing to whip all of those presont when tho polico overpowered him, and he has siuco boon taken to an asylum. Tommy Eyan, who has twice backed out of a fight with Georgo Dawsou, is matched to fight Johnny Kcugau, tho windy welter weight, of Brooklyn, in whatever club that will offer the largest purse. Jilt RYAN', ono of tho latest arrivals from Australia, is trying to got a match with Sailor Brown, who never appears to bo too old to fight. OUR CHAMPION OAKSMAN. James Stanbury, tho arsman, during tho past month has made life misery for Jake Gaudaur, who he has boon badgering about tho East for a match. Ho is still after him, and says ho will inako Gaudaur row him or quit the business. A few months ago articles of agreement for a raco wero prepared and accepted by Stanbury, but Gaudaur would not sign thorn. Sinoe then Stanbury has beon after him, and hot. For a whilo the Canadian stood him by raising a controversy over tho question to whoro tho forfeits should bo pofltcd, but Stan bury soon got tired of Buch proceodings, uud commanded Gaudaur to put up bia money in ton days or shut np.. Lika an old woman, Gaudaur was deter mined to havo tho last word, and when hard pushed he told Staubury that he would only row on condition that tho race was three milos and a turn, a proposition that Stanbury refused to accept. Gaudaur does not appear anxioaB to mcot Staubury, but still they may yot come together, Tho Australian champion is now in Do'troit, from whero ho has written a lettor to Henry Peterson, in which ho has this to say of Jako Gaudaur : ' Jake is Btill doiug a lot of rowing iu the, papers, and persists in Baying who shall bo stakoholdor, what course to row over, and in naming overy condition under which tho proposed raco shall bo rowod. I think howevor, wo will corner Mai yet. and tlion ho will got all tho rowing ho wants. Wo are going to row Borne exhibitions for 1200dol purses,-dnd wo will then go to Chicago, whore they aro arranging a sories of races, and I would liko to see them.' There aro several othor matches talkod of still none of thorn havo yot como to a head. A few days ago Toemer issued a challenge to row any mnn in this country, barring Stan bury and Gaudaur, for SOOOdol a-sido. Tho ohallongo was promptly accepted by Honry Peterson, who is |now trying to iuduco Toomer to row in this city in Ootober. The distanco proposed by Toomer is 3 miles, which is just snitablo to Peterson. i'ho manngorB of tho California State Fair have been, trying fo bring nbout a match between Hanlan ahd Petorson ou tho Sacra mento Eiver, which empties into tho San Franciaco bay, for a lOOOdol stako, but so far they havo boen unablo to got a dclinito answer from Ifanlau, who is in Cauada, whoro lie and Gaudaur aro oxpected to raco on July 2G. Onco tho oaramon got to racing I think they will mako a long season of it, and thoy are likely to recoivo Borne good purses from the difforout big cities. CODIlSINa. Tho local, coursing men bavo boon anxionsly awaiting tho arrival hero of the IU Australian crack .dogs, whose owners rocontly promised to bring. thorn hither to competo iu tho Pacific Club's races, wbioh are being arranged especially for tbo visiting doga aud the best animals here. California boasts of a lot of fino dogs, and 'if tho Australian cracks como thoy will have to look to thoir laurels. A review of the situation hero during tho past fow weeks -givo- an encouraging outlook for sport in the futuro, and I think by the noxt stonmor you will havo somo very interesting riows from your various sporting representa tives in the United Statea. — W. L. Brown. 