JUDGING ONE ANOTHER. There was a party among the Jews — the Essenes — who were given to asceti cism. They led lives of the most rigorous denial. Some doubtless be came Christians, and carried into Christianity, the asceticism of their former lives. There were also, especi ally in heathen cities such as Rome and Corinth, converts who were troubled -with many scruples as to what they should eat and drink. They hpd had enough experience of idolatry, and any thing at all connected with their former heathenism was repugnant to them. They so much dreaded having anything to do with idolatry that some of them gave up the use of flesh and wine altogether, lest at any time they might eat and drink unknowingly, of the idol offerings and be defiled. There were also in the Church men whose faith so clearly discerned the spiritual character of Christianity, that it was not meat and drink, but righteous ness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost, that they had no scruples about such matters. So they ate and drank just what they liked, and if one of the weaker brethren was shocked at their conduct, they laughed and called him a poor ignorant, narrow-minded man. On the other hand, the good man who was shocked might do one of two things. He might become bitter and censorious, and regard the man of strong faith as a traitor to the Lord Jesus Chrjst ; or he might say, ' Well, if such a man as so-and-so eats this meat and drinks this wine, very likely it is all right, and I may as well put my scruples in my pocket and follow his example,' whilst all the time he was not sure whether it ' , was right or wrong for him . to eat and * drink. St. Paul first of all deals with the tendency in both classes to judge their brethren, and he warns them against - ' that error. FUTTJBE JUDGMENT. The future judgment is not the mam - theme of the lesson, but such of its ?. details as are suggested by this verse ? (12) may well be treated incidentally in ' the class. Note its universality, ' every one of us, — that is, all, none loft out. Note its individuality, 'every one'oi us.' All nations shall be gathered before the Judge, but no individual shall be lost in the crowd. As though there were no others before the throne, each person must render his own account. Note what will then and there be done, — the giving account of himself. The whole argument supposes that all the history of our lives shall then be passed under review. Note the judge. In this verse it is said we must render account to Gtod. In verse 10 : 1 ' We shall all stand before the judg ment seat of Christ.' St. Paul believed that Christ is Grod; Elsewhere in Scripture we are are taught that Christ shall bo the Judge. See John v. 22 ; Actsxvii. 31 ; 2 Cor. v. 10. The contemplation of the judgment day should have a twofold effect upon us. It should restrain us from judg ments-upon others. It is not our part to assume an office which belongs to God. It should also make us careful as to our own conduct. Let us live in the light of that great white throne. ' PEESENT CONDUCT. The lessons of the last section (13-23) have already been suggested. We may fix our attention upon one or two im portant truths. 'We learn that we may, without design and without knowing it, not only injure, but for ever destroy, . those who are now servants of Christ ; ? that we may do this by actions in them selves lawful, and even by claiming the rights which the G-ospel has given us. Paul's argument is a development, in view of the above solemn truths, of the great commandment quoted in chapter xiii. 9. The words ' according to love ' (ver. 15) point out the connection. If _ any act of ours is likely to injure our brother, we are bound, by that love which God requires and will bestow, and which is a fulfilment of the Law, to refrain from it. Paul strengthens this obligation by reminding us that Christ died for this weak brother; that men around are watching our conduct, and will judge us accordingly : that to sur render our right to do as we like by no means implies a surrender of our rights as citizens of the kingdom; and that our faith gives us such great inward advantages above the weak brother that we can afford to make this minor sacri 'fice for his good. For these reasons we are bound to consider in all we do, not merely whether our actions are right in themselves, but what will be their effect upon others. This great principle has a wide and various bearing upon the details of our every-day life.'' — Beet's Bomans, p. 359. 