CHINA INLAND MISSION. LETTER FROM Rev. JOHN SOUTHEY Pabt II. — (Concluded) But now, as I scarcely expect to write anotlier letter from Han-cliong, I will just try to describe the sanatorium, and then I will draw my already too long letter to a close. About twenty-, four miles from the, city, right away among pine and fir-covered mountains, there is a little cottage, "which was built by the Doctor, and which is used as a place of Test and change for tired and ailing workers. It is a most un pretentious little place, with plain mud walls ; and as there are only two small rooms besides a kitchen and a room for the servants, it will be readily seen that when a family go there they have to makeshift. But after two or three months on a Chinese boatone can adapt oneself to anything ; and in comparison with a boat, the little house at Pah- kioh-shan appears quite palatial. The journey up there takes about seven hours, as it is all up hill, the house lying some hundreds of ieet above the level of the city. The road winds in and out among the' mountains, and sometimes there are exquistely beauti ful pieces of rural scenery, and some times magnificent mountain views. At Pah-kioh-shan itself there is all that could be desired — beautiful fresh bracing air, an endless variety of flowers, ferns, mosses, and grasses, and some of the most beautifully-plumaged birds that I have ever seen. In its foilage it seems a strange combination of Queens land and England, with a good deal that is distinctively Chinese. It was such a pleasure to us after studying for a few hours — for we took our teacher with us— to go out among the beauti ful hills ; and what a joy it was to me to see my dear wife daily, gaining strength after her long illness, I. leave others to imagine. The Chinese — whether .it is the same with other heathen nations, I do not know- seem utterly unable to appreciate the beauties of Nature. Perhaps when travelling with a Chinese companion one comes across a most magnificent piece of scenery, and one just stands nn/I navao n'nlra if. in VinWilv flhle to speak for enjoyment ; but the com panion, alter puzzling his brains to find out the cause of the sudden stand still and silence, will probably most innocently ask, " "Whatever are you staring at ?" It is just the same with flowers, &c.; To us every piece of moss, or blade of grass, or fern, or flower is instinct with the wisdom and love and power of God ; but to them they are just nothing. - They cannot understand why we foreigners, whom they admit to he shrewd enough in some things, should spend hours in searching for what, to them, are mere useless pieces of grass. Until we are pretty well known they simply will not believe that we are only looking for these things; but the popular idea is that our eyes, being of a lighter colour than theirs, can see hidden treasures in the earth, and that onr picking the flowers is merely a blind under cover of which we are really robbing them of their hidden treasures. Incredible as it may appear, this idea has many a time nearly led to unpleasant results, and more than one foreigner who has gone fern-hunting in a place where the ways of foreigners were not understood has been pretty roundly abused, and has even narrowly escaped violence. Visit fbom a Thief. While we were at Pah-kioh-shan an expert thief— whether imbued with the above idea and desirous of equalising matters I leave others to judge — paid us a visit in the night, and succeeded in getting into the bedroom. As we had a gentleman guest with us, I was sleeping with him in a curtained-off portion of the sitting room, and Mrs. Southey; Miss Crouche, and the children were in the bedroom. Some time after midnight Mrs. Southey' was awakened by feeling the draught from the door, which had been opened. Then she noticed a smell asof burning paper, and finally became " conscious of the fact that there was, a man in " the /room, whereupon" she- gave 'the- alahfl';, 'and the thief, finding himself .discovered,' made off as Hast as .his legs'/would' 'cany him, ; leaving: fus tlie poorer by" several articlfisuiofriclolihingii a'bo6k;'iind: 'my watch, which was worth far more to me in China than its intrinsic value. Uen the Wealthy Heathen. But while there-was much; at Pah- kioh-shan to gladden, there was also much to sadden ; for the whole place is given over to idolatry. All the land in the neighbourhood is owned by a wealthy' man named Uen, generally known as Uen-lao-ie, who is a great idolater. About a hundred and.Jifty . yards from our cottage he has built _ a huge ancestral hall, whither he daily goes to worship his ancestors, and about four or five hundred yards away in another direction he lias built two large idol temples, at which also he is a frequent worshipper. His one idea in life is to acquire merit ; and in order to do this, among other things he con stantly employs one or two men- fo print moral tracts. He has every scrap of printed paper that he can find, care fully picked up and periodically burnt ; and he provides coffins for those who die friendless, or for those whose friends are too poor to buy them one. ' But big man shows how utterly- powerless these false religions are to influence the life even of a devotee ; for in spite of his religion, his own inner life is the same as ever. He is mean and grasping in his dealings with his fellow-men to the last degree. His servants, some of whom are little better than slaves— for. they have nothing for their hard labour but their food and clothes — toil, both men and women, in the fields from early morning till late at night". Miserably clad and apparently badly fed, their hopeless faces tell more loudly than words of their hard and wretched lives. If one of them were (sick even unto death; and .two hundred' cash (about eightpence) would restore him to health, Uen-lao-ie would almost as soon think of giving him his own eyes as of giving him the money ; but when the man is dead, he will beadily enough give a coffin, which would cost at least one thousand cash, for. him to be buried in. And a simple fact like this reveals what in reality underlies the whole' of the popnlar religion of China. Of one living, personal, holy God, who made them, and to whom they are responsible they know nothing ; if they do, how is it that even to-day, in spite of having' nrtn /if tV»o nlilnof. Hbrnfairoa in fho world to choose from, the missionaries are almost hopelessly divided among themselves as to what Chinese word ought to be used equivalent of : the English word " God ?" As it is, there are three different' words in use, neither of which without careful explanation conveys ' to a Chinaman the same idea as the English word " God" conveys to the most uneducated Englishman. If the trnth must be told, the religion of the masses of China has as its basis the fear of demons or evil spirits. The Basis of Ancestbal "Wobbhif. Even the worship of ancestors, which has perhaps the appearance of an ex aggerated form of filial piety; is, in reality, based far more on fear than on love; for, according to the Chinese belief, if the departed spirits are not honoured and adequately supplied with money, whioh is done by burning paper, they are apt to work all sorts of mis chief in theirneglectful posterity. And this, too, accounts for the willingness to bestow coffins on those who die friendless ; for the theory is that a man who is buried without a coffin is so dis graced in the eyes of the inhabitants of the spirit world that they will not re ceive him into their society, and so he wanders np and down on the face ofthe earth — a restless, unhappy, malignant spirit. Now, . a living man, however evil- disposed he may be, cannot work much barm ; but when he is dead, the whole aspect of things is changed, and he becomes a very potent power for evil. Hence a poor wretch may lie and die of disease and starvation without a living sonl to tend or feed him ; but . when he is dead, then at any rate he must be attended to. Only those who have passed some little time in China can tell how deeply the national lifo is saturated- with this idea, and how many of the national customs are based upon it. Many children have during their ohildhood; the most atrocious names given to them, "under the idea that, the spirits will he so alarmed at their names that they will be afraid to meddle with them. - The sameddea creeps odt in the; building' of 'tljeir:: toiriiSj offies' .and', villages. "-Very, ;very mrely'ii'there'a village to which the entrance is in a straight line. As a rnle, the entrance is in the shape of the letter S, and jif it is in a straight line there is sure .to be a large brickwork screen a few feet in front of it, so that travellers must"' turn, a corner before they can enter the street. And when the street is reached, it never goes-in-a straight .line to ths other.end of the village; but somewhere about- the middle of the street one is sure to have to turn sharply to - the right or left, and; then after, going a few. paces to turn. again/and so . pursue one's way.- The belief is, that spirits can Only Tbavel In a Stbaight Line. They - cannot turn corners or go round curves ; hence the brick screen, or the S-shaped entrance, is an efficient pro tection against evil-disposed marauders from the . spirit- world. One could al most laugh at the utter absurdity.of some. 'of- their devices were one riot inexpressibly saddened by the --awful degradation which goes hand in hand, with them. x b . - " National Cobbuftion. I have heard it glibly, stated'at home that Confucianism, andsBuddhism, and Taoism, are all that China needs, and that they do quite as much morally for Chiha as Christianity does for England. But let those who live ' among the Chinese speak. ' I do not know of any country .in the world of which it can be more truly said, " From the sole of the foot, even unto / the head , there is no _ soundness in it ': but wounds, and bruises and putrefying sores." The govern ment, from ..the" top: to the bottom, is corrupt. There is hardly a ya-inen in the land where the most gross and un blushing bribery does not pervert justice;, indeed, it may be said that of fair, even- handed justice theire is none. And when . this is the case with the officials, what can be expected from the people T Alas I on every hand there is nothing but lying, trickery and deceit ; and under cover of a somewhat rigorous etiquette,, which at first , sight has an appearnce of purity, there is the grossest impurity of life, .speech, and thought. I do not say that. . there are -not some eariiest- souled men who long for better things, and who are groping in the darkness for God. I believe and hope that there are. But I; dp say that the masses of- China are, from a moral standpoint, HamIasmiUw rtnwrlirif. (Hid T do S&7 tflftt yvAAUjie I - » . .. the religions of China are notr only powerless to .raise them, but actually help to rivet more firmly the devil's chains. . I write like this that friends-- at home may look at mission work from, the true standpoint. Too often,! fear, . at missionary meetingsthemain thought brought forward- is the misery ofthe heathen, and they are represented as eagerly desiring the Gospel. But, flow- ever true this may. he of some few places, it is scarcely true of China : ana I fear that any who come out simply, from feelings of pity, and who expect to- be welcomed by the heathen, will be , grievously disappointed, and after a iow months' actual contact with the Chinese,. this pity, if there is nothing else bemud it, will probably be changed into a loathing of them and their ways. The one all-sufficient reason why China- should be evangelised is, that it is the will of the Lord Jesus that it should, be- evangelised ; and those who come here shonld come because it is the Lord s will that; they: should come. Jesus- Christ did not give Himself to toe world. The "Would Did Not Want Him. - 1 It despised and rejected Him. He: gave Himself to God. And God was well pleased ; and. He was unto God a sweet smelling savour. But in giving- . Himself to God, He gave Himself for us r and through His gift Heaven will be- Alloa We, too, do not give ourselves . to the Chinese. They do not want us— they despise us. But we give ourselves . to God. He accepts us, and wo are to Him a sweet savour of Christ. And in thusgivingour soul to God, we give our selves for the Chinese; and it may be that, through, our gift, some ofthe wanderers will he gathered in. . .. . In closing, I will just add thatit is more than probable ;that before tips . . : letter can be in print we shall havelefu "Han-chong for some city in Si-chuen,- - where, if the Lord.will, we shall begin our, definite work, . We feel very deeply. . our need .of Holy Ghost-powers, both for ; . .our lives and pur wQrk ; and.beg our friends to, labour fervently in prayer for , 'us.: "As the above lette"i;will show, there, is nothing heroic in our lives — nothing in our trials and temptations to carry ns over them by their very intensity,. f;Oar lives, and trials, and temptations .;are all of the every-day order, which .can only be met by a constant abiding in Christ. Please then, pray for us. ; Pray that, if it be His will, we may be \- j kept in health and strength ; and pray ! that daily we may grow up unto Him in <all things. Warmly thanking all those friends, known or unknown, who do .'bear us up before the Throne. 