A SON'S INGRATITUDE. . That's so 1 That's so i Some children don't seein to have no gratitude for those who have brung thorn up," said the old man, as he laid aside the newspaper lie had been reading. We all looked at him, but no one spoke, and after a time he continued : " Hud a case right in uny own family, and I know how hard it is." " Some of your children go to the bad ? " I asked. " No, not exactly. You see I lived down in Texas, and ono day me an' a Comanche Injun went on a drunk together. We was pards, and I wouldn't hev hurt him fov a thousand dollars. IVe got into a row when drunk, and I hit him and broke his neck." " And that made trouble ?" " Heap of trouble. The whits folks didn't keer two cents about it, but the Comanche did. The chief said I'd got to be given up to them to bo killed, to even things up. According to their custom I could furnish a son in my place. I had a boy named Jim, about 20 years old, and he wasn't worth powder to blow him up. I called him up and said : ' Look yero, .7iin, you've gob bo bake my place, and I want to hear that you died game." "Dad, I'll seo you hung fust !" replied that filial son o' mine, and he went on to add that he'd ba dog-gonsd to nothin' nor nobody if he'd be roasted to let me or anybody else out of a sorape. Ho even said if 1 hadn't got drunk thar would have bin no accident, and advised me to prepare for the warm weather of the other world It is needless to tell you that aich baseness and ongiatitude shattered my vary soul. I never did forgive Jim, even when he cam to die." " Hut you weren't killed," I observed. " No. 1 got out of it by givin' 'em a hois and a keg of whiskey ; but the way .that that air Jim of mine bobbed up and showed his selfishness and disrespect broke me in two, and I lievn't never bin on my feet aim:-'.-' MORE ADVICE TO A NEWLY -MAKRIED MAN FROM ..N EXPERIENCED BENEDICT. Let your married life begin with syste matic frugality. Devote a specific proportion of your income to the future of your family. Yuur savings will in this way augment almost imperceptibly, and place you above asking favours. Live within your moans, mid nobody will know how much you havo ahead ; but the moment you borrow a cent, people know how poor you are. Go it while you are young. The duties of a house and family will came soon enough, Take it easy while you may in your early married life. Be patient, and wait ana watch and—pray. Just previous to the birth ef your first child, you will probably find your wife fretful, clous, peevish, pouty and trouble some, just as many good, kind, amiable, and loving woinou have been before her. If eucb should be the eoae, don't get mail, don't expostulate, don't rebuke or reprouoh her. The best tiling you can do is to grin and bear it. The first smile of the baby will stop it, and pay for all you have endured. Don't think yourself immaculate and eet yourself up as a pattern for your wife. If she wants to. go to ohuroh, and you don't, remember that it may not do you any harm to go to church. Don't scold your wife, and don't beat your children, if you have any. Teach your children by example ; be a 1 copy for them. Excuse them for such of your faults as thoy inherit, Dun't bequeath them a hasty temper, and then whip them for it. Don't gossip before them aud punish tbem for gossiping. Don't'prevent them from romping or hav ing minus of thoir own. Don't frighten thorn ' with ghost stories. Don't lie to them. Don't negleot to give them anything that you promise them— even puniehment. Don't forget that you wera a child once, and do us you would have bad others do to you. : 'Don't get crazy if you have a few buttons off your shirts. Remember all the time that you' are a poor, weak mortal, liable to err, and In all pro bability no Intro perfect thiin y-ihi wife. Ha the often, look after iver gohewf i'uukv / , 