A NOVEL FORM OF INSURANCE. THE SOCIAL DEMANDS INSURANCE COMPANY. The London Times of November 23rd contains an article describing a novel form of insurance the Social Demands Insurance Company. It says : " What is the least I can give without seeming shabby " is a question which many citizens have to ask themselves on the arrival of every post. A large percentage of our letters (we are not speak- ing of charities) are requests for money, for money to be spent on facilities with which we have no sympathy, but to which tradition compels us to subscribe. There seems to be a race of busybodies, for example, who exist for the purpose of getting up testimonials, and monuments, and memorials. They appear to consult the almanac daily and to ask themselves, " Whom can we tease the public into commemorating ?" Almost every day is the birthday, of the centenary, of the tercentenary of somebody. A hundred years have passed since Prodgers was born, er died, at published his immortal work. "Let us do something," cries the busybody, for the illustrious memory of Prodgers." He then consults the " Biographical Dictionary," and finds that Prodgers was born at Little Red lington, or died there, or was at school there. So he determines to make Little Pedlington a kind of Stratford-on-Avon ; he takes into his counsels seven other busybodies worse than himself, he makes a committee, he writes to the papers, he sends letters to all the conspicuous people whom he can think of, he asks for their names, and, worst of all, for their money. These things cannot be done without money, and Little Pedlington (which never heard of Prodgers before) an enthusiastic, but does not subscribe. A Prodgers drinking fountain is proposed by the temperance people ; the local bookseller is all for a Prodgers library (as if any one in Little Pedlington ever read a book !) ; a Prodgers museu_,containing Prodgers' relics, the walking stick of Prodgers, his old boots, his quill pens, letters to Prodgers, and similar objects, is a felt want.',' Every man of letters is asked to subscribe. There is a Prodgers fête many distinguished expressions of regret are received, the local clergy' perforate, and all those splendours have to be paid for. Then the problem arises, " How little can I give the Prodgers and his glory without seeming shabby ?" There are thousands of such demands. It is Professor M'Glaeban's silver wedding, of his golden wedding, or he is resigning his chair, and some noxious person decides that M'Glashan must have a testimonial, or that his venerable features must be immortalized on canvas or in marble. The natural and just thing would be for the enthusiast to put his hand in his own purse and defray the Uboessary and considerable expenses. But that is the last thing of which the enthusiast thinks ; he gives his useless time to committees and circulars, and a world of honest people, who never think of M'Glashan, are asked to subscribe. There is no help for them, subscribe they must, that M'Glashan may smirk in marble air frown in oils. If they hold their bands will they not be thought mean, envious, and unfriendly t Yet they have no enthusiasm in the cause. The world has wagged on without a statue of Prodgers or a portrait of M'Glashan, and might continue to do so. But they have to pay, and naturally wish to pay as little as possible, and with the smallest conceivable amount of trouble. In addition to those useless and superfluous demands, there is the constant tax of wedding presents. These usually take the form of the smallest and cheapest article in silver and ormolu, but there is the trouble of selecting them, and the expense of buying them at retail prices. To meet all these difficulties, and to lighten the needless burdens of life, the Social Demands Insurance Company has been formed. The society, on receipt of a subscription, graduated according to the income and needs of the members, will transact for them the whole business, on the cheapest possible scale. The society is not afraid of being called shabby; it has no corporate delicacy of feeling. Dating a large ready-money business, the society enjoys exceptional facilities for the purchase of silver engineers at a Considerable discount, and is thus prepared i greatly to reduce the assets expenditure on wedding presents. It has established a fixed ratio of contributions to testimonials of all descriptions. A large bankrupt stock of epergnes and decorative docks has been secured, and silver weddings can now be arranged for on satisfactory, yet economical terms. In the matter of portraits, the society has engaged a staff of Impressionists and sculptors' ghosts, who will work at low rates, yet produce articles which the society flatters itself, are calculated to give artistic satisfaction. Moreover a collection of painters misfits has been secured, on very reasonable terms. These are portraits rejected by the vanity of the Bitters, and it has been estimated that they can be converted late tolerable likenesses of almost any process ' sors; actors, schoolmasters, generals, musi- ' cians, landlords, of masters of hands, at an almost nominal expenditure. Thus commanding the market, and utilizing artistic refuse (that great principle of modern economy), the society is prepared to conciliate the most apparently antagonistic interests, and is equally ready to treat with the organisers of testimonials and with the unfortunate persons who are at present compelled to defray the expenses. The society, of course, makes no pretence of being a purely philanthropic affair, but has all the prestige of a paying concern. The dividends, as the society frankly announces, are earned partly on the life insurance principle. Inquiries are made into the character- and habits of each member, and his liability to calls for testimonials and memorials is estimated by an accomplished staff of actuaries and accountants. Special privileges are allotted to literary persons, who are peculiarly subject to these taxes and peculiarly conspicuous for lack of adequate means. The mutual principle is also taken into account, as any one of the members may conceivably become the object of a testimonial or a memorial himself. On the principle of lending libraries, epergnes, decorative decks, and similar expressions of esteem may go the round among the members, who will thus be relieved, at intervals, not only of those distressing objects, but of such wedding presents as are now reserved for the domestic chamber of horrors. These will be removed by the society at stated periods, without extra charge, the expenses being defrayed at a kind of clearing-house and by means of sale by auction. The system is admirable in its simplicity. Members (who have paid their subscription) merely Send in to the secretary their weekly pile of social begging letters, and have no further trouble with the matter. The secretary, who has been chosen for his immense experience and intimate knowledge of the human heart, will send the smallest possible subscriptions or a letter conveying an elegant and moving expression of regret, and of inability to contribute. For Dukes in advantageous circumstances the highest subscription to a testimonial will be £10 10s., while in no case will a person of letters be charged more than 6s. 8d. Owing to the society's system of transferable portraits, it is estimated that abundance of these memorials will always be on hand for any occasion. The society is prepared to purchase old portraits of the Victorian era, and busts ; but must firmly decline to deal in equestrian statues, for which the demand is slack, while a sufficient supply has been laid is to meet the demands for portraits of masters of hounds. The society is not without hopes that its procedure may end in entirely destroying the business in testimonials, memorials, drinking fountains, statues, and wedding presents. But this, of course, must be an affair of years, perhaps of centuries, and in the mean- time the society offers eligible opportunities to persons in almost every class of life. Artists rejected at the Royal Academy find here a market for their output. Almost any portrait of a gentleman, by aid of a gown and a gold chain, may be converted into a mayor, while the addition of a Liddell and Scott, and an expression of responsibility, will furnish a head master on economic principles. The society employs its own architects, builders, and decorators for memorial balls, fountains, and museums, and is' prepared to treat with the organizers of bazaars. Having secured a large supply of theological works, the society can furnish presentation libraries to towns on the lowest terms consistent with efficiency. Candidates for Parliament will be dealt with on specially favourable terms. 