The Great Grill-Street Co0npiracy. [BY Smn GILBERT CAMPBELL, BarT.] (Published by Special Arrangoment with MIessrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) OHAPIER XII.-(.Continuoed). 'Stop !' cried Lipthwaito, and the young man obeyed him with the prompt precision of a soldier on parade. ' You are tired ?' asked Lipthwaite, in a kinder tone of voice than he generally made use of it. 'Yes, so tired,' returned David woearily. 'Let you fatigue pass away; I will it,' said the. adept; ' there, you :are Sbetter now.' 'Oh yes, thank you, I foe?l uite well and fresh again,' ,ansvwered the young man, cheerfully. The colour had returned to his cheek, the heated and wearied look had vanished from his cheek, his step-was finrm and active, and his manner full of energy -and confidence in himself. 'That is *better,' remarked Lip thwaite, approvingly. ' It is best for a man to go on such an errand as \- yours with a good heart. And now, tell me where are you going ? ' 'To Marsh2gate-street,' answered David. * And with what object ? ' 'To call on Farrel, O'Donovan,' was the prompt reply. 'And what are you going to say to him ? ' ' I don't know yet,' returned David, with a rather puzzled expression of face. 'But you will know when you get there ?' 'Yes, yes, I shall know then,' re Splied David, a smile of self-confidence passing over his features. 'That is well, then you can go,' returned the adept, as he threw him self into his arm-chair, and David left the room.apparently full of health and vigour. 'I am on the edge of the crater of a volcano,' thought Lipthwaite, Sas the slain of the front door told him that hisemissary had left the house. 'Owing to the meeting, or rather the anticipiated meeting of that cursed Yankee, I have renewed my long cherished projects of a dictatorship, which, perhaps, might have now borne fruit, and am going to content myself with such a future as the richest monarch of the East -might envy. The skill that I have ac quired during the long course of study that I have passed has shown me the means to keep the King of Terrors at bay- that is to say, I can guard against all -but- accidents. Perhaps all things have turned out for the. best, for the sweet sons of Erin on whom I should have exer cised my sway, have rather a weak ness for knife and revolver, or, failing these, are equally ready with stone and bludgeon; and the opposition, for of course there would be one, might have resorted to these gentle moans to express their dissatisfaction at certain lines which I might feel myself bound to pursue. Yes, yes, unlimited wealth and the almond/ groves of Damascus are preferable after all. Away with such ideas. Let a man live wholly for himself and he will be happy, let him have to deal with matters of his fellow- creatures, either for his own profit or for theirs, he will find his * path filled with pitfalls and'hedged in with, difficulties. But I must leave this delectable lodging and let my. : spirit wander to Marashgate-street, to \- inspire my young friend David in his conversation with that cut-throat Farrel O'Donovan.' SMy goodness me, Rhoda ! you look like a real ghost,' exclainmed Aunt Dorothy, as the young girl entered the drawing-room in the little house in Bayswater. 'If that is what you call going upstairs and lying down to get rid of a headache, all I can say is that the cure has made you look worse than the ache did. You're as pale as the statue of that proud Miss Joan of Arc over there, and your eyes have got great black circles as if you had dipped your fingers in the ink-bottle and rubbed them round them. No,' continued the good lady, reflectively, 'I'm no advocate for young people going and laying down for headaches in the middle of .the day. The only one I ever knew bene :fit by it was Ann Higgins, you know dear Mrs. Samuel Higgins' daughter. Mrs. S. you know, dear, had been a confirmed lunatic for years, owing to a frighlt at seeing a mad bull toss an Italian organ, monkey and all, through the windows of a ham dnd beef shop, and as for Ann, it naturally was an advan tage, for she was subject to fits, and then she wont to lay down and to get them over quietly, and so not give any tiouble to anyone; but, after all, it didn't do her iny good, for she got her head 'under the grate in one of theni and almost rubbed thenose off her face trying to get it out. No, Rhoda, I really don't hold with laying down for headaches.' ' Very well, aunt,'.answered JRhode, who had listesied to the extra ordinary anecdote without a symp tom of a smile upofi her face, ' I'won't do so again if you do not think it advisable. By the way, you dear old soul, I do not believe you have had your usual after luncheon nap, and you will be ill next. Come, come,, settle yourself in your arm-chair, and I will play you to sleep.' Aunt Dorothy would have pro tested that she had not the slightest. inclination to. sleep, but; her niece would listen to no denial. She shook up and arranged the cushions in her aunt's favourite arm-chair, placed her feet upon the foot-stool, and then seatinglherself at the piano began to perform a slow soothing melody, exerting, at the same. time, all her will power to lull the old lady into a state of slumber. Today, how ever, Rhoda was weak and depressed, whilst Aunt Dorothy offered an unusually powerful opposition to her niece's desires, and it was fully half an hour before the old lady had began to nod, and she sank into a sound sleep, which certain sounds projected through the nasal organ informed her niece of when tihe wished for state had been arrived at. 'At last!' murmured the girl, wearily, as she rose from the piano; ' at last I have time to think over the terrible scene that I.. have witnessed. When I went up to my room I was so strongly impressed that something was :hanging over David's head that-I 'supfose bSy the exercise of my will my soul again separated itself from my body, and I once again floated to my 'lover's presence. I found him weak and dejected, and I whispered into his ear some of his recent doings, and en deavoured to impart to his poor mind a recollection of the events which this bad man had forced him to forget, and urged upon him the necessity of re maining no longer beneath the same roof with the terrible being who had obtained so complete a mastery over him. To my intense joy, after a brief struggle, he shook off his irresolution, and putting on his hat sallied forth in quest of fresh apartments. Ifollowed him unseen to Couch Ferry Row; he met some man who endeavoured to claim acquaintance with him, but David utterly repudiated him, and went on to Rockhampton Ro w. There he was on the point of ringing at a house, over the door of which there was a notice of apartments to be lot, when I suddenly saw him change colour, and stagger back a pace. After a moment's pause he was again about to approach the door, but the same invisible power seemed to draw him back, and hailing a cab he ordered the driver to take him back to Great Grill-street. Invisible alike to him and all others I was with him, and after reaching it he ascended at once to the room of the being who invisibly held the threads of his destiny in his pitiless hands. Directly he entered this man began to address him in the harshest manner, and told him that it was vain to hope to escape from the net in which he was meshed. I felt at once that the only safe guard between Da d and destructioq had been placed in my hHnds, and that I stood in front of our declared enemy. I roused up all my energies for the strife, and determined to see whose will was the strongest, that of this poor girl who had but just discovered the hidden power that she possessed, or that of him who had exercised it for years. The contest, however, was an unequal one, for mine was a mere first essay, whilst his was the result of years of study and experience. Nevertheless, I made a good fight for it, and more than once made Oraddock Lipthwaite, for I read his name in David's note, falter in his position. He full well knew that there was an influence contending with him well nigh as strong as his own; flashes like lightning shot from his eyes, and the mighty brain that regulated his actions throbbed and heaved with the intensity that he put forth to gain his end. I was beaten, but he had achieved no easy victory; and faint and weary my spirit reele~ away to seek rest and repose within the body which it had abandoned for a time, just as David received the order to set out on an errand to the squalid Marsh gate-street, whither I had accom panied him the first time that I had contrived to emancipate my soul from its earthly home. Full fain would I have accompanied him, but I was ex hausted by the severity of the first contest with a will superior in power to my own, and allmy efforts to throw my self again into a trance were fruitless. Fortunately, a complete recollection of all that had passed during my spiritual existence yet remained. Names, places, and all are still inde libly imprinted upon my memory, and the only question is how I can best utilise the information I possess. Poor old Aunt Dorothy, though the dearest creature in the world, would instantly go into fits if I told her the story, worse still, would believe that my mind was affected, and sendfor that simper ing old idiot Doctor Penrose Slkiffing ton, in whom she has such unbounded faith. I am quite alone in the world, who can I apply to for advice and as sistance in this terrible dilemma in which am placed ?' She sat down by the table, and rest hing her head upon her hands, endea voured to find a solution to the ques tion that she had put to herself ; the excitement, however, of the past few hours had been almost too much for her, and her over-taxed mind refused to answer the call made upon it. She was still busily engaged in debating this question, when a sort of half hysterical snort startled her, and look ing round she perceived that Aunt Dorothy had just awoke from her slumbers. 'Bless me, my child,' exclaimed she, pettishly, 'how could you let' me go to sleep so soon after luncheon; I declaio I have had a frightful night? mare, th6ugh, how one can have nightmare in the daytime, is more than I can imagine, and seems past all reason. 'Have you.had a nasty dream, my poor dear,' replied lhoda, coming up to the old lady's chair, and passing her hand caressingly over her head, 'tell me all about it.' The strain had been so great, that for a moment she was glad to drop into the world of common place once again, and therefore strove to interest herself in her aunt's vision. (To be continued.) 