THEATRE ROYAL. The heat on Saturday night made indoor j amusement almost intolerable and militated j considerably against a large attendance at She j Theatre Royal, where the Beutl6y Dramatic! Company appeared in Shakespeare's immortal tragedy " liaiulet." Tt was m the character oE the melancholy Dane that Mr. Walter Bentiey first made his appearance in Adelaide in March last, and the excellence of the im personation will therefore be too fresh in the minds of local playgoers to require any lengthened notice. It is avowedly Mr. Beutley's aim to present a Hamlet easily uuderstanded of the people and one of whose sanity there can be no ques tion. Physically Mr. Bentiey is emi nently qualified to give a picturesque embodi ment of the Danish prince, and taken as a whole bis Hamlet is one which, while appeal ing to the many, never descends to the com monplace, but is the result of a thoughtful and carel'al study of one of the most human characters ever seen on the stage. Mr. Laehlan iVLcGowan has doubtless been associated with the character of Polonius for many years, and this Bterling actor as a result of that expe rience gives an even and humorous-reality to the impersonation which is highly pleasing. Miss Lilla Wildo is scarcely an ideal Ophelia, but she succeeded in arousing the sympathies of tho audience and was seen at her best in the mad scene. Mr. Harry Douglas gave due prominence to tho role of Claudius, King of Denmark, but Miss Gladys Leigh was scarcely equal to the occasion as his royal con sort. Laertes in the hands of Mr. Albert Luea3 was a fairly successful presentation of the character, and the Horatio of Mr. E. Cris, a young Adelaidem, was a commendable per formance. Mr. A. Brereton was senten tiously humorous as the gravedigger, and Mr. B. Marschel unconsciously funny as the ghost of Hamlet's father, the other characters calling for no special mention. "Hamlet" will be repeated for tho last time thia evening, "The Bells" and "His Last Legs" are billed for Tuesday aud Weanes day. Oti-Thursday will be given the "Lady of Lyons" and the "Taming of the Shrew," and on Friday, the last night of the seasoD, a com plimentary benefit will be accorded Mr. Bent ley, when "David Garriok" and "Cramond Brig " will be presented. 