THE TWELFCH JULY OELEBRATIION. Tue usual Sunday service in connec:ion with the above celebration was not held this year, but in lieu thereof special sermors were delivered in the Trinity Presbyterian Church in the morning and in the Primitive htt olirt Church in the evening. The Rev J Folton'esulsject in the morning was "The Re formation," and he gave an interesting historialst sketeh of the Protestant Chourches from the time of Luther. There weeas a fair attendance, several of the leading Orangemen being present. The rev. gentleman continued the subject in the evening and referred to the differences b'tweon the Lutheran and Reformed Churches, pointing out that the former permitted all the forms of the ancient ohurmh excepting those that were directly opposed to the teaching of ScBoripture, whereas the Reformed Chorches only eanotioned those forms that were directly commanded. He also dealt with the differ. canses between the Anglican, Presbyterian, Wes lepyn, Congregational, and o her churohes and their origins. At the close he said that he had no desire in bri?ging up seach a subject before them to create jealousy and ill feeling between the churches, as he weas one of those who believed that there were good men in all religious bodies. The Rev. J. W. Holden, in dealing with hit subject in the Primitivw Methodist Church, " Jodas tesariot, a type of the Papacy," bhsed his remarks on words cootained in 2 Theae, 2ud hobapter, 3rd verse, and John 17th, 12th verse, "'The son of perdition." He said it seemed to him that it was intended by the Holy Ghost that there should be an analogy between Judlas Isosrios and the Papacy. Eminent writers generally supposed these words to refer to the Papacy-not to individual Popes, but to tte Papsay at large. There were salient points of analogy between the two. Ho derired they ashould have in their midst the spirit of truth and that in their hearts there bshould be no bitterness. At the same time he hoped they would leave the meeting with a stronger hatred of Papacy than before attending. The Papae hkIe Judas was at one time a minister and offuiial in the church of Christ. Judas was at one time a true disciple. Ho was selected ty Christ and He would not select a bad man. Toe Bishops of Rome were at one time good men; they were men of sterling piety. Some of them were the moat loyal and Godlike men that ever followed the Lord Jesos Christ. The early Bishops of Rome, on account of their learning, held influential positions. Disputes were relegated to them by the provincial Bishops. In consequence of their influence they began to think themselves important personages, and the feeling of self. importance so grew io them that it became a terrible power in the land. The Papacy like Judas betrayed Jesus Christ into the hands of sinful men. Judas ewas entirely to blame for the crucifixion of Jensus. Again and again the Papacy had orucified the Lord Jesus afresh, for what they had done to the true followers of Jesus had been done to Jesus Himself. The history of the fearful persecutions of the tens of thousands which had been elain through the betrayal of the Papa?ey was a proof of the analogy on this point. Judiss locariot betrayed Obrist into the bands of the civil power. He sold Jesas to the civil power. The Church of RHme did a similar thing. They tried their victims by a kind of mock trial. The Church of Rome had a trick in unbilshiagly stating that bhe never crucified any one, but that the civil authorities had done so. Qite true solar; but the civil power was in the hands of tbhe Church of Rome. Judas Isocariot betrayed Jesus Christ for money ; jast so with the Papsey. The masses and the indulgenaces were a patent factor in proving this a truaim. Judas Isoariot betrayed Jesus at the instigation of Satan. He referred them to Luke 22-3. The Papsoey had in it elements which were otherwise than born of God, Anything emanating from Jesus Carist had in it the spirit of gentleness, peace, long- saluffering, love and kindneEs. Things which were born of the devil had an opposite tendenoy. He a.ked his hearers to witness the persecutions committed by the Church of Rome. He urged his lia:enoers as Protestants to bestir themselves on behalf of the Geospel of Christ-to hold it firmly and not el!ow it to be tarnished by false theology. They lived in an age when Protestants were somewhat indifferent. He was not there to "slate" them. But why could they not hold meetings like those held by them as a lodge a few years ago F Simply becaure they had not the fire of Protestantism in their bones. He hoped they would keep a grip of the Oospel of Jeans. Their salvation depended not upon the opposition they gave to the Papaoy. Ha feared they sometimes contented themselves with their being Orangemen. Oraugeism would not save them; strong dislike to the Papacy would not lift them up in the sight of God. They must have their feet resting on the atoning work of Christ. Whatever view they took of these matters he trusted they would take care that they were building on the rook Christ Jesus. If so, ultimately they would have an abundant entrance into the heavenly kingdom. A large attendance heard the rev. gentleman's discourse. Amongst the audience there were pro sent the Master, DeputyHaster, tititialse, and a goodly number of the membors of the local Orange lodges. His Excellency. the Governor has con gratulated the military and naval forces upon the success of the review in the Cen tennial Park on Saturday. His Excellency was particularly imnpressed by the cleadiness of the troops on parade and by the excellence and precision of their matching. The steamer Duke of Argyle, a vessel fitted up to carry 50,000 frozen sbeep, arrived in Port JacksoD on Saturday from London, 