, ATHLPTJCbl-UR ;riie Welsh-Gibbs Contest V ; Ruled Out fiuj "Friday" Beats WIelahey In .Fourteen Rounds. Tax gymnasium of Aha Crcmbririand A&- fetio Club was well filled on Saturday- night, whbn .Migkq -was «et <4ppp to fa, ox Htfriy Ferry, and i4Friflay" O'Keii to meet Jaec Meianeyr of Sydney.. 'This su toa letter's firet appearance in an important engagement in Melbonrne, and, as he toas reported to he clever, and to have previously poxed 14 Friday" twenty rounds in Sydney, some interest was taken in the fixture.; The opening business was not propitious. : Mr. Reynolds entered 4fap ring to announce that as Ferry was filb over weight Welsh had refused to fulfil, the engagement. The ! management had, consequently, determined < lo substitute Ghariey Gibbs. Welsh, who -seated Sat 41b, came on the stage attended by Billy Williams and Sandy Maogregor. - Gibbs, fist 71b, had Ferry and Rice behind him. ' Hz.Ii. II. Npffaan was referee, and Messrs. Xiangley and Carter timekeeper and teh , aetonda check respectively. The teds started out to box in the prettiest manner possible— far too pretty indeed to he effective. 44 Hovy much do they get for ibis kind of thing?" asked one spectator Reflectively. ' Finally when the third "round" had been E fared on Gibbs 14 took the knock.?' He lay im quietly, then rolled backward and ir" rd in the most inartistic manner. He ad evidently forgotten that the one desire of a boxer who has been really knocked ont ja to be as still .as though he were 44 dead to Ihe wqrld." ' v Gentlemen," said Ihe referes after a per sonal inspection of Gibbs, 44 1 am no| at Ml satisfied that this lad js knocked put. It will be for the committee to adjudicate on the matter." A meeting of tbe committee was at once held, at which it was unanimously agreed to declare the affair No Fight. On this deoision being made known, it.was received with applause by all but the Gibhs backers, who had been very busy laying 2 to i on Welsh. Very different was the succeeding contest between Jack Melaney and 44 Friday " O'Neill. They hod signed articles to box 20 rounds at catch weights. They scaled — Melaney, lOst 81b. " Friday," lOst 21b. The officials were the 60me as in the previous set-to. Melaney was attended to by Ned By an, Nipper Peekes, and Mick Hayes. "Friday" had Billy Williams, Sandy Macgregor, and (Bill Beed to look to his warns. The Contest. 44 Friday " opened the ball with the left, but was met vpth one on the chest, followed by another straight on the mouth. 44 Friday" sniffed a bit, then rushed to close quarters, but was again stopped with the left, men cnoppea witn me rignt. "rriday went up to liis man, but was met once more with a quick left, followed by a vicious right that only just missed its mark. There was a moment or two of quick sparring, after which Melaney slung a circular left low down on the body. He tried a chopping right, bnt was stopped, and had it dealt out with both hands vigorously. Just here Melaney left a rare opening. He let go bis left, missed, and fell forward, 44 Friday " endeavouring just too late to uppercut him. Feinting and sparring for an opening closed the round. Melaney opened the second round with a rush, but 44 Friday " ducked away. He shot out his left, missed, and went forward on to the ropes, with 44 Friday " after him in full cry, trying to hook him with the left. There was a sharp exchange, a close, and some quick in-fighting. Judging from the cries of approval, Melaney had a large number of friends present After see-sawing their arms for some time 44 Friday 11 planted his right on the xifas.' They got together, and there was come smart two-handedfighting, with honors flivided. ' Mi be ing a left lead, Melaney went round the ring, with " Friday" after him, but without any damage being done. Melaney turned quickly, shot his left, and was answered with a good one on the face. After a lot of feinting in the opening of the third round, 44 Friday" got his left well home, but missed with the right. He shot for the body, got partly there, bnt in return got a stinger on the side of the head. Twice 44 Friday" shot the left on the chin. Just as the gong sounded 44 Friday" was chopped on the side of the head, but took little notice of it. Just as the fourth round opened Melaney shot in a daisy left fair on 44 Friday's " face, driving him back against the ropes and making the recipient shake his bead, and look dizzy for a minute or two. 44 Friday" closed up again determinedly, and, using right and left, left and right, in quick suc cession, bustled and hustled Melaney all over the ring for & few moments. Melaney lei go, and 44 Friday " countered him hard with the left. Presently 44 Friday" weaved in with his left stuck far' out, timed bis blow well, and smashed his right fair on the side of the head. When he had pulled himself together, the Sydney lad shot in bis favorite left, then chopped with the right, 44 Fridn-v" rfinlTinp bv rn&hin;? to elnpp quarters, and forciDg some hard, rapid, ex citing infighting. The fifth round was a merry one. 44 Fri day" came to the centre with a rush and planted his left on his opponent's mouth. Melaney made a flurried return, missed, and left himself open to a left hook. He was more fortunate with his next left lead, which ' Friday" received flush on the mouth, making liiui cough a hit. Then 44 Friday" took a lead, using both left and right with effect, his score in cluding more than one sounding hit on the ribs. There was an exchange and a clinch, the spectators yelling against 44 Friday " for, as they thought, hitting too soon when separated. 44 No fonl," said the referee. Both were boxing wet! and fairly, though 44 Friday " was, perhaps, too prone to take advantage of little points. The opening of the eixtb round saw some quick exchanges, Melaney showing Eharp work in the infighting. 44 Friday " shot for the body, but was stopped with a left on the mouth." 14 Friday" slung his right on the side of the head, Melaney replying with a straight left. The Sydneyite was losing both his precision and tbe force from his blows. His want of condition, too, was tglting on bim, Che moisture showing freely all over his body." ' 44"Friday/' on the other hand, was farcing the fighting and scoring rapidly. 44 Friday " did some good work in the seventh round, placing his left on the face time after time and the right on the ribs. Just here there was a yell of disapproval as, Melaney dropping his headj for a moment, 44 Friday " made a lunge at him. But it was quite fair. 44 Friday" commenced the eighth round by smashing his left fair on tbe other's mouth. In a quick exchange Melaney also scored with the left. 44 Friday" stabbed for the body, and was hooked on tbe nose before he conld get away. Melaney let go bis left again, and 44 Friday " crossed bim with the right hard, cutting Melaney above the eye and bringing the blood. The Sydneyile, game as a pebble, went to his man, and they mixed it merrily, neither shirting his work. As they broke away, Melaney chopped |44 Friday" hard with the tight, sending him on to tbe ropes. uvuaaeu u&ub;, uuv wpo btcauicu with straight lefts. \Vben the ninth round started Melaney tried to get his left over 44 Friday's " guard, bnt failed two qr three times. They ex changed compliments, then clinched. When separated, " Friday " sent in the 44 auctioneer " with foil force on the aide of the head, following it with a straight left on tbe chin. 44 Friday4' kept with bis man, hustling and bustling him, and finally break ing him up. 44 Friday " had all the best of the exchanges, planting his left time after time on (he other's face without any damag ing return. Melaney came np for the tenth round with his mouth swollen and bleeding, and his left eye closing up. Still, he managed to get in one that warned the Melbouroite that he must not take too many liberties. Melaney opened the eleventh round with & temporary spurt, sending the left on a straight and true errand two or three times. But 44 Friday " was as strong as ever, and when he did ru6h he used the Sydneyite very roughly— so roughly oqce or twice that Melaneyfa supporters yelled to the referee to stop it. Melaney's eye was now quite closed up, while other parts of his face showed eigne otjnveip piipinhmprt.'- Staiuyr fhjiiM |ie hlhe towd mflfi » veil eve gfee'lip there £11 ihen trpm |iia cMner. Sut L? h&Ulctl; garQelycD. 'S ' The twelfth end thir teenth rotindi; wpre o| much the eeme nature, " Friday" Booting freely and bringing blood nfresh essh ≠ he hit. -Tl was'Irbmhard- Btea/t to a Chine ocange on one — and. '-that one .was not' fjoutn 11 (and iast). — Mcleney came np gamely, -tut jilainly rely tired. "JJpd&y;" itsj&STn; tonal about his ppponent in ipre iBle. Me dealt it out with both hands When and where he lited, Melaney being a h&lpleos; XjecefveL JustJiere Mr. Naihan sieppedgbetween them with 44 That will do. t don't know %hatrydu think (turning to the spectators), but my idea is that Melanfey has pot ghost of a Chance. 4I declare 4 Friday' the winner," Remarks. Mr. Nathan's ftction was loudly applauded, as 'it deserved to be. He exercised capital judgment, stopping the contest neithey on instant too soon nor one too tete. As for the |>oxere themselves, Melaney will make a tnuoh better showing when he is thoroughly in condition. This he was far from being on Saturday night. And -a boxer needs to be well to battle with a man like 44 Friday." The tetter has more fight in him than many people re aware, and if the stories of his Condition on Saturday morning he true, then must he be all the more dangerous fit and well. Next Saturday night Bunt Lewis and Tim Hegarty are to box twenty rounds tor £65 Id alL . In addition, Downie and O'Neil will box the best of ten rounds. When these two met a couple of weeks back they furnished a plintinggo. The peconj) deposit of £2p a-side an ihe M4tnerney-"paggan match is dpe with Thb SrpfalfaUA u?xt JJpudny. Tlipy box oh Caulfield Guineas night for a purse of £0 and side wager of £1Q0. 