F1erllbrookl Do1uble. \-- --· ][!- A .Romance of Maoriland. - BYr ATHA WerruY,. \---e++- CHAPTER XIlI.-CorNTIxuEo. Overhead the myrtle stan3s out green and fragraSt, from which comes the vesper of many birds. The novelist.has anchored himself by the side of thie young lady during the" walk, and has played Romeo liko a man who has a part quite unsuited to him. lie has carried on a fusilado of small talk without even so much as casting a glance at her to satisfy himself whether she is fair or dark, tall orshort. When hlie does look at her, he is surprised at the wonderous charm and beauty of her person. To a man of Lyndhurat's onthusias tic yearning for the beautiful, a handsome woman had iti attraction; but his admiration went no further than the mere gratification which beauty over gives to the eye of. an, artist. In MaudCarlington, however, ieo foiind himself face to face with somethilng lovlior and noble than common beauty. To one who imagined he had turned the world inside out, like an old glove, and found nothing of freshness or innocence in it for him, the sight of this fair, pure, girlish face, looking up at hia:n in guiltless ecljoyment, inade hims draw a deep breath of gladnesa, as if he felt hiniuelf in a purer atmosphere than the air of Ihis every day existence. The comtpl exion is not fair, ibut has that fresh bloom which colnes of auI oplen-air life ; the eyes are grey, so dark that, till they turn andl meet his own, Alton thinks them black ; the lair darkest brTown anld superabundant, for th:o thick plaits coiled closely at the head are innocent of p.ddiing. Franker, fairer face inever siled upon mankind. No :langerou3 faseiiation here-uothing of the siren or the coquette in this young Eniglish maiden-:no "history" in her glad young life. The novelist has plenty ofs time to stiuly the face of his colml:auion as they wend their way over the heights iof Si?atol Carlo. A- :L weaver of roman;lllce, lie is naturally a stnloent of hImllanity. lie looks at this girl thoughtfully, almost crverently. T'o his fancy shell seems the very pirit of rustic inuocemce--not tie inmnocence of the imilkmaid, or shepher dess, but of a dlamsel of lofty race, simple :as I'. rdita, high-bred as Rosalind. She is certainly beautiful, mnre abso lutely beautiful than lie had believed her at first. Thie dark, rich hair, which waves a little at the temples ; the pencillhd eyebrow, the noble modelling of the mouth and chin miight satisfy the most exacting critic. Tihere is mind in that young face. " I was so pleased to hear irom I1Ir. Warne. that you are the Mr. Lylndhlurst," she said, somewhat slowly. " the author whlise books have given us so much pleasitre." The novelist pauses, surprise depicted on every feature of his face. "I was noIt aware that my poor elfus io,~s had tralveled so far," lie responds, quietly. ' I iam promu to think that our tnot i'. '. u ideas are worthy of persual, hlowever." "Falme like truth, will have place," she answered gaily. " By the way, do you know :a ceurtain Colonel Langrove of Miunt T'apca ':' S'Iulo him ! Why the colonel is one of mly lmlust intituate friends !" cries tihe other. "lie is also my uncle," replies Maud Carlingtmui. "F ior souln years we have had our regular ilontlily mail from the Mount." " Wi it all its New Zealand gossip, Snewspaplers, mlagazinles, etc," interrupted Aiton, laughling. "Truly so. Ml[amma, who is a tr's alcllldous reader, devours a box full of literature every mail. 1 know she is not fond s,f nsivels genlerally, but she read your JFer',hl!le .llmc twice over, and was so delighted with it that I, being a wo mtan, and haiving a woman's reigning vice--curiosity-uiust niedes peruse it, as a nrtite of courllse." "All! if vanity lhad sway with me, I shioull be temnpted to say thiat the pervail log mialady otf womten had smitten me, Mliss Carlington," hel answered, banter ingly. " Men are always curious to know-I mean especially literary men what reception the airy creations of their brains may have at the hands of those who read aid attempt to aoatomise them." She turns a shy, upward glance at him, half serious, half arch. " I cannot lay claim to any subtle dis section in the matter of liction," she says, quietly. "Your story is not like the majority of the books which I have read." "Why, pray 1'" "Because the characters appear so real and life-like. Men and women who have suffered and sinned, and the sinning and the suffering, with its brief alternate gleam of sunshine, are so vivid, that when ,you have reached the eid of it all, you lay down the work and wonder whether this can be purely imagination." Alton Lyndhurst opens wide his eyes in. astonishment. Were it not for the glad, girlish expression on her young, fresh face he would accept her words as greatest flattery. I did not know that young ladies of the present day - with their schools, their village. poor, their .house keeping, gardening, church going, operas and what not--had time to study modern romiance," lhe answers, after a loug pause. " "PIerlhaps it is because of, one's * aunaerous duties that a i?iet:h?dumi's read i;ng is all the miore i:joyable," lshe re spends. "Aim, Miss Carlington. you live only to do good to others. Miy ambition is but to wina shred offame for myself. How sorry. a buh.-inea mine, in crmparison," he says, with a deep sigh. "No ssirerstraiglter way to a woman's ;:art than self depreciation. Maud Car lington turns a look at his thoughtful r face. - From that moment she is interested in a thim. "' Fame has been, and ever will be the o noblest ambition of man," she responds, t with just the faintest tinge of a blush i rising to her face. " Who would be groat a amongst the mass save those who had I aspired to fame 1" "True, yet there is no hii her name c than Grace Darling's anong Englishlnen. I This lady owes her renown tI her heroic c acts, not to genius. Ceome," said lie with I a bitter laugh, " yoau were praising my book just now. Would you like to have I written it?" S" Nay." she ans:vera, raising her can- I did eyes to hi-. "To have written such a book, I must have sulto:eded-must have knovi the agony and the throes of some great sorrow. Providence has given me I a happy life among geo I people. 1 would. 1 not have your goniu3 at the cost of your Alton I.ynldhurst laughs oatright. " To be a g :,d de.lin.atur .of humdan nature, one 1must know tihe worst side of it ?.' he asks, evasively. "A tlp'ittri Inns' tirt -recovo the I;n pression; of iis i; cture, o'r.: his brush Irausla;o it u1. the ca.uvas. It is just the samu in lettcrs as in art," she " Tenti you do leave a margin for im aginaut:Ion '" " Yes, but I over boar in mind the old ad.ag- that ' truth is stranger than fic tion.' Y,.ur work of pure imagery is as a bo.ly without a soul, a l.olup without light." " I aam amanzed, Miss C.trlington,' lie says, with a smile. "D1 you believe Tennyson really felt thel dep'Jhs of sorrow ti' picted in his wierd " Itn ,-.mu "Why not?" she asks, with a frank look full upon his; face. " Who shall masure-r thhepeItulant grief even of a chi!d.. The reason why I love to read the poect lauerate is because I feel better and braver after it, for he raises the whole ionga of one's being. I bihevo' the greatest aid to Tannyson's genius has bven lhis sympathetic sultEring with man kind." Alton saghs, and is silent. In abstracted mtnaod lie follows his fair companion wlecreter she may lead. They go slowly downward into a ver dant hollow where the reins of an old temple-lichen darkened with mosses and ferns hides its mouldered stones. By the ruined column they cross a rustic bridge, and stray far along the bank of the watercourse-yellow with rushes, water lilies, and a profusion of forget-mae-nots, pink and blue. Here they talk of many things, of books, of pictures, eminent men, beauti ful women, and lastly of Mlaud Carling ton herself. Sfhe is an cedly child, the last of a race who own Heath Grange, an old place away down in the West Riding of Yorkshire- half monastery, half castle. The great Gothic pile is like a royal p:lace, ~shut ina by dense forest lands, which shelter in their recesses the dauc deer, and the grey hecrtus by its pouls. Around its ancient walls, the rents made by the pelronels of the Ironsides are stillvisible. Before the Plantagenots the Carlingtons of Heath Grange held high oflice in the State. In the olden days the Grange had born the storm, and basked in the sunshine of tlhe ever- revolving wheel of fortune. High nobles had made it the audience place for kings. One of its rooms had held the captive quee~--Mary Stuart. It had been the favorite haunt of Court beauties where they had read the last boa moa of amy Lord Rochester. The late descendant of the old Norman family, Cecil Carlington was a colonel of the Lancers, and the best swordsman in the British army. He perished in Scinde, at the head of Iris regiment, while Mauad was only an infant in long. clothes. The old Grange had beuen deeply mort gagad e'er Colouel Carlingtoun's time, and was now to pass away for o?er into tihe Ihands of strangers. " And the old house will see you no more," says the novelist. " No more !" echoes tle girl, with a far offlook in her dark 'eyes. "From hence furthl New Zealand is to . be our home. My mother has given a promise to join hler brother at MIount Tapes." "Do you go at once," asks Alton Lyndhurst. "Notyet ! My uncle will join us at Naples. We are joarneying thither to await him," she responds. They are interrnptedi by another bevy of the party, who join thlem, and the whole make their way to the place appointed as tiherendezvous. By the time they have had another re fresher of tea it -is quite dlark-but up comes the round, full moon, as the Prince hlad depicted, to light them home. The walk is delightful. The old gables of Del Grade appear in view much too soon for some of them. " Good night, MIr. Lyndhlurst." '" deood nighlt, Miss Carlington.'" And so ended a day which had been all too delightful and was destined to be fraught with undreamed-of results to inore than one of tihe party. Tihe novelist is tired, but, hie does not retire to rest. The mornipg found him mainsng--pondering yet. : He will see tier sgain- lIaad, of the rose gardenl-with hier clear cait face,'not proud but sweet. He can fancysuch a face growieag hardened witlt pride- growinsg fixed as marble w-iere hser nind outraged, tihe stroing sense of right a.sasilcd, oir the cosntei?t" for meanness oice aroused within her? HeBhis been withl hler but haff a dozen short hours nay, not so nu0 . Yket the kn'owvledge of her character hias crowded into his ut; most heart, to be there rooted, as if he had kown Is l?er all hlas life. 77. CHAPTER XIV. ` AT LAST. Peter Duak, the detective, eat in his room overlooking the Grind C nal, and smoked until he had enveloped himself as in a thick mist. It was his invariable practice to smoke furiouslv while working :tt any mental prablem: It mnuis have been a knotty point at issue. for though it was early morning. he had consumed Several manillas over the subject, and hat" subject was none other than the scnpe of a madman from the acylum of a private maidhouse in the city. By that qiner method know.n best to his caste, of tracking crime and its perpetra tors through their :mnsnifoll labyrinths, Peter Dusk had found ;his iuan, only to lose him the next day. It seemed strange indeed that Fernfi brook, AIauprat, or whatever name the masier of the Barrier Rock was known by, should be discocered in a muod-house in Venice. But so it was. The detective had given no explanation as to how he had di. covered tie clue that led his steps to the asylum. It was sufliident for him that one of the lunatics therein was. the person he had tracked half round the knIwn globe. Thrre was no mistak'lng the ori,;inal to the photogr;lph, which had guided the ,llicer all through his long patirit search; the sitiiilot --.iio?lklo"'wviitld Imave recog. nized the likence-s in an instant. The poor patient, with his great black eyes ablaze, pleaded hard with his country man to set him f ce, bu: the detec tire on'y shook his head in aflected pity. Once without the walla of the mad housc, Dusk hugged himself in momen tary triumph. At last hlie had run his man to earth-had him safe under lock and key. To- nmorrow his employers should see Feorbrook far them selves. They went on the marrow-Warne, ,Lyndhurst, and the smiling terrible limb of tlhe law. But he they went to see had gonie-- ?caped, and left not. the ghost of a clue behind him. The sceptic.il novelist laughed at the wlihle affair. " I'm afraid you've been -working too hard in this case," any friend," lie said in a kind way to the crest fallen runner from Scotland Yard. " I cannot but admie the tact and skill displayed iii your trac ing the doings of Fernbrook and his friends, but wlen you allirm that lie is here, in a lunatic asylum in Venice, I beg to differ with you. Except Ilil'on Fern brook has Ihe power of Asmodens at his back, and can transfer himself from one hemisphere to another with the speed of thought, I cannot sce how it is possible lie can be i this city. Be;ides did not the Master of Del 1Maddilino say this self same person had been confined there for over three yeara ? How can you reconcile that statement with your theory that the poor wretch was the Master of Fern brook ?" Poter Dusk disdained to argue, but lie ransacked the old Venetian city from St. Mark to El Perdo for the escapee. It was of no avail, however ; there was no more clloe to be lhad of him than if the earth Itha gaped and swallowed him up. When all the questioning and search ing was ended. Peter Dusk had gone over to Del Grade for further orders, bit WVarne and his companion had departed for London. So the detective smoked and reflected, and the nmore lihe snmokd and cogitated the more puzzled lie became over the whole affair. "That Mr. Lyndhurst was perhaps right alter all," lie muttered, apostrophis ing the table. " I don't see how a man can possibly be in two places at the same time. They say this Hilton Fernbrook is still in New Zealand-was at the opera a matter of onlly six weeks ago. How then can the man whom I saw in the madhouse be he ? Yet, if this is a stiik ing likeness of the man I was sent after, I'll swear the escaped lunatic is either the devil or the convict Mauprat. Humph 1 let me think i" Thelre was no one to hinder him think ing out the question in all its subtle bearings, aid~ it took hilm some time ere he was weary of it. The little marble clock over the mantle piece chimling noon aroused him. "Ah, well, I can't see my way now," he reeumned, in that quaint fashlion of talking to himself. "-I'll niot . give in though, not I. If that madinmn be alive and above ground, I'll find hIim--thlmlgh I don't believe he's.a bit mnad. A craiy fellow would not have acted or spoken as hlie did. It's no use staying hero. The fellow's an Englishiinan and he'll make for London. All sorts and cunditions of nen hide tlhemselves either there or in Paris. If he goes to one or the othir I'm certain to hunt him out. I'll pack up and be off andtry London first."7 It does not take him long to put his decisioninto execution. A steamer is found ready for sailing, and Peter Duas. takes a passage in her. It is a cold,wvindy evening that finds hlim on the slippery paveiment of the Strand. Instead of wonding his way to the oflice of the Miinories, the .detective goes straight to his lodgings in'Ludgate, and comes forth again withili tihe hour jouito transformed in outwardl appearance.. Calling a cabl he drives towards Temple Bar. "If this man's in Londoni, he'll have a peep at the theatre," he saiys to hilmself; "Rogues or lunatics, it's all the samse.. As soon as they're let out of tle cage; they are drawn to the plsyhouse ns if by magic. Ill begin with the theatrea." Disnmissiug tile triap, hlie walks down to the Adeiplii, and piayvnig. his shilling as cedds to the gallery, where hlie can see almost.evecy person in the house.,: A few minutcs sullice to convince lhim. that.the escaped nidmin.il :a is'not amonigst.i the audience'hereo:. : From the Adelphi Peter Dusk goes to Drury Lane. Instead of mountingithe gallery lie takes a seat in the dress circle, and looks round at the vast rsea of leads and faces s-~c- --l rowding tlheplace Awayv out yonder fear the stage, in the pit, the detective auddenly secs the man le is looking for There is no mistaking that proud;,dark paiiish-like face, with the short cropped lack Lair and moustache. The manis leaning igndolen ly.again?,t ehostage-box, (yet dcceplyintent upon the: )erformanaco), and is dressed in a suit of ober tweed. , Before thein scen i concluded Pa t. r Dusk has taken a se it beside tie ua:n i tle pit, and has sa tislied himself be.,yindl he sinallet.i sihado:v of a d.iu' t liah' I:_ is he escap d lunatic from ' Del iladi ino." "Fiine play, my frien:d." The man t trns and looki the Sotland Yard ruinner full in the f.tac. "It is a gran-il perfi.rmnauce," lie re sponds slowly, atnd in a rich aniul. v,,;s, that had a tone of nrellnchioly in ir. b"ut it is badly nlonuited. III Franci they attend to those thtings more so than in Englanid." " Yiu are not a Frencmhman, sir ?"' "No," replied the stranlger. slmilieg. " Nor yet an E]:lglishmlii ; I n:a say t! at. Ilan a cosmlopolitan, having i't;iv led sonme,' as they say in America." "Are you iin American ?" " You are curious tmy ,friend,' sail I he other, good-humoiuredly. "IIl FiraneC, and even ini the United States, they have a rule in society called ctiquet!e, which luealis that' ri?i qluestions are deserving rude answers. If you are inclined to learn lly riatioinality, I may tell you that I have none. I repeat, I ain a cosmtiopo litan.' 'lBeg. pardon," said the detective, hastiiy. " It struck me I had seen you before somlewhlre." " You woer a stricken deer, miy friend, for thinking so," responded the other. "We cannut possibly have met be fore." " I think we have," cried the detec tive. There was a swift flash in the black eyes, as they turned with sudden and suspicious look to the face of the speaker. " Indeed, sir! Where I" lie asked. quickly. " Have you courage to acomiipanIiy Ime to the vestibule, and I will tell yoiu there l" - " Why not tell ueo here I" rt-plied thel other with some disdain." " I have a reason, which I will give you also, if you will aiijonrn with ine." "Piay, lead the way ; I ant at your service.'" Not anotlher word was spoiken until the pair reached a st mall room, adjoiining the saloon bar. "Now, sir," said the stranger, "seating hiimself. "Tell me where you and I have met before." "At, the Del Madilino, in the city of Venice," cried Dtisk. If a pistol bullet-had gone through the body of the man, then and there, he could not have evinced greater surprise. He stared at the detective in blank anaz-. Inent for fully a minute. "Pray, who are you " he said, at length. "I may answer after your fashion, and reply, I'nu.a cosmopolitan." "You saw me in a taid-house in Venice?" asked the ether in a vaeant waiy. ' Yes I the Del IMadilino. a private asylum, governed by one Dr. )Dutti Nico lino." The other replied not, but gripped the back of his chair .with a convulsive clutch. - . " It is not many days 'since I was in Venice on business. I had occasion to visit Dr; Nicolini's establishment. I saw you there." 'I, remember you now," responded the other, after a pause, in which he had recovered from his-surprise. "You have disguised yourself, but I- recognize your voice." " I'm glad of that," said the detective coolly. " Now tell me how you escaped from Del lMadilino I" The man laughed. ':Still inquisitive," hle said, witlh mild irstny-iihis tone. "Are you intorested aiy friend " - "Perhaps." " Well thie story is too long, and I'm not iu the hunior to talk much." "lHow if I land you in gaol, aisd send you back to Venice ?" 'inquired Dusk. "My good sir, you are evidently in a fog respecting the law of England con cermiing lunatics, answered .the stranger with a smile. "First, you will have to prove -tthat Iam insane; second, that I escaped from a mnad- house." " Did you not escape 1" , " TThat is asotiier' question, "my friend." . Peter Dusk reflected a nioutent. ie felt that lie had no lunatic to deal with in the.pu soni ofi this straiger. :' WVhat if I send for Dr. N:cu?lini, atid prove your identity ?" said tlte detec tive. " ;TIhe mad doctor caniOnt pro.ve ny identity. lesid. s Ihe dare not set foot in Lsnidon. . Si?_lDaro.not ! ........... SI repeat-lidare tot." , ViIy. r?iay:?' inquired Dusk. "liy friend, qu.stions seemi to bae oilr forte, lt I Uam sit nut inlclineil to .;aiswer. them;. If you have -any -busines a with. me, pray ciome to it at once, for I wish to see the play-out.it" "Do ,;u bie :ii a hulrryv" s:tit Dusk, p-lcir.g ;is ck ti? tlihe door. D . you. knitw awho I am?" " ow,, tm do 1. :care. ": t oam Peter Desk, frt, .Scithiid .Yard.'. ",ideed, and pray. - Ir: Dask. lwhat is that to nie ?" "Di you lknow, this photor.,p',?" re plied the othler, liasiding hIitit s ci, to-du The stranger took it, and lheCl it to the light; As hIo looked at the picliue, there came inti, Ils eyes t strange expressioin imipossible to describe. P Ieter Dusk waitched iis face as a tiger does its prey.;--To Ut COSTlvmUED.P I'I y 