} Jephson and Grant. %-= - '. ¿j. - [BY YAHOO.] ^^ys'"-:-'-l r ?'. "Vii. r " f He who waa now known to Dr. 2 lTinerf,and to the friends of the latter ~ to whom he was introduced, as Mr. James Grant rapidly recovered Ins bodily vigor; but he was unable? to lifo the curtain that had so mysteriously descended, to see into the past. At first he used to wonder how much he had forgotten-and he put himself to the test again and again. He went through the doctor's library in the hope that, upon seeing a book, he would remember" it. But^ while he was not thus far successful, he could roughly tell what he had known by the ease with which he re-learned it. This had a twofold result-it enabled * - Grant to cover his\ infirmity and to cornfirm Dr. Viner ia his opinion that the "mystery" was an'educated man. : As to. his age, he determined that he was between 19 and 23. Many times Grant declared that he was strong and well enough to go out inte the world again ; and. make a . fresh start; but the doctor, = who had conceived" a genuine regard for his protege, and wis not unnaturally proud of his work, insisted that he should only set out on equal terms, so far as bodily strength went, with the average of his fellows. \- And, indeed, as to mental capacity, he was already their equal; in the space of two months, by persistent \- reading-remembering with ease, as I have said, what he had learned before \- -he had come to be by no means ill 7\. /informed. Thus, as his knowledge and circle of acquaintances grew, he became 7' more reconciled to his -remarkable cir cmnstances. . * ; " . Div Viner had kept his secret well. He had frequently mentioned in letters to the goldfields home of his father \- that he had a particularly interesting _~~ casein hand; and he had suggested that perhaps his father might be able to provide his protege with work of some kind. The son's warm recommendation wis quite sufficient ; and James Grant be- came assistant secretary to Mr. David Viner. -; Dr. Viner knew very well that his friend was geing to almost a s sinecure. The arrangement, however, delighted him; for it would afford Grant that opportunity for study upon which he had set his mind. They had talked about it often : and !~ the young doctor had encouraged the other's aspiration, which, waa indeed no other than that he should study medi cine, with particular regard to the y brain, to one of whose wonderful changes he had been a victim, fie ? ¿ rwaa not deterred either by his age, the :~ long course of study necessary, or his poverty; he would make this the object of his Becond life* and-trust to \- Providence and his own energy that bis study might help him to leave broader, deeper "footprints in the sands of Time" than he had done ap \- parently in bis first life. \- Ererybody on the goldfields knows ; " Old Viner." . Probably most of them j2 do not think a great deal of him. He ~~ can or, rather, could-for" he died not \- long ago-drive a bargain with most J. men^ : Because he was "no scholar" ^- himself, as he- took rather a delight j » 'than otherwise in admitting," he felt that he could fairly take the more -pride in and credit for two things-in ~^-'the possession, first, of a big bank : balance and numberless mining shares, and, second (though the two should be bracketted), of a son who was a doctor and had taken two degrees and . was thought a deal of. These two things were fortunate ?', indeed for Grant. The old man took to his new clerk-"my Bob's friend, down a bit now," he used' to \- say to his friends. "Sticks to his . > rwork^ he would add approvingly- The ' truth was that Vinèr, sen., was putting Grant to ,the. . test. He set him the most useless tasks ; and when he found " they were done, strictly according to ? instructions, he put one mark down tc t ~ _ Grant's credit and two after the name ^ of "my Bob." Yet, while he was ~ 'delighted to have so much more time for. his fstudies, Grant was not easy in " .Jus mind; he rebelled, he said in a letter to his constant correspondent, / -the doctor*-against taking wages which he felt he had not earned. The doctor ' jytook in the situation. He knew the ways of his father, from whom he . - -..without difficulty secured an avpwal oi perfect satisfaction with his clerk's . conduct; That, finding itsvway, as it -was intended to"do, to Grant, the latter plunged into his books with \- renewed energy and determination. His efforts in this direction pleased Viner, senr., immensely. He took it as a compliment to his son ; for he ?- had been long enough amongst men tc prove that imitation is indeed the v truest,flattery. ;-V SS Grant,". he said one day, " what d'ye do with your wages?" " -"I sun saving what I can of them, \- "ic ."That's1 good. You might Ienti \- vtiiem to me. I know of a thing ot ~ two that's good enough-what d'ye say;? - If you go on with this learning. -you'll have to knock off working hen some day, and if the spec, turns u¡ ^ r~.;tnrmpsv a brtfll come in handy." -*. *-Itwas not .everyone that could gel . "'fOId Viner" " for an adviser. He die know a thing or two-and he oughl . to, for he had himself or an agent or pretty well every company board ir -the-place. * ' What Grant had he handed over -and/ thenceforward a deduction wai -made fortnightly for "the trna' ... ? account" In sixteen months from the time o: . his entering Viner, sen.'s, service Grant applied for five days' holiday . - That was'for his first, or entrance examination. Later, he found hi .number, followed by several honor marks, in the first-class Hst. But hi learned it first from Dr. Viner, wh< had telegraphed his congratulations. The life of. the poor student is not .- generally of profound interest, even "though'it often commands the nighest admiration. The living is frugal to the last degree, the devices for adding a few shillings to the dwindling hoard innumerable. The- acceptance of \- . 4fsomething for the Press" is a godsend. His principal article of "diet is hope; and he often starts \- in surprise to find that'the mirror K 4aerpasses in the street asserts that it is not a fattening food. If he be excep ^tíónally brillant, he escapes the ridicule "?? ^¿f the sleek, senseless sons of rich fat -men; if he is only a poor common- place " plodder, .' the frayinga of his Needles, the gloss on hu coat, are sut> jacta for incessant ridicule. And sometimes, too, though happily in Aus- tralia rarely, they earn the acorn also of the supercilious professor or lec- turer. Fortunately Grant, though poor, was not so very badly , off ; h6 was certainly rich in friendship, and he was no com- monplace plodder. either.. He was of all things astonished to find how re- markably well Viner, seor's., invest- ments of his money proved tobe how regular were the dividends ; yet he had furnished him month by month a statement of whence the money . came. Stocks were sold i now, and others bought ; again, the old ones were bought I back, and the new ones sold. He was learning the lesson that money makes money, or at least the opportunity to make it. Of course he remained under the ciceronage of Dr. Viner to their mutual advantage. Thus the five years passed unevent- fully; and then there was entered upon the roll of duly qualified medical practitioners the name of one «Tames Grant. . They-celebrated the occasion, Drs. Viner and Grant. As nearly seven years before, so did they meet in Vineras study; but as they talked now they heard the prattle of children out- side : it was no longer a bachelor home. " That will be your fate next," said Viner, jocularly, jerking his head in the direction of the voices. "You're such a steady-going old soul, though didn't yon ever have a sweetheart?" Viner sometimes forgot for the moment, after these years, that Grant did not know what he had had and what he had not had. And for that matter, Grant himself forgot as often. "A sweetheart? I may have had. If Thad, and'if she cared for me, I hope she's forgotten me as thoroughly as l have forgotten her. But Til tell you an experience I had a few days ago. I read my first novel-that is, this 'I,'"-tapping himself-"after the last exam. I thought it was about time I had a change from the old grind. It was about a lover or a hus- band (I forget which, and it doesn't matter)-yes, it was a husband-who left his home seeking a fortune, and came back to find the house in ruins, and his loved ones gone, he couldn't discover whither. Something inter- vened, and I didn't finish the yarn ; but afterwards it struck me that it was strangely familiar. Still, that doesn't signify a great deal : A thousand times Tve come across things that I'm sure Pve read somewhere before, in the mysterious past, and I suppose I've read this." Viner became serious. "Are you so sure that you didn't act it?" he asked, with an earnestness unusual even to him. "Things like that induce brain fever sometimes, Grant, you know 1 Are yon sure yon are not the married man"-he could not repress the ghost of a smile-"who j returned and found a home in i rains?" But no flood of ligne burst in. "No; hardly that; ifs only the usual experience-I had read the yarn before!" But this startling theory of Viner's was not to be thus easily set aside. In the hard work, the anxiety, and the hope incidental to his studies, he had, as he said "given..; introspection" (which to hun had come to mean equisite torture) " a rest." Now for a few days, until his plans for the future came to be arranged, he might indulge himself by once more attempt- ing to lift the curtain. "It seems feasible," he said to him- self that night, "quite feasible. Viner's opinion of me was that I was a stranger to Melbourne, come from the country, from far back, bringing my earnings with me. It is quite certain that I was practically delirious when I reached the hotel, and the chances are that that was the first place I stopped at. It does seem j .familiar-this coming back to find a home in ruins, the loved ones gone i mysteriously. If these be two j central links in the chain, my own i experiences, according to Viner's j theory, might easily furnish the miss- ing first and last links. The proba ¡ biüties are, he says, that I had been up country, putting a cheque together, and that I passed through a time of intense excitement and torture: it would be quite interesting if I could reasonably conclude that I came here searching for some lost one. I wish now that I had finished reading that yarn. It might have helped me-and then, again, it might simply have thrown me off the scent. No-I'm afraid it's a hopeless case; I'm afraid I shall always have to be satisfied with my second life. Besides, it's non- sense ; I couldn't have married so young." And in the end he registered a vow that he would not read any more romances. If his first experience was any guide, he should be wondering, as he went on, whether he wasn't anything from a highway robber to a prince of the blood, according to the fancy of the writer whom he might be reading at the time. He should be perpetually wondering whether he had read the book before, or whether they were not his own experiences that were brought back indistinctly to his mind. (To be continued.) 