Sir Jaspar's Ward, OE THE WRAITH OF TREVOR PARK. By Mbs. Jtjma S. Habbis, Authopof 'The Oakhurst Tragedy,' 'From Shade wland,'&e.; Chaptee I. 'Thank goodness,' 1 exdaunea aioua.aB . threw myself back in ray chair with a sigh of contest; 'after all I believe Z shall pass.' It was with no small pride I again ran over Borne mathematical problems which . had at .f - first appeared beyond my powers. I was at '; the time a freshman at Cambridge and was trying to obtain the mathematics scholarship, which with' its emolument would be most . 'welcome to me, as it would relieve my ' widowed mother of any farther expense for tny education. Tl'ha Av«tm itiifciii^ /inmn r\flF in 4ihi*aa ^avn a.m I was becoming jaervously anxious as to the re sult and was in dread of a breakdown, for not being naturally of a robust physique the strain on my mental powers began to tell on me. I rose from: my chair and stretched my cramped limbs by walking up and down my little room. Not far to -walk—' Three steps ,,' and overboard,' as my light-hearted friend Vernon called it. A few minutes after I com menced my exercise & -tattoo was played on the outer door. 'Come in,' I called1 out. ' Almost before the words were out of my mouth the door opened and a fair curly head with two laughing blue eyes peeped in. 'finished climbing Parnassus? I heard thy steps, eo in spite of thy sporting the oak I ventured in,' he exclaimed in mock heroics. It ' -was my neighbor, Vemon Blake. ' Well, I think I shall take a epelL I have .solved the most) knotty of my problems,'! answer laughing. . ? 'Sight you are. It would be atlifficulb one \- that could corner you. I wish I had your energy,' he said re gretf ully. ' Stuff,' I exclaimed. 'Iownlm lazy,' he said modestly, 'bnt what would be the use of my addling my ?brains? Fve none to spare,' and he ran his fingers through his cuSrly looks with a comi cally doleful look. I laughed outright, which was just what Vernoh wished me to do, for according to his theory I was over-exerting my mental powers and would break down before the finish. 'Now, I tell yon what, .old chap, well call the gyp and have a good stiff glass of toddy and something hot for supper;'- and suiting : his actions to his words he quickly gave the -order. While waiting for supper Vernon threw him self into a chair and disposed of his long legs .by placing them on another, and I followed his example, but before either of us could make any new or original observation our gyp admitted a visitor in the person of Dr. Tre maine. Dr. Tremaine was a:a old and intimate friend of my father and .had since his death stood in relation to myself as guardian. He ?was well acquainted with Vernon, as he had \- often met him at my rooms, so shook hands .with him as he took his ptcoffered chair. 'And how are the problems progressing?' he enquired as he drew up to the fire. . for answer I handed him those I had just worked' out. He quiekfcy ran his eye over .them, for he was a skilled, mathematician, and b.e signified his approval 'by remarking tersely 'Good.' 'He will break down, doctor, if you don't interfere,' Vernon broke in impetuously, ' no fellow can stand twelve hours a day at that without his nerves giving way.' ' The doctor looked at me keenly, ' Get your thoughts away from the pro blems, Frank, for a time, 'ijou will work all the better for it afterwards.3' .' 'That's just what I tell him,' Vernon said In a sage elder brother tone. 'Do as I do. Prank.' 'And that's nothing,' I exclaimed laugh ing. . 'You are a pair of geese,' said the doctor good-humoredly. 'I think. I ought to know something about it,' replied Vernon, 'seeing that my room is underneath, and for the last three nights Fve heard him moving about till the small hours. If he keeps that np he will suffer from hallu cinations and be seeing wraiths or ghosts.' ,_ ' Wraiths !' the doctor exclaimed in a startled tone. _ _ ? 'You don't believe in wraiths, doctor, do ycu?' I asked jokingly. Dr. Tremaine silently mixed himself a glass ot today betore ne answered snoruy, 'Optical delusions generally, Frank.' X looked sharply at the doctor as. he spoke. 'Was. it the reflection from the fire or the shade from the lamp or mere fancy engendered by my overwrought brain? I was unable to determine. To me the doctor's face wore a most peculiar expression. He was gazing straight into the fire, but his thoughts were evidently far away and his naturally large eyes were dilated with a look of fear. I glanced at Vernon, but he, usually so light-hearted and cheerful, looked grave and startled ; so he also had noticed the doctor's emotion. ~ 'What is the matter, doctor; are 70a ill?' Vernon enquired. 'Just a little unnerved,' the dootor answered- in a husky voice. 'Your re marks and questions remind me of a very un pleasant and - startling experience which occurred to me many years ago, and which altered the whole course of my life in fact. I both 8a w and heard the wraiths of two men, one of- whom, was closely related to me.' - -' I am sorry, doctor,, to have-disturbed you, lint I neTfic dreamed, that jr. - I-nevep.tijfmirli sensible people . believed in wraiths,' Vernon stammered. ! . The doctor smiled grimly. . : '?? Well, my boy, I never doubted - but that I had a. very: fair share of sense, or what the Scotch people call nouse. Indeed, .when I was yOung I thought I had rather more nouse than my neighbors, but my experience has com pelled me to believe in wraiths.' 'Won't you tell us about it?' I asked, as the doctor relapsed into silence. 'Ah, eo vou would like to hear about it, Frank. Well, your father knew the story many years ago, so there can be no harm in his son hearing it as welL In listening to it you will perhaps forget your problems for a . time,' and after taking another sip of toddy : the doctor proceeded — You are aware that I was brought ' tip in your grandfather's family from my earliest infancy. Your, father was three years my senior, and it was 'nob till I had reached my seventh year that I became aware he was not really my brother. On the morning of my seventh birthday I was called into your grand father's study to learn— noli the secret of my parentage, for that I did cot discover for many years afterwards, bat that I waa not your grandfather's son, but a child entrusted to his care, ana tnat a tall, dart, loreign-iooking gentleman who was in the room and who spoke kindly to me was my sole guardian. His name was Sir Jaspar Trevor. Sir Jaspar took me on his knee and after scanning my features keenly gave a deep sigh as he turned to your grandfather. 'He is like his mother, is he not, Mr. Angus ?' he remarked. 'I think so,' Mr. Angus replied; 'he has his mother's eyes certainly.' Child as I was, it struck me as strange that Sir. Angus should speak so decisively. By his tone I knew that he must be well acquainted with my parents. I looked up in surprise and met the dark Ead eyes of my guardian, who still held me. 'You and I must become better acquainted some day, Alex. When you are older you must come and stay with me.' An intense longing to see my own mother whom the two men considered I resembled seized me. ' ' Then you will take me to mamma, won't you? I want to see mamma,' I asked anxiously, for the knowledge that Mrs. Angus eras not my mother gave me, sensitive child as I was, a feeling of intense loneliness 'Poor child!' Mr. Angus exclaimed in voluntarily. '.Listen to me, Alex,' Sir Jaspar answered with suppressed emotion. 'Your mother is dead. She died long ago, and Mrs. Angus-has taken charge of you ever (since.' He stopped abruptly, as if he suddenly remembered that I must not hear what he had been about to tell me. ' Some day,' he continued, 'when you are older and batter able to understand vou shall hear all about it.' I felt that I had in some way hurt my kind Friend's feelings, and in the only way a child of seven could I tried to make amends by kiss ing the hand I held in mine. A burning tear fellon my face, and Mr. Angus interposed 'Run and play with Frank, Alex,' he said. and in obedience I reluctantly left the room. That was the first time that I remember see ing Sir Jaspar, but after that I saw him often. \- He usually came to England in June, but in variably returned to the Continent in October £ ids health being too delicate to permit him to V winter in England. As soon as I was old ? enough I went to Rugby with your father, for whose education Sir Jaspar also found the ioiiaB, xor ue was a weaicay loan ana sne two boys of the Scotch manse appeared to be the ; : - only beings in whom he took any interest9' In a few years itbecameneoesEary for me to choose a profession and I chose the medical ? a choice I have never regretted. When I obtained my degree at Edinburgh I lost no time in acquainting Sir Jaspar with the fact, when he intimated, in reply, that he would like me to settle in the county of Cumberland in which his estate was situated, if I could meet with a practice to suit me.' Strangely enough a practice at Rookcliffe was advertised about this time, so I made no delay in running down to make the necessary «mquines. Bockeliffe was a oonntry town ?bout ten miles from Trevor Bark, Sir Jasnar's country seat: eo finding myself near mv guardian's I deoided to ride over and consult nun about several matters, and also if possible obtain some information of my birth and parentage, about whioh, now that I was of I reflected during my ride, as I had often done before, on ' the strange facb that Sir Jaspar had never invited me to visit him at his home during any of my holidays, bo that when I approached the house it was with Borne mis givings and doubts as to my welcome that I dismounted and rang the belL An elderly man answered 'my: summons, and I enquired for Sir Jaspar. __; ? 'Yes, sir; Sir Jaspar is at home. What name, sir?' ' Dr. Tremaine,' I answered. The man turned deadly pale as I uttered my name and stammered, 'Dr. Tremaine? Yea, sir ; this way, sir.' He led the way to a email cosy room to the righb of the hall and announced 'Dr. Tre maine' with what I thought a peculiar em-: phasis. Sir Jaspar started as he heard my name, but in a moment he rose and welcomed me warmly. ' Welcome, Alex, welcome, my boy ; I am glad to see you.' He spoke with some emotion and I noticed man and master ex change glances. What did they fear, for themselves or for me, that eo email a matter as my call at the Park so agitated Sir Jaspar and his old ser vant ? Had this fear restrained Sir Jaspar, so kindly disposed as he was, from inviting me to visit him before? However, there was no doubt of my welcome now, so with the buoyancy of youth I quickly recovered my spirits, which had been somewhat damped by the mystery, and I was soon engaged in dis cussing with Sir Jaspar the practice at K.ock cliffe. Sir Jaspar was anxious, even eager, for me to complete the purchase. At luncheon the same - elderly man who had admitted me waited on us and I was struokby his peculiar nervous manner. When speaking to me on more than one occasion he addressed me as Dr. Trevor and then hastily apologised. On his leaving the room Sir Jaspar told me that Jeffries was an old and valued servant and on one occasion had saved his life. 'I always,' he remarked, 'have Jeffries with me at home or abroad ; no Other servant has waited on me for twenty-three years— twenty-three years,' he repeated with a sigh. Jeffrie3 returned later and enquired if he should order a room to be made ready for Dr. Trevor. ' Dr. Tremaine,' Sir Jaspar correoted. I yielded to Sir Jaspar's wifihes and stayed at Trevor Park that nifho. After I had retired to my room I found that I had forgotten some papers that I had been showing Sir Jaspar and returned tothesitting room for them. I was about to draw aside the heavy curtain whioh hung across the door when I heard Jeffries mention my name. ' How could I help it, sir, when I saw him standing there looking at me with poor Miss Gladys' eyes. I know his rights— and when he said to me ' Dr. Tremaine ' a feather would have knocked me down.' An indistinct murmur from Sir Jaspar. 'Yes, eir,' Jeffriesreplied, 'my heart aches for you both — who might have been so happy, and all the fault of that wicked lady, your mother.' . ' I will tell him all soon, Jeffries. I ouRht to have done -so before, but you know that I never mention Lady Trevor and how painful tome any reference to my dear wife's suffer ings is. When ehe was dying she begged me never to let Madden see him or know where he was till he was grown up lest he should claim him as his son, as he threatened, and bring him under his brutal influence. You remem ber how persistent he was for several years in his efforts to discover him.' 'I know it, Sir Jaspar; I know it, and to see him again brings it all back, sir,' and the man's voice trembled with emotion, ' to see him laughing in your faoewith his mothers eyes makes me wish he could live here always, BIT. ' I hope he will soon, -Jeffries. ?'Madden has not been seen for several years, sir ; the people say he must be dead.' ' I think he must be,' Sir Jaspar replied Blowly; 'but if not he can have no control over him now that he is of age. I had heard the report and concluded it would be safe for him to live near here. That is -why I wished him. to purchase the practice at Sockcliffe.' I drew quickly back and returned to my room. When I attained my majority I became very anxious to have the mystery of in? birth and parentage solved and asked Mr. Angus to enlighten me. In reply he told me that my mother, who was dead, had been anear relation of Sir Jaepar's and that she had made an un fortunate marriage. I was far from satisfied with this very meagre information, but could persuade Mr. Angus to tell me nothing further ; indeed, so far from satisfying my curiosity he out arouseo. ana excited it the more by remarking when ending the conversation that the subject was a very painful one to Sir Jaspar; so hearing my name mentioned as I approached the door I listened for a moment almost involuntarily to a conversation concerning myself. Seating myself in an easy chair by the fire I pondered over and over again the strange con versation I had overheard. Who was I that my unexpected appearance at Trevor Park had excited Sir Jaspar and his old servant, and who was this Joe Madden that my mother and afterwards Sir Jaspar and his servant had so feared would claim me as his son ? What ever the mystery of my parentage, it was evi dently known to both Sir Jaspar and his servant, and that both regarded me with affection was also apparent. ? - ' . Chaptee IL I completed the purchase of the practice at Roekeliffe the next day and after this visit called' at the Park as often as my duties would permit, and always received the same wel -5ome ; a warm display of affection from Sir Jaspar and pleased deference from his old. servant. ' But I made no progress towards the solution of the mystery respecting my birth and parentage. Sir Jaspar made no reference to the matter whatever, and in consideration of the delicate state of his health and the fact that I had heard him say that the subject was a very painful one to him I refrained from asking any questions. My guardian displayed such affection for me that I felt sure I was. Rnfiferiner no wrong from him in being kept in ignorance, so I resolved to exercise my patience till such time as he volunteered some information. Towards the end of my third year at Rook cliffe I was grieved to note the failing health of my guardian, who as his health declined re quired my almost daily services. He generally left England at the beginning of October, but this year he lingered on as if reluctant; to leave home, and one morning towards the end of the month he surprised me with the intimation that it was not his intention to leave at all, as he wished to remain under my care. At the beginning of November I was called to attend a very serious case of illness some distance from Rookcliffe and I Had to watoh this case eo closely that for nearly a week I had not been able to pay Sir Jaspar a visit, so immediately I was free I decided to ride over and eee him, though it would be rather late in the day before £ could reach Trevor Park. I was anxious to arrive at the Park before he retired for the night, so in order to lessen the distance by about a mile I turned down «. vnnofo cnlffom.iiRpri 'mad that had formerlv been used by Btone-cartersaud which led by an old and now abandoned stone quarry, situated about half a mile from the Park. It was a bright moonlight night, cold and frosty, and as I neared the quarry I thought I heard a stealthy movement on the other side of the hedge, as if someone were stalking me ; and I involuntarily quickened my pace. _ As £came into the open a tall athletic man sprang towards me with an oath and seized the reins, making my horse rear and snort with terror. 'I've waited these three years,' he began, as he glared into my face ; but as he met my astonished gaze the heavy stick which he held in his hand dropped and with a blood-curdling yell of baffled rage he sprang back again into the bushes and disappeared. Startled by this unexpected encounter I was anxious to make my way as quickly as possible to the Park, but my horse was £0 terrified that it was only by a severe application of the whip and spur that I could induce it to proceed in the direction we had been going, so that I was later than I nad intended.tp.be When I reached the Park and Sir Jaspar had already retired. Jeffries informed me that Sir Jaspar had left word that I was to be 'shown up if I called, as he was anxious to see me. When I entered his room I was struck with the alteration a few days had made in his. appearance and I enquired anxiously how ie felt. 'Alex,' he 'said in a weak voice, 'I am clad that you have come. I feel I cannot last long and there is something I have wanted to tell you — something I must tell you before I go. You will remain the night? Yes. Then to-morrow — to-morrow I will tell you what I ought perhaps to have told you before. It can make no difference to you now you are of age — and he is dead.' I am not sure that the last sentence was intended for my ears, it was uttered in so low a tone. I only just caught the meaning and he appeared rather to have unconsciously voiced a reflection than addressed me. As I sat beside him he noticed my extreme pallor, for the double shock of my adventure and finding him so much worse had unnerved me somewhat. 'Are you quite well, Alex?' he asked anxiously. 'Quite,' I answered; and seeing that he was a little better I told him of my unpleasant experience near the quarry. When I had finished he asked me to describe the man more minutely, which I did. ' A very dark tall man and with a deep Bear on his left cheek, dressed in a velvet shooting-coat with breeches and gaiters.' I had my fingers on Sir Jaspar's wrist as I gave this description and as I finished his pulse gave a bound, then almost stopped — he had fainted. When he came to he signed to his servant to leave the room. ' 'Turn the key,' he whispered. Then when we were alone he looked long and earnestly at me. ' My boy, what you saw was the wraith of Joe Madden, once my head gamekeeper, your enemy and mine; the villain who by his cruelty deprived you of a mother's love and care while you were but an infant ; the man from whom I have been trying to shield you ever since your poor mother died. I am not surprised that he mistook you for me ; you are very much like what I was at your age. He has waited these three years, haB he?' I looked surprised. 'Yes, it must be three years since he met the fate he so richly deserved. I, too, shall go soon to meet my dear wife and your mother. Yes, Alex, you are our son. After we had been married about nine months your mother was tricked into marrying that fellow — by my mother, Lady Alice Trevor. God forgive her ; living or dying, I never shalL Give me strength, Alex — give me some brandy — I have much to tell you, and I must tell you now.' I hastily poured out a restorative, which my father drank eagerly, and in a few minutes resumed his story, in haste now to impart the information that had been so long delayed. ' Your mother was Gladys Tremaine, the daughter of my father's steward. I had known Gladys from my earliest infancy and as chil dren we had been playmates together. At my father's death, which happened before I had reached my twelfth year, . I wa3 sent to Rugby, and about the same time Tremaine sent his daughter to Scotland to be educated amongst his relatives ; consequently we did not meet again till Gladys was eighteen, when she re turned to her father's house on tbe Trevor estate. I was not aware of her return when I called to see Tremaine on business and could scarcely realise that the beautiful graceful girl who rose to receive me as I entered the room was my old friend and playmate Gladys. ' From the first hour of our reunion I lost my heart to Gladys. I loved' her as' my own life, and as our intimacy increased' she won my heart's passionate admiration, almost worship, and it was not many weeks after her return that we became engaged, secretly so, because of my mother, Lady Alice Trevor, whom I knew had other plans for my future, for she wished me to marry a Mies Anstruther, an heiress, who was excessively plain and almoBt an idiot. But this did not weigh with my mother in the least — the thousands with which she was dowered and the fact that she be longed to one of the best county families, was more than compensation in my mother's eyes for the lack of any good qualities. When she came to hear of my constant visits to the steward's house she was not slow in divining the attraction, and was enraged at the pros pect of a mesalliance which would thwart her plans. 'One day on my return to Trevor afterspend ing some hours with Gladys she confronted me and questioned me as to my reasons for visiting Tremaine's so frequently. 'I saw at once that there was do middle course in the matter. I must either deny that Gladys was dear to me or acknowledge the en gagement. I chose the later course. She smiled contemptuously. ' ' Do you mean to tell ma that youasked that girl to marry you ?' - : ' ' * Certainly,' I replied as calmly as I could. '* Absurd, my dear boy. Preposterous! Cannot you see that she is trying to .trap you ? Keep out of her way and you will be glad some day that you have taken my advice. ?? If you wish to marry choose a wife in your own station in life — one who will add to your in fluence in the county, not one whose ancestry is beneath you.' - ' My mother spoke in her most persuasive tones, but I could tell by her manner that she was prepared to resist my wishes to the utmost. I knew -well ray mother's proud, implacable spirit, for Lady Trevor was of Portuguese extraction, her mother being a member of one of the leading families of Lisbon, and she inherited the passionate temper and the proud vindictive spirit of her ancestors. '*I cannot give up Gladys, mother. You wrong both her and me. I love her and shall always do so. No other woman shall be my wife.' ' My mother turned white with passion. ' * If you marry her you will both bitterly repent it.' ' ' I do not think so. I am old enough to judge for myself,' I answered. ''You? a boy of twenty? You cannot marry her, for I will not- give my consent. Do you imagine that I. will allow you — you— a Trevor, to marry my .steward's daughter ? Do not think of such a thing. I would sooner see you dead at my feet than married to that designing baby-faced chit. You know — and know well — that she is no match for you. It is a tolly, if nob worse. Would you bring that girl to Trevor to reign in my place ?— mine?— make her iny equal? Never !' and my mother swept from the room, refusing to hear any thing further I had to say. ' After this scene Lady Trevor contrived to make things very unpleasant for Tremaine and reproached him for allowing his daughter to entangle me in an engagement. Tremaine stoutly denied the charge and urged Gladys to break it off, as he averred no good could come of it. At Trevor it waB little better. I had to listen to my mother's constant sneers at my absurd infatuation and her expressed wishes as to my marriage with Miss Anstruther, whose relatives she avowed considered our engagement all but assured ; and so unendurable did our position become that we decided to escape from it by being married in Scotland, intending to be remarried in England when I attained my majority. 'Gladys had a school friend residing in Scotland who was married to a Presbyterian minister, a Mr. Angus. She had kept up a correspondence with this friend, who had often invited her to visit her at Kelso. I advised Gladys to accept her friend's invitation, pro mising to meet her there, when we would be married. ' A few days after Gladys arrived in Soot land she became my wife. We were married by Mr. Angus in the Presbyterian church ad joining the manse, where you were brought up, inthe presence of Mrs. Angus and a friend of mine, who met us there as witnesses. 'As might be. expected, my mother was furious -when she heard of our marriage and loaded me with reproaches. We took a house near the manse, intending to reside there till I attained my majority, at which time I would become undisputed master of Trevor Park. 'A few days before my twenty-first birth day I journeyed to London with my servant Jeffries to meet my lawyers that they might facilitate our return to Trevor. , ' On our journey from Scotland the train we were travelling by was run into by the goods train from London, with the result that many were killed and injured, I being one of the most seriously hurt, having received con cussion of the brain. I hovered between life and death for many weeks quite unconscious and often, delirious. When at length I returned to consciousness I slowly, very slowly regained my physical strength ; bat one strange result of the injury to my head was I lost all memory of the past. My mind was a complete blank as to my past life and experiences. ' My mother had been telegraphed for to the hotel where I had been taken after the accident, and now while I was still in a very weak state and quite unable to take care of myself she, with the assistance of Archibald Trevor, my cousin, took me down to Trevor, whence in a few days Archibald accompanied me across the Channel to Dieppe and . there placed me in a maison de sante, kept by a Dr. Legrange. 'To do the doctor justice, I believe he honestly thought me insane and was quite unconsoioua of my mother's wiles. Of coarse my utter inability to give any account of myself strengthened 'this belief. I was en tered in his book as ' Herbert Maokay,' and I was quite' unable to inform him if this was my right name or not. 'I had one faithful friend through all this trouble— my servant Jeffries. He had his leg broken at the same time that I was injured, being crushed between the carriage seats, and was taken to a neighboring hospital, where he remained till some weeks after I was taken to Dieppe. As soon as he was sufficiently re covered to be discharged from the hospital he proceeded to Trevor intending to wait on me, but found that I was not there. , 'On my mother being told of his arrival shesentfor him and informed him that I had gone abroad for my health and would not require his services again. She paid him wnat wages were due and dismissed him. A fatal mistake for her. 'Jeffries, who had been in the Trevor service for many years, knew my mother well and both disliked and mistrusted her, and on her dismissing him be at once suspected her of double dealing if not something worse, as he felt sure I had never authorised her to do so. He also learned from one of . the house maids that my wife hadbeenat Trevor, butwas now living in retirement at her father's house, and though he tried he was unable to obtain an interview with her. 'Inconsequence of his suspicions he 'took a lodging at the cottage of the village postmistress, with whom he was a great favorite, and owing to her being -one of the gossips of the village he hoped to hear what was going on at Trevor. However, it was very little she had to tell, for the Trevor servants were reticent, and beyond the fact that I was still abroad he learned nothing ; so after wait ing some weeks he deoided to enter the service of a Mr. Vivian, a gentleman who was going abroad for the benefit of his health. 'Before leaving the village he questioned Mrs. Gibson, the postmistress, respecting the Trevor correspondence and elicited the fast from her that Lady Trevor wrote at intervals to a doctor in France — she had forgotten the address — but she promised Jeffries that the next time such letter was posted she would acquaint him with it. 'About six months later Jeffries received the information he asked for. The address was 'Dr. Legrange, Maison de Sante, Dieppe.' 'Jeffries was at first puzzled as to the reason of my mother corresponding with such a person, when suddenly the thought occurred to him — 'could I be still suffering from the accident and had she placed me in the maison de sante at Dieppe.' ' He at once asked theadviceof Mr. Vivian, telling him all the particulars, and he advised Jeffries to visit -the establishment and offered to accompany turn. Consequently both master and man journeyed to Dieppe. ' When they called at the maison de sante they were assured by Dr. Legrange, with every mark of good faith, that no such person was residing there and were invited to inspect the establishment. When they entered I was aimlessly strolling about the grounds and looked vacantly at Jeffries when he addressed me as his master, his dear master. Jeffries persisted in declaring that I was the gentleman that he was in search of, but he addressed me so many times as Sir Jaspar and his master without exciting the slightest spark of recol lection that Dr. Legrange became suspicious and hinted at their withdrawal. ' ? .*' Oh, SitfJasaar,' Jeffries oried in despair, ' think of Miss Gladys.' ' 'Gladys, Gladys,' I repeated in a puzzled tone ; ' Gladys— who is Gladys ?' ' ' Your wife, Sir. Jaspar ; don't yon re member, sir ???' ' I pressed' my hand to my brow. Gladys ! Yes, the name was familiar to me. yet I could not remember whom she was— and. Jeffries, too— where had I seen him before— where ? I racked my brains and seemed on the 'point of a discovery and then it eluded me. ''Don't you remember Trevor Park, sir, and Miss Gladys and your servant Jeffries ?' I stood dutab. - : ''Look, ei4filook!' and Jeffries drew from his pooket-book a photo, of Gladys and my self ; one we had taken a few days after our marriage. .-? . 'Good God! I remembered alL This was my wife, Lady Gladys, and I had been separated from her and placed in this maison de sante. 'The shock was too great for my en feebled strength— I fainted. When I re covered from my swoon my memory of the past had returned. I could remember taking my seat in the express for London and then the shock of the collision — from that all was blank.' Chaptek IH. ' Mr. Vivian immediately transferred Jeffries to me and most kindly saw to all the necessary formalities for my release, and he insisted on my drawing on him for all necessary funds for ray journey. No doubt but for his kind assistance my return to England would have been delayed some days. Jeffries secured two passages in the first boat that was leaving for England, but before sailing I telegraphed to Gladys at her father's house to meet me at Trevor Park on my arrival. ' A few days later we reached Trevor and as I was too weak to bear any exoitement I retired to my room, while Jeffries went to inform my wife of my arrival. In a few minutes he rushed in white as a ghoBb. ?'My God ! my God !' he gasped. ' 'Man, what is it? Tell me, or I shall go mad !' I exclaimed. And then he told me. that Gladys had been married to Joe Madden, my head gamekeeper, six months before, and that a child had been born; that they were now living as man and wife at the keeper's cottage on the estate. How it was brought about I learned afterwards, but now all Jeffries had stayed to hear from the housekeeper was that Gladys had been recalled to Trevor Park on thb plea of my illness, but when she arrived she found that I was not there, but instead she was met by my mother, who up braided and vilified her in the presence of my cousin Archibald Trevor for inveighing me into the marriage and then eent her to her father's houce. 'I stared at Jeffries in dumb amazement. 'And my mother?' I enquired. ' ' Is here, Jaspar,' came in soft suave tones from my mother, as she glided into the room. 'I am delighted at your recovery, my dear son. Our friend the doctor telegraphed to me an account of your wonderful recovery.' I did think at one time of asking a few 'of our friendsto meet and congratulate you, but I was afraid the excitement might be too much;':-1 ? -'And1 before I could recover from my sur prise my mother had imprinted a Judas-like kiss on my cheek. I eaw at once the role my mother intended to play ; that of an injured but forgiving mother — injured in my marriage to Gladys and forgiving me my folly; her hypocrisy repelled me. '? . ' ''What is this story, madam? Where: is my W.JK- ? Why is she not here to meet me ? Yourwife, Jaspar?' in a tone of .surprise. I am afraid that you have not quite recovered from your accident and are Buffering from a delusion. You have no wife ? ' t j 'G'^y8 Tremaine is my wife, madam, and I demand to know where she is.' ' 'My dear son,' exclaimed my mother with a light laugh, 'have you not forgotten that foolish escapade yet? I hoped you had grown wiser. Tremaine's daughter is now the legal wife of our head gamekeeper Madden, and fief parents considered themselves fortunate in being able to 6nd a man who would marry her under the circumstances. You are well out of the entanglement Jaspar, Forget her, and, when you do marry, marry one whom I shall be glad to receive/ ''Infamous woman!' I exclaimed. 'This is your work. Leave my presence and this house, ere I forget that you are my mother.' 'My mobher became furious and no longer dissimulated. ' ' Yes,' she oried, with a bitter sneer. ' It is my work. The accident played into my hands ; it was the chance I needed to enable me to thwart your cleverly-laid plans. You thought that you would marry her again in England, when you were of age, and so make your marriage legal and oblige me to receive her here as Lady Trevor. You never will. She was regarded as your cast-off mistress, whom you had gone abroad to avoid. - and it was my influence with Madden and my pay ment to him of a sum of money that in duced . him to marry her. Did not I tell you that this chit should never displace me here ? Did you think that you would bring her here to laugh in my face— mine ? ~ I do not care for your threats. I go amongst my own people — I map my fingers at you. I do not remain at Trevor, but you cannot bring her here — I am content ! and with a look of scornful contempt at myself and hatred at Jeffries, who stood close behind me gravely watching her, she swept from the room. 'I, oh Jeffries' entreaty, waited as patiently as I could for him to bring the carriage round to drive us to Madden's, and in less than twenty minutes we were driving furiously from the house. ' The moment we reached Madden's cottage I rushed in, followed by Jeffries. Madden rose from the fire, where he was smoking, and with an evil smile on his face demanded to know oar business. ' ' My wife, man,' I cried ; ' where is she ? and in my excitement I seized him by the arm. ' ' You are too late, Sir Jaspar. Tremaine's daughter is my legal wife now ; married to me by the consent of her parent3. I suppose I shall lose my place now you have come home again, but where I go. Gladys goes too.1 And he threw me roughly off. ' Your mother at this moment entered the room and was about to rush towards me, when Madden pushed her roughly back. ' 'No, no, missis, none of that,' he said, ?you must not run away with Sir Jaspar again.' _^ ' Enraged at this rough* treatment of his young mistress, to whom he was attached, Jeffries sprang forwards and struck the brute a violent blow, which stunned him and prevented his offering any further resistance to our plans. ' To clasp my almost fainting wife in my arms and rush to the carriage was the work of an instant, Jeffries followed with the baby — you — whom he placed in Gladys' arms, and a minute later we were on our way to Scotland as fast as thehorsescouldgallop. Yourmotherhad begged to be taken to Mr. Angus, at Kelsc, and by engaging relays of horses and sparing no expense we reached the manse late that night. ' On the morrow, when your mother had re covered somewhat from her fatigue, she told me of her sufferings and the indignities to whioh she had been subjected, and it was then, and not till then, that I learned the depths of my mother's treachery. 'Not content with upbraiding the poor girl with our clandestine marriage, which she avowed was illegal, as we were both under age, my mother told her that I had purposely misled her in order to make her my mistress, but that I was tired of the connection and had gone abroad to break it. All the artifices and deceptions that two unscrupulous persons could devise were used by her and Archibald Trevor to deceive Gladys and her parents as to my intentions. ' After a few months, at the instigation of my mother and on her representing to the Tre maines that I had deserted their daughter, they insisted on Gladys marrying 'Madden to save her reputation. Madden was a cringing detestable fellow, a mere tool of my mother, and whose open admiration of Gladys had been a source of annoyance to me during our engage ment. In this I believe he was encouraged by my mother, who would have liked him to have married her, but the open aversion ex pressed by Gladys for him prevented it. 'The double shock of her detestable marriage and my return were too much for one of your mother's delicate constitution and a few months later she died. 'After your mother's death I took counsel with Mr. Angus respecting your future and he advised me to leave you with them ; they would take care of and educate you; there would then be less danger of Madden finding and claiming you, as he had threatened to do, than if I took you to Trevor and placed you in charge of the housekeeper, as I thought of doing at first. 'I very gladly accepted the offer of Mr. Angus to take charge of you and left you with them, I myself going direct to the Continent. When next I saw you you were just seven years of age— no doubt you remember my visit when I was introduced to you as your guardian. This was the first time I had seen you since you were a baby, and our meeting revived afresh the recollection of your mother's death, and I felt her loss and the enforced separation from you keenly. '* At this time Madden had not been seen in the neighborhood of Tievor for several years, but he reappeared, and I was informed that he returned at intervals of a few years, prowled around the Park for a short time, and then left again. ** I did not meet Madden till about twelve months before you bought) the practice at Rockville, when I met him quite unexpectedly one evening by the old quarry, bub did not recognise him till he spoke. ' ' ' I have a word to say to you, Sir- Jaspar : I have no doubt you'll be glad to hear it,' and he leered into my face. Tm thinking of living near here again. I know where my son - is and I mean him to keep me. It ain't likely I'm goin' to work any longer and my son— you hear. Sir Jaspar — my son — kept by you and going to be a doctor.' ' ' You lie,' I exclaimed passionately, ' he is not your son and will never own you as his father. I have succeeding in hiding him from you when you might have done him harm ; but he is of acre now — you can have no control over him. Your threats are vain.' ' ' Well, Sir Jaspar, we'll see. You thought you had hidden the boy from me, did you? I discovered where he was twenty years ago, but, says I, ' Bide a bit, Joe Madden, let Sir. Jaspar keep him awhile — wait till he's grown up and Sir Jaspar fond and proud of him, and then claim him as your son, unless you're paid well to keep quiet ;' and that's what I mean to do. My threats are vain, are they? Would you like folks to know that his mother ran away from her parents' house with Sir Jaspar Trevor and after three months he deserted her, and that your mother, Lady Trevor, made it worth my while to marry the hussy ?' 'I had hesitated ' to stop when Madden accosted me, fearing we should quarrel,, his znanner was so offensive ; but. knowing the power he had to work mischief and the scandal it would create if he circulated, a garbled report of the circumstances among your patients of the future, my solicitude for your welfare induced me to listen to him that I might'learn his intentions. But, now, as he uttered these words of abuse I could no longer control my passion. I sprang at him and rained blow after blow upon his shoulders with my heavy riding-whip. I was too enraged to reflect on what the consequences to myself might be of this attack. My only thought was to give him the thrashing he deserved for slandering your mother. My hatred and detestation of the man — pent up for so many years — found vent in those few moments. ''Contemptible dog!' I cried;1 as I plied my whip, 'how dare you say this to me? Gladys Tremaine was my wife.9 'Bat -my strength, was soon exhausted. Madden was a tell, athletic man, much stronger than I, and after a short but severe struggle he obtained possession of the whip. It would have fared hard with me then, but, without) either of us being aware of it, in the struggle we had approached close to the edge of the quarry, and as Madden dragged the whip out of my hand he stumbled backwards and fell against the fence surrounding the quarry, the rotten timber gave way under the shock, and he fell over on to the rocks, a hun dred feet or more below. \- ' I ran along the edge of the cliff till I came to the old road, which was the nearest way to the spot where Madden had fallen, but when I reached him I found that he was quite dead. I think that his neck was broken. - ' About a week afterwards Madden's body was discovered by some boys and after an enquiry a verdict of accidental death was re turned, the general opinion being that he had taken _ too muoh drink and in the dark had fallen into the quarry. I took no notice of the matter,' as there was nothing to be gained by doing so, and no one suspected me of any knowledge of the affair.' As my father finished this story of his life he sank back exhausted and after a time fell into a calm sleep. So calling Jeffries to take my place I left the room. I could' not rest, the house oppressed me, the indignation I felt at the story I had heard set my pulses throbbing. I, heir to this large estate, son of the man I had always ad mired^ my life's history marred by a wicked scheming woman, and that woman so nearly related to me. It was monstrous, unnatural. I walked outside and bared my head to let the cold frosty hair play on my heated temples, aud it was some hours before I again entered the house. My father did not wake till late the next morning, when he seemed more bright and cheerful, though still very weak and deeply impressed with tbe feeling that he would soon go to join my mother. He expressed the wish that I would not leave him while he was awake, which I did not, and remained with him the whole day conversing at intervals. Towards evening he again fell into a peace ful slumber, so leaving Jeffries in oharge I wandered out into the park and from there was almost irresistibly drawn in the direction .of the old quarry, which was situated juBt out side the Park enclosure. The bright moon light brought out in bold relief the weird deso late scene, and as I leant against a tree I again went over the events enacted here. As I stood lost in reverie an unusual sound feel on my ear and I turned expecting to see— I know nob what ; b«Jt to my intense surprise ib was my father himself. He was fully dressed and carried in his hand a heavy riding whip. He looked younger than I should have thought possible as he walked firmly pasb me. I was about to speak when I heard a rustling in the bushes near me and a man sprang into the light. It was Madden. ' Fve waited ? ' he began. 'Dog,' thundered my father, and the heavy riding whip which he carried descended with full foroe more than once on Madden's shoulders. Madden sprang at my father and they dosed in a fierce struggle, to which there could be only one conclusion, Madden was so muoh more powerful than my father. As I stood spellbound watching the struggle I was horrified to see them gradually approach ing nearer to the edge of the quarry till they were only a few feet away. In another minute Madden had wrenched the whip from my father's hands, but as he did so he stumbled backwards. He gave a cry aB he realised his danger and made a mighty effort to save himself, bub too late. He fell back wards over the quarry, and a moment after I beard the dull thud of his body on the rocks below. My father turned and walked Blowly back in the direction of the house just as the village clock struck twelve. I was too awestruck and astonished to move as I realised that this was the wraith of my father and that of Madden enacting again their parts in tbe struggle my father had described to me only the night before. My heart was filled with forebodings of coming evil as I hastily returned to the house. Jeffries met me at the door. ' He's gone, sir !' he exclaimed. 'Who?' 'Your father, sir; he passed away In his sleep.' 'Dead?' 'Dead, sir,' Jeffries repeated. ' When did it happen, Jeffries ? I. expected to see an improvement when he awoke.' ' It was ten minutes to twelve, sir, when I discovered he was gone. He did nob wake again after you went out.' Mr. Letch, my father's lawyer, arrived the next day and in the interval before the funeral he explained to me fully my legal position. The estates were entailed, and he made it very clear to me thab there was bnt the remotest possibility of my succeeding as. the nexb heir to the title and estates. To do 60 I must be able to prove without doubb that I was the son of Sir Jasper Trevor, born in lawful wed lock. There was no doubt of my moral right, but it was his unpleasant duty- to inform me thab the law regarded me as the son of Madden. Mr. Letch had duly sent notice to the nexb heir of the death of Sir Jaspar and the date of the funeral, when he would read the will ; and sreab was the surprise when the lawyer read — 'To my dear son, Alexander Tremaine, registered and sometime known as Madden, all my real and personal estate, subject only to an annuity of one hundred pounds .to my old and faithful servant, James Jeffries.' Jeffries after my father's death entered my service, and, as yon remember, died about five years ago at an advanced age. 