LOCAIi ANB GENERAL Land Sale.— An important'salo of- farm 'lands-is adve'rtissd. to be, held by Mr G. Atkinson, under instructions from Mr . J. Dooley, at Latrpbe, on ."Wednesday, Aug ust 23. The lands consist of two farms of respectively -305: and 158 acres, and one situated.'in Kentisbbury district. Flans aro Kb be seen at the mart, Latrobe; the I lal Ann inn liAnlo . AT > HA i I AM . Ian ; Post offiee, Minnow ; and at Wilson's Hotel, Sheffield. Mr Atkinson is also in structed to sell, on account; of Mr.Lewiq . Johnson, fArms of respectively" 80" 'arid "54 acres, at Kontishbury, . on the "same date, ! full particulars of which can be seen at the mart. . _< : '7 . Mud Cubsed. — It is questionable whether Main-street was ever -in. a much worse state than it is at present. From end to end (says the Zce7ien Herald) there are ruts and holes. full of mud, which, take in the unfortunate pedestrian nearly up to the knee.1- It-is new a.comriien occurrence to see" loaded teams stuck in' centre of the road4-or, rather, where -the road ;ought to be. There were three different teams, all well horsed, prilled; short up in fronlof tho- Herald office within an hour or two yester day morning, and none of them got out without, ya> \ good : deal-; /of ; troubje.1' As a matter of course every time a heavy load forces the wh'eeis a foot deeper than usual, the turning and twisting, necessary to release;. -thein -leaves; that ; particular locality a little worse than Before.- . Mean-, while .the bad weather is : pre venting the first. section of road and footpath; jalrqadyj commenced, from being proceeded- withy and the tramway work hris cjihiy been sus pended for a few days. Tliiis.is,.of course not news to residents of Zeehqn— they know it too well. But it' may //convey to dwellers in other towns a faffit — very faint,— impression of the condition's "of life in the mud-cursed city of Jhe. West. .. DiocesAN CouNciril/The following is a copy of reply received by the Dioeesan Council /to an address presented- . to,' his , Eioellency the Governor :—"|;brd .and Gentlemen,— It. gives me mucjj, gleasuro,. as representative of Her MSjesty, -/to ;re-\ eeive year address assuring ma-ffilyAiup- loyalty and attachment to our SoVBin/' land I thank/ you foy khe- cordial feel confident that the, well-known salu brity of the climate of this country "will ; ensure ifie good health- during my sojourn in it, arid !, venture to Lope that.your fur- ,ther good wishes may be. accomplished. . I trust, with AlmightyrQod's- support;, to do= my best to promote the ; welfare of all 'classes of the community, and as far-aslies in my. power,-' -to' assist and forward all measures tending -to the prosperity of the country,— Gobmanston. Governor."— "Mercury." . , t-\ .. Pobt Abt'hub Clock.— The chairman of the Zeehap Town .Board (Mr.A. Morrisby) ; has telegraphed to the Goyerriment: (says the Mercury), asking if the old Port Arthur.: clock bail .bo ; sent down ' to i;he ' !West Qoast and erected, ;at the; Zeohan- Courthouse to bo a guide for other time pieces in the locality. The clock, is now in the store at- the Old Wharf "and is said to be in good working order, and Ministers haveSit'under' "consideration whether "tlioy can comply with the request made to. tberrir ' ! Papers. — The1 follbwing Parliamentary papers, received.:— Reports for 1892 of Surveyor-General, Metropolitan Drain :fgd Board,. Fisheries Department/ "Select Com'- mitteo. on Monnt Lyell Company's Leases , (Private) Bill, Engineer-in-Ohicf, Com mandment / Tasmanians Deferice Force. Also " Real'Property Act "Amendment Bili,'-> and Statistics of Tasmania, 1891, ' ; En ectbia LisHTiNa.— 1 There seems "to 'bo every probability that the public streets of Melbourne will be lighted with electri city before long now. The engine house lias been finished and the plant is fixed in readiness. for a start to be made. All that now remains to bo done is " to erect the columns for carrying the wires, to lay the cast! !iron pipes to the electric lighting' station, and to fit up the driving ropes and leather belts. Tenders for the pipes, ropes and belts were opened by the committee of the City Council yesterday, and will come up for. the acceptance at the ordinary council meeting on Monday next. This work will not take long to execute, and the installation should take place in about six week's time. . ; ; Social. — The usual fortnightly social will be held at the Congregational Church on Thursday evening next, at- the usual hour. We understand, that an attractive programme has been prepared. An Oi-feb to the. Government. — The -Government has (says /Ihe ." Mercury ") .received a communication from Mr,;' Smith, of the firm of Smith and Finlayson, mak-i ing an offer id, regard to"' the /construction of the line from Ulverstone" to Emu Bay. The continuation of the present lino has already been authorised by Parliament, but cannot be proceeded with until a loan is floated,. Messrs. .Smith, and- Finlayson- offer to send in a tender to construct the railway and receive payment ih Treasury bills. The Government declines to enter tain the offer' | . Departmental "Waste. — The hearing ot the libel action in Melbourne, Speight, v Symb, which is' closing ori to forty day a/ duration, is eliciting some very interesting facts with; regard to the'way1 in" which tho finances of -the colony .'of Victoria were handled- in the- Railway Department. Thb Age says: — " Quite another class of evil dence was reached when Mr T. Holroyd; /iruffnrvmn in flio Anrvfnnnv avioHni# V . VUIUCCA OAlOWiUj, lines branch, entered the box. When a i the Newport workshops it was part of his duty to . popqrv.ise ..the "-dismantling iof carriages and truriis,and:l:he witness had a budget of notes: to, place before the eourt on this subject. - Bcrtween May, 1891; and Mafch;1892> about lOO.'fyehicles were broken up under his supervision which! could have been repaired at iess th&rifo;!ne-; third of the original cost of this" -stock. For instance, the passenger carrffis de-; molished -cohld - have" been' repair fori £175 to £200. These barriages whence wi cost £525 without wheels./ /The ?ifi£ness' had a" similar story "to /telHaffioSb trucks which were broken up, the' timVer. being burnt and the iron work senffo' the,y ar d . They could have been .repaired- fer £33. io £35 each. When new,:arid"with'out wheels, these trucks' cost £183. ' Mr Holroyd also stated that he repeatedly saw -otlCer vehicles demolished besides th pse &roken; > up under his own- immodiatej:snperyision,i and that , buffer guides, which in thej majority of cages' vv'ere fit for use again, had; been sept to The lumber yard. The cost of ;a new buffer Ts 38s 9dV GIri cros"S-exahiiria-| ition Mr Holroyd was even more emphatic,! and declared that not one of the vehicles demolished "under his supervision deserved1 such, a-fate, and that a truck repaired or rebuilt of the old iron work and new; timber was as good as new. Mr R. Bi Underwood,1- whose chief employment at : Newport is fitting and repairing? brakes' deposed/ that the brake should never have 'been applied to trucks because - of; the heavy initial cost and the C03t of main- . terisnce. A hand brake was srifficieat for truclm,- ' ut. if. a ...continuous brajte were necessary .Sy an expenditure of £5 per truck, jiMkUriderwood would adapt the W poplq brake. According to another wit ness, thecost of the Westinghonao brake /was" £28 Is per truck: ' '.The /last withe'BS examined was -Mr -E, Eustaee,vfi£tef . at "Newport, wboaaid abont 700 or 800: trucks had been broken up at Newport, any of which, c/ould have been advantageously re- ' paired a,t an , expenditure, of £25 each. :Tbe cost of a new truck: would be £7,5. without wheels. The discarded wheels in the New port . yards would probably be 1,600 pairs, all of which were quite fit for use, - y-Mugh evidence was given by the same -witness" as to the 'defects of the new t trucks," hbrri plates, and draw chains,- The pictorial art jWas laid, under co'ntributiqn .to assist in developing evidence given atiout . certain old, trucks labelled ,Q, and, a qu ain't piece .of departmental correspondence was also produced- between -tlio -lateV Locomotive ; : : <\- j i / ; . i Superintendent, ' Mr Allison Smith'and Mr . Peel, ; workshops, manager,' about the actual number of Q trucks in existence- According to Mr Allison" Smith's books, there should .have been 29/ but the traffic1 branch .bravely, held . that, eigh,t. of the number were mere yphautoms or, ghosts of trucks departed to the batter, land. As a matter of fact; j the- traffic branch ' was right. Three of the trncksVeteiput'hors' de combat'm soma accident,, and "lay on a 'bank" until finally smashed up. Two others were tranafigmed into coal stages, and, charming .vagueness, there was no' reu 'cord - to show what had become of some half-dozen other.. ,Q - trucks,, which . con sequently appeared in the "missing friends" column of the departmental re cords. Supreme Coubt.— A true bill has been filed against John Martin and William Donse, recently committed for trial at La trobe for robbery under arms at Fossil Bank, 'near Latrobe.. The "case comes on at . the Supreme Court ; Launceston "next week, . In ,the case of William and, Arthur-Russell, committed at Ulverstone last Friday, .on a charge of receiving cattle;' we understand that no bill is filed for this Court, but it inay co'm/e'to next sittings. Football:— The return ; match -between the .Devonport and Barrington Clubs- was played on Saturday afternoon in Mr Gatonby's paddock, West Devonport. A very strong wind was blowing; which whs unfavourable for football. The locals won by 6 goals 9 behinds to ,! goal / 5,; behinds. The Devonport footballers visit Latrobe on Saturday next to try conclusions with that' club;' tlio match will be played on-' the Recreation Ground. Names. of ' both teams' will appear in ;our next issue. The match betwoett , the '-North and South was played on tur4ayat;Hpbart, and resulted in a win' fo9|the/lattejby 5 goals to 3, 4 