A if ERICAS PENSIONS. (Melbourne Argun.) Wo are labonriug with rueful diligence to establish a wisc economy through all tho realms of public finance, and our repentance for any extravagances which, in the too stimulating atmosphere of " boom " times, sprang into existence is both sincere and loud. Our virtue is, perhaps, not wholly without alloy. The sincerity of our repentance gains its depth, it may bc suspected and its loudness acquires its volume, from thc state not so much of the public conscience as of thc public pocket. We ure determined to be virtuously economical, because we can no longer afford to be extravagant. It. may supply, however, a wholesome reinforcement to our virtue to study thc most shocking example of national extravagance, perhaps, to be found iu thc whole circle of history, an example, curiously enough, supplied by a community akin in speech aud blood and political instit uti CUB to ourselves. The Pensions Bureau of thc United States has juBt published its anuual report, and anything in the shape of waste found, or . even imagined, amongst our- selves, is mere Spartan and heroic virtue as compared with the sublime feats of ex- travagance performed under thc pension law of the United States. The great Civil War, it will be remembered, lasted four years, and ended thirty years ago. During its progress a grand total of 2,778,304 men were enrolled in tho army and navy of the Union, and out of these 300,000 were killed in battle or died of wounds. It might bc supposed that under the action of the usuul forces which wait on human life the remainder of this hoBt would by this time be reduced to small dimensions, and another Xerxes might shed meditative tears over them as tho crowded battalions vanished one after another in the grave. But there never was such an army of veterans as that yielded hy the great American Civil War. Never before was old age so green, so prolific, so indestructible ! The ordinary tables of mortality are suspended in their favour ; nay, the ordinary conditions of human life arc inverted, and white the at- tendant multitude of widows and orphans continues to expand, thc original host of hits bands and fathers declines mysteriously to grow any less ! On the 30th June, 1802, there were 850,000 pensioners drawing generous sums from the United States Treasury for services rendered during the Civil War : and in defiance of nature and arithmetic the number of pen- sioners steadily increases! By June of thc present, year, the commissioners calmly re- port, the number of pensions will bc al least 1,000,000, and at the date of the report there were 800,000 claims yet to be adjudicated upon.' At this rate of increase thc army of comfortably pensioned "sur- vivors " of the Civil War will, in a short, period, considerably exceed thc whole number of soldiers actually engaged iu'thc war. At the present moment, indeed, overy seventieth inhabitant of thc United States is drawing a pension to console him for his sufferings in a war which, in many cases, was fought before he was born ! The total amount expended in pensions last year was £28,000,000 sterling ; this year thc pension budget is com- puted at £34,000,000 sterling. Thc Republic, that is, expends nearly one-half of its entire revenue in military pensions : a state of things which, for a drab-coloured and peaceful Re- public, must be pronounced Biniply amazing. Germany, the most military of empires, spends £22,000,000 yearly upon its annies and fleets ; Great Britain, with one fifth of the globe in trust, spends £31,000,000 on the military and naval defence of the empire. But the United States expends mora money on pensions on what may be described as the ghosts of a dead army than Germany docs on its stupendous military system, or Groat Britain on its over- whelming fleet ! Tho pension list of thc United States after the great revolutionary war was £14,000 per annum ; but this was in Washington's day. Sinoe thc Civil War closed the amazing sum of more than a billion and a half of dollars has been expended in pensions, or half aa much Again as the entire war indemnity which France paid to Germany after the capture of Paris. If anything can be more absurd than the scale of these pensions it is thc principle upon which they are conferred. A soldier may have deserted his colours tu the presence of thc enemy, an officer may have been ' cashiered for cowardice or embezzlement, and yet his title to a pension remains undestroyed. A woman who actually suf- fered a term of imprisonment for poisoning her husband, claimed a pension as a widow for thc loss of her huBband in the service of thc Republic-and got it ! Thc extent of fraud and corruption bred by thc pension system may be imagiucd, but can scarcely be described. * Never, perhaps, was a system BO ingeniously calculated for tho spread of general lying and for creatiug thc conviction that the public pocket exists for the purpose of being picked. Thc Pension Commis- sioners report that, in a certain small group of bogus cases, ouf. of a total of 4307 affi- davits 30S4 were falso aud 92 were forgeries ! Tlie tariff of thc United Slates is, of course, thc chief cause of thc scale and absurdity of its pension system. No nation in existence least of all a shrewd and practical race like the Americans-would spend £31,000,000 per annum, or nearly half its total revenue, iu military pensions, if this well- nigh incredible sum had to bc raised by direct taxation. The tariff of thc United States exists in the interests of a ring of wealthy manufacturers ; the enormous Bums levied by it fill thc Trea- sury to overflowing ; and thc revenue must bc spoil, or there would bc no decent pretext for continuing to raise it. But thu pension budget of thc United States illustrates, too, what is thc standing peril of ' any democratic community where the state ia also a great employer of labour. The tendency is always to multiply thc number of dependents on the state, aud to draw upon thc public treasury on a continually increasing scale, «nd for « continually multiplying host of persons and of objects. Evory system of govaromeut has its own special risks ; and the -perpetual risk of u democratic Government existing under modern conditions like our own- is ex- travagance. Economy is uot, after all, und in spite of a good many platitudes, a " republi ful >and extravagant >enditurc to be can " virtue ; and it wlll zitirl tithe'Steadfast culture of a wise ppbli i iilWÉBMtÉlaBWig»i>*» to keep our stale expe|||B^HbAvbBe twin curses of waste M^-MBHHBflp' 