north' ovens shire coun oil. - Monday, October 2. Present: The President (Or "Way), and Crs M'Kinty, Chandler, Diffey, Peppard, Smith, Naughtin and Fealy. The minutes of the previous meeting were readand confirmed.. correspondence. ' From John Meares, asking the con sent of the council to his application tor a piece ot land adjoining H. iveogn s selection, parish of Carraragarmungee. Or PEPPARD moved, and Or CHANDLER seconded, that Mr Meares be informed that the council cannot take any action in the matter. —Carried. Prom Thos. Power, Bontheranabo, asking the council to clear and form one mile of the boundary road, east ward from the drain to the three-chain road, and stating that the Rutherglen shire was willing to contribute lcs share of the cost. Cr McICINTY moved, and Cr N AUGHTIN seconded, that the mat ter have due consideration when the estimates were being framed. — Carried. Prom Mr M. A. Kay, late president of the shire, thanking the councillors for their kind recognition of his ser vices. — Received. Prom W. Ellingworth, informing the council that Mr Deverman had ceased to be a member of the Board of Health, and asking to bo favored with the council's vote at the election to fill the vacancy.- — No action. Prom Mrs Ann Starr, Tarrawingee, complaining of the new formation of road between Wallace's and her pad docks damaging her land. Cr PEPPARD moved, and Cr , DIFPEY sconded, that the matter re ceive due consideration when the esti mates are being framed. — Carried. Prom the Shire of Malvern, re the costs allowed in cases of appeals against municipal valuation with a copy of a bill intended to be presented to Parlia ment to limit the amount of costs in such cases, and asking the co-operation of the council to get such bill passed.— No action. Prom the manager of the Bank of Victoria, -Rutherglen, in reply, re road to gravel pit at Robinson's, Boorhaman, stating that the bank will have to deal direct with Mr Robinson in the matter. Cr NATJGHTIN moved, and Cr PEPPARD seconded, that the matter be left in the hands of the president to arranse with the bauk and Mr Robin- son. — Carried. Prom Mr McEvoy, previous con tractor for work 1 | 93 at McCarthy's drain, Boorhaman, with a claim for payment of the amount of his tender £6 10s and deposit 10s. Cr DIPPEY moved, and Cr NAUGHTIN seconded, that Mr McEvoy be informed the council can not entertain his claim.— Carried. Prom the Shire of Seymour re the establishing of freezing works for the meat trade and asking the support of the council towards such object. Cr CHANDLER moved, and Cr M'KINTY seconded, that the council support the movement .as requested. — Carried. Telegram from the Public Health T)p.nn.i-I mp.nt nnhifvinir that Dr Grav VJ, 1 J J-» J would see the secretary on Wednesday, the 27th, re new site for cemetery in lieu of the one at Naringa. The Secretary took Dr Gray to the two proposed sites behind Fitzgerald's, Bontherambo, in company with Mr Clarke, of Springhurst, who pointed out the locality. Dr Gray spoke favor ably of site No. 2, and thought that one might be obtained if there was no water supply objections. He said that No. 1 site would not be suitable. Cr DIPPEY moved, and Cr MCKINTY seconded, that the action of the secretary re the above matter be confirmed. — Carried. Prom the Provisional Committee of the Chamber of Rural Industries, formed in the interests of the farming community, asking for an expression of opinion and the assistance of the council to further the interests of the association. Cr DIFPEY moved, andOrPEALY seconded, that the council approve the object in view and will give what assistance it can. to further its interests. — Carried. From the Secretary to the Rutherglen A rrnriilf.nvnl Snr»iAfcv_ n.slrinrf fchft pnrmnil O J 7 yO to procure the gazetting of Wednesday, the 18th October, as a public holiday in the forth Ovens Shire, the day of holding the society's show. — Carried. Prom head-teacher State-school No. 1801, Carraragarmungee, stating that croup was in the family of A. Annesley, and two of his children had succumbed to the complaint.— No action. Prom the mayor of South Melbourne, sending a circular describing the inten sity of distress existing in said munici pality, and asking assistance through the council to relieve the sufferers. Or DIFPEY moved, and Cr McKINTY seconded, that no action be taken in the matter.- — Carried. From the District Survey Office, re G. Hall's application for a portion of the reserve near Londrigan's, notifying that the laud is reserved for recreation purposes, and asking if the council is willing to ignore the reservation. The secretary replied that the council wouia oner no onjecnon to uir ti.au s application, provided the portion as sumed to contain gravel is reserved to the council which is shown on a sketch suppl ed bo Mr Hall. Cr CHANDLER moved, and Cr FEALYseconded, that tbe plan'supplied to Mr Wighton be forwarded to the land office for its guidance in dealing with the application. — Carried. Prom the Municipal Association of Victoria, re their annual meeting. Also a copy of legal opinions on certain sec tions of the Local Government Act.— No action. Prom the Shire of Creswick, re case of Barry v. the Creswick Shire Council a case somewhat similar to that of Cars- lake v the Caulfield Shire— the case having been decided against the Cres wick Shire Council, Said council is desirous of appealing to the Privy Council, and appeals to the North Ovens ok:., /-i— -i i. i i.p.. uuno uuuucu to near a snare oime cost. . Cr FEALY moved, and Cr NAUGH TIN seconded, that the Creswick Coun cil bo informed that this council cannot see its way to assist in the matter.- — Car ried. ' V . 7\\- .' V' V Prom the.Department of Agriculture, in reply, notifytng that briars and furze have not been brought under the Thistles Act, 1890."— No action. . From the Commissioners of Railways, in reply, staying that there are no funds available for the construction of a siding at or near No. 87 gate, .on the North-Eastern line, and they are not prepared to recommend the outlay. — No action. ; Prom David Fleming, contractor for work in Flanagan's hollow, on the drain, Estcourt Road, stating that he made a mistako in his calculations, and cannot possibly carry out the work at the price of his tender, and offering to do the work for £35 17s 6d. Cr McKINTY moved, and Cr NAUGHTIN seconded, that the coun cil accept D. Fleming's new tender for the work. An amendment, moved by - Or FEALY, and seconded by. Or PEP- rAttLi, tnat tenders no called, to oeu for the work that day fortnight, was carried, Crs Naughtin, McKinty and Smith voting against it. . From the Lands Department, notify ing that; in accordance with their. letter dated 25th July, reserve of 60a lr 3P of land at Carraragarmungee was revoked as notified in the Government "Gazette" of thel5thSept.—No action, r Prom .the rate-collector suggesting tnao C6rt9iin rMQs D6 aiucnciGCi Dy cD&ug; ing tlie names in the rate-book in con sequence of the properties baying changed hands. Cr CHANDLER moved, and Cr NAUGHTIN seconded, that the rates be amended as suggested by the col lector. — Carried. Prom shire secretary, informing the council that 24 summonses' had been issued for the recovery, of rates ; in 12 instances the amounts had been paid, anu veiuicus uuu uocu uumiuou ui.u remainder. — Carried. From the Treasury, forwarding an account for, ubsidy mounting to £532 8s. — Secretary to attend to same. From Or Chandler on account of the North Wangaratta State-school, asking for the use of the Shire Hall for a concert and dance in aid of the school children's prize fund. ' Cr FEALY moved, and Cr M'KINTY seconded, that the request be complied with free of charge as the room is wanted for the benefit of the school children on condition that the room is properly cleaned by the parties after using same. — Carried. Prom L. J. Plum, complaining of the bad state of the road pasto his residence, back Estcourt road. Cr M'KINTY moved, and Cr NAUGHTIN seconded, that Mr Wighton inspect and report on the matter at next meeting.— Carried. From Sheridan and Pratt, stating that they could not accept part of con tract in McDonald's Lane, their tender was for filling and forming and they could not do the fillincr unless they sot the forming. Cr M'KINTY moved, and Cr CHANDLER seconded, that Sheridan and Pratt are to complete the whole of the work, No. 65, at the price of their tender, and . that provision be made in the Central Riding estimates for the extra expenditure. — Carried. Prom Mr J. Smith, forwarding a cheque for £S, rent of Tarrawingee re creation reserve.— Received. Or SMITH oomplaincd of the state of the fence of the recreation reserve, Tarrawingee, and moved that tenders be called .to be in at next meeting for repairs of same. — Seconded by Cr DIPPEY and carried. A petition from W. Smith, D. Beatty and 30 others, suggesting the fiil-finor nf a ln.t<rp rlrairi nn t.ViA hhrfifi chain road, commencing at'Mr Charl- ton's selections and continuing along the road to its junction with the Diddy Diddy Creek, and another drain down a road close to the parallel with that Cr McKINTY moved, and Or NAUGHTIN seconded, that the peti tion be received, and made an order of the day for next meeting. — Carried. road inspector's report. "I have the honor to report that very little progress has been made with the road contracts let last month owing to wet weather. The work on the main Estcourt road at Flanagan's has not been commeuced, and as delay will miss tno seas.m of least inconvenience to the public, fresh tenders should be called for next meeting if no progress has been made, and the present contract can celled. I have taken levels of the drain at O'Neill's swamp, and furnish plan of same. My estimate of the cost of the work is as follows : — 38 chains shallow drain at 8s, £15 4s ; 40 chains deep drain, 1260 yards, at 9 1, £81 ; 21 chains medium depth, 441 yards, at 6d, £11 ; total cost, £107 4s. The Inwnr iini'him nf f.liO nntirca nf f.Tin flrola- hole Creek through O'Neill's property, in the Ovens Flats, had filled up with sludge previous to the construction of the sludge channel in Tarrawingee. The occasional overflow of the river on to the flats had assisted to keep the ronte along the fiats road to a lower Wei. The result has been that for some years past the creek has been flowing along the road in a channel it has formed in the sludge deposits, branching off at various points towards the lower parts of the flats. Any body of water coming down the creek of greater volume than the capacity of the channel thus formed must spread over the adjoining land. A slight lowering of the outlet might be effected by clearing obstruc tions from the present channel and cutting branch di'ains to distribute the water on to. the lowest portion of the unoccupied flats— cost £10. There is plenty of room on the gravel reserve at Jttocky roint, Boorhaman, for the erection of a residence, but at present the council has no legal access to the reserve except by the river. If the applicant got leave from Messrs Robin son or Francis to pass to and fro through their land, I do not know of any ob jection to his building a hut out of the way of the gravel traffic and residing there. I traversed the 160 chain of road from Webster's to Allison's near Springhurst, and as this road has been cleared and is a sort of by-road, I do not see the necessity for forming the same at present. The road is badly rutted at the Springhurst end by the water that flows westerly and floods western portion near. Allison's. ; Form ing would improve the roadway, but the .tables would convey, all the water to the : cross road at Dobson's, where there is no outlet except through Dobson's paddock. The two-chain road at Uarmody s swamp is at present under water, and it will be late in the summer before the present contract can possibly be finished. I visited the swamp on the back Estcourt road near Mrs O'Neill's 'and drainage connected therewith on 19th September. An embankment had been built across the drain on the north-west side of Boland's lane, but as this had an opening cut through it there was then no objec tion to the . water flowing down the drain. About midway between this point and tno swamp six chains of an embankment had been erected in the paddock about one foot higher than the surface of the land, and about three feet higher than the bottom of the drain. If the water was level with the top of this embankment, the swamp and adja-. cent low laud would be submerged at' leaBt one foot, but on the day of my visit the flooding was confined to the I drain only, and did not affect the swamp or road complained of. I was informed that the water had been let off previous I to my visit. Considering that the pre- 1 ceding week had boon showery, and that the drain had carried off all the water 1 from the land alongside its line, .11 have no hesitation in stating that it is a oenenc.to au cue mrmers concerueu. Without -it a great part of . the 1 land it traverses would be a succession I of swamps, holding water until dried! by the sun. Obstructing a drain only keeps the land saturated and causing a greater flooding in the lower parts when a heavy rainfall takes place, bub it I would appear .that a drain to be satis factory is expected to carry off all the | water as fast as it falls from the Heavens, be the quantity : great or small, jl una mat cne gravei oeu au Londrigan's /extends, westerly from Kerr's fence about 14 chains. - There is a sum of £10 oh last year's estimates I for repairs to. Central Riding portion of I the Springs and Boorhaman Road. As this is the season; when work of this sort can be done with advantage I would recommend that the tables be cleared and the holes filled in the road by day labor. .- If funds could be spared a portion of the Mnn J Cm 4-T ft TTntnft flltb T?tninff ro. a (Mi J <3 iuau tu uuo xiauwuiu 1 quire similar treatment. Arrange ments could now be made for prepar ing list of most necessary works in the ! different Ridings for the estimates 1S93-4." The report was received. Re overflow of crab hole at the Ovens Plat. Cr CHANDLER moved, and Cr M'KINTY seconded, that the matter be considered when framing the esti- mates. — Carried. Or FEALY moved, and Cr DIPPEY seconded, that the recommendation of Mr Wighton to expend £10 on the I Springs and Boorhaman road be adopted.— Carried. 1 Cr FEALY moved, and Cr M'KINTY seconded, that tenders be I called for work on Springs and Boorha man road. — Carried. I Cr McKIN I'Y moved, and Cr I CHANDLER seconded that the road inspector's report be adopted, with the exception of the drain at O'Neill's Swamp, which is to be dealt with after the consideration of the tenders. — Carried. TENDERS ACCEPTED. About 30 chains of drain, O'Neill's | Swamp, North Wangaratta — P. Dalton, £66 15s; drain deepening at Shaw's and Thomas's, North Wangaratta — Phillip Maddern, £9 19s 6d. ACCOUNTS. P. Hennessy £11 0 0 Jas. Oliver 14 0 P. Twoliey... 3 10 0 M. Sheridan... 2 0 0 Jas. Fitzgerald 14 0 H. Hasselbrook 0 7 0 P. Martell 14 0 D. Beatty 0 S 6 J. Moore 0 7 0 T. Wighton 0 6 0 Jas. Hunter. 0 12 0 P. W. Seymour ...... 1 7 6 T. Barter 0 10 0 P. Hennessy 3 0 0 .1 n'Tiftnnnii n if? n T. Wighton 0 9 0 A. J. Wighton 12 18 4 J. C. Marshall 15 3 4 Arnall and Jackson... 15 14 6 vermin destruction act. A. M. K. Grant 0 10 0 A. Thomas 0 10 0 E. Welsh 0 10 0 The rats-collector reported having collected in Central Riding, £39 16s 6d ; Estcourt Riding, £71 3s ; Tarra wingee Riding, £17 9s ; total, £12S Ss 6d. — Received. The shire secretary reported a Dr. balance of £594 4s 6d in the general account. — Recei ved . Cr FEALY moved, and Cr CHAND LER seconded, that with regard to the petition from P. Diusdaie, Seth Diffey and others, requesting the coun cil to form about 160 chains on the road between Allison's and Wighton's paddocks, running east and west, tlie petitioners be informed that the con dition of the shire funds precludes the council from undertaking the work this season. — Carried. The PRESIDENT moved, and Cr FEALY seconded, that in regard to the petition from J. B. Mclnness, P. \V SoumrtllP nnrl nf-nnuo ha xAmnlniAn « U1VU1 MUVI uvu<rfld) AO UUIICOIUU of two chain road leading through Carmody's Swamp, the petitioners be informed the matter would receive con sideration when the estimates were being formed.— Carried. Cr FEALY moved, Cr CHAND LER seconded, that the resolution carried on the 9th January as regards clause No. 2 fixing the charge for " mutual" meetings be recinded. — Car ried ; Cr PEPPARD dissenting. Cr FEALY moved, and Or DIFPEY seconded, that Mr Docker's scheme of drainage be held over for consideration at next meeting. — Carried. Or FEALY reported having visited the meeting of the Municipal Associa tion as requested, and was pleased to state? that they were successful in hav ing the subsidy kept up to its original figures, there were also several other matters of importance that were con sidered, particularly that of granting licenses to Indian hawkers. Or NAUGHTIN moved, und Cr CHANDLER seconded, that the thanks of the meeting be passed to Cr Fealy for his attendance, and that tlie usual sum for expenses, £3 3s, be passed for payment.— Carried.. - . Or FEALY moved, and Cr CHAND LER seconded, that the wire-netting loan defaulters be requested to pay their instalments at once, or they would be sued for the amounts.— Carried. Cr DIPPEY moved that Mr Wighton get the rats on the Three Chain Road filled in, and a hole near J. O'Don- nell's filled up ; also prepare plan for formation near Berrigan's lane, and let the work to contractors now at work there :if lie could agree about the price. —Carried. Cr- CHANDLER moved, and Cr DIPPEY: seconded; that the Borough Council be urged to make their portion of the Ovens Flat Road.— Carried. The meeting then adjourned. Mr Walker, newspaper proprietor, has announced himself as a candidate for Lowan, in opposition to the Minister of Education ; but although he ran Mr Baker closely last time, it is thought he has not the " ghost of the show" against him now as a Minister. Mr Walker was formerly Mr Baker's Parliamentary election secretary. A lad 15 years old, son of John Williamson, selector, of Poster, while loeking for cows in the scrub, came across seven full grown dingoes, pure bred, which had rounded up a number of small pigs. With the aid of a stick and a cattle dog he drove them back into the scrub after much difficulty. 