AN OUTCAST. P \- - yr JOSEPH HOCKING, Luthor of" The tory of Andrew Fairl" t "Jibes Eastterbrot ," "Zillah," to, CALL BRon'rs Exawaymo.] published by speci t arrangement with lMessrs. Ward, Lock and Bowden, Limited. CHAPTER VI. ISSUAML BENDERS iIS FIRST ACCOUNT. ,"Then, welcome each rebuff That turns earth's smoothness rough, Each sting that bids nor sit, nor stand, but go! Be our joys three parts pain l Strive, and hold cheap the strain; lieatn nor acoount the pang; dare never Sgrudge the throe Y" -Rabbi Ben Ezra, EOBBsT BEowNINo. The following day Ishmael started for Altarnun Ioors. There are but few drearier walks than this. It is true the d country is undulating, but barrenness abounds on every hand. The trees are mostly small and stunted, while for miles there is nothing to be seen but bleak barren moorland. Across this shmael r walked without heeding the scenes by which he was surrounded; he was too busy thinking of what his mother might say to him. For eight months he had neith r seen nor heard from her. She had told him that she should not write, for fear of any mishap, so he was not anxious on that 1 score. But he wondered what she would t say to him, wondered how she would i regard the plans he had made. Muorover, he had been particular about his personal appearance. Two mouths before his master had paid him half a year's wages. It was 1 only four pounds ten shillings, but half of this amount he had inv, sted in a new suit of clothes. It is true she cloth was coarse in texture, and made by a country tailor; nevertheless, it imprivwe his appearance 1 wonderfuly. Added to this, he !I,,l lost his elouching gait, and :alkei as thont h his limbs belonged to him. He was stil I an awk?ward and loosely built youth, buhot hcas far more prep.,ssessing than when he had left his motner on the cliffs the previous November. It was getting dusk when he ca-ght sight of the house on the moors, and fancying he saw his mother, he quickened his step, and hurried along th-. pathway 1 Yes, that was she, sitting by one of the patient cows, milking. He looked around. All was as drear and as quiet sr anything could well be The old plaece looked terribly small and poverty-stricken." The little fields which had been cultivated were very poor and unproductive. The house was not as good as the barn which had just been built at Carleggis. The cow- t housesa were built of mud. His mnther. too, looked the picture of desolation. Then he remembered the great trees whichgrew t around Penwithen, the rich, loamy field-, and the comfort of the great house. His mother had been robbed, and he had done nothing-nothing. t His mother looked up as he came near. and a tear started to her eye. Yes, she loved Ishmael, her first- born-her only living child. She had not ceased to think about him during the long months, and she wondered when he would come. Her motherly love overcamo all her ususl coldness. She dropped her bucket, rush' .1 towards him, and threw her arms around his neck. ' "Ishmnel, my own poor boy !" she sobbed. But only for a minute did she give way to her emotion, and soon she be came taciturn and hard again. "Come into the house," she said "You've walked fifteen miles across the moors. You'll want somethin' to ait. Come." He followed her into the house, and she busied herself to get him food, he watch ing her closely, she often casting search ing glances towards him. " Doan't'ee have nobody to stay with'ee, mother F" he said. " Sally Larkins do allays slaip here." He gave a sigh of relief. Just before the ham and eggs which were being prepared were ready to be laid on the table, she cam'e to his side again. " Stand up, Ishmael, and show me yer clothes." He stood up. " Nearly seventeen." she muttered; "by the time he's twenty-one he'll be better'n the best ov 'em." Then she placed his food before him. While he was eating she did not speak, but when he had finished his meal she Fat down by his side, and laid herhand on his. " Well ?" she said questioningly. He looked guiltily on the table. " What have you done ?" " Nothin'." "Nothin' in eight months, Ishmael, nothin' P" "Nothin' that can be called anything Msther, ted'n sn aisy as you think." "Eight months, and nothin'-and you livin' in the house !" " No, mother, no-he wudden 'ave me there." "Where do you live then ?'" "At Carloggas" "And you've never been in to Penwithen House P" "lse. That night after you left me. I went to sek for service. Yon tould me, ya knaw" " Well P" Ishmsel described his experiences. "' And you saw him-where ded you say ?" "In the library."' " Ah! tell me what 'twas like." Ishmael d'scrihed it. " Fine carpet, fine grate, fine furniture. fine bookcase and books," she repeated between her teeth. " Yes. Well, he sent you to Carloggas P" Ishmael nodded. .'John Bassett is farmer the'e." She nodded her head slowly, then she said: "Have yon tried to git the-willP" "No-that is- " "Not tried ? Not tried I Have I maired 'ee for this? Be you a poor shiverin' soul, as '1l leave the man who robbed yer mawther 'ave every comfort. while she do slave here P" and she lifted up her toil stained hands. "Wait a bit, mother," he said quickly. ':What ncud I do? I knawd notbin' nor nobody. I ded'n dare ttell anybodywho I was. I've 'add to ferret out things little by little. S'poasin' I tackled 'ee right off, what wud 'a' hin the go3d? I knawd nothin'. He sod bait me every way. Why, you who had it-he bait you. He do knew sich a lotl He's the elevrest man for miles round. Nobody can git over 'un. He dd bait everybody he do come across. I seed that in a short while. But I've bin makin' plans. I've bin thinkin'. And 't'll be no use my matchin' myself agenst he if I h?san't so clever and so cunnin' as he es. I must knaw so much as he, I must. Why, he's as slipper' as an eel; h'll git out ov a Ecrape as easy. as I can pull my foot out of my shoe. But I've been watchin'." For a few minutes she was silent, evi dently thinking adeeply. Then she said so~wly: "MYou'm right, Ishmael. I'm too im atisent. 'Tea hard bein' here without my boy. Bottell me what you've done." Ishmsel told his mother what I have "written in these pages, with the 'xception 'of the meeting with Beuben Penwithen's children. This he did not feel drawn to tell. "A.nd nowyou want to leave Carloggase ?' " I shall have more time to learn i I go to Tintagel, mother," he said; "ands I shall be able to watch just as well-perhaps better." ll "Perhaps you will, perhaps you will," rc she mused; "but mind you mustn't bind in yerself. There would be papers to sign, papers telling about your parentage, and a] where you've lived, and all that. That ca muantn't be." ' No, mother; I see." P "And look here," she went on, "you el mustn't forgetwhatyou've got to do, mind t that. Remember you're a servant boy when you ought to ha' bin maaster." ci He nodded. p "How does he look ?" she broke out, ii after a silence. "Does he look stout and ci healthy P Is he happy '" I " He do look well enough," said Ishmael, el "and do ride on the best boss for miles w around, but I believe he's unnisy." h " HowP" - li " I went to the house just after Christ- e mas, and crawled up under the library a wiuda, behind a big fuchsia tree. I looked tl through the winds." 1; "Ah, yes! Didyonsee lim 2?" a " I did." i "What was he doing ?" d: "I watched a goodishbit; he was allays g on the move-allays He seemed to be feared. He went to a little cuddy in one corner ev the room, and pulled aside a curtin'. There was a great big iron box therm." =:Yes; what then?" l But afore he went thera he locked the t door ov the room. And he was takin' keys out ov his pocket to unlock the iron box h wh,.n I made a bit ov noise 'ginat the A winds. Then he turner round like a lightnin', as though he were feared. It reckon my face must ha' made a shadow on the winds, for he made for the door, when a trap comed up, and, I heard some laughin'." ri "And then ?" ti "1 hooked it." ti For a long timelthey sat talking, until f Tehmael had told his mother almost every thing-told her all his plans his hopes, ti his fears. Then Sally Larkins, the old d woman who sleptin the house with Judith Pengelly, came. and Ishmael went to b "d. 01 The following vfternoun Judith asked f Tehmael to go to the little Methodist chapel which lay in the distance with her, , hut he refused. 'No," he said; "he'd have notiin' to do wi' religion." k Judith looked at him strangelr. Some- d how she felt that she ous.ht to teach her boy ab;.ut religious things, and yet she h feared. A sup:rstiti'us feeling possessed her, and she was afraid lasb she should be it calling the anger of Heaven upon her it she neglected her boy's soul. •' Ishmael." she said at lergth, "I hear i there people living still who coll them- f, selves Samaritans. Christ thought a good deal of 'em They believe only in the five Ii hooks which loo's wrote: Genesis, Exodus, a Leviticus, Numhers. and Deuteronomy. .1 want you to read them." y "But I have, mother." "Read 'em aain, Ishmael Rrad 'em r a goodish bit. You can't be a heathen if y you read 'em again and again." Then she wont to chapel without him, t and as she went she pondered. "It's an a, eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth t there," sho said. "Ho mustn't read the h rest till we've done our work." h It was a strange religin. surely ! But then Judi h Penrose was a stiance woman. r Eer he.r.t had been embittered-her life a blacken'-. Moreover. the surroundings of her lifE were not calculated to lead her n to think on the higher truths of religion, a while the Ieachingr at the little chapel she ti attended on Sunday afternoons was very crude and elemnltary. g On the :ionday, Ishmael startel for tI Tmtagel, and, arrived there, madle his way y for Trethiwy's shop. " I'll c ms and learn the trade," he said; d "mother's willin'." d "All right. Well and what 'bout en- n denchers 7' (indentures). 'I'll have noon of 'em," replied Ish-lb m:el. " 'll w, rk for 'ee, and I'll promise d to stay till I'm twenty-one of nothin' e happens, but I'll sign no papers." I Tommy Trethewy haggled a good hit, 1 but finally they came to terms, and Ish- p mael, much to his delight, arranged to h come to him a fortnight later. There is but one more incident that I need to relate concerning this part of Ishmael's life. 'Ihis happened on the last night of his s-journ at Cer!oggas fasm He hadp.cke. up the few things he possissed, special care having been paid to the btoks, when remembering the parting words of his mother, he crept gen ly out of. the house, and made his way towarda Pen'withn. I=ad he not a purpose in going to Pan- I withen he would have been glad to be away from Carloggas, for John Bassett was by no means pleased at his leaviog, and offered him smore wages to slay The I chanse of having one who could do the I wo k of a man on paymoent of n boy's wages did not often oc'ur, and Le resented Ish mael's persistency in leaving to such a degree that he often made the poor lad nn comfortable. Moreover, he was not beloved by the servants in the kitchen, and he was glad to get away alone. It was long past sunset when he drew near to Peawithen, hbut it was summer time, and so the night was by no means dark. "I ain't a'bin for a good while now, so nobody can say I've bin loppin' about the place," he muttered; "but I do want to t have a look at that room again. People do say that he do spend oal his evnin's there alone, and that he wasn't have anybody there with 'im. There's somethin' on his mind-I know." And Ishmael hurried along the pathway until he came to the greot overshadowing trees that grew around the house. Long he looked, but he could see no one. Evi dently old Lesh had got the servants for prayer, according to her uenid custom; but what of the master P He loo ed to wards the library widdow, but no light waste bh seen. Evidently ho could not be there. Perhaps he had gone out. Ah! he should like to get in that room for a little time. If he could only get the key of that iron box! His mother had told him that he had that will somewhere; would it not be kept there ? Anyhow, he could goup to the window and look. And so he crept along the garden path stealthily, looking right and left, with every sonse on the alert. But there seemed no danger. All was silent. The winds had gone to rest, teeoo, and the feathered Stree-tops scarcely moved in the stillness of the summer night. Presently he reached the window, and, getting noiselessly be hind the fuchsiabush,looked and listened. He could see nothing. No light was in the room, and as the night shadows had fallen nothing was at first discernible to him. Although he could see nothing, how ever, ho heard voices. At first it was only an indistinct murmur, but presently he i was able to distinguish words. He re Scognised old Lesh's voice. She was con ducting prayer for the servants. As he listened her words became loader, and she spoke as if in intense agony. Leah had been in the habit of reading certain prophetic magazines, which pro phesied that the world was coming to an I end shortly. The Book of the Prophet Daniel was largely quoted, and compared with the Book of Revelation. These two taken together were made to teach that the day was near at hand when the ele ments would melt with a fervent heat, and that all that was in the world should be .burnt up. Lah had become an easy con vert to- this belief, and her prayers were coloured by the thoughts printed in the bysterical paper. She prayed for each servant by name, e beseeching the Lord to save them from the aDay of Wrath, and by-and-by Ishma?el's Sheart gave a bound, for he found that he a became the esubject of her prayerse She called him the black sheep of the wilder ness, a child of darkness, an heir to hell, o and prayed that his soul might be con l verted, yetiS;·:,·, •··': ·:: f. ;:: As he looked and listened his eyes be- a came accustomed to the dim light in the k room, and he saw that some one was sitting a in the great arm-chair. ti Reuben Penwithen had been sitting alone in the twilight, reading, thinking, i calculating. He had heard Leah's prayer, h had smiled at her beliefs, until she had a prayed for Ishmael He had heard of the a episode inthe chapel, and knew that from that time Leah had given herself over to sa "wrestle" for his soul. A curious feeling d came over him as he listened to her wild a pleadings. Somehow he felt that he was linked to this sad-eyed, lonely youth; he b could not tell how. And so he listenedin tently until the prayer was nearly at an a end, when he turned his face towards the window, and saw the outline of Ishmael's ft face looking ghastly enough in the dim o light. For a moment a superstitious fear h entered into his heart. Then a look of ' anger flashed from his eyes. He caught t1 the collar of a large dog which had been a lying at his feet, led him out of the room, I and opening the door of the house, sent a him after the retreating form, which he dimly saw in spite of the shadow of the s great trees. CHAPTEIIVIl. v 4Ti s vooriC To a EAD. "Bu if you look into it, the'balance is perfectly adjusted even here. God hus e made His world much.better than you and I could make it. Everything reaps its own f harvest, every act has its own reward. f And before you covet the enjoyment which P another possesses you must firstcalculate c the cost at which it was procured." -F?DnaIsci W. RBossaTso. - Reuben Penwithen followed the dog as a rapidly as he was able, and ere long saw that the intelligent animal had come close 14 to the youth, and that they now stood b facing each other. . At him, Shep 1" said Reuben; hut al- c though the dog crouched and growled, he b did not obey. P "1 At him, old man i" he repeated; and t still the dog refused to attack the young ti fellow, who stood waiting for him. "He wa.n't," said Ishmael; "lie'.s feared." r " What are you doing here, young fel- a low ?" asked Renben angrily; " andwhath do you mean by looking in at my window? ' lNothin'," replied Ishmael, still keeping ' his eyes on the dog ' t" [s you were; what do you mean by it?" h ' Nothin'," repeated Ishmael; "call oil t your dog.' Somehow he did not at all flci ' fright ned at ?entbea nw he stood face to faae with him. a " I'll to n 'thing of the sort." replied Reuben. "I'll have you taken before the b magistrates, and then sent out of the neighbourhood. You are re her for no good young fellow. I was foolish to get you a d job; but if you don't leave this part of the coun rysat once it shall be worse for you you blaspheming young infidel " i' Ishmael realised the weakness of this threat. First, the magistrates were to send him out of the neighbourhood, and then, if he, didn't leave the neighbour- - hood at once, it should be the worse lot P him. a " I shall not leave the neighbourhood,' replied Iahmael. "l'e 'done" nothina wrong." - " Who are you P" said Reuben. This i mysterious lad made him uncomfortable, 0 and he asked the question almost withon: thinking. "You knoaw my name-Ishmael Pen gelly. I've no friends, but'l've my lvin' to git;iand hiavees much right to git it as o you have." C.. The reply contained a note of sullen t defiance, rand Reuben did not like being defied. For years he'd beeni ons-of the most important men in + the neighbou, hood.' and to be bearded by this great I hulking fellow, angered him. He won dred whether a shout would reach the ears of the men servants in the kitchen. He was afraid not. Bat he must punish lshm:iel romehow, and make him afraid if possible. Hewondered ifhe dared totackle him After all he was only alad-althougl~ he was so big. Meanwhile the dog had been crouching. watching Ishmanel's every movemort, and. as, soon as his attention was slight'y diverted from 1im fropared to leap : "That's it. Shep! At him !" urged Ren ben, "at him!" he repeated in an angry voice; and the dog with a savage growl obeyed his master's voice. TLe animal was by no means a lady's pet. HIdf a sh-pherd's dog, and half a mast:if, he was a formidable opponeint, especially when aroused. and urged on'by his master. " Ah ! that's got you, you blackguard !" cried Reuben, as he saw the dog leap upon Ishmael, with his mouth towards the youth's throat; ' we'll soon see about it now." But his triumph was short-lived. Ish mael, tall and large boned. passe -sed great strength, and although lacking the powers of endurance which he would possess in later years, he was for a brief time far more than a match for an ordinary man. Un mindful of the sharpness of the do,'s teeth, he caught him by the throat with his right hand.,and by the back part of his body with his left; then lifting him high in the air he dashed him to the ground with a terrible force. The dog gave a great yelp of pain as he fell, then picking himself up as soon as he was able, crept away with a pitiful whine. "You shall suffer for this, you shall l" cried Ishmael to Reuben, clenching his bleeding hand. He was going to say some thing more. but checked himself ; then turning on his heel, he made his way back towards Carloggas. "My tarn'll come sometime," he mut tered; "it'll come. I doan't nee how, yet, butit'll surely came. I'm glad I didn't say nothin', though." All through the night he lay awaks e p'anning,: vowing vengeance, and then planning again, unail the morning sun shone mn upon his so ntybed. NickLi'di coat lay snoring at his side, but he didnot heed Although every one in the house was avsleep, he got uno, and made his way towards the sea, and, arrived there, he divested himself of his clothes andplunged into six fathoms of.water. He hadlearnt Sthe accomplishment of swimming that Ssummer, partly because he enjoyed it, and Smore becanse he thought it might Ibe useful to him some day. And some I how the wholesomeness of the great sea Emade his mind more h-althy, for as he I walked back to Carlrggae after his bath, he \- brooded less. and watc:led the pearly dew drops as they hunrg on corn and gras, Iwondering at their brightness as they I ghstened in the sun. As for Reubhn, he erept back to the house Swith a heavy weight on his heart. To him Sthis was more than an ordinary epiaode. The Sprevious winter two nasies had come to SPenwithen and stolen some chickens, hbu this he bad thought but little about. They Swere ordinary roughs; hobut this youth-thor. was a wild, evil look spin his face that he didl not like. The fellow seemed to carry a lot of dark secrets aloned with him. SHe had the lamp lit and placed on the \- table, and the blinds carefnlly drawn, so as 1 to hide everything from the outqlde, and Sthen, not satisaed, he closed the shutters. i rhils done, be locked the door and sat down 0 In his armchair, and remained for a long time t with his chin resting on his chest and his \- eyes closed. S"No, no," he said at length, "it can't be anything to do with that. It's only I who am afraid. I'm always troubling about it, Salways troub!ing myself without reason. And a yet that fellow makes me think of her. Nineteen years, nineteen years--and neaser a word, never a word to tell me if she lives. Ay and it's been nineteen years of asospense and fear. After all, I was happier at Carloggss in the old days. I believe 1 loved her, too, in a diferent way from e Amelfa, but I loved her in a fearsome kinri of way. And she loved me at one time. 8he would have given her life for me--and I e oceivet her, robbed her -The game wasn't worth the candle, after all. And yet I don't " know. 1 do love the old place. I love the cl money it brings, and I'm proud of my posi- g Lion." Then he sat a long time motion less; so still was he that one might have supposed him dead. But he aroused again presently, and went on h muttering to himself. a " I'm a fool to bother so. Everything is safe, as safe as can be. Judith must be o' dead long ere this. I shall never see her B again, and I have the will." b He started from the chair, and looked b towards the safe. "Why am I always wanting to see it, ti always wanting to read it P?" he mnttered. b. "I hate the sight of it, and yet it a fascinates me. I often dream that I see ol old Michael writing it, and holding up his head between the words forbidding me to " claim the land. It is a wonder how the thought sticks to me through the years, Il and haunts me like a nightmare. 1 wish I'd never seen it; but there, I must go w and have one more look at it." h He walked across the room, and then a stopprd suddenly. ti " I've forgotten all about that fellow," A he muttered. "I came in here vowing on vengeance on him, and i've scarcely given ro him a thought. Everything seems to centre on this-this i" h He unlocked the safe, and then looked C anxiously around the room. T "I believe I'd confess everything but 4 for them," he went on. "I wouldn't mind t for myself. Better to be poor if by being w poor I could be rid of this feeling. I could. go away, and nover be heard of it again. linBut I cannot leave them poeer. at Poor Bertie is nearly a cripple, while a: Grace-no, I'll hold fast--but there, what P1 a f.ol I aml" ol He opened the door of the safe, and looked keenly at each compartment. Then al he took a book from it, which was fastens I n and looked. This he unlocked, and looked s5 carefully at its contents. Then he turner s to the thick cover, and quickly found a n pocket or compartment, tvidently con- rt trived for. important documents. From 1 this he extracted a piece of parchment. "I couldn't keep it in the cash-b'r," he said; '? 1 might have to. run to it hur- q riedly, and leave it carelessly sometime; It and yet, I don't like to keep it here.:' - He spread it out on the table.. " The last will and testament of Michael ci Penrose." Then he unfolded it, and for e, the thousandth time read its c .ntont. it "I shall never feel safe until I see: it 0 hurnt wi h my own eyes," he said; "and then I should be constantly fetsing it would be ra.u'rrcted in some way." "I ut I will burn it," he continued, after a while. "'It mates my life a hall; ib .rictence warns me that my children mey be paupers There, I'll d, it" SHe lit a candle and took the will, hold leg it close to the steady flame, then he a dre.w it back quickly. . d "What's that?" he cried. "Surely I hearn a scratch at the window- pane or else it was something at the safe 1" ' b He stopped aid listened for a minute' or more. but all was silent-as silent'as death: St h, it's only my foolish'fears after, all C -only my foolish fears." He hold the a parchment against 'the flame again, and again he drew it back. ' 'Heheard a loud ticking; louder than the si sund of a: watch,' very; near to himi y " Tick, tick tice, tick, tick," At first it seemed as the library table, then on the a maitelpiece, then on the safe. t His hand tremb'ed so that' he could tl searcelv holdthewill, while the perspiration y stood thick on his forehead. \- Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick," he heard; a on and on the sound went, then suddenly ceased. He wiped his forehead andlooked b fearfully around the room. Th ?la~ p f burnt clearly, the shutters were closed, b nothing was to be seen. 'It's the death watch!" he cried at I length. "Nay, I'm not so foolsh as to be I Frightened by that. An insect signalling for its mate, that's all. It might scare a superstitious old woman, but Reuben Pen withen knows abamt these things," And yet the saund had wrought upon his excited nerves, for there was a strain of superstition in his nature. Old Leah had told him stories long years ago stories of omens, and tokens, and death's headmoths; talesof ghosts audapparitions, and to-night he did not feel like laughing. at them Still, he held old Michael's will to the "an'lts fl-ms, once more, and once more h't stopped. Thelines of some doggerel which 't du had taught him as a boy came back to his mind with great vividness. He hadr helieved in them in the old days, but of late years he had discarded all such things as foolishness. After all, Leah was an old woman, who as a child had been nurtured on stories of ghosts and goblins, and he I had ceased to pay heed to what she said Still he could not help repeating the doggerel to himself : " Strike a dead man's face, By a dead man you'll be haunted; Steal a dead man's ring. And by deadmen you'llbe daunted ; Cross a dead man's will, You can scarce do worse; Burn a dead man's writing, And you'll get that dead man's curse." He threw the will on the floor as though it were a serpent, and then, as if angry with himself, picked it up again. " Oh, I am a weak, poor fool !" he cried; "and after nineteen years, too. For 'tis nineteen years since I stole this will from Judith, and I've never had a happy day since. Again and again I've tried to daetroy it, and I've always failed. But I will do it. It's the only link of the past Its the only possible way by which the truth can be known." With a trembling hand he lifted the parchment to the candle-flame again, but he could not keep it there. The lines old Leah had taught him were ringing in his ears, and every word seemed to make him feel old Michael's presence: "Cross a dead man's will, You can scarce do worse; Burn a dead man's writing, And you'll get that dead man's curse." He knew it meant nothing. He knew there were scores of similar verses repeated up and down the country, and that they were as meaningless as empty air. Never theless, he could not carry his purpose into effect. He placed the will back in the receptacle which had been cunningly con trived in the thick cover of the book; this he placed back in the safe, which he care fully locked. " At any rate, it will be all right there until I can think of a better hiding-place," he muttered; then, with a heavy sigh, he went to his bedroom, stopping two or three times on his way, and looking round with fearful glances. The next morning he was up in good time, andahortly after breakfast he ordered his horse to be saddled, which he im mediately mounted and rode towards Carloggas. 'aWell, John," he said, as he saw his brother-in- law come out of his new barn. "Carloggas looks different from what it did in the old days." "It had need, too, Beuben," replied Bassett. "Your corn looeks well. You makeit do, don'tyouP" "Since you let me have those four good daiy fields, I can make it do, and pay my rent. You know that." "But I let you have it cheap, and this new barn means a year's rent knocked off." "Oh, I don't complain. You are very kind to me." " I remember Amelia," he said, with a sigh. " There is atalkofyour marryin' again," said Bassett, uneasily. "Miss Tredinnick, of Endellion." "Then the talk is lies," said Reuben. " I shall never marry sagain." He looked gloomy as he made this reply. Then, as if anxious to change the subject, he said: "You'll be wanting more hands now the harret is coming on, won't you? " "That I shall." replied the farmer; "especially since that great black-eyed chap you sent over here last November is gone." "Is he gone?" asked Beuben eagerly. " Where P?" "Gone to Tintagel." "Why did you send him away P Didn't he behave himself P What did be do wrong, eh P" "I didn't send 'nn away; he went of his own free will. I'd no fault to fnd wi' un. He served me well-did a man's work for a boy's wage. I offered 'un more t3 stay, but he wouldn't." Reuben was disappointed. He hoped that he had done something wrong, and bad been discharged. 'Twould have been as easy matter then to have got him out of the neighbourhood. "Where is he gone ? " he said at length; "that is, to whose place P" "To Tommy Trethewy's. He's going to learn carpenterin' and buildin'." Beunben stayed at Carloggas a very little while longer after this, but galloped his horse up the lane which led to the sea. In a few minutes he reached the summit of the hill, and was soon in sight of the great Atlantic. He dismounted and sat down on the grass, while a discontented look rested on his face. "I can do nothing through John," he said to himself, "nothing at all. Can anything be done with Tommy Trethewy ? He depends on me for a good deal of work, and would not like to offend me. But what can I soy if I go to him, and why should I say anything f" He looked one on the wide sea, and its immensity gave him a sense of freedom and strength ; he turned and looked on the broad asres around him, most of which were sup posed to be his, and these gave him a sense of security and comfort, " ltter all," he said, "I know nothing against thefellow. A strange, hulking youth, no doubt, but that is all. It's my own con science that has made me feel so bitter to wards him; he always reminds me of-but never mind. Why should I go and seek to ruin his pro'pects when the gain is so doabt ful f Of course, if I thought that any good would come of driving him from thecountry I would do it, no matter what the conse quences were, hbut I don't see the good of For a long time he calculated and con idered the probable -issues, and finally con claldel to let him stay,. If Ishmael were his enemy, as he had a vague idea' that he was, it-might not be the wisest thing todrivehim out of sight,: Indeed. it might be better if he kept him within sight. If he wereonly a aurly, daik-minded yyouth-well, then, he teuben Penwithen-had nothing to bother about. Still, he wotld watch, and that closely, so closely that nothing, however sma!l, should escaro his notice. So far his mind was settled ; but he was not quite free from the influences of the night before. That will still troubled him, as it had done over since old Margery had died Presently he gave a start and looked up. It was only Nick; Liddicoat, one; of hi. brother.in-law's esrvants; and before Nick came no Reuben had conceived a plan. "Nick," he said, "take my horse back to Carloggas stables. I'll call for him in about an hour." "Ies, sur,': rplied Nick, who led the ani mal away until he had got out of Rsuben's sight. then he.jumped,onmbfs back, ' j'et to zee of he'codien ride a gentleman's hoss." As for Bonbhn, he hurried down the eliffe, eand'pesently came to the sandy beach. He hurried along a litle way until he came to the care into which he had gone nineteen years before. He had the will with himthen, and he waas.wnderirg what. he should do with it. To.ay he was still undecided. fie entidrd. the cave. ,Its mouth stood behind- great rocks, and was thus hidden from ilew. He had discovered it when a boy. He believed then, as he believed now, that no one knew of it but himself. The floor was covered with hard dry sand. The sea never entered except at high tides, while the water never reached the extreme nd of it. He lit a match and looked around. He examined theroof and sides, feeling along carefully, with his hands. Presently his hand went into a hole in the side of the cave. How the hole had been made he did not know, bet he knew that such holes in cares were common. Yes, he could just touch the end. IHow quiet it was in there I Outside the waves surge I and meaned, but there all was difEarent. The nearest house was half amile away, and the cave was unknown. He sat down on a stone and remained there thinking f-r an hourne or more. His mind seemed made up, and he came outside and looked around. No one was near, no one sow. , Then he went back to Oarloggas with a look of confidence on his face. That dayIshmaelstarted to work at Tommy Trethewy's, and he, in spite of his interest in his work, made many plans about the future, not knowing what Beuben Penwithen had determined upon. , (Tobe scontinued.) 