Keep Out of the Past. Keep oat of the past I for its highway! Are damp with malarial gloom Its gardens are sere, and its forests are drear, And everywhere moulders a tomb ; Who seeks to regain its lost pleasures Finds only a rose turned to dust, And its storehouse of wonderful treasures Is covered and coated with rust. Seep out of the past, it ie hannted, He who in its arenaes gropes Shall find there the ghost of a joy priced the most, And * skeleton throng of dead hopes. In place of its beautiful riven Lie pools that are stagnant with slime, And those grares gleaming bright in the phos phorous light Cover dreams that were slain In theif prime. Keep oat ot the past i it it lonely And barren and bleak to the view. Its fires have grown cold, and its stories are old, Then, tarn to the present, the new t To-day leads you op to the hill tops, That are kissed by the radiant sun, To-day shows no tomb—all life's hopes la bloom— And to-day holds a oriee tc be won. —ElU WhttUr Wilcex, Saw the Thing Through—" Sow are you, Charley," said one traveller to another in New South W«le». "When hara job been?" " Been visiting." 41 Where?" " In Sydney." " Indeed I I suppose yott went all {be nunda." " You bet I did." "Saw the Parliament Homes and went iown the harbor and all that aort of thing "Yes, and I was down in bed tor two weeke with malaria. Oh, I tell you I didn't miss any of it." The Other One.—" 80 you have got a »tep-mother T " «he said to the little girl of seven. "Yea." " Well, I feel sorry for you." " Oh, you needn't do 'that," replied the little one. " Please feel sorry for pa I " f A cheap thing in summer hats—a dude'fl head. Philosophy That Means Well-—"My dear friend, how were you able to acquire •uch an immense fortune ?" " By a very simple method." "What method iB that ?" _ " When I was poor I made out that I was rich, and when I got rich I made oat that I was poor." She Was Still There.—"And so your father has gone to a missionary station t" " Yes; we are. quite alone now." " Don't you inks the directing hand of Four houBehold-i" *' Oh, mother didn't so I" A Melbourne policeman declares'that ne had to handle about as many pieces oi male matter as they do' at the post-office. Some onasafs the aget>f »jpolitieal party ^ma'^bet^ 1>y Its-Slags.; ** ■ ' ^ U . 