AN INTERESTING CASE. DISTURBING A CHURCH SERVICE. At the City Police Court on Monday morn- <*> ing Charles West, an elderly, respectable, well-dressed man, carrying a bouquet in one hand and wearing another large one in the front of bis black tail coat, was charged with being a pauper lunatic. Constable Beckmann said he caw the de fendant at St. Peter's Cathedral at 8.20 oa Sunday morning, and when changing him with the offence be said—"l am not disturbing (Jus congregation, I am God's son, my name is Jesus Christ. I take this deliberate action in order to be brought before the bench, as I want to have the cause stirred op." Peter Martin, one of the congregation, said that when the sacrament was being adminis tered West walked op the aisle gesticu lating, saying that the sacrament was being carried out all wrong and that it was not only unnecessary but also a sin. The prisoner—" Which it is.") The service had to be 6topped on account of his conduct. _ The defendant, when asked for an explana tion, spoke in a quiet, sensible, and^gentle manly manner and said —"I am obliged by a sense of duty to act in the manner I have done. It is a sin for ministers to offer the preciouf blood of Christ as a sacrifice when they reject my evidence that lam the anointed, the Son of God, chosen to restore the personal reign of the Saviour upon earth. You have received a letter, sir, from me on the subject, and the Chief Justice has this matter in contemplation." The defendant was referred to Dr. fiwbank for examination, but was pronunced sane. The following statement was handed to the S.M. by Mr. West: —"To J. Gordon, Esq., presiding magistrate of Adelaide Police Court. Dear air—Z hare been compelled by a deep sense of the great responsibility resting upon me to live tor the glory of God and the welfare of toy fellow- creatures to take the most sacred action in the sight of God and man I can take, and, which is the means of bringing me before this ccurs of justice for the purpose of m«H?ig public the great wrong X am laboring under and the terrible insult that is continually being offered to Almighty God our Heavenly Father by the leaders of the Christian Church in these colonies in offering op and pleading the atoning sacrifice of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ for the buib of mankind, when at the same time they are Betting at naught and rejecting the Bpecial and Divine evidence supplied by the Divine power and agency of the Holy Ghost, in conjnnction with the information contained in the Word of God, and brought before theii attention from time to time for the past 30 years by me in the form of printed, written, and verbal evidence concerning the Divine in tention of immediately removing those emblems of the nersonal shame and sufferinge of our blessed Redeemer by the introduction and institution of His second manifestation and personal reign on earth, and that in oon sequence of their rejection of this Divine evi dence the tacred and precious matter is looked upon and has actually been treated by the Victorian Government as if it were an insane delusion, so that the alarming em sgain?fe which oat Blessed Redeemer ha? warned His people against the danger of committing is actually now in roll operation, while this cruel rejec tion of the frtrit? of His own moat precious, divine, long-eontinned, priceless information is treated with derision end rejected with con tempt, bo that it is easy to Bee, your worship, that the great atonement wrought ontbyHira- Belf is Quite inefficient to cancel this cruel eon of rejecting the Bpecial work and efforts of die Holy Ghost the Comforter, which involve the glory of God and the future welfare of the Whole race of mankind. Therefore lam divinely impelled to take action, your worship, so that it niav be publicly known what danger the nation is really in of being visited by-some manifestation of the justangerof Almighty God by reason of the commission of this great sin, also I am impelled by the fervent desires of my heart that steps may be taken to fully and righteously investigate all evidence, some of which your worship has already Been, and more of it is in the possession of bis Honor Chief Justice Way, besides other evidence in possession of Bers. Fletcher and Berry, and other leaders of the church in these colonies. And it is my most earnest prayer and desire that your worship will consider it right that a proper examination should be made into all evidence relating to snch a gloriously proapeotiva national and important event as the second advent and personal reign of the liord Jesus Christ os earth." 