CHURCH OF ENGLAND SERVICES. — Eighth Sunday after Trinity.—Deniliquin, morning aud evening ; Wanganella, morning ; NVarwillah, evening. July 24th. Willurah, evening. July 25th, Moonbria, evening. SCOTCH CHUHCH DENILIQDIN.—The Rev. David Allan will preach next Sabbath morning and evening iu Deniliquin. Morning, "An altar that caused misunderstanding," evening, '-'Why Jesus spnke of the sin against the Holy Ghost." WESLEY AN.—Service will be conducted as follows :—Deniliquin, 11 a.m. and 7.30 p.m., Be v. J. Ward Harrison. FuOTBALt. —The final match to dee'de the Cox trophy, between the Trades United and the Deniliquin Football Clubs, was played on Saturday afternoon last. As was anticipated the match drew a large crowd of supporters of both teams,, andl a liv.ly interest was taken in the game from start to finish. The game itself, was about the roughest we have ever seen played on a football ground;, and footballers should bear in mind that unless they play with a more friendly spirit,, and abide by the Umpire's decisions,.without the hooting and groaning, such as occured on Saturday afternoon la6t,. the life ef football as far at the general pttblie is concerned, will indeed be a short one. We also think that the language of some of the so called barraeker?, during the progress of the game was altogether too strong for ladies to listen toK and it is quite evident that unl°ss a representative of the law is present when the next match takes place^io preserve ord^r, there will be very few spectators present to witness the gaiie. Mr T„ Foster captained the Trades, and Mr D.Stewart tlie Dendiquinites. When the ball was bouDCed„tbe Deniliquio men at once cook it into the Trades territory ^ Hitehina marked and had a try for a goal but waa unsuccessful ; and from this until quarter time, both sides worked like Trogans, and the play was principally in the centre. After changing ends ibe ball was sgain takeD dowD to the Trades end, and G. Outram had an easy shot for a goal, but fell short, and Snellingt tor the Trades, then took the ball round the left wing to the centre,and after some good ruck play, McDonald marked and kicked first goal for the Trades. At half-time the scores were Trades 1 goal 8 betiinds, Deniliquin, two behinds. From ibis out, the ball was kept moving about the centre nod right wing, and only once got dangerously oear the Trade's goal posts, where J. Watson got possession io a scrimmage and punted it through, tbns saving a beating for Deniliquin. When time was called the scores stood Trades, 1 coal three behinds, Deniliquin, 1 goal two behinds, the game thus resulting in a draw. For the Trades. Foster, McDonald, Busst, " Snowy," " Stumpy," Watson, and Simpson played well; and for Deniliquin, Hitebins, Outram, Bourke.l Darwin, Stewart aDd McCulioch. Mr J. Fitzpatrick performed the arduous duties of central Umpire in a satisfactory manner, but should be more severe on the rough players. Messis. A. Watson and Snelling acted as gaol Umpires, and gave satisfaction. As each team had won ene match previously, they wi 1 meet again tins afternoon to decide which club is to gain possession of the trophy. THE WAGGA SHOW.—WE wish .to draw the attention of our jeaders to an advertisement which appears in our advertising columns, o£ the Murrumbidgee P. and A. Society. The prize money to be given away amounts to £1,450, which includes Natianal prizes worth £350. The entries close with the secretary, Mr H. T. Davidson, ou Wednesday, August 23rd, at 6 p.m. HosprTAX REPORT.—Remaining in the Hospital last week, 12 ; admitted, 2 ; discharged, 0 J died 0 ; remaining, 11. . CoKTBACTS.'-The following tender* have been received ov Mr Beere, Road Superintendent. Contract 98-9. H. Warren, £50 ; S. Irvine, £50; H. Cobb, £62 10s; W. Eames, £62 10s; J. K-nn?dy, £62 10-; E. Reynolds, £68 15s; J. Doyle junr, £90 12s 6d. Contract 93-11, S. Irvine, £302 ; H. C iiib, £109; W. Eames, £114 19s; J. Kennedy, £156 14s; James Doyle, £162 17s 6d. Con'ract 93-12 E. Reynold*, £204; J. Kennedy, £221; J. Doyl", £272; W. Emnes, £306. Contract 93- 13, J. C. Taylor,£8413s4Informal) ; H. Chanter, £9t 18s 4d ; H. Warren, £116 15; S. Irvine, £129 : J. Kenedy, £139 6s ; W. Eames, £149. ' 