GENERAL EXTRACTS.= I heard the other day (says a writer ar ''.Truth"') a gododstory of Mr Chauncey Depew, who is regarded by his country men as their best after-dinner speaker. Some one said to him : " We are getting tiredofyourspeeches.A man hasonlyto put acoin mnthe slot when he gets a dinner,and then up comes the speech." " That," re' plied Mr Depew, "is the difference between you and me; with you the coin produces a speech, and then up comes the dinner." It was a clever specimen of French? courtly wit (says " Piccadilly ") that story recently told in the Paris " Figaro " L the reply of Admiral Riounier to the 'Queen of Italy when she recently visited. the French man-of-war La Formidable. i n the Admiral's cabin the Queen , :marked a long list of the officers of th e fleet enclosed in a handsome frame. of the period of Charles X., and contain ing among its other ornaments a regal rot rn. Above this. however, she noticed. the } uortrait of President Carnot. "Andc howd 'oes your President like to be placed so nea r this emblem 7" asked the Queen with a smile as she pointed out the cir umsat ice. i "Be has no objection, promtlh ' replied the Admiral, "' for does not your' Majesty perceive that his crown is at his ft .et." .What is known in Russia (writes an Odessa corr. esnondent) as the wolf season commences 1 yith the early auntunm and continues unt ii late in the spring. The last year for " -hici"statistic? ot the depre dation s comm itted by the wolves are givein are 'sni.: .fiiently remirtkable. Is. one year. alone' ,'according to the data'_ carefully collect" ed'by 'provihcial govere-r ' nort, the total le ; a of dodbmestic animals bT wolves.amounted, to 800,000 head,. valued at 8,000,000 ron bles, which is about equal to one yea r's wolf tax revenue. As an evidence t hat the number of wolves .does not al ipreciabley decrease,. the Government of Olonetz is cited where wolves and bears. destroyed fe 1875, 6785 head ; in i? 380, 5322 , in 1885 5156; and in 1880, 5, ,600. In none of' the above-mentioned ft ;overnmenta does the number of wolves at inuaily destroyed. average more than one ht indred, and these are generally the vounger arimals not yeft trained to the crafty tact ics of the older: wolves and pack leaders. An exciting, incident is . reported from Bordeaux. A travelling n lenagerie had established itself in the otsakii 's of the city near the Pare et Jardin d'A celimatation. During the feeding-time one of the lions managed to evade the keepers and escape from its cage. It ran downr the boule vard, : to the. .consternation of the passers-by, and suddenly turner 3 into a' by street. 'Hereit:attacked a hers e, seizing it by the neck. The horse, haroes red to a hay cart, plunged and kicked, and tl le police, began firing with their revolvers at t, he lion, which, hdwever, was not injured, for s ie soon as' it had had its fill of horsefie sh it turned to continue its promenade. A 1 onng mani then endeavored to lasso the beast,.and at length lodged the noose about the nee k of. the lion, which was then dragged, h.alf at'rangled, back to its deo.-"St. Jamte'a Gazette." Dr Rice, who has been visiting tlh publio schools in various large cities of' the United States, paying special attentions to the capacity of teachers as revealed in{ the examination of pupils, sketches thes followimg scene, which he himself wit-: nessed in a school in Cincinnati :--In one' of the pieces read the word "merchant " appeared. " What is a merchant 1' the: teacher inquired, after one of the children. lind read the word. "A merchant is a tailor," answered one. "A merchant is a man who keeps dry-goods stores," said another. "A merchant is a man what. buys cheap and kin sell deani,' remarked. a third. At last ~a little boy, with a. triumphant air, cried out : "A merchant is a man what'selle goods." The teacher corrected none of these mistakes in Ian gnage; but when one of the children had. read the sentence, "I broke the glass and. I will pay.. for it," the teacher said. "What mistake did lie makel"' "'Teacher," answered one, "he said. 'glass.' and ihe ought a' said 'glare.' r "Right," said the teacher. Another scene was in a Buffalo school. Whets all was quiet, one of thie pupils called. out, "I ain't got no ruler." In answer to this the teacher, without correcting the' child's language, said, "You don't need a ruler. Do it the way you 'done' itf yesterday." Here, is a ghost story which'(says the London. correCnondent of the Manchester' " Courier") may be commended to the Psychical Society. 'A gentleman arrived. one evening on a visit for the first time to .a. old 'country house. As he was going upstairs to change for dinner, her obherved an. elderly man, dressed. in the costume of' the eighteentl century, come down one passage, walk along another, and enter an open door. The occurrence struck' hbi as being peculiar, and at dinner hoemen tioned it to one of the daughters of the house. She appeared much interested, and questioned him minutely as to the features and costume of the apparition. Later in' the evening ho was taken into a room, led up to a picture and asked, "Doa you see any resemblance? " Tne likeness was exact, and lie then learned' that the original of the portrait was an admiral who had died in his country's service ia 1720 or thereabouts. Still more strangely, the gallant sailor had been reported ta " walk" about 50 years ago, but had ap parently ceased his peripatetic habits until seen by this perfect stranger. 