ENGLISH AND FOBEIGN ITEMS From the.Iatest; Eriglish filcs 'to hand wo.. ..tttkb ;','the.: following' 'interesting ileiris';Af - i' ! A man who served in- the (Peninsular war has just died at Brewood; aged 101. ! Pneiimatio hubs to the wheels- of -bi cycles are to' take tho place of pneu matic' tyres. ' ' ;/" ' . .- !' Ariongineor propbseb to'light Gonstan- tinoplo electrically 'By, meansripf power derived from the motion of the sea. ; :- ; At a bicycle , race -near London . -.the winnor kept up a speed of 20-rinilcs for 12'consecutivo hours. i Duke Alfred has, come "into £15,000, which jvas'IdiscbverbdV in, one' of the .castles of his predecessor, the! late Duke of .Coburg. ; , . -J- The leading tradesmen of .South-: hampton have passed a resolution ( re1;' cording their1 Opinion that GhriBtmas boxes should be abolished. ' i An inmate 'of; Westorn- grceri 1 alms-1 houses has just celebrated hor centenary, five generations ;of - ! relatives . being, present to do her honor.: ,- -,.,f i -. v 1 The Colchester oyster feast was at tended by 400 guests, including tho Duke of Cambridge -ana' the Lord Moyor of London 12,000.'. oysters were con- sumed<:5-?-L;.. . sycij. A memorial of Father Darnien, ereotcd by the Leprbay' Furidv rfiiaed in this country; ,i jhas been/ unveiled on the island bMolokaiv' the:', scene of his labors.'-'A v MS 'J The Austriari't'Afchquke Ferdinand has been shootirig-iri-lndia, his " bag" including 5 elephants, -'yi buffalo, 48 bucks, 80 wild boars, ilo tigers, and 17 jackals. Tho eight-year- oldrKirig, of Spain is no longer regarded fps'Aoj ohild; In future he is to occupy' his' own' apart- mcnts.in the. palaces, . and will. have . a household of his own. ' ' : .- A hundred' tombs have been laid bare iri the isle ofiSqlamis; whioh dato'back hundreds of years before , Christ, the city on which they stood being referred to byiHoiner.': ' i \ !-i -i ij ) On' thb ' Highland 1 railwriy ' the other day two earls, a countess, two Cabinet Ministers, , and- an admiral, with:, their respective families, were'' third- class passengers in ono train. " .. ,-J ANewmarket lady who fell and broko her leg while dancing has commenced an action against her partner, to whose: alleged clumsiness she attributes the accident.- ; .t .'< » -, Monday, October 0,.was Chicago Day at the World's Fair, and ('750,000 per-1 sons entered tho (gates'; '."Several lives were lost in the orush, and 250 injured people had , to be taken to.the1ho3pital.-r The police iri Aberdeen Have brough t a charge of cruelty against two Jews 'on the ground that recently,, at the opening, of a. Jewish synagogue, they slaughtered a bullock " after the Hebrew. fashion." . A statue of General Gordon has been unveiled at-Gravesend, where he resided for six years." It is "of terra-cotta, the General being represented as holding in his hand the cane which' the. Chinese soldiers called his. " wand of victory." Dropsy is said to have been uninten tionally oured by an infusion of toad in wine.. . Toa'ds dried- arid reduced ' to powders were, it seems, regarded by the ancients as a .eure for this and other maladies. 1 f- ' " Is a man old at 50?" his been the subjeot 'of 'a' newspaper correspondenee. One man, aged 51, declared his readi ness to rim, swirii,- or box the average man of 25.1 Another in his' 68rd year can run1 for riiiles, and rocently.rode GO miles in one day on a trioyole.i ; . - ;. Ari international yacht race at- New York for the America cup created con siderable excitement. Lord Dunraveri's yaoht, Valkyrie, which crossed 'the . At- lantio'iri' hope of. bringing home- the trophy, was - however; - beaten: by- -;the Vigilant, an American yaoht. ' ; - Tho servants arid visitors at Hampton Court Palace still insist, that '""ghosts" of superbly dressed -women, supposed to be.Heriry Vlli's wives; haunt the rooms". A night watchmari1 in the' grounds' is said to have . beeri so , alarmed at /the sight. b£: "an ..apparition' /.that .„hb -has .resigned his post. '" ' . The- Duke of Sutherland is 1 being urged by the County GounqiL to reopen the goldfields on his . Scotch Estato . in order to 'ive reniunerative einploymerit. Thegoldfiold8. have .been closed:. for years, but 'it' is thought 'they 'would prove -productive if the latest riiaoh'mery were' used. 1 ' . A party . . of ' gentlemen visited the village of Boulge, Suffolk; ; and planted rose-trees at the grave of Edward Fitz- gerald,. pbbt arid translator of the' works of Omar' Khayyam; a Persian chronicler of .the 'llth century. ; Seeds "for - the .trees' were pioked from bushes-'growi'ng riear thb'tomb'of Khayyam in Persia.-- ' A hoy aged- 14 .has just! been landed at Hull,- who was the only living person found at sea on a sinking smack, " The vessel had been iri collisiohj and the' lad was, injured. On reoovering - corisoipusr ness ho found himself alone and, the vessel sinking. For two days he worked at the pumps, .- and was at' "' length pioked up by' a passing vessel.', , Aftor all, the Rpyal .hubkhounds .are to hunt, tame stags for another season. Tho Humanitarian League -have drafted a bill which is likely ; to dome beforb Parliament, , i.i proposes to , include riot only any stag arid fox, but overy. rabbit, haro, and ottor. in -the category ! of domestic- animals - proteoted by ' law, provided- suoh animals havo' been, cap tured and kopt in confinement. A steam whaler passed last winter in the Polar ice. and, aided by an open sea, worked her way , this summor in pursuit' of wlmlos to within 'G iildgrces (414 miles) of tho polo, the most northerly - point man has yet reached. Had ho been 'provided with dogs anil a sledge,, the captaiji. would have, made an effort to reach the Polo, No fowor than; throb' expeditions are oil theh'-way to the Pole. Lieutenant Peary ip-, accompanied - by bis wlfoi' and pho wiil rcinaln at a lonely' camp in GreenlaqdnbQoinpa'riled hyihbr maid, while the' party\niako their -ex-! ' plorations. , .Carrier pigbijns will, it is '. expected;: convey messages to her from "the party. .-0:1 i ii 