A SOLDIEB'S SECRET. By Cnpt. Charles King. Copyright. Published by special arrange ment.) Continued from last week. CHAPTER VUL Letters from tho front! What joy and comfort they bring!— for every writer seems bent op convincing tho anxious ones at home 'that there is no danger end little disoomfort, after all. Telegrams end brief notes have been ralnh-'g in ever smee tbe departuro o! tho regiment, but now tho two bat talions oro reunited under Forqnhor's command; thoy havo got ahaken down into a species of winter cantonment with a goodly number of comrade troops and troopers from tho- threatened de partment. The woathor has not been nnnsnally sevoro; this far. Hon and horees Btoodtbo trip 'admirably, and no body growled at. stiffened fingers and red noses and benumbed feet as they rode in long column from the railway to the agency, and, now that fuol has been lnggod up in abundance and fur caps and "blizzard costs" are coming and the Indians hovering about tho camps seem dooply iinprcssod with tho numbers and readiness of tbo white soldiors and nil promises well, the letters grow longer and more frequent. '"It 1» my brother." ; "Wo are doing first rate, BOss doar," Wrote Berrion, "and all oro hopeful that with tho surroundlng.of tho big bond of hostilea in the Bad River valley tho most uncertain featnyo of tho business is at an end. If they can bo quietly horded in to tho reservation nnd induced to give up all their, aims and ponies, thero will bo no further trouble. The health and Bplrit of thq'regimpnt ore ex cellent, and, while I hopo no emorgoncy will arise, I can bet that if thoro should bo a shindy tho Twelfth will give good account of itsolf. Farqulinr keeps ns on the alert and thero is no rusting. Gor- hnin has joinod from leavo, so that Brewster, to his infinite disgnst I doubt not, has had to fall back to second plnco. He and Rolfe aro about tho only gloomy spirits in tho command, and of Browstcr I see very littlo. Eyor sinco tho opisodo of which I told you und hor most signifi cant appearanco at tho depot ill town while wo wore being . switched to tho northbound track I havo not felt liko having anything to do with him. How do you Bnpposo she heard of our move, since sho loft the hop beforo any one knew of it? Thero wore a few other ladies there, I admit, for thoy wore still with us when tho orders enmo, and it hod cleared by tho time we reached tho depot. Sho, however, Beemed 'to hang' on to him and nobody cleo to tho very lost I am distressed at what yon tell mo about Winifred, and the more I think of it tho more I am disposed to urgo your in stant acceptance of Miss Gutlirio's in vitation. It will be tho very host anti dote I know of — a few weoks in St. Lonis society — if she has indoed, as yon fonr, become interested in him. Go by all means; it will do you good — do Win ifred a world of good (get hor somo new gowns, and tnko in all the partios and all tho gayety you possibly can), .and it will.be a good thing for Miss Guthrie too. "Now, this is strictly entro nous. Holden 1b worried nbout hor, and in conrso of a long talk wo had last night ho rshowed me a letter just received from Mrs. Holden. Of courso sho is all npset by his having to take the field, ond wants to leave tho children with her mother and como.up hero to him, but" she couldn't bo in oamp and thero isn't a room to he had at tho railway station. The place is jnst crammed with newspaper men nnd quartermas ter's peoplo. Mrs. Holden writes that over since tho night of that queer ad venture of hers at tho fort Nita has been unlike herself — strange, nervous, almost hysterical at times. She will permit no allusion to it, and sooms striving to forget it all. Sho goes every where, morning, noon and night, bnt looks hnggard nnd ill. I gather from what Holden said that, ns you' once sur mised, there was un old affair which may havo had something to do with her persistent refusnl of ovory offer; hut what that could havo had to do with hor fright nt Pawnee I cannot iinngino. Holden agrees with .mo, however, that it would bo a capital thing if you and Winnio would pay hor tho visit sho urges; so again, I say, go by all means. "By tho way, 1 wish yon would run 1 over und soo Mrs. Thorpo na often as you can. Hor lottors liavo a depressing effect on tho captain. Ho tells mo tho only insuranco ho has In all tho world is in tho Army mutual, hut throe thousand dollars would hardly pay their debts and tako care of them for a yenr if any thing were to happen to him. Don't bo alarmed by nowspupcr stories of tho lighted skies nnd howling ghost dancers. Indians will danco all night on any prov ocation, and our fires light tho skies quite us much us theirs. Sergeant Ellis, who volunteered to push through with dispatches to Butler's command somo- whero on tho other sido of tho Bad Lands, got back all right this morning ond says ho had hardly any difficulty in working a way through tho hostilcs. That follow, I think, is going to mako a name for himself in this campaign. Ho is nlwuys ready for anything that turns np. "I hear that Brewster nnd Ridgoway havo had a row and do not speak. Somo of tho boys know what it's all about, but won't tell me. Do you know? Now, nnlcss you wire to tho .contrary, I shall address my next care of Hon. Warren L. Gnthrie, St. Louis." Tiion Kenyou got a letter. He was now commanding ofiioer of tho post, and rtss unremitting in bis thoughtfnlnoss ind attention to the households of tho , ibsent officora. It was Rolfd who wrote to him, and Kenyon was well nigh ot bis wita' ond in tho endeavor to conjeo- cure what'-itjill meant. "You remombor my saying I could find that stolen picture if I could but have authority to search one room at the post. It is my conviction still that tho man who goes by the namo of Ellis was tho thief. Ho hod a look box ot tlio post- office in town, number twenty-three, and letters have been forwarded to him here by the postmaster, two of which wore not addressed to Sergeant Ellis or to G. B. Ellis, Twelfth cavalry, but to Ralph Erroll, box twenty-three. When ho returned from detached service this morning the sergeant major handed him bis mail and asked him if those addi tional letters wore his. Ho turnod red, then palo, but said yes. Both tbeso were from Louisville, as I happen to know; both were addressed in tho samo hand — that of an educated woman— and there is no doubt in my mind that this Ellis or Erroll has a screw looso in his record. Brewster knows something of his past, but refuses to tell. It is of vital impor tance to mo. to find ont who aud what ho is, for I bolipve him to havo been guilty of a crime beside which tho theft of that picture is as nothing. "Now, I want you to do something for me. A man will call on you within a few days, presenting a letter of intro duction from mo. Ho is a detective from Chicago. He has certain inquiries to make at the post and in town before going to Louisville, and it should not be known that he is a detective at all. Give him overy facility in your power. Intro duce him to the postmaster as a friend of mine, if you prefer it, and let him oo- cupy my quarters while ot tho garrison. Ho will wont to see the firehouse and apparatus and all about Holden's quar ters. Kathleen is theifc in charge, and Holden has no objection, though ho pooh poohs the efforts I am making to got at tho bottom of this strange busi ness. I hope I am not asking too mach of yon. "I saw Hoarn lost evening, just in from a ten days' Bcout with Lane'B squadron over toward theW akpa Shicha. Ho asked after yon and sent cordial re gards.' Thero are two other fellows here who were on their honeymoon tour when their regimonts were ordered to tho-fleld. It reconciles ono to being a bachelor almost." Tlio major put tho letter down and pondored long, perplexed and annoyed. Ho hod known Rolfo but a short time, and had learned to know him mainly through Holden. He knew him to bo resolute, positive, oven aggressive at times. Ho admired his soldierly quali ties and respected his ability. But when finally he rose from his desk after stow ing that letter away old Kenyon ex pressed himself about as follows: "That fellow needs a wife. He is too much ac customed to having his own way. I'll bo hanged if I'll do any dotective work for bim or anybody else. If Holden' wants his house searched, Holden can say so." Two days later the major had the mournful pleasure of escorting Mrs. and Miss Berrien to the train, and as it steamed away eastward a . man who hod stepped from the day car as Kenyon placed his fair charges on the sleeper came forward and handed him a note addressed in Rolfe's characteristic hand. "I know who yon are," said Keqyon. "Yon will find me at my office in the garrison whon you got up there." Aud stopping into tho waiting wagon ho hade tho driver go ahead, leaving tbo detect ive to como up in tho post stage. That evening he wrote a short letter to Rolfo, and the gentleman from Ohi- oago indited a long one — both of which would have served to surprise that calmly superior soldier not a little had thoy reached him in dne course of mail, which, however, they did not. It was somo time before ho saw them at all, for whon they were nnloaded from tho mailbags at the wintry cantonment Rolfo, with Berrien's battalion, was miloa away. Getting no reply to his missives and little encouragement at the post, the strange civilian suddenly departed after three days' apparently aimless stay, and the next heard of him was in the shape of a letter from Louisville. Could Major Konyon procure for him anyhow, any- wliore, a photograph of 8ergcant Ellis? No, Major Konyon conidn't, and was very short in snying so. And now December was come, and tbo air was crisp and keen in tho valley of tho Pawuoo, tho sunshine radiant and sparkling; but far to tho north tho win try winds wore howling about the flimsy cantonment and whirling the snow through every cranny and crack, and tho long nights on outpost and picket were hitter cold. But through it all tho various battalions of horso were sent scouting in turn around tho resorvation. and more and more tho young warriors dribbled away from tho agencies and wero next heard of wolcomud with ao- clamatioiiB by tbo savage hosts in tho fastnesses ot tho Bad Lands, and every hour increased tho prospect of sharp lighting in the near future. But all the letters to tho anxious hearts ot home wore full of hopo and cheer, full of prophecy that everything would soon be settlod. Tbe reuogado bands wero ull "located" aud being slowly lieminod in. Tho Twelfth would eat its Christmas dinner ut Pawnee after all, thoy liopod. And in St. Louis Miss Gutlirio was ox- orting herself to soo that her charming guests were having tho loveliest kind of a time. Dinners, luncheons, cards, thea ters and douoing parties followed in quick succession. The now gowns were being mado lis fast. as famous modistes could evolve aud construct them, and Winifred was rushed from one scene of gayety to another. "Nothing could havo been more charm ing than our welcome," WTote Mis. Ber rion to her beloved Diok, "nothing more delightful than tho round of entertoin- monts to which we aro bidden. One has hardly timo to think. As for writing, this is the first opportunity I have en- |oyed in throe days, and wo aro home from the theater bht half an hour. Mrs. Holden comes over overy day, and we exchange snoh news as we havo of tho door old regiment and tho dearer onqs Who aro our especial property. She is . what I call a genuine woman, and I liko her mo to and more. I must tell yon something I learned through her. The day after our arrival wo were in tho library, and my attention was attracted by a large portrait, apparently a orayon oopy of a photograph, that hung over tho iuontal. It was of a singularly handsome young mah, and I know at onco ho must ho a Guthno. 'It is my brother,' said Nita, in such a sad, con strained tone, 'takon jnst a few weeks before' hiB dpatli six years ago/ Of course I coold Osk no more, hut Wini fred and I both noted how utterly hor faco ohaDgod, how unspeakably dis tressed a look come Into her eyes. Wo could see then why Mrs. Holden should havo said sho was hnggard ond ill, nnd yesterday Mrs. Holdon told me some thing of his story. He was barely twen ty-two, tha idol of tbe family and im mensely popular In society. Ho was as sistant cashior in one of tho big hanks here, and ono day the sudden discovery was made that in some mysterious way quite a large Bum was missing, money for which ho was responsible, hut ho could not account for it; neither could anybody else. The matter was investi gated thoroughly. "They hod deteotives everywhere, ond absolutely nothing could ho brought up against young Guthrio. Ho never gam- hied, never dissipated in any way, was a model son and brother. Nita was wild with indignation at his having been .even Buspected. Mr. Guthrio offered to make good tho sum twice over if need he, ond to hind himself for all his .wealth to establish his hoy's honor, ond for three or four days all was excite ment, and then, in tho midst of it, poor Jack was found dead in his room, a half empty bottle of chloral by his bed side. The world said suioido, guilty con science, etcetera, hut Nita ond others knew that he had not slept a wink since ' the discovery of tho loss and was crazed with misory. They have always main tained it was an aocidontal overdose. But it nearly hroko Mr. Guthrie's heart, and it was three years before Nita would go into society in St. Louis again. They went to Europo and staid there ever so long. . "What makes it soem probable that he was unjustly suspected was that the bank dismissed its cashier, Jack's most intimate friend, a man two 'or three years older than himself, and a devoted admirer of Nita's. It was even sup posed that Bhe was engaged to him. Ho had no wealthy friends to stand up for him, and Jack's death made it ap pear as though. there had been guilt; and yet such a sum could not well have been made away with except by the knowledge or collusion of the cashier himself, and though proofs were lack ing, he was discharged Hie very day poor Jack was trariod. No one knows whatever became of him afterward, aud people settled down Into the belief that this Mr. Word en was the real thief. But now comes the strangest part of it all. The president of the hank was a widow er who, for two years, had been a Buitor of Nita's, a persistent suitor, despite her marked coldness and aversion. Fonr monthp ago rumors began to float us to tho stability of the bank; then camo a run, a panic; the hank had to close its doors; immediate investigation into its affairs was made, and then camo the discovery that tho president had been a heavy speculator and had unquestion ably used the funds of the hank to cover his losses. They fonnd his body in tho river fonr days afterward, floating down by tho old barracks, whore j ou ond I had such a happy winter twenty years ago. People say now that it was President Percival himself all the timo, and that he threw snspicion on young' Guthrie because ho knew the father would eagerly pay any sum to cover the loss and hide the shame; bnt Jack's death balked tho scheme. "Do you wonder now that Nita is sometimes overwrought and nervous? - ' Poor girl! who knows what she has suf fered? Who, to see hor in society, would dream that Bhe had ovor suffered at all? Do you suppose Captain Rolfe did not hear all about this when he was here sn recruiting service? ,'Now you ask me to toll yon every thing about Winifred Is sho happy? Is ' she getting over hor disappointment? I do not know jnst what to say. She Is always bright and apparently joyons In society; always grateful for overy kind ness and attention shouu uer; bnt she is rarely alone one minute from morning until late at night, and I cannot be sure. Sho never speaks of htm; and in all the whirl of social guycty hero, ond tho at tention she roccivea ou every side, I think, I hopo, she may forget hor girl ish sentiment. Time will show." Time might hove shown, hut timo was not accorded. Coming home late ono night from a delightful dance their car riage stopped outside tbo massivo porto- coclicro of tho Guthrie homestead in- Btoad of driving right in. "What is it, James?" asked Miss Guth rio. " Anothor carriage hore, miss. I think it's Mrs. Holden just getting out," "Jennio hero! Why, how odd! Sho weut homo half an hour before ws started." It was Jennio, with a grave, anxious faco, at sight- of which Mrs. Berrion fairly sprang from the carriage. "You - have ill newB, Mrs. Holdcu. What is it? Tell me at once." "This has jnBt come from my hus band," was tho trembling answer as sho hold forth a telegram: "Major Berrion'a wound serious, but not fatal. Mrs. Ber rion must not ho alsrmod. Do not be lieve sonsational newspaper reports of disaster. Wounded doing well." CHAPTER IX. Pursuant to his orders, Major Berrien, with his battalion of the Twelfth, had been scouting the open country that lay to the northeastward of the cantonmont. So alarming hod the sitnation heoome, so significant if not aotually defiant wm the manner of tha Indians whose lodges were pitched all over the prairie otound too agency that ' the cummand-j ing general had caused intrencbmejjts to be thrown np on overy ridge over-| looking that threatened settlement. Ad-, dit'onal troops, including a stroDg foro.O| of infantry and detachments of light artillery, had been sent to the sceno.i Hotchkiss and field guus were position commanding tho Indian cqpybl and night and day tho earthworks Wore heavily manned and sentries and out- poste guarded evory approach. Meantime tho main body of the hos tilea was still ghost dancing and howl ing through tho wintry n:„ht far over to the north among tho breaks and chasms of tho Bud Lands, so strong in numbers and so Bocnre from assault within the lines of their natural fortress as to laugh to scorn all premonition of disaster. Runners had gouo to every tribe urging concerted action and united revolt. Evory day brought new acces sions, and all that was needed to enable them to bid dofiance to the enciroling force tfraB the arrival of tho great bands that had brojfpn away from the reserva tions along tho Missouri, followers and would bo avengors of tho old chieftain, Sitting Bull, who had dlo(l in harness, a rebel to tho last. Brulo and Ogallalla, Uncpapa' and Minneconjou — hore were tho warriors, re-enforced by many a new grown son, who had fought t;e white soldiers summer after summQr, time and again, in the bloody days oil tho decade past — the Brales espeoialty, onco restrained by tho wisdom of old Sintogallflka, now ripe for any deviltry, and well nigh unanimous for war to the knife. Without noteworthy incident, Ber rien's command had circled around to tho eaBt of the sacred lines of the reser vation, had spent a day or two explor ing the breaks and ravines of a doyen little streams flowing into the Wakpa Wnshtay, had located trail after trail of travois, pony and lodge pole tracks, had scoured tho wide valley of the main stream, but without sight of a single warrior, much less a war party. The still smoking ruins of two ranches told, howevor, of recent visitation, and the hoof marks of cattle mingling with tho pony tracks pointed unerringly whither the spoil had been driven. Meantime, while nothing could be seen of thejrily rod man, every hour gave now proof that their own movements were closely observed. Signal smokes went puffing skyward on almoBt every side, and the night sentries declared that twico jnst before dawn of two successive morn ings they had dimly seen shadowy horsemen darting over tho neighboring ridgos and had heard the thud of nimble hoofs. Even in the faded gray of the bunch grass, even on tho hard froftn ground, experienced eyes oould find cor roboration of the story. Almost In the face of the foremost Sioux hU revolver blazes its challenge. Daring Indian scouts were ever pn Ihoir flanks and front and rear, making »o overt movo against them; but keep ing the hostilo camp fully Informed of everything that was being done pnd watching restlessly for opportunity to sut off every straying charger, to out down evory straggling man. Knowing nil this full well, Berrien had given striot orders — neither officer nor trooper was permitted to leavo the column by day nor tbo bivounc by night; and now, its mission accomplished, tlio column had started on return march, and up to this timo no casualty had occurred. So long ns the isolated battalion was mov ing toward the hostile camp, nearing every hour the overwhelming array ot the onemy and separating itself farther end farther from friendly supports, na bar had been put to its progress. But now the Indian scouts could see that it was turning back, probably in the hope tt regaining the cantonment unmo lested. It was a sunshiny December after- xoon; tho air was us clear as a bell, the clouds that obscured tho eastern sky at dawn had long sinco drifted out of sight, aud iu all its broad expanse tho pale bluo vault of the heavens wore not so much us u feather of vupor. Who that rodo in the laughing, chatting, jaunty column that sparkling day could realizo tho change a few hours might effect on Hie silent, breezcless Bolitudes around them? At noon the sun was so warm that many a trooper had stripped off his hoavy overcoat and turned up tho flaps of the rough fur cup. Except in deep ravines hurdly any snow was to ho soon. The dull gray surface of tlie tolling prairio, wave ufter wave, lay basking, and the leafless branches of the cottonwoods overhanging tho frozen pools were glistening, sparkling in tho ufogiving rays. The advance guard, after breaking tlio ice ami treating their horses to a mouthful of water at tho Itreain, had -moved ou at brisk trot, und pow the stalwart riders were spreading Cut in extended order as they breasted the slope. Ont to tlie west, full five hun dred yards, tho wary flankers could bo ceen, some crossing the stream farther down the valley, while other comrades appeared over the barren ridge behind, |hut no sneaking foe might crawl up un observed and send u long range bullet from its shelter down into tlio swarm of troopers at tho ford. So, too, the flank ers to the east and the sturdy little knot sf rear guardsmen just popping up over the divide so recently crossod, all told of ceaseless vigilance ou every sido. Ber rien has not ridden tlis Sioux trail a score of years for nothing. He takes no chancos where the security of his com mand is concerned, and has small op igj Ion of the leader who aabjeots mem to . needless risk. And now one after another the four troops ride into olose column on tho . northward bank; tho men dismount, un saddle, and presently, with aide lines in linnd, each trooper leading his faithf nl steed, the foar herds are guided to the eparato grazing grounds already chosen and "pro-empted" by wide awake subal terns or sergeants. There the side lines aro carefully adjusted, the bridles slipped off, three or fonr men remain in sad dle as herdgnard and tho horses aro left to graze. Rich with nutriment is that crisp, dry bunch grasp — rich and plontiful. Tho mules of the pack train bray with impatieuco to shed their loads and join their enviod four footed com rades, but presently they, too, follow ing the hell, are streaming out upon the guarded prairie, rolling in luxury upon the frosty earth and kicking their legs in air in genuine delight. From a dozen littlo fires among tho bare limbed cottonwoods tho thin smoke is curling aloft, and tho rattlo of ttn oup and plato and tho jovial voices of the men seem to clamor for their soldier rations. In long rows the saddles and equipments were aligned upon tho turf, each man's carhino and belt at his saddle. Hugo rolls of robes and blankets are unstrap ped and spread to air, and all this timo, wlillo tho troop officers are looking to the comfort and security of their horses, Major Berrien, followed by a single or derly, is riding about from point to point to satisfy himself that tho guards aro stationed wlioro best they can . se cure the bivouac against surprise. Tho ridgo to tho southwest is higher than those which limit the view at other points, and thither Berrien is now riding at easy lope. JRolfe and Hozlett, watch ing him for a moment, exchange an ap preciative nod as they hear from tho group of soldiers at the noarest camp firo some brawny-son of tho old sod re mark, "Just luck at the ould man now; sure it's a smart redskin that will ever get through the pickets he posts." Not since the days of old "Major Slowtrot," old "Pap" Thomas, has there been a battulion commander bettor loved by the rank und file. They know nothing will over induce him to forget one pre caution for their eafety, and reward his care with a loyalty of dovotion good to see. Watching him still furthor, Haz- lett notes that a distant vedette has sig naled, and that Berrien, slowly now, is riding np tho elope to join him. A ser geant has some question to ask at the uiomont, and when Hazlett again looka out to the Bouthwest, major, orderly and vedette have disappeared from view around a little shoulder of bluff. Other vedettes can be seen at their posts on all sides, and a few dismonnted sentries lying prone where, unaoen themselves, they can scan the country to their front. But Hazlett'B curiosity is excited by tho fact that two men, mere specks in tho distance, aro huddling together at the crest half a mile away to the southwest and evidently watching something out at their front and motioning to tho ser geant back with the supports. Presently this trooper, too, trots out to join them. Berrien and his party are still out of sight from camp. ri.mtaln. maV I borrow your field- glasses?" asked Mr. Brewster, swinging up to the fire where Hazlett stands. "I have lent mine to the sergeant of the guard." "Did yon see where tho major went? asks Hazlett by way of reply, as he bands the desired instrument. "I last saw him at tho point yonder. ISb rode around it with Sergeant Ellis and a couple of men, and that vedette must have been calling to him. It seems to me they've been gone some time; so Gorham says I can ride out and find out what it means." "I'd go with you, Brewster, hut my horse is out at herd. Take tho glasses with you, anyhow." Brewster's big black is led up at the moment, and the lieutenant quickly mounts and canters easily away. Meantime, old Berrien, who has noted the signals of tho vedette referred to, kas joined him, with the brief inquiry, "What is it, Scott?" "Why, sir, I was posted here by the sergeant, and ho had no- sooner gone than I saw what I took to be horsemen bt tho valley several miles out yonder to- the south west. The ma jor can see the whole . country from a butte that lies perhaps three hundred yards farther out beyond this ridge. But here comes the sergeant hack, sir." It is Ellis, cantering briskly from the advanced position Scott has designated, and' coining to them now around the. shoulder of the bluff a little to the right. 'Aiat Ellis has seen- something is ovi- deut;' his face shows it in an instant.. "An Indian war party, major, por- bapa a dozen, l-odo from behind a long ridge over to tho west and down into the valley of what I tuko to bo a branch ®f the Porcupine. That butte bides a ood deal of the valley; but wo can see it from there, though." "You thi-ce men come with me," says. EVrrien quietly. "Wo must look into -hie.." Two minutes' lope brings tliem to the busts Ellis has pointed out. Leaving their horses with the orderly, Berrien, dm sergeant and tho- sentinel go crouch ing; up tho hither slope,, tlrrow them selves on the ground and crawl to tho finnmit.. As tho vedette lias said, the vfiol'e country for miles in every direc ton can ho seen— a country of bold con tours, of bare, rounded bluffs and buttos, of deep, shadowy ravines and gulches— a country hare of trees savo the ghostly,, leafless cottonwoods perched by the Banks of many a frozen stream. Miles Mid miles to the north and north-west the wild Indian. land Bpreads before tlioil eyes. Close at hand, tumbling, billowy sjid abrupt, the ridges follow or ihtor- V oept one another in rapid succession.. ' The face of the laud is cut up into- tor- ' tuous "breaks," the deep, narrow beds of countless littlo Btreams, all winding I tributary to tho river that flows placidly away to the northeast in tho broad val- afy from which tho column marched at dawn. Beyond that, wost of north, cSoarly, sharply defiuod in tho distance, rihaady alternating glaring surface and ghostly shade under the slanting rays Of tho westering sun, a tumbling maes of jagged, fantastic shapes, a tangle j of " vertical olifffl and seamed and furrowed walls, a labyrinth of gorges, gullies, washed out ohannels, deep, block crov- iceB, and broad, yawning, > impassable gulfs, tho storied-Bad Lands of Dakota, shunned by all except the ronegado and outlaw in the past, now habitable only by tho Indian. Beyond tlieso, faint and dim in tlio distance, tho snow covered, pine crested summits in the Black Hills. All the rest of tho surface, east, west and south, a frozen sea of gray, glinting hero and there in the declining rays; and there off to tho southwest, perhaps five milea away, lies tho valley into which the party of du9ky warriors has gal loped so short a timo before— the valley beyond which, a long, long day's march away, stands the guarded camp of com rade soldiery, awaiting their roturn. Berrion studies tho scene long and care fully through his glassos. Intormsdiato ridges aro not many, hut they aro sharp and clearly dofined. "Who was it reported that tho ad vance saw signal smokes Bouth of us at noon?" ho asks. "Corporal White, sir; he and two of tho men saw them plainly, and they seemed to bo answered off here. And Ellis points miles away to thowest. Berrien ponders a moment. "Where away would you locate tho agoncy, sergeant, if you were going to tako a boo lino for it?" "Out off here, sir." "And they crossed thatllne going into tho valley?" ' ' "They certainly did, sir, and— Look, major! look yonder! Another hand, and from exactly tho same place," A littlo bevy of dark objootB dart suddenly into view from behind a cur- tainlike divide and goes skimming over a level stretch toward the lowlands of the valley. Borrien'a glasses seem glued to his syes. . \ "Twenty of them in that party! What do they see? What's their hurry? They would not oxposo themselves to our view unless there wero urgent need for haste." . ' "The old road comes in from that di rection, sir," answers EUis. "We left it a few hours out from tho cantonment, as you remsmbor. Can anything havo been seen along that road to give rise to signal smokes?' Berrien turns half over and look# keenly into the sorgeant's intelligent "That road has been abandoned for weeks past. Everybody to the east of us has taken refuge at the railway long since. Nobody would bo coming from that direction." "I know that, sir; but would not any detachment coming from the agency to meet us, for instance, bo apt to keop tho road? I understood wo wero to strike for it in the morning and follow it in." Again Berrien gazes long and earnest ly through tho binooular, "Tliey aro certainly heading for that road and riding at full speed. How many men have, you at this front?" he quickly S"Just eight, sir, all told, but eight mnra ftrA ftlmrtafc wihhitL Call OVef 0X1 our left flank. Yonder fs tho ridger where my men are posted." And Ellis points to their loft rear where lies the low crest. "Just keep a good lookout here, ser geant. I will move them over this way and then ride to the left flank. My horse, orderly." And, thinking deeply- over the matter as he rides, Berrien spurs into a lively canter across an in tervening dip in the prairie. "Somor mischief ahead," he mutters. "They are not speeding np that valleyfor noth ing. We may have to saddle and get over there." Not two hundred yards has he ridden when from the point which he has just quitted there comes a sudden yell of warning, followed almost instantly by two shots in quick succession. Then bangl bang! another two, and, as he whirls about, the first object that meets his. startled gazo is Ellis' himdsome black horse plunging to earth almost at the edgo of a'shallow ravine somo distance out in front of the butte. "My God, sir," cries tho orderly, "Ser geant Ellis is killed L" Berrien's heart bounds. There, face downward upon the &wardr; motionless,, just a few feet away from tho plunging,, doath stricken horseflies tho sergeant/ his carbine dropped from hi9 nerveless hand. At the same instant red, glitter ing, bedaubed with paint, bespangled! with- cheap finery, two young Indian braves lash their ponies into furious gal lop as they shoot up out of the shallow ravine, and .rifles in hand, coupsticks; advanced, race madly toward tho strick en troopor in eager effort to secure the- trophy of their prowess, the coveted scalp of the fallen foe. "Your carbine,. manL'r yells Berrion to hi's orderly- "Quiekl Shoot that lend er!'' And putting spurs to his snorting, horse, reckless of the fact that he is armed only with revolver and that the ravine- may bo full of Indians, tho vet eran soldier drives full tilt at the charg ing braves. He thinks only of tho fact that ono of his men lios prostruto and helpless beforo them. They are almost upon Ellis before Berrion has galloped a rod.. They are within twenty paces of him. whenr with a shout of delight, the major sees linn whirl suddenly over, grasp liia carbine, and, nil in a second,, tho flame leaps from the bronzed muz- zle, tho : foremost warrior drops his- rifle, whirls up a clinching, convulsive hand and topples headforemost out of tho saddle... Scott, tho vedette,, echoes, with another- shot that kicks up the dust close under the second pony's flashing. heelBr Its red rider veers in broad circle to the right, und-iu tho twinkling of ant eye the feathered war bonnet bows low over the pony's stretching neck. Ber rien's bullet whizzes harmlessly above,. , and the major 'himself, borne by tlia rush of his half maddened steed, dashes- on.past Ellis, now kneeling for another shot, and goeB crash into tbo midst of a little . knot . of yelling warriors just bounding up out of tbo gully to tho res cue of thoir stricken comrade. "Bess,- iny wife; Winnie," aro the only words he has time or thought to muttor, for instant death eeems inevitable. But all the old fighting instinct ifl up permost, and almost in the face of the . foremost Sioux his revolver blazes ito challonge, and horso and pony meet in trom'ondous shook, and the lighter steed goes tumbling and rolling over the turf There is chorus of yells, shots, soldier choors, thundering hoofs. Thero is a vision of glittering stoel in front' of hia oyes, of hideous painted face, a sudden sense of stumble and stunning fall, ft shrill whoop of triumph, changing in stantly into the death cry, and while his Brule antagonist goes crashing down, pony and all, Berrien is conscious of the superb leap of a big black charger over . his own prostrate form, of a stentorian . cheer from half a dozen trooper throats, and tho next minute Brewster is kneel ing by his side, raising the honored gray head in his strong young arms, and the voice that thundered in bottle cry but an instant agone is trembling now as be calls for a cautoon of water and bids his half stunned commander not to strive to move " Wo've got two of them, sir, all right," he whispors, breathless, but well know ing that to ho tho best news ho can give. "The rest got away and left a bullet nolo In your shoulder." At a recent meeting of the Sussex Dairy Farmer's Association, Mr F B> Hadley, Hore- hanx Manor, drew attention to tho subject Of the : unrestricted importation of Dutch milk, and moved a motion as foliows, which was unanimously carried That consider ing tho readiness wi(h which epidemic disease can be disseminated by milk, and tho danger not only to our herds but also to human beings, that is consequently being incurred in permitting the unrestricted importation of milk into this country f xom foreign countries in which such, epidemics as cholera, small pox, typhoid, etc., or- pleuro- pncumpnia and foot-and-mouth disease may be rife, this meetiag is of opinion, that this milk should be sold as foreign milk, and no milk should be allowed to be landed at any of our ports from any count ry tbat cannot show a per fectly clean bill of health respecting the diseases of cattle, and unless the dairy, in such countries is under the control of sani tary regulations similar to those in forco in England." In view of thiB action on the part of the British dairy farmers, would it not beadvisable for tho Dairymen's Associa tion ef Victoria to take such action as would rosult in a report being obtained from the chief inspector of stock, showing the con dition of health dairy herds are in. Periodical roports, in fact, certifying to comparative immunity from, disease, enjoyed by the ftry cattle, if suoh, of course, should piovo be be- the case, would materially help to popularise Victorian butter in England On 25th August. 1886, a correspondent of the "London Field" wrote to describe a trial of fifteen and it-half hours which he- hod undorgone with a young horsey which, with in a few days of retarningfrom the breaker's had developed a, trick of jibbing. The owner sat, through the night, from 4 p.m. Saturday to 7 a.m.Sunday "asking the horse" to move on but he declined. At T ajn. he began to bite at the shafts; and rbxli-an-kour later, to kick violsntly; whereupon — to use the owner's words— "I sent tbo groom to cut two good ash plants; when wemadobim movo and sma rtly, too." To this letter three cor respondents replied next week; two giving as a means placing a sack (or other weight) upon the jibhiug horse' s back Both averred that they had cured horses so. On 8th Scptomber, the original correspondent re plied i "I am glad to say that, ever since ourfi ghtr the horse hna- been going on beau- fully. Ho has never jibbed ones; andr when i we eom® to the-' place, rushes past it, as if afraid of being stopped! again. His character in. tho; stable has- completely ohanged He no louger looks defihutlyat youi, witfo an eye full of tempor : and- wickedness but hangs his head,, his oye soft and gent re, and ho looks subdued. I have, now, great hopes that my fifteen hours- in the trap were not spent in vain.?' Any discovery which would cnablo us to determine tho exact amount of moisture would bo a boon to cheesemakers. As shown with the hot iron, the curd should contain 48 per cent of iron. When taken from tho press the cheese should havo 38 per cent of moisture, and when well cured 33 per cent An excess of moisture tends to carry on fer mentation; a reduction to lessen it,- A. low . torn peraturo leaves o Boft pasty cheese; and a high temperature a hard, firm cheese accord ing to the dcgrco of heat. Putrefactive fer mentation must bo avoided. It is the greatest dread of the cheese maker. — "Farmer and Stock Breeder." 