PARS PITHILY PUT. IBdn. Gloom Glo®8' gonfihine. M®y g°ne* j0ne bore. Grand Jury. A bid Lot. ^oolwuahery. Trial by July. Trial by Simpson. p^k'WrecklDg done, p^ies-bunting began. Patterson-banting soon. Mr. Billy Simpson again. Or. H. M. Jones resigned. Bamley bridge suspended, jtitional Bank getting through. The very elements weeping, bat the Cspe of Good Hope oondolee with as. Mysterious fires at Eftst Prahran. y V.P.L. attacked Prahran last night. An iateroolonial Oastoms Union wanted. And Federation .of Australian colonies. „ ^ggyrions came#iown like a wolf on tbe fold*11 jfore about spiritualism in next Satur day's issue. Matthias Larkin committed on three {^ih charges. A lot about Lot in to-day's Soience in $a Pulpit instalment ^rgll done South Africa — teaching Hands Across the Sea. Hr. Thomas Lnxton a candidate for the Windsor ward vacancy. Happy thought— Let Mr. Simpson decide tie Mercantile Bank caws. Important railway alterations and im* prorements going on at Flinders-street. High class musical services at St. Mary's, Ewt SL Kilda, last Sunday. Will of the late Mr. James Hole, of Prahran, valued at £9,469. Successful social of Alma Lodge U.A.O.D' at Alfred Hall iast Monday night. Crt. Maddock and Forbes appointed delegate to the sewerage rating conference Armadale Private Quadrille Assembly terpsichoreates to-night at the Armadale Hall. Candidates wanted for the Windsor extraordinary vacancy in the Prahran oonncil. Now, then, Prahran councillors, which of yon was it who tried to ' nobble ' ex Ci. Jones J Snazelle't BUI Adams, the acinal hero of Waterloo, delighted Prahran on Monday evening. Tlie peacock is the emblem of vanity. Hence Mr. A. J. Peacock's screech in tbe Standard. Cr. Maddock, of Prahran, says thatbakere ate compelled to sell by weight, and do—by short weight Prahran council are laying up treasore by inrating £2700 in government stock for the sinking f and. Tiam company do not see the force of the Prahran council's arguments for transfers from the High^street 'bus line. Sellers of bread are pointedly reminded by tbe Prahran council that they must weigh their bread before they sell it A marine-dealer*® license wasigranted to Bernard Lynch, of Primrose-street, Prab isb, by the Prahran bench on Monday. ?Enjoyable ' Smoke-oh ' in connection wilh the South Yarra Tradesmen's Olub on Monday night last. Beportin Saturday's issue. A negro baby was recently christened by j the name of 6badrach Meehach Abednego : Hebrew Ghiilen De Fiery Furnace J nniper Baiby, Gr. H. M. Jones' resignation will un fortunately cost tbe city of Prahran a large slice of the savings effected on the officers' salaries. Mr. A. J. Pallett's grand concert next Thursday week at tbe St Kilda Town-hall will be one of the best ever given in the suborb. The service of song ' The Mosioal Mill er '? rendered with 'great success al'£be East' Prahran Bible Christian Church last Sunday evening. The nnkindest cut of all — a Prahran advertising Bhcet refers to the Attorney General as Sir Bryon. O'Lovghlan — poor Sir Bryan 1 T-nrJfpg branch of the Melbourne Public Library an enormous success. Here is a chance for the Prahran Mechanic's Institute to follow suit. Snowball sale of gifts at three p.m. and concert at eight p.m. to-morrow at the Alfred Hall, Junction, St Hilda, in aid of the Austin Hospital. Cr. Morris Jones' resignation from, the Prahran council was received on Monday with expressions of sympathy and regret from friend and foe alike. The presiding justices at tbe Prahran court on Monday were Dr. Fetherston, (chairman) Messrs. Young, Wyatt, Elliott, Bosales, and Dixon, J's.P. Edwin Merrin, mining engineer, of South Yarra, granted his certificate by tbe judge in insolvency. Opposed by the Australian Finance, Agency, and Guarantee Company. Austral Dramatic company in 'A Night of Peril ' at the Prahran Town- hall to night—a sterling performance by a splendid amateur company in aid of the Women's Hospital. In consequence of the Bev. T. J. Malyon's absence at Bendigo in connection with the autumnal cession of tbe Baptist pnion, the usual Bible reading at tbe South Yarra baptist Church to-morrow night will not take place. Crowded audience at 8t. Hilda to hear the trial of the alleged Elsternwick bush rapgen. Mr, Forlonge and Mr. Field Barrett for the defence, and Inspector Webb assisted by Petectjve Cawfey for the prosecution. Formal application made by Mr. Waugh to re-open the fellmongery at South Yarra. Likewise a counter petition from aggrieved neighbours. The real fight over the matter is yet to come. Nioe rain we've been having ; a flood is badly wanted to fill the columns of our daftly contemporaries now tbat tbe bank scare la dead and the 'Wresting of Justice'' is being played out ' You are the light of life,' ahe eaid to him as he whispered * Good night,1 at the ' frontdoor. 'Pat oat the ligfet,' growled the father at the head of tho stsln, and then the front door alammed. Mr. W. Lansly, tbe . late manager of the Prahrarj branch of the deoeased Mercantile Bank, has gone in for the trade assignee btjBinese— one of the few businesses which are pretty brisk jnst now, Some; felonious fowl-fancier devastated tho ponltry-yftid of Dr. Thomas Black, J.P* at ' Clntra,' Chapel-street, St Hilda, last Saturday night, to the extent of twenty fowl® of assorted, colours. The omnipresent sneak-thief broke into the room of Thomas Glanfield, servant at 11 Mittagong,' Grey -street, St ..Hilda, and stole a number of email articles of wearing apparel last Tharaday night ^The most delighted individual in Mel bournfpto-day It Mr. William Simpson, who has been trotted out as the appHoant for a Brand jury in the Mercantile Bank sensa tion—Ob, Moses I Oh, Isaacs I Tbe fall benoh at the St, Hilda court yesterday for the trial of the Blsternwiok alleged bushrangers consisted of Mayor Jacoby (chairman), Messrs. Alston, Gooch, | Samaell, Wimpole, and Connibere, J's.P. j ' It wasn't much,' aaid a party charged ' at the St Hilda oourt with hitting a gate* keeper in tlie faee at the football ground. 'Not much t ' said Mayor Jacoby; 'I suppose you would say it wasn't much i' yon smashed a man's face and broke bis log. You ought to belong to a football team 1 ' At the inquest held by Dr. Tool on the dead body of an infant recently found in a tree-guard in Mitchell-street, St. Hilda* a verdict was returned of wiirul murder by suffocation, by some person or persons unknown. A publio meeting was hold at the Prnb ran Town-ball laet night under the auspices of the Young Victorian Putrlo'ic League, for tbe purpose of helping clung the question of aa intercolonial customs union and the federation of Australia. A report of tbe meeting willappear in neat Saturday's isfeue. Dr. Fetbeiston growls at certain solicitors, reporters, and others, who make a habit of crossing the bench when making their exit from tbe court to the annoyance of the magistrates. Sergeant Finlayson says it won't oocar again. A warrant was ordered to issue by the Prahran court on Monday for the arrest of Louis Montgomery Duvalli, who had failed to find a surety of £25 for the due fulfil ment of a maintenance order made against him last week. Mr, Williams appeared for the wife. The second dance of the bcHcs in con nection with the Armadale Private Quad rille Assembly takes place this evening at the Armadale Hall. 'A contingent from tbe Port Melbourne assembly is expected, and a merry gathering is sure to follow. Indecent behaviour whilst intoxicated in Commercial-road on Satdrday led to Henry Hope appearing before the Prahran bench on Monday, but as the offender (through his solicitor Mr. Williams) placed £2 in the poor box he was allowed to go free. Tlie Bev* E. H» Taylor, pastor of East St Hilda Congregational Church, gave an Interesting leotnre at the Unitarian Church, Melb., last Thursday on personal experiences in Madagascar, gathered from bis mlssion I ary experience. The lectare was enhanced by a series of lantern views of Madagascar scenery 'shown by Mr, W. E. Pickells. I Prahran council have £6000 safely re I constructed in the City of Melbourne Bank I for from & to 10 ycara. As this sum InolUdes 1 the money for the Burnley-bridge, the I municipal ghost of ex-Cr. Morris Jones can I be imagined to wear a soothing smile at tbe shadowy prospect. A concert will be given on Friday even ing next in connection with the Soath Yarra Wesleyan Sunday-school. The schoolroom will be specially decorated with fairy lamps etc., an exoellent programme of vocal and instrumental music has been prepared, and a large audience anticipated. We have received from the publisher, Mr Syd. Nethcrway, the St. Hilda Football Guide for 1893. This very handy little compilation, which is published at the nominal price of a ' brownie,' contains a 1 reeumd of all last year's matches, fixtures j for the St. Hilda team for the season, and ! a list of each Saturday's fixtures for all the association clubs, and will be found an extremely convenient reference book for 1 all lovers of tho national game. At tbe St. Hilda court yesterday three youngsters, W. Burke, W. Behan, and Arthur Morris, were each fined 5s. or 12 bouts for playfully chivying a gentleman of colour with bits of earth and road metal. Tbe anniversary of the foundation of the Tucker village settlement at Wonwondah near Horsham was enthusiastically cele. brated on Wednesday last, a number of Melboarne gentlemen journeying thither to take part in the ccremony and to rejoice over the success already achieved by this method of dealing with depressed Victoria. Stealing three tins of fat from the prem ises of Messrs. Clack and Bear, soap manu facturers, of Wilson -street, South Yarra, brought John McLeish into the Prahran court on Thursday, when he got 12 mouths for his enterprise. Judging from the prisoner's police records his present sentence was well deserved. I Mr, Speight implicates' G7 past and I present members of parliament by whose pressure and importunities he 14 was over ! borne' in his management of the state ?Tftihraja. None of trar members (ftre-te -tbe- ; list, thank goodness. As for the 67, ought they not to be sentenced immediately ? Wouldn't trial by clamour do for them as well as for Davies, who by the way is also not in the list 1 Aleck Peacock, M.P., finding seclusion too tame, comes oot in the Mercantile Bank controversy, the Davies Companies being his theme. Tbe kernel of Alcck's utterances have been absolutely denied by the Grown officers, and even if they had not been, no fair-minded and unbiassed person would seek to prejudice the Mercantile Bank case by introducing the old gag, the Davies Companies. Truly, the fraternal spirit of Australian brotherhood is being made jnst now. On the Queen's birthday at the football match at St. Hilda, one George Green tried to pasB in tic'ietlesa, and being repulsed by the gatckeei jr, Charles Bell, purchased a ticket but on returning with it refused to give it up and expressed his idea of the watchdog of the gates by punching him in the face. For this he was fined 20s. and 20i. costs at the St. Hilda court last Friday, 