NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Working Man (to Jones, weakly twirling growth on upper lip)—"Be very careful as you don't sprain your wrist, young feller!" Fine. Sunshine. Bijou Theatre. Go in, Souths! Moule on Bartlett. Bartlett on Moule. "Immomeena" Saturday. Jordan Park races to-day. Orlando due here on Sunday. Private members' day to-day. Valentine's patent dip trough. An impudent larrikin at Glenelg. Ten tons of butter off to England. Lecturer Lake's lively lip-tickling. The Orlando will not leave Australia. George Giffen 62 against Philadelphia. The rowing season will soon be opened. Norwood can now boast of a Y.M.C.A. Things are lively in Spain and Morocco. Sir S. A. Blackwood dead, aged 61 years. The Succession Duties Bill is in jeopardy. Photographic class at the School of Mines. Chaffey on Johnny and Johnny on Chaffey. Nominations for Kapunda races to-morrow. The barque Evelyn was presumably lost at sea. Baker on succession duties and Gordon in reply. Rosebery does not care about going to India. New South Wales loan at a premium of £2 2s. 6d. South Adelaides leave for Melbourne to- morrow. Adelaide Rowing Club's annual meeting to- morrow. Fowler's Bay landholders want a reduction of rents. What did Mrs. Knorr want to borrow that Spade for? The Council sat 4 hours and 40 minutes yesterday. Scientists journeyed to Happy Valley yesterday. Will the Souths win the championship of Australia? S. A. Tattersall's meeting on the Old Course on Saturday. Life assurance societies want to be exempted from taxation. Silver has fallen, but the Denver mines are to be reopened. Proposal to run a tramline from Broken Hill to Purnamoota. The first shipment of the bonus butter will be made to-day. Philadelphian cricketers gave the Australians a bad "licking." Attempts being made in Madrid to establish a reign of terror. Mr. Day will not lecture to-night, but to-morrow night. Kadina Show to-day promises to surpass all its predecessors. Dr. Ryder gave another health lecture on Tuesday afternoon. '"Ransom" again received last night with rounds of applause. When the Suffrage Bill was dropped the ladies left the chamber. Joe Maddern goes as manager of the premiers to Melbourne. Hon. J. Norton, of New South Wales, was in the House yesterday. The year's revenue for National Park pur- poses was £1,422 7s. 6d. The Commissioner of Police has casts of feet of the Tantanoola tiger. Mr. Lyell's report on the Federal Bank appears in The Advertiser. The new Leigh's Creek Coal Mining Com- pany has made a good start. New South Wales Parliament on the duties of the Australian Squadron. The scientists enjoyed the hospitality of the Engineer-in- Chief yesterday. Revelations in connection with the Mudla Wirra North District Council. Armstrong will wield the stone-cracking hammer for the rest of his life. George Jeffrey Evan Price, 19 years of age, housebreaker and storecracker. Many thousands of old ewes will find their way to the boiling down works. Ladies working well to make Norwood Y.M.C.A. tea boom to-morrow. The Barrier Mines Sick and Accident Fund will cease to exist in a few days. The Chief Justice says it was a wonder Armstrong did not kill his wife. The Silver Ape has gone bung, but the Broken Hill Ape has come to life. Adult Suffrage Bill lapsed owing to the lack of support by an absolute majority. Goolwa must be unusually lively in conse- quence of the wool season shipping. W. T. Harrison, the jockey who was killed on Saturday, was an old Kapunda boy. Reported that new discovery in Ivanhoe mine averages 80 oz. of gold to the ton. The New South Wales revenue for the year was £9,745,941, or a decrease of £849,023. For nine months the coal exported at New- castle showed a falling off of 241,445 tons. Mr. and Mrs. Knorr were present at the in- quest on the baby farming cases in custody. The Treasurer has consented to allow sheep for boiling down to enter the colony on bond. South Australian Rowing Association's an- nual meeting to be held next Monday even- ing. When will the Ports get their new eight-oar boat from Fuller? Hurry up, Mr. Cruick- shank. Jury returned a verdict of attempted murder against Hamilton Armstrong, who nearly killed his wife. Male choir of Adelaide Y.M.C.A. will add to the interest of to-morrow night's meeting at Norwood Town Hall. Armstrong told his cousin he had sinned against the Holy Ghost and that hell had its doors open to receive him. Eastern Suburban Y.M.C.A. have a good trio for to-morrow night—Dr. Cockburn, Rev. Joseph Berry, and Mr. J. J. Virgo. The Chief Justice took full advantage of the provisions of the Act and sentenced Armstrong to hard labor for the term of his natural life. New South Wales Government going to consider expediency of bringing in a Bill to prohibit the sale or gift of liquor on election days. Bartlett thinks there are abuses going on in the Lands Office, and offers to substantiate his statements by producing witnesses at the bar of the House. The Northern Territory Times says the Paraguay people prefer the risks of that country to the Chow-ridden country under South Australian dominion. "The hillsides were ablaze with vernal bloorn, while beneath an emerald carpet inter- laced with gold spread outward to the sea." This suited the scientific men to a T. Jobrt Hannah said the cry of Mr. Baker was like that of Tennyson's Northern Farmer— Proputty, proputty's everything 'ere; an' Sammy, I'm blest If it isn't the same oop yonder, fur them as has it's the best. He was rescuing the Girton girl from the billowy waves, but it looked as if they might never see Cambridge again. "Hold on tight,. Penelope!" he gasped; "hold on tight!" "Don't say 'Hold on tight!' " gurgled the girl, with her mouth full of the Atlantic Ocean; "say 'Hold on tightly!' " 