Three Score Years and Ten: or, the Ass and the Man. The study of the German language and literature, it is well known, is conducive to the growth of an intelligent desire for sound, healthy, and attractive matter to suit the tastes and capacities of the youthful mind. Long before England had identified herself with legislative enactments in the cause of education, the German people had, by a Kin I dergarten system, established, in most of their | principal, cities, dukedoms, and petty king ! doma, schools wherein a sound basis was laid for technical and intellectual culture. Io the j little capital of Weimar-ages before its | absorption into the whole German Empire were gathered together quite a galaxy of men of world-wide reputation-men whom the Court had called thither, patronised and sup- ported not for any political services which they had specifically rendered the State, as was the custom in our country, but solely on account of their eminent literary or musical prowess. Such men. as Herder, Heine, Schiller, Goethe, and a host of others, added fame and lustre to the Court under whose auspices they lived and worked. Compare the intelligent modes of educating the youthful German with those resorted to in England ? Why the thing is impossible. Take for instance the Kriegspiel : a mimic war game, on the principle of chess, the study of which opens up a field of delight to the child, whilst at the same time it induces him to think and to observe ; with the result that he acts on such thoughts and observations be- cause they effect and mature his judgment. The major portion of the interesting toys -mechanical and otherwise-which are im- ported into England, are made by the youth of both sexeB of Germany, and great is the revenue from such sources. I have spent much time in Germany, and from my experience of the class of Germans with whom I have been brought in contact, I have no hesitation in stating that I have found them genial and warm-hearted fellows. As a rule, they are good linguists, speaking English and French with fluency ; and they evince an acquaintance with English litera- ture which would put to shame many of my own countrymen. lu the course of my studies in German, I came across a fable which, although suited to the capacity of a child, yet contains matter for adult reflection, and at the same time aptly illustrates the object which I had in view in penning this sketch. From the days of my boyhood-aye, from the era of a limitless time-the ass has ever been regarded as a synonym for obstinacy and stupidity. To call a man an ass is, even now, a term of reproach and contumely. An old dramatic and philosophic friend of mine-the late John S. Clarke, at one time the lessee of the Strand Theatre-held a very exalted bpinion of this ancient beast of burden ; for in the character of " Doctor Pangloas, LL.D," the dramatic humourist added the magic letters " and ass." This addition he evidently deemed of collateral importance in juxtaposition with his other academic and mystic accomplishments. If we go back to an earlier period, we find that Balaam's Assinine friend was wiser than his master. The Ass, therefore, certainly does not seem to suffer by comparison with man, as the fol- lowing fable will prove : When the world was created, all creatures assembled before Nature for the purpose of having their lifetime appointed. The Ass, like the sensible fellow he always has been, bad the distinguished honour of putting in the first appearance. " Pray," quoth the Asa, " how long have I to lire?" " Thirty years," replied Nature ; " will that be agreeable to thee ?" " AlaB !" responded the Ass, " it is a long while. Bemember what a wearisome existence mine will be ; from morning until night I shall have to bear heavy burdens, dragging heavy sacks of corn to the miller so that others may eat bread ; whilst for encouragement and refreshment I shall be the recipient of kicks and blows. Give me but a portion of that time, I pray. When I yield up the ghost, I desire to do bo like a sensible Ass, in full possession of my faculties. I should like to die in harness and whilst I am useful and respected. If I Bhould live to the years of discretion, I shall be content to die as an Ass, for I have no desire to depart this life in my Assinine dotage." Nature, who was moved with compassion, complimented the Asa on his wisdom, and presented him with eighteen years. The Ass gave a second edition of his wisdom by going away comforted. The Dog was the next inquirer after the number of his days. " How long dost thou require to live ?" asked Nature. " Thirty years were too many for the Abb ; wilt thou be contented with them ?" The Dog, who seems to have been educated in the same shrewd seminary as the Ass, said I with an air of deep gravity : " Ib it thy will that I Bhould ? Think how much I shall have to run about ; my feet will not last for so long a time, and when I shall have lost my voice for barking, and my teeth for biting, what else shall I be fit for but to live and growl ?" Nature thought Doggie waa right and gave him twelve years. Another candidate for favour now put it an appearance in the form of an Ape. " Thou wilt, doubtleB, lire the thirty years," said Nature; " thou wilt not have to labour as the ass and the dog. Life will be pleasant to thee." " Ah, no !" cried the Ape, " so it may seem to others, hub it will not be ! Should puddings ever rain down, I Bhall have no spoon ! I shall play merry tricks, and excite laughter by my grimace, and then be rewarded with a sour apple. How often sorrow lies concealed behind a jest ! I shall not be able to endure for thirty years." Nature said that as he had not exhibited the vice of coveteonsneaB, but only essayed to amuse Lib companions by his merry tricks, pranks, and grimaces, she had much pleasure in granting him ten years. A candidate for longevity now appeared Man, healthy and strong-and asked the measure of his day«. " Will thirty yearB content theo ?" queried Nature. " How abort a time !" quoth the Man. " When I shall have built my house, and kindled a fire on my hearth ; when toe trees I «hall have plaated are about to bloom and bear fruit ; when life Bhall seem to me most desirable, I shall die. O Nature ! grant me a longer period !" " Thou shalt have the eighteen years of the Ass beside," was the gracious reply. " That is not enough," exclaimed Man petulantly. ' " Take likewise the twelve years of the Dog," said Nature. " Surely this will con- tent thee !" " It is not yet sufficient," reiterated Man, over whose dissatisfied-looking countenance a hungry aspect manifested itself. " Give me more !" he urged with avidity. " I give thee, then the ten years of the Ape ; in vain wilt thou claim more !" Man departed doleful and dissatisfied. Thus Man lives seventy years. The first thirty are his human years, and pass swiftly by. He ia then healthy and happy-be laboura cheerfully and rejoices in his existence. The eighteen years of the Asa come next, and bnrden upon burden ia heaped upon him ; he carries the corn that ia to feed otherB ; blows and kioka are the wages of his faithful service. The twelve years of the Dog follow, and he loses his teeth, and lies in a corner and growla. When these are gone, the Ape's ten years form the conclusion. Then Man, weak and silly, becomes the sport of children. Man is a stoic in his early years, an epicu- rean in his latter; social in youth, selfish in old age. In early life he believes all men honest, till he knows them to be knaves ; in late life he believes all to be knaves, till he knowe them to be honest. Thus, somehow or other, Man passes in the course of living from one of those extremes to the other, and from having thought too well of human nature at first, thinks at last perhaps too ill of it. It will at once be seen that, under the garb of a fable, much information is conveyed to the mind. First, the ages of the classes of animals enumerated ; secondly, their specific duties, and, thirdly, their characteristics. 