UNDER THE GREAT SEAL. By Joseph Hatton, Author of "Clytie," "By Order of the Czar,-' "J ohn Needham'f Double," " Cruel London," PART III. CHAPTER I. ' THE MAD ENGLISHMAN OP VENICE." Two ruinB. The first almost human in its time-worn aspect, its blind windows, its broken columns. The second entirely human, the living wreck oi a man. The first a decayed palace with a brave and brilliant history. The second a man, battered by cruel blows of fate, aged before his time, but with the windows of his soul still undimmed, except for here and there a film that had come from the shedding of many tears. The marble ruin was not entirely desolate. It bad a custodian, one who knew it when its echoes resounded to the laugh and Bhout of triumph and festival. The human ruin was alone, solitary in the great world. It its § inched and wounded heart lay the everlasting iiferenoe between the dead ruin and the living; it was the wellspring of hope that keeps green some green sunny spots in the dreariest past and freshens the most arid fore casts of the future. At the date of this history Yriarte, the his torian, will tell you that visitors to Venice must have remarked in passing down the Grand Canal, an ancient building with its open (loggia on the first story, ornamented with marble columns, having Byzantyne ■oapatale. The antique facade Bet with Blabs of Greek marble and enorusted with circular escutcheons was falling into ruin, its inter stices choked with earth and moss. Here and there trailng vines and varied creepers had taken root in floor and crevice, giving that touch of leaf and flower that always arrests the attention wherever it is observed among the halls and palaces of this city in the sea. The Turkish ouBtodian still lives there, and might he seen leaning against the last aroh of the loggia, a type of Eastern innobUity, indifferent to the gondolas passing and repassing under his |eyes, looking but seeing nothing. "A poet who did not know that placidity of the Oriental, which looks like dreaming and yet is so dreamless, might have imagined that he read a look of wietfuluet? in this man's eyes, and that the forlorn warder was thinking of the ancient gloriesof Venica" In these present days, if you would eee with the eyes of the historian and follow the advea tores of the hero of Heart's Delight, you must look back through the spiok and span faoings oi the palace that have blotted out the resting place of the prisoner of Tablet. There are Venetians still living who knew the old palace and its piotureBque custodian. The stones are fresh that have been piled on the anoient foundations, and the present writer has moved his gondola by the BtepB in the Grand Oanal, and talked with an old Venetian who had seen the faded fac«3, and knew the Btranger whom they call the " mad Englishman." This building was the old Fardaoo dei Turchi, predecessor of the new palace, built in the thirteenth oentnry, or of which the present building is supposed in many respectB to be reproductive of the blind old house which had for its custodian and companion the Oriental, who was a familiar figure in Venioe when Alan Keith was released from his Moorish prison. Three hundred years after the splendid entertainments that the Lords of Briare gave there the palace became the residence of the Turkish merchants and dealers, and it was in its last days of decreptitude and picturesque misery when Alan Keith begged for shelter at the hands of the Turkish custodian. They were well met theae three, rife blinking old Turk in the shadow of the orumbling palace, and the half-demented seafarer who bad been landed by a Spanish ship to take his chances of life and death in Venioe. There wee something almost inarticulate in the woes of the three. The palaoe spoke to the human fancy in whispers of parasite leaves that held many of the marble stones together. The cus todian addressed the Englishman, but to A lan it was in the unknown tongne of France. Alan replied in a guttural English that was full of MooIlectionB of the Soottish vernacular, with now and then a smattering of French words' and Spanish, suo'n Frenoh, however, as might have been English to the Tntk who could only I guess at the stranger's meaning. There was, however, between them a sympathetic lan guage which they oould not mistake. Tney both belonged to the miserable. They had both seen strange adventures; they were both -old; they were both poor; poverty knows its fellow. The oustodian of the decaying palace clung to the old walls for love and not for wager. Alan had about him the few gold and silver coins that some philanthropic Spaniard had given him when obtaining bis release from the Moorish dungeon. Elsewhere he bad treasure in abundance, away on the silent shores of the secret waterways of Demon's Creek ; always supposing that the supposed graveB had remained undisturbed except by wind and weather. During all the days of his imprisonment Alan had never forgotten any oiroumstanoe connected with his life at Heart's Delight. Dropped down off Labrador blindfolded, he felt that he could steer into the Bilent harbour whence the cunning vengeance of Lester Bentz bad driven him and bis comrades to fall viotims to the English ship of war. When some unknown power had come to the aid of the prisoners at Fenatia be bad selected to be put ashore at Venice, feeling that of all the cities of the world he might there possibly still have a friend. He remembered the young priest's talk of Venice as his home, of the pro bability of his removal thither, and that he had a mother living in Florenoe. More than twenty years had gone by sinoe then, and Father Lavello might be dead. He might, however, have left behind him some friend upon whom he oonld count for advioe and help. Twenty years was long iu the memory of friendship, bnt short in the memory of a foe; and Alan knew not to what extBnt hiB name might be branded with the penalties of treason and crime, with piracy and murder in the annals of British justice. Oould he have known that he was dead in the official (report of the Admital of the "St. George —dead with all his comrades, dead and buried with his pirate ship beneath the 'deep and stormy waves that roll around Bahama's coral reefs—he might have selected to be put on board some English ship; but he was wary, and his mind turned to Venioe and Father Lavello. He had taken upon himself a new name by way of wise precaution, and resolved to feel his way to the abiding place of Father Lavello, and know something of his record and the charaoter he bore with his people before entrusting to him tbeseoretof his existence and his desires. His long impri sonment had made him secretive and mistrust ful, dulled his perceptive qualities, given bis eye a trick of wandering, and given to hiB speech a certain hesitancy that to the common mind marked him down as imbeoile. And so onoe more he was dubbed the mad English- , man, and later he was assigned not only a name but a local habitation. He was called "The mad Englishman of Venice." But Alan was far from mad. Dreamy? Yes, far more so than the dreamy-looking j custodian of the time-worn palace; dreamy, with lucid intervals of energy and passion; dreamy, with poetio memories of a saintly wife and child; dreamy, with sounds of the ] sea in his ears and mirthful voices; dreamy, I with the light of the crackling fire of a winter's j hearth in his memory and pictures of domestio I peace, of neighbours' sitting in the wintry j glow of peat and wood. He was a dreamer j gazing back on sunny seas and happy fisher folk, a dreamer who falls from Paradise to hell, from happiness and peaoe and domestio j love and home to- tyranny and wrong, to j battle, murder, and tempestuous fights at sea, from lying by the side of a wife beloved be yond all women to lying prone by her grave, victims both of them of a lawless law and a lawless Magistracy. Yes, he was a dreamer indeed, this wanderer, who paused as if from Bheer sympathy by the rough steps of thede caying palace with its long-robed andbe-fezzed custodian, a wrinkled, silent, brigbt-eyed, ruminating Turk. Surely this ruined house wob the place where | such a bony, withered, hawk- eyed mariner as Alan Keith ehould rest; this was the sentinel , of Bilent palaces and mysterious boats who Bhould make him welcome. And so head- i dressed himself to the Turk, and the Turk came out of his reverie to look with pitying eyes upon the stranger. Such a presentation of pioturesque age were these three that that one's mind rests upon it with awe and wonder—the two strange men, the one dead palace. It was an instinctive act of hospitality that led the Turk to take the wanderer in. A humble boatman had rowed him from the 1 quay in his sandolo, and here he had left bim with the Turk, who, opposite in creed, in thought, in every way, still found reason for comradeship with bis grim petitioner. They were both alone, one with his memories, the other a stranger in a strange land. The custo dian, however, had aoquaintanoes. He had lived long enough in Venice to adopt eome of her habits, and to be on speaking terms with certain frequenters of a cafd in a shady corner of the steps that lead upwards over the Rialto Bridge. Here he would onoe or twice a week take hie cup of coffee and smoke his chibouk, and listen to the conversation of other guests while they sipped their diluted anisette or drank their black coffee, denouncing with bated breath or blatent defiance, astheoase might be,tbeirAustrian masters. The blonde mistress of the landlord, with her lightly ebod feet, showing shapely ankles in white stook ingB, would pay special attention to the silent Turk, and the Venetians would oiten talk at him of the time when Venice , was great and free, and the Fonda dei Grechi one of the glories of the Grand Oanal. Otherwise the custodian had neither kith nor kin nor friends in Venice. He had permitted, however, the friendly encroachments of a certain humble . gandoller and his wife to find a lodging in a wing of the palaoe overlooking a back canal, in return for which they gave him suoh domestio service as he required, did his mar keting, cooked his food, and in winter made desperate if unavailing efforts to keep his salon warm. Atilio was the gondolier and Teresa was bis wife, and they could both speak a little English, picked up iu the service of a great merohant who had traded round the world, and had once taken them to the great port of London. But Atilio had never heard BuchstrangeEnglisha8tbe grimstranger spoke, end Teresa had never seen outside so evidently mad a lodger as he whom Hia .Exoellency the Signori had thought well to shelter and pro tect. In such a multifarious community as that of Venice in those days, with its strange sails from Eastern porte and West, with its curious fisherfolk from the islands of the lagoons, its mysterious- Jews of the ghetto in their pio turesque gaberdines, its Austrian officials and sentinels and its grave old citizens, it might have been thought that Alan Kieth would have escaped notioe; bat he seemed to impress mysteriously the most ordinary person, his gaunt figure tower ing above the crowd; the long, patched, and foreign ooat he wore reaching from his neck to hiB buckled shoes, and decorated in some queer barbario fashion; his long spider legs in faded velvet trunks and silken nose; his bony hands and pallid bony face, his sunken eyes that Bhone like meteors from be neath bis shaggy eyebrows; his long, thin, grey hair and his restless manner, the; knew not ] what to make ot him, the simple gondolier and his wife, and the keeper of the cafe whither tbe silent Turk had taken him were so much at a loss; and in a very short time he came to be spoken of as " the mad Englishman." Onoe unwittingly he had offended a number of men and boys on the quay by some remark which he thought was a complimentary expression in ohoioe Italian, and which Was nothing like it. They made for him to testify thsir anger in blows, but the gaunt Englander soattered them like leaves before a mighty wind. Misohief would have been done had not an English captain, whose ehip was lying in port awaiting her sailing papers, interposed and explained what the stranger had intended to say, whereupon the crowd buret forth into laughter, and insisted on shaking hands with the poor mad fellow, for now they knew he must be; mad to call them villains and beasts of burden when he had meant to do them honour. And so Alan wandered about the city, which was to him a dream within a dream, and^he a ghost from some other world. He was happy, quite happy, for a long long time, free to come and go, with shelter for his head and food for his stomach. No gaoler held him by the heels. Once in a way the Austrian chal lenge of " Halt! Wer da !" broke in upon his dreams, but the sentinel would smile good naturedly as tbe mad Englishman retired with abow oi submission and a " Pardon, messieur," spoken with a broad Scotch accent. Alan, indeed, began to think he bad been translated to Paradise, and for a time what he considered to be the ambition of his latter days faded out in the free air of Italy—for it was free to him tbe very essence of the eupremeBt liberty, whatever it might be to the Italians, whoBe aspirations he did not understand. He found that the few gold and silver pieoes which his Spanish deliverer had deposited with the euit of clothes with which he had been endowed, and the bundle of curious linen that had been placed for him on board tbe ship, went a long way in the estimate of the unspeakable Turk, and that an odd coin now and then made Atilio and Teresa both willing servants, how ever mad he might seem to them—a madness that was not vicious, be it Baid, but a madness that wasjunmistakable—espeoiallyjwhen, ashad happened more than onoe, Alan had tossed one of nis Btrange coins upon the caffi counter to treat some k^gnvme to a cup of wine, or had himself indulged in an extra glass of brandy with his ooffee, for then his eyes would fairly blaze and he would talk of fights on sea and land, of stormy waters and the haunted lands of distant shores ; but even then he spoke with a kind of reserve that emphasized his madness. There was neither latitudenor Iongitudeinhis inconsequential yarns; but once in aoafe down by the quay he bad been led into making over tures to an English captain concerning a buried treasure. He had discovered a sudden energy during a talk between thecaptainand his mate. They had heard of a sunken Spanish galleon that of late had shifted and now showed her masts, and into whose hold a Frenchman had dived and found it full of gold. Thereupon Alan's dream of peace and happy days of freedom in an earthly paradise had gone back to reality, and he felt how poor he was, yet how rich, that he might still have a son alive to whom he owed a fatherly duty, and to whom, for the sweet sake of an angel-mother in Heaven, he felt a yearning affection. "Iken of a treasure," he said, looking up from the seat where he had been huddled, smoking a wooden pipe with a long reed stem, " and eh, mon, if I'd a ehip and ane or twa good hanB I'd mek the fortune of him who'd provide it—anod's just as gude as a wenk to a blind bone." The sailors looked with undisguised surprise at the foreign-looking withered old man who, without invitation, joined in their conversation, and made a wild declaration of secret wealth, not in French or German, not in Italian, or Moorish, or Hebrew, but in Scotchy English and at Venice. "Where d'ye hail from, master?" asked the captain. "Ab, ah," laughed Alan, "that's a vera easy question." "I should say so," remarked the mate, pour ing out a fresh glass of Ohianti for his chief. " Ef I could jest mek aoontraot wi' ye givin' me command o' yer shep," said Alan, "within sixty days ye'd hae no further oause to sail the seas." "Very likely not," said the captain good naturedly, "and no ship to sail in maybe ; join us, friend, in a glass of wine for the sake of bonme Scotland; that's where ye hail from, I'm thinking." " Maybe," Baid Alan, " we knaw where we hail frae, but where are we gaein' ? That's the puzzle, eh?" Alan felt he was being questioned, and he wae still wary about committing himself, for be bad yet to learn on what legal grounds he etood. He had reason to expect Father Lavello in Venice. Idly as he had spent his time, dreaming in the sun, revelling in his freedom, he had nevertheless busied himself in enquiries about Father Lavello; and the fondolier bad at last made out what he wanted, n the first place Alan's method of pronounc ing the Italian name had been a barrier to enquiry, and in tbe next place Father Lavello had left Venice for Verona; and Atilio had succeeded in having conveyed there a letter from Alan, to which an answer had been received by word of mouth, implying that Alan would very soon see the priest whom he sought. This progress had only been achieved Within a few days of tbe incident on the quay; and Alan felt that he might be very near tne discovery of things of the last importance to him, and he became all the more circum spect. At the eame time, he had of late brooded over a possible means of visiting New foundland, more particularly the scene of his buried fortunes, and the deep interest which the two English officers were expressing in the sunken treasure of a Sanish ship unloosed his tongue; but to no further purpose than to convince tbe strangers that he was a softy, a dreamer of dreame, a harmless lunatio. Nevertheless Alan surprised them with his knowledge of navigation; and in a little while they were both talking to him with a rational consideration ot certain propositions that he discovered to them. He sat at their table with a certain distinction of manner that gradually made them even deferential. He allowed them to understand that he knew they thought him half-witted; but the made them feel that there was method in bis madness. He spoke of long years of imprisonment, of shipwreck and slavery, of a thousand reasons why he might well be mad; and he also spoke of human beings who had prayed to die and could not, men who came out of every danger unscathed, who bore torture, misery, the suffooating embrace of tbe sea, the anger of breakers on rooky coasts, and who lived on and on. He held them with hie natural eloquenoe, tod he drank their wine with every now and then a repetition of their own pledge of bonnie Scotland. Time went on. The moon came out upon the lagoons, and he started homewards full of strange fancies, and burning to take those sailor men into his confidence, half-forgetting David, his eon, only remembering thetreasnre, and as he went swinging along, strengthened physically and mentally by the generous Italian wine, he lapsed baok into reverie and wonder, into the oft-recurring sensation of being in another world, in some halfway house to Heaven, some earthly paradise anchored ixi a summer sea. He eat down by the steps of St. Mark's, and watched the evening traffic on the Grand Canal; stretched himself down almost by the water, where other men were reclining. None moved to give place either in fear or friendship. They knew he was mad, but he had harmed no one, and Atilio spoke well of him. They knew that the mad Englishman had paid their oily the compliment of calling it Paradise. He lay nnmoleeted, with his hands underneath his chin, watching the gondolas with glowworm lights at tbeir bows. One or two coasters were making for tbeir anchorage by the Custom house; and be traced the lines of the great Church of San Girrgio Maggine against the moon-lit sky; and he was very- happy in a negative kind of way, warm, contented, the wine coursing pleasantly through his veins. He might have Iain there all the livelong night until the sun took up tbe story of the moon and adorned Venice with all the beauties of the morn had not Atilio laid his heavy band upon him and demanded his attention. " Dorme?" said Atilio. Alan dreamed on. " Awake, Signon !" said Atilio, "vcnite con tnel" ' Wherefore ?" asked the mad Englishman, taking up a sitting position and looking at Atilio reproachfully, as being awakened from a pleasant sleep. I Atilio was excited. His little English failed i him when he was deeply moved. He could only repeat hie one word, " awake," and point with a stumpy finger in the direction of the ruined palace where they both had the privilege to lodge. 1 " Home asked Alan. I " Si, si, ccrlaivente," said the gondolier, andiamo a corn, come, awake, Siguori." Alan gathered himself up and stood by Atilio, so gaunt and yet so picturesque that one or two of the loungers looked at him with an admiration that was born of their inborn feeling for artietio effect. One of them smilingly asked why the madman did not continue to rise until he topped the campanile and could shake paws with the lion of St. Mark. Atilio laughed and lifted up his arms, and pointing to tbe moon asked why not further; yonder where the silent man would know him j the man in tbe mooD, with whom the Signon held long conversation on nights like these. " Poor devil," said a brother gondolier, "and yet he is happy." "Most happy, dreams he owns caskets, treasure, haB ships at Bea laden with gold and precious stones; wait, he says, and I will bring my donations of diamonds, rubies, and gold, for the domes of St. Marco," said Atilio, chattering away in Italian, complimented by the attention of hie audience. "Well, that is good; he has a grateful heart," tbe other replied, "and he adores our beautiful Venice. It is sufficient." Alan, though now upon hie feet, still gazed out across the oanal, and now and then looked , up at the moon as she went sailing along another vast waterway—it seemed to him in the heavens; but presently as if he came out of his dream again, he asked, " Wherefore, Atilio, wherefore ?" Atilio replied again volubly, but with such a Btrange mixture of English and Italian that Alan could only ask again why he sought him, and oatching something of Atilio's enthusiasm put his question into his own vernacular, and elaborated it without the slightest thought of Atilio—" What in the devil's name dy'e want desturbin' a man when he's just taking his ease, and requires neither yer service nor yet yer companiet" And ae if he understood every word the gondolier replied, measuring his words care- ] fully out, " Itprete ze curato, Lavello." " Lavello!" said Alan, almost in a whisper, " Lavello!" " Lavello," repeated Atilio, "oome, Sig nori." Atilio led the way to across the piazza. Alan followed. They kn6w the footpath of Venice as well ob they knew her waterways. " The companile and the pin, said one of tbe lawyers, who had hitherto been a silent looker-on, as he turned to watch Atilio and the madman disappear in the shadows of St. Mark's, the companile striding out with long legs, the pin almost tanning to keep up with it. A burst of laughter greeted the humorous comparison, till he succeeded by the silence of men who sleep and the ripple of waters that often seem to emphasize silence. 