, - ' ; THE NOVELIST. \ The Story of Andrew Fairfax.; _ ) BY. JOSEPH .HocKmo,.. j .Author of *f Elradthe Hie," 'I JabezEasterbrook," j. . . . ^Zillah," &c;, ........ 7 . ^Boök -H^- Preparing for His Work; " : . CHAPTER XIV. ,. "" _.' ? ' . * The 'Village Chapel. i, Aridíoüji. of,those to whom the vision .came , ..My greatest hardly will: believe he saw j . ; ' -Another hath beheld it afar off, -.And leaving human wrongs to right themselves . - üGares'but to pass into the silent life ;.. .jAnd one.hath had the vision face to face, ¿And now hia chair desires him here in vain,. , iHowever they may crown him otherwhere, *..»... -- -TENNYSON.. : On his way: back to the farra Andrew 'passed through the villftg.e. , By this tinie.it :was "getting dark, for: Andrew's interview with the - clergyman- had been, a long one.. île was musing as to_ what course he shoulc take next when he heard some one speaking to him. : Turning, he saw Henry- Yelland, c ..well-known.man in the village,^ Henry Yelland was a - man of manj trades, , and,; rh-spite of the old adage, wat ipretty. well ; master of them all. Anyhow ,'he jxiade each pf them pay him, until, td .usc ithe villagers' phrase, he had a '.'long stock .ing somewhere.'' Henry- was-farmer, ear Vpehter. and général'builder, 'rate collector .arid auctioneer. Moreover, lie was a.local .preacher, and. was :chief man in, the littlí -Methodist chapel to which Andrew > had rgohe. . Every one within a radius' of foui 'miles knew Henry, or " Henny " as he. was 'frequently called: when not present. , _ .., , \- " And. how be-'ee . likin' thaise parts ?'! .'asked Henry? wheh^Andrew had réturnècl ..?^iiâ'salu^fôôïi.*'";;', ' .' 'r;2 ^'.i^j^y\weU,*'';yèriUèd'^drew ;.'" I. think (they might be improved,.though.. i-. <<iDo'ee: now ? Will 'ee ipome in an' have ?a dish 0v tay ? and then you ' can tell me j^hat'-ypu.main,"' ' ..-..* ..j fHia.inyitation suited Andrew. . It seemed .toi operi up a way whereby his schemes .might be realised, and without hesitation he 'followed the. oïd^rnain into the house. - There !was* ho necessity .for.' him "to be hack hto Trevadlock ,.;ifor. tea, as Zacky - and; .Bill could-easily- do the work there was to1 ;do.: Henry^s'purpose for asking^ Andrew tb. '. tea was \ twofold.'^ Tirst he panted to , geij ¿the .young, man .jix¿,*taik, about his past life,] » so-that he could find out. the reason of his -coming to St. Neot, and the '. other was to get him to chapel. It was his own turn to hold Kforth that evening,' and. he he had-' great -faith in his power as a persuader.-, He had -never heard of Andrew^ as a "professor,"; :and' so if he could convert/ him it would be j a fine thing. The man of many trades had furnished -his parlor with a certain degree Of comfort,' and bidding Andrew . draw np-.his 'chair to; the fire, began to ask questions. As may be! imagined,.. Andrew 'wäs^not ito.' be caught,' and at the end of Henry's questions that' " gentleman had ' learnt nothing of the young ]man's Jnatoryl On the other hand, how-1 .ever, Andrew had managed to get Henry to j ;talk about the people, and <to introduce his* 'ideas as to their welfare. But he soon .found "he, was treading', upon dangerous /ground. / Henry, was an employer .of.labor,, and was ! a. great -opponent! to many of -Andrew's schemes. -:- - . ; | And,what do you think ought to be "? done ?" l.he asked of. Andrew, who had been '.talking of the cheerless life of the people. / ' The 'young man told him j retty much as , he,; had .told the clergyman. He drew a _ ^picture of the day school [or Sunday school .turned into a sort.of clubroom, where news papers and means for amusement should be "provided, and where cofféë or aome innocent drink might be had for a nomi nal sum. He spoke of arrangements . bein» made with some one' in the ' hearest town whereby mágic-lantérñ ëntert'aininentsj lectures, &c;, might be ..introduced. Theèë things, f he thought, would lead to otherfc, until , a dif ferent state of . things" mighjt \ exist. ' He spoke earnestly and Well, but only a look .of dismay Bottled on his listener's face. " And - who do you think is1 goba' to join /to do oal this.?" he asked at length. . ,. , ."W>U>*";- replied'Andrew, vi think, the churches should do it.". j .;. " What do you main by churches ?" - -..<« I mean' the two churches! in the village ^the Episcopal Church and !the Methodist Church. I haye been to the clergymanjjwlip. iiefuses to have anything to do with it ; but your-church could still take it up, and make it a Buccess." " Young man, do you know what you are talkin' ábout?" " I think I do, pretty well." " What you say is impossible. The church nor the chapel don't exist for that kind of'íhing, ;toai." ^ . - . ; " Pray^ what do they exist for, then ?" " To save people's souls, young man. To save them from hell. What did Charles Wesley write ?-. 'Nothing is worth a thought beneath,' But how I may escape the death '? .Which neyer, never dies. How'make mine own election sure, And when I fail on earth, secure ; '"A mansion in the skies !' " This verse formed a part of one of Henry's sermons, so he repeated it glibly and with unction. .>- -. - -1. . -. -. Andrew was silent, but he could not re frain from a grim smile. " You may git forty clubs, and you willn't git a single soul saved by-'emr *Nos no, what we want is a revival^ a. great powerful revival ; what we want is the power to- ; . ., *' "* Speak with the Voice that wakes the dead, And .bid the Bleeper rise, > , And'-bid" thè guilty conscience dread ../ .j The death that never dies !! " ?'. \- ''T do riot know about 'your revivals," replied Andrew j "I haye never, seen qnej,: but. what,I.have in my mind is certainly; not -in contradiction. to religion-indeed, it is-a part of it." -- . .... . .". .. "You've never, seed a revival? Then come to chapel to-night, for we hope .to. haye one.'' . ? ;. .... ' ,' " I have no objection to going to chapel at :all," replied Andrew ; : " indeed,' I - htíd thought of doing so." f Axe .you saved ?" asked Henry, turning Suddenly , round on the young man. : Itjidepends on what you mean by being saved;"iwa8^the reply. " Saved from hell," replied the old preacher. \- ^I: certainly have no intention of going to the- place you mention," replied Andrew, " and besides that, I want to try and make this world as much a heaven as I can." "This world is nothin'," replied. Henry ; " or rather, it is a howlin' wilderness ; we walk as it w e r e in ?a vain show., As I men tioned ¡jist now"-.; '.: Nothin' is worth a thought beneath, :. But how I-r-'. " ; ." You don't believe in that," said Andrew. " I don't believe in it !" said Henry, with .a gasp. ." Don't believe in it !" , " Certainly you dnn't. You know you dont. If you do, why are you so anxious to make money ? You know there's not a .man in the parish keener at . a bargain than you are. If nothing is worth -thinking about down here except getting to heaven, why in the world do you spend .' so much " time at tending to the affairs of the.body?"-, . \- Henry was -fairly nonplussed* . He had quoted these' lines 100 times, never thinking about .their meaning or. truth, and now when this yóung, fellow .had', sb coolly told, him j that, his faith was as nothing, he was un4 unable to recover himself for a little time. ' .^ .Come," continued Andrew, " I don't want to 'quarrel, with you about your religion. But of this I- am sure : We both agree at heart that God wants us to be happy while we re^ main down here.' ' Yóú'' know that' Jesus Christ took care of people's bodies as well as their souls. He fed the hungry, he cured i;he-diseased7-he-iTie*^--prour- "SenTS-bright^ hess into people's lives. Now, I take it that the best Christian is the man who tries to do what Jesus Christ did. Now, just ask yourself, what would . he do if he lived here to-day ? Well, I believfe he would try and give the people better hojases to live in, he would give them comfortable furniture, pictures on their walls, just'the same as you have got on yours, only I/don't believe he'd paint the cows green and the horses bille, as yours are. Then, again, I believe-he ¡.would try to give them some place of meeting other than the jpublic-house. He would Seek to give them other amusements than those found in the alehouse kitchen. Mr. Yelland', if we are Christians, we shall do what Jesus Christ would do." Henry stared wonderingly at Andrew during this long speech. Was this young mari mad? Whoever heard that religion was to provide club-rooms and means of amusement ? Whoever heard that religion had to do with people's bodies ? What had religion got to do with the houses of the people? He had always been-in the habit of - preaching " Only believe, and.you. shall be. saved, _And heaven ij3 yo^s for^eyer.". He had thought of trying to get this young man converte'd. - Was he sure that he was the better man of the two ? And then he reflected that works were aa hut filthy rags, and was comforted. " My dear young man," he said at length; " you are sadly mistaken." j « Am I," replied Andrew'; " then I should tie very glad if you'd prit me right.", " If you!d seen ? the . glorious ¡reviváis we've. had up here, you would-* not talk like you have been doing." . " I've not a word tb1 say against revivals," replied Andrew. " Anything that will stu* up these people to think of things other than those of which they are constantly thinking is good. But what Í want to see is the practical results of your revivals, j I will admit there are a large number of good people in the parish1, but I have likewise been :. amazed ^ by A ^hb . ¡ unmorality which exists. You know, it is a fact that the con verts of one winter are the backsliders of the ñéxt, and that out of a great number who profess .conversion, "only a few remain Christians." Henry sighed. This was true. The young man had put his finger on a great weakness. ' "And' it is 'no" "wonder," continued Andrew. _, i ... "Np wonder! How?? . " Because nothing is done for them. - Ex cepting one night a fortnight, your chapel and schoolroom doors are closed from Sunday to, ^.Sunday, and thèse people can go; whore :they like. What wonder, amidst the lone liness of their life, that they sèek diversion in ways that lead them astray." 1 .. . ".There be the ' class meetin's, young man.". .: ... " Do many go to them, pray ?" - \- Henry shook - his head;: ". Very few," he muttered. " I went to one," Andrew continued. " Old Amos Crews took me." " You went to a class meetin' ! Aw, yes, I keerd about it." " Well, I don't wonder that young pjeople! don't care about going. The lëaderj had prepared nothing that would interest orj help. He simply droned out a few \yorn-| out platitudes." - . ' ;! " He spoke as the Spirit gave him utter-i ance, young man." j y. Andrew was silent. ' An answer sjjrangj to his lips, but he did not give utterance tp it. "It would seem irreverent. ii ^The only power to save is religion | young man," asserted Henry. j ; : " I agree with you," replied Andrew, if* but it must be a real religion-a religion touch-?' ing every phase pf life, and fathoming the deepest human needs. A religion like yoij .were telling me about in that hymn you quoted is a caricature of real religion." li Henry would have replied, but he hear<| .his .daughter coming into the house. jj " Will you use you influence, and get you} church to take up< thismatter ?" Andrew; asked,'seeing him-hesitate.-: " No, young man. Our chapel arid schoc-U room waii'built as the house of God." I will ¡never, consent for.it to .become a club-room.'; "Both church and chapel had refused him; then, for he knew that Henry Yellarid was .as much a; master at the chapel as the rector was at the church. Certainly the leaders of religion were against, him.. Andrew enjoyed his tea thoroughly. Cer tainly Henry was a poor exponent of his re ligion, if that religion was the oriè expressed in Charles Wesley's hymn, for his table was literally laden with good food. A great ham, meatvgastiesj the remains of a huge chicken pie, and" äbunäance of clotted cream were placed on the table, while cakes and tarts were brought forward in great varieties. Certainly, whatever might be the condition of the poor farm laborer, Mr. Yelland fared sumptuously evbry day. After tea the family went to chapel, Andrew being placed in Henry's pew He found the ! place. nearly full, and unusual interest was /manifested. Andrew found that the churéh had. been trying to " get up a revival," arid on this , night they expected a breakdown among thè unconverted. Henry preached a remarkable sermon, and ^on this accasion made a great effect. ' I will not try and reproduce it. If I did, I should be accused of. irreverence, for many of his statements would shock many who have never attended a revival meeting in Loam shire. He took for his text, " The wages of sin is death," and spent his whole powers in trying to tell the meaning of death, which in his conception was a conscious eternal torture. He quoted the Methodist catechism, which said that the wicked would be punished in bell by having their bodies tor^ merited by fire, arid their souls by a sense of the wrath of God-_ He, moreover, enlarged on the idea that .these torments, would, last, for ever and ever. -Arid yet the man who-preached this could crack a joke with the best at the right time \--that 'is tb say, oh holiday occasions, mar ket days, sales, and so on, while he could eat roast beef and.plum pudding with a splendid appetite. ..... .. , , At length the sermon came to an end, and the prayer meeting commenced.. Now came the .time when the Loamshire - charac ter shone out. A great fear, almost amount ing to a panic, had laid hold of many of tba people, j who commenced to, groan. . There was,manifest sincerity,, too,, and a serious look settled on their faces. And this wu's scarcely wonderful. Fancy, if you can, a place nearly 10 miles, from a . gaslamp, where the people had been taught, for long generations to believe in ghosts,: apparition's, satanic visitations, and so forth, and then think bf the effect of preaching fearful doctrines. Moreover, it was a dark night, and some, had to go long distances alone. Every bush would be an unearthly visitant, every sound tho footstep of tho dead; Tho hymns they sang, too, were . calculated ; to arouse every bit of latent superstition in their natures. Andrew listened in woridor, The people did riot sing unmusically, but tho words were terrible,- . . .. We shall see the Judge descending; ? - In that great day, \- Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet Shall go sounding through the vale.. We shall see the graves all opening'' In the oíd churchyard, Whilst the'mighty, mighty trumpet, &c.; We shall hear the devils howling . In that great day, Whilst the mighty, mighty trumpet, Sec. .These words were set to a weird, creepy kind of music, and as at the close of each verse nearly the wholo congrégation burst forth with the following refrain^-: Tura, poor sinner, and escape eternal fire, . For you'll have to stand the fire in that great day Andrew began to feel something of the in fluence of a revival meeting. And yet there were no. penitents. The truth was the people were accustomed to this kind of thing, and while it exerted ail influence, many regarded it as a matter of course. As the meeting went on, the noise became great. One or two commenced to shout, three or four prayed at one time, until quiet thought was almost impossible. I will not describe this meeting further, or I shall, perchance, be accused of dealing flippantly with a solemn theme. For the same reason I will not relate the con versation which followed by ' some of the principal members of the Church. ' At the same time, if I am to tell the story of An drew Fairfax, I must necessarily refer to this part of his life. Neither would I be accused of lack of sympathy with religious revivals -nay, I hâve every belief in them provided they are genuine. Moreover, there was some excuse for the kind of meeting. I have described. The people were not very - susceptible to finer influences, their very condition of life had ' rendered them so sluggish and lethargic that only those influences which appealed to their grosser natures had much effect upon thenii Andrew, however, did not find.the meek ing helpful. To the young man whose suiToundirigs had been different, and whose intellect had been trained, the teaching and general influence were repugnant.' So much was this so that when he, was asked about his own spiritual .condition, he was led to "give expression to some very strong words. He told these people that their conception of God and religion was opposed ' to Avhat was best and truest, and that its power would grow'less year by year. ? .. -a The young man left the chapel with a bad name, and it was hinted that anyone hold ing such opinions as his was sufficient to kill any revival. Andrew wjent home with a sad heart. He felt as though he could do nothing. The clergymen had declined^ to help him; the people at thé chapel evidently regarded hht as a dangerous young mau. Meanwhile the villagers dragged put a weary, painful ex istence. They had nothing that gave in terest to their lives, nothing to refine or ennoble them. As for, their future, only a painful old age and the workhouse stared them in the face. (TO BE CONTINUED.) Two eminent French gentlemen, who were great friends, used to relate an amusing ' story'OT their impecunious days. Neither fame nor' for tune had cornie to them, but they were always hopeful. The years had weighed heavily enouga upon Jules, however, for him to have become entirely bald. : One day, Alphonse met him_*rtb a "beaming countenance and cried gaily : '"What do you think, Jules ? I have been buying a strong box!" "Then, Alphonse," replied Jules firmly, " I shall buy a hairbrush." 