WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN TEM PERANCE UNION. THE ANNUAL CONVENTION. On Thursday, March 9, the annual district convention of the Port Adelaide and West Torrens W.C.T.U. was commenced in the Brompton Wesley an Lecture-hall, -when repre sentatives of the Port and Semaphore. Bow den, Hindmarsb, Alberton, and Southwark unions were present and the district president (Mrs. W. Hamence) occupied the chair. There were between 30 and 40 delegates present, and a good number of visitors. The Feesident cordially welcomed the dele gates and the usual greetings were given. The president's annual report was as follows :— 'Twelve months have rolled away since, in this place, we met to enquire if we should be formed into a district, and we formed ourselves into one a week later. We will here raise praise to our heavenly Father for what has been done and ask His and your forbear ance for what might have been done which has been left undone. The year has been marked by that ever-to-be- regretted Btrike at Broken Hill, whereby our sisters and brothers have Battered so severely, and also by the open ing of that beautiful temple in Chicago. We hope before many years our beloved president may be able to open one in Adelaide or Hindmarah superior to that. We can only report this year one white ribbon babe, viz., Southwark, but we feel that one a year in a district is not sufficient, but we are nappy to say it is growing and thriving and not) likely to die, and this is something to be thankful for. Then there have been three rooms this year— Port Adelaide, which is thriving; Rosewater fought nobly for six months to try to keep open; and, lastly, Bowden has tried what it can do. To look after the lads and children is preventiop, which is better than cure. This year, sisters and friends, we want to unite our temperance forces, and if needs be continue that crusade against the liquor traffic that our American sisters started just about 20 years ago. Oh ! for such holy fire and zeal as they had there. Had we that we should turn our pnblichouseB into praying-rooms on the Sabbath, instead of now, as I see it, from C to 9 or 11 men rolling in and out on a Sabbath morning. Oh ! friends, it is time to unite to stop thisscourge of humanity, but I must stop to say we must never rest till we shall be enabled to enlighten those people who say God made alcohol. They might say with just as much force God made the de viL What we must try to do is to get them to let the devil alohe, whether in the form of alcohol or any other form. It is our duty to close as many -months as possible from being the drains through which this king of poisons finds its way into the organisms of mankind. It is our duty, who have studied and practised total abstinence, to be torchbearers and see that we lift the masses that they might form a mighty column to follow on, that our young may be encouraged to fight on, and that our L.T. legions may ba a trained noble army to take our places, because there is still our Abater's command to love one another, and this we are trying to do by getting others to join our ranks. At the meeting held by Mr. Dawsoa King several joined, and I feel sure if we could oftener hold meetings, not as now, so many of .our places being locked up from Sunday to Sunday, I feel many a weary mother would be led to cast her care on the Great Burden Bearer. Then Mr. Aitken, from Africa, gave us a lecture on Lovedaje, which brought funds to our treasury, and Miss Ellis very kindly gave us help, the proceeds of her day-Echool concert, which helped us also. Miss Mercett, from West Adelaide, helped and cheered our district very much, and we feel there is a reality in the sisterhood of even a bow of ribbon white, and to-day we can say in thewordscf asongm ourdearumqn 'Signal,' 'All round the world ourribbon white isfound.' May we soon see the time that in every town in Australia a union will be found, and instead of only two poor unions as we have now, with 10,000 inhabitants at Hindmarsb, it may be cumbered by one in every meeting place -where Christ is preached. I shall not rest till it is 60, God helping me. We are bound to work to help to checkmate the great enemy of souls, the fireside and friends. Our brothers are sitting in slippery places. Let this district make a move, having the most important object, the resoue of men and women from the claw of strong drink by pro viding bright Gospel temperance meetings, and if we cannot get these inside let ub go out and invite with loving tender words. Some have been won to our cause during the past year, but may we do more in the future for the restoration of many lives and homes to purity and peace. We must try to put good literature into the hands of our boys andgirls, for through the eye and ear is constantly carried into memory's storehouse, the chamber ? of imagery, in the heart of our boys and girls that which is to remain to exert a lasting and often pernicious influence upon their future lives. Be not deceived ; God is not mocked, for whatsoever a man, woman, boy, or girl soweth bo shall he reap. We are happy to say that by showing a bold front to the enemy we have the satisfaction of knowing that the wine license that was being applied for in Bowden has not been granted, and that our sister has not had to stand in court. It only cost us a few days' work and 10a., but what misery has been avoided, who can tell? We are determined to oppose every new license to the utmost of our ability.' A hearty vote of thanks was given to the president for her report. Miss Cabtledge presented the financial statement, showing that the income, inclusive of a balance of 12s 2d. from August 24, 1892, to March 9 was £4 10s. 5|d., and after ex penses had been paid there remained a balance of £30s. 5Jd. Mrs. Donald, superintendent of mothers meetings, submitted a report on the evan gelistic work of the Hindmarsh branch for the past six months, which showed that cottage prayer meetings had been a source of great spiritual blessing. Sixty-seven prayer meet ings bad been heid, and Bhe had made 127 cottage home visits. Seven sisters had joined the union, and three brethren had beoome honorary members. There had been three conversions at the mothers' meetings. On February 23 at a mothers' meeting at the Hindmarsh Y.M.C.A. rooms, Mrs. Whiting (colonial superintendent of mothers' meetings) gave an address on the work. The meetings were well attended, and the membership was on the increase. A club in connection with these meetings had been formed. The Cobbesponding Seceetabt (Mrs. Allen) reported that 127 pledges had been taken, and there had been 140 evangelistic meetings held. The membership of the Port Adelaide branch was 32, Bowden branoh 27, Alberton branch 10, Hindmarsh branch 39, Southwark branoh 34; total members 142, with 20 honorary members. She drew atten tion to the necessity of carrying on evangelistic work and the sustaining of cottage prayer meetings. It was important that these two branches of the work of the W.C.T.U. should be kept in prominence as means towards strengthening the respective branches of the union. They might also admit more honorary male members, as this would result in the strengthening of their work, as the gentlemen would not only show sympathy, but oould otherwise assist them. Mrs. Hone (superintendent of flower mis sions) read an interesting paper on the work of her department. A telegram was sent to Miss Ackerman in Sydney, which read as follows:— 'West Torrens and Port Adelaide Convention now sitting sends greetings and sympathy.' Reports of looal unions, Port Adelaide — A reading room had been opened and good work was done. Publiohouse visitation had been carried on with sucoeBB. Members visited ships and the Casualty Hospital and distri buted gospel temperance literature. Regret was expressed that Mrs. Allen, who had been president' for three years, would shortly leave. Mrs. Allen gave testimony to the good accomplished by the union at Port Adelaide, and the support given by local societies of Christian Endeavour. Bowden— The work was carried on- with suooess, and evangelistic meetings were now held in Coombes's Hall. A free reading-room had been started at Coombes's Hall, which wasiopen on Saturday evenings to encourage boys who are in the street to spend their time better. The Loyal Temperance Legion had again been started. Steps had been taken with success to prevent the granting of a wine license in Gibson-street, Bowden. Southwark — A branoh was started in May, 1892, with seven members, the membership now was 33. The flower mission was a success, and bouquets with printed scriptural texts had been distributed at the Adelaide goal. Gospel temperance meetings were very successful, and temperance pledges hadbeen taken. The work of the Ministering Children's League was progressing. The president -Mia. Hamenoe) vacated the chair when Mrs. Nicholla (colonial president) took her place, and the election of officers for the year was proceeded with with the following \- results:— Distriot president, Mrs. Hamence; recording secretary, Mrs. James Shearing; distriot treasurer, Mrs. Zyderveldt ; vice presidents, Mesdames Hone and Milne. Super* uitendenta of departments— Flower mission, ' Mrs. Hone ; Sunday- school work, Mrs. A. A. i Milne ; mothers' meetings, Mrs. Ottway; ? evangelistic, Mrs. Donald; coffee and reading ? rooms, Mrs. Zyderfeldt. Mrs. Hamence expressed her thanks at being : re-eleoted president, and took the ohaif. Mrs. Zydebpeedt read a paper on 'Free 1 reading-rooms,' which ~ she ' said if wisely managed would act as a charm to keep the boys from the insidious pleasures of dancing rooms and publiohousea. She advocated taking upthis branoh, and remarked that spaBmodio : efforts in the work of temperanoe were not sufficient, butthey^sh-oald^BrBfevere. ; Mrs. Allek referred to the- difficulties in the \- way ' of forming tree reading-rooms. She hoped toaee the time arrive when instead of j having large pobltobouseB at street oomera '? there would be *ennperanoe buildings in which r theyontifftemtt congregate, me was strongly ;intfttoro1twapg,me»BttreB 2o.-ge}hold«f the. Btreet boys, and would like to see a social work in this respect. . r Mrs. A. A. Milnk said they at Bowden ex perienced a difficulty with rough lads only on one occasion. They had got hold of the boys, and found that they were manageable, and took a great interest iu the meetings. Mrs. Melvin spoke on ' The train and cab,' and said there were 150 trams and 400 cabs night and day — on the move in Adelaide. She as superintendent of the tram and cab de partment, started with nothing, but in two days after commencing had received £16 16a. It cost £5 a year for literature, which was distributed amongst the tram and cabmen. For two years her department had given socials to the men, but it had been thought that more good could be done by assisting them in other ways in preference to socials, which had cost £11 lls. each. This money was now distributed to the needy families of the tram and cabmen, and this had been found to be a more useful means of affording relief and attracting these men in more excellent ways. ' Mis3 Nicholson gave a paper on 'The curses of another land,' in which was stated that in an organisation that sets itself to effect a desired reform there must be three con stituents to ensure perfect success — intensity of purpose, the heart requisites; variety of method, and comprehensiveness of aim, the brain requisites. The W.C.T.U. bad never lacked the first element of success. The great throb of intensity whioh gave to the union birth was felt in the life of the organisation, and was still its vital element, and so soon as it died out so would the union die. The union had not failed through lack of methods. It recognised that united minds were no less strong in their sphere than united-hearts, and led by a presi dent of Et) broad and intelligent a mind as Frances Millard there was little wonder if its members should learn of her to eschew poor means and narrow ways. Although there was room for growth in this direction they should remember that each new member ought to mean an added command of methods to the union. The union had adopted the principle to guard a city guard every gate. With regard to the third element of success, it would be admitted by all leaders of the movement that the aim or the W.C.T.U. was much more broadly comprehensive than at first appeared. Its name of 'Christian temperance' was in opposition to all things un-Christlike and in temperate. When alcohol was relegated to the poison shelf of the pharmacist there would be joy in the temperance camp. When that was the case they should not think the work of the union was completed. Their motto was, 'For God and humanity ;,' and then they had to consider the cry from a heathen land— 'Free us from the chains a Christian people has bound us with ; deliver us from the curse of opium.' The cry from China missionaries was,'' How can we preach Jesus to £ those people who cry 'foreign devils who brought to us the opium ; we want not your opium, wo want not your Jesus ?' She then dealt with the beginning of the opium trade by the East India Company in 1773, and traced its course, the action of the British Government, aud the present position of Chinese as affected by the opium trade. She mentioned that the Emperor of China yielded to force and signed a treaty legalising that which has since proved a greater curse to China than is alcohol to us. She quoted from Miss Seed's little work op. China respecting the opinion of the literati and elders of Canton— ' If we are told to let things go on as they are going then there is no remedy nor salvation for China.9' India was also falling Barely under the influence of opium. In conclusion Miss Nicholson said — 'Can we expect, do we deserve, to be freed from our own curse of aloohoL while we have a deaf ear to the en treaties of our Chinese and our Indian brothers? Perhaps it is too late for us to utterly expel the opium from China now, for she has learned to grow it for herself; but at leats we can cease to send her yearly the quanti ties of opium contained in 80,000 chests. We can prevent its growth in India. We have the cry of the opium sufferers of China and India. What 'claim have they on this union ? The claim of one common God whose great living heart cares none the less strongly for the Chinaman than for the Englishman, the claim of a common humanity in regard to whioh come the inspired words, 'We ought also to lay down our lives for the brethren.' Is it to be less willingly for our Chinese than our English brothers?' Mrs. Nicholls eaid the W.C.T.U. could not do much, and some would say, ' What has the opium trade to do with South Australia V but she would say that they were cosmopolitan and had sisters in China who wore the white -ribbon. People of English blood were also suffering from taking opium, and as a nation the English race would suffer from the iniquitous opium traffic. Miss George read a paper on ' The Loyal Temperance Legion,' in which she showed the best means of encouraging children to grow up in temperance principles. Out of every 100 re formed drunkards it was said that 90 per cent, returned to their former habits, but out of every 100 boys who signed the pledge 90 remained true to their pledge. The founda tion of truth was that the body was the temple of the Holy Ghost, and consequently it should be kepb pure. Alcohol and nicotine were injurious. Every union Bhould have a training ground from which to draw recruits, and they should prepare the members of the Loyal Christian Temperance Legions to resist the temptation of strong drink. The objec tions that the Loyal Temperance Legion would come in contact with the bands of hope were not valid. The young oould grow up to be temperance men and women, and by this achievement the timewould come when there would be no occasion to say to the Government of the country, ''Please, give us a law for Sunday-closing,' for no one would purchase drink, and intemperance would cease of itself. If they were to be successful in their work they must have discipline, and the laws of the legion provided tbiB. The following resolutions were carried unanimously :— That this cooventlon calls upon all thn local unions In this district to U8e every legitimate effort to secure toe return of candidates to Parliament who will be on the aide of righteousness ; -aleo that they will see that the question of woman's su&aKe; is made a test ques tion to each candidate. That tbis oonTehtion expres'es its sympathy with the local unions in tbis distriot which have lost mem bers by death during the year. That it be a leoommerdation of this convention that each lo^al union holds one public meeting during the year to wbioh the district ofnoers be invived, and a colleotlon token for the work ot the district. That this convention learns with deep regret that ib is the oubtom in some pUoee to hold muniolpal elections in pnblio houses, and It hereby resolves to use every means in its power to have the piaotice dioontinued. Thataveiy oordlal vote of thanks be riven— 1st, to the trustees of the Brompton Weeleyan Church for the use of tbis schoolroom and all things necessary for comfortable lanoh and tea ; 2nd, to the sisters who hive collected gifts for the lunch and teaand superin- tended the arrangements for serving them in tuoh a dainty and attractive manner ; 3rd, to our visitors from other districts tor their kindly sympathy and greetings; 4th, to the rnlnibtcrs of the distriot for announcing our meetings during the paet year ; 6th, to the press for their kind and full reports of our meetings. A public meeting was held in the lecture hall in the evening, when Mrs. Hamence pre sided over a large attendanoe. Addresses were given by Mrs. Nioholls, Miss George, Messrs. M. Wood Green and J. Pickering. The second annual convention of the Sturt distriot W.O.T.TJ. was held in the Presby terian Church, Goodwood, on March 10. Mrs. Edwards, the district president, occupied the chair, there being a large attendanoe of dele gates. Mrs, Piebce welcomed the delegates, and Mrs. McPheeson and Miss Jabvis suitably responded. Greetings were reoeived from the Fort Adelaide and West Torrens district, whioh had met on the previous day, and Mrs. Nicholls (the colonial president) congratulated the district on the success that had attended its labors during the year. The Corbesponddjg Secbetaby (Mrs. A. A. Scott) presented her report for the Sturt district. She stated there had been a steady and persevering work done among the three unions belonging to the district. Although no new unions had been formed, yet an im portant work had been taken up at Happy Valley by holding Gospel temperance meetings at the camp among the men. This work wan begun in May and had been much appreciated by the men, eighteen trips having been made. They had taken 133 pledges at the camp, and the men appeared much interested. The union had 96 members and 11 honorary mem bers, while 169 pledges had been taken. Thirty-six business ' meetings had been held, two socials, and a number of prayer, publio, and cottage meetings. The President in her annual report stated that most of the time of the district union had been absorbed in laying the foundations of the work, and now they were on a more established basis it was hoped, with the year before them, that in their united strength as a distriot) they would prove a power for good. They wanted a revival in their churches, so that the members realising the curse of strong drink lay at the root of the greater part of the sin and misery m the world should not rest until the evil was put from their midst. All businesses and trades whioh are carried on for the good of the community are and should be protected by law, but the trades of making and selling intoxicants were not for the good of the community, and should not be tolerated far less encouraged by any Christian Govern ment. It was stated that a large revenue was derived from the trade, but against that was the cost and maintenance of public institutions largely tenanted by victims of intemperance. Looal option was good, but the true cure was prohibition, and for that they must work. They were on the eve of a generqfcelection, and as they, as women, were not sup-, poeed capable of voting, -they should by every ' means in their power -urge on their friends enjoying the privilege of voting to obtain definite pledges from the candidates,, and to vote, only for those who would help on the cause of prohibition. The poireror prestige of voting being extended to women was fthe' surest . w.aj --jt «eooxisg.: ptohitntioD, and no reason could be brought forward to Bhow why eduoated women could not have sound opinions on any questions whioh had to be submitted to the electors, and there were many subjects on which women were more capable than men of forming right views. It was no more than justioe they asked, as they were called upon to pay their share of taxes, and yet were not allowed to have any voice in the making of the laws. As a district much 'attention has been given to evangelistic work, 133 pledges had been taken, and Gospel temperance meetings had beenbeld at Ed wards town, Unley, and Mitcham. With regard to literature it was suggested that every union be supplied with national leaflets and similar temperance literature. The mothers' meeting was an important element in their work, and it was hoped that this branch of the work would be taken up where possible. Cottage meetings had been energetically carried on m Goodwood. There was one 'T° union at Parkside, but it was hoped that more would be established. There was also one Loyal Temperance Legion in the distriot, and the work of organisation had been energetically carried on. Regarding grocers' licenses last year the convention protested against the system. The president closed her report with an earnest appeal for sustained zeal in the work of the union. The statement of receipts and expenditure showed that £28 4s. had been collected, while £22 17s. 6d. had been spent in the Happy Valley work, the cash in hand amounting to Is. lOd. At the afternoon session, after questions in the question box had been answered, the elec tion of officers took place, the following being elected for the ensuing year: — Mrs. R. Edwards was unanimously re-elected president; Miss Jarvis, corresponding secretary ; record ing secretary, Mrs. MoPherson; treasurer, Mrs. G. S. Cotton; vice- presidents, Mis. Pierce and Mrs. Clement. Papers were read by Mrs. Holder on 'The Duty of Christians towards the Temperance Cause,' and by Miss Graaby on 'Health and Hyefiane.' Miss George then jjave an address on the work of the 'Y' Union and the Loyal Temperance Legion, giving various suggestions for increasing the usefulness of the work in the future. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mrs. Holder, Miss Grasby and Mjbs George. The Rev. B. J. Henderson, on behalf of the Christian churches in the neighborhood, greeted the conference. Mrs. Hooper moved — That this convention nrg-=8 the local onions In this district to use tvtry possible effort) tjeeoaie ths re turn to Parliament of men who are pledged to sup port national righteousness, al=o to ascertain tbe views of every candidate on the question of woman's suffrage. Mrs. Robinson seconded the motion, which was carried. Mies Fbajtcis moved — That, in accordance with a resolution ptssed by our district) convention last year, we hereby pledge oor eelves not to deal with grot era who hive a license to sell intoxicating drink. Mrs. Da vies seconded the motion, which was carried. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded the churoh authorities for the use of the church, and also to Mrs. Scott for her services during the year as secretary. A letter was read by Mrs. Nicholas from Frances E. Willard, addressed from London to Miss Jessie Ackerman, inviting her to go to Chicago in time for the World's W.C.T.U., so that a report of her work might be re ceived, as her counsel on many important matters was desired. The writer stated that tbe energy and talent of Miss Ackerman were fully appreciated at home, and they wished to see her and give a much deserved welcome. It was decided to send greetings to Miss Aokerman. Votes of thanks were accorded to Mrs. Nicholls and Miss George. The conference closed with devotional exeroises. In the evening a public meeting was held, and Mrs. Edwards presided over a fair atten dance. The Goodwood Scotch Choir during the evening sang hymns and anthems. Mr. J. Gbat, representing the Band of Hope, addressed the meeting at length, deal ing with the curse of drink. He cited the scenes of degradation be had witnessed in the Police Court caused through drunkenness. He was in favor of prohibiting children ac quiring a taste for drink until they had reached the age of 21 years. Dr. Magarbt, M.L.C., said he looked upon the work of the W.C.T.U. in the aid of temperance as one of the most encouraging signs of the times. The burden of work must not be thrust altogether on the women. There was no better authority than Mr. Gray on tbe temptations which children had to submit to, and he was right when he said action would have to be taken in the matter. He would like to have Mr. Gray sitting next him at tbe next session of Parliament to aid him in the great work. He cited some of the objects of the Bill he had introduced into the last Parliament. He took no notice of the sneers and ridicule he had received. He intended to reintro duce the Bill at the earliest opportunity. It would be a calamity if tbey became a nation of teetotallers. (Laughter.) What they wanted was the ' direct veto.9' Broad principles should be put directly before the people. Female suffrage and temperance re form must proceed together, and they looked with longing to the enfranchisement of women. Gladstone had said legislation should make it easy to do right and difficult, to do wrong. He would like to add difficult to beoome rich and difficult to beoome poor ; not impossible to become rich and not impos sible to beoome poor. Did the present licens ing laws make it easy to do right? No; it was easy for a man who took to drink to do wrong, and also to beoome poor. It was a crying shame that people should send their \- children to hotels to procure drink. He wa3 sick of law. One law for the rich and another for the poor was one of the truest things ever said. This was instanced by the fact that in New Zealand, when all the public houses were closed, he had read that at the direction of the licensing committee the Supreme Court came in and quashed the decision of the licensing bench. He did not wish to harass the publicans. It was his object to help them — to get out of their bum ness— (laughter)— and that would be a bless ing. Dr. Magarey was listened to with atten tion throughout his address and applauded at frequent intervals. Mrs. Nicholls also ad dressed the meeting. 