A REAL SLICE BE LUBE. TOLD BY AN EN-DETECTIVE. It was tho height of tho soason atMiddloliamp tou-on-Sofl, when I found myself oujoying the blosaings of a holiday. Weary in bruin and body, 1 turned ray back on tho din and turmoil of Loudon for a fortnight. As I eat iu tho train with ray wife and family. I thought I hud entered upon a new ora of my life. I Boomed to actually feel tho weight of caro and vexation riso from my- shoulders; for fourteen blissful days were my own, without tho fear of being rung up at untimely hours. I had done for tho nonen with stealing about dark and shadowy places in search of tfomo miscreant, ort what is often just ns todious, trucking a thief in the guiao of a goutlomau from hotel to 1 remember on ono occasion playing a game of hido-and-aoek with ono of this class, who led mo a pretty dance. Wherever I put in an appearance, ho had just disappeared, and never empty-handed ; but at last I ran him to earth at an hotel where a number of rich Americans wore staying, and landed my fish, who gave in, like tho common-bred article ho was, tho moment I hooked him. But this is passing. Everything had boon arranged for our recep tion at Middloharapton-on-Soa. The landlady doubtless took mo for a well-to-do clerk, or something of that Bort, and I ilatterod rayaolf that in ray brand-new tweed suit and straw hat tho lost thing people would take rao for was an oflicor connected with tho dotcctivo dopart The tide of humanity seemed to me to bo almost os wonderful as tho tide of the ocean. There wore, as a communicative henchman told rao, “ tons of visitors ” present. They crowded tho Esplanade ; they strolled and tnooued about | the High-stroot in hundreds, and pickled them selves in the briny in shoals. Being a sociable animal, I generally drop into the coffee-room of an hotel to enjoy a glass, a smoko, and a chat before going to bod, and in accordance with my custom, I strolled into the Norfolk, wherel found a numbor of sea captains ashoro, a few shipowners, and perhaps half a dozen local tradesmen, but no visitors. I felt disappointed, and thinking that I had hit upon tho wrong place, emptied myglas3, and was pre paring to go, wlieu thsre lounged iuto the room a tall, gentlemanly man, He was woll and neatly dressod, from his collar down to his faultless boots, which fitted him fike a pair of gloves, Thoro was about him tho air of an indepoudont man who was killing time, and found that oven an exertion* and a His cheek-hones wore a little, too high, his mouth too largo, and his eyes too cloao to oach other for my liking; but Naturo turned ua out of a variety of moulds, and tho man wo dislike at first sight often carries a heart aB true and honest as sterling gold. It was evident that tho uew-comor was ex pected. The local tradesmen nudged each other, the shipowners ceased poring over tho “Shipping Gazette," and tho soa captainB forgot to talk wind and weather. Iu a few minutes I gathered that tho gentle man rejoiced iu tho aristocratic name of Do Caux, and had boon staying at tho Norfolk for a wo ok. Ho was an ingenious man, and had takon everybody into his confidence. Mr Box, tho landlord of tho hotel, bowed down beforo him, and the frequontors of tho room hung on his very words, and not without rooaou, for Mr De Caux had been everywhere and know overy body. Ho had hobnobbed with Ministers of the Crown, and might have sat in Parliament but for tho f aot that he had takon an oath not to meet a certain man; and ho had come to Middlehamp ton-on-Seafor quiot andreat bofore starting ou a long journey in his stoam yacht, which, he stated, was then under ropairs. I listened in amazement, uotao much that tho man should talk in this strain, but that others who had travelled the world over should believe one-half what ho Baid, Tho character was not new to mo. I had mot many such a fellow, who, finding himself unoxpoctodly in tho poBaoasion of a few hundred pounds, seeks some out-of-the way place to astonish tho natives and leave a rocord bohind him. Thohahitues of the Bnug coffee-room treated rao civilly enough, but in comparison to Mr Do Caux I was a mere nonentity. By some means or other tho conversation turned upon hanks and banking. Rox, tho landlord, joined in, and declared it was a crying shame that the branch of the L-S W-should only bo open on Tuesdays and Saturdays. “I got so aiok of it, ” he said, flourishing a long pipe, ** that very often I don’t trouble to bank for weeks, especially at tho height of tho soaaon, when I can't call a momout my own 1 until late in tho evouing. Just Btop rouud and see what my bars are liko. You’ll find ’em 1 crammed with visitors, and I ought to bo thoro | now, but"—bowing deferentially to Mr Do Caux—“ sinco you have come among us, I can’t rosist tho temptation of en joyiug an hour in tho society you have been good onough to give us," “YYhy don’t you write to the directors of the bank and place your grievance beforo them? ** ' demanded tho groat Do Caux. “ I would. No doubt, Mr Rox, you have oftcu largo suras of monoy in your house ?" “ I should think I have 1 Why, at tho present moment-Good evening, Mr Trailer." Mr Trollor was the superintendent of tho police—a stoutf burly man, blessed with a largo bald head, staring eyes, aud a painfully wheezy Mr Do Caux shook him cordially by the hand, changed chaiis so that ho might sit at his sido, and ordored Mr Rox to fill a glass with some thing which tho superintendent soemed par ticularly partial to, for on its being supplied, he emptied the gliBH at a gulp and sot it down. This feat soomod to Mr Do Cnux’s mind quito a work of art, and tho landlord’s services woro again called into requisition. Again the subject changed, and this timo with regard to the number of police oraployod at Middlehampton-on-Sea. With a grunt, which Mr Trollor moaut for a laugh, ho was good onough to inform ub that tho country authorities considered four men sufficient to protect bix thousand souls while they walked abroad or sloptin their beds. ■ “ You see, " ho said, in that awful voico of hia, “wo arc all honest hero; and as to the visitors, I hav’n’t had a soriotiB charge for years. Occasionally wo got a drunken excurs ionist, but—bah 1—that is nothing. " And so thoy talked and drank and laughed until Mr Rox roluctautly told ub that eleven o’clock had come, and that all but lodgors in tho houBQ must depart. I was the first to go, and as I walked in tho moonlight to my long ings, I laughed at what I had seen and heard. Perhaps it wns just us well that^ Mr Rox and hiB customers wore so simple- minded; but I could not quito understand Mr Superintendent Trailer, and I came to the conclusion that had Mr Do Caux liked, he could have wormed out of him a good deal of information, which, if porhapB not exactly official, might prove ex tremoly useful to an unscrupulous man. Early next morning I mot Mr De Caux, We bathodfroru adjoiniug machines, and bo, recog nising mo, hoped that ho would have tho honor of ray company in tho evoning, which—savo tho honor—I stated ho would undoubtedly have. Now it was no buomosR of mine to make my self known to Mr Troller. Had I chose I could have done so, but my mind was not so bent. Iu tho first place, I was on leave, and a frco Innco, and, secondly, I was not convinced that Troller—who was about as fit for his post as a log of wood—would not hint mysteriously at what I was, and rondor the remainder of my 1 holidays extremely uncomfortablo. For I must toll you that when a detective is , at play there is as much difference in him as I Philip" drunk and Philip sober. He drops 14 shop “ as he drops a hot coal, and it is with a growing despair in his heart that he counts tho days to the ono when he must again pick up the thread which loads so unfortunatoly to tho dock and prison. Tho day passed pleaaently enough, and after a Into dinner (we waroquito genteel at Middle hamptou-on-Ssa) I wandered about the esplan ade alono. Tho tido was out, and growing tired of gazing at a mile or so of fiat sand and sea-weed, itBtruck mo that I should be wasting time in sooing what tho town away from the High-street was like. But for ono thing I was not ropaid for my troublo. The thoroughfares wore narrow, and tho dwollings mostly small. Tho houses woro full enough now, hut I pictured to myself what thoy would be like in a few wooka1 timo, whon sorrowing landladies sat in the baok kitchens listening to tho howling of the wind as it swept tho desolate shore, and wishing that it was always Bummer, and visitors did not migrate with tho regularity of swallows, l An old sign stretching half a across ono of tho 1 atroota attracted my notice. The house to , which it was attached had gables, which hung i frowningly ovor liko heavy oyobrows; tho door was arched, and lost people should pass it heed lessly by, tho propriotor had caused to bo painted I on it the inscription, 44 Tho Old White Bear. I Good entertainment Forman and beast. ” I was pondering on tho age end history of tho house, when tho curiously-shaped door opened and a man stopped cautiously out, and in spito of a soft felt hat pulled well ovor his eyes, I recognised tho celebrated Mr Do Caux. Of course, ho had as much right to explore tho | interior of Tho Old Whito Bear as I had to stare at the exterior, yofc it struck mo sb rather i strange that go distinguished a personage should find his way there. Ho did not notice rao, but walked swiftly towards tho High-street, and no sooner was ho out of sight than I stopped into the hostelry—or, father, 1 should say, I foil in; for, not noticing that two stops had to ho negotiated, I went a crash against the counter, “Uponmy word, ” I said to the grinning landlord, “ I ought to apologise for startling “ Oh, ” he replied, “ wo get usod to that sort of tiling. My only hope is that you havo not hurt yourself'. I think I must have the floor raisod level with tho road. ” . “ And high time, ” I rojoiued, laughing. “Well, thank goodness no harm i9 done; so draw mo a good glass of ale, and I’ll sit down and forget that I havo had a shaking, ” “ Won’t you walk into the parlor ?”iuquircd the landlord. “You will find it less draughty than sitting hero. “ I accepted his invitation, and on entering tho room found myself in the presence of two men. Tho moment I appeared thoy rose to dopart; but before they had time to pass out of the door, I had taken stock of thorn. The contrast be tween them was great. Ono was short, thick set, with arraB out of proportion to hio hoight; tho other was tall, slim, thin-featured, and sham bling in hiB gait. “ I suppose, ” said I, ns tho landlord brought in the alo on a tray, “ teat you are not much troubled with visitoro ? ” “Thoy drop in and o*»t. ** ho replied; “ but I don’t take much notice of them. The two just left aro strangers to rao. You see, air, I depend on theiuhabitantafor my living, and tho seasons don’t make much difference to my trade. ” “ I ran against another fellow as I was coming in," I said, “and I fancied I had Been him somowhore. ” “Most likely. Ho went into the parlor, and got into conversation with the others, as njplo will do at the seaside. For my own part, carcoly over leave my house, save on Sunday afternoon, when I take a stroll for my health’s | Bake; so it is not likely that I take much notice of people who come and go. ” I drank up ray ale and wandered back to the busy part of the town. What I had Been set me thinking. I remembered what Mr Rox, of the Norfolk, had said about keeping a great deal of money in tho house, and X meditated ou thepopularity of Mr De Caux, who had set up his altar in the smoking-room for tho simple-minded people to bow down to. “ Como, come,” aaid I; “this won’t do. 1 am down hero to enjoy rayeolf and mind my own business. What an ass I am to fret and fume , about people I have never seen before! It is : quite within the bounds of possibility that I havo been spotted by a constable in private clothes, bo I will let Mr Do Caux go hia own way, and I will go mine.” It was just nine o’clock when I approached tho Norfolk. Sounds of hilarity floated from the half opon window. Mr De Caux was tolling ono of his famous stories, and had “sot the table on a roar.” Mr Superintendent Troller was in a painful state of mirth. Tears ran down his cheeks, his fat sides shook, and every now and then ho kicked spasmodically, as if he were going to havo a fit. “I assure you it is true,” said Mr De Caux. “ I eftw it with my own eyes, ” A perfect shriek went up at this, and Mr Rox was no overcome that ho bit off tho end of his pipe and narrowly oacapod swallowing it. I concluded that, by being a little late, I had lost a good thing. Every body said so, too, and X had to bo content with listening to tho story second-hand. What it was about I forget now, save that it was as truthful as the punishment of the man in tho moon for gathering sticks on Sunday. I pretended to laugh with tho rest, and Mr Do Caux was in such good humor that he insisted on tho glasses boiug refilled, not only once, but twico aud thrice. I regret to say that Mr Troller got exceedingly mellow, and volunteered to sing a song, whpreupon the landlord fled in diearaay, and the r&l;| of the company coughed behind their hands. As I was passing out, Mr De Caux stopped me in tho doorway. “ I have token a fancy to you,” he said, “You have not Baid very much, but I know a man of the world whon I boo one. Now,” he added, looking at mo out of the corner of his oyes, “ I should say that you either hold or did hold a commission ra the army.” “You flatter my appoarance,” I responded. “To the beat of my knowledge, I have never dra vn a sword in my life.” “Than I am vastly mistaken. But surely you have boon in'some oflicial capacity V” “lain afraid I know more of pickles and jams than whutyou are talking about.” “I don’t care what you are,” ho replied, pressing my baud warmly. “ I have taken a liking to you, aud that is sufficient. Hang it, what does it signify how a man gets hia living bo long as ho is a man ? Will you go for a drivo with mo in the morning?” 44 With the greatest of pleasure,” I said—and I moantit. Little did ho or I think wbat sort of drive wo woro to take, and how advantageous it was to prove to ono of us. That night I alopt but little, and when I did my dreams wore of such a troubled nature that in the morning I found myself, unrefreshed and with a singing in my oars which promised to develop into as nasty a headache aa ever man wob afflicted with, I don’t know what possessed me, but as soon as I hud gone through tho farce of breaking ray fnat, I stepped over to tho poat-ofiico, aud wired the description of Mr Do Caux to tho chief then iu charge of the “ Yard.” The olerk who took tho message was visibly affected as ho counted tho number of words. Tho poncil jumped about tho paper liko the indicator of a telegraph instrument. “ I’ll attend to this myaolf,” he said. “ Will you wait ono minute, sir ? I should liko to havo a word with you.” Iuafow minutos ho returned, and loaning ovor tho counter, said: “Perhaps you don't know that a burglary was commited at tho Norfolk last night. The thiovos broko opon tho safo, stole all tho money, and then had tho audacity to enter a gentla nmn’a bodroora, and not only walked ofi with his watch and chain, but a Gladstone bag con- • taming jewellery and valuables to a considerable amount.” . | A loug oourso of training and experience hud taught mo never to betray astonishment, but j ou this occasion I think I must have done so, for I found myaolf clutching at thoVdgo of tho | counter with ono hand and rubbing my throat1 with tho othor. 41 Indeed,” I said. 44 Well, soud tho reply; ovor to tho Norfolk, I will go thero at once.” On tho doorstop stood poor Mr Rox, Do j Caux and Superintendent Troller. Rox was as pale as a ghost. Trailer looked perfectly greasy with perspiration, and Do Caux waB laying down tho law in no measured 44 A nico thing this ib for mo !” ho was say ing. “ I don’t Caro so much about the valuo of tho things, but they woro nearly all heirlooms. There was a mourning-ring which I would not havo parted with far twice a hundred pounds. Why the deuce,” he added, turning furiously upon Rox, “ don’t you have your aid© windows fitted with abutters? Any hoy with a putty knife could force back such a fastening.*' Mr Rox remained silent. Speech had almost failed him since the discovery of his loss. Tbo burglars had entered thu house by a window under the archway, and ontering the office, had made a clean sweep of everything worth taking. The safe, a very old one, had given the burglars but little trouble, and a trifle over two | hundred pounds had boon extracted. The watchless and hoirlooraless Do Caux np | poared to be half mad with grief and rage. “This," said ho, 41 comes of carrying my heart on my sleeve. This is the result of talking before strangers. Oh, tho fool I have made of myself l" JuBt then I espied tho telegraph boy, and met him half way. To tear off tho buff cover and read tho contents of tho message was but tho v work of a moment: 44 Tho man is wanted. Detain him,” That was enough for mo. I strolled calmly back, with my hands in my pockets, and hum Iming tho air of a popular tune. Trailer now stood alone in the doorway, and I beckoned to 141 haven’t time to talk to you or anybody,*’ ho wheezed. “ Pray don’t bother me. My mon aro Bcouring the country, and I am just going to wire to Scotland Yard.1* “I have saved you the trouble by doing so, 44 You!” The color died out of his face, and ho tilted backwards on his heels. • “Ygb. Pardon me, Mr Treller, but I you havo lost your head. Step up to the station ; J and bring a pair of handcuffs. I have moro than ample reason for remaining here. MyC namo is Y--, and I havo been connected with the detective department for moro than twenty Mr Treller^ ran—j-es, ho actually ran—for the first timo in tho memory of living man. Tradesmen rushed to their ehop-doors and watched him in open-mouthed amazement, and the wag of tho place promptly put it about that the superintendent had started training for the sports advertised to take place in a week’s X entered tho hotel, and found Do Caux in earnest conversation with tho landlord. 441 consider,” said the former, 44 that you have been greatly to blame, and it will be my duty to bring an action against you. Under the circumstances, it would be idle of me to stay hero, so I will go to London, and return in a few days.’'* “Business calls mo to town,” I remarked, 4‘ so perhaps you will not mind travelling with me. X stopped in to sympathise with you” “ Pray don't,” Do Caux interposed, waving his hand. “ Well, well! Excuse my brusque* ness, but you canuot toll how upset I am.”* Just then Superintendent Trailer camo back. Ho was melting like butter in the sun. I gave him a look to keep silence, as I wanted to give Do Caux timo to peck up tho rest of his belong ings. Tbo moment ho went up stairs I drew the superintendent aside. “I have altered my mind,” I Baid, “At present I have no real cluo to who the man is, bo I intend to shadow him in the hope of drop ping on his companions with the 8wag. Givo mo the handcuffs, and wire to HorsfOrd fora constable to meet mo at tho station in caso I should need his assistance.” The superintendent made no demur. After his unwonted exertions ho was in a kind of dreamy Btato. and could only hope that I would he successful^ Half an hour later Do Caux and I woro on oar way to Loudon. At tho terminus wo purtod, hut not for long. No soonor was ho in one hansom than I was in anothor. Tho driver knew mo, and took tho hint at once when X said. “ .Follow,” For tho best part of an hour we rattled through the streets of London, until tho hansom containing Do Caux bowled into a road flankod with neat villas end came to a atop. 41 Pull round sharp,” I said, pushing up tho trap; 441 have seen enough. Now drive mo to H-street station.’* A dozen words with tho inspector on duty put half that number of men in private clothes under ray direction. Do Caux, or whatever was really his name, was now as safe aa if held in a vice with a giant at tho handle. All day he lay quiet, aa he did in the evening. About ten o’clock a girl dressed as a servant out for the evening loft the house. She was fol lowed by a44 Bhadow,” who reported that Bhe had left a note at a house in J-street, and had then taken a tramcar for the northern part of London. Opposite Mr De Caux’a villa was' an. empty i:>$v****«* house, and then I and my assistants watched and waited. Midnight came, and then out went the lights on the other side, I had begun to think that nothing would come of our patience, when the sound of wheels broke upon my ears. A four-wheeled cab came jolting along, and to my great joy stopped at tho suspected houso. Two men stepped out. One carried a parcel and the other a Gladstone bag. They went boldly up to the door and knockod, and at the moment it wao opened I and my meu darted across the road. Blows, curses, and a good doal of struggling followed, but the tight ended entirely iu onr favor, and I had the satisfaction of escorting the famed De Caux and tho two men I had mot at tho old White Boar to tbo station. Tho 44 swag ” wasalmoHt intact, and the des pair of tho prisoners unique, I neod not enlarge on what followed, but explain briefly that De Caux, whose name afterwards transpired to bo a very common one indeed, was nothing moro nor less than tho pionoer of a clover gang of burglars. Tho 44put up” job at Middleharapton-on Sea was one of tho elevorest 1 had over to deal with. Do Caux, a31 will call him, let tho burglars in, and while they were at work wont calmly back to bod. To keop up tho part ho was playing, his accomplices walkod off with his watch and chain and Gladstone bag, which, however, did not contain a valuable mourning ring, or auything of value. Mr Box got tho most part of his money back, and spent a portion of it in having his windowa bettor protected, and I don’t mind saying that he did not forget your humble servant. It was, indeed, a real alico of luck all round, save to poor Trollor. That unhappy man never got over how he had been takou in. Tho notion that he had ' hobnoddod and made friends with a notorious rascal was more than ho could stand, and after a short time he “handed his papers in ” and retired. It was limo ho did bd ; but, if I am not mistaken, so far a3 sharpness goes, I fear that tho race of Treller is not yot oxtinct.— “Weekly Budget.” 