THE LADIES' COLUMN. Fashion is as capricious as the weather. A fair day brings out the robin's egg blue of summer silks, and the canary yellow of spring toilettes. A cloud crosses the hor zan, and dame Fashion calls to her brood: SRan, run, my children, the sky is going t, fall," after the pattern of the figurative hen, and they all scud home to reappear in s arm cloaks and umbrellas. And very lkely the sky wl fallinfrequent showers ; bat as a counter-balance the new dress is not worn out before its time, as it would be if every day were fine. There is an art in always looking fresh and dainty, and having one's clothes crisp and new-not commercially new, as if they merely re presented money, but new with the Instre of youth and good keeping. There are too many people who announce in every fold of their attire, "I live in a house dlstressing," and as we pass through the world we must be taken for what we appear to be. Even a frayed-out flower is unlovely. I have heard of an innovation-or is it a revival?-in the method of wearing the bridal veil which is to be brought out. It has been the custom to have a part of the veil fall over the face; or a special face veil of the bridal tulle was worn and taken off by the bridesmaid, before the bride re ceived congratulations. . ow the veil isto envelop her, falling to her feet back and front, but rer?aining oren at the sides so that she can have the free use of her hands. And it is to be worn until replaced by the going-away cos-ine. The imprisoned bride will look very much like a ghost, but the new veil will be he means of dispensing with the osculatory exhibitions which are usually in bad t?ae at a public ceremony. What Edmund Eu-sell call "sT- t of licht" are worn m.ret han ever. They are solitaire diamonds wo"rn everwhere as- well as on the finger; in the hair, in bows, a the fastening o- a drey-, at the belt, and twinkle to the ashionable armnment--the more stars, the more twinkle. It is said that large brilliant -can to very ,uccess fully worn wth a few gemnine diamonds, and never be founnd ou. It is supposed that they borrow enough reflected light to deceive the experts. A bride's onsg-away dress is, to be com mended for its elegant simplicity. It is one of these fine novelty-cloths in blue grey, with a running wary pattern in white silk, which come in costume lengths, part of the goods being lain. The folds where the skirt and waist connect are very new, and becoming to slight figure-s. The fine cord on the waist and the narrow box plaited edge to the skirt are the only trim min. Snew and pleasing outfit for a woman who is nearing the attractive and interest ing period of middle life is the Muscovite costume. It is the creation of a London modiste and is made of fancy Jacquard broche pink cloth, with shaped skit. Long jacket, trimmed with ,old galon embroi dered. Waistband, collar and cuffs of the same. The style of sleeves is particularly becoming and novel. Watteau pleat at the back. Bonnet in pink crepe, with crown spangled and beaded. Fine French lace front, with large jet pin; ostrich plumes. 