VARIETY ENTERTAINMENT. The entertainment in ths Mechanics' Hall on Friday evening last in aid of the K.C. School was a great success, the bnilding being well filled. Tbe first item on the programme was a pianoforte duet, " Parade Match," by the Misses Duone, given with Inilliint execution, and celling forth the plaudits of the audience. Owning chores, "Wild Sea Waves," hy the children, was niccly rendered, the children looking very putty in their white dresses. Song, "My Fisher Hoy," Miss A. Braund, was a good item, the vocalist meeting with applause A recitation "Quarrelsome Friends," Matter J. M'Donald, amused tho audience very mnch, the imitations of a cat and dog being well given. Chnrns, vacation song, by the infanta, was well given; tbe time in this, as in the other choruses, being gool. Recitation, "Mischief Makers," Misi A.Johnson, was given with good effect, meriting Bpplanac. "Barney O'Hea," by Miss A. Faulkner, was a pleasing item, and met with the favor of the audience. "Tbe Swiss Toy Girls," by Misses S. and M, Campbell, A. Johnson, and 61. Hsnney, contributed greatly to The evening's enioy Client, the voices of tbe little ones blending niccly together. Tbe plantation sonj and chorus, "The Old Home," by Master R. Ryan, in character, met with much favor, and the vocalist had to .«puu«t io s welluivriLoi euvuie. Recitation, "Speak no ill," Miss M. Hanney, waa given witn feeling, the little vocalist appearing to advantage in thin ns in her other numbers. Tha dialogue, "Mrs Csudle's Umbrella Lecture," by Miss A. Faulkner and Master J. Devine, caused roars of laughter. Piano solo, "Uaite de Cocur," by Miss A. Faulkner, waa well executed, denoting careful tuition. Chorus, " The Tar'a Farewell," hy the boys, attired in sailor's costume, was heartily applauded. Dialogne, "Breaking the News, by Masters J. Devine and J. Ryan, came in for approval of the audience. Miss M. Ryan rendered "Erin, my country," very sweetly, and the audience would fain have beard another verse, tbe rendition pleasing them very much. Song, " Riding on a Load of Hay," Misi M. Hanney, was prettily rendered, the coyness of the little singer heightening ths effect. The vocal portion of the entertainment concluded with "Silver Chimes," by tbe scholars, and met with approval. The entertainment concluded with the farce, "The Area Belle." The scene opens with Penelope, the Area Belle (Miss N. Gor -.i an) in the kitchen of Mrs Crotker (Miss E. Johnson). The foinier has three ad- mirers in Pitcher, in the polioe (Master 3. Devine), Tosser, in the Grensdiers (Master R. Pbipps), and Chalks, a milkman (Master R. Ryan), and as the Mww has an invite out for the evening, Penelope takes advantage of her absence to have her lovers (whom she does not know she likes best) to see bar. Chalks makes his appearance on the scene and expresses his undying admiration for Penelope, who refuses him. Then in tnm come Pitcher and Tosser, which meeting Penelope w a anxious to svoid; but after some explanations matters right themselves, and Penelope lays the table for supper. In midst of this tbe trio are startled by the violent ringing of the door bell by tha Missus, who did not meet ber engagement. Pitcher and To«aer are hidden by Penelope (the former in the copper and the latter in the dresser). As the mistress is evidently in a bad humor, she determines to have he.r revenge ou Penelope, and to do the "washing" that night. With that objsct in view she lights the fire nndsr tbe copper, snd pours wateron ths nnfortutate Pitcher. She then goes away and Pitcher, finding the situation lather warm, emerges from tbe copper lookinr like a drowned tat aud bides under the table, leaving' bis hat io tbe copper. Penelope returns and finding there is a fire in the oopper, pats a i-tick in it and fishes out Pitcher's bat. Thinking he bas been bo<led down to nothing she awakens Tosser who bas gone to sleep in the dresser, and alter the psir bare condoled with each other Pitcher comes from under the table with a sheet over him. Thinking it it a ghost, they make a tremendons noise, and on the missus appearing on the scene she dis« charges Penelope, t bo is in turn spurned by Pitcher and Tosser. Chalks, however, makes bis appearance, and after again ex* *pressiog his undying devotion for Penelope, tbe latter takes him for "better or worse." So all ends merrily. As Penelope Miss N. Gorman mads the most of ber part, and craated roan of laughter, her conception being a very mod one. Pitcher in tbe hands of Master J. Devine waa highly diverting, bis acting, notably whilst in tbe copper, being very comical. Master Phipps as Tosser also give a good reading, wblUt Master R. -Rfsn (Chalks) as tbe devoted admirer of Penelope, acted capitally- Miss E. Johnson as Mrs Croaker was nicely played, and added to tbe ancoest of the jKicc, .."The Area Belle" was well staged and went off without ths slightest, bitch, whioh is greatly to the credit, of those taking partaltogether, the Misses Sums are to be highly complimented. ou; tbe (ucoew of the entertainment, the production of which innet . have*, entailed; a gnat amount of labor. Rihearaala were held daily. last week, and; the outcome was a really enjoyable entertainment, refiecting in the highest degree on the pains, taking. efforts of; the children's, instruc tresses.^ Dnrjng au .interval the Rev. P. Kavanagh thanked.those pretend for their attendance, and aaid that judging by their ovations the «ntertainment had pleased them. ,-,•,.,•*.« 