TUESDAT. DECESIBFK 2i')TH. 1S93. CHEISTSIASTLDE, with its pleasant recol lections, happy reunions, and season of festivities, is once more upon us, a seasou which faotli old and young look forward to, year by year, with undiminished plea sure. No matter how disturbed the poli tical atmosphere may be, or whether the State sbip is steering a safe course under a favourable breeze or not, these tilings are thrown to the winds for the time being, and unrestrained pleasure becomes the order of the day. Perhaps it is as well that we can. hare a respite from all busi ness and political worries, even for a short season, for, when the mind is enjoying that "peace and goodwill" engendered by the surrounding ceremonies we are wont to re gard as indispensable at this time of the year, it enables a quiet retrospect to be taken, and gives an opportunity for the mapping out of a course for the new year. To the majority of Australians, Christ mas is more a season of excursions, sport, and revelry than one of sentiment and i-e jjose. This spirit has been fostered to a large degree by the conditions under which our forefathers were compelled to exist during the early days of settlement, conditions that doubtless had a tendency to dull the finer feelings, warp the im aginations, and destroy the veneration for this grandest of all celebrations in connec tion with the Christian religion. There are thousands in these colouies who can look back to those reunions in the old coun try at Christmas time which have left an indelible print upon their memories, and the recollections of which cause many plea sant hours. The waits at early morn, an nouncing the advent of Christmas Day, the joyful ringing of the village chimes, the plodding through the snow to the morning service at the old ivy-clad church, the happy reunion at the Christmas dinner table, the skating party during the after noon, the jolly gathering round the yule log at night, with innocent fun under the branches of the mistletoe, ghost stories, snapdragons, and last, though not least, a visit from the musical carol singers with the inevitable refrain " While Shepherds "Watched their Flocks by Night." These are some of the associations Cliristuiastide recalls to those who hail from the old coun try, and doubtless many of our readers will recognise the picture. Though the condi tion of things may not enable us to enjoy the festive season in the old-fashioned way, we sincerely hope that all under the South ern Cross will spend a " Merry Christmas/' and that before the nest ynletide comes round a more prosperous era will have set in, indications of which are already loom ing ahead. 