CHAPTER XXXI. For some moments after Rosamond bad gone indoors Gordon Chetwynd paced up and down the verandah, and Mr. Castle ton remained seated, his eyes fixed in a gloomy, far-away stare, his lips quiver*, ing under the thioket of hair which shrouded them, and one hand toying listlessly with jtho links of his watch chain. “ Well, governor, rested sufficiently ?” queried Gordon, coming up behind him suddenly and laying one hand upon his shoulder. “ What do you say to going indoors now? Rosamond expects com pany this evening, you know, and she wishes me to take especial pains with my toilet.” “And Rosamond’s wishes are your law,, eh, my lad ?” responded Mr. Castle ton, glancing up at him and smiling— albeit, it was a sad smile and there was a yearning, wistful expression in his fine eyes, “ Rosamond’s wishes ought to be the law of everybody,” returned Gordon, “ for she never wishes anything but what is bind and tender and entirely unselfish. Then, too, she is fond of me, governor, and a man ought to do all that is in his power to gratify a woman who has given him the moat valuable of all her earthly possessions—her heart and band.” “And you lovelier, don’t you, lad ?” “ A man who couldn’t love her would be a man of stone, governor.” Again those yearning eyes wore, lifted and again that half sad, half sweet smile flickered about Julian .Castleton’* lips. *• I am glad to hear you say that, Gor don,” he said, “I am glad to think .tint you are happy and very glad to know .hat it has all turned out so happily and in doing your duty by me, you have found, the great eat joy of your life. If I bad dons my duty by my uncle, if I had obeyed his wishes as yon have obeyed mine, life would have been a happier story to me,. I think. You know the old proverb, Gordon ; ‘ Who breaks—pays!’ I broker—1 have . paid-jrrl.have- beea- pay:. IngTever slhJe. Although' I sometimes wonder if the one brief year of bliss that breaking brought me, was not a lifetime of sorrow and pain.” Chetwynd regarded him in amazement. Mr. Castleton was not a man given to “ confidences,”- not a man to “ wear his heart npon bis sleeve for daws to peck at,” and his nephew hod never before, in all their years of intercourse, been allowed to even suspect that there were errors in his past. “ You surprise me, governor,” he said. “ X wot nob aware that you were ever under obligation to a relative, and as to breaking any law cither human or divine—why I can scarcely credit it.” “ And yet it is true, lad !” he answered. “ I disregarded the wishes of those who had my best interests at heart, and—and, God forgive me, I persuaded some one else to do the same. I broke—1 am paying. She broke—she has paid 1” “She? It is of a woman you speak.” « Yes 1”—huskily. “ A woman I loved —a woman whose life I wrecked—whose grave has been green for twenty years, but not so green ns is her memory in my he«rt. I amaze you, perhaps? I shall amaze you more. I am a hypocrite—a sham—a living lie. Yes, more than that a coward, for I have not the courage to open up the old heart-wounds by cohfess ing the trnth and acknowledge that I have been a husband and a father 1” “ Good Heaven 1 You?” gasped Ohet wynd. “ You married ? Governor, what has become of them ? Where are they now ?” “ Dead!” he answered, gulping down a sob. “ Dead these twenty years, Gordon, and I alone am left—I the sinner, who was the author of one of those lives, and the destroyer of both 1 Oh, my God, my God 1 what spell of mad ness is upon mo that I speak these things to you—that 1 tear open all the old wounds when nothing but sorrow and suffering can result from it. There, there, there, go indoors, lad, and forget all about it. . Some day I may toll you the story, now that I have broken the ice, but not now, Gordon,' not now, my lad—not now. Be glad that you have taught no woman to break the com mandments of Heaven—be. glad that you have taught no woman to deceive her parents—to abandon them for you, and yon for her grave. It always ends that way—it is ordained of God, and it .always A pallor crept over Gordon Ohetwynd’s face. Ho thought of Kathleen—thought of that moonlight marriage, and the sor row and shame which bad come of it. Yes, it had ended as bis uncle said that such things always had done, add always will—beginning in deceit and end ing with a grave. “ I—I think I will go indoors and be gin my toilet, governor,” he said huskily. “ I shall be late if 1 don’t—and besides you yrant to bo mono, I suspect.” “YeSj yes,” responded Mr. Ons'leton. “ Leave, me for a time, lad, When my nerves ore steady, I’ll call one of the ser vants to show me to my rooms.” To this Ohetynd made no response, merely hastened, into the house and climbed the staircase to his, own apart ments. Barker, his valet, was there awai'ing himi but, in spi»e of bis avowed intention of hastening his toilet, he dismissed the roan, threw himself into a divan, and, buried his Uon between his palms. “ Ah, my God ! will that dead hojir never cease to haunt mo?” he groaned, in the anguish of his soul; “ Oh, Kethleopl oh, my love, if you could only borne back tome. If I could only hold you in toy arms again for one sweet minute, my dar ling, I would sell my soul’s salvation to recall, you from the dead. Can’t you come'-back- to me in spirit, Kathleen? Can’t you hear me calling yon, Kathleen ? Oh, nay sweet.” “Is there never a chink in the World above ■Whore they listen for words from below?” “Kathleen—Bonnie Kathleen, my wife on earth, my star in heaven, my hope rough all' eternity I—why1—why were you so rash, my sweet? and, oh, how could you leave mo when I loved you so?” . Meantime the moments flew, the twi light yellowed, and the evening {grew apace,” and, while Gordon Ohetwynd mourned above, Julian Castleton nursed bis sorrow under the trees below. He had left the verandah, and was picing up and down under the giant oaks of the Chase, giving no tongue to his misery no voice to his remorse. Oarisford had .sauntered up; spoken a' frw surly words of greeting, and then gone, indoors to dress some moments ago,.and that alone ought to have warned him that it was time to prepare for dinner, even though the darkening shadows below, and the brassy lustre of the sky above were allowed to .go un noticed. Rosamond—looking like a spirit of purity, in a, dinner-gown of misty white tulle, garnished with ivy-leavea—came down, and, flattering oat upon the verandah, called “Gordon.” He heard that, too, bat did not take warning from it:—did not come forward and make known his presence, for he was not in a mood for talking, and it was rather a relief to him when he saw her go in again, and heard her tell one of the servants to go up to her hus band’s room and ask him to oomo down as soon as possible. “ I shan’t join them at dinner to-night, and I dare say they won’t-miss me V he muttered, as. he paced up and down under the trees. “Youth is short, and love is sweet, and both are theirs. I won’t be a skeleton at the feast Ah! the visitor at last 1 I hear the sound of wheels upon the drive. Yes, and so does Rosamond, for there she. is upon the verandah again. After she -and her friend have adjourned to the drawing-room, I’ll go up to my own apartments and send a servant down with my regrets. I couldn’t join a merry dinner-party, the way I feel to-night.” The sound of approaching wheels had been growing louder every moment, and now the approaching carnage had come into sight. He stepped back under the shadow of the trees and waited for it to pass. It came onward rapidly—a splendid equipage, with a liveried coachman and groom upon the box, and a pair of gor geous “ wooden ” footman ou the rumble —reached the spot where ho stood, swept by like a flash, and left him standing there as before, No, not as before—a change had come over him. His attitude,'previous to the arrival of the carriage, had been one of easy indifference. He was standing now as rigid and as moveless as a block of stone, bis hands were tightly sbut, his lips were parted and pale, and from his I colorless face there looked the eye* of a man who had been confronted by a ghost from the grave of bis own dead youth. Not that; there was anything about Kate Charlock at all suggestive of ghosts or graves, you must understand. The average man, seeing her-for. the first time, woald haVe likened her to a god desa.ifhe caredto lrhapsodize, but if it was bis mood to speak of her as she really was, this would have been the description: , A tall, stately blonde, looking every day of her one-and-twenty years. A woman of majestic appearance and sump tuous mion—a woman with good blood in her veins, and in her every look and tone and gesture the evidence of breed ing, culture and refined associations. A woman with hair that was actually golden —not the style of “ gold ” that comes in bottles, but the “ glinting ” kind that comes alone from Mother Nature’s handi work—a woman with eyes so blue that they seemed to have a tendency to indigo; with lips so red they seemed like coral; with teeth so white and perfect they would have redeemed her counten ance had shebeen plain instead of beauti ful ; a woman of the rare “ statuesque ” type, and with a face as delicate, as clean-out, and as flawless as a face of carven pearl. “ My sister’s face, as I saw it in my youth, as I remember it ere she died !” breathed Mr. Castleton, in a queer, labored voice. “ My sister, who was born in the same hour with me, and whom I resembled' so greatly in my early youth “ My God ! can such likenesses be the work of chance ? If my child had lived she should look as that girl looks, for she is a Xjrelingcourt, every inch of her. Just Heaven ) could Oarisford have lied to me, after all ? Could Doris have died but not our child ? And was I right, after all, when, in those far-off days, I believed that John Oarisford was my enemy ?” * “ Ah, no 1 no I no ! It is wrong of me to think that—cruelly wrong. If John were.not the friend I have since bad rea son to know that he is, 1 should liavo been in my grave years ago. “ It was ho who saved me from the murderous wretch who attacked me in tho darkness when I was hastening to piooure a conveyance, with which to re move Doris and our little one from the ruins of Thetford Towers; it was he,who, in the five years of insanity which fol lowed that atteok, traced out .my move ments in America, learned of ray mar riage and hunted for my wife and child, only to find, at last, the grave which held them both. “ It was he w ho erected tho stone which bears their names and m>trks their last reatirg-placo ; it was ho who told me where to find it, when, by a miracle, my reason was restored, and I remembered the wife and ohild whoso existence I had forgotten for five miserable years.” No! no I I won’t believe anything wrong of John Oarisford, and I ask Hea ven to pardon me for ever doing so. “ If be had not boon tbo bost of cousins and the mo\ t honorable of men, ho never would have oome to me as he did upon the very day when I recovered my reason and-made haste to not only rea'ore the fortune he held in trust for me during my insanity, but direct mo where to find tho grave whioh bold my wife and ohild. Why, if he had not saved me from the coward who struck me down that night, ho would have been the heir to all which how belongs to me, and if be had' not put that stone above my darling’s grave, it ; would have remained' unmarked for years,” No! no! I’ll never believe a word of evil against John Oarisford after that; for ho not only kept the secret of my but 1 kept sacred the memory of iny wife and child. “John is true blue and nobody knows it better than 1. Ay, and if tho dead jknow.wbat passes upon this, earth, Doris, too, knows that John Oarisford is worthy of esteem. And yet*” he added in a hushed voice, '* that.girl who rode by just now, looksjss ;our little .Kathleen ought to have looked had she lived to ;be a woman.” 