KELIGIOUS AUSTRALASIA. A paper on the religious -condition of Australia -was read at the World's Conference of the Evangelical Alliance of the U.S. A. at Chicago, by Eev. H. B. Macartney, Incumbent of St. Mary's, Caulfield, Victoria. He said:— Australia is 'the youngest continent in the "world, but, as regards size, it contains 3,100,000 square miles •when taken together with Tasmania and New Zealand. In other words, it is only smaller than Europe by 680,000 square miles, and is larger than the United States, exclusive of Alaska, by 47,000 square miles But although we thus occupy one-third of the entire area of British dominion our population is under four millions. (1) If judged by our Morality, we must be to a great extent an irreligious people. The love of money, with gambling, " statutes that are not good," intemperance, secret forms of vice, and the love of pleasure, prevail to a frightful extent. Opium, with which England so long cursed China, is now cursing her colonies.^I have myself seen opium-dens in Melboune crowded with young Europeans getting their earlier lessons in the deadly drug. Asregardsjthe drink traffic I grieve to report that we occupy a most unenviable position in the eyes of the civilised world. The Prink Bill of Victoria and New South "Wales, each •with a population of little over one million, was £6,500,000 each for 1892. A Vigilance Association has been formed in Mel • bourne, composed of men and women "who have banded together to grapple with some of the deepest problems of our national social life." It " seeks to concert measures for the prevention of infanticide and for the repression of criminal vice and public immorality ; to check the causes of vice; and to protect minors." The Association regards it as a central truth " that the moral law is the same for all men and for all women." It finds however a general lack of sympathy with the injured class (who are under sixteen), and a great unwillingness on the part of juries to convict even for proved offences. The moral conscience of our people wants arousing, and though our laws are good, they avail nothing if young girls may be ruined with impunity " before they are old enough to know the sanctity of their bodies and the priceless value of their virtue." (2) Our Education, taken as a whole, is distinctly non-religious A system which has for its cardinal features " secular, compulsory, and free," prevails almost everywhere except in New South Wales. In 1891 there,were in this colony 33,000 persons above fifteen whe* were unable to read. Roman Catholics who were specially in view in tlie Act, ave forbidden by their priests to countenance State schools, and are clamouring for a separate grant. The churches are permitted to give religious instruction on certain days after school hours, when the children are weary. Energetic measures are being taken everywhere to have the Bible restored—to have given to it some place of honour, if only as a book to be ignorant of which is to be unlearned. Our universities are all secular; but in Victoria, at least, splendid grants of land have been made, contiguous to the University itself, for the erection of colleges, denominational and affiliated. (3) Benevolence is a marked feature iu our colonists! They have received freely and they give freely. Charitable institutions—such as hospitals, infirmaries, asylums for the aged, the blind, the dea£ ana dumb, convalescent homes, orphanages, refuges, reformatories, Royal Humane Societies, and St. John Ambulance corps—are to be found oil.?every hand. Appeals in the daily papers : are readily responded to, and if a public calamity occurs, the sufferers are sure of the sympathy ot' a thousand outstretched bauds. (4) Ecclesiastic »lly there is much in-which to rejoice; there is much also to awaken grave solicitude. 'Worldliness is blighting professing Christians. The same people attend. theafres, races, dances, and the Lord's Supper ; and office-bearers are often chosen on the sole groutid of influence, ability, or wealth. The missionary spirit—that sure mark of a living Church—is wanting in scarcely any of our religious brotherhoods. The Church of England has several associations in connection with the great Church Missionary Society. The Presbyterians carry on a blessed work in the New Hebrides, besides extending a helping hand to India and Korea. The Wesleyans have just cause for pride in the stability of their work among the Fiji Islanders, and many of their colonial ministers being retired missionaries from the South Seas, the flame of love for the heathen is kept brightly burning. Some of the Baptist churches are quite intense in their zeal, and send large reinforcements to Asia ; while the Independents render substantial and intelligent tid to the operations of the London Society in India, New Guinea, and the Pacific Ocean. All theBe denominations, moreover, without exception combine in supporting the China Inland Mission both" with men, women, and means. They are also alive (though none of them sufficiently so) to the wonder fill opportunity which God has given them in sending to their very doors 42,000 Chinese emigrants—an iarmy of heathen sojourners fully intent upon returning home. Che same may be said of the hundreds 6£ Kanakas who labour on: the Queensland sugar plantations. There are some also here and there ! . to whom the original Australian tribes are dear,biitthe /difficulty of winning to ChiriBt the members of a x wandering and degraded race is greater than can be imagined. Thej are beat reached, as some are reached, when persuaded to settle with their families on large Government reserves, where the ever-faithful Moravian Brethren superintend their education , and their manual labors, shield them from temptation and watch over them to their dying day. New Zealand has more or less evangelised her 41,000 Maories; Tasmania has no aborigines to evangelise; but Australia is only just awaking to the existence of some 60,000 natives, chiefly roaming its Northern and "Western Territories, before whose eyes the Light of God has never shined. Victoria has another work—almost unique—a Mission by post, not without fruit, to the lighthouse-keepers and their families all along the Australian coasts. Among Colonial Institutions of a distinctly religious character I may mention :— ;±Y.M.C. Associations.---There are twenty-two in all, with property worth £150,000, 4,550 enrolled members, and six paid secretaries. The Adelaide branch stands in the van of aggressive work. In all our Associations spiritual work receives the very first care. The Sydney branch is exceedingly popular with the churches—a sure token of healthy and legitimate development—and does a great work amongst men in a city where Secularism is strong, profane, and defiant. The Melbourne branch has had-a splendid but chequered career. Some of the smaller societies, such as Auckland, New Zealand, are doing nobly. Y.W.C. Associations are planted out pretty generally in coast cities, and real soul-work is being done, although on a limited scale. The factory department, both in Melbourne and Adelaide, has been much blessed, and the work which they seek to do among all young women is being supplemented by the " The Society of Time and Talents," and by " Girls Friendly Societies." Individual Christians are greatly helped in their inner life by means of the Bible Union, which assigns one consecutive chapter daily to its 300,000 members throughout the world. The Scripture Union comes to the aid of the young with its selected passages, and the Sunday School Union issues a somewhat similar calendar of its. own to its immense constituency. The Children's Special Service Mission is beginning to take root, especially in connection with its seaside services. The Society of Christian Endeavour, the latest plant of our Heavenly Father's planting, has just come to us from America to supply a long-felt need, and we hail it joyfully. The British and Foreign Bible Society, the Religious Tract Society, and other wellfurnished depots keep our workers supplied with seed for sowing; while we, in return, are not unmindful of their world-wide character and peculiar claims. Christian conventions commenced in Australia about twenty years ago, somewhat on Keswick lines, but, having removed to a capital, they now more nearly resemble Mildmay. decent circumstances, however, and spiritual hunger of the deepest kind, have called the Geelong Convention into existence. Here addresses are delivered bearing directly .on practical righteousness, heart purity, and the filling of the Holy Ghost. The ministers with, whom the Conference originated met three years ago to wait on God until their own souls were satisfied, and they still wait on Him for hours every Saturday : afternoon for fresh accessions of power, and to plead for a great revival. We have not as yet any very notable itinerant preachers, although the Presbyterian evangelist for Victoria, our Southern John MacNeill, is as dear to us personally as ever your Northern John McNeill can be to you. The secular press is, as a rule, in the hands of men not in sympathy with spiritual things, and who take the wrong side on the question of Bible education, Sabbath observance, and worldly amusements. Still we have much cause to be thankful that the work of God is very fairly reported in the daily papers, and that religious correspondence' is treated not always, but generally, with a considerable measure of fairness. Church papers ate to a large extent in the hands of evangelicals. Our country is still young, and though full of sin's leprosy, there is not one of our many colonies without some lovely lamps of pure Divine truth glittering in surrounding darkness. Freethinkers may be bold and blasphemous ; standard-bearers may faint or flee; the number of the saved may be comparatively small; but yet there is a "remnant according to the election of grace," and Jesus Bha]l reign.— The Christian. 