THUKSDATS SPORTING. THE CRICKET MATCH. Victoria v. New South Wales. First Day's Play. ; Great will be the surprise in sunny New South Wales if tho Victorian cricketers in the jubilee match, which started at noon to-day, triumph over our representative eleven. This prediction is justified by what has been heard since the South Aus- tralians wore so roundly' put through their faces by New South Wales, all those who take interest in the "king of games," with very few exceptions, having expressed the decidod opinion that despite the eight-wickets victory gained by the southerners in Alelbourne, they would on the occasion now under notice suffer defeat. Only an individual here and there has given Victoria the ghost of a chance in the speculation. Certainly it is n point in favor of New South Wales that thoy are batting on their own ground, but cricket is a gloriously uncertain sort of game, and despite the acquisition of the champion bowler to our team and other favorable circumstances, there may be a boil- over. A glance at the teams, which follow, will show that on paper Victoria is fully as strong as its rival : — new south wales: Bannerman, Callaway, Coningliam, Donuan, Gregory, Ircdalo, Pierce, Richard son, Youill, Turner and Wales. victoria : Blackham, Barrett, Bruce, Carlton, Graham, Lewis, M'Leod, Phillips, Trott, Trumble and Worrall. From tho local side Moses, who rendered such distinguished service in Adelaide and Melbourne, is absent, Turner being his sub stitute, which is a very fair exchange. Bonnor, the champion hard hitter, who has been knocking up some gigantic scores in the country, is not included, tho general opinion being that if he could play it woald be so much the better for the colony. As against Bannerman, Gregory, Richardson, Iredale and Turner as batsmen, Victoria can point to Barrett, Bruce, Graham, Trott, and Lewis, and the balance should just about be main tained. As bowlers wo have Turner, Calla way and Pierce, all very capable performers, but M'Leod, Trumble and Bruce do not lose very much by comparison with them. Thns, then, all goes to show that it is delu sive to imagine, us the public somehow have done, that New South Wales must assuredly win. There is no certainty about the matter, and it is just a toss-up whether the home eleven will not have to face the right about. Anyhow it is quite certain that the game will be very close, and the side which wins will have to do its level best towards this end. Judging by this morning the first afternoon's play should be characterised by fino weather, und.though tho elements are dubious just now the chances are that on the whole play will not be interfered with by rain, and both parties will have a fair field and no favor. The 50th match is remarkuble for the fact that it is tho first competition for Lord Sheffield's shield which has taken place in Sydney. The belief has been expressed that the contest will also witness about the biggest attendance seen on the Association Cricket Ground on the occasion of an inter colonial trial of strength. As soon as the gates wore thrown open the public poured in in all directions, and the ground soon became alive with interested spectators, who anxiously awaited the coming of noon. All through luncheon hour tho crowd poured in at every entrance, and when play was resumed the ground held a record number of- spectators. The shilling enclosure was uncomfortably fall, while the grandstand and lawn held jast enough people to give a crowded appearance. The members were present in full force, and in the ladies' pavilion every seat was occupied. The Permanent Artillery.; Band discoursed sweet music pn the lawn, ' There were over 15,000 spectators present at 3 o'clock. The crowd had increased to fully 20,000 when play waB resumed after the 4 o'clock adjournment, every part of the ground being filled. His Excellency the Governor, with Lady Jersey and her daughter, arrived on the ground about 4, and were accorded a hearty welcome. Sir Georgo Dibbs and several members of the Ministry were pre sent, as waB the leader of the Opposition, Mr. G. H. Reid, and members of both Houses. A splendid luncheon was provided for the players and a few guests by Mr. C. R. Abel. Mr. G. H. Reid (president of the N.S.VY. Cricket Association) presided, and amongst those present were Hon. Edmund Barton (Attorney-General), Hon. J. Kidd (Post- muster-General). Mr. E. M. G. Eddy, Mr. C. Oliver and Air. Fehon (Railway Commis sioners), the officials of the ground, and members of the committee of the N.S. W. Cricket Association. Tho players were not as punctual as they have been in recent matches, and it was about five minutes past 12 when Charlie Bannerman and T. Flynn, the umpires, entered the field. Blaokham won the toss, and barrett and lewis went to the wickets for the southern colony. At the commencement between 8000 and 9000 were present. Lewis took first ball from Turner at the northern end, and 6harply cutting it, was too anxious to run, and wus very nearly run out. Next ball went for a brace in the slips, and Lewis sent tho next'towards the scoring board for 4. Callaway went on at the southern end and bowled a maiden to Barrett, Lewis scoring 4 off Turner's next over. A dull thud of Barrett's timber was all that could be made out of Callaway's over, but Lewis livened our fellows ud with u quartette off the first ball in Turner's next. He, however, tipped a high ball from the Bathurst man, but it waB a bit too hot for Wales and he dropped it. The last ball of the over was fielded well by Gregory, end only ono was added. Lewis then faced Callaway for the first time, and played the over without scoring. Turner introduced himself to Barrett, and the doctor quietly kept him going without in creasing the score. Lewis drove Callaway for a single on the fourth ball, and Barrett played out the over. Barrett got Callaway to Bquare-log for 2 — his first contribution. Turner bowled a maiden to Lewis, and Callaway similarly treated Barrett. Lewis lifted Turner to the off for 4, the stroke being an admirable one and meriting much applause. Barrett made a swipe at a leg-ball from Callaway, but missed, and a bye resulted. The doctor drove Turner for a single and Lewis sent the next ball through the air at a great rate, the leather lauding a few yards on the inside of the feuco and bouncing right over. Riehurdson emartly fielded a swipe from Barrett, but Youill let the next through his legs and 4 waB added to the doctor's score, which, with a triplet towards tho Btand, brought his score to double figures. Donnan relieved Callaway at the Bouthern end when the score was at 35, and Lewis got his second ball for a single, Burrott treating his fourth to 2, winding up the over with a bruce to leg. Pierce went on in Turner's place, the score being 40. Lewis scored a single. Banner- man nicely fielded the first two balls of Donnan's next over, bnt Lewis got tho third away for 2. Barrett could do nothing with Pierce's next. Lewis added a single off Donnan and scored a single off a no- ball, following with a single off Pierce. Barrett got Donnan to leg rather swiftly, Youill fumbling, and 4 resulted, bringing his score to 20 with a single off Pierce. Barrett got a single off Donnan. The latter bowled a bumpy one to Lewis, and that batsman hit it hard and Turner just got it, but it was too hot to hold. Barrett sneaked Callaway, who replaced Pierce, to the fence for 4. Lewis added a single off Donnan, nnd Con ingliam went on instead of Callaway. Lewis cut him for 3. Barrett drove tho la9t ball for 4. Piorce then went to the southern end, and Lewis was caught by Gregory off the third ball, having scored 35. trott filled the vacancy and sent tho last ball to Youill, who failed to stop its progress along the sward, and 4 was added. The bowling was got hold of and 2, 3 and a couple of quartettes brought the score to 85, Trott having run up 15 in no time. Barrott played a mono tonous over' from Conmgham, and Donnan went on in place of Pierce. Trott put him in tho elips for a quartette. Barrott got Coningliam away for a single. A bye was scored off Coningliam, and Barrett snicked a couple, and cut the same bowler's last ball for 2. In Donnan's next over Wales caught Trott behind the wickets. 2—19—95. WORRALL played out the over, Worrall got Coning liam away to the grand stand fence for a trio, and Donnan ' stopped a 4 which the samo batsman had sent towards the leg fence, 3 only being scored. The doctor scored 4 to leg off Donnan's next over. At ,110 Turner took tho ball at the northern end and bowled a maiden to Worrall. Barrett scored a Binglo off Donnan The wicket was playing splendidly, and though tho bowling was good runs came but slowly. Generally speaking the fielding of the New South Welshmen was first-class, more particularly that of Gregory, Turner and Bannerman, In one instance the fielding was very much " off," and the crowd noticed it, rather to the discomfort of the fieldsmen. Pierce substituted Donnan at the southern end. Barrett brought up his half century with a single off Turner, Worrall being 12, and thoscoro 118. Worrall smacked a brace to leg, and Wales did oven time after it. Worrall quietly landed Pierce to leg for 4. The stonewallor cut Turner for a quartette and drove him for a single. Trott whacked the champion for 4, none of the fieldsmen being within yards of it. At 135 Dr. Barrett was caught and bowled by Coniugham for 55. bruce followed. The newcomer snicked Con ingliam for 3, and shortly after the Queenslander bowled a no ball. The long railway trip which Bruce had only just completed gave hint a rather tired look, but be hatted freely, though not scoring fast. He got into double figures before 150 went up. At 13 Bruce ran a smart single. Pierce went on at the southern end at a quarter to 4, and Worrall got him away for a triplet by an off drive, Bruce hitting the same bowler for a couple to square-leg. Worrall drove Coniugham hard to the fence for 4, bnt an -attempt to repeat the order was smartly stopped by Richardson, and 2 only were added, a siugle being also registered off the same over. Worrall was clean bowled by Pierce in the next over, having scored 38 in good style. The subject of so much comment, harry graham, took his place at the wickets amidst cheers. After Coningliam had bowled a maiden Graham hit Pierce in the slips for a trio, Bruce driving him for 2 in the same over. Graham let out at a fair ball from Coning- ham, and just tipping it, tho leather went to the fence behind the wickets for 4. Brace scored a brace and Bingle off Pierce's next, and Graham slipped out to the last ball of the over, but Bannerman fielded smartly, though the score was increased. Bruoe nicely cut Coningliam for 2, but the Queens- lander sent him to the rightabout shortly nfter, the popular Victorian having knocked 24 together. Graham was 7, not out ; sun dries, 4. 5—24—182. phillips came next and. Graham scored a single. Phillips drove Pierce to the on for a quar tette and to leg for a single, but Graham could not get the last ball of the over past Gregory, th.ough he tried hard to do so. Phillips' wicket went down to a swift one from Coniugham, and the board showed 6 — 5—188, Graham being 8 not out. m'leod was the next to enter the arena. Graham acknowledged the partnership by snicking Fierce in the slip's for a single, then three byes ensued off Coniugham, M'Leod Bcoring his first off the last bail of the over. Callaway smartly threw in a ball while the batsmen were negotiating a run. The popular bowler wa3 true in his aim, and though the throw was a side one the wicket went down just as Graham grounded his bat. Coning- ham, amidst uproarious applause, again got on to the timber and Al'Leod turned his face to tho pavilion, and just after the board showed 7 —4 — 190. trumble then faced the music, and very nearly went out' first ball. Tho next, however, ho tipped, and 4 resultod, tho board showing 200\. Graham scored 2 off Pierce, but just got in in time. Tho next went for a single, and. Callaway had -a wild goose chase after a cut by Trumble to the feuce. Graham scored another quartette off Pierce, and then Trumble was bowled by Callaway, having knocked 21 together. . carlton followed, and Beared 15 quickly, being given out leg before wicket to a ball from Pierce. The score was nine for 249 when the Vic torian captain, BLAOKHAM, ' went to the wickets, amidst cheers. The veteran played the first few strokes in a peculiar manner. Ho and Graham set to work, and in less less than 20 minutes 42 runs were added, Blackham scoring 31, not out, Graham adding 8 to his 25, and 3 being secured by leg-byes just before time, making the sun dries 11, tho score at drawing of stumps being : Nine wickets for 291. Following arc the scores: — Victoria. First Innings. Lewis, o Gregory, b Pierce .. .. 35 Barrett, c anrl b Coningliam , . 65 Worrall, b Picroo .. .. ..88 'Irott, o Wales, b Donnan .. .. 10 Bruce, b Coningliam .. .. 21 Phillips, b Conlnghnm .. .. 6 ' M'Leod, bConingham .. .. 1 Graham, not out .. .. ..83 Trumble. b Callasay .. .. 21 Carlton, lbw, b Pierce .. ..10 Blackham, not out .. . .. 81 . Sundries .. .... .. 11 \- Nine wlolccts for .. .. 291 Melbourne, Thursday. Great interest is felt in Melbourne in the intercolonial cricket match taking place in Sydney. 