-TH E-YELLOW.-ME N ? O F- IN DIA. The Kocch;tlie* Sautali, and the! Savara arc all distinctly agricultural;! spending their days from sunrise to sun set in tilling-, irrigating, and weeding th eir' fields of rice,'' or indigo' 'or cotton'. Thoy all till witli'aii iron-shod.,hoe,- tho Savant's sometimes using a light plough^ when tho nature of the ground permits , I nhd all three racos, whon. clearing new ground, burn away, the jungle instead o£ cutting it do\vn,: being perfectly; aware of the fertilising powor of wo.od-ashes. Ill their work in the fields, the Kocehy the Santali, and tho Saviira are largely helped by their wives and daughters when domestic duties. allow, and' when the .women are not engaged in their own peculiar tasks of spinning, dyeing, and weaving. .All three people arc acquainted with the preparation and use of dyes, of which indigo and morinda, for bliifc, and rod, 'are probably the most popular. The villages of those three peoples number from ten or twenty to a hundred homes, mid then- houses are well and strongly' constructed-better perhaps than . tlioso of their neighbors of other races. Every village has its own: headman, and amongst the Santalis, at any1 rate, the lieadmanis supposed to be a descendant of the original founder of the village ; so that tho office must be hereditary/ The pvcseuco of the hendmau of the village among the unassimilated. yellow , tribes disproves the supposition that this institution is peculiarly Hindu. Tho life of the Koccli, Sautiili, and Savant women .is characterised by far greater freedom than that of orthodox Hindus; and tho same enlightenment 'marks the marriage laws of these three tribes. , A few words lire sufficient, to dcscribo their admirablo arid yet very , simple institutions with regard to marriage; for, with one or two exceptions, to lie noted, the customs of all tliroe arc the same. Iu thc'iirst place, among the Kocch, tho Santali, und the Savaras, there is no such thing as habitual marriage of infants, or tender and immature children. The contracting psii'ties are almost always adults, and the union is brought about by mutual con-, sent, after a few simple ceremonies of? feasting and' sacrifice. The woman's liberty of choice is carefully guarded. Amongst the Savaras, says Mr Fawcett, "a woman may leave lier 'husband, whenever, she pleases. Her husband cannot prevent her." Among the ICocch, according to Buchanan," " the men arc so gallant that they have made'over all tlieir property.to the women, who in return' are most industrious, weaving, spinning, brewing, planting, sowing ; in a word, doing all tho work not abovo their strength." In consequence of the in dependence, of their wives, the Kocch and Savaras are admirable husbands ; and I believe substantially the same conditions obtain amongst the Santalis. ...The second great principle with regard , to marriage among these three yellow tribes, which agaiu furnishes a remarkable con trast with the Hindus, is that widows are perfectly free to marry agaiu, and incur .no social disability by doing so. ' The property of the parents is said to, go to the sons of the Savaras, and to tho daughters amongst the Kocch ': as to the Santalis,,I have as yet no certain information ; so that the ques tion of inheritance among the yellow tribes may be loft open fori tho present. Only two more points of importance need be noted ; and in these I believe there is a complete identity between tho Kocch, Santali, and Savara usage. These points are, that tho men of these three yeliow races must marry women of the same tribe, while marriage of relations is ab solutely forbidden. I believe that each of these tribes is distinguished by a fairly high standard of social purity, as con trasted with other Indian races. Poly-; gamy exists, to a limited extent, among the richer Savaras, but not so far as-~I; know in.the other two tribes. -Tho Kocch and the Savara both burn their dead, generally m a family or village burning ground, beside a river ; ' I believe' the Santalis do the same, but on this point more exact information ? is desirable. In the religiou of the three yellow, tribes, which is mainly a cult of the dead, the rcsembluncc between Kocch, Santali, and Savara usage is very striking. Among the Kocch lind the Savaras, and I believe also among the Santalis, the sacrifices fall into three classes. First, an offering to the ghost-, a few days after the body has been burned ; secondly,, a general sacrifice (every year, or every second year), to the ghosts, after the rico lias been gathered in; and, thirdly, a sacri fice to bring tho rains or to mark their arrival. The two latter strongly mark the agricultural'character of the yellow, races. From a study of many details of the religious usages of these three yellow races, the Kocch, the. Santali, and the Savara, I am convinced that the basis of their religion is a tirni belief in the ghosts of the dead, joined with an equally firm belief 111 their uniform malignance. Their gods and the demons. of wells and trees are generally found to be ghosts of the dead, if the beliefs re garding them are carefully looked into. They further believe that these ghosts are able and-willing to injure the com munity they belonged to, in three ways : first, personally, by tho infliction of diseases, through obsession or demoniac possession, and by various forms of malignant mischief aud spite ; to avert these personalinjuries.sacrificosarooffcred by tliorelatious a few days after tho body is burned. Tho second possible inj un til ey attribute to the malignant gliostsof their dead is the destruction of the, liar vest ; and to prevent this, or rather to reward the ghosts for their forbearance in a case of a good harvest they offer yearly or biennial sacrifices at the .haiv vestliome, expressly dedicated to the ghosts of those who have died within that period. Thirdly, they believe tho ghosts of their dead can impedo the yearly rains-thus destroying the pros pects of next year's harvest; and the beginning of the rains is' therefore made the occasion of another sacrifice. -CHARLES JOTIXSTOXE, J3.CJ.S., in LLIO Asiatic Review. 