SCRIPTURE-READING IN SCHOOLS. MR. HARTLEY ON THE NEW SOUTH WALES SYSTEM. The following is the report to the Minister of ifiduoation of the Inspector- General of Schools (Mr. J. A. Hartley, B.A., B.Sc.)on Scripture-reading in the schools of New Soath Wales:— I have the honour in accordance with your instructions respectfully to submit the following notes and observations made on my recent visit to New South Wales to enquire into the system of Scripture lessons in the public schools of that colony. I bad the advantage of an interview with the Minister of Education {Hon. F. B. Suttor) and with the Under- Secretary (Mr. E. Johnson). It is hardly necessary to Bay that information was freely given and every facility afforded for making personal enquiries in the schools. The teachers whom I met were also extremely courteous and obliging, and rendered my task comparatively an easy one. A. It may be convenient in the first place to quote the sections of the New South Wales Act which relate to religious instruction in schools. They are as follows:— 1\. SECULAR INSTRUCTION". Section 7. In all schools uuder this Act the teaching shall be strictly non-sectarian, but the words " secular instruction" shall be held to include general religious teaching as distinguished from dogmatical or polemical theology. 2\. SPECIAL RELIGIOUS IKSTBUCTION. Section 17. In every public school four hours during each school day shall be devotad to stcular instruction exclusively, and a portion of cach day (not more than one hour) Bhall be set apart when the children of any one religious persuasion may be instructed by the cleryman or other religious teacher of such persuasion ; but in all cases the pupils receiving such religions instruction shall be separated from the other pupils of the school. And the hour during which such religious instruction may be given shall be fixed by mutual agreement between the Public School Board in oonsultatiou with the teacher of such school and the clergyman of the district, or such other person as may be duly authorized to act in his stead; And any classroom of any public school may be used for such religious instruction by like agreement. Provided that if two or more clergymen of different persuasions desire to give religious instruction at any school the children of each such different persuasion shall be so instructed on different days. Provided also that the religious instruction to be so given shall in 6very _ case be the religious instruction authorized by the Church to which the clergyman or other religious teacher may belong. Provided further that in case of the nonattendance of any clergyman or religious teacher during any portion of the period agreed to be set apart for religious instruction such period shall be devoted to the ordinary secular instruction in such school. Section 18. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the last preceding section no pupil in a public school shall be required to receive any genera! cr special religious instruction if the parents or guardians of such pupil object to such religious instruction being given. B. The question is further dealt with in the following regulations, which have as usual the force of law:— 1\. Religious Views of Pupils or of Parents. —148. Nothing must ever be said or done by any teacher, in a pupil's hearing or proseuce, calculated to offend the religious views of that pupil, or of any other in that school, or of the psrents of any such pupil. 9\. Time-table.—150. The time-table to be obi erved in the schools is the following, except that iU cases within the proviso to the preceding regulation .the time in each instance will be half an hour later than specified :— From 9 to 10. Special religious instruction ; or, in public and provisional schools, where no religious teacher is in attendance, ordinary instruction. 3\. Special Religious Instruction.—151. Where the time specified for special religious irstruction is inconvenient some other hour may be fixed by mutucd agreement between tl:e Public School Board, the teacher, and the person giviner such instruction. 4\. RKSTBCCTIOK IN SCHOOLS. Course of Instruction.—155. The course of secular instruction, as the term is defined in the Public Instruction Act, shall be as follows or each class: — Infant Department.— Scripture—Narratives and moral lesson. First ClasB (girls and boys).—Scripture—Narratives :nd moral lessons, Old Testament No. 1. Second Class.—Scripture—I.N. B. Old Testan ent No. 1, moral lessons. Third Class.— Scripture—I.N.B. Old Testament No. 1, New Testament No. L Fourth Class.—Seripture- I.N.B., whole series. Fifth Class.—As for fourth class. The same regulation snecifies the standard of proficiency to be reached by each class in each half-year, but this is in every case the same as in the course of instruction quoted above. The following table ehows the value of marks allotted for Scripture in each class, reading, writing, and arithmetic being also stated fpr comparative purposes.— Class.Class Cla9s Class Class fant. L IL III. IV. V. 100 100 100 100 SO Writing ... 60 60 100 100 100 so Arithmetic 100 100 100 100 100 100 ^eriptnre... / 30 30 30 60 60 60 5\. The next regulations are the " Conscience Clauses." Special Religious Instruction. —157. No pupil is required to receive special religious instruction if the parents or guardians of such pupil object to such religious instruction being given. General Religious Instruction.—15S. Where any parent or guardian objects to a pupil receiving the general religious instruction pretcribed in the course of instruction notification 'o this effect shall be made to the teacher in writine. Denominational Books.—159. The teacher in all schools under the superintendence of the Minister shall see that the religiouB books employed in the classes for special religious instruction are confined to the time and place of such instruction, and not left in the way of children whose parents may object .to them. C. It will thus be seen that Scripture lessons form a part of the regular work in every school from the highest class to the lowest. A careful insrecticn was made of the teaching in two large Sydney eohools with a daily attendance of 1,400 and 700 respectively, and these observations were checked by enquiries made in a cwintry school (250 average) about seventy miles from Sydney. I was assured on all hands that what was seen might be taken as typioal of the work in any one of the public sohools in the colony. 1. The Scripture lessons (each lasting three-quarters of an hour) appear to be given as a rule once a week. 2. It will give a better idea ef the nature of the instruction if the work set down for certain classes is epeoified in detail. It must be understood that this programme shows the lessons to be given dming the current quarter—January to March, Class II. (Lower Division).—Old Testament T. Lessons 1-4—The Creation; Adam in 1 aradise; Creation of the Woman; Fall of A dam and Eve into Sin. (Genesis 1-3.) Class IL (Upper Division).—Old Testament I. Lessons 9-12. From the Deluge to the CJII of Abraham; Call of Abraham; History of Abraham (continued); Covenant of Gad with Abraham. (Genesis 9-17 in part). Class IIL (Lower Division).—Old Testanent I. Lessons 17-20—Death of Abraham; Eirth of Esau and Jacob; Isaac goes to Gerar; Esau marries two wives; Jacob by c-tealth receives his father's blessinghis flight; his reception in Mesopotamia; his return with his family to Canaan. (Genesis 25,31 in part). Class III. (Upper Division).—Old Testament I. Lessons 21-25—Meeting of Jacob and Esau; altar at Bethel; death of Rachel; Joseph sold by his brethren; his imprison- : ment in Egypt; made Governor of Egypt. (Genesis 32-3, 5, 9, 40-1). Class IV. (Lower Division).—New Testament I. Lessons, 7-12, i.e., about three and a half chapters of St. Luke's GrospeL (Chapters 4 in part, 6, 7, 8). Class IV. (Upper Division).—New Testament II. Lessons, 1-10, i.e., Chapters 1 to 12 of the Acts of the Apostles. From this statement a fair idea may be gained of the amount of ground covered ; and it is hardly necessary to go into further detail, though the programme of other classes are available if required. 3\. I may now give a Bhort account of the lessons to which I had the privilege of listening, or, to be more accurate, the questioning on previous lessons. Infant Department.—The little ones were questioned on the birth of Christ, the visit of the wise men, the star in the East, the gifts they brought; they were told not to let Herod know; why 1 " Because Herod thought Jesus bad come to take away his palace." Not so. "Jesus did not come to Bit in a beautiful bouse, but to teach us how to be good, and to love God." (This was almost the only really religious remark I heard). After eight days JemiB was taken to the Temple, " a fine building, not like our little Sydney Churches," " just as our little children are taken to Church to be baptized." (No mention of even the name ircumcision). An old man was there, Simeon, a prophet; the promise to Simeon; he was very glad to see the child Jesus, and said he was quite ready to die now. Anna, the prophetesB. This lesson was well given—in fact, 1 am inclined to pronounce it quite the best I heard. The teacher was a young girl, and she ecidedly interested her pupils. Infants (another school).—Questioning on he life of Moees; his birth; names of his ather and mother; his cradle in the Nile; iriam's watch over him ; the finding by the riuce&B.; Clare II. (Boys).—On Abraham's sacrifice of eoac.'^-While listening to this lesson I re- j gretted to notice the familiar way in which the name of the Deity was used. Class III. (Boys).—On the call of Abraham the class read for about ten minutes. Then a map was drawn on the blackboard, and the Euphrates, Tigris, Jordan, Dead Sea, Sea of Galilee^ Bethil, Ai, and Jerusalem were taught. This lesson was well given, but rather from a geographical point of view. Class V. (Boys).—Twenty-two lads were present, and they were above the average in intelligence. They were questioned on the escape of the Israelites from Egypt; the institution of the Feast of the Passover; giving of the law by Moses from Mount Sinai; his forty days on the Mount; the two tables; the Feast of Pentecost. Then by an easy transition the teacher passed to the descent of the Holy Ghost on the Apostles at the Feast of Pentecost, the gift of tongues, and its use. In all cases the pupils appeared to have a fairly satisfactory knowledge of the portion of Scripture history which formed the basis of the questions. A . It may come as a surprise to many to learn that the Irish National Scripture lessonbooks do not appear to be read. An examination of the code of regulations issued by the New South Wales Department shows that the teachtrs are nowhere enjoined to have these books read. They (the books) are quoted to show what the course of instruction is to be, and consequently what is to be the nature of the Inspector's examination. It may also be presumed to be implied that the teachers must not go beyond what is stated in the books. From the nature of the case all lessons in infant departments must be given orally, and as a _ matter of fact they appear to be given iu th» same way in both boys' and girls' schools. The exact facts for the schools I visited are as follows:—School A (boys)— The books are never seen. School B (boys)—- Sometimes the pupils read for ten minutes a) the beginning of the lesson, the rest being oral. School B (girls)—A reading lesson may perhaps be taken once in three mouths. School C (boys and girls)—The books are never read. In reply to questions the teachers stated that they believed the general practice throughout the colony to be to give the lessons orally, not to read from the books. It is not a matter for surprise that the teachers do not confine themselves to the readme of these text-bookE. However well adapted they may be net to offend the prejudices of any section of Christians (and this would appear to be the speoial object which the compilers had in framing them) there can be no doubt that from an educational point of view they are very |>oor books indeed. It is difficult to conceive of anything more dull and uninteresting than a lesson which should consist merely of reading these passages with an explanation of the words marked for particular notice. Moreover, there are certain parts of the books which would be better omitted altogether by boys and girls. Having the best interests of the children at heart, and being naturally anxious to make their lessons as bright and effective as possible, the teachers give them orally, and in so doing every one with experience of young children must agree with them. 5\. The general impression left upon my mind is \hat in the Sydney schools regular and satisfactory instruction is given in Scripture history, with somewhat of a tendency to select stories from the Old Testament in preference to the New. I do not consider that these lessons are religious, and this is a perfectly natural consequence. No special time of the day is set apart, but uow in the morning and now in the afternoon a lesson in Scripture history takes its place between one in reading and another in arithmetic. It is a part of the regular business of the institution, and there is no special reverence about it. I must not be understood to reflect in the slightest dpgr^e upon either the system or the teachers who are carrying it out. The department follows the Act in prescribing this work, and the teachers loyally observe their instructions. D. Exemption from Attendance.—The regulation by which parents are permitted to withdraw their children from the Scripture lessons has been quoted above. No statistics are available to show how many children are exempted, but I was informed at the office that the number is not considerable. Some enquiry was made in the schools with the following result:—Outof a class numbering ninety there were eight children who did not attend—four Jews, two Roman Catholics, and two Freethinkers. In another class there were ten out of seventy; all were Roman Catholics or Jews. In the schools visited it appears to be looked on as a regular thing that Catholic and Jewish children are withdrawn from the Scripture lessons: the latter, however, not always when the instruction is from the Old Testament. E. Special Religious Instruction. — The religious body which avails itBelf to the greatest extent of the permission to give special instruction to the children of its own members during school hours is the Church of England. A committee has the matter under its care, and most of the city and suburban Bchools are regularly visited by either clergymen, paid catechists, or ladies. In the country the organization IB much less complete. The Presbyterians take the next place, and then the Wesleyans and the Jeers. The other religious bodies do very little in this direction. 2\. There is not the slighest friction in the arrangements. The department does all in its power to facilitate the work of clergymen or other authorized religious teachers. 3\. No statistics can be produced showing the number of schools in which special religious insti notion is given. 4\. No teacher employed by the department can take any part in the special religious instruction. The rule governing teachers' actions is very stringent. It is—30. Teachers of all ranks are required to abstain from participation in any public meetmgs or other gatherings on party, political, or sectarian topics, and generally to refrain from all action in such matters calculated to give offence to any section of the community, or to impair their own usefulness as teachers; they must also abstain from public oontrovsrsy upon the merits of the system of education now in force, and from acting as local preachers, lay-readers, or local correspondents of newspapers. F. Attitude of the Churches towards the Education System.—1. With one exception tie Churches appear to be satisfied with the education system. They value the help given to them in their Sunday- school work by the instruction in Scripture history in the public schools, and they value the privilege of attending to give special denominational teaching to the children of their own members. The Minister and the Under-Secretary informed me that these religious bodies do not try, and apparently do not want to get anything mora 2\. The one exception is the Catholic Church. Consistently with its stated policy this Church declines to recognise any education which is not conducted in strict accordance with its own methods. Hence, great efforts have been made to establish separate Catholic schools, and by the help of the Marist Fathers and other teaching Orders good progress has been made. At none of the schools visited did I find more than a few Catholic children, but there were in the immediate neighbourhood large schools belonging to that Church. Of course in sparsely populated districts the only place at which education can be obtained is the public school, but on the whole the number of Catholic children taught by the State is very much smaller in proportion than the Catholic population. Though no doubt a number of children belonging to this Church do actually attend the general Scripture lessons as far as I could gather the policy of the clergy is to require the children to be withdrawn. On the other hand Catholic teachers employed in the public schools give the Scripture lessons to their classes in the usual way. 3\. No statistics are available to show the rumber of Catholic children in attendance at the public schools. Inspector-General of Schools. I have, &o.;, JOHN A. HARTLET, 