The Assembly has met the Government in a lively spirit, but not in an ill humored one, if we may judge by what is permitted to transpire. 'The Patterson Ministry came in lost session with a majority of throe. It lias passed through a troubled recess, sustained a rupturo in its own ranks, and yet after all meets the second session of this Parliament with an apparent majority of at least a dozen. This is auspicious for business. It is not that tho present Government has in any material manner promulgated a new policy. Substantially, the Patterson polity, is a continuation of that of Mr-. Shiels. Mr. M'Kenzie remarked on this foot whilst seconding tire address in reply to the Governor's Speech. " Why, then, did " you not support the Shiels Government?" naked a voice from the Opposition benches. The query was a pertinont one j but the answer was no less opt nnd cogont. " A " wavering attitude invites mutiny, whilst " n strong Government shows that it will " not tolorato sedition in its ranks." It is probable that, in that sentence Mr. M'Kenzio has struck tlio explanation of why tlio Patterson Government meets Par liament this session so much stronger than it loft it at the break up of the last one. Tho new member for Kara Kara, Mr. Anderson, did not occupy tho House very long in proposing tho address in reply. IIo seems to bo a man of thoughts rather than of words. Putting osido, all but three of tho many topics touched upon by tho Governor, he declared that retrenchment, iinanco and land settlement are tlio only matters that stand out very pro minently in tlio immediate future. Mr. Anderson says, that his constituents believe that tho Government lias a fair grasp of the situation, and lie is determined to give the Ministry a cordial support. The one idea that ho may he said to have contributed is that in our future land policy there should be two land bills, or at least two distinct parts of one bill — one part dealing with settlement in tho northern plains aiul the mnllce in larger areas, and the other restricting settlement in Gippsland to small allotments. Mr. M'Kenzie took occasion to thank the Government for having resisted the pressure to give a State guarantee for current accounts at the hanks. Tho lion, member admitted that at first he was disposed to join in tlio cry for that to bo done ; bnt reflection lias convinced him that the relief thus purchased would havo been bought too - dearly, inasmuch as it would have crested a dangerous precedent, which in the hands of less scrupulous men might be made to work great mischief in the future. Ho might have added that it would have committed tiie country to an unknown liability, whilst almost offering a premium to hanking insolvency. It has rarely been Mr. M'Intyro's lot to come in for commendation in Parliament, nnd ho will hnvo relished all the more the praiso given to him last evoning for liis administration during tlio recess. Mr. M'Kenzie, Bpeaking from personal know ledge, quite corroborates tlio statements made by us yesterday, that the land administration of this colony lias for years traversed and almost reversed the intention of the Legislature as expressed in tlio Land Act of 1884. That Act has beon adminis tered, ho says, with something more than the ordinary officialism df red tape — with an ironbound determination to follow tho tradi tions of " how not to do it." Mr. M'lntyre has altered a good deal of that, cutting through official oli3tructiveness with tlio keen blade of Ministerial resolve, and the result is that he has promoted settlement during the recess veiy considerably by his mere fiat. But all this has been only a prelude to tlio now legislation that is to follow. Tlio Speech says : — " Measures " to encourage tlio increase of the " products of the land, and to givo profit- " able employment to a large number of " people, will be submitted, for your " approval. Amongst tlieso a Lanii Settle- " ment Bill to establish village conimuni- " ties, homestead associations and labor " colonies will claim your oarly considora- " tion." Every one, recognising the im mense importance of stimulating the aggre gate produce of the land, will be tempted to exclaim that tho sooner this can be douc tho better. It may he noted as a satisfactory thing that Ministers see their way to a continu ance of railway construction, and to that end the Premier last night gave notice of a measure to amend tlio Railway Standing Committee Act. The Speecli on that matter affirms that "railway extension in " certain districts is an absolute necessity " to secure their immediate progress." But the same document is careful to add that " the Government outlay in that direction " will havo to depend on monoys to be " raised locally." Tlio plain meaning of that is that the colony must hasten very slowly in its futuro railway policy. As to the character of the new taxation which lias to ho undertaken, the Govern ment is naturally somewhat reticent. Whatever shape it may take, it is sure to be received with ill grace in some quarter or other. Wherever the new shoe may pinch there is certain to he a squeal. The language of the Speech on tho point is softly diplomatic " My advisers deeply " regret that any additional taxation, even " of a temporary character, has to ho " proposed. Tlio necessities of tlio occasion, " however, will compel them to do so. The " exigencies of the State demand, and sound " policy dictates, that sufficient income " should be raised to cover the expenditure " of tiie year. Proposals will also be mado " to deal with the existing deficit." We may gather from tiiis that the Treasurer intends to content himself this year with providing merely against the prospective deficit of next year, allowing the accrued deficit to stand over for the present. Pro posals are to be mado " to deal with the "existing deficit." "Dealing" with it will mean probably putting it away in the least inconvenient manner till better times come to enable us to pay it. Many a pri vate citizen would be very well satis fied if lie could slave off tlio day of reckoning in some similarly " freo, "easy and accessible manner." It was remarked by the lion, member who seconded the address in roply to tho vice-regal Speech, that the pidce de resis tance of Ministerial policy, retrenchment, has but little prominence in that docu ment. But he himself supplied the reason for that, ltctrenchment has been so fully before tbe country, and tbe necessity for it is everywhere so well recognised, that it maybe said to have pasBed beyond the realm of controversy and to be accepted aB inevitable. Tlie official reference to it seems portincnt enough:— "A series of further proposals " for au extensive and decisive decrease of " tho public expenditure will be laid bofore "you. Jlheso will embrace, not only " temporary reductions for the next three " years, but permanent ones applying to " futuro appointments and promotions. " Votes of public moneys will havo to bo " curtailed, but my advisers rely on tho " patriotism of Parliament, as representing " the country, to support their efforts in " this direction so as to secure the main- " tenanco of tho public credit abovo all " other considerations." In that passage tho municipal vote, tlie mini ng prospecting vo to, and tlie dozen odd votes to charities, University, agricultural shows, and freo libraries, may all conclude that they aro in for a paring, and must he content with a diminished subsidy from tlio Stato coffers. Tlie hint is a pretty broad one, and it will be just as well that it shall bo broadly taken. Tlio more tlieso votes are curtailed the smaller will need to bo the volume of the new taxation. To-day tlie House will deal with tho formal matter before it, and tho sooner it gets over this first fenco the more quickly it can -reach the heart of its true work. Tiie figure of Admiral Tryon, standing resigned and elect with folded arms on tho bridge of his sinking ship while tlie preferred lifo belt is handed him in vain, willriind a place in British hearts by the / side of tlio four -hundred heroes who' went down in tho 111 fated Birkenhead Bilent and unmoved in parade order, as tlie boats which rescued their wives and children waved a last adieu. "Whether tho courage that faces an unavoid able death without flinching is the ..highest kind of courage or not, it will bo an evil day for humanity when it withholds its meed of admiration from tlio mail who meets his doom with nought but tlie thought of duty tu norve him. No doubt what Admiral Tryon did is done lij every soldier who rushes into tlie imminent deadly breach at tlio sound of tlie bugle's call ; but tho bravory of tliosoldioris tlie bravery tiiat springs from liigli animal spirits lashed to frenzy by tho transports of tlio war that is raging around him. Nothing is more common than tn think of bravory as a uniform virtue com mon to all deeds of daring nliko, whereas no virtue is more fluctuating or precarious in .quality. . If we listen to tlio experiences of excellent judges liko Lord Wolsoloy and General Porter of the United States army, no man whoso avocations lead liirn into habitual danger is so liable to panic as the soldier. General Porter tells ns that at least 25 per cent, of the men whom he commanded in- tho Civil War funked right out of tlio field,, and that another 25 per cent, would havo followed them if it had not boon safer to light than to run away. This is just what wo may expect of that physical valor which depends upon tho hohavior of the nerves only. A dream, a vapor or an ague lit May inako a coward ol a man who has no other cue to action than the Rtimiiiua of a contagious excitement, which may faint and flag at any moment. If we want to find true heroism wo must go to .men who are not hound by any legal or moral con tract to show it — to that engineer of tho Mississippi, for example, immortalised in Col. Hay's undying verse, who held tlio bow of tlie burning steamer to the river's bank, as he swore lie would, till every soul had loft her : — Through tlio hot block broatli of tho burning boat Jhn lUudso'a voice was heard ; Ami they all had trust hi his cussodncss And know ho would lrcop Ills word. And suro's you're horn, tlioy all got oft, Aforo tho smoko stack foil— And Blndso'o ghost went tip alone In tho smoke of tho Prairie Belle. Thisis the self sacrificingcourago that courts deatli that others may live ; and wo fc61 instinctively tlie difference between it and tlio intrepidity of the soldier who dies because it is his business and dnty to die, and because ho is in a position where the chances of avoiding death are not worth calculating on. Lord Wolseley narrates two instances of the kind of courago that enters into the soldier's character so largely. One is tlio case of Sir Gerald Graham before Sebastopol, who would never take the trouble to go through tho trenches, hut struck a bee line for camp, exposed for many hundred yards to tlie bullets of tlie Ilussians which foil around him liko hail ; and the other was Captain Sir William Peel, who used to walk quite unconcernedly, with his tolescopo on his arm, quarter-deck fashion, on tho raised plateau behind his battery, and grow cooler as the fire grew hotter. But the coolness and self possession which characterised their conduct is rather akin to insensibility to danger than to the courago which asserts itself in spite of tho consciousness of danger. It does not, like the courage of tlie martyr, who goes to tho stake for a principlo, argue self abandonment of the purest kind, because it 13 alloyed with profes sional esprit. Every buttle field furnishes examples of pluck and audacity of tlio same kind, but the enthusiasm which prompts them is 0110 half tho sense of dis cipline and the other half tho tigerish passion for blood which lies dormant in tho veins of tho race, and is roused to fever heat by the smouldering fires of race hatred. Such indifference to danger is an affair of the temperament as much as anything, and may have little or nothing in common with indifference to life. Tlie Chinese are not brave in tlio military sense, but it is easy to iiire a Chinaman who will submit to be beheaded in your place. General Penelon told Nassau Senior that ho once presided at an execution in Algeria in which the wrong man was about to be shot. It was found out in time, but he did not seem to care about it; yet lie would probably havo run away in battle. The caprices of courage in fact arc almost as innumerable as tlio caprices of cowardice ; and innumerable as tliey are they all have their source in tlie moral or the physical nature. If we bclievo a certain school or philosophers tliey are all impulses of selfishness. Tlio man who runs away is inspired by tlie snmo motive as the man who remains to fight. Admiral Tryon died because ho felt it was nobler to die as lie did and be mentioned with honor in tlie Gazette, than to struggle to ovade a death which was almost certain to over take him ; wliilo Ealstaff or Mr. Bob Acres would certainly have consulted their interest and their safety and accepted tho proffered life belt. Virtually, this is to reduce a brave man to the level of a poltroon, and the difficulty of accepting such a classification is increased a hundredfold when we remove bravery from the physical to the moral sphere, as in tho case of that noblo priest of humanity, the Catholic missionary, Father Damioh, who faced tho horrors of a living tomb in a leper settlement for no more reward than a good conscience could givo liim. To put him ill the same category with tho man who is prompted to recoil from danger by sheer self interest is to jumble the springs of action together in chaotic con-' fusion, and make a moral science next to impossible. If there are kinds and degrees of courage which defy such a nice analysis as would give each its due merit, they are at any rate all easily distinguishable from cowardice. It would be just as reasonable to say tliat Admiral Tryon was not a hero because 'all heroes must he more or less egotists as to say that ho is a suicide because every man who declines to use tho means of saving himself is thereby accessory to his own death. Even tho suicide, for that matter, is not destitute of tho courago that supports him while lie screws his nerves up to the sticking point. Iu General Gordon's diary, written almost up to the fall of Khartoum, wo find liiin dis cussing the question whether he should allow himself to fall into the Mahdi's hands alive ; and no one would have questioned . his bravery if he had chosen to die by his own hand rather than do so. Who thinks the worse of Antony for preferring death to being dragged at tlie wheels of Ciesar's chariot, or the better of Hamlet for living vacillating on till Laertes' poisoned rapier had despatched him? If any alloy mingles with his countrymen's admiration of Admiral Tryon's splendid " taking off," it will be in tbe thought that the unnamed heroes who lost their own lives in trying to save their comrades' can have no tangible share in. tho tribute that tliey pay to it. 