Cracks from Cabby's WHIP. No. I. A few evenings ago after fixing up the mokes for the night — we are told that a righteous man is good to his beasts, aud this is my case, as I always look to their wants before satisfying my own ; as I was saying, if ter attending to my team, which consists of five all told, the names of which are as follows : — Hadee, Harrie, Jock, Billy, and Kneel, the pedigrees, characters, and stables of which I will treat later on. After partaking of a nice hot din ner, which my good old Mary Ann has always in readiness for me on re turning home, for you see we cabbies are not like these government chaps and others, we cannot get home in the middle of the day to our lunch, as they call it, as we have to be on the look out for a job, although they are few and far between just now and the fares awfully cut down. Well, after having done justice to the r.ibbit pie and hot coffee I sat down by my cosy fireside to smoke the pipe of peace and have a -good old chat with the lady already introduced, who is no less a personage than Mrs. Harry Jingle, my wife, who is the mater of numerous young Jingles, which she calls her olive branches, aud of a truth Bhe has proved to be a most fruitful vine, and has done good service to the state in the shape of adding to the population. I may say that I prefer staying at borne at night telling my dear old girl about what I have seen and heard all day — and cabby hears and sees some strange and funny things, some of which I may acquaint you with by-and-bye. I may also inform the kind and gentle reader that I am a member of the Salvation and Blue Ribbon Army, and not one of those cabbies who spend their night at the Pig and Bagpipes or the Cat and Fiddle, swilling Cascade she-oak, or as some calls it the railway make-haste, spending like asses the few bobs they have earned and neglecting the poor old mokes, many of them half starved, who are willing to work, but can't get any, and should be classed among Mr. Bird's unemployed. With their poor heads and sunken eyeballs hanging down at one end and their tails tucked between their legs to keep warm, at the other end, im ploring a job, if only to get a run to warm them and take the stiffness out of their poor weary limbs, some of them too show most unmistakable signs of the times in exhibiting their almost naked ribs that could easily be couuted by a blind man without the slightest difficulty, and as for their hind parts Cabby could hang the nosebag on their hipbones. I do not make these statements with a view to slander any of my brethren, for poor much-abused Cabby is not unkind to his pets and would keep them in clover if the times were not so out rageously hard and all brought about by the boss of swindles, the bursting up of the V.D.L.B., which stands for villainous, devilish, luckless, blun dering, which brought sad and grivous suffering even to the poor old cab -horses. Well, as I was saying, good old Mary Ann and I were sitting com fortably by the fire having our usual gossip, when the dear old girl, with one of her bewitching smiles, said, 'I say, Harry, why don't you send some of the cracks you have written about to the papers P I am sure they would be read by all sorts of people — seeing that you write in your diary every night all you have heard aud seen during the day all about the people that rides in yout cab, and what they talks about and where they go and that like, and as you say you know, everybody and everybody's business, you must have a lot to tell that the public would very much like to hear and you know how curious lots of people are to know all about other people's bnsiness nnd all their ins ami outs, don't cher know ? Then, you know, my dear, I will be able to get you lots to write about, as 1 intend to join what they call the hen parliament, oi what Alder man W ? has christened them, the cackling corporation, then I wj.ll be able to tell you all about the sanitary pan system which you know is a very nice, sweet, and fascinating subject for ladies to handle, for Lady Hamil ton was on the scent, and now Mrs. Dobson and other ladies of equal re finement have followed it up, and why shouldn't Mrs. Jingle as well as the best of them, then I can give you all the cackle that I am eure- you will pronounce to savour more of manuie than poetry, I could not help giving way to her dear entreaties and so I promised I would furnish the Clipper with some of my clacks, maybe, every week, the present one beiug the first of the series. 'Now, my dear old Hairy,' says my good old Mary Ann, who can be very loving and affectionate, like most other ladies, when there is a point, ' You know the general elections for Parliament is not far off, and I want you to put up for a seat, one of those nice ones they have in the House, where you can make yourself quite comfortable during the long winter evening's : then vou know. hubby dear, there is seventy-five pounds per annum hanging to it, to eay nothing of all the little pick ings, free railway passes, franked letters, telegrams, etc., and may be sometimes a little log-rolling, but of course this must be kept quite dark.' This she said with a knowing wink of her dear old eye, that spoke volumes. Of course I knew what she meant, and returned her wink with a nod. I could not help laughing at the dear old girl's suggestions, and told her I would not have a ghost of a show. ' Nonsense,' said she, ' faint heart never won a fail' lady, have a go in old boy. Look at your name sake, Henry Dobson, he hadn't a show for South Hobart, yet he got in for the rotton borough of Brighton, and then riggled in like an eel into the Premier's seat. What do 3-ou think of that now P' says she, with a toss of her beautiful old figure-head, which was almost irresistible. Then she continued, ' If you are only a cabby, I am quite sure you are as good ai any of them fellows that have a handle to their names, M.H.A. Yes, and a lot better than some of them that I could mention. You can talk common sense, Harry, and that's more than most of the herd that goes in there can do, as you yourself have often toldnie. Thenyousee, Harry,after yourseat got warm you might bring in a want of confidence vote against the Government, as your name-sake done, (hen you might get pitch-forked up as chief boss — then, my stars, we would come out as the Hon. Harry and Mrs. Jingle ; then wouldn't we do the la-de-da, and might get our daughter Molly married to a commodore in the navy, a captain or lieutenant would not do for us. Oh no, dear no, we'd like something a notch above that. Now sonny,' says dear old Mary Ann, ' how do you like the picture.' I told her I liked it immensely, and would fully fall in with her wishes to the best of my ability. This assur ance sent the dear old soul off to her virtuous couch in the most amiable of moods, perhaps to dream of the time when she might become Lady Jingle. In accordance with my promise I will now give a description of my team, such as they are, five in num ber, although two would perfoim all the work in these times of depression and retrenchment. I would turn them out to starve like some of the poor old Government hacks had I not some feeling of compassion for them and the services they rendered in more prosperous times, and now that times are hard I would rather share with them than snavel all the loaves and fishes as some does that cabby wots of; well, here goes — Hadee is an old grey, how old, I cannot say, as he has lost his mark for many years, so that it is useless to examine his mouth, he was originally imported, I think, from the Isle of Sky or somewhere there, shortly after he was landed in Hobart Town, which is many years ago, he was travelled to Lauuceston and after some time was put up at the Black Bull stables where he stood until he changed owners, after which he played many parts. He ran for short periods in the State coach, but was found wanting, not being good enough ; for some time he was a cor poration hack, which fitted him rather better than the State coach. He is a beggar to drive, being hard in the mouth and runs away to the off side and tries to drag the others with him, he is a stubborn as a mule, and nothing but the whip will keep him up in the collnr, besides he is very groggy on the legs, aud has a job to keep his footing ; he has been down many times, and requires a tight rein and curb to keep him in his place as he is not to be trusted ; he has to be run on the off-side, so that hu can be kept well under the whip; he has a epavjn on the off foro-leg, and wind gall on the near one, to reduce these I have to use an embrocation com posed of retrenchment, income tax, and ministerial arrogance, laid on with a little brief authority, but this will not last long, so that the old moke will soon have to be turned out to grass as useless, or disposed of to the sausage maker, but I am afraid he would be found rather tough and none ti- srivoury. Harry is by an imported Clydesdale, but, unlike his sire, is rather weedy ; he is an iron grey, rather too much tucked, a little gone in the wind, and rather weak in the knees, possibly owing to a splint on the off fore-leg and a ring bone on the near fetlock, which gives him a rather awkward hop ; but these defects may be re medied by theapplicationof thefollow ing compound : — Golden ointment, six and eight pence ; parchment and sanitary pan oil, imported from Elboden-place, to be well shaken before taken. He was rather aged when put into harness; however, he seems to drop into the collar pretty well, aud with a little nursing, gentle treatment, and mountain aii, he niay turn out the premier nag of the team. Up to the present he has not cost much for wl.ipcord, as he runs pretty free, all things considered. Next comes Jock o' Hazeldean, im ported fra the laud o' cakes; he is a sturdy little prad, sound in wind and limb, a straight goer, at all events, up to the present, and I think from the way be has collared that he will turn up trumps and Don the blue ribbon of the team, he came from the North but be is none the worse for that as I take him on his merits. The next on the list is called Billy the Blower, by an imported galloway and was bred in the North. Heputs on an awful lot of side, and makes believe just as though he earned hi his veins the blood of a Panic, he too is rather weak about the kuees and slightly gone in the pasterns ; he tries to make a big show but he is green to the work, he may improve when he gets further into the collar and finds his ballast ; he got a Fall some time back at Evandale, which strange to say, in place of doing harm has set him quite on his legs again. 1 find that he too will have to be doctored, and purpose employing the following ingredients for his ailments . compound essence of self-esteem, equal parts of going, going, gone, with 5 per cent, added, to make the application successful. The next and Ia6t of the team to whom attention is to be drawn is a dark Welsh colt, called Kneel. This name, I presume, was given to him because of his disposition to say his prayers, or going on his marrowbones. In all other lespeets he seems sound enough. His pace is rather sluggish, so that he too will have to be brought under the whipcord, should he not mend his paces during the coming season. Some say he is too slow for a funeral, but more pace must be driven out of him, especially as his joints are well rubbed in with a very nice and pleasant lubricator com posed of rich salaiy, expensive briefs, fees, and many emoluments too nume rous to particularise just here at present. I have now given a brief descrip tion of my team, which will be ex hibited at the show to be held next Tuesdaj' afternoon at the bottom of Murray -street, where they will be on view for some little time. Admission, free, by ticket. There will also be other prads on view, exhibiting them selves to the wondering gaze of an admiring audience. Cabby. 