MAORILAND HO ! ? ICOrVRIOIlT.} Nature's Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY J1TBA WESTBVBY. CHAPTER VIII. — Continued. a man can slido into ruin if hu ia bont upon it just as easily' ns n lnd can pass down a smooth plunk after tho manner of a monkey. My friends introduced mo to a money lender, who, for a considera tion, took my noto of hand, and supplied mo with what cash I wanted. I-iiick wns against mo always. It mattered not with whom I played ; the loans I recoived ! ? melted away liko wax. Ono day I received no torn, peremptory letter from my fathor, commanding mo to return homo. I paid no heed, but '.vent my own wild, sinful way to ruin. How « did the ond come ? It seema to mo now only as tho romonibrnnce of Bomo horrid nightmaro when I try to diBontnnglo con fused phantasmagoria. I know 1 had been drinking heavily — drink in any shape had hitherto beon as so much poison to me, but I took it greedily now to utill conscience. From tho feverish desire to retrieve my losses I had passed on to a careless, callous indifference. Wiiilo money was supplied to mo 1 took it, and did not trouble how or when it should bo paid back. It was only when tho source stopped — dried up, that tho awakening camo, I remember it was a dark night in February that I found myself moping all alone in a small retreat, a sort of shrubbery, adjoining tlio villa at lluivks neat. Iliad lost a large sum of money ; I do not know how much, and had given n bill at sight on my father, tlio Gonerul. My mind was a chaos, a conflicting hell, ' wherein onoliugo, black- shadow stretched its blighting wings botwoen 1110 and tho stars. Tlio shnpo was tclf dent ruction. Ye 0, above tho wnlleil gloom around. Ihnt ono thought took shape liko a slrenk of light in a raven thundercloud. Sitting here nursing and strengthening the terri ble devil within ino, I became aware tliat I wos not alone. Twu persons, whom I . easily recognised in tlio darkness as Jooo lyn Vanborough and Itiah Barjew, en tered arm in arm, aud paused within a fow feot of me. . ' And bo you nro ronlly going tomor row, Jooolyn,' she said, in low trembling accents. Must it really be tomor row ?'* ,n\\.- ?? ? 'Really to-morrow, doar Hiahi' he replied,' releasing his arm and folding her. . to his bosom. ' I hiivo been away soven months, fqur weeks. longer than my torni . of. leave.'?,.' ' Well, I suppose it must hu bo,' sho said .; ' but I will follow you to Mel bourne, .Tocslyn, I'm determined.' ' What ! leave your devoted swain, ?Mr Ashford, to mourn your absence,' ho cried witii mock solomnity, _I anw Rinh Bnrjow draw hersolf from liis ombrnco, and straighten hor figure to ?? - its full height. ' No more of this nonsoimo,' hIio cried, stamping her little foot in suddon passion. 'What iiavo I to do with such a foolish feather-brain as this boy. Do you think it possible that 1, the daughter of Itatnzki Barjew, swindler, rnkolioll, tho polished rook of Bociety, could entertain ono sori ous thought on Bitch a grooti-hoadod fool, biivo for tho purposes for which wo use i such as ho. Bali 1 tho hawk and the dovo onnuot mnto.' ' Forgive mo, Itiah ; I did but jest,' ho oried, again enfolding hor. 'Why not pomo with mo to Melbourne ?' ' Ah, why not ?' sho auswerod, in a voice that Bliook with strong dilution. ' You have all that n woman such' as i can give you— love. ? In. it you have a talisman, whioli nmkeu mu your willing slave, Joeelyn, for evbr.? ! Take mo where ? you will j but boware you deceivo the' not, I am of that disposition which does not submit to wrong tamoly'. ._HoIod hor out . with soothing words, . his arm round hor waist. 1 havo no idea how long I Bat in that retl'ont. Motion, 1 feeling, life itself .seemed suspended within mo. The cup :of bitternoss was full and overflowing. If J lmd not boon hold spollbound with amazement I . would have struck tliiB woman doad nt tho feet of hor paramour. . I. had no powor to back tho strong will. Liko tho somnambulist who retires to liis soft couch nnd wnkos up to lind himself ? on sonio dangerous poak or ohaBin, I ; lound myself at tlint moment whon tho \- ' scales foil front my eyes. In one singlo moment of timo a man may experience that which crowds itself into a lifotimo. As I write now, after ? .thoso years, tlio old hofror comes back to nio, nnd I havo to Iny down my pen until \- it has passed. .????- Christ, pity nnd strengthen all thoso who aro wenk and nro tempted. That 0110 shadow which I hugged in my dark hour still pointed tho way to mo, ; and I followed it. It pointed to a re volver hung ovor tho fireplaeo in my bod room at Glencourt. It wns still night ; when I roached homo. 1 had not boon thero for months, nor had I answored the many letters sent to me, I reachod my room stealthily, took down tho weapon, loaded it carefully, and hid it in , iny bosom. As 1 cropt dautiouslv along tho corridor, on my way out of tlio houso, a door opened suddenly, and tho General . stood beforo mo. 'So,' Raid ho, sternly, 'it is you I Templo Ashford, rogue, gambler, thief, crawling into my houso like a burglar in tlio dead of night! You whom I have loved, and who [imagined would prosorvo .' the honor of an old and untarnished name, have blackened and dragged it through . the mire. Begone, wroteli ! You nro no longer a son of mine ! Henoo I boforo I kill you. Strip yourself of that which yon aro not worthy to boar— my name ? and never lot tno look upon you again ? go.' Without a word I obeyed, still follow ing the shadow tlmt lod me, I walked on ward full of ono thought. Dawn oame, ' .and the day grow on, nnd when evening fell it found mo in a solitary ravine on the enstorn shoro of tho lako. I had no ' ' tdea of time, or light, or darkness, for this ^elf. samo shape of destruction had mo ' - 'thoroughly in, its , j^rasp, It seomed to mock at life with its sharp agonios, and ? pointed tlie way out of it. A spasm, and U was done. I pointed tho weapon at ? «iy heart, whon lo ! another shadow oiimo aetweeri me and tho tempter, and stayed Oiy damnable purpose. The shadow and (!-rm and substance of a woman, with a , paio, melancholy face, ivhioh looked down upon mo with a world of sympathy in hor ' '' Jovjng eye*. Ornspinrr ilio revolver she wrenched it from my linml, nnd threw it into the deep waters at .our fi et. Then sho spoke. ' Foolish boy. Would you kill your sotil as well a* your body,' sho said. ' Who are you ?' ' A womnn whose years fit hor for your mother, and whoso siill'erings out balance yours a hundred fold. Oh, wicked, unhappy youth,' she cried. ' 1 havo seen you with tho villains in yonder den, and 1 watched you, for I .saw that it would come to this in tho end.' The shadow was still with me, and I nnswered sullenly, — ' Enough madam ; leave mo to myself. A wretch such as 1 is not fit to livo.' Hush,' pleaded tho soft voice ; ''pain and sorrow aro sometimes tho ministers by which wo aro purged of folly and sin. I, like you, havo soon tlio black gulf, out of which camo a dovil to lure mo to por dition. I had a treasure on which my whole heart was fixed. Mine was.'a'prolid heart j and tho treasure was taken from me, so that I might see tho bonuty of humility.' ' Who aro you ?' ' I am Elaio Black. God help mo. Night after night, whilo full of anothor purpose, I have watched you going head Jong yonder whither villains led you ; and whilo I watched, to ino canio tho thought that if I could only lead you back out of the darkness into the sunlight again, Heaven would bleas my oll'ott, and restore my treasure to ino.' I cannot say how tho fiend wont out of mo at this poor creature's pleading. In her accents my dead mother seemed to sponk to mo from tho world of spirits, and my heart was molted, tho dread shape exorcised. Mrs Black took mo to her house. Hero tho strain upon my nerves gave way, and I lay in a dangerous fover, through which I was carefully nursed by my noble hostess and hor servant. With health and strongth camo tho rosolvo to atone for my past wickedness. No moro Templo Ashford, but Tomplo Vane, Vane, tho maiden uamo of my poor dead mother, should bo mine until I had redeemed myself — until I had paid back the , money I had lost at Hawks nest. And now a gleam of light falls Boftly on mo ns 1 pen theso words. Mrs Black, iny bonofactress, is here beneath the Bamo roof with mo, but sho does not recognise 1110 iu tho altered conditions of my lifo. I saw her kind oyes grow dim to-night, and turn thoughtfully my way as they sang, — ' Trust tho lad a littlo longer, Do not foar ; Ho will better grow and strongor Fathor dear.' Havo I grown bettor and stronger through those long, long years of lonely exile ? Am I strong enough to say, ' [ will arise and goto my Father! With my Heavenly Fathor's blessing I will. CHAPTER IX. ; AN 01.11 FACE WITII A NEW .MASK. It is night— a night that does not pre sent itself many times during the summer season in Mnoriluiul. The moonlight glimmers on rook and chasm, on tree and shrub, nnd on tho wide, dusty Great South rond leading to Otago. With tho privilege of tho novelist wo must leave thoso of our characters at Pinofalls under tho tondor care and hos pitality of Major Weldon and his family whilo wo draw aside tho curtain, and re veal some others who have prominont parts in this sorio-coniedy of actual lifo. Across tho uplands and tho rugged slopos, shimmering under tho moon's rays, long shadows lie, mingled with a palo, flitting light, whioli shifts from ridgo to ridgo, and then is gono liko a ghost, leaving tho landscape ribbed with bars of gloom. Out on the Western ridgo, bearing soa ward, and fully twenty miles distant, tho lights of 'I'aiiranga are clearly discern ible. .Right and left, as far as the sight can pierce, tho, shadows .of thick forests stretch, liko blaolc garmonts, awaiting tho magic touch of tho Bun to change them into the green and golden glory of Now Zealand foliago. In among their omboworod darkness, lonoly even in tho night, flicker and shino tho many lights of a largo mansion, and from whoso opon windows thero comes at fitful times tlio faint echo of music, which roaches tho lonely, dusty road. It comes. liko a lost voico calling into tho night for soino solitary, wandering spirit, for whom it had wearied and waited long. As if in obedience to tho mournful call, limping slowly within its echo cornea a wayfaror, bo gaunt aud ghastly tlmt it needed but ono touch of moonlight to change him into a ghoBt. Hi'b tattered coat, and tho palo faoo abovo it, bnthod in tho wanglimmor, had a weird, unoarth ly look. : . Again a soft rofrain rushed acroBS the kauri treos and into tho highway, where tho vagrant wayfaror Btood and Bhivered. Ho started as though a living voice had called him by name. ' I am coming — coming,' he said, hur riodly. Thon muttoring a low, fiorce oath on his folly, sat down to rost hiin Bolf. ? j IIo had hardly slid down upon a heap of debris at his feot whon a sharp voice callod out, — ' Italian, man ! do you want to bo run ovor ? Got out of tho way ; my horse evidently doos not liko you.' Tho tramp rose slowly, but kept in tho shadow of tho tall ferns, which heroabouts grew taller than the fonco. From his vantago ground ho Bcanned tho wellup pointed vehiolo of tho newcomor, his high Hteppiiig liorso, nnd lastly Iub hnndsomo faco, on whioli tho moonlight foil with a coldglittor. ! ' Look horo my man,' ho criod, ' there's a gate about horo soinowhero ; fiud it for mo, and hold it open, and there's half-a-orown foryotir trouble.' ' I 'know nothing about your gatos ; I'm a .Btranger horo,' criod tho other, roughly. ' A stranger, oh V Never mind, you have eyes, and know a gate when yon boo one,' responded he in the trap, trying to Bootho his horse, whioli was becoming rostivo. , ' I know nothing about it,' muttered tho man on foot, shrinking furthor back into tho ring of gloom shrouding liiin. An oath sprang out from tho otlior. ' Don't you soo I can't got down ?' ho oriod, through his set teeth. ' If you aro not a lurking thief, you will come forth and do what I ask. I would not tioublo you if this bruto was at all man ageable. My groom —confound him — has missed mo somohovv.' I Not the appeal , or the taunt accompany ing it, but Bomi.thiiig in tho voico of tho Bpenkor oaused the weary and ragged sun downer to emerge from his obsourity into the full light of tho moon. He took throe atridos to tho conveyance, and looked hard at the porsonngo soated in . wars . 'Well! will you find the gate for mo asked tlm otlior, without doiguing to notice tlie rudeness. ' Yes. Where in it ; which side o! the road I' ' To tho left, noar yonder log.'' The gate was opened, and, with hat .slouched over his eyes, tho wanderer stood holding it iib the handaomo dogcart dashed through. Fifty yards away tho vohicle was pulled up suddenly. ' Thank you ! here's your monoy,' ho cried, and down camo the ring of a heavy coin. ' What place is this V' asked tho tramp. ' Glencourt, and tliiB rond is a short cut to it,' roplied tho other. ' Shut tho gato, and put yourself on tho otlior sido of it, my man. Thero are any amount of fierco dogs at Glencourt, and thoy are by no means partial to tramps.' ' Is that Glencourt away yondor with all tho lights gleaming through tho win dows ?' queried tho tatterdomalion. 'That's it. Thoro's a ball thero to-night and I'm lato, so must say ta-ta. If you'ro thinking of trying your luck, bettor do so to-morrow. You'll got nothing to night.' Whistling a snatch from soino opera ho drives on, tho dust of his« wheals flying back iu tho faco of tho man holding tho gate. Thero is a queer look on that samo faco as ho closes tho gato with a sharp snap, as if it had been tho terrible jawB of 801110' sea monator closing on its prey. Tho man doos not oven look for tho monoy thrown to him, but limps slowly along tho path tho otlior has gono. It is a bro:id carriage drive, liuod 011 either sido with noble kauri pines, but it baa many zig-zag windings. From troo to tree, keeping still in tho gloom, ho troads hia way, until a turning of tho long avonuo brings him iu viow of tho houso. It is a large sti ucture, tho ground be ing open about it. Ho can soo tho groat gates of tho lodge, and tho lodge itself ablaze with light, and iho road lending to it crowded with carriages. Tho placo is fully a mile distant, but all the surroundings aro plainly dis ccrniblo. Boyond the mansion, on the oppoaito sido of tho hedge, thero is a long shrubbery, liko an arcade, and lit up with Chinese lantorns and otlior parti-colored lights. From this thero floats upon tho ears of tlio wayfaror, Inughtor, and the low hum of many voices, with anon a strain of soft music. ?' VYhat a devil of a strange world this IB,' mutters tho tramp, talking and look ing wistfully beforo him. ' Hero havo I beon two wliolo days without a grain of food having passed my lips, and yondor tho people aro ^surfeited with dainties. I wondor what they would say if I pre sented myself, and begged a good Bquaro meal V iSah ! I'm not on for any such foolery. I'm strong yot, and can wait. Patience is a virtue, aud, ecod .' it is the only virtue left to mo, sinee no other al ternative has boen left to me but to prac tice it.' He looks about, and finding a soft couoh of young ferns beneath tiie lofty canopy of a wide spreading pine, seats himself thereon, ' with something liko a groan of pain. '? I'll stay hero till morning,' he con tinued in tho same muttering tone, as if that kind of Belf colloquy was liabituallo him. ' 'l'hero'a tho dog-star only a yard high. It canit bo far oil' daylight. Ah ! it'a a good thing for a man who hasn't tlio time of day in his fob to know some thing of the stars. IIow many long hours of tho night, which if thoy could bo totted up would go into years, havo I watohed thoni from between the bars of my cell at Pentridgo Thoy have seemod to mo just liko a man'B lifo — rising— soaring — falling — thon gono from sight alto gether.' His reflections seent to bring another train of thought. 11 1 had hopod that the terrible pioture of my old lifo had gone for over from my memory,' ho says, proaently. 'Tho face of this mnn brings back the ugly dream in all its stern reality. Why should I think of my sufferings in that dre.. 'nl, earthly hell — Pentridgo ? Why I That man brought memories that formed tho connecting link. Humph! Jocelyn Yanborough, if that was not your voice, it was that of your ghost. Lot 1110 think.' And ho lay hack at full length 011 tho fragrant ferns, with his hands claspad firmly round his head. In litful gusts tho oarly morning breeze brought tho strains of tho far-ofl' muBic to his oars, intermingled betimes with a faint peal of morry laughter. Whatovor might bo tho subject of his thoughts it took him along timo to think tho matter out. The stars had begun to palo, giving plaoe to tho purple blush of dawn ere ho movod ; when ho rose, how over, there was a settled, fixed purpose in his eyes, and in every lino ol his rugged faoe. ' I'll do it. . Yes, by the living Lord, I will,' ho cried, as he bent hia steps to wards Glencourt.' CHAPTER X. SEUOEAKT OUNN. Nestling uni'd some of tho most bold and romantic hills to be found in the whole of New Zealand, Glencourt stood pre-eminent among tho few placeB in tho province of WeBtland as the Beat bf Major General Ashford. The drives around tho estate are charm ming and matchless in their beauty. From the broad terrace on tho south side of tho building the landscapo had a gradual fall, revealing glimpses of ox quisito patches of rook, rivor, and forest, and beyond theso tho waters of tho South Pacific Ooean. Tho house and grounds havo ooBt their owner largo sums of money, but General Ashford is wealthy. For the most part tho old offioer ia of a retiring disposition. His onlv daughter, Hilda, does tiio honors of Glenoourt oc casionally, tyid doos it with a skill bo fitting ono of the old Northumberland Ashford breed. Tho morning is gloriously fine, aud eB pooially bo around Glencourt, the tatter demalion thinks, us lie wends his way to wards the lodge. In tho broad glare of day ho looks the most wrotched hang-dog thiof that over loft tho precincts of a prison gate. Tho burly, well-fed lodgokooper, stand ing at his gate, notos tho raggod tramp's approaoh. ' Now thon, my mau, what is it ?' ho orioB. ' If you've oome for monoy this is tho wrong shop ; but if you wants a feud, woll, I've no objections, prowidin' as you oats your wittlea horo, and doos a job o' work for it aftorwards.' | ' I neither want monoy nor food at your hands,' nnswered tho man, gruffly, at tlio samo time survoying the portly Uunkey with contempt, 'Oh, you don't want money, eh? Pray, what do you want, then 7' oriod tho othor. ' What you don't aoem to possess — | common civility,' answered tho tramp, sharply. 3H 'Ah, indeed. Here's iny Lord Duke, of ljag Lane, going to Icctnro on eti quette,'' cried tho lodgckeopor, in sar castic tones. Thon changing to sudden ?iissiou ho said, hoarsely, ' Curse you .or a battered, nn5ulty, guttor-chiok ; what's your business 1' ' I wish to see Mr J. Vanborough ?' ' Of course you do — or tho man in tho 1110011 — or any other improbablo person ago. Now, who:s Mr J. Vanborough ?' ' A gentlomnn who oamo to tho ball last nigl t in'a drab dog cart — came lato, and by '!io short cut along tho ravino yonder ' Tiie lodgokooper opened hiaBleopy oyeB wide, and looked at tho bundle of raga boforo him moro attentively. 'Mr Jooolyn drives a dog cart, and ia at tlio hall j but I know of no J. Van borough who visits hero,'' said I10. ' I may havo beon mistaken in the name of tho gontlomnn,' roplied tho man. ' Mr Jocelyn arrived by this road about eleven o'clock ?' ' Just about that hour.' ' If, as you say, I10 is at tho hall, bo good enough to convey a moBBage to him from nto.'1 ' What'mesaago ?' ' Tell him the mau who oponod tho gate for him la3t night wiBhosto apeak to liini 011 important business.' Tho keeper of tho lodge, placing his fat thumb to hia rubicand noso with a knowing look, said, — ' No you don't, old man. That game won't wash with Peter Slowcome. I havo no doubt but what you aro ono of a gang of bushrangors come to rob tho placo.' The tramp laughed. ' Every tliiof thinks that his follow is a bigger rogue tlmn himself,' ho said. ' If you won't carry my messngo, I Bhall onsily find other means of communica tion. Good day to you.' ' Stop a minute. What is your name, friond enquired the lodgekeenor, see ing that tho tramp was moving away tho road he had 001110. The other reflectod a moment. ' If you aro inclined to take my mea sago, 110 namo will bo required.' ' Yes, but Mr Jocelyn may havo for gotten all about your service last night.' 'True! If ho baa, I am content to depart without an audience.' ' Vory woll ; stay whoro you are. I'll send and soo if Mr Jocelyn will receive you.' Ho went within tho lodgo, and present ly a youth iu buttons came forth and croaaed the lawn. Within fivo minutes he returned with a requeat that tho tramp be admitted. . ' Good luck, my friend ; you'ro but a poor, seedy devil at beBt,' Bays tho keeper, opening his lodge gate. Tako care Mr Jocelyn doesn't pack you off to gaol for your pains.' Without deigning ft word in reply, but with, a look of withering disdain at tho spenkor, the man of tatters passed through with his limping gait, and fol lowing his conductor, entorod tho grand mansion. Thoro are so ninny grand rooms and corridors and pnssages to bo passed through ore thoy reach the wing in which tho captain is looatod that a chango of conductors is necessary. An old groy headed personage, tall and eroct as a bar of iron, and attired in the undross uni form of a dragoon, cotnos forward to ro Iiovo the pago. 'Who is this man?' ho asks. ' A visitor for Mr Jocelyn, sorgeant,' ntiBwers tho boy. ' Good ! Right-about-face, my lad. Marah 1' oried the sergeant, as if the page had boon a squad 011 parade drill, nnd tlio boy, with a smile, instantly obeyed. The , sergeant watohes him pace the long corridor with even, military step j then turning to tho new-comer, surveys him from head to foot with unmitigated surprise. ' You'vo boon in the wars, comrado,' ho says, holding his head on one sido ond pursing up his mouth. 'Wars 1' echoed tho tramp, looking hurd in turn at tho man before him, ' Why, yoB ; I reckon I'vo Beon service, Sorgoant Gunn.' At the sound of his namo tho old fel low drow himself up as stiff as a ramrod. ' What, you know mo ?' ho cried. ' I do, cortainly,' answers the tramp. 'Tom Gunn, otherwise tho slasher, as his comrades termed him, served twelvo years in tho 7th Dragoon Guards oro ho wus selected ordorly to C0I0110I — now General Ashford.' ' Swords and pistols I Who are you ?' oriod tho votorun when his surprise en abled him to Bpoak. ' Only a poor roprobuto who fought for his country iu tho Crimea and in India in the ranks of tho old 7th — that's all.'. ' Hold up your head, and let mo havo a good look at you,' said tho old dragoon, '1 know every man in tho corps, from Sergeant Major Halsom to Bates, tho trumpeter. ' Can you romember my face.' 'No,' said the old fellow, after a olose aorutiny of the other's features. ' I have no recolleotion of you. Perhapa you joined the regiment after 1 loft it.' 'Not so,' roplied tho tramp, with a poculiar Binilo. 'I was saddle to saddlo with poor Major Denby whon he was cut in two by a round shot at Balaclava; and I romombor whon tho moloe was over binding up a certain corporal's hand wlio had the misfortune to loao part of it, with his two fingers attached. Stretoh forth your hand, sergeant, and lot me look at it.' Tho veteran laughed. 'Hero it is,' quoth lie, 'or at least what tho RuaBimis loft of it. You'ro no fraud, man, if you know tlioBe things. Allen Grange, of D. Troop, was tho man who ripped the sleeve lining out bf liia' coat to bind up my maimed hand.' ' I Din that unfortunato follow.' 'You!' ' I, Sorgeant Gunn.' ' Why, Grango was but a boy at that timo, aud you — you look fifty or more.' ' I have had enough hardship to inako mo look twice fifty,' returned tho tramp. 'Do you recollect the 27th of AuguBt, 1857.' 'That was the day of tho attaokon Dolhi.' ' Correct. On tho oveniug of that day Sorgeant Gunn, with a search party, found ono of his regiment amongst a heap of doad SopoyB. Tho man wa3 blooding to death from a bullet wound, whioh had shattered his knee.' 'Ah, 1 boo you'ro the man,' inter rupted tho sorgeant in 11 moro kindly tono. 'You were lamod for lifo.' ' For life,' echoed tho othor. ' 1 was discharged with a small ponsion and this limp,' aud I10 hobbled threo paces along tho well-carpeted corridor and back again. 'You Btill havo tlio pension to fall baok upon, Grange ?' — To be Continued. MH 7 