CURRENT TOPICS. IN accordance with the decision recently arrived at, the Launceston Relief Commit tee intend to carry out an experiment which it is anticipated will in some measure relieve the depression which is said to be existing amongst the poorer clasnes of the com munity. With that object the secretary, the Rev. J. G. Wright, invites owners of land near Launceston to send in particulars as to any land they might feel desirous of renting to the committee. THE Fire Brigade Board met yesterday at the secretary's office, St. John-street, when there were present - Messrs H: Mdgell (in the chair), F. Ferguson, H. Weedon, R. H. Price, and the secretary (Mr Keith Ritchie). The deputy superin tendent (Mr J. Lyall) was in attendance. The chairman apologised for the absence of Mr S. J. Sutton, M.H.A., and also stated that he had granted Superintendent Ben nell leave of absence on account of urgent private affairs, and that Deputy Superin tendent Lyall was at present acting as superintendent. The superintendent's re port of fir s which had occurred since July 14 was tabled. Mr R. H. Price moved the resolution of which he had given notice at the previous meeting, viz.-" That any fresh appointments to the brigade should be subject to the applicants joining the benefit society connected with the brigade." In the course of his remarks he said he was sorry to find that some of the present members of the brigade had not joined the benefit society, but he hoped they would no longer delay doing so. As re gards the new members of the brigade, it would not infiot any hardship upon them, but would in reality be doing them a kind. ne;s, as it would ensure them a doctor's attendance and a weekly allowance of £1 in case of accident or sickness. He under stood that the men received 9e a month for attendance at drills, and by contribut ing 41 of this amount to the benefit society they would have the benefits connected with it and be 5s to the good. Mr H. Weedon soconded the motion, and agreed that it would be a very good thing for the firemen in case of accident. Mr Ferguson and the chairman spoke in favour of the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Air Weedon made a suggestion to the effect that when the superintendent returned a trial of the new fire- escape should be made. Accounts amounting to X124 4s Sd were passed for payment, and the board rose. By the s. Coogee, which arrived yester day, Mr Jotn Frestrail arrived with the draught stallion Bobstay, by What Care I, out of Jessamine. Bobstay is well known in the Western District of Victoria, and will be offered for sale in Launceston. TiE hslf-yearly meeting of the Loyal Cornwall Lodge was held at the Odd follows' Hall last evening, N. G. Simms presiding, when there was a good atten dance of the brethren, much interest being displayed in the proceedings. After the ordinary routine business had been got through, two new members were initiated. After this the following officers were duly elected for the ensuing term : -P.P.G.M. Doolan, N.G.; Bro. A. P. Mills, V.G.; Bro. James Turner, secretary; P.P.G.M. Curran and P. C. Carter, auditors (re elected). The medical officers, Drs. Parday, Holmes, Octterell, Pike, and Thrower, were also re-elected. During the meeting P. G. Solomon moved the recommendation of the alteration of by-law No. 7 of the district, reducing the initiation fees, which was carried after a long discussion by a large majority. There still being a large amount of business totransac5, and the hour being late, the lodge adjourned till next Monday evening. THE third quarterly inspection by the Commandant or the Launceston Rifles took place at the drill-yards last evening, when there were present- Colonel A. H. Warner (Commandant), Majors Martin and Room, Captains Gould and Kirkland, Lieutenants Burrows and Chapman. There was an exceedingly good mus'er, and the men were put through the manual and firing exercise by Major Room. After this the com pany was exercised in close and extended order by Lieutenants Burrows and Chap man. At the conclusion of the parade the Commandant expressed himself as well pleased with the efficiency of the men in their drill, and complimented them on their neat appearance. Four new members were enrolled, and the men were dismissed at about nine o'clock. Tea following is the syllabus of the lecture on " The silver crisis and bi-metallism" to be given by Mr. A. F. J. Fisher this evening at the Mechanics' Institute:-(1) Appreciation or rise in value of gold ; (2) depreciation of silver; (3) suggestions for larger employment and consequently increased Value of silver; (4) effect of the policy of United States and Indian Governments on this silver industry; (5) wages-carnera and bi-metallism; (13) disadvantages of a contracted currency; (71 principles and past practice of paper money issues; and (8) advantages accru ing to silver currency countries. The lecturer takes up the position that the world's stuck of gold and its future pro duction are insufficient for the demand that will be made upon it, owing to the alterations which close the currencies of the nations to silver. He suggests a plan for the re-employment of silver in the currency, which will at once give an impetus to trade generally, and will save the important industry of silver mining from collapee. Br s. Coogee, which arrived yesterday, Mr Frank Davis imported a good specimen of the cosobbuilder's work in the shape of a comfortable and roomy landau. Ocon pants may secure all the available fresh air and sunshine by using it as an open carrisge, and should they suddenly be caught by a rain storm they can convert it into a close carriage by means of a patent automatic attachment in the inside. The steps by the action of the door let down and close up, thus preserving cleauli ness of ingress and egress in bad weather. A very powerful brake is also attached, by which means the driver can exercise com plete control over, the carriage. The trimmings are of the very best Morocco leather and silk lace, fitted up with con- venient pockets. The proprietor has in- curred large expense in importing the vehicle. THE report of the Government Statis- tician on the vital and meteorological statistics of the registration districts of Hobart and Launceston shows that during the mouth of August 169 births-93 males and 76 females-were registered. This shows an increase of 21 births as compared with the corresponding month last year and an increase of 13 20 as compared with, the average of the births registered in June during the last five yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the two districts the proportions of bir'he registered were as follow: -For Hober', 3.06 ; for Launceston, 2 82; all, 2 97. The deaths registered in August in Hobart and Launceston numbered 105-57 male: and 48 females; 33 deaths, or 31.43 per cent. of the whole, took place in public institutions. The total number of deaths registered in the two districts during August, 1893, shows an increase of six as co.iparer' with to corres- spending merth letl year, and shows an increase of 11.80 as compared with the average number of deaths registered in August during the last five-yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the respective divisions the proportions of deaths registered were as follow :-Hobart, 1-79; Launceston, 1 93; all, 1 81.. The deaths under five years of age numbered 25, or 23.81 per cent, of which 20 were under one year of age; the deaths between five and 65 years of age numbered 41, or 39 05 per cent., and the deaths 65 years and upwards numbered 89, or 87.14 per cent. The returns from the country districts were as follow :— North-eastern, births 72, deaths 18; north- western, 105-17; midland, 58-16; south- eastern, 4h-20, south-western, 7 - 2; all country districts, 286-73. The total re- turns from all country districts for August, 1892, were 258 -.70; and for August, 1891, 315-82. IN the St.Francis Xavier's Seminary, Mar- garet-street, this evening a special statu- tory meeting of the members of the St. Francis Xavier's branch of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society will be held to consider the question of the amalgamation of the St. Patrick's Benefit Society with the branch. The ordinary fortnightly meeting will also be held, when some important business in connection with the society will be dealt with. Tars afternoon another special meeting of the Chamber of Commerce will be held in the Public Buildings. The sub-com- mittee appointed to consider portions of the Income Tax Bill, exclusive of the clauses dealing with the tax on bonuses paid by life assurance companies, will bring up their report for consideration. As the subject is an important one it is antici- pated that the attendance at the meeting this afternoon will again be large. TArruec advantage of the wave of popu- larity which has come over the community in favour of tableaux vivants the Christ Church Institute organised an entertain ment of that description to assist in clear ing off their debt, and it was brought to a successful isoue in the Mbchanics' Institute last night. The tableaux were ten in number, and were represented principally by young ladies and gentlemen connected with the institute under the direction of Mr Lawrence Campbell. They consisted of "The reign of roses," "'The deserter," "The Fates," "Au interrupted duel," "Pygmalion and Galatea," " The dancing lesson," " Home or altar," " Three little maids," "United service," and I "The last rally." The dressing of the various characters was tasteful and exact to the veriest detail, and the posing was excellent, the general effect being greatly enhanced by the judicious use of the limelight, which was manipulated by Mr J. Carter. The tableaux were inter- spersed with musical and elocutionary selections. Miss Frost played the piano- forte solo " Galop de Concert." The vocalists were Mrs Borclay, Mr R. Hal- comb, and Mr C. Beautoy. Mr H. Scott gave a recitation and Mr A. Joscelyn a violin solo. A novelty was introduced in the shape of a si.Oleuse solo, Miss Alice Anvergue whistling the well-known air of " Alice, where art thou?" to the evident enjoyment of the audience. Taken all through the entertainment was very enjoy able, and as the hall was filled, the object for which it was given must have benefited very materially. Taeos evening the Launceston Dramatic Club will make its re- appearance at the Academy of Music, and as the members have already given proof of their ability to entertain, the audience which will face them to- night should be of large propor- tions. The club will stage Palmer's well known drama "Insured at Lloyds," and the production is to be cue of the best efforts of the members. A special feature is to be introduced in the way of a topical song, the words heing from the pen of " Arimue," and the music specially written for the club by Mr G. Harrison. In our report of the meeting held at Longford on the Centralisation of Police Bill, Councillor Gould was credited with the statement that for some time all the world over the tendency was towards central- isation. It should have read " towards more local government." THE V.D L. Bank Lottery Bill has been passed by our Legislature. There was little hope from the beginning (says the Deep Star) that it could be thrown out, for its promoters knew the minds of the mem- bers of Parliament before they brought it forward. Besides, there was too much monetary interest on one side for principle to have any weight on the other. It was gratifying, however, that the various churches were so united in raising a pro- test against this unrighteous legislation. The Roman Catholice, of course, were quite consistent in advocating the measure. But it would have been to their shame if Protestant churches had remained silent. Gambling has been the curse of this country : it was through its spirit entering into business that such ruin has been brought about. Could we stand quietly by and see the same means resorted to to put things right again ? ON to-morrow evening a concert will be given in the Mechanics' Institute by a large choir in aid of the funds of the REelief Committee. The music which will be rendered has been composed by Mr E. Daniels, and has already been favourably commented upon. The children who will comprise the choir have been specially' trained for the occasion, and are stated to be in excellent form for the rendition of the music. Several popular solos which have been set to new music will be sung, and as the whole is the effort of local talent .the effort should be well supported. Ore October 6 the half-yearly dividend of £1 l0s per share declared by the court of directors of the Bank of Australasia will be payable. The dividend is at the rate of 71 per aent. per annum, The colonial register will be. closed from the 22nd inst, until after thbe d'te of paymimnt of dividend, THE Curlew Club held their second con cert in the Victoria Hall on Friday oven ing (writes our Beaconsfield correspondent) to a moderate house, and an excellent pro gramme, consisting of songs, sketches, farces, etc., was given. The orchestra led off with an overture, and was followed by "I've just come from the inquest," W. Batiste; " Cows in the clover," H. Rigby; song, Claude Hobby; "The young bri gade," M. Hollow; comic song, A. Hart; and the first part concluded with the laughable sketch, " Is marriage a failure ?' The second part included overture by the company and orchestra; "Comicalities," IV. Batiste; " Save my mother's picture I from sale," M. Hollow ; sketch, "The 1 wandering minstrels," Mesirs H. Rigby, A. t Hai t, and a "ghost"; song, ." Since Kate learned how to play," H. Bobby; " Lar board watch," Messrs Rigby Bros.; durt, "Well, you ought to know," Messrs Hobby Bros.; and the very amusing fare?, " The 1 restaurant." The performance throughout I was highly entertaining, and all did their utmost to promote the evening's amuse ment; and that their efforts were appreci ated was evidenced by the generous ap plause showered upon the members of the club. The improvement shown since their instial performance speaks well f-r their ability. The attendauco was but moderate,owing to acircumetance which was detrimental to the popularity of the con- f cert, viz., that the public were cognisant ; of another concert which was to be held next Friday evening in the same hall, and which is likely to be well attended, because the proceeds are to go toward the benefit of a deserving charitable object. A MIrsITARn ball took place at Mr Foster's rooms (writes our Avoca corres pondent) on Friday last, and was an un qualified success. The room was appro priately decorated: on one side was a larfe d circle of bayonets, and crossed rifles at the other, and at the end in gold letters "Avoca Rifle Club," fldgs and ferns filling up the spaces. Thirty-two couples were present, and the music, which was all that could be desired, was kindly provided by the Misses Raskes (piano), who were relieved during the evening by Messrs Clay (violin), A. Barnes (accordion), and Mr Brannagan (cornet). Mr btepnell proved an efficient M.C., and was ably assisted during the evening by Messrs M'Ewan and G. Kringle. A very tempting supper was laid cut on the stage. The committee, coosisting of Sergeant A. Barnes, Corporal H. S'anley, Privates B. Densley and R. Gardiner, deserve great praise for the successful manner in which everything was carried out. IN our special advertisement columns Mr Alfred J. Hall notifies that be has re commenced practice at his old address, 111 St. John-street, with a complete sur gical and mechanical plant for carrying on hie profession. He solicits the continuance of the same liberal support that has been given him during the past 20 years of pro tessional practice. IT is notified by the nasger of the Table Cape Butter and Bacon Factory Limited that Messrs Geo. Peart and Arthur Tippett have been appointed creamery managers. Mr Peart takes charge of the Sisters' Creek,a'nd Mr Tiopett of the Mount ficks creamery. No, the fair sex have never been credited with much business sense, said the paying teller of a leading bank, as he closely scrutinised the che que presented. There are good grounds for this belief, too, as many business men have occasion to know. The other day, for instance, a wealthy lady whose name is familiar to the public, and who keeps a large private account with this bank, had occasion to draw her cheque for two hundred pounds. Her signature,of course, is well known to me and I could hardly be deceived in it. When this particular cheque was presented it struck me instantly that the name was not pro perly signed, and after comparing it with her signature in the book I declined to honour the cheque. On the following day I received a stormy visit from the lady, who, without allowing me an opportunity of making any explanation, proceeded to give me tongue lashing for daring to question her paper. When her auger had somewhat subsided, I said-" Madam, the signature on that cheque did not at all correspond to the one on our books, and as the signature is the only guar.ntee which the bank has that the cheque was properly drawn I refused payment." "Well," said she, after some hesitation, "I was very busy when the cheque was drawn up, and asked my sister Mary to sign it for me. I supposed, of course, that it was all right." A PRACTICE of the Lyric Concert Club will be hbld ta- morrow evoeiag. Members are requested to attend at 745 o'lclok, but those desirous of leaving early to attend to partial engagements will be permitted to do so. Those having copies of the opera of the " Bohemian Girl"are requested to bring them, and those having the "MaIritana' espies are also invited to return them to Mr J. Frost as the trustes of the oesocistion. A ltEETING of the Women's Christian Tempe rance Union will be held at the Y.M.OA. Hall. this afternoon. THE time for entries for the Tiomanian Ageicoltural and Pastoral Aesociat ion's show wiul close with the secretary (Mr W. L. Stokeo) to-day. All entries received after office hours to-doy will ho taken as extra scoek. A eseETINe of the members of the Lyric Concert Company is advertised to take place at Mrs James Aadeeson's reeldoocs, Elizebetla street, at eight o'clock this evening. HOLL~OWAY's OIaecNTMEN AND PILLB.-For tad legs, bed breasts, sEortutis and sorosnlous .sores this is a genuine specific. The grateful and earnest grasitude of thounavds who have experienced its unrivalled power over tLhese complaints, and who have been raised fiom prestrate hslploeenses and a condition loath some to themselves atid others, renders It quite unneecessary to enlarge in this plans upon its -extraordiosry vietnos. The pacts effected \- shield ho hotbed wieh lukewarm water, and wl'on the port s are thereby opened the COnt ment should be well eubbod is, at least twise a day. Illis alwvays advisab etu take Holloway's Pills in these disorders, as this much aesiste the Ointment's action. The Pills cheek the fever, purify the bleod, ard eject all morbid nastier engendered by these diseases. 