Tho finding of tho Full Court in favour oC a grand jury, IQ the facoof rocent devolopmenta in the Cabinet-, will not tond to make the position of Miniuters any brighter on the assembling of Parliament,nor utrungthen their poBition meanwhile. It to be regretted that any such trouble hau arisen, ae what the colony wants at the present juncture, moro than ot any other period of its existence,is a "long pull, a strong pull, and a pull altogether," in place of everyone trying to pull "all.ways." The continuous rains since Saturday last bas culminated in a flood, which promisee to assume alarming proportions. The Moonee Ponds Creek" last evening was withia six inches of tho 1891 record, while the rfccreuion Reserve was converted ipto a lake, tho lips of pickets round J the groijnd being die-1 cernible. The flats at Flemington and I Kensington are also under water, and ' much inconvenience IB caused thereby. ' A good joko is told of a Jittio inciduat which occarred during the present election canipaigD. A. candidate whoao reputation for gush is noted, entered tho offioo of a certain loquacious elector, nnd begin 1 biiflincpe rinht off. "Oh, M p . I've colled in to solicit your vote and inlluoncu, yotir powerful influence." Ah/'aaid the oloctor, "I'm very sorry I can't obligo you, aB I am already pledgod to Mr. , another candidate." u Oh," said tho not to-bo- supprcBBbd, " he hasn't the ghost of a show ; you are only throwing your vote away, aud I am surprised at your practically disfranchising yourflolf/' ''Well, I'vo promiflod, and thorn'K an end of if, ao my vote is fixed." Tabloau : Tho other candidate, whoao feolings may bo better imaginod than described, was also sitting in the office belaud tho door, which folded inward, but was safely guarded by the e!cctor,who was virtually sttnding between two red hot rivals. Noxt Monday will reveal the valuo of the respective opinions. A fly will lay four limog during the summer, about eighty egEB each timo, and curoful calculations have demonstrated that tho descendants of a Binglo iusect may from Juno 1 to tho ond of Ssmtomber oxcccd 2,00.0,000. Were'.it not lot huts, insectcating birda, and tlio innumerable microscopic parasiteB with which tho fly is par-, ticulurlyifllicted,there would bono worse post in tho world than tho fly. Tho Ascot Vale State School has bcou closed owing to tho nrovuiouce of measles. It is stated that uoavly 300 childrou have recently beon absent owing to tho outbreak. The school will ho closed for a week or two, when Iho epidemic will in all probability iuivo run its course. It iu unfortunate that at this juncture thero Fhould ho no hualth officer to tho town, Dr. Fiehbourno's resignation having been ucc.'ptud by the Couucil on Tuesday last. Frutth applications, howevor, haro buen cullod, and tho sooner the' position is filled tlio better for tho residents. In another colpmu will bo found a special advertisement from Mr. W. Trott, who informs one and all that be hns taken tho North Molbourno 'Auction Rooms, Queensborry Streol. Mr. Trott is well and favourably known, and as lid is in touch with tho whole of tlu district, any poroou requiring assistance iu tho. nuctioneeripg line cannot possibly adopt a raoro wiec course than visit his promises at 139 and 141, next to tho town hall. The honour of being on tho grand jury, which is regarded as a very high compliment inEngtand, will no doubt brititj out a host of place-hunters for th'i.position. Tho maximum number ia twenty three, with a minimum of twelve good and true porsons. who after the consideration of the evidence already given will endorse it with either a " true bill" or " no bill." The comuiitteo of the North Melbouruo Union Memorial Philharmonic Society met last woek, and drew up a codo of rules for tho guidance of tho society, Mr Jas. Hamilton, the secretary, is displaying much interest to make the society a success, and apparently ho has aroiiBod nn enthusiasm that will only be satisfied by the production of new cantataB, &c.;, by tho meinbora, under tho coniactorship of Mr. P. C. Alexander. It has beon decided to form a literary and. debating society at E^acodon, and Messrs. Fraser, Sc irleU, Crockoll, and Robertson have been appointed a provisional committee to drav up rules, &c.;, and prepare a syllabus of essays aod debates for tho remaiuder of the yoar. Numerous promises of support have been received. Tho work of forming the centre of tho Flominston Road has been comm need, and tho contractor is making vory good progress with his wflrk. That portion of the road between Villiors and Hurcourt Streets has been kcrbed, and looks vory queer in its present exalted stato. When the sides of tho road are finished, howover, this thoroughfare will bo a considerable improvement on the present desert of dust which has existed thero so long It ia only due to Cr. Birwiao to say that it ' is solely owing to his persistant efforts that this work has at last been taken in hand, and when tho work has been completod ho will havo the satisfaction of pointing to ono of tho finest thoroughfares io the town, and saying that ho waB tbo man who was instrumental in haviug it brought to itn present creditable state. The presentation of trophies which was to havo taken place on the Moonee Ponds bowliug green last Siturday, was, owing to tho very unpropitious weather, poatponed til) next Saturday, when it is to be hoped the elomonts will be moro favoarable. A friendly game of bowls will alsp bo played between tho Moonee Ponda and Flaming ton clubs. In our last issue wo drew attention to tho fact that several teamsters trading betweon Molbourno and tho Bondigo and Balhirat goldlielda aro doing a thriving trade, boing ablo to currv goods at a greatly reduced rate, as compared with tho railways. Since last weok, however, circumstances ovor which the teamster haB no control, but that will occasion a stoppage, havo occurred. Tho rccent rains have, wherever the road is soft and spongy, made it nearly au impossibility io make progress with heavy loads without .extra haulage power and ae this means additional expafi«c au inorcase on tho froights from 30*. to £2 IB requirod. Added to thi u , the Koilor Shire Council on tho Buodigo route find that tho bridges are being considerably shaken, and have accordingly issued a by-iaw imposing conditions that praoticiliy amount to s prohibition against the drawing of traction ongines in thu shire. At all events, what promised to find occupations for several of tho unemployed ban boon suddenly uippod iu tho bud, but it is to bo hoped that ere loug any difficulty that may have suddenly arisen will bo aB speedily dispelled. Tho Ormond Cricket Club Social will be hold at an early date in August. Mr. H. llandall, Electoral Resist mr, roports issuing 75 electors' rights for the Flomington Road division aud uinoforthe Royal Park division. DANCING.—Messrs. and Miss Roberts, the well-known teachers of dancing, Inti matu thoy give instructions daily in Fashionable Dan cob, including the Modern Waltz, first introdo.cod by them into the colony, and which is still tho chiof feature of ball-room progr«mmes. Classes aro held every, day nnd evening. Private 1*56bs nunmn-Hviit. 105 Collins St. 