I THE WIDE WORLD. The tallest building in Stockholm is tho huge iron lattice-work tower of the oental telephone depot. Myriads of wires rnn from it, darkening the air. Everyone in 8wedea ■ nees the telephone, and uses it, moreover, very much.' In tho boarding houees of tha Swedish capital the most significant feat or* in the rontine is its never-ending teiephonio babble. 'When a correspondent of the^'Com hill,” who was staying at one of them establishments, awobeln the morning it waa to hear the jingle of the bells in the corridor outside his room and ths iterationof the ward “hvsd” (what'!) One'morning be asked the landlord, who was at the machine, what it . alt meant. His wife, he replied, war buying some stores, and was telling him ahoat them and their prices, and he, on his past, waa .shooting back to tell her in whioh particulars the pnoes seemed reasonable and in which unreasonable. Another day the writer’s landlord went for a sledge drive into the country. When he had been gone two hours the telephone began to he annoying, and his wife stayed at it a' long time orying “Oh!” and “Ah!” and “yea’r and “no." “It ia monsieur," explained ob young lady who hap pened to be- steading by. “ Ho is-resting 'for dinnerat-,andis> informing madams about the incidents of hio excursion and the details of the meal that is being prepared for him," Not even a-Westminster oleotion, memor able as the eleotions for that city have been, is better remembered than that of 1784, in whioh- Fox, The Man of the People, was opposed by Sir Cecil Wray. “ There were 20,000' votes, according to the authors of Queens of Society, to be polled, and the opposing parties resort d to any means of intimidation or violence or per suasion which political enthusiasm could suggest. On the eighth day the poll was against the popular member, and he called upon his friends to make a great effort on his behalf: It was then that the ‘ladies’ canvass' began. Lady Duneannon, ths Dnohess of- Devonshire* Mrs Crewe and Mrs Damer dressed themselves in blue and buff—the oolors of the American Indepen dents, whioh Fox had' adopted and wore in. the house of Commons—and set out to visit the purlieus of Wostminster. Here in their enthusiasm they shook the dirty hands of honest workmen, expressed' the greateet in terest in their wives and families, and even, as in the case of Duohesa of De vonshire, snbmltted their fair cheeks to he kissed by the possessors- of votes. At the butcher's shop tha owner, in his apron and Bleevos, stoutly refused his vote except on one condition—‘ Would her Grooe give him a kiss?’ The request was granted, and the vote thus purchased went' to swell the majority which finally secured the return of ‘The Man of the People.’ ’’ The last number of the “ VladivoBtock,” « newspaper published in Eastern Siberia, reveals a' terrible state- of affairs among the convicts on the island of Saghalion. It would appear that the conviots there havo been treated by some of the subordinate prison, authorities so harshly that the Governor of ths island has been obliged to interiors for their- protection. A- warder named Khanofl ..and some ofv his assist ants, who at one time - were conviots themselves and had been raised to tha rank , of gaolers, have been removed from their poets. Khanofffa treatment of his prisoners wassa abominable that a number' of-them, crippled themselves of set purpose, oatting off fingers and toes in order to bo treated as invalids, and to ‘ bo freed from, his terrible cruelties. Others fled to-the im penetrable forests, where- they etillered all tha horrors of hunger. In a satohol belonging to a fugitive convict, who had been hunted down, was found oomo piooea of human flesh. Investigation revealed that this man had been one of a party of four, and that only one of them now remained. The others had been killed and-devored by their comrades. Similar oases of cannibalism, aro, according to tho Siberian- journal, not nfrequent. A writer in an English paper gives an amusing, but, I fear, unveraeious account of a performance of “Hamlet," whioh took, place in Melbourne as far baok as 1S52. Tho moody Dane, according to - this piece of stage romanoe, was nnderatanded not of the pioneers of the early fiftios. “Tho audience treated tho whole scene with good humored fan; One was so impreBBed'by tho king that he handed the stage monarah a bottle of brandy by tho- thong of s stock whip from the gallery: The third aot was transformed into a most amusing colloquy between the gravo digger and the gold diggers from- Eaglehawk, made up of natural enquiries about tho dopth of sinking and the return per tnb, which so tickled Hamlet that he gave up the soliloquy and joined in the joking. Ultimately, Hamlet, Ophelia and the Ghost, in undress, were obliged to appear before the footlights to boar a pelting shower of nnggets as a substitute for bouquets.’’ This is, undoubtedly, very amusing, but scarcely credible, £ suspect the explanation is that tho perform ance was eo infernally bad that the people threw pieces-of quartz at the actors, who thereupon went away to the nearest publio house, and boasted that they bad had nuggets thrown to them. Those old diggers were not tho men to lavish a “ polting shower of nnggets’’ upon manglors of Shakespeare. Hag Ahmet-ol-Assal, a pilgrim - lately re turned from the Mecca pilgrimage, has been narrating tho- terrible experiences of hia party to the editor of a native Egyptian paper oalled the “ Mokattam. The pilgrim, whoso respectability is vonohod for, we aro told, by an Egyptian Sheik who is greatly respeoted in. Cairo, deolarcs that on returning from Mecoa tho “Rafilat "’or detachment of tho caravan to whioh he belonged, and whioh was com posed of about 700 oamels, loft-Bir-Said at daybroak and halted at sunset at tho foot of a mountain, on the road., to Sambo. A few minutes after arriv ing there, tho Rafilat, oompoecd of men, women, and childron, found themselves sur rounded by Bedouins of tbo desert, who at tacked them with tho utmost savagery, sluy ing and maiming the men of the party. The hot, dry sand was wet with blood.' Some of the women, after being rebbod of ■ their olothos and valuables, wore left to their fate ; the younger and hotter looking ones wero carried off as slaves. With, great difficulty the. narrator of., these facts escaped with his life. The poor, pil grims so cruelly outraged had actually paid six piastres each and twenty piastres each for their oamels to the Governor of Medina, to Beouro his protection against tha Iledouilm. The conclusion drawn "by tho. Egyptian>paper ia-that the Ottoman Govern ment is not really master of Arabia,. but that it leaves tho Sheiks ubiolntety free to rob and plunder, provided they profess a nomirudL allegiance. 