BOOK II.—PREPARING FOR HIS WORK. CHAPTER JFIIL 1 FAB FBOtf THE KADDOTG CBOWD.s Dtit lovely bower* of imnocenoe and ease, Beat* of my Tooth, when every sport oonld please I Bow often have I loitered o'er thy green, Where bomble happiness endear.d each sens f Bowonnluit I passed on every charm— The sheltered cot, the cultivated (arm, . The neverlalling brook, the boaj mill, The decent Kharob that topped th e neighbour!* hlU: The harrthorn bush, with seats beneath the shade, tot talking age and vrhlap'rlBg lovers made. OliVer Goldsmith. The next day Andrew, found his way to Mr. Adolphna Vellum. "I am oome to tell you that I shall not be | able to write any more for you, "he said, " Why, what's the row now?" asked Mr. Vellom. . " There is no row," replied Andrew. " I hare ] simply oome to tell yon I most oeaae to be one of your contributors." Mr. Vellum tnrned bis chair around. " I know what it is," he said. " You think you are underpaid s so you are. I was saying to myself last night, says I, 'Young Fair fax's ability haa not been recognised. Four penoe a page is not enough for hum. Ill put on another penny." Andrew could soaroely keep from laughing. "I believe in paying men,"continued Mr. Vellum; ,-and although a penny a page*11 make a difference to the profits.Pll do it. I want to reoognise your ability, Fairfax. A penny a page '11 mean eighteenpenae a day to you, nine shillings a week, or, if you work on Sundays, ' ten and sixpence." "I assure you that has no weight with me whatever," said Andrew. My mind is": ■ 'Oome, now; 111 put on another ha'p'n^. 1 I've never done it before for so yonng a hand but you've^got promise, and I want to bring you out. There's no reason but what — if you'll stick tome, of course—you may become as popular as even the author of 'The Battle j with a Ghost.1 Of course you const not expect it all at once, but ltll oome. I'll be the making of yon, I will, and"—here Mr. Vellum became confidential—" I'm thinking of starting. I a new firm of publishers, and yon might—I don't say you will, because such a thing only ! happens tu the few—but I might make you an editor in time, and then yonll have an office of your own, like me," and he swelled with the dignity of his offioe and the greatness of his offer.. "No," said Andrew; "my mind is made up." "Then you've been bought up,"oried Mr. Vellum. "I've brought you out, and now the editor of a tuppeny or threppeny whooan afford it have seen your stuff, and have bought you over. It'a a mean, dirty shame. Where would you have bin but for me? Whoknow'd you? NobodybutPinns. And now you aregettin'use ful you throw up the sponge and coolly walk away. It'a a hard blow. I'veagoodmindneverto I bring another man out. It gives no encourage ment to a man of letters like me to enoourage j such tyros as you. dome, now; what do you want? How much do you want me to give?" "Yon quite mistake me," aaid Andrew; "I am not going to write for another editor, at any rate for a long time. I'm leaving London." " Lesvin' London !" Mr. Vellum generally got wrong in hi* pronunciation when he became exoited. " Leavin1 London 1 Why, yju must bemad ! Just ae your oaretr was openin' up. Just when I oould do something for yon. Why, man, in time you oould make as muoh as three pound ten a week, and be i widely known aa Dead wood Dick." " Nevertheless, I em going to leave | London." " Where are going?" " Into the country." " But not for long?" " For a year at least." Mr. Vellnm looked at him steadily, though he doubted his senses. " Leave London, when he's got Bnch obaneea!" he said slowly. "Give np a reputa tion whioh he might make almost equal to my own; give op the idea of being admitted into the ' Daring Dick CHxxb*—weu, I'm bio wed! It's enough to make a man forget his grand mother and Mr. Vellum looked out of the hole in the box aa though he at last had seen a miracle. Andrew found his way book to the den in ! whioh he bad lived for several months, bat I which he was now abont to vacate. He had | said "good-by" to Mr. Pinne, and beyond him there was no one who eared what became of him—at least, so he believed. " Bless yer," said the landlady, to whom be said good-by, "I shall soon see yer book again. A young gent like you can't live in the | conn try. What you want is a mother, sir, and that you'll never git in 'the country. Yonll soon feel the want o' me, sir. When | you are tired ov' a night yonll say, ' I wish Mrs. Liggins was 'ere,1 that you will. And, sir, I shall surely miss you, that I shall." There was no doubt that Mrs. Liggins | would miBs Andrew in more ways than one. Indeed, there were many ways in whioh she interested herself in him. Andrew seldom had tea but once a day, but Mrs. Liggins always assured him that he used more than half a pound a week. Then she assured him that be at five pounds ot bacon every week, although he [ only had two small slices each morning. Be sides this, Mrs. Liggins had a remarkable thief of a oat. Sometimes Andrew would treat | himself to a pork pie, or some such luxury, eating only a part of it at one meal, however, i leaving the remainder for another time. But whenever be enquired after it he wob assured that the eat had taken it, together with some wonderfully valuable artiole belonging to Sirs. Liggins. It was a remarkable oat. Half a ohioken was nothing to him; and what was more wonderful still, be was as lean as a oat oould be. An ordinary observer would have said that the cat was starved, but Mrs. Liggins would tike a solemn oath before Mr. Fairfax and a whole Bench of | Magistrates that "Shah eat more'n a Sn. Barnum's dog a terrible deal, and was enough to drag a poor woman to the grave." So, of course, Andrew cohld only believe and wonder. He oould not help giving Mrs. Liggins a sly hint, however, by way of a rejoinder, that be hoped Shah would not feel his absence as much as Mrs. LigginB did. By midday he had found his way to the sta tion, and was soon rushing through beautiful country fields and woods towards the scene of his birthplace, with a feeling of wonder in his heart. What should he do? What were thefirsb steps that he must take? He was entering upon a life of wbioh he absolutely knew nothing, and he must be careful. At best the idea of his taking this step would be called Quixotio by all well- balanced minds. But he did not care for that. Strange at the pro ceeding was, he knew he was doing right. It was tree he oould not sketoh out any plan of action, but he had no doubt he would manage somehow. He had, on the reoommend ation of . Mr. Pinna, got a rough suit of clothes — quite unlike what farm labourers usually wear, it is tree, bnt nevertheless suitable for the life he sought to lead. A part of his old attire he bod left in Mr. Pinna's care, while he had brought just enough to remind him of the days when the world was different. Morgan Gross, be found, was a little road side station. ~ It bad been oalled Morgan Gross owing to the foot that close by were four orossways, while on the hedge near by was an anoisnt cross, supposed to be pit there In a; far-off age, when a oanvent, by the name of Morgan Convent, flourished in that part of the country. Andrew was the only paaaenger who alighted there, and be could not help being oppressed by the wondrous stillness that reigned. The silence wis so great that it seemed to make a noise, and aa after the train had Bwept out of sight the porter oame to take hie ticket • sort of awe crept over him, for he felt he wee entering, to him, an unknown world. . "This ie Morgan Grass!" he arid to the porter. The porter nodded hie head. - " There is no inn of: an; kind here I" "Youmain publio-ooeef No." " Which is the nearest!" " There's wawn, the On and Waggon, 'bout a mile on. Then there'e taro in St. Naotu" "St. Neot yon mean!" " That'e wot I zed." " How far ia it!" " 'Bout vower mile — p'raps ha'af a mile mooer." "There's nooonveyanoehere!" "No. Verrell'a van do call wance a week, goin' ta St. Lerriok, that's oal." " I want to go to St. Neot to-night. How am I to get my bag there ¥1 "Gis'n there! why, oar' un yuzelf. Aw! aw 1 aw." Andrew found he had been making a mis take. If he would get on, he must conform to the custom of the people. " link 'era" said the porter. 'Era's a bit *o rope. Ther now, nee that! Tak' honld o* that end an' leek un ovrer yer shoulder. Ther* now, yon oan car'n to St. Naot now like winkin'. Gor, your 'ands be fine! Yon never done uruoh work I know. Yon ca'antt miss the way. There's telegraph poasta all the way to Bt Naot. Good night." Andrew's first impulse was to pat his hands in his pooket to find some ooppers, but he re floated that suoh a proceeding would pot do. Aooordingly he trudged along the quiet lane carrying his bag on hie baok. Only two or three passed him on the way, and they took but little notioe of him. It was not nhoommon for young fellows to be seeking; service, most of whom carried their scanty luggage with them. Before he had gone halfway to St. Neot, night was npon him, bat it was by no means dark. There was a strange oharm in every thing, too. The air was Bcented by a thousand flowers that grew on the hedgeside, while ever and anon sounds greeted hie ear that made him think of fairyland. Sometimes a bird twittered in the branohes of the trees, and again a nigbtcrow would tell out its mournful trie, seeming ever to be near him, yet all tbe time far away. Again the wind would play among tbe leafy boughs, while the little river rippled its musia over its etonv bed. " Every prospeot pleases," thought Andrew. "Surely the people who live here will be con tented and happy 1 Still" He heard a sobbing noise, and then a sound of voices. " You'll go 'way, Jack, an' never come 'ome no more," he beard a girl's voioe say. "No, Jaaney, I woank I onnly want to go somewhare where I o'n gib a pound a week. Then we'll git married." "But Bill Teague hev got married on lesa than that. He've only got ten ehillin'." " I knaw that, but tbey'm starvin'. Her zaith to me onnly on Tuesday night, ' If I'd knaw'd' I wudd'n a got married,' her zaith. Why, tbey'm in debt to the Johnny Fortnight now, and what they'll do cum winter they doan knaw." "But, Jack, Ioa'ant heart." "Twan't be long, Jaaney. Ther now, doant cry." " Bnt, but" -Andrew felt that he ought not to hear any more, bo he gave a slight congb, and passed by tbe oouple, who stood by a gateway, evidently belonging to none farmhouse near. The even ing was as beautiful as ever. The birds still gave an oooasional chirp as they nestled on tbe twigs, tbe'mghtcrow still chattered, the wind etiU played with leaf and flower, the air was etill laden with perfume, and yet all was different. The young girl's tears had made everything different. The old Btory of sadness and disappointment robbed, the night of its beauty. Still he tramped on until be saw a grey old tower lift its head into the elcy, and presently two or three tiny lights flickered. This will be St. Neot, I expeot," h6 said; "and here I must manage to etay for the night." Hie heart beat rather quickly, for every thing was strange. He had never been in the country alone before, and now the sense of desolation was heavy upon him. Passing by the ohurobyard gates he caught eight of a group of youthB lolling about, who, when they eaw him, stood and gaped as though he were a curiosity, 1' Who's that!" said one. "Dunnaw,"replied another; "never zeed 'eeavore. Tall chap, edVia.', " I'm goin' to zee wber' a'a goin'," eaid a third, and'theh all the group started to follow Andrew. Evidently a new faoe was a wonder to them, espeoially if he were a little oat of the oommcn. Evidently they had nothing to do and nowhere to go, so they had grouped them selves together in order to find something to interest them. The young man turned around on them. " There's a . public-house here, is there not!" "Ther'a two." " Wbioh is the best?" " Best! Why, there's no diflerenoe in 'em. Lanlord Tommus do kip wan, and Bill Best th' other. There, tha's the Queen's 'Ead." Open-mouthed they followed him until be entered in, then two or three had tbe boIdnesB to follow him. Probably the bold ones had a copper or two, and eo could drink; tbe others having no money would not dare to enter. He found hie way into the taproom, and eaw the landlord. " Can I have a bed here to-night! he said. The landlord looked at him from as if unable to make him out. The rough clothes whioh Andrew wore did not at all aooord with his fine face and generalnppearence. "Who he yonThe said. "I am come here to look for work," replied Andrew, -colouring, "and I want to etay here for the night." " But you ba'ant no farm sarvent, be ee!" " No, but I want to be now." The landlord eyed him from head to foot as though in great doubt. Presently hie faoe bleared, and hie eyes brightened. " Ah, you've been a eodger I speot, and yer time's up." . Andrew did not apeak, but the landlord took hie silence for assent. "Thot so," continued the landlord know ingly, m'though he were proud of his penetra tion. " I cud see you wadh a farm labbufc. Where ded'eo cum from now !" " London." " Wha'a yer name, un !" " Andrew Fairfax." He thought it best to give his real name, beoause thereby he would be able to claim a certain friendliness with tbepeople; especially if people remembered his father. '• Andrew Fairfax ! Be you from this way, than?" " My father was." " Ah 1" -"He used to farm Trevadloek Farm. Did you know him ? ' "Knaw'd un, I shud think I ded. But yonll want to go somewhere, want 'ee? I ardly knaw where .to put 'ee. In-with the farmers in the parlour, or with the men in the kitchen. Yon see, yer father was a farmer, and you bain'b like the rest of the" " 111 go into the kitchen if you don't mind," eaid Andrew. 41 Yon see, I'll have to work among them." Meanwhile, the news that a "Bodger"was pome to stay the night had spread among those in the kitohen. The servant who had come to fetoh beer had heard the landlord's question, and as a consequence they were on the tiptoe of expectation. A place was made for him on the settle when he entered, and he was greeted with becoming reverence. In a purely agricultural district like St. Neot, where there is little or no intercourse ' with the great towns, a soldier is a great curiosity. On ail physical feats he is an oracle, while for knowledge of the world he is better than a newspaper. A eoldiercsn manufacture1 the most unlikely -yams, but the rustics will listen open-mouthed, and the morewonderfnl the stories the better are they pleased. A 1 policeman occupies a very high position in their esteem, and they eye his cudgel with wondrous reverence; hut a soldier, a man who has handled a sword, he is several stages higher than a policeman, especially if he understands the dignity of his position. Whot*H he tore to drink?/ asked one as Andrew took his seat. 1 Betont teetotaller, be ee t" "For the present, yes." "Oa, I thot yon eodgers was beggars to drink. . Where was 'ee last, now?" "London." that's a long way ?" " Yes, it's a good way, but I wanted tooome here to get work, because mjr father used to have a farm not far from here. "Oa." " Yes, the farm was called Trevadlock. My father's name was Andrew Fairfax." " X knawd un," said an old labourer. " He fanned Trevadlook well, he ded. But he died early: poorohap. An' you'm the little boy 'ee Teft'r1 "Yes." "But people -zed how that Squire Bernard ded take Andrew's oheeld, and 'doptedun." "He did put me to sohool." "Oa, I thot so much. And then when you got big enough you went for a sodger?' Andrew did not reply, but asked a question instead. " Who farms Trevadlook Farm now?" "Sim Oundy; but tas purty farmin'ov it." " How far is it from here ?" "Oa, two mile and-a baalf, IspoaBe. Tes the nearest farm to Ash water." "What's ABh water ?" " Atb water 1 Why, that's the name of the mansion, ya knaw. _ Tha's where Mr. Bernard used to oome sometimes. He oaned the estate when yer pore father was livin'." " Ah ! and has he sold it?" "What, ded'na tell 'ee? Why, hesouldit to a ter'ble rich ould chap as oumed from India, or some sich place. This manbo'tthe mansion and oal the land, and oal the farms in wi' it. And dreokly after he bo't it he died, and left it oal to a little maid. That's sev'l year agone now, and do you know ehe've never bin sid down 'ere." " Indeed ! Who liveB at the mansion ?" "Nobody, 'oept the steward, an' there's two or three earvants to kip it clean." " And who manages the estate?" "Oa, til' oull Beans, the steward, da do everything. An' he's a skinflint, I tell 'ee. Allays risin' the rent he es; while as for reapers, .nobody can't git noan 1" I V And what s this young lady'spame?" " Aw, ehe'acalled Miss Lezant, she es." ' " You've never seen her, vou eav ?" " No; nobody ain't a seed her. ] All this time the half-dozen youths and men sitting around had listened ppen-mouthed to , the'conversation. Only one spoke, and he with a look of reverence towards the old labourer who had been talking with Andrew eaid that "Th'oull Tommy wud be a match fur'n if he tour a sodger." Not long after Andrew went to bed. He remembered that he had made up his mind to be np betimes in the morning, when he must try and get work if possible at Trevadlook, the old farm where his father worked, and where his own babyhood had been pasBBd. He did not think then of the future that lay before him; he did not dream that country life would be such a revelation. Happily a knowledge of the future is kept from us all. 