Ordinations at St. Mary'« Church, West Maitland. St. Mary's church was, on Sunday last, the soene of an ordination of a specially interesting character. For on that occasion Mr. Clive Tennyson Lionel Tarrington, B.A. of Sydney "University, and son of the honoured and cultured incumbent of tbe parish, was by the Bishop of Newcastle admitted to the holy order of deacons. With him was also ordained deacon Mr. Arthur James Bolfe, B.A. of Melbourne and London Universities. There was a large congregation assembled in sympathy with and as a mark of congratulation to a revered pastor whose son was that day to enter the ministry of which he is himself bo conspicuous an ornament. The Eev. W. C. Thomas, son of the incumbent of Scone, who was ordained deacon the Sunday before in his fath er's church at Seone, read the Epistle, Acts vi, 2., and in the communion service the Eev Clive Tarrington read the Gospel for the Day - St. John iii, 1. The candidates were presented by the Ven. Arch- deacon Tyrrell, who delivered the exhortation. He said such au occasion demanded that the candidates for ordination should be exhorted to a faithful dis- charge of duty and also that the laity should be shown what the true position of a clergyman is. He therefore would choose two passages of Suripture as the text for his remarks. In 2 Corinthians v> 20\. would be read " Non then we are ambassadors for Christ," and in the same Epistle, in chapter four and the fifth verse : " For we preach not our selvps, but Christ Jesus the Lord, and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake." Those passages set forth the twofold character of the Christian minister he was an ambassador, and he was a ser- vant, a slave. The candidates that day were called to a new office, to a new work, and to begin a new life. No less momentous than this was the crisis to which these young men had come : they were to undergo a change ; a mission would be issued to them ; they would that day take an irrevocable step. There could be no looking back, no paltering with ordination vows taken before Almighty God. What then should be the keynote of that dis- course ? It was interesting to note how many designations were iu the New Testament assigned to the Christian ministry. Thus the Christian minister was called a steward, who to the Church, figured as a household, dispensed the gifts and the graces promised in the Gospel, gave to the flock of Christ of the good things of God. Then he was a watchman, a sentinel, who as from a high tower feept a faithful guard, and was ever on the alert to warn of danger. Again, he was a pastor, a shepherd, who tenderly nourished the sheep and was specially careful and kindly to the lambs of the flock. There were many other designations which might be dwelt upon, but he wished to fix their minds mpon the two titles mentioned in the text. They were startling in themselves and yet more so in their contrast. Tlie ordained minister was an ambassador of God, a man tndowed with the dignity of a representative of the King of kings. And at the Baree Ciniii he was a servant, a slave-the slave of his congrega- tion, the slave of his people. That was the true ideal of the Christian* minister. So St. Paul described himself-an ambassador for God, an ambassador in bonds, who had enslaved himself unto his people-" Ourselves your slaves for Jesus* sake." Thus was fulfilled tbe saying, "He that exalteth himself shall be abased, but he that humbleth himself shall be exalted." Ambassador and slave ! Most true s'ave when most faithful ambassador and most successful ambassador when most abject slave, beoause then the minister waB most like Him whose representative he was. The ' two-fold character of their new office was that which he wished to impress upsn the candidates : they were ambassadors and at the Birnie time slaves j if they forgot they were ambassadors their work would be feeble, listless, and inefficient ; if they forgot they were slaves, they would be arrogant, harsh, and repulsive, and having no sympathy with their people would be unsuccessful in gaining adherents. What was the conception of an ambassador's office? That he had a commission, that he waa a representative, and that his duty was the exercise of diplomacy. Applying that con- ception to the Christian ministry, the minister must be satisfied that he has a commission. Of course there would be an outward ceremony of issuing such a commission, but that standing alone was of no avail if there was no inward sense of calling. The minister must be able to answer truly the questions put to him in the ordination service : Do yon trust that you are inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon you this office ? Do you think you Are truly.called according to the will of our Lord Jesus Christ, to the ministry of the Church ? These questions must be answered with awe and trem- bling, with much misgiving and distrust of self, but if the ordination yow means to the candidate a spiritual power, they must be truly anbwered. ! Manifestation of the power need not be looked for as on the first Day of Pentecost ; it' may como as the still small veice of God ¡ but somehow the stream of the Holy Spirit's influence will be felt, somehow will come an inward conviction of a calling. In the second place the minister as ambassador wa3 a representative. St. Paul put it " Ab though God did beseech you by us." The ambassador standing face to face with God reflected His effulgence upon the people whom he taught, and they would judge of him and esteem his leeson according to the manner of his life. And thirdly there was diplomacy-in the clergyman's case an exhibition of such a character as shall win men ¡ the living of a life of earnestness, self-forget fulness, singleness of heart. Especially must he avoid that aspect of self-seeking which was visible in self-assertion disguising itself in the garb of zeal, and which of all forms of self-seeking was the most repellant. Simplicity and sympathy were the twin graces which would open the hearts of the people to the message of Christ's gospel. And the word sympathy almost exhausted the second division of the subject. The candidates would presently ba declared ambassadors of God and at the same time bond slaves of men. And wherein did their servitude conBÍBt but in sympathy, active, inexhaustible boundless, Christ-like. They must be ready to weep' to laugh, to live, to die in their people's weeping' laughing, living, dying. Ambassador of God, Slave of men-these were the pillars which flanked the gateway of ministerial efficiency ; these were the two onceptions which made up the true ideal of the ministerial office. He trusted his dear young friends would realize these conceptions in their prayers and in their motives, realise in their lives through- out the long years to come their tremendous re- sponsibilities and their glorious powers. The hymns sung during the Bervice were " Yet servants of God, your Master proclaim ;" " Spirit Divine attend our prayers," and " Come Holy Ghost our souls inspire. An anthem was also sung : " How beautiful upon the mountains." At Holy Communion the number of communicants was 99. In the evening the Bev. Clive Tarrington preached his first sermon in his father's church, takiig for his text St. John iii, 13-"And as Moses lifted up the Berpent in the wilderness : even so must the Son of Man be lifted up." There was a large congregation, including many visitors. 