A Victim. Before the days of railways, there stood, in a remote district of a northern county, a large, rambling, tumble-down building, which was used at the time I speak of as an inn. Why such an out-of-the-way spot had been selected for a home no one ever pretended to guess. When I visited the spot a small village had spiuug up around the old house. The landlord might have starved, however, if be had depended on native custom, for the house had gained an unsavoury reputation, and, in the absence of other tenants, many tongued rumour had peopled it with ghosts. Its reputation had reached me before I visited the place, but as I had always felt an inexpressible longing to sleep in a haunted room, and make the personal acquaintance of some of the dissatisfied denizens of the other shore, I was not sorry to learn that the haunted inn was the only place in the village where I could find a resting place. I was somewhat taken aback, however, when the landlord informed me, in tones of husky English and poor whisky, that every bed and every room in the house was full. After a grave consnltation with the landlady it was concluded that they could make me a shake-down if I did not mind sharing my room with another gentleman, who had already retired. There was nothing for it but to accept the situation, and I did so in good faith. I had only juBt time to bolt the door of the room when the light, the remains of a tallow dip, went out, and it remained for the moon, which shone brightly into the window, to light me to bed, and to reveal the location of the bed on which the stranger slept. I am not naturally nervous, but I confess that I would much rather have known who my room-mate was, and the thought of what he might be kept me awake for some time. To add to my nervousness, the wind had risen, and it whistled through the cracks and around the gables of the old mansion with a weird and mournful cadence that was any- thing but soothing to my tired and already over-wrought nerves. I finally became bo nervouB that I resolved to arise and go below. But as I rose in my bed for that purpose I found myself subjected to a new source of annoyance. The mocking wind, which had appeared to me more than once to syllable j human sounds, came at length upon my ear, distinctly charged with tones which could not be mistaken. It was the hard, suppressed breuthing of a man. Whence it proceeded I knew not; bat that it waa near me I waB certain. A suspicion of robbery-possible assassination-flashed upon me, bat it was instantly discarded as foreign to the people among whom I was travelling. The moonlight now fell upon the curtained bed opposite to me, and I saw the tattered drapery move, as if the frame upon which it was suspended were agitated. At length the curtain parted, and a naked human leg wafl protruded through its fold» ; the foot came with a dumb, deathlike sound to the floor, resting there, it Beemed to me, at least half a minute before the body to which it belonged was disclosed to my view. Slowly, then, a pallid and unearthly-look- ing figure emerged from the couch, and stood with its stark lineaments clearly drawn against the dingy curtains behind it. It appeared to be balancing itself for a moment, and then began to move along from the bed. But there was something horribly unnatural in its motions. Its feet came to the floor with a dull, heavy sound, as if there waB no vitality ia them. Its arms hung apparently paralysed by its sides, and the only nerve set rigidly in the frame appeared about its brow. The eyes were dilated'and fixed, with an ex- pression of ghastly horror, and the petrified lips moved not as the hideous moaning, which came from the bottom of the chest, escaped them. It approached my bed, and mingled horror and curiosity kept me still. It came and stood beside it, and, childlike, I clung to my couch, moving only to the farther Bide. Slowly, and with the same unnatural foot- falls, it pursued me thither, and again I changed my position. It placed itself then at the foot of my bed, and, moved by its piteous groans, I tried to look calmly at it. ¿endeavoured, to rally my thoughts-to reason with myself and even to speculate up n i¡.<\- { nature of the object before me. The spectre, | however, if so it may be called, gave me but little opportunity for reflection. Its (¿hazily limbs were raised anew with the same auto- maton movement, and, placing one of i's feet upon the bottom of my bed, while its glassy eyes were fixed steadfastly upon me, it began slowly stalking towards my pillow. I confess that I was now in an agony of < terror. I sprang from the couch and fled from the apartment. The keen-si^htedne-s of fear enabled me to discover an open closet upon the other side of the hall. Springing into it, I closed the door quickly after m», The perspiration of mortal fear started upon my forehead us I heard the supernatural tread of that strange visitant approaching the spot. It seemed an age before its measured steps brought it to the door. le struck it; the blow was sullen and hollow, a« if dealt by the hand of a corpse. It was like the dull sound of its own feet upon the floor. I know not whether it struck again, for now ita thick breathing became so loud that even the moaning«, which were mingled with the respiration, became inaudible, At last its breathing subsided entirely, becoming at first gradually weaker, and tbeu audible only in harsh, sudden lobs, whose duration I could not estimate, from their mingling with the blast which, swept the hill- sides. What might have been heard after that I know not, for insensibility came to my re- lief. When I came to I knew that the morning had come, and, scarcely knowing whether or not it had been a hideous dream, I arose and opened the door. What words can describe the awful horror of that moment ? Before me stood the spectre, with the full light of day revealing its revolting feature* in all their hideou« deformity. The face was swollen and livid, the tongue protruded from the mouth, aDd its eyes, bursting from their sockets, glared at me and froze the blood in my reins. AU this is impressed upon my mind with a terrible distinctness, although the view I had was instantaneous, for the next instant the apparition, whose arma were extended for- ward, fell upon me and appeared to clasp me in a horrible embrace. I gave a wild shriek and fell, with the ghastly thing upon me. The rest of my story is soon told. The household of the inn heard my cry, rushed into the hall and released me. It was the dead body of a guest of the inn. He was nfflicted with some organic affection of the system, a ed was subject to grievous fits of nightmare, daring which he still preserved sufficient powers of volition to move to the bed of his servant, who, being used to his attacks, would take the necessary means to relieve him. The servant had that night remained out late, and when he re- turned found his way in the dark to the wrong root» and occupied the bed intended for me, while I had stumbled into the room occupied by his master, and got into the servant's bed. The poor man had fallen a victim to his malady and my cowardice. 