FEDERATION AND THE FINANCIAL POSITION. DEBATE IN THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. A sharp debate took place in the Legisla tivo Council yesterday on the question whether, in view of the commercial condition, it is advisable to proceed with the considera tion of federation. Mr. R. Ii. O'CONNOR moved the post ponement till next day of his motion with respect to federation. He explained that he took this course because of tlio Vine Diseases Bill being on the order paper for the evening. Next day he intended to proceed with federation. Mr. HOSKINS asked whether, in view of the early close of the session aud conse quent pressure of business, it would not be advisable to postpone this question as far as the present session wus concerned. Looking at the financial crisis now prevailing, lie suggested that people were not ablo to givo to federation the ealin and impartial con sideration which it required. How could they consider it at a time when the great majority of men did not know whether or not they were ruined? Really the question should be considered not at tho close, but at the beginning of a session, and it was a travesty on legislation to ask the Council to consider it when people's minds were unsettled all over the colonies. He hoped, therefore, that the Government would not ask the llousc to pro ceed with the matter this session. ("Hear, hear." Mr. JACOB agreed with Mr. Hoskins, and twilled tho Government with insincerity with respect to the question, seeing that Mr. O'Connor's motion was tabled as far back as March 15. Referring to Air. Barton's reply to a deputation on the subject, lie said tnat the pressure of " domestic legislation " to which Mr. Barton had referred was of labor legislation — "the trashy legislation" on which sunmuiriimc had been spent. ("Hear, hear.') Mr. PAVIES, sympathising with tho difficulties imposed on the Government by the financial difficulty, should not oppose the course it was intended to pursue, though he thought it advisable to postpone the question for. saw another week. Mr. GUEVILLK did not agree that this question should be postponed because of financial troubles. On the contrary, be was at one with those citizens who believed that, if all tho colonies had had equal power In deal with tlio.se troubles and act simul taneously, the panic would at ouec have been stopped, and a settled condition restored. Mr. DANGAR did not see that there was a ghost of a chance of the proposal receiving, this session that consideration to which it was entitled. Our own internal affairs wore so urgent at the present time that federation, important as it was, sank into comparative insignificance. ("Hear, hear.") And he could not sec how it could help them in these financial difficulties. How could it, for in stance, have prevented the failure of the Melbourne banks? Sir J ULiAN SALOMONS hoped that the House would not be asked to deal with this question next day. In the present state of commercial matters, members were not in a lit condition to consider federation as it deserved. To the principle of federation lie should give his support, and, without suggesting that? it should stand over indefi nitely, he hoped that the Government would postpone it while the present difficulties were pending. He was sure that the Council would not at present express an opinion on it. Mr. TRICKETT thought it was unwise to go into the subject at present — that they should first hear what tho Assembly had to say on it. and deal with it as they would with another will. As it was not proposed to pro ceed in committee this session, lie suggested that Mr. O'Connor should merely propose a bald resolution asserting a belief that federa tion should take place "in the sweet by-and- bye." His opinion was that New "South Wales, though it talked so much of federa tion, had stood in its way, having remained aloof from the Federal Council, which would have boon u good initiatory body. Mr. DAY deprecated the postponement of the question beyond what Mr. O'Connor proposed. Mr. PILCHER said he did not approve of tho Conventions Bill, and consequently could not agree to a formal resolution approving of it. He did not think they were able to pay the cost of an extra expensive Government, looking at tlio prcseul difficulty in maintaining one machine only. "Hear, hear.") In any ease, they could not come too calmly to consideration of the qucsLion. Mr. O'CONNOR said that the country was under an obligation to deal with tho question as early as possible, lie was proceeding to state the intentions of the Government when Sir JULIAN SALOMONS raised a point of order that the hon. member had not the right of reply. Mr. O'CONNOR said that ho had been challenged all round the House to state tho intentions of tho Government. They wero in this position now, that tho other colonies were waiting their action. The PRESIDENT ruled that Mr, O'Connor had not the right of reply. Mr. DANGAR hoped that Mr, O'Connor would be allowed to explain with respect to tho postponement, but not to go into any other matter. iur. uuuAHNUit declined to address tho House under such limitations. Tho postponement of tho motion till next day was agreed to, only Mr. Dangar op posing it. 