THE RIGHT SORT. A Komance in Thirfcv-sevon Chapters. ' By Mrs. Edward Kbhstard. ; CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) Meantime several people flocked round the spot where the disaster had taken place, for bad as human nature is represented there are always a cer- tain number of folks ready if an acci dent occurs, even when hounds are running hard, to give up theirown imme diate enjoyment ancl come to the assistance of their less fortunate fellow . creature. Periiaps the consciousness that one good turn deserves another, and that their own tune may be near at hand,' has something to do with tho truly Samaritan spirit which unques tionably exhibits itself in the hunting Held. A man who will jump on you almost, as soon as look at you will nevertheless often give up a good run in case of an emergency arisiug. Colonel Clinker, aided by several kindly volunteers, now seized Grisette by the head and flank, and with all his force attempted to raise her from the ground. Twice she made a sort of half effort, and twice, her legs seeming to slip from under her, she rolled back on the girl ; but at the third essay, and after a short though desperate scramble, during which Colonel Clin ker held up Grisette's neck with an iron grasp, she managed once more to regain her footing, and stood on all fours, snorting and shaking like an aspen leaf. Kate lay perfectly still, for the two last rolls had crushed her sorely. "Are you torribly hurt?" asked Jack Clinker, fearfully, bending over the prostrate form. "Dearnte.i she is insensible," he added in alarm, when no immediate answer was forthcoin- inR- . , His words and anxious, perturbed face braced Kate to fresh effort. "No, I'm not," she answered bravely, though her lips quivered as she spoke. " At least," correcting herself, for she had never felt as she did how, and was' not very sure what might happen, next, "at least, not quite. I shall be better in a little, I daresay." "Ah! the brute -.rolled right over, you several times. , Hoy/ever, I. Imp0 you will .feel more like, yourself iii a' few minutes. You've liad : an ugly, shaking." - - — " Thanks," shq replied. "You're ail- so kind to me, arid I Hate thyself for making such 'an absurd fuss, but I think I shall do now." She tried to " raise herself upon her elbow, as she spoke, but the movement caused such discomfort she was glad to desist from tho effort. "Give her a drop of brandy,'1 sug gested one. "Undo her habit," said a second. "Loosen her collar," ad- vised-a third. "Cut her stay-lace," hazarded a fourth. "Stand her up," exclaimed a fifth ignorant but well- intentioned onlooker. 'Do nothing of the. sort, gentle men," said Colonel Clinker decidedly. | "Let the lady have plenty of air, and don't all crowd round- her together. She wants to be left quite still for a bit, "and allowed to remain where she is a few minutes until she comes round. In fact," he added, with a keener insight into Kate's probable wishes than was possessed by the rest of the' assembled company, "I really hardly know if it is necessary to detain you any longer. It's a pity for you all to lose your sport, and I will re main with the young lady. I feel sure she would rather you lose no more time." " Oh, yes ! " interrupted Kate, " it makes me quite unhappy that so many people should have their fun spoilt on my account. Please go." Thus admonished, one by one the little crowd dispersed, until Jack Clinker was the sole member of it left. " I wish you'd go toe," said she, directly they found themselves alone, with a remnant of her old pride. " I've been quite bother- enough as it is, and I dare say Stirrup will appear before very long. I don't the least mind being left alone, and I can't bear tho idea of your not seeing the finish of so good a run." " Hounds are miles away by this time,"! ho answered indifferently, " and though I admit it was a good run, it is by no means the first, and, please God, by no means tho last I shall take part in. So don't vex yourself about that. I'm not altogether such a selfish oa\\.. go as to leave a lady all by her- self in circumstances like the present." He hesitated for one moment, and then added, "especially you." She could not have told why, but his answer comforted her. She had begged him to leave her, but at the same time she had not wanted him to go, and now ho disclaimed the intention of quitting her so peremptorily that she desisted from any further persuasion. " You are very good," she said once more, " and I suppose yoa will take your own way, whatever I urge to the contrary." "Way? Why, of course I shall; I'm used to having my own way in everything, as you'll soon find out," he answered cheerily. His admiration for Her cool courage was rising fast. At that moment all thought of 'fox and hounds had vanished from his mind. His next action was to take off his red coat, roll it into a ball, and place it under the girl's head. " There, that's better, is it not?" he said. "Makes a sort of' pillow. I)o you feel cold at all ? I wish to- goodness I had something to .throw over you and keep you warm. After all I was a fool sending those fellows off" in such a hurry, but I began to be afraid they might annoy you. They mean well, but have not a bit of tact." ""I'm very glad you did," she said, with a smile. "Some of their sugges tions were positively alarming. But won't you catch cold without any coat?'' That simple net had touched her woman's Iveart, and predisposed her more in his favor than all that had gone before. It testified to a chival rous and kindly nature. " Not I. Do you think I'm barlev- sugar, to melt in tho sun or rain, as the case may be? But wo must not let you stay here too long, for there is such a thing as rheumatism in this world. Do you think you could get up now if I wore to help you a little? Don't be in a hurry, unless .you feel inclined, only perhaps it may be wise to make an effort," "I'll try," she said, submissively. " I feel much bettor than I did a. little- while ago." "Capital! The quiet has done.you. good after all. I have had' so many falls of one sort and another myself, that I know from experience what a- relief it is, when one is knocked out of time, to be allowed to lie still for a minute or two. Officious friends either can't or won't understand that ttuu U JVU U%J JJClfcWO UUUli cucy have hauled you on to your, horse again. Often and often have I wished them a hundred miles away.'1 "Talking of horses, what has be come of my unfortunate steed ? Has ..she broken her neck or run away ?" "Neither, though the former would but have served her right for her mis demeanors. Slices not very far off or likely to wander in her . present con dition." The Hon. Jack cast ?an indignant glance over his shoulder at the un conscious authoress of Kate's mis fortunes, who, tied to a gatepost side by side with the good old Snowflake, looked exceedingly wretched and for- lorn, bespattered with mud from head to tail, the crutches of her saddle all dented in, and her coat stiffening rapidly from the cold air supervening on lavish perspiration. " The beast !" exclaimed he, eyeing her with marked disfavor. " I should like to shoot her on trie spot." " Don't be so bloodthirsty. What did poor Grisette do to encompass our downfall, for really I hardly know ?" "I will tell you easily enough. She never made the ghost of an effort or rose one single inch, but just galloped straight into the fence, caught tho binder with her chest, and turned a complete somersault into the field. A pretty lady's hunter !" " Now, I won't have you abuse my property. It's not good manners : besides, remember the poor thing was dead beat, and really was not so much to blame after all. Wo seemed to me to have been galloping tremendously fast, and I don't somehow think she's much of a stayer. She did not give mo the impression." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 