UJ A SENSATIONAL STORY OF LOYE AND CRIME. By GORDON STABLES, M.D., B.N., Author of "289 R, the Story of a Double Life," "The Mystery of a Millionaire's Grave," &o.;, &c.; Chapter XXVII.—The On-come of the Awful Storm. Th9 mate's face looked ghastly in the glare of the lamplight, and there was such a depth, such an intensity of terror in the timbre of his voice that a cold shudder ran through every one who lieaid him spsak. Had the man suddenly gone out of his mind to talk of a spirit walking over the water, and on a night guoh as this too? No wonder the ladies turned pale and screamed in the strange way a sleeper screams under the influence of a terrible nightmare. Captain Ben and Frank ro3e at once and rushed on deck. The rest crept together at one end of the saloon to wait and listen. The mate was at the top of the companion to receive his captain. He bad a ship's lantern in his hand and now took his way for ward, the others following mechanically as it were. Past the hatchways, up through which the gleams of light from the engine-room fires rose in red straight rays, cutting and piercing the inky gloom above as if with swords of flame ; past the mainmast, past the foremast, and into outer darkness beyond. The mate held the lantern one moment on high and its yellow rays glimmered on the pale and frightened faces of the men gathered round the bows. Then it went suddenly out, and Frank dow beheld a sight that might well make sailors stand silent and awed under the spell of super stitious dread. Away, far away perhaps on the starboard bow was "the spirit walking over the waters" and coming straight towards the ship. A tall luminous figure as it appeared at that moment, a ghostly apparition that seemed to han j be twixt the horizon and the nearer sea; a figure that moved hither and thither, and backwards and forwards, now larger, now momentarily less, and anon pointing a ghostly arm sky wards. No one spoke a word for a time, perhaps no one could speak—if their feelings were any semblance to those of Frank, they must have felt as if under the spell of some evil dream. The spectre advanced now, rapidly growing larger and larger as it neared the ship, growing apparently more transparent too, till presently it was seen to consist of a pale bluesh shimmer ing light or flame. And the water of the sea directly beneath it was strangely moved, but how or by what it was impossible to say. Nearer aud nearer, larger and larger. And now it was almost on them; almost over the ship. "Great Ged !" the mateexolainedagain, but in a strange and far-away-like voice, " we are all dead men." " The Lord have mercy on us," said someone else. The strange spirit-light was on them now; it was all about and around them, a mist and shroud of outlines, on the sea and on the fearful, ghastly, and bewildered faces of the crouching crew. Frank looked overboard; the water seemed alive with darksome shapes. One, two, three, then a dozen gruesome beasts he could count; he could see the writh ing of their tails, their heads, and their awful eyes. No more mysterious, no more terrible sight than this had ever before perhaps been seen in tropic seas. But out spoke the skipper's voice at last and boldly it raDg all over the ship. "Keep up your courage, boys, it is only St. Elma's fire on a larger scale!" The strange luminous mist was now some distance astern, getting less and less again, till it once more assumed the appearance ascribed to it by the superstitious mate, that of a spirit walking over the sea. The men watched it till it quite disappeared in the far distance. The mate relit his lantern and all crowded round the skipper as if to seek for some ex planation of tiie curious and fearful appari tion. "I have no very lucid explanation to give, boys," h8 said. "We cannot deny we have seen a rare and a fearful sight. Men havs seen the same before," "And lived?" "Yes, boys, and lived to tell of it. But science can give us no clue as to its cause, only that it is connected with phosphorescence and electricity." "But the creatures in the water, sir? Those awful beasts, what were they ?—and what were they doing?" "That," said the skipper, "is the most easily explained part of the whole business. They were either sharks for sea elephants, or may be some of both, though our foolish fears magnified them into huge writhing black snakes. It is well known that the crea tures that dwell in the sea, and the creatures in the universal earth for that matter, are fond of light and that they will come to it from afar, and follow id and go with it wheresoever it goes. That explains that part of the entertainment, for on a night of such intense darkness as tnis St. Elma's hre trailing over the bosom of the black waters would be bound to attract sharks from every quarter of the compass. Good night, men. mate, tell the steward to let the crew have a glass of grog. Show a light here till we get aft." Throb—throb—throO went the pulse of the moving ship; throb—throb. There was the working of the great shaft and the ohurning of the waters under the stern, now giving place to a loose, rattling sound as the vessel plunged momentarily bead first into the trough of a great smooth sea, leaving the screw to revolver in empty air. Throb—throb—throb then ceased and all was still. No longer a hush, but silence deep as death from stem to stem of the nighs-en shrouded ship. Captain Ben had his haud upon the companion- hatchway, but he stopped and stood there motionless, the tall mate held the lantern high aloft, and all eyes were turned aft in the darkness. Ben knew what was coming and so did Erank, and knew, too, whose were the ad vancing footsteps. " We are broke down, sir." "I'm v6ry sorry to hear it, engineer. With out a breath of wind or air, with a storm of some kind brewing, in this terrible darkness, and with shoals not far off perhaps, I don't think our position ia one to be envied. Any chance of your being able to repair her soon?" "Not the ghost of a chance for days or weeks, if ever." "Well, it can't be helped, Mr. Dean. Let the fires out. Mate, see to it that the sails are ready to be hoisted at a moment's notice." " Ay, ay. sir." "And listen,"—Ben talked almo.st in a whisper—"see that the boats are watered, provisioned, and all ready to lower." " Ay, ay, sir." When Frank and Ben went below again they found Cholly himself, seated at the piauo. "Been trying to cheer the ladies up, captain dear," he said, "but whatever have you been all up to? Poor mate ha3 got spirits on the brain, hasn't he? But what have you stopped the ship for, eh ?" At that very moment, and just as Captain Ben was about to reply to Cholly's banter, the skylight and saloon were lit up by a glare of lightning of such brilliancy that the lamps even seemed to burn yellow and dim by com- • parison. Those whose gaze happened to be turned upwards at the time could see every rope and spar on deck stand out as dark and clear as if it had been noontide. The silence that followed the flash was in tense and long. No one moved from the position he or she had occupied when the glare filled the saloon. The peal came at last, beginning with a far-off muttering, drawing nearer and still more near, until it crashed over the ship with a din so deafening, so ap palling, that when it ceased it was difficult indeed to believe that maBts had not been splintered aud yards and rigging hurled down wards on the deck. The storm now broke over the ship in all its lury, flash 011 flash, and peal on peal, the rain •ailing almost with the violence of a waterspout. ; nd breaking as it struck the deck into spray. In the glare of the incessant gleams of light ning the falling rain looked like cords of fire or streams of fire, golden, orimsoa, and blue, while sea and clouds seemed all ablaze. Without one half hour of intermission the storm raged all night long, ceasing only when the sun" rose in the eastern horizon and his blood red beams flashed over the heaving world of waters. And not till then did Frank McNaughton turn in all standing for a few hours' repose Cholly was sound asleep and had been so pro bably for many hours, for a man like this has no more knowledge of danger than a babe in arms. Breakfast wa3 later that morning; Shipper Ben was more silent than usual, but Mrs. Colonel Keigbly was radiant as usual, while Cholly was loud in his own praise. He must be a man in a million, he said, and a man of wondrous nerve, not to say pluck, to sleep all through a storm that every one agreed in say ing was of the most terrific character. Ben was unusually silent because the glass still kept down, and instead of showing the least tendency to rise the. mercury kept hug ging the bottom of the tube. He. oould talk freely to Frank when the others went on deck. Indeed between these two men the most friendly of relations had been established and each respected the opinion of the other. " What do you make of iti, Mi, Subtil ?!. ■ said Bee. "Ib is the sbrange6b thing I ever ' paw. A thunderstorm generally loosens the i wind, but here we have jost passed through ; as terrible an elecbrio disturbance as ever I v remember, and now while the glass keeps .low the weather is as still and sultry as ever." "What I think is this," answered Frank, " we are bound by all the laws of creation to ihave ib before many hours are over." "If it only would come on to blow now or '-■very soon," said Ben, " I'd be pleased. '-Chen . would there be some little chance of having it : over before sundown, for between you and -me and the binnacle, Smith, I don't like our situation nor our surroundings." "Considerably out of our course, aren't we?" "Ay, that we are. There has been a cur rent running like a millstream to the nor'ard ; and west, a current that seems to me inex piicable." "During the short twilight last night, cap tain, did you notice anything unusual?" "Now we're getting at it, said Ben. "Glad •you saw that beautiful but unusual after glow." " And you're opinion?" " I never saw the same before except once, and that was when I was a boy, in these very •seas, bub much nearer to the equator. The : cause, then, Mr. Smith, waB what I feel : bound ib is now—a terrible earthquake and ' volcanic eruption, with perhaps the destruction ; of an island or two far away in the North : Pacitic." "Precisely my own impression,"said Prank. " Well, let us go on deck. If it were nob for the confounded unknown rocks and shoals hereabouts I'd feel easy enough. There isn't a stronger or better clipper- built craft than the ' Mountain Wave sails the seas 'twixb here and L Alaska, though maybe ib does not look well : for a skipper to boast about his own ship." "He is a poor sailor that doesn't," said Prank warmly. "Love for one's ship, sir, is only a species of patriotism after all and quite as much to be admired as a landsman's love for the country that gave him birth." "Bravo ! young man. I guess now I wouldn't ask for a bettes first officer for any ship I com manded than your honest, straightforward self, and, lookhere, if you'll only say you'll sail with me next cruise I'll make an opening for you as . sure as my name's Ben Boniface. Now, what say you ?" He held out his hand as he spoke, and Prank grasped it warmly, while the tears of gratitude sprungto his eyes. "Captain Ben," he said, "there is no man I would sooner sail with than you. But what the future-may hold in store for poor me the God of Heaven ' knows. At present I am under a cloud." "Bother the cloud," cried Ben. "Here, lad, let me prophecy a bit for you. I don't as a rule go in for that kind o' thing, hut there is good in your face, and it is good that has root deep down in your heart, and mark mynvords, • the cloud will pass away." . " Now we'll go on deck." (To be continued.) 