Eyre's Acquittal. By Helen Mathers. Part 1. Chapter 1. The remote village of Lovel was one afternoon electrified by news of the death of its Squire, and the intimation that his body might be expected to arrive before night, under the care of his friend, Lord Lovel. In less than an hour Mr. Eyre's grave was being dug beside that of the woman whose lover and husband he had been, and of whose murder he wee secretly believed to be guilty; though if he had killed her, it had been for love — because, though he could endure to see her die, he could not brook the sight of himself degraded in her eyes, or, as others said, know himself sup- planted in her love by his friend. He had never been accused of the crime, nor even for some time suspected of it, and this was partly due to the fact that at his instigation a woman named Clarke had been tried for the murder, and, by circum- stantial evidence, so nearly convicted, that her acquittal was indignantly declared by the Judge to be a gross misscarriage of justice. But some extraordinary disclosures made by Mr. Eyre in the coarse of the trial had, in the eyes of many of those present, re- versed the position of accuser and accused; while the ruthless lifting by his own hand of the curtain that had screened his inner life appalled the gazers, who in one scath- ing flash of light saw him stripped naked of his worldly robes, and he as the man that God in his own heart had long known him. He stood before them a man who for years had been at the mercy of a secret sin; himself the fatal moving power out of which had sprung three successive tragedies of unspeakable pathos and horror, upon which he gazed impassive and unsubdued — less repentant of his mis- deeds than callously bold in vaunting them — casting aside like a worn- out glove the hononrable life he had worn in those years when be had Built God a church, and laughed His word to scorn, and by his inhumanity rather than his sins, cutting himself off from all sympathy with his kind. As betrayer and deserter of the woman Clarke in her youth, and remorseless bringer to justice of her only friend for the murder of his unacknowledged child (privately exerting his great influence to hang her) — as the man who first robbed his best friend of his sweetheart, and then filched his good name and wore it before the world — as the assassin who attempted Hester Clarke's life because he had an hourly dread lest she should tell Mrs. Eyre the truth — as the accuser of that un- happy woman of his wife's murder — and as magistrate committing her to jail while yet his child's corpse lay warm upon her knee — thus, bit by bit, his character dur- ing the trial painted itself to the shrinking beholders' gaze, till all felt themselves in the presence of a man whose hand would not shrink from any deed to which his iron will impelled him. From that day the secret conviction grow and strengthened that Mr. Eyre had himself been the murderer of the wife he had so passionately loved, the most popular reason assigned being a violent jealousy of Lord Lovel, culminating in a fit of mad- ness, in which he slew her. But those who were beet acquainted with Mr. Eyre's haughty and inflexible char- acter, said that he never needed to know jealousy, and felt none; but that the com- plications of his position with regard to Hester Clarke becoming unbearable — and rather than see his wife endure those miseries that the knowledge of his sin must cost her, he had cut the knot of his difficulties and her life with a single blow, and so secured ignorance to her for ever. Others denied the murder to have been one of either jealousy or pride, declaring it to be one of simple greed, committed for the sake of the magnificent diamonds she had worn that night, and which were found missing when she was discovered stabbed to the heart, but breathing yet, in her chair. Strong suspicion had at the time attached itself to the gardener, who was seized on a ladder, placed against her window, within a few moments of the deed, and whose infatuation for Mr. Eyre's French nurse was said to be powerful enough to precipitate him into crime for her sake. 'Give me diamonds like Madame's, and I will marry you,' she had said to him not half an hour before the murder; and the diamonds had disappeared, and the gardener been caught almost red-handed, yet Mr. Eyre had refused for one moment to believe io the man's guilt, all his ener- gies being bent to the conviction of the woman Clarke; and before setting out on that lengthened journey, that extended to three years, he had the man and maid married in his presence, and left them established in sole charge of the Red Hall, with certain funds to be disposed of according to his directions. And, though keenly watched by the village, the oddly- matched pair had given rise to no suspicion, and gradually people ceased to believe in their guilt. Of Mr. Eyre nothing -was known. He and Lord. Lovel had- gone abroad 'within a few days of eaoh other and were cod jectnred. Jto -tie together, but as both pre *err*d aii unbroken alienee, eending home ? ' neither word ' nor sign of their existence, the fiiitl 4«ntive news that had reached the village - beiiig. contained in thn telegram : |hM 'announced tbe speedrarrival of living .??'..?/and dead. v.'- ^ / 'Audihowwho- gathered ftrand to see the dijjlgin^ pf Mr. Eyre's grave, whispered . . thbt ihe ft&l; secret of Biro. Eyre's death 'never bo known now, einoe the k*y to it *ab for.tfrar ' locked within the cold heart of the man whom she alone had so passionately loved, while all other men and women feared bim. CHAPTER II. \- Beems like yesterday T were digging her grave,' saii tbe sexton, jerking bis head towards the narrow, green mound where Madcap Eyre lay with ber child on her breast, 4 and I'd sooner bs' dog his ths first .... I misdoubt me if the daisies i and crokuees *11 ever apring as free above i bis, as tbey do out o' her pretty head God blesB her !' ? ai oe oaa om a poor man iw wouiu ue at the cross roads with a stake throngh his heart,' said Nancy of the Mill, who stood with arms a-kimbo. ' Lord I to think that she died as happy— like a baby in its mother's arms— 'lis said abe felt so safe-like, she did not even kiss him before i she died . . . and he will never get near I enough for her to kiss him now — God j A'mighty 'od never stand it.' ' I niver tbowt he wonld a died till he had swung somebody or 'nother for her,' said the blacksmith ; 1 to see bis grave a digging, seems like a story broke off shortj liks in its middle— the other world gets the end of it, and neither they nor ns is a bit the wiser.' ' Love begins all things and death ends them,' ssid the gravedigger, sententioosly; * half the era io the world is born of the taste of a cherry lip, and a gentle eye will eink many a soul as has kept the commandments from hiB yontb op — 'twas a most powerfol true love as turned the Sqnire from an honest man, to a black hearted sinner.' 1 He gave his sowl for her,' said a ead faced woman who stood by, 1 and he could not do more for her if it was ever so— he knew that if ever she comed to know abnbt Hester Clarke and the drownded child it would kill her . . . it is said that jnst afore she .died she said it was the happiest moment of her life, and niver knowed ehe had been murdered— ehe went so quick after she had come ont of the chloroform.1 'There is a man for yon I' cried Nancy, lifting op ber bands ; * if so be aB he did stab her through jeslousy, to bide beside her all tbroogb that night, holding the handkercher to her month, and not letting ber come to herself one blessed minnit,and the doctor saying, see he, * if ehe dies, it is murder'— and the Squire looks op and sez, 1 What then V O ! Lord, what a man !' 1 It minds me of Otheller,' said a village pedagoga , whose rosty coat-taiia swept bis heels. ( He killed hit wife for jealousy ; but there* as no knife or chloroform there, only pillows.' ' The maater had no call to be jealons/ said Sally Genge, who had just joined the gronp; 4 she never Iced but bim, end lie knowei it.' 'And what a pair they made,' said tbe gravedigger, resting on his spade, * so lightsome, spirity, and beautiful ! She wonld walk beside her master, bnt dance along side of the other— seems like as if they two onght to be lying here side by side . » . he left his heart with her tbe day we laid the mool above her.' 4 She were well loved,' eaid the sexton's wife softly; 'and for her sake the two men loved one another. It was grand to see them standing shoulder to phoolder at their sizes— it was tbe only speck of vartne in master's character when he op and said it was he, an not the young Lord, as had brought Hester Clarke to shame-— seeming as if did not vally the world's opinion a groat, so long as she never beard the whisper of it.* 1 He was ever of a mnrderisb sort of mind,' said tbe pedagogue, shaking his head—* it was greatly in my mind, when he si t o it so quick after Lord Lovel, that revenge was ot the bottom ; for, though a man may kill hi* wife for love, he mostly kills h r lover for hate.' 4 Veiy bookish talk!' said the sexton, disparagingly; 'some more leavinga of Otheller, I suppose; but them aB sits down to write books is mostly pore crea tures, and natora ly the folks they set stmttin on the page is like theirselves . . . they aint true to hntnan natnre; an if yon ticket a man with a deadly pin, an expect him to act aecordin, ten to one bnt he will boat out with a bit of vartue as will make yon feel as if you had never knowed its right colour beiore . . . au if 'the master slew her as he loved beat of all npon earth, it is ten to one it was for some reason as never entered into your Olhellt-r'a or any of them dnmuiit's head*.' * Dummies !' ejaculated the pedagogue, fnrious at this insnlt to the creatures of hia own discovery-)— ergo his owo ; but a push from one of the crowd nearly pre cipitating him into the open grave com pelled him to take an awkward leap back wards, in the conrse of which hia head met a tombstone that made him think of Othello with disgust for a week. The cause of the catastrophe was Job, who came to the very edge, and looked down with bitter hatred at tbe yawning chasm. 4 Dig it deep,' he aud ; 4 he has been the carte of the place this many a year, and there is no knowing where hi* sins may sprout up again — hot, please God, we have done with bastards and murders now— a bad man,* cried Job, striking bis foot against the crumbling earth; 4 he spoilt my little Maater Frank's lif.*, and made him carry on his shoulders a sin that was not, his own, and speaks up th» truth too' late, tor ehe ne»er knowed it . . . there is nought but hemlock that will grow her**, though them two aweet sonlti laid ajongidde might aave.him . . . bnt, thank God, he is dead, and my little Master Frank's above ground!* Hi* old voice ceased in a triumphant qua«er a* he turned -from the grace to the dwindling group of villager*, for the short November afternomi ? dwirig tn, and a chilly mist was rising In spectral shapes about the nearer tombstones, and gathered more closely aboot the little gronp, formed a ffall that shut ont all objects J*yond. ?Ay I' said tbe sexton, looking dowrf 4 bnt I would rather to-day was to morrer, and we wonld gel him here. The Squire were never wanted in anything yet, an it seems surprising that he should be throwed in his first wrsstle, so to speak, with death. ... I mostly gets a blink of tbe dead face in its coffin whiles I am digging its grave, but somehow 1 cannot see the master's/ 4 You shall within the hour,' said Job, briskly ; ' and now I must be hastenin' back, or tbe body '11 be there afore me, and my little Master Frsnk *11 be ex pecting' ? . Whst was it that frose the words on his lips 7 Whose was tbe tall shape that loomed gigantic through tbe mist, and from which after one shuddering glance all fell away, clotching at each otber like drowning creatures in a sinking ship? Job standing erect, the vigour of youth j rekindled io his veinB, withered and grew | old, as, with a lightning conviction of tbe troth, he stammered, 4 My master— where is my msster f Mr. Eyre looked down at the half-veiled chasm at his feet. 1 His grave is already dog,' he said, ' and you have received my message. He lies at the house yonder. * His grave?' repeated Job, slowly and stupidly ; 4 his grave .... bnt he's alive —the message was from him .... 'twas your I »ody he was bringing ? ? his dinner's preparing, and his chsir'b set .. . My little Frank,' be sobbed, 4 my dear, dear little Maater Frank'— then seised Mr. Eyre's arm snd shook him like a reed; ' did yon kill him as you killed your wife ?' he shrieked. 4 He was killed in bsttle abroad,' ssid Mr. Eyre, and hiB voice hollow aod worn, might have been a ghosts. 4 He bed been an hoar dead when I foond him. I laid him in his coffin and brought him straight home. Tbe message must have blundered on its way. Bnt Job did cot hear ... by tbe side of that empty grave bis faithfo] old heart broke, and palsied and tottering, he had crept away home to where, for the first, last time, his little Master Frank was waiting to receive him. CHAPTER HI. 4 And so yon dug my grave with a will, my friend,' said Mr. Eyre, looking keenly at the grave*digger,' * and I've disap pointed yon ; bnt it shan't be iove'6 laboor lost. Lord Lovel loved my wife— and ehe1 him — aod there is room for me on the other side. Ai d they shall have no monument, end no stained glass yonder; butonly the flowers they both loved, with tbe son sbiniug through them — and there'll be no briar to grow out of either breast, bat only a rose. And so yon thought 1 killed my wife?' he added, taming abruptly to the terrified villagers, who began to smart onder a more wholesome fear of him in the flesh than in the spirit. 4 Nay, sir/ said the sexton's wife, enrt seying, 1 'tis not for poor folks like we to judge oar master; the old man did hut prate out what he's caught up from his betters. 4 Good God 1' cried Mr. Eyre, like a man violently awabwed from a dream. 4 is it possible ' then stooped and plucked a daisy from her grave. 4 Poor, poor Madcap I' be said, fo low, that none might hear him, 4 and is that all my love hath brought thee V Then, shrouding himself in his black cloak, the mist ewallowed him op from the .frightened gazem' eyeB, and he was gone. 4 'TiB well that Frank lies yonder, not I,' be said aloud as he crossed the church yard, 4 since that's the popolsr idea. 1 'II live to disprove it, if ouly for her sake— as if the sweet soul conld have loved her murderer — and though I've thonght of moBt things, I never thought of that, though clearly some fool did— most likely Bnsby— and set tho country farm-yard in a cackle, because its chief goose had laid another egg. But she can't hear them, and she's happy ; and Frank's fonnd her by now; and be loves her too well to lei! her the secret he wouldn't tell mi. What was it ?' he cried aloud, and standing still iu the darkness. 4 Three years I've lost in hunting for it, ami meanwhile the woman's escaped me. But I'll find hpr yet.' As he climbed the familiar hill to his home, he thought of how often those two bright yonng creatures now sound in death below had trod it beside itiiu ; and once he drew back, as though physically onable to face the empty honse, across whose threhold his -Madcap would never dance to meet him aoy more. He entered the coortyanl and mechanically tnrned to that wing of the house in which her chamber lay, and from the foroe of habit, looked op as if he would have distingnished her window through the darkness. But what was this ? A clear. light burned within, and as he paused below, his foot struck against a ladder placed against the wall. Good God I he thonght ; has it stood here ever since that night t And then he remem bered that it was the very day and month of the year upon which she had been murdered. He had thonght it unnatural that Hester should climb the ladder ahless with sinister intent ; yet he found hia foot -on the first rung before be was aware ; and as he rose step by step, pat himself -jn her place, and' in the lighted room above seemed to see Mudcap, asleep and onconscions of her doom. As h\n bead and shoulders rose above the sill, filling the window from lintel to lintel, he saw that it was onshnttered and ajar, while throngh ibe clouded pane before him he once more beheld the diamonds that he had last seen on his wife's neck when he Jeft her in tbe drawing-room below with Lord Lovel.' ? . 4 Fd rather have the right to 'wear these openly than own tbe finest farm in Canada,' said a woman whose pettiooat of lin&ey-; wolsey, drab stays, and coarse white bodioe contrasted as curiously with the jewels she wore, as did her personal beauty with tbe sordid plainness of the man who stood at some little distance from her, his features expressing a stupid admiration that struggled with an almost abjeot terror. 4 You are just doited to deck yourself with them,' he said sullenly. (M'appen but tbey will hang the two on us yet.' 4 There iB only we two in the house/ she said ; 1 the child is a sleep, and every door locked, aod master's body is at tbe Towers by now. There is none likely to come nigh us to-night. Sit down, yon fool,' the added, as she turned herself this way and that before tbe mirror, 4 did ever yon see fireflieB give oot sucb a shine as you ?' 4 Sit me down — here?' he ssid, looking not at his Boiled fustian, hot at the middle of tbe room, his eyes fixed as if he saw there some fearsome sight, 4 seems like as I see her now as I seed her that night sitting in her white gownd, and tbe red blood gnrglin out'— as though involun tarily, his earth-stained hand lifted itself, and pointed to where his eyes dwelt— 4 1 were mad to let myself be dragged, here this night; and that poor soul — innocent of all save peeping, and almost hanged for oor sin — I'd had confessed all afore I saw her swinging. An all for nsaght bot to see yon with a halter of diamonds round your weazle * 4 It is handsomer thsn many a lady's,' said the woman, slowly, as one whom a thonght has struck ; 4 why should I go with tbe poor fool at all ?' she muttered, half aloud ; 4 in Paris I might wear them, and ? ' | 4 1 see no murder there,' Mr. Eyre had once exclaimed, gazing at his gardener's features ; but as Josephine's half-dropped words reached the man's ears and he strode forward, his master knew that his study had been superficial, and that beneath yon boorish exterior might lurk unsuspected possibilities of crime. 4 bo yon wonld like to give me the go by,' said Digges with a bitter enrse, as he crushed the womtin's white srm in his coarse hand; 4 jest yon try it?' and be breathed hard and thick ; 4 if so be as I have sold my sowl for von, I will get my penny's worth, and w eel go yoa will foller. I alios kuew you was a bad lot, but your first fancy will be the last, for I will kill the psir of ye. I have half the mind to tear them off yer body tbiB night and '/ess to the troth The woman langhed as she pnt her free arm about his neck and kiseed him— her beauty held him in bondage yet. In the lower ranks of life it is seldom that a man ill-nBes his handsome mate so long as shs is true to bim. 4 Did I not promise to love yon if you coold give me diamonds like Madame's ?' she said, sickening at the contrast of their two fncefi in the glass, 4 and I bare worn them once. To-night we will nnpick them from ilieir settings, and hide them tor the la»i time. 1 We maun hide awile afore we makes a move,' said Diggee, who had relapni'd into his n«nal afcolid self; 4ro'&ppen; the nee honrs will keep their eyes open yet Bwile. 'They've given over suspecting long age,' ssid Josephine; .'folks that dress themselves in woollen must be virtnonR— and poverty is a grand cloak to hide one's sins under. She was flaunting backwards and x wards before the mirn r now, aod hi yon her lay the pure, simple back-groin «»f Madcap's chamber, arranged just a- b e bad left it when she had ignorantly «t* f-d on her last long jonrney without fur w *11 kisB or word to the husband and ch ldr n she so passionately loved. There stood her white bed, an-l besid - it the table that held her I ibl-*, pray r-book^ and portrait of her hn&band; alone ana h ? two boys together; near them lay the broken toy that her boy had dropped when he bad pud her his last visit, a d wept a leaving her, not knowing h«w *'0 i ne would share with her that le p which knows no waking. . . . Yond r too, wi s the cabinet of which one nnlo k*d d»- w f held a secret that defi-*d Mr. E re, * hi ? hy its side the easy chair sto- din vhoi Madcap had been 'twinu'd ot h r ew*et life' unknowing; ? On the borders of the half light Digges hovered, fearful to remain, as to depart, alone, his round eyes resting on anythi'-r rather than his wife. All at on-e th blackness of the window attracted phine's attention ; it would make a longer looking-glass than the one io which she gazed, and she approached it, seeing bnt night beyond, for Mr. Eyre covered his face with hiB mantle as she advanced, bo that she saw tbe jewels flashing like Bjau rays npon an inky pool. But . as she looked, some horrible, lightning impression of gasing M dark against dark seized her; invol ntarily she pressed nearer, and as thelieavy mantle slipped, and Mr. Eyre's eyes tMt, hers through the glass, his features menacing and stern, pale and haggard as a man new risen from the tomb, icy terror congealed the very blood in her veins, and slew in her the power to cry oot— to stir. Ignorant and soperstitiooB, she never doobted that this was her dead msster in hisoere-clotbes come to confront her with tbe witnesses to her crime upon her body ? . . and reason tottered, but was not overthrown, till, dashing the casement wide, he stretched his arm and seized her . . . then her wits fled, and even as Mr. Eyre knew it, and ? aaw the chamber door open, and Digges I gone, he knew that onoe more the secret | of Madcap's death had escsped hir « CHAPiKK IV. Mr. Eyre cursed hitmelf for a melo dramatic tool bs he let the woman go, and has ened to reg; in earth, knowing that there waa hut two exits from tbe Bed Hall, I by one or the otber of whioh Digges was certain to effect h ? escape. ' Bot the pitch darkness aided the fugi tive^ and when he dropped noiselessly from tbe ? nursery window. Mr. Eyre grimly watohing a hundred yards distant, heard nothing, but was so certain oF his having got off that be waBted no time in searching the boose, bot descended to the Tillage, where he had tbe curioos misfortune to be mistaken at every step for his own ghost. Tbe story of his appearance in tbe churchyard was not yet folly circulated through the place, and many believed his body to be then reposing at the Towere, so that some hindrance to tbe search for Digges was unavoidable. 4 Save your cackles,' he said at last, sternly, 4 and search for this man through oat every yard of the village — a hundred pounds to him who seizes and brings him to me alive ; but let no one enter the Red Hall,' he added, as he mounted the horse that be bad himself hastily saddled, and set oat at full gallop for Marmiton. Within five minutes the whole popula tion of the villsge was abroad, some with lanterns, others with hastily m&de; and kindled brands, whoBe light they flung on outhouses, and startled fowl-coteB, beating each other foot of field and wood, and even climbing to the steep cliff that rose sheer behind the Red Hall, in one upper window of which a light sbone, tempting the seekers to porsne their search within. But none dared withstand their master's commands— be had returned grimmer and I more terrible than he departed; bnt Burely ' not the guilty roan they bad supposed, as his search for Digges, and a fcw hasty j words he had let fall, pointed to a dis covery on his part that the gardener and hiB wife were the criminals. But when, half an hour later, Mr. Eyre rode through the village, accompanied by mounted constabli s, many were the seekers who volunteered to accompany them to the hall, only to be peremptorily refused. Mr. Eyre's keen glance at once discerned that no trace of Diggts had been found ; and, without pausing to make inquiry, he and thoBe with him rode on the honse, where an entrance was effected by breaking a window. But the gardener's fatal error in leaving the ladder against the wall, no one conld poRsibly hsve surprised the woman that night; and those who followed Mr. Eyre uttered a cry of amazement as, pausing on the threshold of what had been his wife's chamber, be made a sign to them to look in. Before the glass eat Josephine, laughing softly to herself, and playing with the diamonds that now in the idiot's kingdom were her own— to be worn withont fear, and gloated over to her heart's content. For the first time in ber life she was happy— ay, and to the laBt day of it, for Mr. Eyre never allowed them to be taken from her during that long and weary time through which he waited patiently for the flicker of reason that should cast its light upon the manner of Madcap's end. 4 The man's not guilty,' said one of the constables who had been carefully watching her. 4 If she'd only stolen the diamonds, the shock of seeing you wonldn't have driven her mad. Most likely ehe com mitted the murder after Mr*. Eyre's maid had left this room for the night, and went back to the nursery jn*l before Hester Clarke, mountiug the ladder through curiosity, discovered what had happened, and shrieked ao as to louse the house/ When asked if the man should search the honse, he assented, bat did not accom- ? pany th«m, though with his hand he locked ! Josephine in a room whence egress was im- 1 possible, having previously placed bread j and water within her reach. . I The happy idiot went willingly, but c»i;d . when he took the light away till she fell j asleep, hugging the diamonds in her artnB. | He then returned to hn wife's chamber, j and sal down just within, not stirring till | he heard approaching steps, when he rose, I and, standing on the threshold, asked the j chief constable if he had discovered | anything ? 4 4 Nothing, sir— leaatways only a child, all alone, and sonnd asleep, Bir/ (lb be continued A * 