THE C A R D S H A PAUGHTETi. j ^F love afc iirst be possible, ' ; certainly was in love with I It was in my young v,]:e:i L was j visiting Paris :or my auHuer.u-iit. I had ! been'strolling: a.bout the city all the inornin una towards noon I l'or.nu iiiy.-eli t: . neighbourhood of the F:ui St. (Jermain, ; when I cirJS'lit. tue beautiful unknown. . I stood still as she pa? scd me. end our -yes mat. Her \ohaujrhly fnen, .md I and J rather abashed, i ot ow nev. For duy? avsd d:'.ys '•r.'jrv'ed aiioufc in the hope ot njcetin;T he: .•^•aii;, but snoccss ; and nt. iasfc 1 niac.e up my mind that. I would try to [o:'-et that I had over seen hrr, At about that time I made the acquaintance of M. .Augusts Vevrier. He was a person of venerable aspect, with long white hair and a patriarchal beard. His appearance did lies betoken wealth, but his generally cultivated bearing suggested that) he p.d seen better days. We first met in a cafe to which I occasionally resorted, and I soon found from his conversation that he was a mail onsiderable education. After we had met some half-a-dozen times, [ happened to mention that I took great interest in matters pertaining to art. He then informed- me that he was a painter by profession, and modestly invited me to accompany him to his studio and inspect joine of his works. I assented, and he conducted me to a crazy, old, half-timbered house, Ions since pulled down, in the Faubourg St. Germain. Sere, having' ascended to the topmost story, we entered the studio, which presented a rather remarkable appearance. There were numbers of pictures, some with frames and some without, stacked against the wails ; and rows of dusky shelves, with books, casts, und human bones heaped upon them. In one corner was a life-sized model of-the Apollo Belvedere, and in the corner, diagonally facing it, a complete skeleton hung suspended from hooks in the wall. This, being on the same side as the window, was barely distinguishable in the deep shadow, and presented a strange, spectre-like appearance. The other corner, on the same side, was occupied by the artist's easel and canvas, behind which was a lay figure dressed !n a complete suit of armour, and grasping in its extended fist a truncheon, reminding me of the ghost of Hamlet's father. In the remaining corner stood another figure, which was covered with a large mass of crimson drapery, apparently to'protect it from the dust. All about the room, wherever space permitted, were piled fragments of old armour, with swords, pistols, halberds, and ether weapons in picturesque disarray. After showing me several of his paintings, which were not indeed works of very high merit. M. Verrier asked me if I would take cup of coffee. I asseuted, and he rang a small handbell. In response to the summons a young lady entered, bearing black coffee and cigare^°s upon a small trav. A thrill of deligiitiul surprise ran through me as I recognised in her the unknown one whose beauty had so profoundly impressed me on that memorable morning. ' Permit me," said he—" Monsieur Clayton, my daughter Mademoiselle Annette Verrier." I bowed, and the young lady returned my obeisance with consummate grace, blushing slightly as she did so. Then she withirew, after handing us our coffee and cigarettes. v I prolonged my stay rather inordinately, the hope that Mdlle. Verrier would reappear, but she did not, and 1 took my leave at length, resolved to use every means for becoming better acquainted with her. v One day I met M. Verrier in the caf as before, and our conversation happened to turn upon games. I mentioned that I was fond of ecarte, and asked him if he ever played. v " Alas ! not now, monsieur," replied he. " For you see I have to be at work every hour of the daylight; and my physician does not permit that I go out in the evening, on account of my asthma, so I am obliged to give up my game "But surely, monsieur," said I, "your friends might play with me in your own rooms ?" "I have no friends," said he, "who care to spend their time in amusing an old man. All, no ! most persons can find more lively diversions than that. No matter ; I must not complain, for I have a treasure indeed in the society of my beloved daughter." I hinted pretty strongly that I at least would be only too happy to play with him. " Well then, monsieur," said he, "since you are so good as to say so, if you will name any evening that shall be agreeable to you, it will give me great pleasure to take a hand with you." I suggested the same evening, at any hour he pleased. " Shall we say nine o'clock then," said he. " And if you will do me the honour to sup with me " I accepted gladly, and overwhelmed him with a profusion of thanks. What happiness ! I should see Annette—should converse with her, and should be able to strengthen the favourable impression I already believed myself to have made. M. Verrier rose to leave the cafe, muttering in a half-audible tone as he did so : "I must remember to get some cards, for I have not a pack—so long since I have played!" " Pray do not trouble yourself, monsieur," I exclaimed, " for, as it happens, I have two new packs at my hotel." He thanked me, and walked out. Just then the proprietor of the cafe, a fat, jovial fellow, who had been removing some glasses near us during our conversation, turned to me with a smile— " Monsieur must be- rich," he remarked, "to play with M. Verrier." "Indeed?" "Ay. For it is his humour to play high. Also it is his humour to win." What did I care for that? Even if I lost a few louis, the interview with Annette would more than repay the sacrifice. I resolved to humour M, Verriier for one evening at least. The time came, and on my arrival I was ushered by my host into a small and barelyfurnished room, where a table was laid for two. Our supper was very simple; it consisted of bread, cheese, and salad, with red wine. Annette attended upon us, mixing our salad and pouring out our wine. She was paler than usual, and the absence of colour in her cheek rather served to heighten the indescribable air of noblesse, that pervaded all her movements. m I now had to submit to a disappointment for which I had been wholly unprepared. Holding out her hand to me, she wished me Son soir. She was going to retire for the rest of the evening. It might have been partly owing to the wine, but I felt unusually bold, and as I took the lily hand in my own I pressed it to my lips. So kind of you," she murmured, softly. " She is an angel!" I saicL to myself, " an angel of gentleness and filial affection. She has no thought—no care for herself; she onlv studies her father's happiness." She turned te go, and—I hardly knew hew I nerved myself to say it—I wondered at my own temerity afterwards: " You are quitting my sight, mademoiselle," I exclaimed, in impassioned tones, " but yonr image will remain enshrined in my heart for ever." An interval of silence then ensued. My companion did not invite conversation, and I was not disposed to talk. I was thinking of Annette. I. now told myself that I ioved I her—yes, this feeling must be love, for it was f«uudid en esteesi. i R P E R S l d M " I assented, and he led the way to tli« studio. Everything there was precisely 1 i::ui s».r;n ih ori tho previous occasion. Zil. Vi n;2 1-J clM".:r, *Ai)erc I seated invseii facing the easel, which _ was covered v.-j.h laro-e white wrapper. Behind it loomed the mysterious figure in arrr.cv.r. while i he AppoJlo was on my light ar.d the sko'ctu;. cn my ]pft. M. Verrier no.v removed the wrapper from the easel, disclosing: to my view an unfinished sketch, in oiis, of his daughter Annette. As I p-azt u at the portrait, a few incoherent extv,-fissions of lulmlrcvt.ioii broke from me. 1I-. Wi rier sullied, and drawing up a small table iov, ;iriis me, placed wineand glasses upon it, aud took his seat facing • The game commenced ; we played hi^b, and I sef.MOD to IGEO about three hundred :nines in no fcin:e. I v/as a good player,but I did nob pay sufficient, attention to tha enrds, partlj- from a desire to indulge my opponent in his humour, but chiefly because my'thoughts were running upon Annette, and my eyes continually wandering to har portrait upon the easel. \- M. Verrier gathered up m y stake with '' the cool iudifference of the veteran gamester. " It is better to play thus than in company, where they bet upon the cards and advise you what to play, is it not, monsieur?" said he. I expressed concurrence ; but there was something in his tone that I did not like. It seemed to convey a covert sneer at my want of skill, and I determined to play my very best. I now won a few games, and M. Verrier for the first, time challenged me to bet. £ did so, and lost heavily. 'The artist played as if he had known every card in my hand-^a species of knowledge that is of transcendent value at ecarte. I began to suspect that I was being made the victim of some trickery, though of what nature I could not guess. The cards I had brought •with me, and it WAS therefore impossible that the backs could have been marked in any WAY^ What was the secret of M. Verrier's success! I resolved to watch him, aud, if possibly find out. : My hand consisted of the queen, eight and seven of clubs, and the knave and nine ofi diamonds. In taking up these cards I had; scarcely made a movement of the elbow, and yet I could see, in the spectacle glasses of M. Verrier, the reflection of something in brisk motion behind my chair. Angry and suspicious, and almost forr get-ting for the moment that the man before me was the father of Annette, I turned sharply round, and was just in time to catch sight of a human hand, holding FIRE cards spread fan-wise, rapidly disappearing under the folds of the crimson drapery that covered the figure in the corner behind me. I had seen the faces of the cards. They, were the queen, eight and seven of clubs, and the knave and nine of diamonds. , I roughly tore off the drapery, and disclosed to view—not a lay figure,, bub the majestic form of Mdlle. Annette Verrier, - holding in her hand the cards with which he had been telegraphing.—Abridged from The Ha'porth. A F E W PEOPLE I LOVR To love is one of the natural propensities of the human race^ and it may be truly said that affection exists, in greater or lesser . degrees, in many of the domestic animals. I offer this sentence as a short introduction TO; what is to follow. I have always found it very convenient to start out with a sentence , or two before following it up with others.' An article which does not do this does not possess much inherent literary merit. • J : As my opening sentence impliedly admits/ a disposition to hateis contrary to all natural law, but I have never been .able to ascertain what tribunal has cognisance .of such con-, trariety or what penalty is affixed WHEN ^ _. erdict of guilty has been brought HU " > 2 -V. I have never hated any one, jaod'I havil " ade it a point to lavish my affectibns ORI certain persons; specified bslow,\vhoI know- ? are in need of my love, because they are IA^T loved by the cold world generally. • ; The person who comes in for the largest share of my pure affection is the man wko writes his name so that I can't read.it. MY love for this man is unbounded, ANDKAO are , the endearing epithets I bestow upon, hint Sometimes his written name resembles ia& unfinished plan of a trestle-work bridge,' and sometimes it looks like the path of ftforest fire. If we judge this man by. bis chirography, he is an enigma, and—we giva him up. . « ' The next person I ardently love without his being aware of it is the individual who ,' asks me if I have read this book or THAI book, or some other book, and when I tpO,. him I have not, evinces surprise, and regards me as an inferior being. He IS »; lovable man to me. ' • Then comes the landlady, who, because I twice partook of a particular dish, assumes that I am fond of it, and afterwards passeg. it to me frequently, keeps it on the table meal after meal, and informs her frieodsand, relations that I am fond of it. WCLL-insui*! ing lady, she shall never know how I love her! .5 The next in order aro the persons of limited intelligence who argue the great questions of the day, and set forth plans for saving the country in my presence. Ona asserts that the application of electricity to' machinery in the place of steam will throw, the miners out of employment, and the otherdeclares that it will take just as much coal' to make the electricity. And so they argue.! - I wish they would stop long enough for MA to tell them how I love them. , And the rest of my love belongs to THA college girls who invite me out to spend TBA evening., and then indulge in mysterious conversations respecting a chum oracquaiatance positively unknown to me: good at entertaining—themselves. They AN 