OUTLAW & LAW-MAKER. BY MRS. CAMPBELL PEAED. CHAPTER XXXVI.— Continued. And then lie told her of liow Ills love for her had grown and grown ; how at first he had begun his flirtation, believing her to be heartless nnd deserving of no quarter, and how he had gradually become caught in her toils, and had struggled against her influ ence, at first from mere pride, and later out of love and consideration for her. "Till I knew that you were securely pledged to Frank Hallett, and that night 1 let myself So," he said. I had let mvself go unco efore, but 1 wanted you to believe that that was only to show my mastery." "And how is it to end?" she said sud denly. "To end?" he repeated. 11 Moonlight's races is run. There will never be another Moonlight robbery in Lcichhardt's Land. Years and years hence the cave will be dis covered, and people will wonder who used it. Everything is settled. Trnnt goes to Europe next mail." " He wanted to take me with him," said Elsie. Blake kissed her in a passionate impulse. "Oh! thank Heaven that you were saved from that— though I don't think he would have carried his purpose, my dear; you have too much pluck. You would have got away from him somehow." "Yes," said Elsie. "I should have got away. I had made up my mind. I resolved that I would appear to yield, and that if the worst came to the -worst I would kill myself on my wedding day. Are you not afraid of him?" she asked, suddenly. "Don't think rac conceited, but he must have cared for me in a wild, desoerate way to have planned nnd managed all that scheme of carrying me off. I think he would stop at nothing. He is dangerous and revengeful. He is capable of betraying you for having foiled his pur pose." 14 You forget," said Blake, 44 that in be traying me ho would be betraying himself — not only to the authorities here, but what is far more terrible, to the society, who would avenge me. No, my darling, don't think any more of that. Traut will go as he had settled, Sam Slichau wants to try ranching in America, and us for the half-castes, they don't count." 44 And yon ?" asked Elsie. "X have not decided anything yet," he said, 44 except that iny career is ended in Lcichhardt's Land. I cannot stay here and risk exposure us Moonlight. My purpose is accomplished. I have done my country some service. I shall go now and light for it, in another way and another place. And do yon think," ho added vehemently, u that after this night 1 could meet you as Frank Hallelt's wife?" She was silent. She knew that sho should never be Frank Hallett's wife, but she would not tell him this now. The first faint greyness of early morning was paling the slurs. They were riding along comparatively easy country, skirting -the Luya on the road from Bardlin Gorge to the Dell, lu a little time they would have reached the crossing. Elsie asked about, her sister. Her heart smote her for having fox- gotten her. "Sho is at the Dell," he said. 44 They buried Lord Horace in the graveyard at Tunimba, and Lady Horace and the Wuveryngs went back to the Dell after the Funeral. Poor Lady Horace bore her loss with a curious composure. She .seemed fur more distressed an«l broken by her uncer tainty about ynu. But she said that .she Was convinced you were not dead. She had an extraordinary iuluiUon that Trunt Imd you suniewhcro in biding, and she had a belief that 1 should find you. Shu will not be surprised when she sees us this morning. Tell her the truth, Elsie, if you please. I mean the truth about your abduction, but keep the secret of Moonlight's lair. But if you take mv udvieo vou will let the rest of the world believe that you and Trunt got I lost in the mountains, and that, it was only ! by clmnee 1 discovered you." 44 1 will lot all the world, including Jna, tlxink so," Elsie answered. " My poor Ina ! She will have no heart, for such tilings. Tell me," she went on hesitatingly, " was there any trouble about Mrs. Allanhy ?" All ! I see that you know of poor Horace's infutuutiou ; it was very patent to other people. I believe there was some sort of scene, but that it was kept from your sister. Lady Wuvcryng has behaved like an angel ami a woman" of the world in one. It was extraordinary the way she watched over both Mrs. Alianby ami Lady Horace, keep ing them apart, ami arranging for Mrs. Alianby to be taken to Leichardt's Town without any suspicion. She was like a sistqr to that unfortunate woman, from whom it might be supposed that she would naturally shrink as if she were poison. But nohfetiae obtiije" he added with a laugh. "Kaoe tolls, after all. Lady Wuvcryng never seemed to think of her own grief, and it is certain that sho was devoted to Lord Horace." "Yes, Lady Wuvcryng is good," said Elsie. 44 1 am glad that Ina has got her now." It was strange, now that the novelty of the situation hud worn oil a little, how quietly and composedly they talked. Blake gave no hope, no hint of union. They might have been parting with a scaffold before one of them, for all the hoping or planning there was in their tall; about the future. But notwithstanding the gloom and tragedy which surrounded their lives—the terrible discovery that had come upon Inn', the utter hopelessness of any happiness before them, this early morning on which she rode clasped in his arms seemed the opening of a new life for Elsie. Her whole being was filled with a curious calm certainty. She knew the worst. Sho knew his crime, sho know the bar between them. But she knew also that lie loved her supremely, sho knew that in her life or in her death she must belong to this man and no other. Her mind was made up, her course was clear. The east was aglow when they reached the crossing, and the birds had begun to twitter, and tile cockatoos to chatter. It was a strange wonderful world bathed in dew and suffused with the radiance of sunrise. Blake dismounted. He had reluctantly unfolded his arms from Elsie's form. Their kiss had a great solemnity, as was fitting after this most- sad yet sweetest night in the lives of cither. Blake settled Elsio on the saddle and walked beside her, holding the rein. Abatos was very timet, and as if in sympathy rubbed his sleek beautiful head against his master's shoulder. Elsie stooped and kissed the creature's shining n.ane. 44 Dear Abatos," she said. 44 Do yon remember," she added i turning to Blake) 44 how I once wished that Moonlight might carry me oif on Abatos? I have had my wish." 44 Not miite," he answered. 44 1 am bring ing you borne. You don't know the mad longing that seized me last night as wo rode together— the longing that it might be to some far oil' place where we should be to gether to our lives' end." | 44 Why did you not take mo?" she mur mured. "Because I love you, Elsie, too. well to sacrifice your life to mine." 44 And if I asked you to tako me ?" she said. 44 If you asked mo I should say no — I ' should say go and marry the man who is I more worthy of you than I." I 44 And if I told yon that I could never marry that, man — never, never, that I should j feel it a crime to marry him when my, heart j and soul belonged to you?" 44 Then I would say 4 Go back, Elsie, and wait a year, two years, till you are sure of yourself — tifl I have made a new life and a new home a.way from the shadow of old sin, auds orrow ami disgrace. I should say give yourself the chance of repenting " 44 And if I. gave myself the chance, and if I did not ..repent, but longed more ardently than now that I might make your happiness as you would make mine, what then? " Then I would take you iti my arms, and bid you never leave them more." They crossed the river silently, and ho led her to the house. No one was stirring. He lifted her down at the log steps of the veran dah. A kangaroo hound barked, and pre sently a sleepy Islander came slouching out of the back premises. Blake took Elsie's hand. 44 I will leave you now and ride hack to Barulin. I am to he there for a week, making final arrangements. If you wish to communicate with me that address would find me at oucc. But we part, Elsie, for ever." 44 Do we part?" she cried, with a wild, half tearful laugh. 44 I will write to you. We shall see." 44 Good-bye," ho said, afraid of her weak ness, tearing himself away lest his presence should influence her against what was best for her future: 44 good-bye, my dear love. God bless and keep you." He mounted. Abatos and rodo away. Elsie went straight to Ina's room. Ina was wide awrfke. It had not occurred to Elsie that- her unexpected appearance might give her sister ;i shock which might be hurt ful. Ina gaze! at her at lirst as though she were a ghost. Poor Ina had the look of one who had become used lately to seeing ghosts. She said not o no word, did not utter a cry. 44 Ina," said. Elsie, going to the bed, and taking the yoang widow in her arms. 44 Oh, my poor Ina ; my darling Ina; I have come back again. I am quite safe. I have come back to he wi th you in your trouble." 44 1 knew 'diat you were not dead," Ina said, in an -odd, dull voice. 44 1 kuew that God would not be so cruel as to take you from me. I knew that you would have come to tuo if yo'u had been dead. Horace has come to me often. We have talked together, lie lias told me— we have forgiven each other everything. 44 OJ»! m; dearest Ina, ho had nothing to forgive you-" 44 You don't know. Oh ! wasn't it sad about poor Horace?" Ina went on, quite calmly. 44 .Mr. Blake has told you, 1 sup pose. Elsie, all that has happened ?" 44 Yes, I know all that happened. My heart- ached, for you, Ina." 44 But it was much best that God should have taken him," Ina went on. "lloraco feels that now. It was such a bright, joyous life, Elsie— that's what makes it seem so luird, and le cared so for the things of life — poor He/nice ! But God will remember all that, and we don't know what the other life is like, dear. 1 think it must fit like this one, only without the sin. Horace was taken away just in Lime to savo him from sin. X told her that. 1 told her I was glad ; and I think she understood. Poor woman, I was sorry for Iter. It was harder for her than for me." Elsie listc nod in silent wonder. It seemed a relief to L'lia to go on. 44 Yes, it was much best- so. It wasn't her fault, and i t wasn't his. If I had loved him lie might- h ave eared forme. That was the wrong hoi u the beginning. He Imd a loving nature, poor Horace. People cannot help earing for one person more than for another, Elsie. 'L\:ioy ought not to be judged hardly. The sin is in marrying one person when you love another. You may think you will get over it, bin. you never do, you never do. It is always n, canker in the heart." (To be continued.) 