CURRENT NOTES. . .It NOLI HOIMIES, in his address to the Pleasant Sunday Afternoon Association, was both isislijjo live and entertaining. The association is parli.'iibirly modest, if we may take thb Judge's «"nl for it, and its little aim is only to '"check tin- deterioration of the national character." An an evidence of the said deterioration, Mr. lb'dgvs adduces the deplorable fact that, " Instead of looking forward to a life's work to iv:pa life's reward, men now seek to become ttr'ilthy by a single stroke of the pen, or by a siniOe act." Alas! how true this is ! But the ini^Tuant who hopes to win a fortune by a .-iuu'lo act is not utterly lost, and the Pleasant S mlay Afternoon Association is going to win h'm frui 11 his wickedness, ami, with the assist- .111 • ,,f sacred selections on the bassoon and the 0-nnT, and solos 011 the kettle-drum, and short iii'H.il addresses, teach him the wisdom of 1«-tilining from growing beastly rich all of a MICMOII. Never did Melbourne men feel the inv>x»ity of such an association more keenly 11>.11 now ; the disposition to acquire fabulous N,villi with startling alacrity II.VJ latterly ink 111 possession of many a heart hitherto lim.iiiie ;uul submissive, but when tbe M'.M-I'S of the said avaricious organs have •iiRi.ded several meetings of the P.S.A.A., and In 1 .!i d Judge Hodges/in cheery contentment a !iw times, they will throw off' the unrighteous 1-i'.r. ing for instantaneous riches, and be meekly vawable to grow affluent by slow stages, say at ilic rate of ten thousand a year. It is almost a ii.n I'iii.->1 calamity that we did not. discover M'Wi'al years ago that the only reliable cure of i)ii> insensate ambition to become men of means in the fastest time 011 record lay in devoting our s u .lny afternoons to tluv intoxicating influence "fiini grand piano and the ravishing tootling "iihellute, interspersed with slabs of oratory tY. in the lips of prominent men in politics, art, M-iritve and law. The evils of the great boom •1 .luathematised memory might have been iitui.ii-d bad the patriotic promoters of the I'll -iv nit .Sunday Afternoon Association comini'iired operations in season. However, it is IIH-IT too late to mend, and Pcrsc'lf patiently •itt.ris the appearance of the P.S.A.A.'s lirst "ii .ci t—tbe man who will not want to become cv.ivinuly vioh in one act. Tin.m: was a time, which most of us can iviiH tuber, when a lady lecturer was looked nil'i! a^ a phenomenon, and a rather uncanny i'in irmionon, too. Men laughed at her, and her '•Mi -ox regarded her as more or less crazy and M |Uite what they considered respectable. Iln i i was a certain amount of justification for views in the early days of the new *'«•(••'inure. Some very weird and awesome Wiiii nies used to Come upon the platform in times, and talk ghastly rubbish to • M1 uees paralysed by the glitter of their '"!]iiii eyes. But things have changed greatly ' ; ii' •• t lien. Men are no longer inclined to laugh v Wr. a woman appears upon the platform merely iiv.iu-,. she is a woman, and other women, "w .-:.d of giving her tbe cold shoulder as "a 'i"i'•• impossible person to know, my dear," 1 "• -i.> much of her in public and backbite her in I'Oviii-, which latter performance is, perhaps, l )"' highest testimony to her popularity that divvi-.iuld possibly give. Of course, if she is Wuu-ev (or lecturess, if you like) of the Miss Hart order, she is not taken any more ^'•imijJy than she would have beeti if she had lll : "li-- her ileb/U oil the lecture platform twenty years ago. But if she lias anything to say which is either instructive or amusing she-lias as good a chance of obtaining an audience as a mule lecturer would hare—probably a better one, indeed. Women are now credited with the possession of brains—at least, some women are —and are allowed to let the world into the secret if they choose to do no. We venture to Kay that if Miss Shiir, the representative oi the Times, who visited us a short time ago and wrote such nice articles about Victoria in that paper — had chosen to deliver a lecture, or series of lectures, on the subjects she was writing about there would have been plenty of people to listen to her. * * # » W'c were led to make these remarks by the fact of Miss G. H. Spence, of Adelaide, having delivered a lecture on "Effective Voting" in the Australian Church the other evening. We don't know anything about effective voting ourselves, but regarded as a subject for a popular lecturu we should be inclined to consider it dry. Miss Spence knows all about it, however—and all about many other things wbicb al e quite as much caviare to the general. It would not be much of an exaggeration to call her the Australian Harriet Martineau, or, for that matter, since she has taken to lecturing, the Australian Victoria Woodball, though Miss Spence has none of the erases with which the latter gifted lady is afflicted. And, what is above rubies in a woman, is that she - we mean Miss Spence— has humour, as was shown in her statement that for thirty-one years she had been waiting for some man to come forward and do the work she was now doing, for she preferred to sit at home and knit stockings ; also, that she was a single woman, and therefore had waited for a man in two senses. We are afraid, however, that, in spite of her humour and her erudition, Miss Spence's advocacy of effective voting—by which it appears she means six members being returned for each electorate in the country, the electorates to be proportionately increased in size —will not cause a revolution in tbe present electoral methods. The truth is that people are getting tired of voting for even one member, and would be glad to do without Parliament altogether. It might be otherwise if they could have a Parliament composed of ladies like Miss Spence. But that may not be, as far as she is concerned, as she says that she has no hope of ever becoming a member of Parliament. THAT decrepit and doddering old body, the Murine Board, is taking its quietus in anything but a quiet fashion. Instead of drawing its toga around it and dying with dignity, it claws feebly about to find some excuse—any excuse— for dragging out its moribund existence a little longer." It is ready and willing to be amalgamated with anything, from a Canary Club to a Chrysanthemum Conference, as long as it is not utterly wiped out of the list of institutions pretending to be aiive. But. the Fates, and Mr- Patterson, the Great Iconoclast, are against it, and wo are afraid it must prepare itself to be thrown into the dust-bin of oblivion with a Jot of other obsolete things. The Lemper of the time is also against it. When people are driven by what is mildly termed the Depression to pawning their family heirlooms and holding auction sales of their household gods, they have little reverence to spare for antiquarian relics. The Marine Board may have done sotne service in its day, though the proof of what it has done is confined to the assertions of some of its members—more than one of whom, by-the-way, openly state that the first three years of its existence, and much public money into the bargain, had been spent in wrangling over a proposed ten per cent, reduction in the pilotage rates—but it has more than outlived its usefulness and there is nothing left for it to do but give up the ghost, gracefully if it chooses, grotesquely if it doesn't. The community has now come down to tbe hard bed-rock of reality. Any institution supported by the State which cannot give a thoroughly sound and practical reason of being must die the death. In the up-hill march nhich has to be commenced over again in order to roach once more the high level of prosperity from which we have" fallen, we cannot afford to be retarded by useless impedimenta. It is even doubtful—judging by the ruthless manner in which the Government grants to the hospitals have been cut down— whether we can afford to carry our sick along w ith us. And if we are unable to carry our sick, it is hardly likely that we are going to carry our dead, among which—we are, of course, speaking of bodies corporate—we now count the Marine Board. The members thereof should take the advice of Captain Webb, a member himself, and "go back and earn their own living in an ordinary and natural manner." This is the last word we have to say upon the subject. THE one consolation which each individual colony of Australia possesses is that the finances of the sister colonies are in an equally embarrassed state. Retrenchment is the order of the day all round, and Victoria has a grim satisfaction in knowing that New South Wales as a colony is also hard up. Community of suffering will now lead to community of amazed mirth at the proposition that the present is an opportune time to spend money in subsidising a new mail service to England. It is proposed to start a mail service between Queensland, ma Canada and England. The sentimental advantage of having our letters carried solely through English-speaking and English-governed territory appears to some minds to be a great one, but, so far as we can ascertain, no serious damage has accrued to letters that have had to run the gauntlet of the San Francisco Post Office, nor have we found either loss or delay occasioned to English correspondence through its being carried through the Mediterranean and the Bed Sea. Beyond expensive sentimentalism—and sentimentalism in this case would be expensive —there seems to be no reason whatever for the Queensland-Canadian subsidised service. At the present time Australia is very well served in regard to its communication with Europe and America. Wo have a four-weekly service with the United States, and the P. and O. and Orient lines between them give us direct weekly communication with Europe. Five Old World mails in four weeks should be sufficient to satisfy all the wants of Australia. The subsidy that, it is proposed should lie paid by Victoiia would amount to about £5000 per annum. This is not a large amount, perhaps, but at a time when we are retrenching in every direction it seems sheer folly to spend £5000 per annum for advantages and benefits that are, to say the least of them, of an extremely nebulous nature. liven in booni-tiine, when there was money forthcoming for any and every proposal, the establishment of an additional over-sea mail service would have been regarded as perfectly unnecessary. To propose the Queensland-Canadian scheme at the present juncture is surely the very acme of folly. Si It E. T. •SARI;0II1) has made the discovery that there arc other persons besides the workingman who deserve some consideration in the present hard times. H e divides these persons into two classes— the lirst class comprising officers and cm/>Intjcs of the Public Service whose services have been or shortly will lie dispensed with, the second comprising persons connected •with commercial and kindred pursuits who are now unemployed consequent on the present stagnation in trade. The large-soulcd knight says that the only way by which these people can be saved from falling into vulgar poverty is to settle them 011 the land. The same old cry. Politicians and other public men in this colony seem to have as great a belief in tbe good resulting from other persons being brought into contact with the earth as though the latter were each a pocket edition of Antaius, the celebrated Titan who gained new strength every time he touched the ground. We believe them to be all well -meaning, but «e nevertheless think thev go about the matter in a too wholesale fashion. They ought to know that there is a large class of people who only take kindly to the ground when they are put under it, and who hate the country almost as much as the average selector's son does Sir F. T. Sargood asks if there is any good reason why, before it is too late, and their means become exhausted, the classes whose cause he advocates should not make a new departure and take up their residence in the country, where they and their families could live with as much comfort as in town and at one-half the outlay, while at the same time tiiey would gradually, but surely., build up a permanent home for their children, and create in them a knowledge of and liking for 1 ural occupations. We know of 110 reason why they shouldn't do all these things, except the simple one that a round peg is not made to fit into a square hole. # # # Life 111 the country under the conditions which they would have to put up with during the first few years of their experience would mean harder work than they had ever tackled in the whole of their lives. The farmer born on the land and bred ij his busims; thinks himself a slave—which he is. How much more of a slave then would these soft-handed, whitehanded gentlemen consider themselves if they found themselves in his position ? But Sir F. T. Sargood sees a way out of this difficulty. He suggests that "Village Settlements," stocked with sturdy labourers, should be established in close (hut not too close) contiguity to the "Homestead Settlements," which would be occupied by the ex- Civil Servants and softgoodsmen whom he has in his eye. He sees before him a vision of a number of families "of like position and tastes, and possibly acquainted with one another," arranging to take up adjoining areas of land, and thus forming homestead settlements con- taining within themselves all the elements for' social and intellectual enjoyment. Very pretty. The noble knight., being a prominent aristocrat himself, naturally contemplates with pleasure the foundation of a lot of little village aristocracies, each of them with, no doubt, a squire at its head, "just as at home," and Australian yokels, born in the "Village Settlements," pulliug tlieii forelocks with deep respect whenever one of these shoddy little patriarchs goes by. Sir F. T. iSargood, 110 doubt, means as well as the other enthusiasts to whom we have referred, but we don't think his ideas are in the least degree more likely to be put. into practice. Ho doesn't want to merely establish a new- Arcadia or collection of Arcadias—he wants the Government to start a new Utopia. "THKT talked of the financial crisis, but they should not forget that there were times of financial crisis in everyday life," said tbe Kov. Samuel Chapman in a sermon on Sunday night. ."Should not forget it!" echoes our impecunious contributor. How can you forget it ? You wish you could. So far from "should not forget" it being advised, Mr. Chapman ought to have told his hearers some way iu which they could forget it. Speaking personally, the impecunious one declares that his -creditors take precious good care that he don't forget that" there are times of financial crisis in everyday life." In fact, they jog bis memory with a persistence worthy of a nobler cause. There is nothing a man would liko to forget more completely than that he owes money and can't pay. As the poet says, " 'twould be a bliss beyond the bliss of dreaming." 