«The Unseen World." A SOCIETY FOR PSSCIIICAL RESBABCH.-INAUGURAL MEETING. (Argus, Sept. 20.) The inaugural meeting of the Victorian Society for Psychical Research wos held on Tuesday evening at the College of Pharmacy, Swan-street, Melbourne, and was attended by a considerable audience, which included many ladies. Professor Laurie, who presided, read the constitution which had been drawn up, and which provided shortly thatspiritualism, mesmerism, hypnotism, telepathy, clairvoyance, the appearance of disembodied spiritB, and all kindred phenomena would be investigated by the society, and that the fee for membership would be 10a 6d annually. The professor intimated that the desire to participate in occult manifesta- tions was increasing daily among the masses of the people, and that it was highly desirable that the impostors and charlatans who had hitherto made a good thing out of the popular thirst for supernatural excitement should be superseded. The new society, it ! was vaguely hinted, would countenance no" spooks" which could not stand the application of strictly I scientific teBts, and would be happy to receive for membership the determined sceptic as well as the whole-hearted believer, and the anomalous person who describes himBelf as open to conviction. Perhaps the most striking example of determined scepticism present was Dr. Jamieson, the city health officer, who bluntly declared his conviction that irregular phenomena were mainly due to hallucination. With his spectacles on ÜÍB nose, and an amused smile on his lips during the pio gre3s of the discussion, he looked the personifica- tion of the F cien tifie spirit, and the most impor- tunate phantom might well despair of ever obtain- ing a testimonial of credibility in that quarter. Dr. G. A. Syme announced himself as an inquirer with an unbiassed mind, and declared that he was ready to examine any of the alleged phenomena that could be produced. As for the people whose belief in table-turning and spirit-rapping could not be shaken by any arguments what- soever, they were present apparently by dozens, and as the elastic constitution of the society provides for the investigation of thought- transference, esoteric Buddhism, the doctrines of Madame Blavataky, mysticism, the use of the divining-rod, and magic necromancy and the black art generally down to Pepper's ghost and spring-heeled Jack, it is probable that representa- tives of each of these cults were in attendance to silently commiserate with Dr. Jamieson and pray for the speedy conversion of Dr. Syme. When Mr. Ellery remarked that the council of the society ought, if it is ever to do any good, to consist to a large extent of sceptics, or at any rate of persons with unbiassed minds, the supernaturalists arose and objected. Unless the members of the council would be content to learn from those who had become familiar with apparitions and their ways no practical result could possibly be achieved. One inquirer wished to know whether the society nt ended to go into the question of the existence of the soul, and after admitting that he had practised table-turning in hia youth, and drawing attention ¡ to the historical fact that Dr. Johnson believed in bli* Cocklane ghost, sadly confessed that he was still an agnostic. Another contributor to the discussion thought it absurd that inquirers should approach the examination of obscure phenomena without first collating at least a portion of the vast body of literature which already exists on the subject. None of the committee appeared overjoyed at the prospect of reading up a course of study ranging from the writings of Paracelaus to éhe marvellous history of Jack and the Beanstalk, and the sugges- tion was received with marked coolness. Perhaps the real practical scope of the society was besb indicated by a gentleman, who said, "When a spiritualiat comes along and says, ' I can call spirits from the vasty deep,' we will say ' Do it.' And when the forms appear we Bhall investigate them, and also tho conditions under which they are pro- duced." The following gentlemen were elected as mem- bers of the first council of the society, viz. :-Dr Jamieson, Dr. G. A. Syme, Dr. Mollison, Dr! Webster, Dr. Strong, Profesdor Laurie, Messrs. D. M'Alpine, James Smith, J. W. Hunt, H. W. Hunt, Oldfield, and A. L. Windsor. After receiving a large number of names for membership the meeting closed. 