Gems from the Schoolroom. Collection of Schoolboy Howlers. Miss A. G. Graham, of Anerley, has received a prize from the University Correspondent for the beat collection of schoolboy "howlers"; and they are printed in the current number of that periodical. Li an accompanying letter Miss Graham say.-.: When I learned one day the remarkable luct that4 Haied and Odessae translated Euripides/ I felt that the time had come for action; X was seized with a burn ing desire to share with others my joy in these facts ; and as a means of epread thc 'New Learning/ I began to col lect from examination papers and answers in class whatever would throw new light on old subjects. I have been some years at it now, and have pleasure in sending you the subjoined twelve extinct* from my ' gems.' They are all bona-fide answers, the spelling and punctuation being unchanged; in most cases I have still the original documents from which they are taken." Among " selected specimens " from Miss Graham and others, given by our con temporary, are the following: —— Divinity.—Esau was a man-who wrote fables and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottle of potash.—Explain the difference be tween the religious belief of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews believed in the syna gogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshipped in groves of oak; therefore the Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans.—Titus was a Roman Emperor— supposed to have written the Epistle to the Hebrews—his other name was Gates. English History.—Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his interference Ireland. "When he was in prison he wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress" ; and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea.—Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Cromwell, "Ah! if I had only served you as you have served me, I would not have been < deserted in iny old age.**—Wesley was the founder of the Weeleyan Chapel, who was after wards called Lord Wellington ; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken down lately.—Who was Henry III. ? A zealous supporter of the Church, and. died a Dissentry.—What is Divine Right? The liberty to do what yon like iu Church.— What is a Papal Bull? A scat of oow, onlv larger and does not give milk.—Pcrkin Warbcck raised a rebellion in the reign of Henry VIII. Ho said bo was the son of a prince, but he was really the son of respectable people. Definitions.—Phoenicians—The inventors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal—A native of Bechuona, in South Africa. Chimera—A thing used to take likenesses with. Water shed—A place in which boats are stored in winter. Gender—Is the way whereby we tell what sex a man is. Cynical.—A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immacu late—State of those who have passed the entrauoe examination at London University. Hydrostatics—Is when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. English Language and Literature.—Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endvmion, which brought on consumption.—The sonnet is a thiug that has in its first four lines two meteors (quartan) and in last six two meteors (turzetto).—Latin of the fourth period was introduced into tho language at the invention of Christianity 597 a.d., when the nobility and gentry spoke La tin-French and the Danes settled the throne for nearly 30 years.—Hamlet was very weak-minded. 3?oud of study. But was too weak to fulfil his duty which tho Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He profains madness, ho really only put it on but some people say he was mad. One day * * fight* when he was fighting tho kiug asked him if he would have something to drink & ho had put poisin in it & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs bis father and drinks tho poisin and dies.—What do you understand by the Augustan age in Ikiglish Literature P We mean the time of Cmdmon, who flourished and wrote "Comus" about tho time that St. Augustino converted the .people of Kent. 