Ki it.. ..Tri0. tlnsceñ -World." I ( A Society for INyeliïcnl Ketienrolu TUB I inaugural. meeting : of the Victorian Society fqr Psychical. Research .was, held pn Tuesday evening at the College of Pharmacy, Melbourne. Professor'Laurie rend the con- stitution which had . been drawn up, nnd which provided, ? shortly, that spiritualism, mesmerism, hypnotism, telepathy, clairvoy- ance, the appearance of disembodied spirits, and all kindred phenomena would he investi- gated by the society,' nnd thnt the fee for membership would be 10s Od annually. The professor intimated that the desire to partici- pate in occult manifestations was increasing daily muong the niasses of the people, and that it was highlydesirablethat the impostors nnd charlatans who had hitherto made a good thing out of the popular thirst for supernntual excitement should he superseded. The new society, it was vaguely hinted, countenanced no " spooks" which could not stand the application of strictly-scientific tests, and would ho happy to receive for membership the determined sceptic ns well ns thc whole-hearted heliover. und the ano- malous pei-son who describes himself as open to conviction. Perhaps tho most striking example of determined scepticism present was Dr. .Tam i eso n, the city health officer, who bluntly declared his conviction that irregular phenomena were mainly due to hallucination. . With his spectacles on his nose,.and an amused smile on his lips during the progress of the discussion, lie looked the personification of the scientific spirit, and the most' importunate phantom might well despair of ever obtaining a testimonial of credibility in that quarter. Dr. G. A. Syiue announced himself ns an inquirer with an unbiassed mind, and declared that he was ready to examine any of tho alleged pheno- mena that could ho produced. As for the people whose belief in table-turning and spirit-rapping could not bo shaken by any arguments whatsoever, they wero. present apparently by dozens, and as the elastic constitution of the society provides for the in vestigution of though t transference, esoteric Buddhism, the doctrines of Madame Blav- atsky,' mysticism, the use of the divining ' rod, and- magie necroinncy and the black urt genoriilly down to Popper s ghost and spriug . heeled .Tuck, it is probable that representa- tives of each of these cults were in attendance to silently commiserate with Dr. Jamieson and prav-for the speedy conversion of Dr. Syme. ? When Mr. Ellery remarked that the council of the society, ought, ¡fit ever to do any good, .to consist to a large extent of sceptics, or at any rate of persons with unbiassed minds, tho sunernaturalists arose and objected. Unless the members of the council would ho content to learn from those who had become familiar with apparitions nnd their ways, no practical result could possibly be achieved. One inquirer wished to know whether the society Intended to go into the question of the existence of the soul, and after admitting that he;had practised table-turning in his youth, and drawing attention to the historical fact that Dr. Johnson > believed in the Cocklano ghost, sadly confessed that he was still an agnostic. Auothercontributor to the discussion thought it absurd that inquirers should approach the examination of obscure phenomena without, first collating nt-least a portion of the vast body of literature which already exists on the subject. None of the committee appeared overjoyed ut tile prospect of rending up a course of study ranging from tho writings of Paracelsus to the marvellous history of Jack and thé Beanstalk, and the suggestion was received with marked coolness. Perhaps the real practical scope of the society was best indicated by a gentleman who said, " When ii spiritualist comes along and-says, 'I can call spirits from the vasty deep,'we will say 'Do it.' And when the forms : appear wo shall investigate them, and all tho conditions under which they are produced." '..'.' 