The Bights of Man. Sih, — Perhaps Mr. D. Gillies, or some one who can understand the gist of the effusive letter in your last issue on the above subject, will explain what tho mischief it's ail about, or where anyone of ithe {Writers in your columns he alludes to by name havo in. any way attacked ' tangfrghts of mui^'r-oii the contrary, we.ail have, undeayou red to advance tho well-being, happiness, and ] improvement '-^f our race, according to 1 our limited ' intelligence. It is not for 1 me to take up tho eauBe of thoso others 1 who havo been attacked and challenged by this, doughty champion of long sen tences, :hung ? together 'without sense or 1 reason ; but when he proclaims that the mere loafer has an equal interest in ad vancing the progress of our people, and the same power in electing the law maker, then every man, woman and child who is gifted with the thrift virtue will be on to and smother him. As my education did not include Euclid's axioms, or its ghosts, I don't understand the allusion ; but as there appeared such an adherence to the only ' one-man-one^ vote ' principle^ and no extra vote for the electors, fwho have really made the country what it 'is, my idea was to try and neutralise, as much as possible, what may soon be found an erigino detrimental to the well-boing of tho country. : Iu fact it is present now, which is shown by the constant necessity for 'moro revenue and more taxation. No Government would live one hour that endeavoured to retrench, and why is this so 1, The answer is, the majority —the want of thrift voters — insist on its being so,1 and this is what your correspondent and Mr. Geo. Martin (the latter, probably, without thought, as ho comes of an undoubtedly thrifty race) would endeavour to entail and multiply. In the name of the most uncommon kind of sense,' what has f charging labour unions with tho present deplorablo state of the colony ' to say to the question, except .the returning Members of Parliament rik reflecting their own unthrifty character 1 I am not aware of having ever been guilty of this ' shameless audacity ' for which (as I take it) your correspondent accuses me, neither did I ever assert, or even think, that the working classes were less honest than the propertied ones, although as a matter of fact tho majority of our criminals are drawn from the unthrifty class, principally from the drunkards and worst part of it. One would think to read your correspondent that he is tho only individual in the country that was blessed with a - numerous family, and that ?' all the responsibility of the nation rested on his shoulders. Why should Mr. Gillies introduce the fiscal question into this issue 1 What has it got to say to ' tho rights of man,' seo ing that half the thriftless M.P. votes were given for protection, and the conundrum asked may be compared with : If the fire-irons and grate cost a crown, what will a ton of coal come to 1 No doubt the ' Prank ' quoted is just the kind of drunken loafer Mr; Gillies advocates should have the . power of returning his kind to make hrivs for the country. I trust Mr. Gillies will not think I intend - any of this nintter as personal. In conclusion, I may be per mitted to remark that the ' discussing this question may make the real pro ducers — the backbone of the country more alive to their own interests than they have hitherto proved, and try to get rid of that misleading and mischievous outcry of 'one-man-one-rote.' — Yours, &c.;, C. T. BAGOT. 