NOVELIST. My Lady's Revenge. *- - By E. GARRISON JONES. CHAPTEB XXXIV. josra'e asvbmtcu. Captain S-t Redmond Carew statdf upon the steps, his band on the bell-knob. How o»n he go in and taoe poor Bets, waiting »nd hungering tot & right of her husband? How shall he break the terrible new* tc tier? It is the hardest trial of all the brave writer's Ufa, bathe knows it mart be done. ?Hg rings the bell with a dull aohe »t Ilia heart. The door oo«u lnrt*atly, ana behind the w-rvant who admit* him he sees Ban bet self, her wan little face all aglow with u pectsot joy. She rashes toward and oatohes hie hand. 11 Oh, Bedmoud, where is my 'husband? — and where is my child V He takes her hand And leads her back into thr drawing-room. ' Sit down, Bess,' he says, tenderly, ' and when yon are oalm I have something , to tell yon.' A «uddeD tenor leaps into her eyes, and b&r; lipo begsa to quiver. 'Whath ftr'ahe taUere. ''Waat HUB tip-icnca ? Who is dead ? My chiU?' Sir Redmond sits beside Her and takes botii her hands in his. 'Look at me, Bean,' ho say 8, 'and eea what a bravo, strong little woman you can be. No one is dead. Tour child w alive and K- ie Lord St. Aabyn.' Sbe draws a long breath of relief and bolts op at him with the old smile returning to Jur sojft eyes. 'Thsnb Heaves,1' she raormnrs. 'II they are both alive nothing very dreadful «an have happened. What is it, EedtmmiiH' to Lord 8*. Aubyn absent from Belaud? 'Be taostbe, or he wooid h&TC;^eome to me. Ton have sent for him, of aanrse, and ihe will soon be hewt Tell me all about 'it, fptcam.' The atptun look* at bar in infinite pity. How o*n he tall Her ? He starts to tip « teat, and thoughtfully paces up' and down tirerooro. Bess watches him with a nameless fear deeping to her face. She rises and teUovrs him, c&d; slides htt little hand Into bis. 'S^omoni, dear friend,' she whisptye. 'aflBtetfaing^cn-Ilile has happened; I Fee it inyoor fees. Tell me; anything is better then this suspense.' 'Bess,' he replies suddenly, ' trrd St. Anbyn ie marmfl again.' She looks at him in a dull, onoonipre Jreading way. 'Married!' ihs reptats. 'Why, Red mond, what can you sown f ' ' He thonght yoa were dead, Bbbb,' con itnmMthe eaptsin, desperately, 'and he has married Lady Cassandra Laodst.' ?? Married I My babfe (athars»naed 1' Her whitening lips frame the words, bat give forth no sound. The color drifts ?lowly from brow and oheek, and sbe drops like a blighted lily at the soldier's feet. Ha stoops and raises hn in hie arms just as Mre. Mackham enters. ' There she is,' tie says, as he lays Bess on the sofa. ' I have told her and it has jailed her. That villain shall answer for her mnrder. I'll go and find him bow.' He is striding from the room with a de tenninnn faoe, bat hit old Iriend follows him. ' Stop, Bedmond Carew,' aha saya ; ' re main where yon Me. If Lord St. Anbyn chooses to marry a new wife every week, you »rs not called upon to interfere. The law will look to him. Stay when yoa are, and halii the poor gutl ; she ib merely is a teint.' Ha (atoms in sollen eilenoe, anil they aet about reviving jmor Beat. The taak la a hard one. She lies tor hours in a deathliki swoon, and it is not until after a snrgeoi has been called in that they stwoeed inw storicg any eignajot ?nimation, At l«st tai hecfeo m* flufteri took to he» thin cheeks, and b«r eyas opap with ( frightened stare. ?' Married 1 My baby's father married V «ho repeats in a gasping whisper. Mra. Markham bepdi o$i'ty*, JtrokaOf her hair, and n;in# gently ; ' There, poor dear, yon moata'* tpjet jt « to heart. Be tntiared jron ware dead, yot Know.' ? . ' ' Yes, bot how ooald they forget me tc #oon V These words quiver from her white Jipe in gasping gobs and ebeia'«otmft»i wtth trittM peeping. gfr Bedjinon^ ''Oare'f ' loo^B on in 'Ppft'ipJl *?♦ S**'.' J» say* iat tafci j t**b4t man isjoot worth it. Ion «hpnld lie glad to be rid of him, the vfHflin-T Bew looks up wift Sfe't, stared eye*. 'Ho, S^mp^av* jjpinferpjieji, hpr»i«dly, 'I will not hear you condemn him. Lord 6t. Aubyn is not to blame. How should he know that I would oomebaok from the dead ! He had a right to marry JJady Cassandra. You know, Bsdmopd, they loved eiwb. other long before the marquis met me.' Mrs. Markham regards her with unfeigned amazement. ' But, my poor dear,' she says, 'Lord St. Anbyn will have to take you back, pf course, whan toe learns that you are alive.' ' I shall never oome between them again,' |h£ Bhju. 'Bat I must have my child.' 'Yon shsJ! bave him, Bass, I promise *»?' ? £»Bni &i; Uti Si. Aobyn say so? Did WgJ8iJ6Bi gttoood t Yog haw notlold BHBilliHaBBIttHMHi Tie y-it. Does be know thstl stil) liveT' ' Y.'b. hn. knowp it, B°m ' 1 Uudmoud,' Biiu B6ks, in a low voice, ' what did he say ? Did fas seem glad or eorry?' The cuvttl^n ehotB his terth hard; k\\* agony through all ihiR tryiDg eoenc is greater than anything the forsaken wife (eels. ' I think he was gtaa. Rags,' he answers truthfully. ' when I first tcld him. He looked glad, I thought. But it places him in a bad position, yoa see. I— I think he will leave England.' - ... Her lips quiver again, bot she dashes the tears from her eyes. . 'Yes, of oourse, he will leave England, and take Caseie with him. I can expect nothing else — though he did love me, Bed mood. He used to pet me no, and call me ?little toother.' I wfeh I could see him and tejl aim-how I feel. I don't bbun»bffi), and IfcapehawiN be very happy— to-aod ~I*4y Otssandra. I dull never lift myfiager to do them harm; but I mast ham my «bjld.' 'Yes, yon shall bne you child, Ben.' Ob this same February afternoon the (ate train wbk& entered the small town nearest to Aberduftno Lodge pat down a solitary passenger—a little maiden, closely wrapped and hooded, and carrying a small valise in ber hand. She stands an instant on the wet comfort less platform, looking with keen bright «yes; then, gathering her wind-tossed oloak more closely, she makes her way into the heart of the dreary little (own A public-house with the image of the braeen lion on Us ewayisg edgn aiteaote hei notice, and she walks fciiskly op the weather-beaten steps and in at the open door. ' Well, missie,' says the landlord, strug gling briskly to bis dumpy legs, ' what can I do for you?' ' I wish to know in what direction I oao find Aberdodno Lodge,' replies the little maid, speaking in broken English. ' Aberdadoo Lodge i' he repeatB, emerg ing from behind his bar. ' Well, my pretty miss, if you'll jnst step out I'll show you the old pinto. You can eee it plainly enough. And a regular old ghoBt-nettit ib.' He makes bis way to the door and Joate— Cor itis she— foEowsijim. 'That's the place, my dear,' he says, pointing one stubby finger towards a huge blaok pile on the summit of a sea-washed olifi. Josie looks at the grim old structure witb bright and f earlfiBB eyes. ' Now, oan you get me a carriage to drive up there 7' sbe aske presently. The landlord expresses his astonishment in a prolonged whisUe. ' Why, ttbst doeB it mean ?' he says — 'eo m&cy; pretty-iaced wotuen-ioilia going up there. What dees it mean ?— that's what I want to know. It was only two days ago that another lⅇ was here after a con veyance up to Abezdodno. I seat her up nod that was the last of it ; ebe did not oome back. Maybe Bluebeard lives up there in tham blaok turrets. Who knows? No, in deed, my dear, I can't think of soeh a thing as Bending yon to that old ghost-trap fijt this bear ; yea oan Btoy here at the Golden Lion to-night if you like, and I may manage it in the morning.' fie pots out bis iat hand to pat the giri'« ahoolfet. She inm bask with Saabing eysa, and almost trite into the tun of a yaong gentleman who has just coma Uf (fan 'Why, Dobbe, my goofl fellow, what's this}' demands the new-comer, before Josie recovers her bnaih sufficiently to ?peak. The dumpy landlord tarns round in evident consternation, ' Ah, it's yon, Sir Arthur, is it 1' he ones, in an apologetic voioe. 'Had no thonght of seeing you baek so «oon. Glad to see you, though, Sfa Arthur. Taere'e a good fire in the parlor. Come in, sir, pleaee.' Mr. Dobbs ignores the pretty, indignant damsel altogether, and directs hie attention solely to Sir Arthur, as he has been oalled; tat Sir Arthur huaaelf looks towards ber with admiring glances. ' I beg your pardon,' be ventures to say, altar some hesitation ; '* but if I oan be of any service to you, it will givs me pleasure.' Josie gives Sir Arthur one swift, sharp look., and eha tees at a glance that the man before ber is a gsDtisBHo. She makes b QOBintfartaty, that strikes the young baronel us being grace itadf. ?? I thank yoa, ntoosjeor,' she »eplias. 'I stopped here io maha inqomes abont Aber dotepLodfS. I woaldbegl«d*fIoouMget ao«criagato takemetothepaaoe. Tbat'eit, I believe, on the oliff then ?' Tbs landlord makes an attempt to speak, but she silences him with' a glance of her blazing eyes ; and Sir Arthur, inwardly thinking that he never saw such eyes before, makes answer : ' That is Aberdodno Lodge, and a dnary old place it is. Surely yon have so thonght of goiag there to-night ?' Josje hesitates a minute, glanoing oat into the misty gloom. ' I did think of it,' she answered, half to herec'iandhalf to Sir Arthur. ' My dear young lady,' says the gentle man, eameBtly, ' let me persuade yon to give over such a purpose. Yoa have no Sea what a Bteep, snpperv road H is, or what a ghostly old pile the lodge -b when yon arrive there. 1 was there yesterday myself. The old lodge is falling into rains, and is quite deserts'8. It seems a pity, for it is a grand old structure, dating back to the days ol the Normans. I wonder at Lord St. Aubyn's neglect.' 'It is quite deserted, you say?' ' Quite. Left to the mercy of the bats and owls, and the ghosts, so the country folk abont here have it.' J ' Not for such a long time, though, Sir j Arthur,' pats in the landlord. 'An old! ve«. it w Monday the lady got here, and «bfi tooh tiiw awiy.' ' 1 iidt! d !' K«i)nudB Sir Arthur. ' I was ooi aware the old place had been inhabited (ox ve&xs.;' ' Yes, Sir Arthur,' continues Mr. Dobbs, nngerly, ' the old man haB lived here tot years— one of Lord St. Aubyn's servants, I think. The old cbap never let on what he was— mum as a moose. He oaue dowr once in a while for wine ; but the lady came, and I sent her up there and she didn't come back. She sent word by the lad as she meant to stay all night, and take the old man away with her Best morning. He being her father, I suppose Bhe did, Sir Arthur, as we've not dapped eyes on the old 'an . dnoe.' ' And yoa have never heard of any other persons being seen at the lodge ?' asks Joaie, ber eyee lull of feverish interest. 'Mover a sool^nisB,' he replies, cheerfully 'only when Lord St. Aubyn oameonoe witb bis Biok wife, and that was years ago.' Josie gathers up ber oloak, and looks dubiously out into the gloomy afternoon; ' If you have a great, desire to see the old place,' puts in Sir Arthur, politely, ' and would like to go up to-morrow, my dogcart is here, and my man is at your sejvioe.' 'Thank yon, sir,' replies Josie, after a moment'.* thought, ' bat since I find the plnoe deserted, I may change my mind. I will not put yoa to farther trouble. Good She tripB away, end the two men look after her witb edmirins cyee. 'She don't belong to these part,' remnrko the landlord. Sir Arthur E&yn; nothing, but his lace be trayB bis curiosity and interest. He Btands irresolote as inst&nt;, cud tben strides down Ihs stecs. ' You are not goiug, Sir Arthur?' ' fes,' responds tho b.~.roaet, 'I'll be back in an hour. Keep my dinner bot.' He walks rapidly away, in eke same direc tion in which Josie has just disappeared — s circumstance which elicrte a sbrewd wink and shrug of the shoulders from the landlord, as lie makes hie way baok to the inn. Meanwhile Sir Arthur pursues his walk, and in a very few minuteo comes in sight of Josie, She is in the main street which runs through the town, and which commands a fine view of the tieadlande and of Aberdndno Lodge. She walks on briskly for some time, and Sir Arthur follows, keeping her in sight. ' Now, I c-hould like to know,' he thinks, ?' who she is, and what che wants at such a £l&oe; as Aberdudno?' He slackens his paoa, for Josie has paused in her brisk wslk sad el:.nt-s irresolute, with her c-es fired upon the old iedgfi. For the space of a moment eh': M-j^rs, then strikes boldly out into the eeijCv tliu road winding apweiia to the lodre oj tb'j bummit of tb' cliff,-— ? ??--?? ' At last ehe enters the sp.i. ' \ -3«irk, and booc lands before the archtJ iz.iLace ol Ihst Ludno Lodge. As she Iriokd r.p at the black irrets piercing the leadcrj cfcy, and at the ii'cat, ponderous, glcoiny pile, a strange hrill, half of terror, hali cf expectation, stirs jar Bonl. ' I oan't reBt until I have explored every iorner in this ghostly clS place,' sbe mur noc8, 'and it is an awful ihing to do; tut it mast be done, and I'll begin to-night. As i first step, though, 1 ought, to bs sure that Iberdudno Lodge is really deserted.' She turns deliberately snd ascends the itone steps. There is u broken knocker fit ;he great door, and she pounds it with great rigor. Sir Arthur watches hrr from below in jreathless amazement, bat no one answers from within. Josie, having satisfied herself thatjier oinunone will not be anEv.-.ced, deacsaflfithe -teps again and ciakeB brrr way .sound the rase at the buildiog. Prudently Bhe comes mto the courtyard at the back, Bnd npon the little shod v.'hcxn Cassandra Lauder dis :overed poor old Seymour engaged in epHt siagfirewood. She notioes an axe lying near, and ?plintete of white wood newly split, and reasons that the landlord's story reset be true. She wanders along, examining everything «b shegoeB, till she comes to a side door in a remote wing. Almost mechanioally she puts mt ber hand and tries the knob. It yields, ind the door opens. She oan sec a dark, narrow corridor beyond. One moment she stands irresolute, (hen she enters boldly. The corridor tans on for a little spate, when another door is revealed and this door ?he girl also opens. An unpleasant odor ?ila|es her nostrils, and a oreeping chill carates the very blood in her veins. She '.iiase* again for a minute andiben advances to the centre of the room. There is a Meared window, which admito hot a dim light, and it takes some little time to Mcastom her eyes to the daxfcmas. Wfcen sheaan flee,-ehe espies a table, on whkb uu 1-ottlesanda glaas, and as she turns Jbe*e holds a conoh, and stretched opon it a human figure. She otters a sodden ory and staggers back, gasping in ffaa fool atmo sphere. Sir Atthox, wi»o has followed her onpewseived, catobes and sappoits ber. She tarns pn him witb a sharp movement and shakes herself free of bis asms. 'Ah, it is yoa, sir,' she ntnktks, whsn she has seen hie face, « Too havelollowea met' 'I have followed1 yon,' replies Sir Arthur, his (ace slowly whitenine w he oatohes aieht oi that ghastly Ague on tiie coaeb, ' be caase I eould not beat to see you Blone In the name o! Heaven, what brings yoo here?' Josie points towardfl the flgare on the coaoh. 'To nnravel a mystery,' she answers. ' of which that may be the beginning. I am sorry yoa bare been so rode as to follow me here, sir. Why do yoa stare at me so f HaasaHMKMiHBBMBWMHBflBWBiBiBBl (0 Vip.i tfin, if I irmy.' Jonp tfveH him one swift glanoe an? answer/' : ' Well, I t»-ink T will tru«t you; no harm can come of it. Did yoa ever happen, sir. t' hear of Mr. Bothwell, an ironaaater, wbn was missing?' ' The man wbo disappeared en rays teriously from London some time since. ' ' The same, sir.' 11 Y«8, 1 was personally known to him.' Josie turnB her bright faoe full upon him. ' Mr. Bothwell is my father,' she says, ' and I bave reason to believe that a olae to the mystery of his disappearance ma; be found at this place.' 'Here)— at this placet1' Sir Arthir ejaculates. ' And you have come here -. ; alone?' 'YeB,' answers Josie, drawing neRirt '.-?? the conch ;' but I find death. I wish t'-- man bad lived ; be might have tolu vu something: He cannot have been dead long.' 'Not more than two or three -iaj=,' responded the baronet, turning {torn the dead faoe of old Seymour with a shudder. Josie proceeds to examine the table, and Sir Arthur joins her. On it are a candle, I burned down to ths socket, two bottles of wine, one with the cork looser-ed,& glasB auu j part of a loaf. 'The poor old man's last supper,' re mards the baronet. ' He must have h??u Lord St. Aubyn'a servant. Wo. hti btti^r go now and report what we ba^e discovered at the village.' ' Not yet,' seyn Joeie, decidedly. ' Ycu, sir, can go if you pl«aee.' She ctoeeea the room to another door! which she opens and goes into a Etrrow coy. ridor beyond. Sir Arthur follows ber. ' If yon will go,' he Bays, ' you shall aoJ go alone.' They proceed along the resounding cor ridor till they come npon an open tr&p-door;, wbioh reveals a stairway winding downward. Josie draws near and looks into ths yavrnirf^ abyss. 'All these old hoases bave vaults, I be lieve?' sbe remarks. [To bi CoHnro*i-j In the United States there are 2,269 breweries, which produce annually 460,852,400 gallons, or over Beven gallons per head. In Germany there are 23,940 breweries, which now produce annually 900,000,000 gallons, or over 20 gallons per head. In Great Britain tbere are 26. 21 4 breweries, producing annually 1,050,000.000 gallons or over 30 gal lons per head. Her Majesty (according to Laberchoure) is directly for the Royal effigy upon the new coins, as she chose it from several designs that were submitted to her. I must gay that never was there a more remarkable inatanct of modesty. It is a curious fact that tbe most srtiEtic English coius are those of Olivei Cromwell. T.he abuse of alcolirj. tobacco, upium, au-i qni.'ii'.s seriously .'.iiuels ice siVLi, Lmt, fr* h^r ii()t hw.u cjiihiiiereti lin'.A? u- liswi; hiicb influence. The u'ri;.iti'i!, of Kiissian tea mtr cliants, M. iloiohanull, has, however, been seeking treatment in Paris for weakness of vision induced by the prolonged practice of tea-tasting. Herrings are a puzzling fish. Twenty - five years ago they suddenly and entirely disappeared from tbe Joederen, one of th'. richest of Norwegian fishing grounds, and did not appear again till last month, when enormous sboalt of them turned up at the same Bpots tbere as in former years. TJhe sinking 'of artesian wells in desert places near the coast of Tunis lias produced a marvellous effect in a short period of sis months. The land becomes fruitful as booh :u it is watered, and produces abundant aud valuable crops. Three wells ia one district suffice to irrigate 7,500 acres of land. An experiment some time since made to ascertain the extreme thinness which it wag possible to obtain in rolled iron showed, as the result, a sheet of abi-ut t,he substance ni writing-paper — iu fact, 150 sheets would be required to constitute oue inch of substance. Cycling has taken a greater hold ..t America than many people perhaps imagine. There are no fewer than 400,000 cyclists, and 18,000 persons are employed in the maun. facture and repair of cycles. The first dukes were Edward, the HLnck Prince, as Duke of Cornwall, aud John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster. The title wag extinct in the reign of Elizabeth, and till James I. mode VUlien Duke of Bucking ham. An Astronomical Puzzle. — us« oi the most mysterious and remarkable of the changes witnessed in the solar system is the variation in the brightness of Jupiter's moons. Two of the four satellites occasionally cross the planet's disk as dark objects, although their sunny sides are presented to us, aud should appear no less brilliantly illuminated than the planet itself. The third and fourth satellites often make these dark transits, and the first is sometimes seen as a brown object, but the second has never been noticod other, wise than ss a bright disk. During recent months observations have been made of quite a number of these dark transits of the fourth satellite, and a very few of the third, bur r!ie cause of the phenomenon remains without satisfactory explanation. Something New.— We are indebted to Hi. Boss, an Irishman, for tbe introduction of a new system of lighting, which ie said to combine economy witb convenience and safety. It is designed principally for use in villages beyond the reach of gas, the illum inant being rock oil of any description or quality. This is distributed over the house by means of pipes, while a forced air current,' which is obtained by a compression driven by a weight, ensures practically perfect combustion. The cost of this new method of lighting is estimated at one-third that of gas, whilst its illuminating power leaves nothing to be desired. Cleaning Wall Papers.-Wtb slump of ?tiff dough rub the wall gently downward, taking the length of the arm at every stroke. As tbe dough blackens cut the soiled part off. Don't cross the paper or go up. Some expensive paper will not clean this way, so test a small piece in an obscure corner. The fastest steamer in the world runs I from Liverpool to the Isle of Man. She is named Queen Victoria, and ber beat record for a trip show* * f peed of 26.62 miles «a I hour _ ... 