ST. JOHN'S OHUROH. CONFIRMATION SERVICE. On Snnday morning the Bishop of Bal blarat (Dr. Thornton) administered the rite of confirmation to 31 candidates. 11 Imnale and 20 female, at St. John's Church of England. The service, which was con ducted by the Bishop, assisted by thie incum hefit of the church, the Rev.R. Thwaites,was most impressive and was largely attended. It commenced with tile office for the cele bration of Holy Communion, with which the order of confirmation was iuterwoveon. The candidates wdre pi'esented by the vicar, who also acted as the bishop's chaplain. His Lordship preachid fiom St. John zi. and 9--" The water that was madd wine." Froni this to.Lit thd Bishop g~rve a lucid and interesting eiposltiori of the fiisat miracle of our Lord's ninistry, which, he said, was.inaugurated liy his bapltisni and confirmation. He was baptized in the water by St; John tle Balptist and was then confirnied by tlse descent upon him of the Holy Spirit of God. TIe SoIt of God, who, at the marriage in Cana of Galilee, by turning water into wine, performed the mirnaole to:which the teit referred, was the great conjurer of the universne, and ever transformed the nature of natural things, as he did when during his earthly minis. try he converted swater into rwine and five loaves and two small fishes into food sufficient for a multitudle of people. The pt eacher forcibly comhbated the Strausian ex planation of this miracle, which, as part of the German rationalistic system, explained it away by ascribing it to trickery or making it the effect of a purely natural cause. The act of turning the water into wine was a miracle, and moreover was the first miracle of our Lord's ministry. It was to be noted that Christ inaugurated his ministry by his presence at a social function. Plainly to his. mind self-sacrifice did not spell aseticlism. He was of all men the most self-sacrificing, but was the reverse of an ascetic. To John the Baptist the people went out, but Jesus came to the people Christ was tim great conjurer who operated ii the moral sphere. He clianged the nature and tlihe actions of mnen, elevating what was smtll and paltry into the rioble and exalted. The joys of earth were paltry in themselves, hut lwhen enjoyed under the influence of Godil's blessing became celestial rapture. Christ changed sinners into saints andt that was the greatest act of his con juring, one which could be performed by no earthly power or undler no earthly influence. No teaching, tno system of eleivated ethics, no self-improvement could do what Christ did by the exercise of his power. The sacraments and ordinances of the church were in themselves weak and watery until they received the touch of Christ which gave them the strength and the power of wine. That touch made baptism the sacrament of regeneration, made the laying on of hands in confirmation the mediumn for the conveyance of the gift of the Holy Ghost, and in ifoly Communion gave to the believing recipient tie body atitd blood of Christ. Confirmation was no mere pretty spectacle in which the confirrrees publicly made good resolves, hut in its essence was theconveyance of the gift of the Holy Ghost to Christian. By the power of the Holy Ghost the weak resolutions of the con firmeea were transformted into firm resolves of holy living, and in confirmation strenRth to carry out those resolves was given. The Ilishop concluded with an earnest appeal to those who were about to be confirmed and receive their first communion. The act of confirmation followed the sermon and subh. sequently the newly confirmed, with many others, received Holy Communioni. 