The Shadow. I 'I like tbo loentien,' said Miss Patty Lockland. ' Delicious s a air, fine vicwand a bathing bouse attached to tbo premises. To fcc sure the house is small, but then tho rent is proportionately low. The furnituro IB old- fashioned and scanty, but that makeB hire wbnt I wnnt fiom Sibbcsport. Girls, what do you think ?' Lucy Barr, Miss Lochlnnd's eldest niece, hesitated a little. ' Isn't it rstlier dull, Aunt Patty?' ' Cnn't expect high carnival in the country, my dear. \Ve came here for Dotty's health, not for society.' Dotty lieraelf — ' short ' for Dorothy — clung close to Patty's arm. ' Don't you think the sea makes an awful ronring, Aunt Patty?' whispered she. 'It's the nature of the sea, my dear. Here, you fellow with the key,' to a stunted, stout-built man who wns attending the party over tho premises, ' you inny tell the ngent I'll take the plnce for one year.' ' Well, ma'am, just as you please,' said Milo Henney, twisting hiB head mysteriously around. 11 But it ain't every one aB would care to take Shore Cottage.' ' Why not?' sharply demanded Miss !Lockland. Ilenney twiBtcd liis head Btill more solemnly. ' I'm a poor, sea-faring man, ma'am, with my livin' to get,' said be, 'nnd it ain't for me to be a-runuin' down the folk's property. But the truth is the truth, and 1 ain't one to see folks imposed upon. No, that I ain't.' ' Man alive I why don't you speak out and have done with it?' said Miss Locklund. ' What ails the property ? Cellar damp I' 'No'm. 'Taint that.' 'Roof leaky?' ' Pretty tol'ablc sound, ao far's I know,' grunted Kcnney. ' Then what ie there against the house ?' ' Haunted, ma'am I' Bald tbo sailor, : dropping ' his voice to a sepulchral ca dence. ' Fiddlesticks I' shrieked Miss Lockland. ' Do you you take me for a baby or nursery, maid?' ' Every one'll tell you the same atory, ma'am,' doggedly persisted Milo. 'The roan as built tbo cottage had two wives, savin' the young ladies' presence, ma'am. One of 'em he kept tore, and 't other lived in groat style in the city. And the one ns lived here died awful sudden. Folks say she was poisoned. They buried her down in the cemetery beyond them evergreens — and she walks every moonlight night.' . ' Wnlks, does sho?' said Miss Lockland. ' I'll make her walk livelier than ever she did before if I come across one of her prome nades.' ' Ah, but you . never saw .» ghost ma'am.' ? ' Did you?' demanded Miss Lockland, turning sharply upon him. ' Many a time, ma'am, at the full of the moon, when I've been coming in with my fishing-smack, flutterin' past the empty windows, ma'am, till it has made my blood run cold.' ' Then you bnven't the common sense I gave you credit for,' said Miss Loci: land. ' And I ain't the only one as has seen the White Shadow, ma'am. There's old Ned Stapleton, ma'am — ' 'There, there,' said Miss Lockland, im peratively silencing him. 'My girls' eyes are twice their regulntlon Bize alrendy, Tell the ngent exactly what I said — thnt I'll take Shore Cottngo for a year. As for tho ghosts, they turn out when I turn in, or I'll know the reason why. And there's one indisput able advantage in ghosts — they mako rent cheap.' Aud accordingly, just one week from that bright September afternoon, Miss Patty Lockland sat knitting by the twilight fire in the low-ceiled drawirg-ioom ot Shore Cot tage,' whoso windows looked' but upon the trembling waves, with a red crescent moon hanging low in the horizon. ??nils is wnat lean snug,- saiu mips rany, as Nora the red-armed maid-of-nll- work, brought in tho tea-tray.' ' Do you think so, aunt?' said Dottie, shivering n little. ' What a strange noise that is 1 I'm sure some one is tapping nt tho window.' 'It's only tho trails of ivy growing around that north casement, my dear,' said Aunt Patty, calmly. ' I must trim it to-morrow n little. It's picturesque, but inconveni ent.' ?' Please, ma'am,' said Nora, edging up closer to tho table nnd tho firelight, ' is it - true about the ghosts?' ' It's only n pnek of nonsense, Noro,' said Hiss Lockland, 'and you're a goose for listen ing to it.' ' But that was dreadful noises about the plnce last night, mem,' persisted Nora. ; 'Shutters creaking and old Kenny's.; dogs barking — that's all,' said Miss Lock land. ' Aunt Patty,' cried Lucy, ' what is thai white thing down under the bill ? It looks like an arm beckoning I' ; ; ' Mist, my dear, rising out of the valley.' ' No, but the other white thing; Look I look 1 it's moving I'' Nora uttered an eldritch bowl' and got behind lier mistress. Lucy and Dottie clung close together. ' You geese I' cried Aunt Patty, with a -contagions peel of laughter, 'it's old Renny's white cow coming home to be milked. Look for yourselves if you don't believe it.' ' Be the bones of the bowly St. Patrick, It's thnt aud notliin' more I' said Nora. And she wont back to her kit'ebeu with re newed courago, while Lucy and Dotty con fessed how foolishly credulous they had been. ' Of course' they aro no such things as real ghosts,' said Lucy. '? But a person can't help being nervous,' jaid Dotty. '? You never would have thought of the thing if it hadn't been forold ltennoy,' said Aunt Patty. ' I wish he had held his ridicU. Ions tongue I' But in the middle of the night Aunt Patty bersolf wns roused by a sound that was neitucr creating snutters, tapping ivy nor mice scuttling across the floor before the rush of some avenging cat. '? It's just like nn iron chain rattling in tho hall beyond,' said Aunt Patty, sitting up in bed, nnil turn ing back the frill of her night cup from her enr, in order that she might the better I stcn. 'There it goes again. I must look into this business.' To spring out of bed and light her night lamp wns the work of but one second — to wrap herself in tho folds of n voluminous pray flannel dressing-gown wns another, nnd Miss Lockland bounccd out into tho ball. As she opened the door the draught blowout the light, but by the starlight sho could joe, at tho t other end of Jthe entry, n tall, whito figure slowly advancing toward ' Who are you ?' valorously demanded Aunt Patty. And a dismal groan replied. ' What kind of an answer is that?' cried Aunt Patty. But only a second groan could oho elicit. ' Come I' said Aunt Patty, ' I mean to be At the bottom of this thing.' And instead of retreating in a paroxysm of blind terror, as the sepulchral visitant evi dently expected she would do, the resolute spinster marched straight up to it, seized it by the shoulders, nnd shook it till its teeth rattled in its hend equal to the iron chain. ' Don't e-e, now I Let a fellow alone 1 roared the ghost, in vain endeavoring', to wriggle out of Miss Patty's iron grasp. ' I know you,' said Miss Patty, knocking off tho whito wig with a deft motion of her left elbow. ' I've seen thnt red shock of h»ir before I You're Milo ftenney's eldcBt ?' Not until you tell ine what all this mat qucrading nonsense is for.' 'It wns dnd,' reluctantly confessed th» boy. ' ITe made me 1 Ho didn't want tho Shore Cottage to be let.' 'And why not? No— you needn't squirm nbout— you can't get away. ? ' Why npt ? I say, unless you prefer answering before ? magistrate.' '? Because, whined the boy, 'the cellar was bandy to store away tho whisky nnd tobacco the Lively Nancy brought every three weeks. And dad he has n part share in tho smug glin' business, nnd the ghost was the only thing to keep tho folks away. Now, como I Lemme go, Isay 1' ' Yes, I'll let you go for to night,' laid Aunt l'atty. ' Biit this isn't the end of the affair, by nny means.' ' You wouldn't be so bnrd on poor folks, as to complnln on us I' cried the boy. Dad'li most murderme.' ' I'll do precisely as I please,' said Miss Lockland. The next day she wnlked down to Milo Renney's fishing-cabin, nnd hnd n long talk with him— the upshot of this was the ghost of Shore Cottage wns finally exorcisod. No more mysterious sights and sounds disturbed the dwellers beneath its peaceful roof. Even Nora began to go up and down the long entries at twilight without a lamp, and Dotty's roses came bnck once more, while Lucy laughed at her former fear. But Aunt Lockland nnd Milo Reriney kept their secret. The smuggling business bad come to an un timely end, and tho white ehadow bad von ished forever more. 