. Departure or Jlr. V. Jones..,! Ma". Pebc* JONES, who lias for the past four years occupied the position of Marnier of the English, Beo'ttiflh, and' Australian' Chartered' Bantc'ht'ce.mad now having resigned liin connection with tlie Buuk is leaving the distriot,. was on- ?Tne»day/ovomnjr i entertained by his friends and made the recipient of a puree of sovereigns.' The gathering took place at wightman'g Hotel,' and notwithstanding the inale menoy of the weather the long-room was filled with townspeople! ' ' 1 The MAYOB (Mr. James 'Barrie) . presided, and explained that the jfathenug hud been hurriedly urrarigod Tn order'to give an opportunity tdVo^ftirAl gentlemen to be present., who would not be able to attend wore'it any loiigor delayed. . .A.' bnuinber of gentlemen wore unable to be present that evening, and the following had scut apologies -MeHsrs. Jfl. Jotioh, l'.M.', )S. Garrard, GK * W/jWest, H. D. M'L/oiliind,' ~W. A.. Johnston (Alstonville), T. Arm BtrpuglL.R., Bryea (Granuaile), Rybinsqn, ILnmp diune (Casino),* and E. Kingnford.'' Ho -also afldetli that an important meeting to bo held that night' would prevent a number of; those present from stay- ' iug vory long. He felt' flattered at being called on \ tuoqpupjj tho position,he did. In sayipggood-bjro .there 'was nlways a" oertain foeliug^of regret'-'uVour minds, espocinlly when it was to ono wo had' lfiiirntkl to bstaom,' arid overyiine who'icumo ill !cch taot; with JUr.' Jones'and his aourtoous rwuy of receiving people, must regret his departuro from 'Lismore. .After .four years service awongst.us, 'Mr. Jones had soeu .fit to sever his /connection wirh tho institution he had beeu connected with. He did this of his own acoord, and those whom ho luid beeu serving spoke in as high terms of his zeal and integ rity,.as. any. ,tnuji. oould wish, and ( regretted, his retirement. Four'years residence iu Lisinoro must; have created friendships which Mr. Jones would: regret to sever, for they!wore :spent'at a timo wheu in one's life they could not be formed without' .forming "warm feelings and/associations for thoao with whom oue caroo in contactl Tlio occasion jiad been thought most fitting by his friends to mtiko him a present; ,as .a small, tvkon .of their,reateom and; regard, ifnd ho was'pleased to soo no many''around the table to wish him '. God speed " on his joumoy. -When ho weiit forth in tho, world;,again lio could not but look buck with pleasure .to that evening and his stny in Lismore. They did not say he had taken a distinguished positiorf in. public Jifo,.but .whatever : lie had to do had been dono with goodwill and a willingness .- they --. all ;,? admired,.., and ,-they felt they wore losing ono who went about in anunosten tatinua^ax ,^oing"whatj jiu. uquld. fl.l\vays willing,to help forward'iu'his. ojvn way .everything for the welfare of the town mid district.^ Aij pooa «ion ;"\iK^) tto| pri5s6nt-did not/ instliojp^sonuo'jpf tho recipient, demandT' any 'eulogy", "becaune"th& In ghost was KtheirA proaeuuo ;there, and without saying more of the gathering,^ he* '.thought4 it' 'fairly rcpresentntivoof thc-intelligeiico tif Lismore. Ho trusted';: their,friend in < going out into tho world andiiforming vnew (associations would bo as fortu nate. iM. he had; been in Lismore, and on loaving have such a gatheriug.as thatrprbsent to wish liitn good-bye. He ^felt he would be djjing an un pleaakmf^BQg fjkayCSgj moi'V'than that" 'they ~highly'o>itdeiriod'liim and wia'h'ed.'him all1 the mrosperity iai >lif<) jhtj-deaeryas. pif 'hisjbhbrgy were*exew>lsed ifi' suoh - li '-wayaa it-was hcAs'thoy hud,no feat but that that! would bS the result of his efforts., jj. lawmaking ;tUe presentation (a purse of sovereigns) ho felt .very, pleased to have tho honor of doinir it. and he asked .them to_obttrg;a,their; gla8M8 »nff feinfe;t&e; health of Mr. 5 1 Dr.',XV "'BiwNsrMN, who app'oared' to" be indis-. posed; ' addedpa few words! Although far from, well arid' Wi'rcoly.'ablo to come, he managed to get: dowhi'ahd 'wa»''lvbry: pleased toi be present to bear, testimony to the worth of'Mr. Jones. As the oliaimraohatl said it-wuirnlways regretfulTond'sor-', rowfal ! to'-'Bay good-bye. ' They woro ilosing one whom they .might never meet again, but they hoped they : would havo_ the. good fortune at somo future! time to welcome .hiii in Lismore. ; They all wished; him success in anything he might enter. _ _He had; had A Jgfoat'ifrariy'opportunities ?! of being coroieoted witli 'Mr'.'Jonca ii -some ' of 'what 'woflld perhaps bo ' 'tenned'.'l'tho : frivolous raatitutionB. The Jookeyi': Clubwi would- ' bo" very soiTy to lose1 his .1 services,?; 'and not - only, that but the Hospital'and1 Sohool of Arts, 'institutions in which ho took an interest. In anything for the bone/it of the plsoe he1assisted, and _thoy Were very sorry to; lose him1'evenionly for a-time,;and hoped whether thoy.!saw ? him' again or not, that every success, whioh he so richly deserved, would bo hiB share. Tho.tufuit^was drunk with musical-honora- ^ Mr.;, JojfES:briofly, .roturued tliankfii ( ?,Afte4 being four years anwjig them it. so ^happened that he re signed ^is position'and was leaviug tho service, and ho had that,day reaei'ved letters, fijjm the head office acknowledging jifith regrpt his resignation. As re gards leaving tlib.IUohiuonti, ho 'foft Lismore with very great rogrotsV.'; He came here four years ago a perfect stranger, knowing lio onej but ever since he had-been .. hero he^hnd. . beeni flho^n^ther greatest kindness.''.'More' ho could:n6t'thon<&ay; ;. iliow he feltthey knew* .and lie again thankod them for the kindness they had shown jiiui thut evening. s Dr.S^'SEKOTEi^e^d'itwaHroutjtonrary'in^TyTshing " Gfod*s'j>edd'*' to" tlie departing guos't', to Woloomo tho "'coming, 'and' he proposed tho health of Mr. GiMw.'Mr. .Tones' successor."" If Jootuteps of his predecessor there was no doubt he would become as great and general a'favourito ub Mr Jones, and if' it was bin fortune i-when lie hud to leave to get such an expression of opinion froiii his friends and residents ? generally as was given that' night, he did not think he would have oausp to re-! gret hia BtayUn Lismore:1' Ho oaitno' here'iu de pressed times, and although it was not for the speaker to toll him about banking business, the dis trict' at the' present time was somewhat' under a cloud; but; aH had been BAidi" tho clouds. would Toll by." .. *'.! .-"??? ?? Mr.' G ID us, in returning thanks, said .'lie feltf'he had 'an uphill' task before him: to umake isuch! friends as Mr. Jones had,'buti ifho suoooededini making as many he would bo very woll satisfied. Those taking part in tho, Hospital meeting were; obliged'at thiystage 'to leard',* but'"thb'» majority ro muined.beliind for u. ,ohat.( 1 j ;,. < 1 ;i M . l > NoTiPioATibN OF RESUMPTION OP LAND FOB ROAM.-Notioo is given that'tho! lunds,requirod for roads are resumed, as' follows: For Parts of road from. the.Cowlong roadi to Ponroo's (Creek, ibutqoeu tho south boundary of J.-Wilson's 100 acres, portion No. 188, parish of Tuokorobil, and tlio north boun dary of .L. Jamieson's (now >Oommorcial Banking Company's) 08 acres 3 roods, o.p. portion No. 304, parish of Lismore, county " of-Rous,-partly in liou of part of road confirmed in Governnaent ,G!oM«o of 29th Muroh,' 1889, passing throiigh 'land* odoiipiod by Jolih Newberry, E. J. Layin, and L. Jatnibaon. Dpviatiqh\in*pii'rt of road "'from Blakebrook to! Lis-; more;'1 botwoen the' north' boundary-,of T. Atidn'a (now. Bank of New South Wales') 78 ^aoroa, o.p. portion No.'21,* and; the bridge over BooriejCroek,' at eiifitenr- Jjuundary of A. Chooko's\\(now M, Qar rard'a) , 201 iucrea,; portion Noi 6; panaH of Blake brook, ioounty, of Sous ; partly ,within ,lha Mu'nioi- ' pality of Liamoro,-partly in lion of parts of (road; confirmed in Government Gatclle of 17th Juno, 1873fpMajnfe-tHKugtriand occupiod'By O/Mnoller,! Finoh and. "Wornham", andrM. Garrnrdi For dovi-. ati'j^n in'roadbutwean. Oasiuo, and Guriduriinba, at1 Bu'gden's^Hilljcrparish fot *' iSouth«. Gundunmba, county of Rous, passing through land oooupidd by M. Bpgdon and .E3..Flaherty. . .varl (, ,Tho Sydney Quarter Sessiona had to bo adjournod until next'day on acoount of- tho iudlspositibiijof jJudge JFitahardingo, 