In the Grasp of an Iron Hand. (COMPETITION TALE.) A Story of a Lawyer's Queer Christmas Client. As I daresay you ai'o all well aware, the pretty little town , of- Bulli, situated in a ccal-produeiiig district of consider able importance, was brought. into un- uesuauiu prominence some lew years ago by the terrible mining disaster, through which some 70 miners were deprived of their right to grub under the surface of the earth, and wero despatched hurriedly to " that bourne from "tVhenco no traveller returns." -Its name ha? been kept green in the memory of many to this day on ac count of .tho uncertainty surrounding the distribution of the huge fund sul scribed. by a sympathetic and generous public towards tho alleviation of the immediate nocd of the widows and orphans called into existence by the disaster. But I am not going to tell you much of this little town of Bulli, which rests under the shadow of high and thickly-wooded hills on the south coast, and whose edges are laved with the waves of the restless ocean. All I have-to say about this place is -that'on' a Christmas Eve some years ago the lasttrain through from ICiamatoSydney pulled into the station, and tho solitary passenger, who had been waiting a good half hour, had barely time to jump into an empty smoking carriage before the train was in motion again. He was a queer-looking' little man, this passenger, and he looked queerer still when lie removed his hat-, display ing his shiny bald head, adjusted his spectacles and settled himself for the comfortablo perusal of a book. But he did not road much, for tho light in tho carriage was bad, and the book, printed in very small type, was not so interesting as lie had supposed. So he laid it aside and tried to doze, but after nearly dislocating his neck several times, and starting up just in time to prevent himself from falling off the seat to the floor twice, he gave this up and decided to have a smoke. He carefully filled his pipe from a peculiar little pouch, and then made the annoying discovery that he had no matches. He was not de prived of his smoke however, for drawing a newspaper from his pocket, he tore a piece oil' and obtained a light from the carriage lamp and soon had a cloud blowing. Mr. Westmore (that was his name) was a lawyer, and had been down at Bulli on some business. He was now returning to Sydney intent on spend ing his Christmas at his own fireside. But this was not to be. He had just got well into an account of a judge's Eummini? un in a nrominent embezzle- ment case when he was violently thrown forward, his head striking the opposite side of the carriage with such force as to take his senses away. When he returned to consciousness he was in the arms of a guard, who in quired : " Much hurt, sir?" "Ho, I think not," replied the little man as he got on to his feet and felt himself all over very carefully. " How did it happen ?" " Blest if I know, sir ; I haven't had time to find out yet. I only got as far as your carriage, and when I saw you I stayed, trying to bring you round." "Is the carriage I was in much damaged 1" " No." " Then I wish you would try to find a little black bag which was in tho rack. There is a flask of spirits in it, and I think a dram would do me good." The guard returned with the desired article just as the engine-driver came up. " There's a thundoring big lump of rock slipped dow.n from the side of tho cutting right across the rail," ho re marked, addressing tho guard. "And Jimmy has broken his arm." "Good heavons ! " ejaculated Mr. Westmore. "Take this drop of brandy to him, my good man — and have some yourself, if there is enough." " Thank ee," said the driver, and hurried off. "Is anyone else hurt? " asked Mr. Westmore of the guard. "No, good luck; and there was only one woman passenger on the trip so far." " But I don't see them anywhere. Where are they ? " " As soon as they got themselves together a bit they made off for a hotel about three miles away. There was only a few of 'em." " And what am I to do. I suppose we cannot go on ? " " Go on ! " exclaimed the driver, who returned at this moment. " Well, I should say not. The engine and two of the carriages are off the road, and there are a few tons of rocks and stuff on the road. We can go on if wo like to walk." Then, addressing the guard, he continued : " You had better tramp back and telegraph of the smash." " AreHhere any houses near?" Mr. Westmore asked. " There's only one — belongs to a man named Morris, a queer fish. It's about a quarter of a mile away, I should think." " I wonder if he has any company to-night ?! This is Christmas Eve, you know, and a i' :ce, pleasant Christmas Eve it is," he added to himself. "Well," said the guard, "I don'o think he'll have anybody there. He's an unmarried man, and thoro's only a housekeeper and another servant in the house." " I think I will put his hospitality to the test." After receiving some directions con cerning the road to be taken, Mr. Westmore set out. He was not a fast walker at any time, for his short legs had enough to do to support his fat body without moving at any great rate. The house was further off than he had been given to understand, but he kept on, and presently came to a large one-storeyed building, surrounded by thick trees. Two large dogs heard him coming and bounded down to tho gate, growling uninvitingly when he put his hand on the latch. They did not seem very ferocious, and after a little hesitation Mr. Westmore ventured inside, and the dogs escorted him up to the front door. He knocked timidly at first, then louder, and then louder still, and presently had the satisfaction of hear ing someone coming along tho hall. The door was opened and he was bidden to enter. He did so, and in the dark stepped very nearly into tho arms of a mailed figure which stood just inside tho door. It was Mr. Morris who had an swered the knock, and to him Mr. Westmore hastened to explain who he was and why he had eome. Mr Morris, who had lib a candle which stood on a small table in the hall, assured him he was welcome, and led the way into a snug room at the end of tho passage. I needn't stop to tell you of the manner in which Mr. Morris strove to make his visitor comfortable. In a very short time Mr. Westmore "likU partaken of a good meal, and then the two sat and talked over u bottle of whisky, and when that was emptied another was tapped ; for Mr. Morris was a good steady drinker, and. Mr. Westmore was just abodt his match in that respect. Presently Mr. Morris remarked that it was time all respect able persons were abed, ' and with re markably steady steps, considering the load ho carried, led the way to another part of the house, where his visitor was to be " put up." Slowness and deliberation charac- torisfid all 1\F I'- Wpstmnvp.'R Jinf.inns Setting the candle on the table he proceeded to leisurely fasten . tho door. This accomplished ho went to the window and, holding aside the blind, looked out on the prospect before him, and after he had gazed at tho garden surrounding the house, and at the hills in the distance for some little time, lie turned and commended to disrobe. It was fully half an hour before ho was comfort ably between the sheets, and fully another half hour ere he fell asleep, for he was kept awake with peculiar thoughts, prominent among the subjects of his ruminations being the old war rior into whose arms ho had so nearly stumbled on entering the house. Al though ho hud questioned his host during tho evening, lie could elicit nothing regarding the presence of this suit of armor, except that a long time ago it had been possessed and worn by a member of Mr. Morris' family. This defunct gentleman had been a Kiugnii ij l suuiu cuiiscquencu in the country on account of his handiness with the lanco and the weapons of warfare used in his time ; and Mr. Morris said he had brought the suit of armor out to the colonies with him as he regarded it as some- tliing to be proud of. Presently Mr. Westmore fell asleep, but it was not a tranquil or refreshing sleep. Indistinct visions of knights in armor rose before him ; tho days of chivalry had returned and were in full bloom ; and his antiquated friend in the hall downstairs was over in the midst of difficulties, always fighting somebody bigger and stronger than himself, but ever coming out of the strife free and unscathed, like the hero of a shilling shocker; until at last, after a lot of restless tossing about, Mr. Westmore found himself sitting up in bed listening to a queer noiso which appeared to come from the front of tho house. Mr. Wostmore was not a coward as a general rule, but he confessed' to a timorous feeling on this occasion. After listening for a few minutes, how ever, his nerve returned, and ho soon felt himself quite bold. Whether it was the whisky ho had partaken so freely of during tho ovoning, or tho peculiar situation in which he found himself, that mado him feel so valorous is not known to me or, indeed, anyone else, for in telling the story he simply said he felt no fear of any kind. Any- how, whatever it was that inspired him I with so much courage, after he had ! listened long enough to determine that burglars were entering the house somewhere from the front ho slipped out of bed, pulled on his socks, and crept softly out into the passage. It was his intention to find Mr. Morris and acquaint him with his belief that the place was being' burgled, but failing to find that gentleman's room he deter mined to investigate matters for him self, and get all the kudos of the cap ture — if any capture was mado. With this heroic intention he turned towards the front of the house and sneaked along the hall fearful of mak ing even tho least noise lest tho thieves should be frightened away. The sound which had awakened him had now ceased, and he had nothing to guide him, but lie kept on. But ho had only advanced a few steps along the passage when he unexpectedly collided with some one. He im mediately threw his arms under the burglar and held him fast. He was on the point of opening his mouth to give an alarm when — "Hullo!" said a hollow-sounding voice. " A merry Christmas to you." Mr. Westmore fell back in astonish ment, and well ho might, for the voice that had accosted him in such a friendly manner proceeded apparently from the mailed lieu re by the door. Mr. Westmore strained his eyes to discover someone else in tho passage, but failed. At last, after as close a scrutiny as he could make, ho came to the conclusion, though very unwil lingly, that hs, must have been accosted ' by the warrior, for tiiere was no one else about. "Did you speak?" lie asked timidly. "Did I speak? Of course I did," came from the supposedly inanimate statue of iron and steel. " I wished you a merry Christmas ; where's your manners ?" " Er — thank you — I beg your par don — the same to you, and many of 'em, I'm sure," said Mr. Westmore in a feeble and shaky voice, which indi cated that a big portion of his newly- acquired courage had already evapo rated. " I should think so," returned the gentleman in armor. " Now, in my day, politeness was of the first con sideration. A man in your station of life," suddenly raising his voice, " would not dare address me as you have done. Would not dare do it, I say, for fear of a taste of the dungeon and the torture-chamber. But now the world has retarded. What a race of men, and what a world to live in !" " It is a democratic and a progres sive age," ventured Mr. Westmore. "A democratic devildom," said the other with asperity ; " and a progres sive purgatory. What is the use of democracy when it brings so much discontent ancl eruption ; where the benefit ot your boasted progression which brings so much strife and poverty and privation and scheming, and — and — and — all the re9t of it, to get the best of your neighbor so that you can live, and only barely live at that 1 In my day, sir, in my day, men of lowly birth were well cared for and fed r.nd looked after by the rich. True, they were tho property of tim ficli,' and' being property tiiey were attended to. But I did nob come here to discuss the world's progress or retrograding with you. I wanted to see you on another matter, a matter of equity and justice and honor. I suppose there still exists some little quantity of these. "Tho people of to-day," replied Mr. Westmore," demand and receive justice in all matters, and in its highest and purest sense. They are honorable in the fullest " "We'll take all that for granted." vul? uvucit 1UU tHu U lawyer, aren't you !" " I am." " So I understand, and I want to put you up to a wrinkle or two ; to place a good case in your hands, in fact. But we cannot with comfort to you converse here in tho draught. Stop into that room behind you and light tho lamp. You will find tho lamp and some matches on the inantel- sholf. Hasten, for my visit is neces sarily brief." Mr. Westmore did as requested, the suit of armor following him into the room. "You will find some paper and a pencil in one of the drawers of that table," said tho strange one, leaning comfortably against tiie mantelpiece, with one arm on the shelf, and con tinued, as Mr. Westmore seated him self : " I've got a secret ; most ghosts have, and until this secret is put into safo and trustworthy hands I cannot rest. Now that I have you I intend to improve the opportunity, and it will be a good case for you if you take it up." Mr, Westmore was a thorough busi ness man, and was now fully alert. It was certainly a strange sort of busi ness, but if there was any money to be mado out of it why " Pray, proceed, sir," he said. " I will," responded the other ; " that's what I am interviewing you for. Many years ago I killed a man. He was not tho first, but was a rival for the awards of love and war, a rival whom it was necessary to be rid of. Since my death I have been doomed to visit earth again, and inhabit this armor for a few hours on tho anniver sary of that particular piece of but chery ; and I am to get my release when someone obtains possession of a paper, concealed in the gauntlet on my right hand. This pretty piece of armor was the admiration of all tho ladies and the terror of all my antagonists. With tho property, however, it changed owners many times, and at length fell into tho hands of a hard- fighting old soldier who had been mixed up in tho Maori War in tho early history of New Zealand. He had some misunderstanding with his wife, from whom lie lived apart. He was quite ready to claim tho property, and did- so as soon as ho was made aware of his inheritance. He sold tho estate, and, bringing a few of the chattels with him— this armor, which .was removed intact, being among them — came to Australia and settled here. Prom his wife and his one child he r.evor heard, but in tho course of time that child grew, married a poor man, and died also. The man left his wife in poverty, and lias never been heard of since. Of course I know where he is, but he is too much of a brute to bo worthy of considera tion. This child, however, a girl who nt present curns a scant living in a Sydney millinery establishment, is heiress to this property. You must trnce her parentage and give her her right. Tho presout owner and occu pier of this house was a brother of tho. Maori war veteran, a younger brother, with about 18 or 19 years of a difference in their ages. He did not know of his brother's marriage, and came here to live with him. Of course ho had his eye to tho main chanco, and sought to prevent his brother marry ing, so that the property might pass to him. In a very short time after his arrival in this lonely place the captain sickened and died, and he has since told me — for I got acquainted with him as soon as he came amongst us — he lias since told mo that he was poisoned. That's nearly all I have to tell you ; that's pretty well the case, save that the captain had made a will — which was really hardly necessary, as he was legally married — and placed it for safe kcoping in my gauntlet, as I told you just now. Now, I think I have told you all ; for God's sake, act. Hark ! Ah, 'tis that restless black Spanish rooster heralding the approach of daylight. ' ' Disagreeiiblo noise ho makes, too. I must be gone ; my stay is ended for this time. For heaven's sake, give this orphaned girl justice and mote out retribution to tho sinful man uow living here. Fare- well. Ana tne ngure straigntenod itself and strode slowly towards tho door. "Hold on," cried Mr. Westmore, rising as he spoke. " If the captain is as you say in spirit land with you, why does not ho visit this place in your stead ?' The figure turned with its gauntlet on tho door-knob : " He is in Sydney, : endeavoring to make his grandchild cognisant of these things. Again, farewell." Mr. Westmore extinguished tho lamp and returned to his room, and it was past 10 o'clock that morning oro he could bo awakened, so soundly did he sleep. As he arose the extra ordinary occurrence of tho previous' night rushed vividly on his memory, and he experienced a sense of shamo at the thought of his queer adven ture. " I must have taken an enormous amount of whisky," he said to himself, with a sagacious shake of his shiny bald head. He loft his room presently, and as he walked along the hall kept his eyes fixed on a mailed figure which stood just as he had seen it on enter ing the house. When lie arrived oppo site the warrior he paused, and glanc ing round to see if anyone was within hearing addressed himself to his queer client in an undertone : "Are you there? Good morn- ing." There was no answer. " It must have been tho whisky," said Mr, Westmore -to himself. Ho was getting more confirmed every moment in the opinion that the occur rence of the previous night was only a phantasy. Yet he wanted to know all about the will, and glancing hastily round him again, and, tugging at the gauntlet, wrenched it off as quickly as the effect of rust and carlcsncss would permit. You could liavo knocked Mr. Westmore down with tho proverbial feather 1 A neatly-folded paper, bear ing signs of age, met his gaze. With trembling hands he quietly abstracted it and concealed it on his person. It turned out to be a properly drawn up will, but before Mr. Wostmore could prove it as required the villainous brother conveniently kicked tho bucket, as the saying goes. Tho little lawyer put things straight, found tho orphan girl, ancl married her to his only son, and the whole family moved into the house in which ho had made such a remarkable discovery. The spirit of tho warrior was apparenly at rest, for though Mr. Westmore has spent many happy Christmases there ho has never since heard from his queer client. 