CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. Mr W.H Jude, the well-known composer, delivered an oration at the Town Hall on Sunday afternoon entitled "The pezlm of life." The attendance was enormous, the front gates having to be dosed soon alter a p.m., as crowds were standing on all the land ings, and every square foot of room in the hall and galleries was occupied. Mr. Judes ora tion was of an outspokenly democratic character. The Christianity of the oba/cnes he declared was Christianity turned upside down. The doctrines whioh Chnst taught were to-day a dead letter to tbonsands, and those principally among the wealthy and the titled classes. The cause of our social wretched ness was onr neglect of the true teachings of Christ. A woman who had to strive for ner living, and who was confronted by want, wa* told by a pampered menial to bury her sor rows in a pauper's den or to bargain her womanhood away and to die in the streets like a dog. This was one outcome of our creed, while at the same time people were splitting theological hairs, and disputing about the apostolic succession. Within a stones throw of the episcopal palaces, where live the so-called servants of Christ, the lowuest man who ever came on earth, were to bs found starving and shivering wretches, lost souls who perhans anoe knew the magnetic touch of a kindly hand, and the soft kiss of a mothers love. To them the psalm of life was a "Miserere doinine." These things were the dishonor of a sham religion and a ChnsUe&s; Christianity. The speaker was loudly cheered during his discourse, which concluded with some remarks on the kind reception which had been accorded to him in Adelaide. Dnring the service Mr. Judo, in addition to reciting Long fellow's beautiful poem, sang with exquisite effect the following compositions s— ' Behold, I stand at the door," " The better Jnnd, "Oh, blessed morn," " He wipes the tear from every eve," concluding with an organ solo by Schubert. " The farewell." The audience sang rhpue hymns:—" Come nDto me. ye weary,' "Peace, perfect peace," and "Through the night of doubt and sorrow." On Thursday Mr. .lude will give a. descriptive musical evening in the Town Hall, Not wood. The monthly meeting of the executive com mittee of ihe Christian Endeavor Union was held in Stow Church bnildiDgs on May 19. The president (Air. C. J. Holder) presided over a fair attendance of delegates. Greetings were received by letter from the Ballarat Dis trict Union. A communication was received j from Mr. E. Bridgland announcing that the camp meeting had been postponed. The committee for May 21 had recommended "that the Christian Endeavor Union make arrangements for such a gathering on the first suitable holiday." It i was annonnced that a convention of nor- ' tliern societies was to be held at Jamestown on Jlay 23, 24, aod 23, at which Messrs. Holder aad Wilson will represent this union. The following societies were pas-sed for admission into the union :—Si. Luke's (Church of England), York (W.A.), Maylands and Gul nare South (Wesleyan). Mr. J. H. Francis was appointed to supervise the compilation of the annual statistics of the movement. A long discussion took place on the convention proposed to be held on June 20. It was generally thought that that was the most suitable date, but it was left to the convention committee to finally decide. The committee appointed, with power to add to their nnmber, ir as foUo?rs:—Presbyterian, Mrs. JLyall and Mr. Ure; Congregational, Miss Adamson. the president of the union, and Messrs. G. Sum mers and Fisher, 8.A.; Wesleyan, Miss Chappie, Miss Robin, and Mr. E. Bridgland; Bible Christian, Rev. S. J. Martin ; Baptist, Messrs. J. H. Francis and F. W. Dinnis; secretaries, Messrs. Wilson and MoKeohnie. The Norwood Baptist Y.P.S.C.E. cele brated its second anniversary on Thursday, May IS, in the church. The meeting was largely attended, and was truly of an En deavor character. The vice-president (Mr. Morphett) presided. Addresses were de livered by the Rev. Charles Bright, president of the society, who spoke on the object of the Endeavor Society, and Mr. C. J. Holder, president of the union, who gave a motto to the society for the year. Miss Kemp, secretary of the Tynte street Baptist C.E., spoke on entire consecra tion. Mr. A. S. Wilson, secretary of the union, gave appropriate advioe to the associate members. Mr. Burn?, vice-president of the Grote-etreet Church of Christ C.E. spoke on consistent service for Christ. The secretary's report showed that 24 new names bad been added to the roll during the year; there were eight committees in connection with the society which had been and were doing good work. Services were held at the Jewish Synagogue on Saturday evening and Sunday morning to celebrate the "Feast of weeks." which com memorates the anniversary of the delivery of the law on Mount Sinai. It is called the feast of weeks because seven weeks are reckoned from the morrow after the first day of the Passover. The Rev. A. T. Boas delivered an address upon communal matters appropriate to the occasion. Tbe feast, whioh commenced on the evening of the fifth day of the Hebrew month Sivan, continues for two days from its inauguration. Farewell services in connection with the ap proaching departure of the Bev. H. W. Hor will, M.A., for England, were held at the Franklin-street Bible Christian Church on Sun day. Mr. Horwill, who has occupied the pulpit of the church for fifteen months, preached in the morning from the text, Luke xv., 4— "This man receiveth sinners." In the evening his subject was choosen from Nehemiah i., 4 — "It came to pass when I heard these words that I sat down and wept and mourned cer tain days and fasted and prayed before the God of Heaven." In the course of the sermon the rev. gentleman thanked heartily all those who had worked so well with him to make his pastorate a success. Miss Hall, the Melbourne medinm, delivered another trance address before the Adelaide Psychological Society on Sunday evening. On Sunday tbe anniversary services in con nection with the Bowden Bible Christian Sunday-school were continued. The Bev. John Thome preached in the morning from "Now, therefore, are we all here present before God to hear all things that are com manded thee of God" —Acts x., verse 33. The preacher reviewed the circumstances whioh led Cornelius to send for Peter to Joppa, referred to the vision of Peter and his arrival at the bouse of Cornelius in Ctesarea, the meeting of tbn two men, and the utterance of Cornelius, "Now, therefore, are we all here," &0\. The preacher asked, "Why do we come to the house of God f The true sense of a knowledge of God was the foundation of religion, and it was this that impelled men to meet together to worship God. There were some who did not realise that attending the house of God meant primarily meeting together to worship God, who was present to bless those who called upon Him in spirit and in truth. Some went to church from habit or cariosity, or because their conscience told them it was their duty, and some for other reasons. Primarily they should go to the house of God to be in His immediate preeenoa for the purpose of worshipping Him. "Thou God seest me" was not spoken in a cathedral or church, but there were great blessings to be received by meeting together, for God proportions His blessings according to the assembly of His people. As long as cone held back others could not get the fulness of the blessing. The apostles ware told to tarry in Jerusalem until they had received the Holy Ghost, and when assembled together it descended upon them. That was the point to reach; meeting together in supplication to God, and the blessing would descend in response to united prayer. This was the case when P«termet Cornelius. They were all present before God to hear all things commanded of God and they were blessed, for the " Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word." The work of Christ was hindered by want of greater unity. In the afternoon the Bsv. C. Tresise (president of the Bible Christian Con ference) delivered an address from "feed My lambs." The children were the lambs of Christ/and so were thoee who bad just £ozsaken sin and entered His fold. Spiritual nourish ment was equally necessary in adaptability to converts as was suitable nourishment to babes. Teaching and preaching should bs simple, so that the young in Christ might be nenriabed, for it was the weakly nourished Christian that was most likely to yield to wicked influence and go astray. It was necessary that that large body of children on the platform should have religious teaching applicable to their mental capaoity bo that they might grow in the grace and knowledge of Jesus Christ. Mr. Tresise preached in the evening. Taking his text from Daniel vi., 21 and 22, he •'gave a review of the life of Daniel and the lessons it taught. Recitations and singing, under the direction of Mr. B. Gould, were given by tbe children. Mies Poddy and Miss Maude M. Puddy were the pianists and Mr. A. Poddy presided at the organ. There was a large attendance. The Rev. R. M. Hunter preached at the Aroher-Btreet Wesleyan Church on Sunday morning from Isaiah, xliv., 3, "I will poor water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground." These word? expressed the great want of the church, and gave tbe hope that it would be supplied. They were a promise of the Holy Spirit that had been ful filled at Pentecost, and were aporopnate to the need of the churoh to-day. To ascertain the need of any institution we must oonaider the purpose of its exiatenoa The great end for which the church existed was tbe moral and spiritual uplifting of mankind. This was not to be aooompUshed by education, unproved outward circumstances, legislation, or wealth. Every effect was the result of an efficient cause. To secure spiritual resulte there must be spiritual power. The moral and spiritual improvement of men was only to be secured by the power of the- Holy Spirit. This was the great want. The teachings of Scripture history and of experience were appealed toaaour Justdficanon for the hope that this want would be supplied. This would elevate society, purge literature and art, purify legislation, and make the church holy and useful as she had never yet been. These promisee were given to the ohuroh, and upon the members thereof rested a great responsibility so to live and work that there would be no hindrance to the fulfilment of the promise. Intheevening a choral service was conducted by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson and the Archer-street choir. There was* good attendance and die service was successful in every way. 