? (r&ou; a CORKESPOKDKST.) The above club paid a visit Co Thorpdale on Friday, 4tb, and played to a v-ry thin house; but, notwithstanding the poor turn-out of the residents, the dab employed its best efforts to please them. The curtain rose at 8 p.m., when Messrs. M'Garvie, Poland, and Chad wick opened the entertainment in Ethiopian style, and caused not a little merriment with their comicalities, although the " corner" Cell slightly flat to tbe usual manner of the negro comic. Mr. J. Chad wick set the house ringing with laughter In catching his blue-tailed fly; after which the full troupe delivered their opening song and chorus— "Meet me at deGolden Gate*'—with good taste. Mr. G. Gibson started the centre with a well rendered song, " The Old Bark Hut." Mr. W. Ashton, in his " Golden Wedding," made his mark in the audience, responding to an encore, which evoked great applause. Mr. D. Romelli appeared in good style, and sang " When the Leaves begin to Turn" in a most pleasing manner, receiving a bur share of applause. Mr. A. V. Home, with his well chosen Bong, " Bring Back my Fisher- boy" favorably impressed the audience, and thereby gained quite a shower of applause. Mr. J. Lang gave the " Postman," which drew a fair amount of admiration from the company present. Mr. W. Mathews rendered a good account of himself and found many approvers of his song, "The Brooklyn Theatre." Mr. M. Poland's comic, " Asphalt" was well received, and Mr. T. Giffen became a great favorite amongst the Scottys, as he drew their memories back to the young and frolicsome days when they fondly roamed about iu the heather, by bis well-delivered song, "The Heather Hills," also in his comic, "Same old Game," he made quite a hit, being encored, having to respond with another comic, "The Donkey-driver," which, being so well given, was cheered to the echo, and set the house roaring with laughter. Messrs. E. Lynch aud T. Martin, step-dancers, were the two evening stars, who, with their fancy dress and glittering trinkets, performed admirably together. The farce "One Night in a Medical College," was then entered upon, after tbe lapse of ten minutes. On the ritisg of tbe curtain, there was exposed to view the interior of a doctor's dissecting room. Mr. M'Garvie being the " medical student," who was busying himself about his table of skeletons, See., and who teemed deeply engaged in studying anatomy, but was greatly embarrassed by some intruders, who were continually broking in upon his study; but he pun Idled them by fie cunning tricks he played upon them, in which Mr. M'Garvie made a good hit, and acted his parts welL Mr. C. David as " Lucy," the doctor's servant, played in a stylish manner. Mr. A. V. Home, as " Slabside," made a good mark, and caused an all round merry laugh when he brought in his bag aud dumped it down to the doctor. Mr. M. Poland, as "George Arrowroot," took the audience by surprise as he jumped into the window, followed by lightning and shower of broken glass and debris. Mr. Poland here went through some grand comic parte, and played well, bringing down tbe house with laughter; aud Mr. T. Giffen, in the character he took, was blown clean through the window by a thunder storm ; he performed well with George Arrowroot, and the two kept the house merry enough from beginning to end. Mr. E. Lynch, as the subject in tbe bag," and Mr. J. Lang (the "subject on the plank") had not much to do, but went through their respective parts satisfactorily. The closing scene, or the Doctor's Trick, by Messrs. M'Garvie and Horne (ghosts), and David (devil) imparted quite a shudder to the company, and when (he lime lights were introduced the effect was to bring the doctor's plot to hideoas-Iookizig end. Great credit is due to the manager (Mx. W. Walker) for tbe skilful way in which the artificial storm was managed—the thunder, lightning, and rain being splendidly produced; in fact, the storm was so perfectly natural that tbe company appeared to be thankful they we re inside. 