ALL ALONG THE RIVER By JOSS M. E. BPvADDON, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'The Venetians, or All in Honor,' ' Aurora F'oyd,' 'The Cloven Foot,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Jusb as I Am,' 'Taken at tha Flood,' ' Phantom Fortune,' ' LikB aud Unlike,' ' Weavers and Wefb,' &c;, &c.;, [Published by epeoial arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. ] Chapter XI. (Continued). — Wheks the Cold Sea Haves. Mr. Coif ox and Allegra met again in the drawing room of the Angler's Nest ab a quarter to eight. He was the firsb to arrive, and Isola had not jet appeared. Martin Disney waa at his post in front of the library fireplace, library and drawing-room making one spacions room, lighted with wax candles here and there and with one large shaded lamp on a table near the piano. Isola had been suffering from head anhA and had been late in dressing. Capbain Hulbert had been in the room nearly ten minutes beforehis hostess appeared, looking pale and ill in her black lace dinner gown and with aa anxious expression in her eyes. He had been introduced to Allegra and was talking to her as if he had known her for years, when his attention was called off by Isola's appearance and his introduction to her. Was this Martin Disney's wife, he thought wonderingly — such a. girlish fragile creature— so unlike the woman he had pictured to him self. Strange that Lostwithiel should not have told him of her delicate prettiness, seeing tnao he was a connoisseur in beauty and hyper critical. ' This is just the kind of beauty he would admire,' thought Hulbert, ' something out of the common— a pale, spiritual beauty— not dependent upon coloring or even upon regu lariby of feature— the kind of thing one calls soul, not having a better name for it' They went in to dinner presently, Captain Hulbert and Isola, Mr. Coif ox and Allegra. The table was a small oval, at which five people made a snug little party. There were feathery white chrysanthemums, relieved bv a cheerful glow of colored Venetian glass, deli oatest pink and jade green, under the light of a hanging moderator lamp. John Hulberb looked round him with a pleased expression, taking in the flowers, the glass, the delicate, cream-white china, the lamp light, every thing; and then the two fair young faces, one pale and pensive, the other aglow with the delight of life, eagerly expectant of new ideas. They talked of the Vendetta and tha places at which, aho had toughed lately. Captain Hnlbert had spent big Bummer on the Eastern laguria, between Iieriei and Civita -Veoohia. ' ' Wasn't it the wrong time of year for Italy Tasked Mr. Coif ox. . - » * ' 'No, it is the season of seasons in the land of the sun. IS yon want to enjoy a southern country go there in the summer. The south is ,*nade for enmmer, her houses are built for hot weather, her streets are planned for shade in midsummer; her wines, her food, her manners and customs have all been made for summer time— not for winter. If you want ,to know Italy at her worst go there in cold ^^Wheredid yon leave Lord Lostwithiel?' Disney asked presently. ' I left him nowhere. He left me to rove about Southern Europe—left me on his way to nn.;nti-;o fTo » tits tha WanHBriiK? Jew. He used to be mad about yachting ; but he got tick of the Vendetta all of a sudden and handed her over to me. Very generous on his part, but the boat iB something of a white ele phant for a man of my email means. I wanted him to sell her. Wouldn't bear of it. To let her. Not to be thought of. ? Til lend her to you,' he said, 'and you shall keep her as long as yon like-sink her if you like-so long as you don't go down in her. See is- not a lucky 'Have you eailed her long?' ! 'Nearly a year, and I iove her as if she ? were bone of my bone and flesh of my flesh. I** as all go for a sail to-morrow, Mrs. Disney— to Mevagiesey or thereabouts. We «rald do a libtle fishing. I* will be capital fun. What do you eay, Mies Leland T ' I should adore it, said Allegra, beaming at him. ' The eea is my passion— and I think it is Mrs. Disney's passion too. We are a kind of amphibious creatures, living more on water than on land. We venture as far as we dare in a row boat— but oh, that is such alittle way. ' t am =fi-iirl Bnmfitimes that you will ven ture eo far that you won't be able to get baok again and will find yourselves drifting away to America,' said her brother. : ; Isola answered never a word until Oaptatn Hulbert addressed her pointedly for the second time. 'Will you go, Mrs. Disney— may we make op the party?' 'I would rather not,' she answered, with out looking at him. *' But why not, Are you such a bad sailor— in spite ot all Miss Leland says of you ?' ' I am a pretty good sailor in a row-boat — but not in a yacht. And I hate fishing— such a slow weary business. I would rather not go.' 1 'I am so sorry, but you mtist not be worried about it,' said Hulbert kindly, seeing the growing distress in her countenance. ' We ?will not go in for fisbing-^or excursions — but you and Miss Leland; will at least come to afternoon tea on the Vendetta— to afternoon tea in the harbor. There used to be a oomio eong when I was a boy—* Come and drink tea in the arbor.' You must come to the arbor with an aspirate. It is not eo rustic or senti mental—but there will be no earwigs or creep ing things to drop into your tea cup. Mr. Colfox, you will come, won't you?' ? ' I shall be delighted,' answered the curate. .?' I have a sneaking kindness for all yachts.' The conversation drifted baok to Lostwithiel and his works and ways presently. i ?' When he -went home three yeaxs ago he gave me to understand he was going to settle down at the Mount and lead a quiet life for the rest of his days,' said Captain Hulbert. ?**Yeb three months afterwards he and '.hia yacht were o5 again like the Flying . .Dutchman, and the next I heard of him was at Leghorn, and six months later he was coasting off Algiers and Tangier; and the following spring he was in South America, and the Vendetta was laid up at -Marseilles, where he begged me to go and look after her, and take her to myself until such time as be should want her again. I was wisn nun lor a lew cays ao ijeguurii, nueio uu «eemed ill and out of spirits. I don't think you can have used him over well in this part ,of the world, Mrs. Disney,' he added half in jest. 'I fancy some of you must have snubbed Jam severely, or his tenants must have_ worried him by their complaints and exactions. I 'could not get him to talk about his life at the Mount, fie seemed to have taken a disgust for the old home.' I 'You must put that down to hifi roving temper,' said Disney, 'for although I was away at the time, I can answer for it there jwas no such thing as snubbing in . the case. Your brother is the only peer in these parts, and from the way people talk about him hs might be the only peer in Great Britain— the Alpha and Omega of Debrett. Our parvenu neighbor, Mr. Crow ther, talked of him one night with a slavish ' ?rapture which made me sick. I am a Tory by association and instineb, but I can't stand the vulgarian's worship of a lord.' !- leola looked at her sister- in-law and they Ijoth rose at this moment, the Church almost tumbling over the Navy in eagerness to open ,'? ?? the door, Navy winning by a neck. ?'..'' . They were not long alone in the drawing .?:? .;? room, not more than the apace of a single W' cigarette, before the men followed. Then came ?:-.- amisic ana a gcoa ae&i; 01 tarn in roe long, low, epacious room, which looked so bright and Lomely by candlelight, with all its tokens of domestic and intellectual life. 'What a capital quarter-deck this is,' cried John Hulbert, after pacing up and down while he listened and talked and laughed at Alle gra's little jokes about the narrowness of village life. 'It is delightful to stretch one's legs in such a room as this after six months upon an eighty-ton yacht.' ' You will have room enough to stretch yonr legs at the Mount,' said Disney. Captain Hulbert bad announced his inten tion of spending a week or two under the family roof -tree while the Vendetta underwent some slight repairs and renovations. 'Room enough and to spare,' he said. 'I shan't feel so jovial walking up and down those grim old rooms as I feel here. I shall fancy^ ghost pacing behind me, clump, clump, clump — aglow, solemn footstep— only the echo of my own tread perhaps ; bub I shall never know, for I shall be afraid to look round.' 'You ought not to make sport of weak people's fancies, for I am sure you don't believe m ghosts,' said Allegra, leaning with one CIWH V1U DUO JJUUlUj UUlUUJg U»C1 (JAdJCO Ul music absently, a gracious figure in a eage green velvet gown, cut) just low enough to show the fine curves of a full, xound throat, white and smooth as ivory. ' Not believe in ghosts ? Did you ever know ; a sailor who wasn't superstitious ? We are too : often alone with the eea and the stars to be quite free from spectral fancies, Mian Leland. I can see in your eyes as you look at me this moment that you believe in ghosts — believe and tremble. Tell me now, candidly — When do you most fear them ; at what hour of the -day or night does the unreal seem nearest to . you?' ' £ don't inow,' efae faltered, turning over the loose mubic with a faintly tremulous ges ture, while Isola eat by the piano, touching the notes dumbly now and then. ; ' Is it at midnight — in the gloaming— in the chill, mysterious dawn? You won't answer! Shall I guess? If you are like me, it is in broad daylight— between two and three in the afternoon — when the servants are all idling = after their dinner and the house is silent. You are alone in a bi2, bright room, perhaps with another room opening out of it, and a door a long way off. You sit writing at your table and you feel all at once that the room is haunted. There must be something or some one stealing in at that remotest door. You daren't look round. You go to the window and look out into garden or street — for a town \- house may be just as ghastly as a country one — auu vudii wuiu a grenuxiiurb juu ttiuu Diuwiy round and face your terror in the broad, garish eunlight, in the business hours of the day. There is nothing there, of course, but the feeling has not been the less vivid. I know I shall be epectre-haunted at the Mount. You must all come and scare away the shadows. Mr. Golf ox, are you fond of billiards 'c ' ? 'I own to a liking for the game. I play ?with Mr. Crowther and his younger daughter ?whenever I dine at Glenaveril. Alicia is a . very fine player ion a giri, and. her father plays . a good game.'' 'Then you will come up to the Mount two or three times a week and play with me, I hope. There's a fine Thurston table in the hail. It may be a little out of order, but we must make the best of it— and there's plenty of sound claret in the cellars, to say nothing of a keg or two of sebiedam that I sent home from the Hague.' ? 'Mr. Colt ox will not make much impression either on your claret or your schnapps,' said Disney laughing. 'He is almost as temperate es one of those terrible anchorites in the novel we were reading the other day— 'Homo Sum.' ' ? 'I a™ glad you put in a qualifying 'almost,'' said tha curate, *'for I hope to taste Captain Hulbert'e sohiedam.' ? Ine captain expatiated upon what his three tiew friends— and his one old friend, Martin Oisney—were to do to cheer him in his eolitude at the Mount. 'There is nothing of the anchorite about me, heeaid. ' I love society, I love life and . movement, I love bright faces.' j He would not leave until they had all pro mised to take tea on board the yacht on the following afternoon, an engagement which was ' kept by AUegra and the colonel ; but not by ? i. Isola, whose headache was worse after the little dinner-party; nor by the curate, who had parish business to detain him on chore. Chapteb XIT.— 'Under the Pinewood, Bund with iJODGHS.' If Isola had any disinclination to visit Cap tain Hulbert'fi yacht, her headache only served to defer, the evil day, for after that first tea dnnkiog came other invitations and other arrangements, fiehing parties, luncheons off ilMevAgissey, entertainments in which Isola tnust needs chare when she -saw her husband . Sjuidhi8.fiiflfcer.bent upon the enjoyment of the . JipniY -delighted with, the Vendetta and her ? . nrarm-iiearted skipper. i~ They irece not John Halbertfeonly friends in |jje«©ighboBbood. .Everybody seemed glad toj«aieometbe roverto his ?native Tillage, iAjmoe$«eeryiK-ay Jiad taown him' ja his boy hood; and there -was a general consensus of opinion that he was a much better fellow than bi&farotber.; He was less courted, bat he was better liked. There had been a touch of cyni cism about Lostwithiel -which frightened matter-of- fact country people. _ 'Oneoould never feel sure he wasn't laugh 'y- in his sleeve at our rustic ignorance,' said lire. Baynham. 'lam more at my ease with Captain.Hulbert.' So the' bright Indian summer of October— a a Cornish October — passed in pleasant idlings on a Btormless sea. The equinoctial gales had not begun to rage yet. There was a lull before the coming of the great winds which were to blow good ships on shore aud startle sleepers in the dead of night. All now was fair and placid — sunlit waters, golden, evenings. They spent one bright balmy day off Meva giesey, a day which was like a long dream to Isola as she sat on deck in a low foldW-onair, wrapped ina great feathery rug from the South bea Islands, with her languid head reclining againsbaplush- coyeredcushion,oneof the many effeminate luxuries which abounded in the cabin below. Everybody else was intent upon the nets. Everybody else -was full of interest and movement and expectation; but she sat apart from all, with her ivory knitting pins lying Idle in her lap amidst a soft little mass of white wool, which industry was to convert into a garment for the baby. Allegra was enraptured with, the yacht. She would fain have taken Isola down to the cabins below to explore their wonders of luxury and contrivance, so much comfort and ele gance in eo restricted an area, but Isola refused to leave the deck. 'I hate all cabins,' she said; 'they are always suffocatingly hot.' So Mrs. Baynham went below with Allegra, and they two explored the two principal cabins with wondering admiration, and even peeped into the cooking-house and the odd little places where steward and sailors contrived to bestow themselves. _ The chief, cabin, saloon, or whatever one liked to call it was as daintily decorated as a lady's boudoir. There were nests of richly bound books, Oriental bronzes, and all kinds of Continental pottery, Japanese and Indian embroideries, Venetian mirrors, quaint little satinwood cupboards for wine or cigars. ? Every niche was utilised. 'What a delicious drawing-room,' cried AUegra. 'I could live here all my life. Fancy, how delightful. A floating life. No Bueh thing as satiety. One might open one's eyes every morning on a fresh coast, glorified, as one sees it across the bright blue water.. To explore the Mediterranean, for instance, float ing from city to city— the cities of the past, the cities of the Gospel, the shores that were trodden by the feet of St. Paul and his com panions — the cities of the Christian saints and martyrs, the island birthplaces of Greek gods and heroes. Think, Mrs. Baynham 1 A yacht like this is a master-key to open all the gate ways of the world.' ' I would rather have my own cosy little cottage on terra firms,' answered the doctor's wife in a matter-of-fact mood, bub this speech of AUegra's set the good lady pondering upon the possibility of John Hulbert falling in love with this bright clever girl and making her mistress of his brother's yacht. Her friendly fancy depicted the village wedding and those two going forth over the great waters to spend their honeymoon amidst the wonder- world of the Mediterranean, which the banker's daughter knew only in her atlas. **He can't be rich,' she thought, 'but he must have a decent incoma I know his mother had money, and Allegra can earn a good deal by her painting. We ought all to do our best to bring it about. A girl has so few chances in such a place as Trtlasco. She might almost as well be in a convent.' Mrs. Baynham was at heart a matchmaker, like most motherly women whom fate has left childless. She was very fond of Allegra, who was so muoh brighter and more companion able than Isola, eo much more responsive to kindness and affection. As she sat on deck in the westering sunlight, some what comatose after a copious luncheon, Mrs. Baynham's idea of helping' Allegra took the form of a dinner party which she had long been meditating, her modest return for numerous dinners which she had eaten at Glenaveril and at the Angler's Nest. She con sidered that three or four times a year it be hoved her to make a serious effort in the way of hospitality — a substantial and elaborate dinner, in which nothing in season should be spared aud which should be served with all due ceremony. The time was at hand when such a dinner would in a manner fall due, and she determined to hasten the day with a view to AUegra's interests. ' Captain Hulbert is sure to be off again be fore long,' she told herself, 'so every evening they can spend together is of importance. I'm sure he admires her already.' There was not much doubt about his feel ings as he stood by Allegra in the stern, direct ing the movements of her bare active hands while she hauled in the net ; not muoh doubt that he was as deep in love as a man well can be after a fortnight's acquaintance! He did nob make any secret of his bondage, but let his eyes tell all the world that this girl was for him 'the world's one woman.' The invitation from Mrs. Baynham was de livered by post next morning as ceremonious a card as if the place were Mayfair and theinviter an3 invitees had not met since last season — a copper- plate card with the names and addresses filled in by the lady's pen, an economy which distinguished her modest invitations from the Glenaveril cards, of which there were a variety, for at homes, tennis, dinner, luncheon, to aosept and to decline. A fortnight's notice marked the dignity of the occasion — the hour the orthodox quarter to eight, ' We can't refuse, Isola,' said Disney, when his wife handed him the card, 'although my past experience assures me that the evening will be a trifle heavy. Why will penple in small houses insist upon giving dinner parties, instead of having their friends in instalments ? When we go to dine with the Baynhams we go for love of them, not the people they bring together; and yet they insist upon seating twelve in a room that will juBt comfortably hold eight. It is all vanity and confusion of spirit.' 'But Mrs. Baynham is go happy when she is giving a real dinner party. I don't think we can refuse, can we, Allegra ?' asked Isola. ' Mrs. Baynham is a darling, and I wouldn't vex her for worlds,' replied her sister-in-law. 'And in a place like this one oan't pretend a prior engagement, unless it were in the moon.' The invitation was accepted forthwith, and when Captain Hulbert dropped in at tea-time it was discovered that he, too, had been asked and that he meant to accept if his friends at the Angler's Nest were to be there. A thunderbolt fell upon the little Tillage on the following Sunday. When the old men and women, creeping to church a little in advance of younger legs, came to the church path they found a brand new gate looked against them — looked and barricaded with bars which looked as if they were meant) to last till the final cataclysm. The poor old creatures looked up wonderingly at a newly- painted board, on which the more intelligent among them spelled out the following legend — 'This wood is the private property of J. Vansittarfc Crowther, Esq. Trespassers will be prosecuted.' Martin Disney and his wife and sister came up when a little crowd of men, women, and children, numbering about thirty, had as sembled round the gate, all in their Sunday best. 'What's the meaning of this?' asked Disney. ' Ah, colonel, that's what we all want to know,' replied old Manley, the village carpen ter, a bent and venerable figure long past work. ' I'm over eighty, but I never remember that '-gate being locked as long aB I have lived at Trelasco jand that's all my life, colonel. There's always been a right-of-way through that wood.' 'And there always shall be,' answered Martin Disney. 'We won't take any violent measures to-day, my friends — first because it is Sunday and next because one should always try fair means before one tries foul. I shall write to Mr. Crowfcher to-morrow, asking him civilly to open that gate. If he refuses I'll have it opened for him and I'll take the con sequences of the act. Now, my good friends, you'd better go to church by the road. 'jTou'll get there after the service has begun. Wait till the congregation are standing up and then go into church altogether, bo that everybody may understand why and by whose fault it ia that you are late.' The appearance of this large contingent) just after the first leBson created considerable sur prise and much turning of heads and rustling of bonnet strings in the echoing old stone church. Mr. Crowther sate in his pew of state on one aide of the chancel and felt that the war had begun. Everybody was against him in the matter, he knew, bathe -wanted to demon strate a man's supreme right to do what he liked with his own. The wood was his and he did not mean to let the whole parish tramp across it. He received a stiffly polite letter from Colonel Disney requesting him to reopen the church path withqut^loss of time, and informing him of the great inconvenience caused to the older and weaker members of the congregation by the illegal closing of the path during' church hours. Mr. Crowther sent his reply by the colonel's messenger. He asserted his right to shut up the wood which formed a part of his estate, and positively refused to reopen the gate at either end of the footpath in question. Captain Hulbert dropped in at his usual hour, eager to know the progiess of the fight. Fight there must be, he was assured, having eeea eomething of Mr. Crowther's bulldog temper. Then in the drawing-room of the Angler's Ness there was hatched a terrible plot, a Catiline conspiracy in a teacup, Allegra listening and applauding while the two men plotted. That night, when the village was hushed in eJeep, a boat full of sailors landed at the little hard near the railway- station at Fowey, and half a dozen *ealwar(! blue jackets might have been eeen tramping- along theold railway track to Trelasco, one carrying a1 crowbar, another ; a capeoter's basket. And under the antamn etars -that night in the'- woods i of i -Glenaveril, while Vansittarb Crowther -slept the sleep of the just man who payeth his twenty shillings in the pound, there rose the sound of a sea-song and the cheery chorus of theeailor, witharhythpijd , accompaniment of 'hammerine; and lo, when the late October merning visited those yellow ing woods, and when Mr. Crowther's game keeper went on his morning round the gate at either end of the church path was wrenched off its hinges and was lying on to ground. Staple and bolt, padlock and iron hinges were lying among the dewy dock leaves and the yellowing fern, and there was free passage be tween the village of Trelasco and the house of God. Vansittart Crowther went to Plymouth by the first tram that could convey Mm and there consulted the lawyer most in renown among the oitizens, and that gentleman, after due thought and consideration, informed him that the closing of such an old-established rightof way as that of the church path was more than anjj landowner durst attempt. Whatever omission there might be in the title deeds, he had bought the estate subject to that old right of-way, which had been enjoyed by the parish from time immemorial. He could no more shut it off than he could wall out the sky. 'But I can punish the person who pulled the looks off my gates, I presume ?' said Mr. Crowther, swelling with indignation. ' That, of course, is a distinct outrage for which you may obtain redress— if you can find out who did it.' ' Very little diffioulty about that, I take it. The act must have been inspired by the writer of than impertinent letter.' He pointed to Martin Disney's letter, lying open on the solicitor's table. 'Very probably. But yon will have to be sure of proving his share in the act if you mean to take proceedings against him.' VanBittart Crowther was furious. How was he to bring the responsibility of this outrage home to anybody when the deed had been done in the dead of night and no mortal eye had eeen the depredators at their felonious work. His locks and bolts and hinges, the best of their kind that Sheffield could supply, had been mocked at and made as naught, and all his dumb dogs of serving men and women had been lying in their too comfortable beds and had heard never a sound of hammer clink ing or crowbar striking on iron. There had not baea so much as a kitehemnaid afflicted with the toothache and lying wakeful, to over hear a sound of outrage. Mr. Crowther sent for the police authorities of Fowey and set his wrongs before them. 'I wfll give fifty pounds reward to the man who will get me positive evidence as to the person who planned that outrage.' he said; and next day there were bills pasted against divers doors at Fowey and Trelasoo, againsb the Mechanics' Institute, and against that curious old oaken door of a mediaeval building opposite the olub, which may once have been a donjon; and in sundry other conspicuous places, beginning with Whereas and ending wish Vansittart Crowther's signature. Nothing came of this splendid offer, though there were plenty of people in the district to whom fifty pounds would have seemed a fortune. Whether no one had seen the crew of the Vendetta landing or re-embarking in the night-time, or whether some wakeful eyes had seen whose owners would not betray the doers of a deed done in & good cause still remains unknown. Captain Hulbert was enchanted at the speedy success of the oon spiraoy, and went to church next Sunday by the now notorious footpath, alcng which an unusual procession of villagers came streaming in the crisp clear air, proud to assert) a right that had been so boldly maintained by their unnamed but not unknown champion. Every one felt very sure that the flinging open of the gates had been somehow brought about by Martin Disney — Martin, whoEe grandfather they could tome of them remember, When he came home after the long war with tlit French and took up his abode in an old house among the hills and married a fair young wife. That had happened sixty-five years ago, but there were those in the village who could remember handsome Major Disney, ?with only one arm and a face bronzed by the sunshine on the banks of the Douro. Captain Hulbert went by the church path that morning, though it involved his making a considerable round and going altogether out of his way. Hs wanted to -walk to church with the Disney family in order to talk over their victory, and the Disneys seemed today to resolve themselves into one, and that one was AllerraLelland, for she and the captain walked ahead and discoursed gaily, perhaps in too exultant and worldly a vein for pious church people, but at worst their exultation was in a good cause, for the horn of the lowly was exalted and the pride of the rich man was brought low. 'Do you think he will beat church?' asked Allegra, the pronoun standing for Mr. Crowfcher. 'Of course he will. He mueb brazen out the position. .He will be there, no doubt, gnashing his teeth behind his prayer-book. If angry looks could kill, you and I would be as dead as Ananias and Sapphira before the service is half over.' 'Poor, silly man, why did he want to shut up the footpath?' speculated Allegra. 'Only to show his importance — to make himself felt in the neighborhood. They wouldn't ? have him for their representative, in spite of hu money and his grand Church and State principles, and all the Primro3e Leaguing of his womankind ; and so he turns savage and wants to make himself disagreeable.' Yes, it was true that Mr. Crowther bad stood for Lostwithiel on three separate occasions and with equal unsuoceas on each. This may have embittered him. If the anger of slighted beauty is a furious thing, no less bitter is the sting of wounded vanity in man. And then the parson and the doctor had told Mr. Crowther that he could not close his wood against the publio ; an all-sufficient reason why he should make the attempt. The Crowther family were in the chancel pew in full force. Allegra thought she de tected signs of humiliation and distress in Mrs. Crowther's countenance; but the daughters went through the service with th6ir noses in the air and were more than usually vivacious and conversational among their friends between the church porch and the landau which bore them away to Glenaveril and the sumptuous solemnity of Sunday lun cheon. Merrily went the short autumn days on board the Vendetta and merrily went the tea drinkinge and talk in the drawing-room jtb the Angler's Nest. Mrs. Disney did not often join the yachting expeditions east or west. The sea made her head ache, she told them ; but Mis. Baynham, who loved pleasure of any kind, was always ready to chaperon AUegra, and Isola welcomed the wanderers to the cheery fireside and the friendly five o'clock tea. She epent her own days mostly in the society of ber baby, with whom she seemed to hold a kind ot mysterious commune. She had no idea cf amusing him as the nurse had, none of those conventional tricks and movements which are offered to generation after generation of in fants ; but the child would fie in her lap for hours in a restful happiness while she sang to him in her low sweat voice the French soDgs she had learnt in her early girlhood — songs that the peasants of Brittany eing some of them— and others of a somewhat loftier strain. She would sing him little bits of Mozart, those immortal melodies of in exhaustible sweetness and inexhaustible pathos, music wedded with smiles and tears, melody interwoven with euch melting tender ness as thrills the hearts of the coldest. There was a gentle happinees in these solitary hours whioh the young mother spent with her child ; and Martin Disney coming into the room ?unawares sometimes stood for a minute or so in loving contemplation of that domestic picture— the young fair face with its long pval form and delicate features; tfae pensive gravity of the large violet eyes and mournful droop of the thin, flower-like lips. He had seen such a face on canvas), the ideal Madonna of Kafiaelle, with just that subdued blonde color ing and pale auburn hairand just that thought ful expression. - His heart swelled with gladness and grati tude as he contemplated mother and son. Yes, the child had made all things well in his home. Those aching doubts which he felt as he watched beside hie wife's sick-bed had vanished like clouds before the sun. Who oould doubt the happiness of the mother absorbed in her firstborn ! Who could doubt the love of the wife looking up at her husband with such tender gratitude as he bent over her shoulder to take the little folded fist in his, unfold the crumpled fingers, and press them to his lips? ' You are very fond of him, Martin V she asked with an often-repeated enquiry, knowing what the answer would bs. ' Fond of him ! After you he is all that I have-in this world — except AUegra, who will float away into a world of her own by-and-bye and belong to to no more.' ' After mo 1 He ought to be first, Martin — your son, your heir, your representative in the days to come. He ought to have the first place in your heart, Martin, for he ia your future.' ' No one is first but you.' He dropped the little crumpled hand and took his wife's head between his hands and lifted the fair young forehead, looking down at it fondly before he stooped to kiss the soft clustering hair and pencilled brows and ivory templeB with more than a lover's passion, (To be continued.) 