Parramaitta School of Arts -Debating Society. Ordinary Meeting. PAYMENT OF MEMBEBS. Thb ^ ^ tW(| g ooie^ „ held at the School of Arts on Monday evening, There waB hot a large attendance, In the abeence^of^he^eaker (Mr. C. J. Byrnee, J.P.) Mr. J. W. ffill was voted to the chair. , Minutes The 'minutes of -the previotas meetiog were read and confirmed. "' Noiokatiohs. " Three candidates were nominated for election. \- - . Pa*kent CF Mbmsbbs. The debate on the payment of members' questibn was resumed by Mr. F&wisr;, who considered it would be a retrograde step to abolish payment of members. He pointed out that those whom the introducer of the measure had termed "corrupt at heart" were not answerable for members being .paid, because they were not members, when the bill became law. He would move the following amendment,—"That, in the opinion of thiB House, it is desirable that members on being returned to Parliament jshall state wheitber they wishto be paid for their services, and if answering in the affirmative they shall receive so much, per sitting—as shall hereafter be agreed—such amount not-tojexceed £300 per annum," He maintained that the amendment, if carried, would give those ^patriotic paragons of virtue, who did not wish .to be remunerated, an opportunity of showing how far their patriotism went. .. Several hon. members were willing to pecond the amendment, but not being ready to speak on the subject, and the Chairman being guided by the Speaker's ruliugon a previous occasion, that seconding pro forma debarred them from speaking again, Mr. O'Ebuly said he would, under the cii-cumatancea, eeootid (he amendment. Mr. MoiTBBSHBan, while agreeing that payment of members tended to " corrupt" metnbers, said, con- uption had existed in previous parliaments -to a far greater extent than it did under the present law. He had personally known legislators, .who had arranged for the ooBstrnotion of railways to serve their own ouds. The so- oalled patriotic. legislator would study himeelf first and his oountry after.' Where the men were not paid by the State, they paid themselves. . Payment of members was necessary, beoauae there were as good men among the workers of the country as there were among the aristocracy. Mr. Bobinsin cpul^ not gp the whole length of the amendment; -and he' Wohld oppose the motion also. "The men returned to Parliament should oommand respect. He doubted whether the abolition of payment would'very much change the tone of the House either Way. Mr. ABinmBtargued that payment of members existed in France, and yet they had more parliamentary changes there tban ahywhere else. It had been ~eMdnhal""paymeot of members was a new thiujf.-' It -was not so. From the time of, Edward ~I. "to Elizabeth, it was £ common thing forimetiibers of Pkrliamer' 1 paid. The, British^"Parliament had been largely repreuntativ&.of weiilth,'Tiand neither ministers:normembers had. badTvery clean sheets until lately. It was only since the masses had obtained a .'voice in matters political, that bnythipg like disinterested legisation had taken plaoe. Mr. Ghost 'wojildl support the amendment. A similar plan bad worked wall in Queensland. Mr.: JSwanh , was'against both: motion: land amendment. ,. The jiew .members had certainly not initiated the disgraceful aoenes so frequent in (he House:; .That wm the;work of>the men who' had sat .there:before payment of members hecame-iaw. - - rhe-House could-not consistently abolish Payment of Members after having passed the Eleotoril'^bfohn Bill. THe was oompelled to vote against both motion hnd amendment. The amendment, on being put, was declared lost;" Oh'b division bbihg demanded," it iwias found that there was a majority of one against it. The original motion, pn being put, wa« also lost by a eohradeirable'm&jbrity.; The Houeb then adjourned. According to the report of the laBt meeting of the Society in the' MftBouifr' lof the 7th inst., Mr. Morgan waB stated to have said that the members of th'e Vifctbrian : Assembly were corrupt at heart.—We are requested to notify that thiB'statem'en't was mide in a general asnss, and not as referring to ally obi particular parlia ihent. ' ''" ,1 ' "' .' The Single Tax debate takes place «n-Thursday next, the 22nd inst.;-at the School of Arts. The Debating Society 'will be represented by Messrs. J. W.'Hill, W. Mottershead, and'T. J. Bobinson, while the Bev. G. W. Smailes, and Messrs. John Sauoders and ^.Fuller will (peak forthe Bingle^Taxera. • ' 