Literary aud Theatrical. Some Bo-called Barns manuscripts, besides others supposed to be equally interesting and valuable, in the Lennox Library, New York, have pioved, on clo3e examination, to be forgeries. The manufacturo of these spurious documenta included papers relating to such varied celebri ties, Scottish and English, as Mary Queen of Scots, Cromwell, Claverhouse, and Rob Roy, as well as to the immortal lyric poet of Scotland. It is strange that they should have imposed on persons possessed of even ordinary skill in things of the kind-for they are.it appeare, all written on similar paper, a lact which should at once have aroused suspicions of their genuine ness. A Mr. John Jackson, who is shortly to publish a volume on caligrapby, must evidently be one who, in the old-fashioned phrase, would have been described as " an eminent penman." His book is to treat of the theory and practice of handwriting, and is meant for the edification and instruction of "Schooiboards, teachers, and students of the art." A memoir of the late Lady De Eos is to be published by Murray. It will contain reminis cences of the gi eat Duke of Wellington and other famous personages with whom her ladyship was intimate. Professor Pearson's new work, entitled *' Na tional Life and Character," is described by the TIMES as "a very rema-kable and withal a depressing book." It is an attempt to show, contrary to popular and, indeed, it may be added, philosophic theory, that there are limits to the progress of highly civi lised races. " The main argument," observes the TIMBS, " is closely knit and very cogently stated ; but in its subsidiary elucidations and expansions Mr. Pearson seems to have loBt himself in a series of not too coherent aperçus and reflections, always ingenious and very often suggestive, but sometimes rather wayward and even arbitrary. Nevertheless, it is an emphat ic, and on the whole an effective, counterblast to the triumphant and incoherent pamns of progress with which the ears of our generation have been so incessantly, and often so unfortunately dinned." Among the novels which have recently ap peared is one entitled " Foiled," by the Hon. Mrs. Henniker, a daughter of the late Lord Houghton, so well known for his fine literary tastes and sympathies, and for his gift of writing very grace ful verse. The Rev, R. Owen has undertaken to write the life of his grandfather, the late Sir Richard Owen, the famous natural ist. The work, which Mr. Murray is to publish, will be be based on Sir Richard's correspondence, and also on his wife's diary. Sir Henry Drummond Wolfe is going to publish, through Mr. Murray, "Some Notes of the Past," the greater part of which have already been privately printed and have been in circulation among the writer's friends. They contain an account of his visit to Germany in 1870-71, and a sketch of the Prince Imperial. A correspondent of a London contemporary fur nishes some interesting particulars of the late Mi B. Frances Kemble, the once celebrated Fanny Kemble of the stage, but best known to the pre sent generation by some charming volumes of per sonal recollections. "For two or three years before her death her memory almost entirely failed her. She forgot the names of friends ; she forgot the facts of her private life ; she forgot the incidents of her brilliant stage career. Her greatest pleasures were having the Bible read to her and writing to her danghter in Phila delphia. She lost, however, part of the use of her hands, and during the last few months in writing these letters her hand had to be guided by her daughter, Mrs. Leigh, 1he wife of Canon Lei 'h. Miss Kemble lived with them during the summer at an old-fashioned house at Limpsfield, in Surrey, returning to Gloucester Place, Port man Square, for the winter." To thia melancholy picture of "old mortality" is appended an additional anecdote of Fanny Kemble's declining days, which is c* iefly remark able for containing a curious blunder as to names. Says the paragraph alluded to : " It is many years since the great actresa was seen in society, and she greatly preferred the retirement of Surrey. Now and again communications from the outer world would reach her in the shape of requests for autographs, most of them coming from the United States. Only once was the old lady known to respond to these requests. An American gentleman sent an engraving which he had purchased 'trom a picture of Miss Fanny Kemble by Sir Joshua Reynolds,' and beg¿e]i that she would attach her autograph to it. The engraving was really Sir Joshua's portrait of her Bister; and as a consolation forthetiick which had been practised upon him the recluse sent her correspondent a photograph of herself, to which she appended her autograph." The idea of Sir Joshua Reynolds painting a picture of Fanny Kemble or her 6ister of course involves an absurd anachronism. He was dead ; before either of th^m was born. As is well known he painted Fanny Kemble's famous au at, Sarah Siddons, and he possibly might have painted Fanny Kemble's mother, the Mis3 De Camp of those days, though we have a pretty strong im pression that he did not. But as to the celebrated English, master oE the 18th century painting either of the daughters of Miss De ' Camp, both of whom belonged to this century, the thing was impossible unless indeed Sir Joshua's ghost had come back to do the job. If, however, for Sir Joshua Reynolds Sir Thomas Lawrence be substituted, tue correct name of the limner asso ciated with the Kemble sisters will probably have been got at. At all events there was, and no doubt still is, a portrait of the youthful Fanny Kemble by Lawrence. Engravings from it were at one time t?o be seen in all the theatrical print shops of London. Thackeray, on meeting Fanny Kemble as a middle-aged woman, and talking of the great success of her debut at Covent Garden, told her how all the yoong fellow s used to be in love with her Juliet, and to have engravings of her from Lawrence's picture in their rooms. Rumor says that the collaboration of Sir Arthur Sullivan and Mr. Gilbert is to be resumed. The lobers of comic opera will rejoice at this, for most decidedly nothing in that way which has been furnished to the English Btage can compare with what tho author and composer of the " Pinafore" series have contributed. However, it seems that the conjunction is now a settled matter, and another G'lbert-Sullivan opera may be expected at tho Savoy in the course of next autumn. There ÍB the best authority tor stating that Mr. Gilbert has outlined the plot of his new work, ¡ind that he and Sir Arthur Sullivan at Monte Carlo have settled details. Upon this satisfaction ot many hopes there will be congi adulations all round. Miss Genevieve Ward is to p'ay the part of Queen Elinor in Tennyson's "Beckec," now in course of preparation for production at tho Lyceum Theatre. It is well known that before she appeared in drama Miss Ward had achieved distinction on the lyric stage. She sang under the name of Madame Guerrabella. Her ca eor as an operatic artist was, however, sud denly cut short through her loss of voice, occasioned by bor generously assuming an important role for a professional sister who was indisposed, and while she herself happened to be in indifferent health. But, as will not have been forgotten by those who have Been Miss Ward in " Forgot Me Not," the snatch of song which she had to introduce in that piece showed that her singing voice had not wholly departed, lt is said to have been recovered still more of Ute, though Miss Ward hae certainly passed the time of life when any notable developments or re- developments of the vocal organ aro likely to take place. Anyhow, such gift3 in that way as she may be abie to exhibit will have some opportunity for exercise in the character of Elinor, as one of the finest of Tenny son's later lyrics is assigned to the Queen O vor tho sweet summer clodes, The reign of tho roses ia done, Over and (?ono with the roses, Over und gone with the sun. Zola has recently been giving his views ot interviewing t<* an interviewer. Apart from th« other interest which attaches to his remarks or the subject there is that arising fi om the fact that he is one of the beBt interviewed men in . th« world. But he thinks tho thing might be muct better done than it is. " Papers," he saye "ought to entrust their interviews to writers ol the first class, to novelists of the front rank. Mail voila ! Men of great talent have other fish to f rj -fortunately for them ! As it is, interviewers ar« either well-meaning young men who lack ex perience, or highly-imaginative persons withoul scruples. I make ono or two exceptions-but n( more." Said the great novelist: " I could wiite a bool called ' The Errors of My Interviewers.' Th< funniest mistake over made by any of them wai perpetrated by De Amicis, the well-known Italiai writer. It was in 1878, when I was living in tb< Rue Ballu. I received him in my study. In ai adjoining room were two puppies, who were play ing and barking. De Amicis mistook the yelpi of these dogs for children's cries, and he impartei to the world in his interview that I was thehapp; father of two bouncing babies." To the gentlemen to whom he imparted thes confidences Zola made a farther and final state ment, on which he laid particular emphasis : " want you," said he, " to insist on one point ii your report of what I have said. 1 wish you fe state positively that every word an interviewe ascribes to me is to be taken as if it had neve been uttered. I only recognise as expiessing m; opinion what I have written with my own pei and signed. In consequence I deny any descrip tion of authenticity to any and every interview t which I have been subjected." 