FICTION. ifllib* American» and Olbar P PAULIÑALISLE. aTrom KnilUh« American» and Olbar Periodical!. ' PABT I.-CHAPTER, IL-{Continued). Then, more suddenly than she had sab down Bhe arose, her whole face working, and held out her arms with a suppressed sob. "Eobertl" she cried, "oh, my Eobert! my Robert ! come back !" Duke Mason thrilled to the heart as he watched that passionate, despairing gesture-as be heard that wild appeal. It was the old commonplace story, then- so old, so commonplace, so unspeakably pathetic always-" crossed in love," as the house- maids call it. This beautiful and mysterious fairy princess imprisoned here had a lover in the back- ground, just like ordinary young persons, and a flinty-hearted parent or guardian had shut her up here, pending such, time as she should come to her senses. Just at that instant the rapid rolling oJE wheels outside told Duke the chaise was returning. An instant later, and the gates were flung wide open, and the chaise whirled rapidly up the drive to the house. " I wonder what he thought when he found the key gone !" reflected Mr. Mason, with a chuckle. The chaise stopped before the portico entrance, and, by the light of the lamps, the watcher in the tree saw a tall man spring out, say a fen words rapidly and authoritatively, as one accustomed to command, and disappear into the house. The carriage was driven round to the rear, and silence fell upon Lyndith Grange. The young lady in the lighted room had heard, and seen, too. When Duke looked again, her whole attitude had changed. She stood erect, her little figure seeming to dilate and grow tall, her head thrown hack, her great eycB alight, her small hands tightly clenched, " Like a little game-cock ruffling his feathers for the combat," thought the watcher. " I wonder if this is Robert, now ! Not likely, though, or she wouldn't look quite BO belligerent." That moment the door was flung open, and the gentleman entered. A tall gentleman, elderly and stout, and florid and good-looking, with a great profusion of whiskers and iron-grey hair. A gentleman as grim and stern as Lyndith Grange itself, who gave the young lady a cool glance, a cool nod, and a cool greeting. " How do, Olivia ? How do you find yourself to-night ? Any change for the better Bince I saw you last, two weeks ago. Ho whirled up the eaBiesfc chair in the room I before the fire as he spoke, stretched out his long legs to the blaze, threw back his head, looked hal£-contemptuouBly, hal£-eoinpas3ionately, at the rigid figure of the girl. I " Don't stand there as stiff as though you were posing for one of Pygmalion's statues, Olivia," said the gentleman ; " and, for Heaven's sake, don't let us have any high tragedy to-night. It's all very well on the boards of Covent Garden, but in private life let us drop the tragic toga. Come up here, and let me see how you look, and tell me if you are tired of Lyndith Grange, and the rats, and the ghosts, and the solitude, and if you are prepared to listen to reason, and return to town yet. Come !" She drew near obediently, leaning in her first attitude against the mantel, her large, starry eyes looking bigger and blacker than ever with excite- ment and definance. The firelight shone upon them both-a very striking picture ; on the girl's dark red dress and loose golden hair, on the man's Mack whiskers, and stern, powerful face. There was a resemblance between them both that marked . them of the same blood, and some of the man's iron will flashed back at him out of the girl's impas- sioned eyes. " I will never go back to town on your terms. Uncle Geoffrey !" she said, her voice trembling with excitement. " Never ! never ! I can live here-I can die here, if you will, but I'll never ' yield ! I only wish I could die, but I live on and on, with all that makes life woith living for gone." Her lips trembled, her voice died away. The man looked at her with a sneering smile. " Which, translated, means Bobert Lisle in gone^ and after him the deluge. I wonder yon like to allude to him, my dear. Disgrace has rarely come to people of your blood, and such disgrace as you have brought uporf us rarely comes to air family. You will not yield. May I ask wbit! you mean to do?" " You shall hear, Und« Geoffrey," looking at him with a stran£r»>-,vlld tight in her dark, dilated eyes. " You tnow the Black Pool over yonder amona1 «*e firs ? Well, sometimes when I remember uti'that is past, of all that is coming, I just think /I will go down there, and throw myself in, and make an end to it." The gentleman shrugged his shoulders, the sneer- ing smile still on bis face. "Indeed ! That sensational idea I am quite sure passes away very quickly. And then ?" The girl looked away from him into the fire. '?' You are harder than stone, harder than iron, Geoffrey Lyndith. You have neither heart nor conscience." " My dear Olivia," Mr. Lyndith said, still smil- ing, " don't be violent, and don't resort to vitupera tion-it's always a woman's resource when worsted, and, poor things, how easily they are worsted in any controversy whatever. Yea, I dare say I seem hard to you, my poor Livey, but you must recollect we Lyndiths are a hard race, from old Sir Malise, who ran the young cavalier through the body, in this very room I believe. My late lamented brother your father, was a hard man, and if you didn't in- herit a little of the traditional hardness, my love, you wouldn't rebel and persist in rebellion in this obstinate fashion. And you know, my child, you owe us some reparation for the disgrace of the past." "Disgrace!" repeated the girl, with sullen anger ; " you needn't use that word quite so often, I think. I'll not marry Sir Vane Charteris, if that's what you mean. I'll not ! I'll die first." Still Mr. Lyndith locked at her, as a man might look at a headstrong child, resisting with all its small might. " You'll die first ! My poor little romantic Livey ' It's so easy to say that- so very hard to do. The heroines of your favourite three-volume novels die upon the smallest provocation, I am »ware-drop quite naturally of heart disease in the midst of a ball-room, or go off with a hectic flush Upon their cheeks, and an unnatural lustre in their eyes, when their Charleses or their Roberta desert them. But we don't do that in every-day life, and ( yon come of such an unromantically healthy and j long-lived race, my Olivia-much mor« likely to j finish with apoplexy or gout than poetic heart I disease or decline. And I don't think you'll kill yourself. Life is very sweet to young persons of nineteen, even though they have lost their Robert-" The girl started up, goaded to sort of frenzy. " Uncle Geoffrey, do you want to drive me mad ? Don't go too far ! I warn you, it is not safe ! Ah Heaven have pity, for there is none on earth !" She broke out into such a wild storm of hysterical sobbing that the man she addressed was really a little startled. Only a little, for he knew women very well ; and he knew when the tears and sobs come they are by no means at their most dangerous. When the lightning blazes there is some cause for alarm ; when the rain pours the storm is pretty well spent. He sat and watched her as she wept, her whole slight form shaken by her sobs- watched her quite calmly. Duke Mason, on the outside, set his teeth, and clenched his fists, and felt a true-born Briton's instinct of hitting out from the shoulder strong within him. " "What a comfort it would be to go in and polish off the scoundrel !" thought Mr. Mason. Geoffrey Lyndith stretched out his hand and touched her. She Bhook it off as though it had been a viper. " Don't touch me !" she cried ; " don't speak to me! You have been the cruellest guardian, the most unfeeling uncle that ever lived. You say my father was a hard man. Perhaps so ; but he never would have broken my heart, and driven me to despair, as you have done !" " Your father would have broken Eobert Lisle's head!" retorted her uncle, coolly. "He would have shot him like a dog, as he was, and instead of bearing with your rebellious humours, as I have done, he would hare made you marry Sir Vane Charteris months ago. Take care, Olivia, that you do not weary even my patience and forbearance ! Take care I do not force you to obey !" "Yon cannot!"' " That remains to be seen. What is to hinder my fetching Sir Vane and a clergyman down and marrying you out of hand ?»" " No clergyman would perform such a marriage.'« " The Eeverend George Loftus would. He owes me his living, and he understands this case exactly, and knows I am but obeying your late father's in- structions. I give you one more week, Olivia. If your reason has not returned by that time, we will try what a little wholesome coercion will do. Once married, these whims and vapours of yours will end. You will like Sir Vane-women always ¿ike their husbands after marriage, you know, and I dare say you'll be a very sensible wife, as wives go, yet. I'm going down to dinner now." He pulled out his watch. "Will you take my arm, Miss Lyndith ?" " No, I want no dinner." "As you please. Think matters over, my dear, and, for pity's sake, do try to be calm, and drop melodrama. Give me your promise, and I will fetch you back to-morrow. We Lyndiths always keep our word." He left the room as he spoke. The girl crossed to the window, wringing her hands in frantic, helpless, despairingly appeal. " Oh !" Rhe cried, " is there no help in all heaven and earth for me ?" She was standing close by one of the windows, and the passionate prayer was scarcely uttered be- fore it was answered. A man's face looked at her through the glass-a man's voice spoke. " Don't be alarmed," said the voice, as the man pulled off his hat. " I'll help you, if you'll only tell me how !" 