The Brigand's Gratitude. [ARTHUR SMEDLEY GREEN.] Some years ago I was journeying on foot through a very lonely part of Italy in search of natural history specimens. I had been warned at my last stopping place that to travel alone was unsafe, aa the surrounding hills were infested by brigands as lawless and cruel aa only brigands can be. This warning, however, I laughingly ignored, and with all the assurance and self-reliance of an American citizen I trudged on my way. I had walked for several hours, only stopping to examine some object of interest, and I was just hugging my self at the thought of how much I had saved in dispensing with an escort, when from out the still- ness came the sharp command, uttered in broken English : " Hold up your hands !" Immediately there arose on all sides, from behind rocks and bushes, men armed to the teeth. I was bewildered by the suddenness of the attack, and at the first command I instinctively raised my hands above my head. The speaker, a tall, muscular man, who looked villainous enough for anything, covered me with his rifle. I was surrounded, my arma bound and my eyes bandaged before I could collect my scattered wits. I was then marched along on rough, uneven ground and at last after what seemed hours we leached a narrow path, bounded by rocks, and I was pushed along in front, the others following in single file. (Vhen we arrived at our destination the bandage was removed from my eyeB and I saw that I had been brought to a cave, which I judged from the surroundings to be the storehouse and abode of the robbers. The leader approached me, and in broken English demanded my name, busines?, whence I came and whither I was going, and if I had friends who would ransom me ¡ but when he informed me of the amount of the ransom I answered him that I had no friends rich enough to give that sum of ' money for ray release. With a curse he ordered his men to take me away, and I was thrown into a smaller cave hewn out of the rock, which waB lighted by a small hanging lamp, and one of the bond, a fine intelligent looking young fellow', remained as guard over me. " What are they going to do with me ?" I asked him in Italian. He looked at me sadly for a moment, then said : " If you are not ransomed-you will die." In spite of the words he had just uttered, which pronounced my doom, eomething in his manner attracted me. I tried to draw him into further conversation, but not another word would he speak» so finding that further attempt would be useless, I prepared to make myself as comfortable as circum atonces would permit. In the pocket of my coat I had a copy of The Detroit Free Press, which I had lately received from friends in America, and this I began to read. I noticed as I opened the paper that my guard's attention woe fixed intently upon it, and as I raised my eyes he came forward and in pure English said : " That is the first Free Press I have seen for ten years." ^ As he spoke a look of intense sorrow came over bia face. He pressed his hand to his brow and stood for some moments as if in deep thought, and from his lips came the one word, " Mother." Some keeD memory had evidently been awakened by the sight of this dear old paper and in that memory all else was forgotten. That ghost of the paît, whatever it might be, which arose before his eyes, blotted out for the time the remem- brance that he was an outlaw and robber and, perhaps, a murderer. His rifle fell from his grasp to the Band floor with a thud which aroused him from his reverie. He looked like a man just awakened from a deep sleep, and as ho turned his laige, dark eyes full upon me I saw that they were glibtening with tears. In a voice which shook with emotion he said : " Ten years ago I was my widowed mother's idol^ her only son, and I left her one evening with the promise to return in a short time. As I kissed her she said : " ' Come back soon, ray son, for I have my Free Press and I want you to read it to me.' " " I left her with that promise on my lips, left her to join companions whose boat was already launched on that accursed stream that leads to robbery, dis- honor and death. That night a man met his death trying to defend another's property. I did not kill him, but I was an accomplice. I fled the country to drift into what yon see me now. 1 " Oh, God ! to think that in all these years I never seen my mother's face !" As he finished speaking he sank to the floor in an agony of grief. I had listenedfto this narrative in a half-bewildered way. I was a prisoner, he my keeper, but at this all the sympathy of mynatme asserted itself ; and, kneeling beside him I spoke of forgiveness, of future possibilities and of the mother growing old and worn with care, who, perhaps, was waiting and watching for her long lost son. As I spoke his grief became less violent and at last he rose to his feet, Bhook the sand from his dress, as though with it he would shake off the sins of his past. A look of determined resolve spread over his face, he glanced around to see that no one was within hearing, and in a hoarse whisper said . " You are my prisoner, hut for my mother's sake you shall be free before the sun riseB. After that I also shall he free-or dead. " At 12 o'clock," he continued, " my watch will be relieved. We must exchange clothes and when the guard comeB you mußt Balute, hand my rifle to him, and pass out through the opening which you will easily find. It is a clear night, and the stars will guide you. " Once outside you must give a low, whistle, and a young woman will join you. Speak no word and she will think it is me, for we were to have met at 12\. Place your finger on your lips as a sign for silence. Motion her to precede you, and when tho the end of the ravine ia passed, give her this ring, and tell her what I have done. With her lies your chance of freedom ¡ with her also lies my only hope of escape from death." I did as I waa bidden, pouring forth my thanks the while. I tried to protest against so great a sacrifice, but he continued to divest himself of his clothing and arms with a determination that nothing could turn aside. When the exchange was com- plete, he placed hiB rifle in my hands, saying as he did so : " This is no sacrifice ; if I die it will be but retri- bution." Thus it was that I passed from torture and death to freedom ; thus it waa that I owe my life to that old copy of the Detroit Free Press. ****** Some yoars after tho events narrated above, I was awakened by the violent ringing of the night bell (I am a member of the medical profession in Baltimore), and from the speaking tube hy my side came the hurried request that I would como at once to the hedBide of a dying woman, I started immediately, and when I arrived at my destination I was ushered into the presence of a white-haired old lady, who had evidently exceeded the allotted time of life, and was now about to pass away. Around her bedside stood a group of anxious watchers, but one among them, a handsome, sun- burned man, about 35 years of ago, riveted my attention. Our eyes instantly met. A look of recognition and memory passed from one to the other, and I knew ttiat before me stood the man who once saved my life. " Mother ! mother !" ho cried, " I havo found him. Mother, cannot you lipar me ? I have found the man whom you have prayed to see, the man who gave you back your son." A change carne over the face of the dying woman. She tried to raise herself, but willing hands were instantly stretched out to assist her, and turning upon me a look of intense gratitude she said : " I thank and bless you. "See!" she cried, gaining new strength, as Bho pointed to the opposite wall. " There is the meB sago you carried from a broken-hearted mother to her lost son." I looked in the direction indicated by her hand and there in a stout oaken frame was the first pa¿o of The Detroit Free Press. That night the old lady passed away, and by her bedside the son of that long- suffering woman, told me of the many dangers he passed through in effecting his escape from the band who sought for vengeance, the finding of his mother in poverty and distress ; and there ateo he presented to me the brave woman who guided me to freedom, who also saved the life of her Jover, and introduced her as "my wife." 