CHAPTER XXXIX. ON THE VERGE. Jacob Freckleton'e dreams of wealth ap- peared to be in a fair way of speedy realiza- tion, for after weeks of weary waiting—after vainly cudgelling his not too strong brain for a scheme that would enable him to secure the buried treasure, accident had done that which he had failed to do for himself. The friendly acquaintance Jacob had struck up with the stoker had not been permitted to lapse; on the contrary, the wily old fellow had been at considerable pains in order to place himself on terms of the closest intimacy with his newly-made friend. Night after night, after his first successful venture, Sam Tyson—that was the name Freckleton had selected in place of his own--- had visited the watchman at his work, always staying a while to chat with his new friend, who seemed fond of the other's company; taking with him occasionally a pint of beer or stout in a bottle, or perchance a nip of whisky; and sitting there in front of the glowing fires on the rough seat the two spent many a pleasant and gossipy half-hour together. Tyson had manufactured a neat little story, unto which the fireman had listened atten- tively and with every sign of belief. Prior to a few weeks ago, when he first came to Leghsbury, Freckleton said that he had held a good position in an office in Manchester, which he had been compelled to resign owing to his weak sight. He had saved a little money, and had come to Leghsbury thinking he might pick up a job of some sort—such as night watchman, firer-up, or anything suitable to his strength and years. He had asked his friend if he knew of any job that was vacant, and had received an answer in the negative. But the good-- natured workman had promised to let Tyson know if he heard of any shop that was empty; and the other had thanked him, and mentioned where he lived. One night when Tyson paid the watchman a visit, the latter had news of the most interest- ing kind to relate to him. Lewis's workman was just throwing a few spadesful of slack on the fires when Jacob walked up and seated himself, and the other, pausing a moment at his task, said:— "Hello, Tyson, is that you? I was just wondering when I should see you. If you hadn't turned up to-neet I should ha' come to your place to-morrow." "What for?" "Because there's a shop going to be empty which will just suit you." "Indeed. What is it?" "A neet watchman's place." "Where at!" "Here." "Why, are you leaving it?" "I am. But its this way. Harry Sharrock —him as fires up in the day—is leaving at the end of the week, and as its more money than my own job I axed for his place an' have gotten it too. So they'll want a watchman next week, and if you look after the shop I daresay as yo'll get it." "Then I'll look after it at once. Who shall I have to see about the matter?" "Mester Stott, the manager. If you like I'll go to him to-morrow with you." "Thank you. If I get the place I will give you five shillings." On the following day Freckleton and his friend saw the manager of Pennyhurst Mill, and their visit was successful. The place of night-watchman was promised to Samuel Tyson, and he was ordered to start on his new job-on the following Sunday evening. When the time came, Jacob did not fail to put in an appearance. The friend whose place he had taken had instructed him in his duties, and he went to the mills that memorable even- ing with the brightest and gladdest of hearts, for were not at last all barriers between him and the crimson fortune removed. At least the only obstacle in the way now was a brick wall, which he would be able to remove with a few hours' patient labour; and then the treasure he had buried there all those years ago would be his; and he would be away from Leghsbury for ever. Jacob was at his new job betimes. Half an hour before he reached Pennyhurst the mills had closed, and the men and women, lads and lasses, had trooped homeward. At six o'clock the whole place was deserted and the new watchman was in possession. His heart thrilled as he thought of the good luck that had befallen him. He had the free run now of the place he had thought about--- dreamed of all those dreary hours at Selborne Lodge. Without exciting the least suspicion he could roam at will about the old and new mills, the factory yard and the fire holes, where the crimson fortune was so snugly and safely housed. After receiving the keys from the old fellow who had charge of the lodgehouse and en- trance gate during the daytime, Jacob had made a careful tour of inspection of the whole place. He had been furnished with the lamp his predecessor had formerly carried, and he had flashed the light into every nook and corner—had looked into every doorway, alley, and outhouse in the extensive factory yard, in order to assure himself that no one was about before he commenced to dig out the treasure. When he was done with the task of search- ing the place he made his way to the fire holes. Opening the iron doors he perceived that the fires were burning low, so he threw a few spadesful of slack upon each one. Then he seated himself on the rude seat and rested for a few minutes. As he sat there his wizened face was puckered in thought, the glow from the falling red hot cinders fell on his feet and the ground about them, and his eyes wandered towards the low wall which bounded that side of the Pennyhurst factory yard, and across which he had made his way that night when he first made the acquaintance of the former night watchman. He could hear voices in the high road that ran alongside the wall—could even discern the faint outlines of passing pedestrians—and noting those things he recognised a danger that had previously escaped his attention. The wall behind which the money lay could be seen from the road, and if he was to sit there exposed to the view of any chance passer-by, he might be interrupted at the work—might even be frustrated from accom- plishing his great plan. What was he to do? Wait until midnight was come and gone, when the chance of any one seeing him would be small indeed? Or erect a temporary screen between him and the highroad? He could not bear the thought of waiting. He had waited so long already that his fingers were literally itching now to grasp the buried treasure. He would shelter himself at once from the eyes of wayfarers, and then cut out the solid brickwork which barred his way to the gold and notes. Rising, he left the fireholes and went at a quick pace towards the new mill. In his pre- vious visit to that part he had noticed a pile of timber—light spars and deal boards—lying about, and with a portion of these he meant to cover in the spot he intended to attack with hammer and chisel. Reaching the pile he shouldered several long slabs, and staggering under their weight ran back to the boilers, and placed them in a sloping position against the wall which formed one side of the engine-house. Then he hurried back for another load, got it, and was fixing the boards in their places when he heard a crash, then a clatter; and when he leaped round, with his heart at his throat, he was amazed to see a man's form come rolling down the heap of slack. "What do you want here?" Jacob screamed in a maniacal way. "Do you want to be locked up? Get away at once, or I'll have you locked up! Be quick, too, or it will be the worse for you, whoever you are." By the time the half frenzied old fellow had ceased screaming, the man who had made such an undignified appearance on the scene had picked himself up and was striding towards Jacob; and a hoarse yell of terror and amaze- ment fell from Freckleton's lips as he saw the face of the newcomer and recognised it. "My God! It's Atherton's ghost!" he gasped out, and fell grovelling on the earth. "Not a ghost, you scoundrel!" Will Ather- ton cried, as he stood over the man he had sought so long in vain. "But if I am not a dead man it is not because you did not do your best to kill me—bury me alive. Don't grovel there, you villain, but get up and come with me." "Go away! Go away!" Jacob exclaimed, having mastered his terror to some extent now. "What do you want here with me? Why can't you leave me alone?" "You may well ask that, you murderous rascal!" Atherton replied, indignantly. "Get up or I will give you a kick in the ribs." "I'm not a murderer, Atherton. On my soul I'm not!" Jacob muttered abjectly, as he rose slowly to his feet. "I had nothing to do with Adam Blackburn's death. As true as God's in heaven I hadn't!" "Who had then?" "How should I know?" "Why did you try to get me out of the way then by pulling down the roof and locking me in? If you were not the murderer what had you to fear from me?" "I wasn't afraid of you on that account, Atherton," Freckleton answered, glaring around and wondering how he was to escape from the strong man at his side. "What were you afraid of then?" the stern- faced ex-convict demanded. "Of the money! That was all!" "The money which cost poor Blackburn his life and also cost me mine also, you contemp- tible worm! Where is the money?" "I can't remember where I hid it away." "But how did you come to get hold of it at all unless you are implicated in the murder?" Atherton said. "If you want me to believe that you are innocent you must tell me." "I can't! I daren't!" Jacob snivelled. "Dare not! Why?" "I cannot tell you even that. If I told you it would cost me my life—perhaps." "It may cost you your life if yon don't. You will not have an opportunity, Freckleton, of fooling me again," muttered Will grimly. "You fooled me before because I was ass enough to think you mad when you were only shamming insanity. You will have to tell me all you know or come with me at once to the police station." "I will not be taken there, Will Atherton," Jacob exclaimed, "I never laid a finger on Adam Blackburn, and if you were sent to prison it was not my fault." "You will not speak then—ah, would you trick me again?" Suddenly Freckleton had twisted round, darted away, and was running at a swift pace across the factory yard in the direction of the new mill. For a moment only did Atherton pause there, and then he tore away after Freckleton, whose figure was only dimly visible in the darkness. The race was soon over. Will's strong long limbs covered twice the ground in a stride that Freckleton's did, and presently the panting runaway was overtaken. Atherton had seized the coat collar of the other in a firm grip, and the pair of them came to a standstill beside the old offices wherein the murder had been perpetrated. Neither of the excited men noticed that a light was burn- ing in the master's room—a light that was not there when Jacob made his tour of inspection about an hour before—and which died down as soon as the men's voices were again raised in anger. "You thought you were going to give me the slip, did you? I permitted that before, but it will not occur again. And now, Freckleton, you must understand one thing clearly. Unless you tell me all you know you will be in gaol this night!" "What for? As true as God is above us, Atherton, I never touched the dead man." "If you didn't—and I'm inclined to think that you are innocent of his death, because you were too cowardly a cur to take such a course—you must know who did. You know that I have you in my power—that I can send you to penal servitude for ten years!" "What for? What for?" "For attempting to bury me alive down the mine that night. All the officials there know of the criminal attempt on my life you made that night, because I told them all about it. And if I lay a charge against you it will mean a life sentence, probably, for you. And, besides that, there is a lot of other evidence against you in connection with the murder of Adam Blackburn. You know where the money is—must know the murderer—and as an accessory either before or after the fact, you are liable to be sentenced to death. Will you confess or shall I drag you to the police station?" "For God's sake spare me, Atherton ?" Jacob cried pleadingly, "Spare you and permit my own name to be for ever stained with blood! No! If you will not tell me you must take the worst. Come along. I've no more time to waste on you!" Atherton's fingers closed like a vice on Freckleton's arm, and he commenced to drag him from the place, the other struggling in his grasp like a child, and crying, cursing, plead- ing idiotically. "Stop! Atherton, stop! and I'll tell you!" "Out with it then." "Will you promise me one thing?" "What is it?" "If I tell you who it was that murdered Adam Blackburn, will you release me at once and let me go my way?" "No! I cannot do that. I must know the murderer, and you will have to give evidence against him to clear me. And again there is the money. That must be found." "If I tell you will you help me to get the money?" "I will." "And permit me to have it all?" "No." "We'll share it then. It will make both of us rich, Atherton," Jacob whined. "Not even that. Do you think I would touch a penny of the blood-stained money? No, Freckleton. The money must be found and handed over to Adam Blackburn's son. You are an old man with one foot in the grave, and how dare you think of preparing for death by living in idleness on the price of one man's life and another's soul? The thought of seeing justice done at last has sustained me all these years—has brought me out of that which was worse than death; and do you think I will descend to less now?" "But we are both so poor; and what am I to do when I have confessed—when every man's hand is against me for concealing the real murder so long? Let us get the money, divide it, and then I'll tell you everything," pleaded the avaricious rascal. "I must know everything—must do every- thing that an honest man can do. Now, no more words. Speak at once, or I will swear that I will drag you to the Police Station at once! If I quit this spot without learning what I desire to know I will send you to penal servitude! I mean it, by heaven. Now speak. Who killed Adam Blackburn?" "Let go my arm—you are hurting me—and I will tell you all I know." "Don't attempt to escape again, Freckle- ton!" Atherton said menacingly, as he dropped the other's arm. "If you run again I will bring you down with one of these bricks. Now go on with what you have got to confess." "Well, Atherton, it happened in this way," Jacob began, after a little cough and a moment's reflection. "You remember the night of the murder? Well, on that night I chanced to be going home about eleven, and I passed the office there. I was surprised to see a light burning in the place at that time of night, and thinking it was you who was working late I crept up to the window and looked in----" "And what did you see?" Atherton asked in a tone of intense excitement. "I saw our old master leaning on his table and apparently asleep, and beside him was the gold and notes he had received for the sale of the mill; and behind him was a man who was masked, and in whose uplifted hand a big long knife was gripped. He stood there for some moments, but it seemed a long time to me. I watched the sleeping man and the masked man behind him, spellbound with horror, and quite unable to move hand or foot, or to shout out, which I tried to do several times. My tongue was powerless, and my lips refused to open. I felt that a murder was going to be done, and I wanted with all my heart to stop it. But I was paralysed, and the horror of the sight and the thoughts of that long knife being plunged into the sleeping man's back, gave me the shock which upset my poor brain!" Jacob paused and wiped the beads of per- spiration from his brow and face, and Ather- ton cried impatiently, excitedly— "Go on, Jacob! Go on! What happened after that?" "I saw the knife fall and disappear in Adam Blackburn's back. Then things seemed to spin all round, and for a moment or two I could see nothing—could think of nothing. But when I was right again I saw the mur- derer hastily throwing the gold and banknotes into a small iron-bound cashbox, and when he gathered it all in, he stole away. I followed him. He did not go far without stopping. I knew his purpose. He had got the box in his hand, and intended to bury the money for which he had committed murder." "Curse the money!" Atherton exclaimed passionately. "What do I want to know of that? Who was the murderer? Did you see his face?" "I did, for he had taken off the mask, and I saw him plainly." "Who was it?" "Who do you think?" "How can I say. Speak the name for heaven's sake, Freckleton!'' "Well, it was----" Jacob paused, and his companion waited with tensely strung nerves for the next word. It did not come. Gazing at Freckleton, Atherton saw that his face was distorted, his eyes fixed in a strange weird way, as if he had lost his sanity again at the fateful moment the name of the criminal was on his tongue. "Will you speak, curse you?" Will hissed, hoarse with the mental strain and trembling with intense excitement. "Or shall I drag the name out of your mouth? Speak, or----" Atherton fell like a log with the unfinished menace in his throat. The loaded end of a heavy walking-stick swung savagely on high by a fear-goaded arm had crashed down on his temple, felling him swiftly, silently, as the expert slayer of beasts fells oxen. "You damnable traitor!" the new comer thundered in the face of the cowering night watchman. "You would have betrayed me after all these years! I thought you were dead, blast you! But I'll stop your throat for ever to-night!" The only reply Jacob Freckleton made was an idiotic, a blood-curdling laugh. His reason had fled again. 