PROVINCIAL NEWS. RivertoB, February 17. Ad accident happened bat Monday on the farm of Mr. J. G. Kelly. Whilst a ' header' was being worked the belt slipped off tha wheel, and the horaea being very reativ* a young man named W. Pawson ran to stop them, and, tripping over the rod of the work*, fell. The horsee treading on him cut him badly about the head and face. He was taken to Dr. Allwork, who dressed the wounds, and he is now progressing favourably. On the same evening Mr. Thomas Kelly waa riding to hu brother's faim, when hie hone ran into a barbed-wire fence, Mr. Kelly receiv ing a severe cut below the knee. Dr. Allwork was eent for, and stitched up the wound. Harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the Wesleyan Churches in this Circuit were conducted last Sunday by the Rev. H. H. Teague, of Kapunda, in the morning and evening at Rivexton, and in the afternoon at Rbynie. The services were well attended, the chapels being nicely decorated. A picnio was held on Wednesday in Mr. J. Harris's paddock. Gum Vale, and the usual games were indulged in. A quantity of goods left from the bazaar last Christmas Eve were reoffered and isposed of. The proceeds were in aid of Circuit funds. Strathalbyn, February 17. The anniversary of the Strathalbyn Branch of the Temperance Legion was celebrated to day. Tea was provided in the Rechabite Hall, and was well patronised. A public meeeting followed, and was presided over by the Rev. F. S. Finch. There waa a large attendance. A good programme was provided, including an interesting address by Misa George (S.A. Secretary of the W.C.T.U.). The supper at the close of the meeting waa also well patronised. Curramulka, February 17. A complimentary social was given in the Institute last evening to Mr. F. R. Kumnick, who is leaving for Victoria. Mr. Thomas Rickaby, J.P., occupied the chair. Mr. F. W. Luxmoore occupied the vioe-chair. A very pleasant evening was spent. The toast of the evening was proposed by the Chairman, and supported by the vice-Chairman, and Messrs. Twelftree, Eastwood, McPharlin, Moore, and others. Mr. Kumnick feelingly responded. Gladstone, February 17. Professors Lov/rie and Perkins have signified their willingness to lecture at the annual con ference of the Northern Branches of the Agricultural Bureau, the date of which has been fixed for March 2(« at Gladstone. The members of tho Central Bureau are also expected, and all the Branches have been com inunieated with. Eedhill, February ir-. Harvest thanksgiving services were held at the Wesleyan Church on Sunday last. The Minister of the Circuit, the Kev. C. H. Nield, conducted three services. The Church was tastefully decorated. The choir rendered suitable selections, which were much enjoyed. On Wednesday evening a successful concert was given at the Institute by lady and frontle men visitors from Koolunga and Yaoka. Selections from the cantatas 'Flower Queen' and the ' Haymakers' elicited applause, as did also a violin duet and a number of popular songs. The Kev. A. J. S. Fry conducted. Mrs. Fry acted a= pianist. _A fruit soiree fol lowed, and was well patronised. On Tueeday ev cning last a complimentary social was tendered Miss Anderson on the eve of her departure from the district. There was a large gathering of friends, and a very pleasant evening resulted. The itev. G. E. Wheatley gave a lecture on phrenology in the Wesleyan Church on Feb ruarv P. There was a fair audience. Gawler, February 17. Miss Shaw, the special correspondent of the London Tiinc-% accompanied by the Premier Sir John and Lady Downer, arrived at Gawler this morning. They breakfasted with the Hon. James Martin, M.L.C., and were shown over the works of Messrs. Jame3 Martin and Co., Limited. Afterwards tho party left for Tanunda for the purpose of visiting Seppelts field and Angaston, returning to Mount Lofty by the Hills route. Woodside, February 17. The Eechabites held their annual picnic in Mr. Lanterbaeh's paddock on Thursday. Thare was a good attendance. Various amusements were provided. A successful con cert was given in the Institute in the evening. Petersburg, February 10'. I -'Miss Spence paid another visit to Peters burgh to-day and lectured in the Town Hall this evening on 'Effective Voting.' 'the Mayor presided over a good audience. Miss Spence was attentively heard, and was accorded a hearty vote of thanks, several gentlemen expressing their appreciation of the scheme. Tort MacDonnell, February 15. On Sunday evening last Bishop Kennion, assisted by Dr. Craig, held a confirmation service at the local Anglican Church. There were Jive candidates. The Church was packed, many visitors being present from Allandale East and Mount iratnbier. The choir, under the leadership of Mrs. T. Badeno;h, acquitted themselves admirablv. An entertainment was held laat night in the Friendly Societies' Hall in aid of the Snnday school Picnic Fund. The performers were prin cipally children who were well trained by Mr3. Goldsworthy, and their performances reflected great credit on her teaching, notably two action eongs, viz., ' The Mill,' by the senior children, and 'The Baby,11 by the younger ones. Their other numbers were choruses, ' Lilly Dale,' ;- School eon g.' 'The day,' and 'Good-night.' The other items of the evening were a3 follows : — Piano overtures and duets by Misses Badenoch and Schuetze, songs by Mrs-. T. Badenoch, Misse3 Orohard, Clark, M. Orchard. Taylor, and E. Badenoeh, and a comic song by Mr. Harry Foord. A duet, 'Come o'er the moonlit sea,' by Mrs. Goldswortbj* and Miss Badenoch, and two tableaux, ''Faith, hope, and charity' and ' Three old maids of Lee.' The accompani ments wera played by Misses Badenoch, McClintock, and Schuetze. Bute, February 15. Harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church was held on Sunday last. The Kev. H. Holmes preached in the morning and Mr. Winwood, of Adelaide, in the evening. On Monday a public tea was held, followed by a magic lantern entertainment, entitled 'Marley's Ghost' and ' Scenes from Life.' The story of 'Marley's Ghost' waa read by the Rev. JT. Holmes, whilst Mr. Winwood conducted the lantern. Waukaringa, February 1'-. We are glad to welcome the advent of Dr. Telfer. Business is excec-dinRly dulL People have been ereat sufferers through the heavy dis charge of upwards of forty men from the Alma on Saturday last. 