bWAS IT A DREAMI One day in erl sepring I was returning from a trip to the .Untry I was tired, an4 .lay ow to reiii had an oldg bt:ew, a1o'bythe banks of sa babbling rider. SIt s? at fib foot rbf t a greri m madow, d;' butut stepJrom the pblic road. A sour try i mau-on h si y to tdon stlpptd ~nd enot, d Sinto con'ue?ea tio?o?n thk orse'of whitebhti infornxid-pe:tGhat. terrible murder:, ad oriti? been committed beneath afat tre, close to where I was sea:ted. IIs coild'gic none of the par;i:ulars-it happenei"ud' b.fore his day-a few years alter the close of the •Rvo natip ?eidy ar'4 hry t o-ne irs6e dennai realthy gepttemauj hiýd erJ* his" young wile and her supposed paramour upon thhat pot.--Ili ie had therti' e he tcý(ld shw A berif ie treileoteeidod'i 0once stod, but he was in a hurry, and paseed ficcsfwatF'HSl _ a mppeaaiOn-. pon' my mind, and I.at and pondered over what I bhad ,heard without regdrd tl;the fight d6 ilnme.'' ehe tin haipohe "to ret'behind ith iisknkridgeot beills; tlie crcini o-dlarknese was. .enwrappinig the world;- the stars 'twinkled-forth' ne bj ne' in the.far-off sky; the owl-sent forth its dull, monotonous cry, :ahdt theJriver ,iinkled musically onward over its rocky bed; and seemed to bid me .rise.and. follow;ik; but, ,I'dý obeyed it call ,n.i?d ] red on: iq c jilat a ? '."ri-ne ould he mine ere I again e flt : Thd thunders of the war of the Rivolntion have erased to reverberate among the hills andvalleysrof the new-born America; the whhite'ffig of peace streams on the breeze, :And:tie ti'buKiumd 6f a'tive flabor-fills the land; the soldiers, young and old, have all returned to their sweethearts, mothere,wivee anti alildsen, covered with glory and renown, anti are inding their energies to the'task of' making the infant. republie the -grandestofl all' governments upon the face of the globe. ,A morn in June; a bright sun and a cloud. 'less sliy; -dew-'drops glittering like millions of diamonds,, strewnt by, the hands of s the fairie'es, over the waving grass; sweet song-birds on the branches of every nodding tree, fill the fower-scented air with melody.'r Stretched beneath, a. sturdy oak,.Il reet full length iupon'the'dward,. drinking in, all the:beauty, the mel'dy':aid :the' perfumie of this fair morning. What a strange being-I am I-I have-life, thought and motion, but I am invisible. I know the minds, the feelings and the souls of,all.with Whom I come in contract; but thierievet Ifeel or seem to know of my presence. i" f l But hist I I hear appo ote ramis myself slightly, and see somtng to'ard& m .a tall, broard-shouldered man in t'e very prime of life--a handsome man with curling hair and blazing'ryes. Elegantly he is clad ii.the dress of that period immediately sue aseding the Rivolution. Somie trouble is on his mind, for his brows ari contractediild his hands tightly clenched tbgether, aid'ahe niutters constantly to him self. I feel that I mutt be with him, no aompanyhim, iad knowehis ways. So, glid ingito his sidoe,togetlier:-we walk up the sloping pathway in the direction of that white, vine-embowered cottagewe 'see yonder npen the crest of that green hill. - f am not with 1:e pior fellow long before I know his trouble. His soul is distracted with jealousy. R e?uspeots his young oride of infidelity to him. a W tht shall I do ?" ne moans almost con stanily. "Oh, what shall'i do? The woman whom I-placed above all- othersa?andFwhliom I hold dearer than,my ownospsoulis-falee. Perhaps itlis th6.Maieden jeialliely:th"atThas possession of me. I can only wait and see ait and see." W are e now near the house, and from out hed:vinewreathed pIoih: a girlish' figure springs and-with light,:graceful steps skims over the flower 'covered-lawn: to meet and "greet he?hhbhiiadd.. What a rarely beautiful creature she is with a form so elight, so wondrously liioilded -sucrh dewy brown eyes- so full of' tender ness end sweet.expression f Her, fair hair,, that gleams and glints in the sunshine, falls over her shbulde.r like a golden vail. ind: eie lipesxed'and 'clear as~aleft: strii?beries, part over teeth whiter than dny_pearl.ever.ex-. 'trabted'f i-lidn ohdepth of old ocean. I do not wonder that the husband wrotahipszher as wildly as he does.' She throws her snowy jewelled arms around the broad shoulders of Mareden, and holds up the red and fragrarnt lips to be kissed. I know the man feels like -thrustig. her.,tronri him, andpou'rnisjg Toirupon hqr delfheleols breast. Far better woo ,it eave seen had he done so. But he controls himself by a great effort, lightly'kiise's the little, mouth, and walks on in silence to the house, she clinging-to his arm. She is a childish. innocent thing;. I know. No guile in her heart-no stain on her soul. How terribly blind humanity is I I know her thoughts, and caneveti hear the blood as it ripples through her veins, and know that .every drop drawn fromt.the warm, trusting heart is conieerrited'to the broad-shouldered, jealous creature-whose name she bears.- On arriving atthehoue hose Maden aexoues himself and retires to ms apartment. Bow ing his head;upont i table, he mutters brokenly,- , j i ( _ . - "Oh, it must be so L.Old Pompey cannot be mistaken: Twirib;'he says;'eb~ }hlas mebt him in the last ten day, at the. foot ofl the meadow by the old oak tree. If I find this report to be true, his life,-at least, shall pay the penalty forbringing.~iegrace o;: she M1arsdeiin name." - -Out in the garden inithe latticed summer house a little white'6lad figure is o'roeohed In a corner of ,ttheustio befch,~sobbing chi moaning softlj. ' 5'. j; S j t f " I must tellSils'to-.night. Thissutspence has been "almost nibearable:: Sila'id so' proid-but then he secured his pardor once, and gave him.money to start afresh- and ha thinks now he is far away. -Oh, how angry he would be did he know of this new trouble I ~ Pior errinig boy, I love him so I To-morrow' he will be gone, and then Iwill tell Silas-my dear, dear husband'l", '- . S"She riseas fromnher seat, but shde notices not the. scrap of white paper that has fallen.from her bosom to the ground. By some stranige fatslity Silas Marsden enters, the summer hias immediately his wife leaves it. Almost the first object that greets his gaze is the scrap of paper. Imanginiug evil in every. thing, he gathers it eagerly up, and withfast beating .heart and changing counteninoe' a the following:- - iDeeassr :-Meet me by the old oak tree, at the foot of the meadow, at caek thies'een Ing. To-morrow all will be over. Do notn fail to comi. -" *'Lovingly, H- . Poor, unhappy Silas Marsdent One par oxysm ofter another of rage and Jealously convulses his frame, andhe utters curses loud and deep.. -Murder is in his heart, and it .is some time before he grows calm enough to form his plan of action, -' ' Out in the sunny world all is joy and glad ness. The. arickets chirpout clear and shrill; myriads 'of 'birds pour:?forth their sweetest songs; and thi breeze, ha it sweeps softly on ward, bears upon its bosom the perfume of a thousand flowers. liB t all this brightness; all this song and happiness, are not shared in bythemiserable Mareden. His blood surges through his veins like seething, moltin"fire, and his heart feels as if it would tear itself asunder. . jacsk to the house he presently rushes, and calling his wife to him, hurriedly tells her that he has been summoned away on urgent business, to be detained he does not know how long. The innocent wife, knowing not what is in his heart, bids him good-by and wishes him success. The green eyed mon seer; rankling in his soul, makes him fancy that she smiles and his cheerful at his de parture. Fearful of losing, his self-control, he hurries olff and away through the sweet scented forest towards the village. - Night, dark, gloomly night. The sky.an onearthly Inurid hue; the atmosphere heavy and oppressive; the ocoasional flash of lightning; the sullen mutterings of thunder among the distant hills; the soogoing sigh of the wind in the tall tree-tops; the weird wailings of the great-throated frogs in the river; the low flight of the leather-winged bat, all tell of an approaching storm. Odd I but there, by that old 'oak tree, at the foot of'the Meroden meadows, a man and woman are-lingering. By' the strange light emitted from the clounds I see them plaioly. He-is tall'and handsome--eie is slight :and graceful. The woman- is Silas Msraden'es wife-the man is-well, I know, because I aisow everything--but the trembling, angry man here at my side does not. Silas Maraden and I, his constant, invisible companion, are here behind.the decaying trunk of a treethat ',es been riven and blasted by the lightning's b it.. He is nervously clutching a gleaming Iitol, I gazing passively on. We hear the voices of the man and woman; ,h,? are talking low, and, it seems lovingly. "r ey are alg4nt to part. We see the j?i ·seCh O ut' "a' d ~ dW the woman .I tohis breast. W. hear him soa, " Farewell, mylove," pri'hia lips m'c hera in lingering kisses. tty Godl To a-n atmy side iopa fo.th &sl; ieie man Q1dF robeetas athr sa i .i'a-e,: o r Oh, it isa te'raibh night uau.? my 'cCr? growsv numb with JWand Dpa; an fit.-i-lo pistol ery. or ing a ter ld f tlip .eo visotll . :thii ots g apnd defatilike Bsinefc nor reiai; the k'woaa Ssamire a blood-red Iagi andr imp'art to all Sobjects treba nga h _o;ai-lc color. Oh, it is abl [ terribo night, Ind my h-'*rt grows Cmb with Inachastly trror, ;hs very marroa freezes es his drtadt wrtl tion r ery. For seizes tho man liea molionlls? and de, never mof thv p-the poomr litl, wovdomn-moring and headfrsm the "groun poisows .ti. upon ahis. bdsom blooiho-roeads-f ling ;ithered and dy-ing faroc her u olden hair,and iN sooor ntib t f0irdthlantheman upon him, and lie rn hea to the side of the prostriAte i oman, aid, 'tcGd 1 ljry lifting'her headtfrom the groun t pillow ,it n pon ,his arid a lightotjoy iiiuihnta(s them I the pale lipsi murmur caressingly, " my poor: brother -dead-bSdal, my husband -mny .own-". BIf the soeitencr is never finished, for the sBuo~iy head falla:b'A`l, the Idving eye/ 'cloyI forever, 'and::tlihe potless, innocent.:soul ?s qtietly born by angel hands over the: jasper. sea, through the "gates ajar," to life and. rest' eternal' . , . . . . A terrible 'lijght dawns upon1 the unhappy murderer..-With a hoarse cry of agony he iuahae to the dead man, and bending low he fookhe cloedly t th.o-tirn ed'iigsid laos. The coontenanoe'tella him b an-BwfeI-*,;i.: '''- . ' My Gbd I' he grasps. " My wife's 'out-' lawed brother m I though he was far .away t Oh, why was'I so feartully blined?' . He rises from the ground andd dashes like " a hdited 'animal into the depths of the forest.; '' ' " ' - " . " ' A flash dl lightning, d: burst of thunder, and the .hreatenod storm bursts lotth. Oh, it is a terrible ni'it 1 . A wretched wantl rer io Europe, under an assumed na-Im, :t trr a Ir.ps il, toae years, I again.eBto Sii ?.I- .ii;ac;. 0':r the snow covered inouin:!i:' 'i S .izer!.udil, tll anony elopen of Italy i.-e \i'.'n-',Ld hiiaL of Gar many, the bonny vails oi France, the foggy Streets of London, thI' g r sy d-aorts of Paris herA, there, every ',a wr, he has sought the blessed boon o r as . -'.-.iricqase'from sorrow. Bat,-a;dal it i. ro. -:r._:-.idl h;n. A hag. gard, half-craz-"l i an, ha.i wan-dCera on and on, plunging i::to '1 soris ao rc';ileoanoss and dmlean:hcry, i.-inig .ir th 't. which is denied him. Can'-tatly hi i-n :-n .tc'ima are with him-in the wme'<i: : c'rs of the draad mid night, in the f1! i. t g h: t-v a:o no-n day sun; in the crowde? c:ty, ia :; a q; :i cjautry, he sees their b!oo'l-:,i':.: o.:. '. Ilourly he curses himascf nlgh;r bi r j'.i ] douy. Puor man, hard, insre.a , iid et: 6 ni.! Now w e are bI.c' ::..hi in .ha tics, in the third story otf a :. -i; h':.;l ian . lonely (auistsr si :i grb a:.. !t ; mii.g!:;'t, andi the auniverary 'i:ia.nd: ti rib'c mutrder in the Maradssn nr.i.-.do?-.'. ?.i a frigshtful torm'is raging. br t;l.u c iya h haas lain -there upon tiat mli r;.ble cot, listening to the howling Etorm, striving to forget the p.asft, . " SThe hour of midnight, rung out by a clock in a neighboring bllry,- is borne quiveringly .by the sighing wind to his listening ears. iThe last stroke dies away. With the old cry on his' lips, Marsdcn rpringa f'om the bed, draws a pistol from his bosom, places it to his temple, fires, and einks to thJ fSoor a bloody corpse. Beneath the spreading boughs of te aid oak , by the ivr, t the fot of the Mmaireen meadowe, I rest again. I hadcertainly been asleep, and the night was now far ad'vancd and dark as pitcb. Al!.wam still as dealth ar-e ith murmuring of the little river claOs by. I ki't liae .one who had been suffericR f-: m a tfrrible snightmare, and it was with diiliui'lty that I found my way back to the villi-e, anl to my lodgings. After.that. I was aRic for several days; but the physicion rnid my illness was caused from lying on the dCamp trouid,. I did niot tell him of my strareo cscrience, nor of the nn..;nI-.?ndilann « l[..»*.,, hI.tal.iart...wliah. lingered with me for many days. : I am not a superstiious .person, but 1 shall always firmly believe that the ghost of. the dead and gone :Ma dcn returned to earth ,that night and took me with him down the vale of years, and showed me his ptat life.' 