Story of Fisher's Ghost. { A4j tl^e Wth6r^ ChiK LoriSbni rtcenllyi Mr. Henniker Heaton iiold tbe Fishers ghost.yarn, whicli is h true story,-s The W&mi;& (boSi beeilpanta Iseveral -times^in .English and Australian papers, 4-ut-tfleiJe/|ael to it Mr. Heaton happen ed to meet when he was- making re 'seSrches injAlGstra]ia'5)iiqijg official doc uments while-preparing his well-known book on, Australia. The sequel he be lieves has never beon printed. i i Fisher' was 'a) rich ranchman who lived very much alone. His companion .was a'tickei-'of-leave man. Australia' at that time contained many ex-convicts,- and at is an old joke against Australia thaf the people are not as proud 'of tneiV ahcos tors'as are the aristocracy; of [England. For the life of me I cannot see why this should !be,; for theancestry in both in stances werp thieves, as; a general 'thing. Personally,! would prefer the founder of my house to bo a conyict, rather than to be,' say,' Nell Gwyne; but that, of course, is all a matter of taste. ? ? ' : Well, one day Fisher disappeared, and the .convict :»iidhelhad gone to Ireland to claim a large property he had fallen heir to, and that he had left '?? the ranch and all its belongings to the convict. The people around thought the story of Fisher's disappearance rather fishy,' but there was nothing to show that it was not so^ and suspicion would likely have quieted down- were i^- not for- the' un timely appearance ^on the ' scene of Fisher's ghost, which was seen by a passer-by sitting on the fence near his former residence. The person who saw the ghoflt.was'not viii^'the least afraid, and he stepped forward to question, the apparition. The ghost, however, was not in a talkative humor and it slid off the scene, moved mysteriously towards adeep.wiiterhple.and there disappeared. This story went like wildfire around! the settlement, and after that one man after another , saw Fisher's ghost ; always on the fence rail, and always' eluding sin interview by sliding away and vanishing in the waterhole. If one or two persons only had seen the ghost nothing might have been done, but everyone in tho neighbourhood who. ? happened - to be passing about dusk saw it, some of whom were men whose word could ' not be doubted. : The persistent haunting of the water pool by the ghost turned the attention of the authorities ;to' it, and the i pond was dragged, but ho body was found there,' although there were indications that n body had, been, hi the pool. Search in the neighboring thicket, however, was more fruitful, for there they found the body of the murdered man. Tho ex convict was arrested, and seeing the game was up, he confessed that he had murderecl Fisher and put him in the waterhole, but on account of the intrusive and objectionable ghost lip had fished up Fisher and put him in 'the thicket. The ghost had utterly, demoralised the con vict, and he was afterwards duly hanged. This much of the story is well-known in Australia, but the sequel is not so well known. Unfortunately it rather takes the gilt off the ghost,. although it fasten ed the guilt on the conyict. ::JJp to this point the yarn proves not only '.the ex istence of ghosts, but the usefulness of them. ? -. Mr. Henniker Heaton knew the Fish er story well, and when he was search ing among official documents for material for his book- lie noticed on an affidavit the name of Fisher. He read the in strument and found it rotated to the ghost.- An ex- convict dying had mode the deposition before a magistrate and it was to this effect : He was on -tramp through the, country .when he came,. .-one moonlight night to Fisher's ranch! He slept in the thicket and was aroused in the night by cries' for help. Peering out he saw in the moonlight the conyict murder his employer and drag the body to the waterhole: . The tramp wns afraid to interfere at the time, and was afraid to tell what he saw afterwards. There existed a kind of Freemasonry among ticket-of-leave men, and it was a danger ous thing for one to split on another. Besides this the ex-convict, was well known in the neighborhood,' while the tramp was a stranger, so he feared ?? that if he told what he saw he would himself be accused of the Fisher murder. Ho got work in the neighborhood, and pon dered over the situation. He thought first of personating the ghost, but fearing he might be caught he abandoned that idea. One, night returning from the Fisher ranch he told his employer that he had seen Fisher's ghost sitting on the fence,' afterwards ; disappearing in 'the waterhole; This was ; the spark to the tinder. , Suspicion wus ripe for a story like this,, and after that everyone in the neighborhood saw the ghost, all appar ently in good faith Iwlioving that, they saw it. The mythical ghost, howover, niado a real ghost of the guilty man, and the real ghost is said to this day— or perhaps it would be more' accurate to say to this night— to combat with the ghost of Fisher in the light of the moon. Sosos o* Praise.— Meernm Creek, January 26, 1893. Dear Sir,— My object in writing to you is to tell you of the benefits I have re ceived from -Billiiigo's Compound Kucnlyptus. For. 3 years I have suffered intensely from iiuligestinn and biliousness, during Unit period I have tried many remedies with but little success. I suffered greatly from a choking sensation, and a grenl pain in my chest, mostly after eating. I also had very severe pains across the back, in fact, about u fortnight ago, I could not lcivve my bed1 my head was so painful and giddy. 1 sent in ami got u bottle of Billinge's Compound, and after taking one dose all tile pain and giddiness left my head. I was able to get up, aud have had no return of it since. It is the best remedy I have ever had, and I think everyone who suffers from indigestion or biliousness should know it. Yours truly, Mrs. G. Bryant.— E. D. Allen, Chemist, Lisniorc, Nickle Keyless Watches, *12s 6d ; 'English Hull-marked ? Wedding '?? and Keeper Rings, from 8s each, at Jacobs Bros., Woodlnrk strect, Lismbto, and Broadwater.* ' Have you aching or BiiperiluouB teeth ? See Mr. ' W - Wilson, Dentist, . Lismore, Dental Establishment, opposite the Bank of N. S. Wales, Moleswortti-street. He ^will remove them skilfully anilexpeditionsly, iiml provide you with otliers if you require them.* [ Ii'you want' A'goba Bridle j^o to Nobthcott'b.* 