The Storyteller. Weapons of Mystery. CHAPTER IX. THE HALL GHOST. I might hear disclosed tho secret of his influence, and thereby discover the means whereby I could be free, and this freedom might, I hoped, make me his master. Anyhow, I went. The dark clouds which swept across the sky hid the pale . raysjof the moon, and, clothed in black UH 4. -YU3, 1U WUU1U. uu Ulllli;uiu lu BCU itlKi amongst the dark tall trees. I hurried to the summer-house, for I wished to be there before they arrived, I was suc cessful in this. When I came, all was silent ; so I got behind a large tree, which, while it hid me from any one entering the house, enabled me to be ?within earshot of anything that might be said; especially so as the summer house was a rustic affair, and the sides by no means thick. Silently I waited for, I Bhould think, half an hour ; then a woman came alone. Evidently she was cold, for she stamped her feet against the wood floor wilh great vehemence. Minute after minute passed by, and still there was no third party. Then I heard a low 'hist.' ? You're late,' said tho woman's voiee, which I recognized as Miss Staggles.' ? ??? Yes ; and we must not stay long.' ?Why?' ' Because I think we are watched.' , . ts But why should we be watched 1 Sorely no one perceives that we are sus picious parties ?' 'I cannot say. I only know I can . not stay long.' I Why, again ?' 'I have much to think about, mnch to do.' -♦ And I have much to tell you.' ? I can guess it, I think ; but I must know. Tell me quickly.' He spoke peremptorily, as if ho had a right. to command, while she did not resent his dictatorial tones. ' They've been riding together again to-day.' 'I guessed it. Bah! what a fool I've been ! But there, that may mean nothing.' . ' 'But it does ; it means a great deal.' . What?' ? I believe that he's asked her to be his wife. In fact, I'm sure he has.' . . ' Darkness and death, he has ! And she?' 'I hardly know '; but as sure as we are alive, she likes him.' ? How do yon know thie ?' ? I saw them come in from their ride, and I guessed that they had become friendly again.' 'Well?' ? Well, I met her in the hall. She looked as happy as a girl could well look. I am a woman, so I began to put two and two together. I determined to listen. I went upstairs to my room, which, you know, is close to Miss Gray's :. arid Gertrude's. If yon had known girls as long as I, yon would know that they usually make friends and confid antes of each other. I found this to be so in the present case. Gertrude had not been in their room above Jive minutes before Miss Gray came to the door and asked to come in. It was immedietely opened and she entered.' ? And what then ? ' I 1 listened.' ? Just so ; I expected that. But what did you hear ?' '.'I could not catch all they said; but I gathered that they had a delightful tide, that Mr. Blake had made a declar ation of love to Gertrude.' ' And her answer ?' .'I could not catch that ; she spoke too low. But ' I should think it was favorable, for there was a great deal of whispering, and after a whilol heard something about that dreadful man being Mr. Blake's enemy.' 'Ah 1 how did they know that V ' I gathered that Mr. Blake told her. Look here, Herod Voltaire ; you aro playing a losing game.' ' I playing a losing game ? Do rot fear. I'll win, I'll win, or- ? or ? ' Hero he paused, as if a thought tirrok him. ' Why don't you get an influence over her, as you did over Blake ? Then you could manage easily.' 1 1 cannot. I've tried ; her nature is not susceptible ; besides, even if I got such a power, I could not use it. You cannot force love, and the very naturo of the caso would make such a thing im possible. Stay ! You know Miss For rest well, don't you, her education, and disposition ? ' ?' I've know her long enough.' ' Well, tell me whether I am correct in my estimate of her character. If I am, I do not fear. She's very clear headed, sharp and clever ; a hater of humbug, a dispiser of cant.' ' True enough ; but what's this got to do with tho matter ? ' ' In spite of this, however,' went on Voltaire without heeeding Miss Staggles query, ' she has a great deal of romance in her natcre ; has a a strong love for mystery, so much so that she is in some things a trifle superstitious.' ' I can't say as to that, but I think you are correct.' 'Then she's a yonng lady of ve.iy strong likes and dislikes, but at bottom is of a very affectionate nature' ' Affectionate to nearly every one but me,' muttered Miss Staggles. ' She is intensley proud — ' 'As Lucifer ! ' interrupted Miss Slag fjles. ' This is her great weakness,' went on Voltaire. ' Her pride will overcome her judgment, and because of it she will do things for which she will afterwards be sorry. Is this truo ? ' i True to the letter. You must bo a ' wizard, Herod Voltaire, or you couldn't ? have summed up her disposition so cor- i rectly.' ' Her senso of lionor is very great. She would sacrifice her happiness to do ^ what was thought to be honorable.' ... ,?' {'' ' I believo she would.' ' Then my path is marked out,' said ho, savagely. From that time I could catch nothing of what was said, although they . con vorsed for five minutes at host. But it wns in whispers, so low that I could not catch a word. Presently they got up and went away, while 1, with aching head and tastbeat ing heart, tried to think what to do. Everything was mystery. I could not see a step before me. Why should Miss Staggles be so willing to help Herod Voltaire, and what were the designs in his mind ? What was his purpose in getting a correct estimate of Miss Forrest's character 1 I went to the house pondering these things in my mind, and, arriving there, heard the hall clock strke the quarter, from which I knew it was a quarter past six. We were to dine at seven that day, and, as I did not usually make an elaborate toilette, I knew I had plenty of time. I felt I could not go in for a few minutes ; my brain seemed on ure. I [turned to take a walk towards the park gates, when I heard a footstep, and turning, saw Simon Slowden. ' Can you give me ten minutes before dinner, sur ?' he said. ' I dare say,' I said. He led mo into the room in which we had spoken [together before. ' There's something wrong, yer honor,' he said in a low voice. ' How do you know ?' ' Why, that 'ere Egyptain hev bin doggin' me all day. He's got a hink lin' as how we're tryin' to match 'em, and rehkons as how I'm yer friend. Be sides, to-day when I see you . ride hoff with the young lady, I thinks to myself, ' There's no knowing what time he'll be back.' I know what 'tis, yer honor ; hi've bin in the arms o' Wenus myself, and knows as 'ow a hour slips away like a minnit. So as there we no tellin' if you would get to the summer-house to night at five o'clock, I thought I'd just toddle up oyself. But 'twas no go. I sees they two willians a-talkin' together, and when that 'ere Woltaire went off by himself,' the other took it 'pon him to keep wi' me. I tried to git 'im off, but 'twas no use ; he stuck to me like a limpet to a rock.' ' Perhaps it was all fancy, Simon.' ' 'No fancy in me, but a lot o' judg ment. Fact, sur, I've begun to think for the fust time as 'ow some things in the Bible ain't true. (To he Continued). 