General News. The Archbishop.—His Grace Arch bishop Reynolds is still hovering between life and''death.' His condition is ex ceedingly low, and it is surprising to his medical attendant ^w he hasjm^tained the struggle so long. His Grace still re tains hiifsehses; !imt lie' Isveiyweak and suffers a good. deal.. Christian Brothers' College.—T^ie Christian Brothers acknowledge, witli thanksj donation? towards education 'of two guineas from Mr. Wilshire, and one guinea fcoih ROf. W. Dunphy, PortPirie. f i i *vi St. PxTRIQKl's' JLiTfEKAaT /B06IETY.— The usual meeting of this society was held on Tuesday evening, the 25th inst., there being a large attendance of members and, fefewral; vi4toj$. :The, j programme was an impromptu debate, " Is smoking Injurious ?" Messrs. W. Gordon, J. O'Luughlin; 'and 'J. - Mullaney arguing in the affirmative, whilst Messrs. W. J Denny, J. P, Walsh, and R. P. Denny took the negative side. After an inte resting and spirited debate the affirmatives were pronounced the victors. Mr. Howard, one of the H.A.C.B.S. delegates from Melbourne, then delivered a very interesting lecture on " O'Connell." In a very able manner, Mr. Howard, who is a member of the Richmond Catholic Literary Society in Victoria, went through the principal part of the great Irish patriot's life, and by judiciously intro ducing several anecdotes of O'Connell's famous wit and ability, kept the audience in a very humorous and attentive mood. In concluding his lecture, Mr. Howard very wisely selected O'Connell's will for his peroration, and when that famous phrase, " I leave my heart and my body to Ireland, and my soul to my God " was spoken, the audience were visably affected. At the conclusion of the lecture, a hearty vote of thanks was tendered to Mr. Howard, who is the first gentleman from another colony that has lectured before the society. B elton. — A correspondent writing under date April 25, says:—For some years past the Catholics of Belton and Bendleby have been laboring under great disadvantage, owing to not having a church nearer than Carrieton, which is twenty miles from some of them. On April 13, the Rev. R. Doyle held a station at one of the farm houses, and after Mass a meeting was held, when the want, of a church for Belton was laid before the meeting. After a little time it was unani mously agreed to have a church built. A subscription list was then opened, and the cash and promises amounted to £92, including £20 from the Bishop (Dr. O'Reily) and £5 from Rev. R. Doyle. The land is the generous gift of Mr. P. Mclnerny. As Father Doyle has taken great interest in this matter no doubt it will be vigorously gone on with. Happy Valley.—The tender of Mr. J. J. Leahy has been accepted for the outlet tunnel from the Happy Valley reservoir. There were seven competitors for the work. The tunnel is one and a half miles long. Mr. J. J. Leahy has just completed the additions to the Gene ral Post Office, and the Chapel of the Dominican Priory, North Adelaide, is nearly finished. He is also engaged on the Anglican Cathedral, North Adelaide. Hibeknian Society.—The quarterly meeting of St. Patrick's Branch, No. 179, was held at West Terrace, on 13th inst., there being a large attendance. Messrs. F. C. Hughes, J. Markham, and R. J. Cavanagh were initiated as full benefit members. The balance-sheet for the current quarter was adopted. There was a credit balance of £219 0s. 6d. to the sick fund, and £42 5s. lOd. to the incidental and benevolent funds. The sick pay for quarter amounted to £16 13s. 4d., an average of 2s. 4 l-6d. per head. The number of members now on the roll is 145. Guild.—The usual meeting of the Guild of St. John the Baptist Total Abstinence Society (St. Ignatius' Branch) was held hi the Kensington Schoolroom, on Monday evening, April 24. The President (Mr. T. J. Ryan) in the chair. There was an unusual large number of lady members present. The programme consisted of musical selections, songs, and a recitation well rendered by Miss Plunkett. The other members contribu ting were Misses Abrahams, Reddah, M. and K. Hogan, and Messrs. T. Neville, T. J. Ryan, D. Riordan, M. McCabe, and J. F. Chipper. A Respected Servant.—A correspon dent sends us the following:—The remains of David Burke, who died at Owen Street, Adelaide, on Thursday, the 7th inst., were the following Friday afternoon con sighed to their last resting place in the Catholic Cemetery. The deceased first saw the light in the year 1830, at Moke line, Kilkenny County, Ireland, and emigrated to this colony with his ybung wife and child in 1854. Since landing in Adelaide, where all his time had been spent, six more children were born, five of whom died, leaving two now married daughters living. The, .deceased was the oldest servant in the "employ of the Gieneig Railway Company, he having helped to lay that line 26 years ago, and in consequeqce of the zeal with which deceased studied the company's interest, the position of pointsinaii was awarded him, which duty he conscientiously and zealously performed. After the last solemn rites of the church, performed by the Rev. Father Doheny, and the filliug in process by the grave-digger completed, the fellow-workers of the deceased came forward, and placed over the 'grave of their departed friend as a last tribute of respect a most beautiful ' and1" costly wreath,' enclosed in a strong enamelled ease. This last touching scene showed die love and'respect held for ohis of Erin's &ost; straightforward jand truthful-sons, as p6or David Burke really Was.—R. LP. ?yrl fyd'V •: The "Elections- (writes "Ahtolycus " in the Mount Barker Coiltidr) are piheti cally 'bver, many broken-hearted politicians scattered over the face pf 'the country. There As one feature of the contests just over which must/give melancholy, satisfaction to Dr. Cockburn. . Early on the morningof Friday, August 15, 1890, the Assembly by a majority of: 28 votes to 23 carried a vote of no-confidence in the Ministry of which he was then Premier. Of the 28 gentlemen on the winning side only 14 will sit in the new parliament. Sir J-. C. Bray, Sir Edwin Smith, Mr. Parsons, Mr, . Dashwood, and .Mr,, Stock have thought it wise to retire from politics. Mr.Rews and.Mr.H. C. Kelly are dead. Mjessrh Gould, Grayson, Hopkins, Miller and Rouriseyell have been beaten at the polls, where it is pretty certain that Mr. Hancock will come to grief. Can anyone forget, either^ the reviliugs poured on the head of the Holder Government by Mr. Hack and Mr. Cohen, the latter of, ' whom with all the energy of which he is capable thundering out especial denunciations against " his acquaintance, Dr. Cockburn'{" Even Mr. Lamshed, although he now and then voted on the right side, was very unreliable, and the only faithful friend who has gone is Mr. Osman. His defeat, however, is undoubtedly the result of obstinacy in respect to the Messamurry leases and to the unfair attack he' made on Mr. Ash, who is too sincere in his desire for land settlement to suffer from misrepresenta tions of the kind uttered by Mr. Osman. Of course there is a chance that he may regain his seat if he persists in his appeal to the Court of Disputed Returns, and I would sooner see him there than Mr. Riddoch, who is a squatter of the squat ters and a bitter foe to trades unions. Races. —To-morrow vthe S. A. J. C. autumn meeting will be opened at Mor phettyille. The club have recently expended £600 in additions to the popular, portion of the grounds, the totalizator . stand, and, alterations of a minor nature within the grand stand enclosure, all of which are a de cided improvement, and add to the convenience of its patrons. The prin cipal event to-morroW is the Gqodwood Handicap, which is likely to embrace a large field, including some crack Vic torian racers. Wednesday is cup day, and Saturday, May 6, steeplechase day. Should the weather be favorable, the attendance should be much above the average. Getting the Genuine . Article.— Labouchere, familiarly known as "Labby," is not only a great political heretic, but he is equally radical in his religious opinions. He is not bigoted, however, and had his daughter baptised in the Roman Catholic Church. This is how it happened, as told by n London scribbler. The child had lived soine time withoujb being chris tened, and a friend mentioned to Labby, in a general sort of way, that it might be to her disadvantage in after life if the ceremony were neglected altogether. '" Since that is the case," said Labby, " we will do what is right for her. But in matters of this description I think it is well to have the best article : to go to the genuine, long-established firm, instead of to new people who may not understand their business. We will therefore select the Roman Catholic faith for the child." . Catholic Unionists.—The inconsis tencies and contradictions of the f case against Home Rule (says the Dublin freeman) receive a further illustration by the circular and petition of the Catholic Unionists. Read in connection with the proceedings of the ProteBtant Synod they form an instructive comment. While the Ascendancy party denounce Home Rule as the road to a Catholic ascendancy, the Catholic Unionists denounce it as dange rous .to. their "religious liberty" also. Which are right 1 . Roth -cases cannot be true. The,explanation is simple of course. The ascendancy of a class is in danger, and those who -profit by . it, whether Catholics .or. Protestants, lare jup in arms. Mr.. Edmund Dease,.one of the signa tpriesi was a Home Ruler as long as Home Rule, meant landlord rule. ; Mr. Daniel O'Connell, of Derrynarie, whom the ghost of the Liberator, must : be sorely tempted to hunt from the historic home,-declared himself a National Leaguer a. few. .years ago,: op the. ground that: the: landlords Ought to act witbthe people, and use the National movement for their own purposes. The people did hot see the merits of the plan, and so he is now a Unionist. We welcpme. this " Catholic " demonstration. It , gives thelast bpuch to the " Home Rule Rome Rule " pry.. Thpije.is one, elapse of the petition jWhich ''shewjeth/' the base spirits of the authors. These slaves de clare they,enjoy .full civil. and religious liberty. And this while C&tholiCs; are excluded from , the idaph government of fhis. couptry, and! dep^d Onepifjnost.sacred .of tneiibertyto teach theih^UdrrajBp . desire them to be taught. DidMr. Edmuttd Dease sign. this?: If! so, what bos become of his faerojc critidsm of MP. Balfouris t«»tmeht of -the Irish Catholic claim to educational liberty smy'/ii <v 