REGENT AMERICAN EXPERI MENTS. The relative merit3 of sweet cream and sour cream for making batter were tested last year in a series of elaborate experiments at the Iowa Agricultural College. Sweet cream fresh from the separator waB thoroughly mixed and then accurately divided in two equal parts by umitrhh ? nita of these narta is churned im mediately at 52i Fahr., the other was ripened at 60°lnd then churned at 59'. The butter-milk was tested for fat and the butter was analysed. In the nine tests the yield of butter from sour cream was S per cent; larger than from sweet .. cream. The sour cream usually churned quicker than the sweet and the butter con tained 200tihB of 1 per cent, more casein. The losses of fat in churning, washing, and working were less with sour than with sweet cream. In nine trials the average difference was nearly ^ lb. per 100 lb. of butter made. After being kept five months the sweet cream butter acquired somewhat of the flavor and aroma of ripened cream butter and was in. better con dition. The growing of roots for stock feedingis not yet a firmly- established practice in the United States as it is in this country, and therefore many of their experiments and much of the advice given in America and Canada is of little servicejhere. There are several matters, however, connected with the experiments on feeding roots, the results of which have just been published by Professor Sanbom, to which we may give a good deal of thought. Man golds and turnips were fed to cattle, sheep, and pigs accustomed to dry food, with the result that the live weight gain for cattle and sheep was greater, and for pigs less when fed on roots. But the dressed weight of cattle, sheep, and pigs showed in every case greater shrinkage for those fed on roots. The root-fed animals contained more blood and necessarily more water in 'the blood. The root-fed steers had heavier vital organs. The fat was always less for root- fed animals, and the flesh appeared less juicy than the fat present would indicate. The water of the flesh in every case for cattle, sheep, and pigs was far greater for the root fed animals. The net gain of dry matter was in all cases less for the root-fed stock. It may be that the lowly-organised nitrogenous and carbonaceous tissues of the roots is the chief cause of the poor results from feeding roots. Probably all immature cattle foods even when ohanged by heat are less nutritious than ripe sound foods. A very interesting series of tests have been made at the Wyoming Experimental Station to ' determine the quantity of water necessary to irrigate an acra of land. A continuous flow of one cubic foot per second daring May, June, July, and August was found sufficient, with a rainfall of about 6 in. for over 95 acres of land wbidh had never been irrigated ; but) the next year,*with a rainfall of nearly 7 in., it would have suffioed^f or over 216 acres of suoh pre viously irrigated land. The need of water varied with the kind of crop. Thus one-seoond foot through the four months would have supplied 1G7 acres of oats, 295 acres of sugar beets, 336 acres of sorghum, 588 acres of peas, and 735 acres of corn, all growing on land close to the irrigation canal. The previously estimated duty of water for Wyoming was about 100 acres to the second- foot through four months. Some very interesting experiments have been conducted at the. Texas Experimental .Station, the object having been originally to see whether the belief of many farmers that cotton-seed would kill pigs under .certain conditions was well founded. Twelve Esses ehoata were placed in four pens — a four months, a six months, and an 11 months shoat in each pen — and feed with cotton-seed prepared in various ways. Each pen was fed 5 lb. per day of maize and jus much cotton-seed or cotton-seed meal as was eaten. The death or siokness of some of the swine caused the weights to be re ported for the first 30 days only, although the eeed was fed for a much longer period. The food was weighed dry. One pen was fed on 99 lb. of raw cotton-seed meal costing £4 per ton and 1651b. of maize costing la. 8d. per bushel. The three shoats gained 50 lb. at a cost of 173'5d. per owt. The two younger ghosts sickened and died in two months. ' As the oil was extraoted from th^'meal too much fatty food could not have caused their death. The second pen was fed 132 lbf of raw cotton seed, soaked, worth 6 dollars per ton, and 165 lb. of maize. The gain was 37 lb. , costing 17s. l^d. per owt. The two smaller shoats also died in about two months, showiug that soaking raw cotton will not remove the trouble. The third pen was fedjl40 lb. of boiled cotton-seed costing £1 12s. per ton and 165 lb. of maize. The gain was 68 lb., costing 10s. Sd. per cwt. The smallest pig died after two monthB* feeding. The sharp and brittle hulls of raw seed were so softened by boiling that they could not have oaused the death. The fourth pen was fed 116 lb. roasted ootton-seed, costing £1 16s. per ton, and 165 lb. maize. The gain was 53 lb., costing 12s. 10£d. per owt. The two younger ehoats died in less than two months, and not from the lint, for this was roasted off. A fifth pen was fed 460 lb. maize only, gaining 131 lb. flesh, at a cost of 10a. lhd. per cwt., and there were no deaths. In a test the previous year 10 pigs out of 15 died after being fed on roasted or boiled cotton-seed or meal for about 10 weeks. In the last 10 years three other attacks of apparently epidemic disease have been traced to the feeding of cotton-seed meal. The two years' successive testsin feeding cotton-seed and cotton-seed meal to pigs and practical attempts to feed these products during the, last 10 years show that there is no profit in feeding cotton seed in any forte, or ootton-seed meal to pigs of any age, and a good deal of danger. — London Times. ? 