STORY PAGE. »' - - - : % Now Fmrn Published. Outlaw & Lawmaker. AN AHGLO-ADSTR&LIfiN; ROMANCE. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "Tbo Head Station," "Tho Bond of Wedlock,!' "Tho Brother of tho Shadow," " Passion and Policy," "Nttdino," "An Australian , . Horoino." And Joint. Author with Mr. Justin M'Carthy OP " Tho Ladies' Gallery," "ThoRight ' Honournhlo," &o.; illi QUEENSLAND BlOnlS BESBBVED. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. ' onaptebs I. and II. — Loioliliardt's Land, in the Luya district, Australia, is inhabited by a number of squatters and othei'R. Amongst tbo denizens are Lord and Lady Hornco, and lior Bistor, Elsio. With tho latter Frank Ilallett, a olevor uud ambitious squatter, is in lovo, but coquotto as she is, slio doos not give him muon onCouragoment. Tlio two moot in ono of tlio gorges near Luyn Doll, Lord Horace's homo- stew, and alio tolls him of tho doings of a certain Captain Moonlight, n bushrangor, chivalrous to tlio fair hox, a kind of modorn Gland Duval. As (tlioy uro convorsing on tlio exploits of this hero, us slio terms liim, licr sister's husband, Horace, uppoars, and she asks him if tlioy huvo caught Moonlight. CHAPTER 111.— .Continued.) Haven't wo a cook? you were' going to say. No wo haven't. Mammie and I do tlio cooking for ench other, and a nice mess we make of it, and the kanaka hoy who doos the garden cloans the pots ami pans. Now you know all about it. Have you any idea, Mr. Ilallett, what Mammie and I have to live upon ?' ' Nc — that is I didn't imagine of course that yon were millionaires.' ' Wo'vo got oxactly £125 a year, not coauting the garden produce — £125 a year to pay our rent and to feed and clothe our two selves and buy nil tho noeossaries of civilisation. Isupposolpassasaoivilised young person out in Australia, though I am sure I shouldn't if you put mo down in London sociot.y. Oh dear, I wonder if 1 shall over have a taste of London aooiety.' ' IIow you always harp on England,' said young Hallott. ' Well, isn't it supposed to he the Paradise of Australian girls, as they used to say Paris wus to the Americans ? I'm certain that one of tho reasons Inn married Horace was because she thought he might take her to England. I can't imagine any other.' Frauk laughed. 'Oh, ho is n very good fellow, though ho is a lord, aB they say about here. Rut why do you sav that your sister married him becauso she wanted to go to England, She is not ambitious, sho dbeBii't core about that sort of thing. Slio is not ' ' Not like me,' Elsie interrupted! ' If I wero only half ns good as Ino.' ' Sho murriod him, I suppose, becauso slio loved liira,' Ilallett went on uneasily. ' Do you think he is the kind of person a girl would fall in lovo with ?' said Elsio. 'Why not? He is vory handsome, and ho lias nice manners.' ' And ho is horribly selfish, and he is shallow — as shallow as the creek at tho crossing. Mr. Hallott, do you know I oin worried about Ina. I don't think somohow sho is very happy. But sho is much too proud and much too good to own it.' Hallott looked uncomfortable. Ilis memory wont back to a sertaia day not many months book — a day when ho had confided to Ina Vallinnt tho love he felt for her sietor Elsie, and of which ho never could think without n painful twinge, a borriblo suapioion that elie had once eared for him herself. It was true lie had no reason for the suspicion — nothing hut a stifled exclamation, a quiver of the voice, n suddon paling. Tho sus picion lmd been joyfully lulled to sleep, when a month or so afterwards she had accepted Lord Horaoe, and whoa she had told him again, and this time firmly and unfalteringly, that sho would do every thing in her power to further his suit with Elsie, And sho had done every tiling she could. She had asked him over repeatedly, had been sweet, frank, and sister-like, and had Beamed absolutely satisfied. And yet when Elsie said that . Ina was not hnppy, he knew that she was only eohoing his own miserable thought. Tell me,' ho said, ' why do you fsnoy that? Isn't he good to her ?' 'Oh, yes. He is always making love to her, if you call that being good. It is reallv quite embarrassing somstimes, and it I wore Ina I wouldn't have it. And then ho flies out because the dinner isn't quite right, or beaauso some little stu pidity is wrong, and sulks like a spoiled child. It's because Ina doesn|t sulk too —becauso she puts up with his pettish- ness so angelically, and takes such pains that everything shall bo right next time, that I am sura she isn't happy. It's unnatural.' ' Surely it's very natural if she cares for him.' ' Poor Ina;' said Elsie, softly. ' Well, she is happy enough apparently, when she is fidgeting after the ohickons and furbishing up her doU's house.' 'It does look a littlo like a hush doll's honBO,' said Frank. They were oloss to the humpy now. It wob a queer little slab place, roofed with bark, standing against a background of white gumtrees, whioh, with their taH, ghost-liko trunks and sad gray foliage, gave a suggestion of dreariness and deso lation to the otherwise cosy homestead. Lord Horace had made tho host of tho ; humpy. It had boen a stockman's '- hut, two slab rooms and a lean-to; and . how' another hut had been joined to it, \- which was Lord Horace's kitohen, and ; there wore sundry other lean-to's and straggling shanty s which served for guest-rooms and meat- Btores. Tho \- veranda of tho humpy had an earthen ; : floor, and tho posts were of barked sap- ; lings. But thero woro oreepors growing " . nrouud tho postB and festooning tho bark -roof, and thore wero Btands of fernB ';agaiuBt the slab walls, and squatters' choirs with crimaon cushions which mde splashes of colour. Lord Horace's chair had d glass of some spirituous ooncootibh on its arm table, whioh his attentive wife had just brought to him, and he was filling his pipe, while Ina, who was only a few degrees less lovely than Elsie, leanod against the post, and waited sub missively to be told the day's news. Lord Horace took a great doal of credit to himself for having loft the humpy in its original state of roughness. ' Some fellows, you know, would have gone to no end of expense in oartin' cedar and Bhinglin' atd and paintiu', and apoilin' a really good Australian effect,' ho was wont to say. 'That's the worst of you Australians, you've got no sense of dramatic fitness. And that's what I say to Ina and Elsie when thoy want mo to fill up the chinks between the slabs and put in plate-glass windows. A bush hut is a bush hut, and there's something barburous in the idoa of turning it into a villa. Wait till I'vo finished my stono house. Then you shall see something.,' really comfortable, and harmonious, too. In tho meantime, if we can't be comfortable, let us at least be artistic.' Those were Lord Horace's sentiments. The new houso had come to a stand still for want of funds after tho founda tions had beon laid, and it was not likoly to got beyond the foundations unless Lord Wavcryng sent out further supplies ; but Lord Horace talked of it with as proud a certainty as if an. army of master builders were already at work. Lady Horace came slowly down tho leg steps, and held out her hand to Hallett. ' How do you do,' she |aid in a gentle littlo Australian drawl. ' I'm vory glad you have como. Elsie was saying yester day that wo wore so dull.' ' That's because we're on our honey moon yet,' put in Lord Horace. ' Elsie says it's quite disgusting the way we spoon.' Frank Hallett noticed that Lady Horace flushed a brilliant red, and interpreted the blush as ajfavourable sign. On yes, she was happy. She must be happy. If she had not boen happy she could not have answered so composedly. ' We were planning to take Elsie over to Tnnimba to see Mre. Jem Hallett, be fore she goes down to Loiebhardt's Town. Rut we'rb a little frightened of Mrs. Jem, because she is bo dreadfully grand, and she might be vexed if we went without a formal invitation.' 'Here is tbe formsl invitation, any how,' said Hallett, and he produced his sister-in-law's note, and gave it to Lady Horace, who duly handed it to her hus band, and it was there and then settled that thoy would go. Frank Hallett had brought something else for Ina — some of tho famous Tunimba figs, which were now going off, and ho had brought a book for Elsie, and while these offerings were being unpacked and commented on, ho studied Lady Horace's faoo. Ina was not so pretty as her sister. Sho was not so tall, her colouring was less brilliant, and she was much quieter. It was a wonder, peoplo thought, that Lord Horace, who was a fastidious person, had fallen in lovo with her instead pf with the oil- conquering Elsie. . Rut Elsie had snubbed him, and Ina was besides very protty and very much more docile than her sister. She had a sweet littlo serious face, with a peculiarly delicate com plexion, and a tender, rosolute mouth. Tho fault of lier face lay in the light eye lashes and eyobrows, whioh gave her a certain insipidity. Sho had a very gentle manner, and she did not talk much, not nearly as much as EUie. She had been only four months mar ried. Ilallett asked her how she liked tlio Dell, and she told him in her child- liko way all auuufc her chickens, and her pigs, and the new garden, and the pump Lord Horace was making, and other domestic detnils. And she asked him various questions about tho working of Tunimba and Mrs. Jem Hallett'B manage ment, whioh showed that she had thrown hereolf entirely into hor bush lifo. Ho said something to this effect.' ' Yes,' she answered. ' I want to make tho Dell as muoh a model of a place in its small way as Tunimba is in its big way. And then, you know, Horace isn't like a regular buehman, he must have his litle English comforts ' ' Which ho insists on combining with his Australian dramatio effoots,' put in Hnllctt, and that must mako management a little difficult for you, Lady Horace.' lO be continued to-MOBnOW.J 