Sensorial Illusions. What are we to believe a supernatural appearance ? It is a most difficult point to decide. Nicolai, the bookseller of Berlin, was for months troubled by spectral appearances of all shades, shapes, and almost colors ; some the likenesses of dead and some of living friends ; others strangers to him. From being frightened, he became used to them, and, in fact, rather lonely without them. There were horse, dogs, cats, men and women. The latter presently began to talk to each other and to him. They even suited their voices—to his ear—in the con- versations of his real friends. Nicolai, who was apparently in good health, was escorted in this way from New Year's Day till 20th April, 1791. The doctors, who were convinced that the ghosts were the result of a disordered system, treated him vainly. Surely here was a case beyond even the peradventure of a doubt. But presto ! comes an unbelieving medico, and with fiendish ingenuity bethinks him of leeches. They were applied, and as they drew away the blood the ghosts grew pale and paler, till at last they entirely disappeared. At the time of applying the leeches, the room was full of spectres, moving about and speaking cheerfully to each other, as ghosts with good consciences may be supposed to do Ere eight o'clock that night, they had entirely disappeared, and poor Nicolai was bereft of his shadowy companions, whom he never saw more. There is a more surprising case than this on the records—one which, even knowing it to have been a sensarial illusion, one shudders to think of besetting a man of average courage. Herr von Baczko was a Polish gentleman, to whom, sitting in his room writing his autobiography, an apparition was vouched. One evening, shortly after the battle of Iena, he relates he was writing when suddenly he felt a poke in his loins. Looking round, he found that it proceeded from a negro or Egyptian boy, about twelve years old. Though persuaded that the whole thing was an illusion, he says he thought it best to knock the apparition down, when he felt a sensible resistance ! The negro thereupon attacked him upon the other side, and gave his arm a particularly disagreeable twist, when Baczko again pushed it off. This negro continued to visit him constantly during four months, preserving the same appearance and remaining tangible ; then, Baczko's health improving, he came seldomer, and finally appearing as a brown- colored apparition, with an owl's head, he took his leave. Here was a ghost that was not only seen, but felt ; that could be knocked down, and was capable of rising again to the attack ; a horridly disagreeable ghost, black, suggestive to the fanciful mind of evil associations ; a ghost sufficient quite to build a solid spectral theory upon—and yet no ghost at all, but the mere product of a disordered liver. 