.The Catholio- Mission at Kyabram. -: Foe the past two ?or tlhree' months there has beeli quite a stir in religious circles in the Kyabrani ilitrict. The: Weileyan;i Presbyteriani, ind Anglican` bodies shave all lield sipecial anni versary, or opening services, and now a holy mission is bleing Cnindeted in con nection with the Roman Catholic Church; and daily vast crhw 's attind the a, rvicees, and a great deal of spiritual good' is Iring wrought through the ministrations of the Redemptorist Fathers, who are holidng the mission. InSt. Auguntine's Church, Kyabram, the mission commencedl on Sunday morning, Father Pidgeon, C.S 8.I;, officiating. Holy sinneswas relhbrated at 11 .mn, after whiclk Falher "Pidlgeon explained the obj, ?is. :f to e inssion, and ebxhorted all t,efaithful not to milss a single chance Iof attiiding the si'r vices, so that the goodn might be made better, the iildifferent aroused from thei' tepidity, and the poor sliners brought to confess their sins andl repent of them, and obtain 'absolulion. Later on the rev. father Ireached - a stirring sermt a, basing his renmark- upon. the words io Jesus--" Wh4t shall it pr ofit a-man if be gain the.world and lose his owsn soul, or what shall 4 man give in exchange 'or his soul." n . 'ioLeanayeiinigigFih er ei spokef.athe .elationaetweeasGod-ape , Crekitor ;=lfdeemre lrPiini=it rei r . : - - *OnDlMonday evehing-Fntli~r Pidgro' delivered ii flowerful- sermon :from 'the text--" Hear, O eavnn', aInd give e? to, ye earth, for ;,he Lord: hath spoken I have brought up children anti exalted thenem, uttheylhave despised Me." The evil -that was complained of in these words -was the malice of mortal sin. This evil was so great as to be abso. lutely unextlainable. If one went down in:spirit to hell and asked those suffer ing there Wilat it "nrant,tlhey wrould eay -"iWe know we arhere here.through mortal sin,lmat Eannsot explain." - If the devils were asked they would say-"y.We tempt ?man :to mortal sin, but cannot explain its malice." The angels in. heaven could not explain its 'ninlice. GOd alone knows, for lie is ininlite, and all mortal sin is an outrage against His divine majesty. Sin imllied eontempt for God, rebellion egasinnt' Him, and the basest ingratitude against the best -of fathers and the kindest of benefactors. Mortal sin was a disregard of God's known laws, a wilful breaking of thr commandments that IHe writaon` tahlets of. stone and delivered to ian amidst thunderings on Mount Sinai. The sinner by committing mnortal sin showed that he despised the God who created hini and the earth out of nothing, and could utterly destroy the world anti burl him" to the loweast; depths of hell. How was it that men daredi to offer such. insults and show such contempt against Otd 2 If a man intended to break the law of the country, he wouhld anot date do it openly blefore an officer, b'eause' lie knew he would-be cast into prison.. A child will not do wrong -bi'hlre his parents, knowing that lie will :be phstised. Godl is everywhere. There was not a point of lpace where He is not. Yet madt, in His very pres?nrce, dared to despise Him, to out rage His lawn, to treat Him with -contempt. Probably they might think that' the darkness of the night might bide their sin. -They might think that nekneknew of their, sin,', save the com panions aif their guilt, bui there was One who knew and saw everything. A sin:'might be committed- in the field where only the beassts were present, but 4God"was there also, acd nothing could be bid from n Him. -Perhapsi, a sinner might conceal the sin from the priest and obtain absolution, but God knew all. He'w?e sitness to the sacreligiotis con-: fession and heard the lie. It mattered not where sin was committed, whetliir eunder cover of 'darknesd, in private, in .,the field, or in the .chirshr?it was com Stitted -in the .very presence of Clod. It i~iglit be'an evil thoight or'desire, yet war it known to OGd.: 1Again, think if a man went into the court of an earthly king orqaeen and there offered an insult to the sovereign, would he not be in stantly seined by the courtiers ? Yet -was the great King of Heaven' insulted, -even in the ipresence of His: spiritual .courtiers, and none ut'God knew. Juse .tification for sin could not be pleaded. Man could not' in justice commit the least venial sin even: if through it the 'world might be delivered from-suffering -and wrong, or even if it could empty -bell of all the damned souls that writhe -in torment there. -It- would be a lie against the great God of, justice. ;Yet men commit the most grievous sins without the slightest shadow ofjustifica; 4io.iLTThe impare imad or woman com mits loathsome ,anid. ab.-minable deeds" or darkLie, tihe'dr dinkard wreaks 'his 'body anIi noel,'thie lays men rolls li his bed in idleness whenhe should be attend itig'holy miss, i'sid all for mere filtlhiy straws. The siner; as 'it we-e, takes a pair of. scales, andt in one side plrices tle' innitl gonnerss'of God; tihe precious blood of Jesus; and in the other s.ide'pises sionie imliure thought, sonime deed of darkness, deadly hatred, some scheme of revenge,: or i?bateveir his passion may dictate, and oh, merciful beaivens, hie electu'to followhis i·assions: and reject his Obd. In the holy gospels it is recorded, hoiwPontius Pilate, obedient to' thle"demanda of the Jews, -released Blrrabasb, the nimurdierer, robber and desp.eyed villian, insteadi of the Lord Jesus. Those who committed sin werewoired than the d.eadly haiting' Jerw who howled Tor Barrabas. :How was it that those who were created out of dust daied/to insult their Crestor t H(,r was it that the alime of th3 earth dared to stand up and esav--"Great Uod, we will. not.. serve.~Tliee.". In. thet bleesed goslels" it "was recordetd ihow- lHerod cldiliciftlhe blessed Lord in a white gar moqti adtd imiacked Him , ibwC thsc-setv spat upon. Jesusanl strutick Him, and how he wase at liengtth Crelly crucified. The sininer 'ii, every" sin he com mitted mocked CGod ad ncracified the Son of God afresh. How great was the c~ontempt- f..GCod ,when mnen glorie .in their shame. Committing a mortal sin was rebellion against God ? Death was the punishment for rebellion against an earthly sovereign,, even thnough suho envereign ihad -no -lawful riLg't' t the throne, or crshod th:i peo'ple with un= just laws. God risntii usurper or hard tnskmaster, and yvt irsiners declined to do His will. The sPienr rebels againist God when in disobhdience to His. com mands he curses and swears, or when ihe desecrates the Sabbath by notatten'ling annss. God says-'" Honor thy falher and thy motlier,' .and .tlh- edit~hedient son or dis iihtr. febbelled a.gainst Goil and despised His compnod..le qold sys. drunikii{.itit inSiiiunlting liquor,prac tically says that he prefers killing him self to ol'eyinle- Gobl' voice. Tn. the sixth and intli' "enmniilndmmeits God forbids that any should take.pleasure in impure. thourhts, words or deeds, andl yet the impure man and woman said to God--" We despise your commands nndi will continue in .our Inoathsnmnllces." And so on with the Pest of the coin mandments. Thlis in'the treatment the nin r- netees out to God, who'"ians -reated, redeemed and blesaddthiin., ln' 'effect thtasintier invites tlltidevil t3o take possession of his soul in retuin for being' allowedl td~Ys'tifryan'iie ,infdl U'passion.h Itt was mortal sin, and ,tlhat?alhm.o that caused the death of Clrist on Calvary's height, andt. whosoever. continued in mortal- sin was a murdeter of Christ. Mfortal 'sein was an act of the basest, blackest ingratitude against He who it the Giver of all good gifts, He who re deemed us on the cross, and who sent the Holy Ghost, the third person of the Trinity, to cnmfort mankind. G o.'s mercy was infinite. If the poor sinner became humble and repentant, God would forgive all. Each should col e to Gold and say-" Father, I 'have sinned against heaven and Thee, anl am no more worthy to he called Thy child." If the sinner were truly repentant and i asilo a full confession, the absolution would lie pronounced, and; the snail cleansed from mortal sin. Ont Tuesday `evening the subjeet of Father Pidgeon's address was 'Sacra mental:Penance,' and .that on' lVednes-: day. evening 'Julgmnent.'; On.Thursday evening, the sanctuay was beautifully draped with red cloth and lace, decorated with handsome vases, flowers and ever greens, and brilliantly illuminated with hundreds of candles. 'The Holy Eu. charist' was the subject of the sermon. The decorations were arranged by Mesalimes Ryan, Hayes. Muhnahy and Keegait, Misses Hayes, Quin, Bradley, Roe, and Cullinan, Messrs Carolan, Lalor and Kiegan, asisted by other ladies and genitlmen. The singing at the various services was rendered by a choir. under Miss Dyer's, direction, M|rs Mulcahy, Misses M1. Bradley, Roe, Byrne, Leader and J..Hyn,, Me-srs (O'Brien, Caroiat, ian others assisting. Tiht' mission will close to-mrriw monr- ing (Saturday.) in St. Monica's Church, Kyabram West, the Rev. Fa.ther O'Farrell, C.S.i.'t., has Ibeen condluctinig hhihly successful mission services during thie week. The mission wll clos, there on Sunday :evening, tihe Re.lelnptorists proceeding next to' Whsrparilla. 