IRoveUst . WYTH RED'S WHARF. CHAPTER I. Between Thames-street and tho River Thames, upon a spot on whioh the castle of an English monaroh buce stood there stands a lofty warehouse — bo lofty that even at mid-day it throws' sotae shadow upon the broad wharf below. It is a busy soeue ; for upon that silent highway, where formerly tho gilded barges of royalty glided to and fro with cargoes of dames and courtiers, blaok barges now pass in slow procession, led by asthmatic tugs of tho most demooratio ap pearance. Hero laughtor seldom greets the ear ; the hoarse shouts are heard of barge and lightermen, and the constant trundling of iron trucks loaded with sioks, boxes and bales ; but above all other noise sounds the rattling chainwork of huge oranes when the goods are lifted into the air and Bwallowed up at some wide aporture upon one of the numerous floors of the warehouse— a warehouse whioh would, seem to bonst of unlimited accommoda tion ; for tho unloading from tho lighters and the lifting of merchandise into one storbrootn or another go on day after. day. Upon the first floor of this warehouse, looking out upon the river, is Mr. Lin- tock's office. Mr. Llntook is the proprie tor. Wythred's wharf and warehouse have been in the family for generations. Few richer men are to be found tlihtx- John Lintook in the aity of London ; aud, yot, as he Bab Into one afternoon at his desk, this princo wharf-owner had a dis contented, troubled look. His brow W&s.; deeply wrinkled, and the expression in hjs eyes was that of a man who wsb con stantly haunted by some distressful' thought. A knock at his office door, for no obviouB reason, startled him. It was growing dusky on the river, and the men wore beginning to disperse for the night. It was duskier still in the wharf- owner's zoom. "Who's that?" Mr. Lintook, half- ' rising, shaded his eyes with his hand. "Duoket?" " Yob, sir." "Ah, that's right. Well, Duoket;' what is it J" Looking round the sombrei room the man said : " Shall I light your lamp, sir ?" asked Bucket. "No, Duoket, I shall not need it to night ; I am going homo. Have you any thing to Bay?" Duoket was Mr. Lintook's foreman. .He waa a broad-shouldered man, with large limba and a great, honesb face. Hie figure was angular— a rather gaunt form, aggravated in its fttnnn by constant!" bending to lift heavy weights, He had the koen, searching eyes of one long ao- customed to the supervision of a hive of workmen. " Ycu wished mo to tell you, sir, when-. I saw Ologahoun again. '' "Weill1" said Mr. Lintook, noticing lome hesitation. " I have seen him." "About the wharf?": "No; he has given hp coming here. Ho took the hint I gave him. last time, and haB stopped coming this way, though 1 nover thought ho would." "Whore, then, did you seo him?" asked Mr. Lmtock. " On London Bridge. Ho was lonnging there, sir, leaning over the parapet. It was getting dark, and I saw him look at the warehouse and then into the river, as if lie had half a. mind to drown himself. I'm a-thinking, sir, that he's gotting a bit daft." "A danger to himself," the wharf-' ..owner answered thoughtfully, " And to others, sir, ' said the foreman, sigmfioantly. " He's plotting. A man like Ologstoun would stick at nothing, sir." 44 What do you mean by that, Duoket?" Duekot twisted his cap in his hand and glanaed out of the window upon the : darkening river. " Plotting revenge," said he. "Eh ?" "Plotting revenge," repeated Duoket, with a quiok look at his master. I "Why, those broken-down, drunken! onapa like Ologstoun, sir, haven't anything to Iobo— they Set no value on life. " Do you mean their own ?" \- 44 Aye, sir— neither their own nor other people's. Yon'U oiouserae, sir ; but if you had ebon the faoe of him— " Tho foreman stopped abruptly. . Some thing in Mr. Lintook's faoe alarmed him i a keen stab oould' soaroely have praduoea a moro sudden ohango. But the startled : expression passed before be' 'could ask. if his master were ill. " Duoket," said Mr. Lintock, rising from his chair, " if Ologstoun ever comes to tho wharf you have my leave to hand him ovor to the polioo. We must run no risks in a plaoo like this. 1 am glad to seo that yoa are alivo to the foot that tho man is a dangorous oharacter." As ho drovo that ovoning toward Lou- Jon Bridge Station through tho lamp-lit streets, Mr. Lintock poorod restlessly out of tho carriage window ; and in tho large thoroughfares, whero men with unoouth, dissipated facos laughed and talked at half-open tavorn doors, ho looked about him with tho horror of ono who droadod to rooogniso some repulsive faco among them. ' It was not until the wharf- owner had passed into the orowded station that he seemed to throw off in somo dogroe l (bis cariosity about his follow-men. 1 Mr. Lintonlr Uvud at feenwtohr and .» -the train was on the point of starting. As he stepped into an empty compartment iand;.tue> porter- was closing tho door, a young man camo up out of breath and Stopped in after him,. By the dim light thoy recognised eaob other as friends, and a warm exohange of greetings fol lowed. " Why, Overbook, what takes you to Ureonwicli, oh ?'' said tlie wharf-ownor. " I was coming to viBityou." " To dino with us I" '' Yes." N- " I am delighted to hoar it." A matter of business between Mr. Lintook and Percy Ovorbcck hnd origi nally brought them together. Ovorbock had takon part of a houBo in Trinity fiauare as a junior partner m a Hamburg firm, and often had occasion to laud goods at Wythred's wharf. Mr. Lintock, in his younger days, had known Overbock's parents ; and ho had welcomed to a place on his hearth this son of his old friends, ns soon as he presented Ins letter of re commendation ; and so it came to pass that the young Hamburg moroliant quickly learu.od to realise that Mr. Lin took had a faBoinating daughter. Nor did ho dospair of somo day winning Bertha Lintook's hand. ' Tho train was in rapid motion. Tho two friondB sitting opposite cAoh other, Were chatting pleasantly, wlion a startling change oainu over Mr. Lintook's faoe. The expression wsb that of abjoot terror. With his eyes fixed as though he wore fascinated — axed upon tho further win dow of tho carriage — the wharf-owner sat pale and speochlces. Overbook could not withdraw his gaze and so completely did Mr. Lintook's faoe and attitude impress him, that for tho. moment ho imagined something super natural had appeared to him. Turning hiB head to follow the dirootion of the whnrf-ownor's eyes, Overbeck was sur prised to soe no phantom— nothing visible beyond the window but hlnok night. Overbook placed his hand on Mr. Lin took's arm. " Aro we in danger ? You stare as though you anticipated something ter rible. If there is any ronl — " Tho elder man raised his hand to silonco his companion, at tho samo time covering his eyes with the other as if to shut out some repulsive sight. " There is no danger — no danger now. 'It has gone by." This answer, in Ovorbook's excited - state of mind, did not satisfy. " Thoro was danger, then ? If it was real, and -not more fanoy— " 'It was real. It's lueky wo met to-night. Your presenoe has saved my life.-!' v; In what -possible way?" " Do not quostion me now," said Mr. Lintook, with groat earnestness. "1 .saw, as distinctly as I see you at this mo ment. a faoe at that farther window — a face tnat has haunted- mo for more than a year." Overbook , sprang up. to go to the car riage doorj. but hiB companion placed a restraining' hand upon his arm. "DonVstir I The face has gone— it would bp madness I" he ehglne shrieked, and the carriages began to skokon paco. In another min ute the . train had come to a standstill in iGreenwioh Station. CHAPTER II. The LintooVm anaionydn the neighbor hood of Greenwich Park, was surrounded by a high garden wall. The great iron gate, leading into a large courtyard, might have bfeen the entraiioe to a prison, and its gloomy aspect filled Percy Over- beck's mind with vague fears. But when the front door was thrown open, and ho stopped With his host into abroad, well- lighted lmll, all sense of dread was in stantly dismissed, for at the foot of tho oaken staircase stood Bertha Lintook. She was a tall, graceful girl of nine teen ; and she always looked her best, in Percy's opinion, at those momontB of .greeting with her father ; not that her dark eyes were wanting in their eloquent expression of welcome when they mot his. But she simply said in a charming lone of well-feigned surprise i " Mr. Overbeok, How very kind this- is I" as she took his proffered hand. Overbook could not fall to notice,, from Bertha's anxious glanco at hor father's face, that sio guessed something had re cently upset him. . Was it possible that suoli-a trouble-as this, whioh ho had acci dentally discovered, weighed upon her father's mind? Bertha's first words, when they were alone in tho drawing- room before dinner, " Have you mnrked the change in my father ? . To night he does not seem the same man," con vinced Overbeok that oho had boon told nothing. "Ho is greatly ohangod," replied tho young pian. "I am muoh oonoernod about him." Can anything bo done ?" ' " I sincerely hope your father will talk to me of himself this evening. I shall draw him out," he added, laughingly, to reassure hor, " over our oigor. Bertha's eyeB expressed her sonse of gratitude. During dinner Mr. Lintock -was. deeply ahstraoted : in foot, ho left Bertha to do--, all the talking ; so she and Peroy oorw vorsed together to their hearts" con tent. ' . As soon -as dinner was over, Bertha rose to leave. While Overbeok stood: holding open tho door, the girl gave, him aneof those appealing looks as she paBBed out .whioh he remembered long after. " Now that we are alone,", said Mr. Lintook, "I will ask your attention for a few -minutes. I want to tell you of the face that haunts mo. I have intended for some time speaking to you. The' in cident in the traiu to-night has - decided me." Overbeok, having drawn forward an, armohaiiy lit-, a . cigar, and looking atten tively at Mr.. Lintook, said : " I am deeply interested." After a few minutes' pause, the -whuff-- owner inquired I 'r ' - "Do you remember, Ovorbeok,' an in- - divldual of the namo of Ologatonn ?" ' Overbeok shook his head. " He was a workman on the wharf. -I dismissed him for insobriety." "A dark person, with blaok, hungry oyes ?" aakod Overbeck. " That's the. man, as you deeribe him—, that's - tho man whoso face I saw. at the oarriago window to-night," Tho youngor man's handsome eyes-were fixed searohingly upon his host, . 'Not roally ?" " Yes, what oIbo?" - . " I thought you might mean his ghost," said the young man, smiling. ; " I mean the man's faoe.. I have no belief in disembodied spirits.'- . i ' / ' "But," said , Overbook, ."unless the man Ologstoun is dead — " j "He is not dead. Ho tlircntons mo';, he lins done 80 for months. I soe.his faoe everywhere — everywhere," Bold Mr. Lin tock, glancing uneasily round the room. For a moment the ;wharf-ownsr placed his hand across his oyos, as he had done in the railway oarriago ; bub quickly re covering lumsolf he said ; " Ologstoun had often been employed on the wharf, and as often discharged, owing to Ins tipsy and . quarrolsomo habits. He insulted ovoryono ho came aoross, when exoitod by drink, until it was thought he must be out of his mind. Wlton at Inst I refused to iiston to his appeal to bo given another chanco, ho muttered, 1 You ohnn't rum me for no thing, Mr. Lintook ; you had hotter think tins over.' I did not lilto Ins look thou ; thoro was a Btrango expression in his oyos— a look that seoined to me to con tain a touch of insanity. A fow days afterward he accosted me in tho street, loaded me with lusult, and vowod ho would not rest until ho had taken my lifo." ' Overbook started up with an angry ex clamation on hie lips. 44 Tho man is mnd 1" " I treated this threat at first as tlie silly utterance of a drunkard," continued Mr. Lintook. " It gave me at the mo ment no real uneasiness. But as time wont by, his conduot bogan to alarm me. He again accosted me, and became more insolent. I warned him that I should be forcod, if he did not coasb to annoy me, to tuko the matter before a magis trate." " Ah ! you did right. I should have done so at once, though." 11 But that has no affect. He still dogs my stops if I venture out after, dark. I Bae his eyes fixed on me at every corner ; and unless something is done to put a stop to ib I shall be ill. My duties at the warehouse aro a sufficient wear and tear without Ologstoun's wretched face threat ening me night and day." Overbeok was pacing up and down, the room. He could not rest with the thought of Mr. Lintook insulted and harassed at every turn. " Does anyone know of this affair ex cept ourselves ?" he asked. Tho wharf-ownot reflected a moment. " Ducket, I think, suspects something ; ' nobody olso." "Not even your daughter ?" " I have never spoken tb her on the aubjoot," said Mr. Lintock, evasively. After a moment's pause, Overbeok asked t "Oan you give me Ologstoun's ad- drosB ?" The wharf-owner looked up sur prised. " It novor occurred to mo' that he had any. In what hole or corner of London would he lodge ? His appearance was no better when I saw him last than that of a vagabond or tramp." " He must be known to the police;" " So I hope, for ho has fallen very low. He waB lost seen by Ducket on London Bridge, contemplating, I should think from the aucounb ho gave me, suioide or something worse. Is there a crime that one so profligate would not commit ? The thought makes me Bhudder! If you had seen his face to-night, the dread would have laid bold of. you as it- haB of mo — that toy life iB in danger." He spoke in a very earnest tone, bat there was no trace of agitation in hia manner. Hie words, "My life is in clanger," seemed to express the convic tion of a sound-minded man capable of mature roflootion. 44 Yon ore seriously of opinion, Mr. Lintook, that the face at the carriage window was real, and not imaginary ?" Mr. Lintook, with a thoughtful look bout upon the ground, replied : " That is a question to which I wish. Overbook, I could give you a satisfactory answer. Is it real ? The faoe, as I tell you, threatens me momentarily — so un expectedly ; it seems— only too real." Then he suddenly added with a soorching glanoo, "Yon do not think my brain jvfTocted"? Woll, woll, it iB not surpris ing if you do. I have enough worry at the wharf, somotimes, witlyiut this one, : to drive me orazy." Overbeok promised to take the matter seriously in hand ; and after some further conversation on tlie subjeot, of a ro- ossuriag nature, Mr. Lintook proposed that they should join Bertha in the drawing-room. Sho was at the piano, hut she rose when they came in, gave them tea, and paid some delioate little attentions to her father. Then she returned to the piano, and began to play a sonata that Seemed like an accompaniment to her dreamy thoughts. Presently Peroy Overbeok went softly to a chair beside nor, for tho wharf-owner had fallen asleep. 44 He hasBpoken to you," said the girl, still aoooropanying her dream. 44 Has he not?" Her faco was troubled, and tears wore in hor dark eyes; 44 We have talked the matter over. He has told me everything. Do not bo dis-. tressed; there ia no need. Have confidence in me, will you, as an old friend?" There was little occasion to havo asked this. Bertha's face, though troubled, had no$ lost its truHtfalnOsB. 44 Why should you doubt that?" waa tfye girl's reassuring reply. " For weeks .past I have wished that my father would speak to you. I knew that, something disturbed him. Bub he is so considerate t He has done his best to hide it from me, .fearing to alarm me." 44 It is about a discharged workman—? it is host that you should know — a fellow who threatens your father. The affair has nnnerved him ; but I hope to put matters right. You are not frightened, 1 hope?" . , . 44 Now ; pot now," said Bertha in a low voice— 44 not now, that you . aro: lifting half the burden.off our. shoulders. How good it is'of you !" : She was irresistible. Qverbeok an swered in his earnest .way j 44 There is' no burden that I would not bear for your -sake." "Forms'?". "'Yes, Berthe, .Hove, you." i There wbb a flutter of the dark eye lashes, but the girl did not raiee hor eyos. The accompaniment to her droam was al most inaudible now. Was the reality — the conviction of hor love for Peroy Overbook dawning upon hor ? The sonata was finished, and Mr. Lin took awoko out of hia nap. It was timo for Overbeck to bid hia friondB good night, for ho intended to roturn to Lon don. He caught a sweet, timid glanoo from Bortha aa ho took his leave. As tho train was approaching London Bridge, cad the glow of lamplight in t » -V'..'. /I : j . : i wido and narrow thoroughfares threw a rod reflection -oyer the city, 'Overbeck thoueht of tlio countless mysteries that lay. ludde'n in dark courts and alleys, in the midst of all this glare. 1 Was tlio faco that haunted -liis fnond in one of. tli coo shadowy by-ways ? i - ' — ' . ' . ' ' CHAPTER III. Tho visit to Greenwich of Porcy Over beck had effected, a noticeable change in the Wharf-owner's stato of mind. The haunted look loft him, his expression was altogether less careworn, and it would al most seem as if thoBO strange forebodings which had lately perturbed his brain troubled hun no longer. His interest m off tho business of the wharf returned and Ducket found linn ono evening work ing in grim earnest nt lus desk. 44 Woll, Duoket," snid Mr. Lintook, ns the foreman came in, lnntern m hand, to light lus lamp, " who is on duty to night?" 44 I'm on duty, sir, till 12 o'clock." 44 Nob alono ?" 44 Why, yes. Tlie fact is, sir, I'd a special object in relieving the night watchman." . ' Tlie wharf-owner's glatlce expressed his surprise. 44 What object could you possibly have?" ' Duoket, still ocaupied with tho lamp, answered without lifting his eyes : 44 1 ami expecting Mr. Ovorbeok." 44 And what hour ?" Duoket handod the wharf-ownor a slip of paper. A single lino, which lie re cognised as Porcy thorbeok's writing, ran as follows : — 44 Ten P.M. Wait at wharf. 1?. 0.'' Mr. Lintook's faoe while reading this underwent a change; but rocovoring him self quickly ho inquired : 44 Do you know why Mr. Overbeok it coming to night ?" Tho lamp was now lighted, and Ducket, while placing it upon tlie wharf-owner's dosk and adjusting the shado, replied ; -' 44 It's about Ologstoun. So I naturally suppose ; for there ain't anything else I can think of that would bring him here at that time o' night. The note, just as you soe it, was given to me this afternoon." 44 Who brought it ?'' " One of Mr. Ovorbeck's clerk's." The wharf-owner looked -thoughtful. 44 1 have plenty to keep me busy till ten o'clook," said he, throwing a glance over the papem before him. 44 Mr. Over beck ia coming, dopend upon it, about Ologstoun. I shall wait and seo him." Then taking up his pen ho added, "You'll be within call if I want you, Duoket?" 44 You've only to touch the bell, sir ; I shall be Bure to hear." lb was the first time for many weeks that Mr. Lintock had worked alono in the oounting-liouse after dark ; and it was not surprising that the dead silence and soli tude, when he occasionally stopped and looked up from his desk, should remind him of the threatening faoe of Ologstoun. He had dismissed the olerks, for he had no need of assistance ; every detail refer ring to the wharf was entered in tho hooks upon the shelves around him. . Still the silence seemed each moment more oppressive. It was past nine. What could- Ducket be doing so noise lessly down Btairs, he wondered ? It won so strange he had neither heard the sound of -his voice nor footsteps. Then he thought, 44 If Duoket would only sing or move about the building the sense of loneliness and dread which is creeping over me would be removed." He tried manfully to dismiss this feel ing and to find absorption in the work be fore him ; bat there now roBe in his mind, more vividly than over, this haunting face. Ho imagined the figure of Olog stoun, as Ducket had descriood it, leaning oVer the parapet of the bridge. Was the man there to-night, he wondored? Ho oould not resist the temptation to atretoh out his hand and draw the curtain book from the window and look out upon the dark river. The lights iliokered on the bridge; but they were too dim to have, enabled Mr. Lintook to distinguish ono figure from another. Yet he fanoied that, dark as it was, he conld discern a shadowy form standing near tho centre of the bridge, and that the form resembled that of the man with whoso faco ho was so painfully haunted. He droppod tho our- . tain with an angry gosturo. 44 What if Ologstoun is there ?"' lie ox- ' claimed aloud. But the wharf-ownor's hand trembled now; ho could not write. The blaok horrors which he had resolutoly overcome began again to crowd on his brain like imps of dorkneSB; the more ho tried to oha&o; thorn from him, tho moro thoy swarmed. His imagination awakened into terror at last, A firm oonviotion took hold of hinaj ib was liko a nightmare whioh no strength, of will oould drive from his brain ; Ologstoun was staring at him through! tlia glass partition in the olerk's. office like scab Watohing its prey I Mr. Lintook sprang to his feet. At this moment the gate bell in the-courfcynrd of the warehouse began. to ring. CHAPTER IV, After lighting Mr. Lintook's lamp, Duokot had descended to the basement on a level with the wharf. It was a huge storeroom ; its aroa represented the dimensions of the entire warehouse ; and although there were piles of merchandise on all sides of the iron pillars whioh sup ported tho floor above, its great size wgs atill apparent, for there were avenues in every . direction between these goodly piles wide enough for the trheks to run to and fro. Hear the river entranoe to this.. store room stood a woodon shed ; it had jn. door' facing the main avenue, and a small win dow on eaoh aide. On the dor was written "Superintendent's office. " Duoket raised tho latoh and ntepped in. There waa a desk under ono of the windows, and under the other stood a otove with a fun nel . disappearing through a hole in the. wood-work. Tho foroman drew up a ohsir in- front of thiB stove, and having looked at the fire and fod it with charcoal, ho began to ap pease his appetite oub of a pail and a blackened tin can with a cork in it. Eft ato his supper with apparent relish ; but tho mixture in tho can did not seem to his tasto, for ho rejected it with a grimaco aftor tho first draught. \- 44 I'd ratlior drink a pint of senna," he deolarod, driving tho cork homo emphati cally with the palm of hie hand, 44 than anothor drop of that stuff." Ho lit his pipe with ail air of resigna tion, leaned back in his chair and starod perplexedly at tho tin can. Had anyone been' Dloying him a triok? He was be- S , I ! ginning to get so.eloopy that tho, walls of the shod appeared to expand, und hie head to grow iiroportionotoly larger. It was u mnddomng soimation. Ho tried to throw off, his drowsiness, for he was tho sole watchman in tho building. If any catastrophe occurred tho blairto would fall on his shoulders. Duokot took his lantern and went out. Ho began to puco up and down tho cenl.ro avoiuio botweon pyramids of bnlos. No matter whothor ho turned to tlio right or loft he wae always becoming moro and more impressed with tlio fact that, uncer tainty lay boyond. This seen elided by tho lantern's falling from lus .hand and going out; then- ho sank on tlio ground with his head resting on a hard balo. Was ho dreaming ? It soeniod to Ducket us in a dream that someone glided past him like a glioat. and that a light Hashed boforo lus oyes ; then an interval of darkness and confusion followed, until lie awoko with a start, strongly convinced that he had boon roused by the clang of tho warohousu boll. Could it lio Ovor heck at tho gata alroady i It wns surely not ton o'clock I Tho foreman struggled to his feet and groped his way toward the superintendent's office. As lio - wont along With outstretched hands he experienced a dull singing' in his oars. . , Was it thifgato-bell vibrating in his be wildered, brain.? Duoket found tlio stove firo still burn ing, though low. Ho took a. lantern from the wall, nud lighting it glanced anxiously at the clock. 44 Half-past 'tenj'" ho exclaimed; 44 why — 41 It was tho warehouse bell. " It wns no dream now ; it eoundod liko an alarm, it was so incessant. Still half dazed with the oppressing offect of hiB unnnturnl sloop, Duokot liurriod across the - yard, and unlooking tho side door loading into Tliamos stroet, found-himself faco to faco with Percy Ovorbock. With an air of Bupprosscd impatience he said: 44 Why aro you so dilatory in opening the door ?" 44 1 only hoard the boll a minuto ago, sir." 44 How's that? 1 have been ringing at short intorvals for nearly half-an-hour. Ib thoro anything wrong ?" Duoket looking puzzled at Overbook'e excited faoe, answered : 44 1 very muoh auspoot that — " . , ".What?" 44 That I've boon drugged. That's why I could n't coma. I fell asleep ; tho noise of tho beH awoko me. " The excited expression on Overbeok's face incroased. 44 Aro you here alone ?" 44 I'm the only one on duty ; hut I'm not -alono in tho wnrehouso,", said the foreman ; 41 Mr. Lintook is hero." Ovorbock hurriedly domandod : 41 Whore ?" 44 In his office up-stairs, I left him there busy writing at his desk." 44 When?" 44 Some hours ago— before I became drowsy." 44 Hours ago ? Show the way ns quiok as you can to Mr. Lintook's room." Duoket, still more perploxed at Over- book's manner, hastened up-stairs with out a word. Ho was seized with a droad- ful sense of apprehension ; . and on open ing Mr. Lintook's door, he uttered a sup pressed ery. The wharf-owner's room was empty ; but the lamp upon his desk wbb burning, and the light thrown upon his papers showed them in disorder. An inkstand had been upset upon tho table, and the ink was triokling down into a pool upon the floor. Overbook stepped forward, took a quick glance round him. Then he looked keonly at Duoket. 44 Ologstoun has been horq. He and Mr. Lintock have met." Tho foreman's faco expressed a look of horror. 44 Now, Duoket, ""said Peroy Ovorbeok, plaoing his hand upon tho foreman's shoulder, 44 nerve yourself, Let us search dhe warehouse." Tho warehouse was explored 'from roof to . basement. The foreman who had known evOry turning among the dark lanes of morohandise since boyhood, took the lead, flashing' his lantern into evory nook and obmor. On oach floor they called on Mr. Lintook loudly hy name ; but only an echo of their voices reaoliod -them. They stood onoo more withig the 'whnrf-ownor's room. 44 Duoket," said Overbeok, 44 cost your eyeB carefully around. Is anything mis sing?" The light from the foreman's lantorn moved over the floor and then slowly round tho walls. Suddenly it Btopped be hind Mr. Lintook's chair. 44 Do you eee that peg, sir ?" "Yea." 44 That key should be thoro. It's gone." 4 4 What key ?" 44 The key, sir, to that private door ;4' and Duoket pointed to a door opposite the window. 44 But," said Overbeck, 44 that loads out upon the wharf. And;" he added, turn- jng the handle, 44 .it's looked. "What oan .itmean?" - 44 It means," said tljo- foreman with sudden inspiratloh, 44 that dead or alive, mnBter has gone ontby that door." Without loss of time, by means of tho superintendent's key, they mado their way oub upon tho l(inding-8tage. Thoy looked eagerly across tho dark river. The tide waa lapping monotonously against the Bides of the wharf; ohainB wore rattling, boats and barges moored along side oreaked and strained nt their ropes. Presently Ducket, who went flashing about with his lantern, .cried out-j 44 There's a boat gone i" 44 Ah 1 Is tho tide, ebbing ?" , "Ay, sir, ebbing fast" ' Overbeck refleoted a' moment : then he said ! 44 Give me -the fckntern.'' ; Duoket obeyed. 44 Now," added Overbook, 44 unfasten a boat, and let us row- down the stream. >;We are en thetraok, I hope; at last." Tho foreman quickly aot to work. There > was a boat suited to their purpose lying -outside a barge ; it was soon loosened and ready to start. 44 I'll take the sonUe,'' said Overbeok, ns he stepped into his place. 41 You shall steer. You know this part of tho river better than I do. Aro you ready ?" 44 Right with tho tide, Mr. Overbeok ?" 44 Yob, by all means ; with tho tide.1' And so, with Duoket grasping the rud- dor and Overbeck the sculls, the boat movod out into mid-stroam. On thoy wont with tho ebbing tido, under tho black shadows of huge ships nnd toworing warehouses until Duckot'a lantorn was a moro speck of gliding light m tho dark- <i 1 J' : I . Bertha Lintook, although made aware in a message from her father -that he should- nob roturn until Into, began to grow anxious towards midnight. Slio paocd up and down hor room, and con stantly listened for the sourtd of wlieols in tho carriago-drivo ; the unpleasant nffhir, of which Peroy Ovorbock had spukoti to her reassuringly, rcourred to hor mind. Though trusting in Porcy, sho oould not conquer hor strong presenti ment of danger ; . for, when a child, Wythred's wharf had inado a deep im pression upon Bertha. While walking at her .lathers side through tho great sombre store-rooms, they had roaohod some pus- oage— walled with bales of merchandise — so dark and narrow that she shrunk back with suddon fright, and would go no furthor. That was her first visit, and sho hnd never entered it sinao. Presently, Bertha hoard a hurried step outside tho house. She rail to the win dow and threw it open, Ovorbeok stood below. 44 Percy, has anything happened ?" she asked. 41 Where ia my father P" 44 He is hero, Bertha— at tho gate. You luivo no need to bo alarmed." Bertha hastened into the hall. Percy Overbeok met her at the door, and they went into tho dining-room to gether. 44 Your father has been again seized with that odd fanoy," Peroy hastens to toll hor. 44 He belioves; that while seated in hie office this evening, Ologstoun threatened him. Panio- striokon, he es caped from this phantom, or reality, down his private staircase leading to the wharf. Here, groping hie way to the barges, ho dropped into a boat, and, rat ing it adrift, went out with the tide. Duokot and I — to out along story short— overtook tho boat, and—" At this moment Mr. Lintook slowly en- lored the room, leaning ou Duoket'e arm. His clothes wore wet and bespattered with mud. Seeing hie daughter, ne stop ped toward ber, but losing strength, sank into a ohair. Bortha ran to his side and bent over him. ' " 44 Are you hurt, father ?" . . ' 44 No, my dear, only exhausted. Percy and our old friend Duokot," said he, looking up gratefully into their faoos, 44 have saved my life." Tho wlmrf-owner's nerves were badly shaken. But a fow days' rest, under his daughter's thoughtful Bupor vision, re stored him to health. Ologstoun's faoe nqver haunted Mr. Lintook ngain ; for on tho day after this ocourrsnce, the man was found at the warohouso among some bags of sea- damnged hemp-seed, breathing his last ; and as a small phial was discovered at his side containing traces of a narcotic, it was conjcotured that he had poured this drug into Ducket's tin can, and had himsolf swallowed the rest with a strong| resolve to bring hia wretohed existence to. an end. For some timo Mr. Lintook avoided the subjeot of his flight from the officeand from the face. It appeared, however, that at the momont when Ologsbonn forcod his way into the rooiq, tho wharf- ownor retreated through tho private door. This door fie looked behind him, in order to out off pursuit-; and thus separated from the Thamoa-Btreot exit, by Ologstoun's presence Mr. Lintook made his escape by waton, In after days, whoh Bertha had beoome Overbeok's wife, thoy ofton-dwelt-on that midnight affair at Wythred's wharf -; ond it transpired how Poroy, frequently o» the watoh for Ologstoun, having learnt something of hie haunts end habits, liad reason to suppose that he had found a means of getting into the wharohouse. For this reason he had appointed that meeting with Ducket, though scarcely imagining that events would take such a strange turn as they had dono. As manhood and womanhood open urn discrimination is neacscnry between what ought , to be remembered and what if wore better to forget. One good general rnlo whioh holds through iiie ia to iorgea as speedily as possible tho evil whioh wo see atound us and even within us; for evil, liko a plant, thrives in the light and withers in tho dsrknoBB. Brought into open view, talked about, thought about, und stored in remembranae, Its tendency is to reproduce itself. CoMPLttiiNTS, which we think are de served, we aocept only as debts, with in-, difference ; but those whose oonraiehoe informs ns we do not merit, we reoeive with the same gratitude that' we do favors, clven away. 