THIPElBYBimiPlPIRS Times are very bad. We noue of us know what we may come to. One hears of whilom millionaires who are now earning a precari ous livelihood by oleaning windows and digging front gardens, and of company mongers who have been actually forced, oy pressure of circumstances, to gain mi honest living by doing something useful. Such in stances Me very pathetic, particularly those of the latter kind. When yon are constantly hearing of such cases you get inured to anything. Therefore I was not startled speechless when, the other afternoon, coming up Swanston street, I Baw Victoria's most miliiony millionaire with his nose almost flattened up against a pork butcher's window — quite' as near to it, that is, as the brim of his hat would permit — gazing musingly at the display of three penny pork pies, black puddings and sausages. He stood sniffing and peering there for a minute or two, wondering, no doubt, what they tasted like. 1 half expected to see him go in and buy a pie and nibble it as he pur sue a his way down the street. I took such compassion on him that I could scarce restrain myself faw -offering to effect the purchase, if his pride overcame his appetite, and " go halves." However, he contented himself with the very succulent smell that came from the shop, and tore himself away, to go home to kangaroo tail soup and Canadian salmon, while I trudged off to eat my humble bread and cheese and bananas. But I shall always claim the opulent Bart, as a fellow creature after this. Hitherto I had looked upon a millionaire as something inaccessible and superhuman ; but a being with a stomach that hankers after black pudding and pork pies is emphatically a man and a brother. If I had been a member of ax&xugnt;, I don't think I could have voted Tdt Mi; Treir- with's minimum wage/ resolution la-st week. I don't believe; in aj. minimum wage. I'm a maximum wage man-Map ^maxi mum as you like. I never had any wagdypt that was too maximum for If my a age' is to be " mum '' at all, let it bt.mum ' ' .in the cl max " direction. But I should -haye liked to have been in the House on Wednes day to have enjoyed by participation that exquisite joke of Mr Patterson's at whieh no body laughed. After Mr Trenwith had spoken and one or or two more Labor members had said ditto to him, the Premier moved the ad journment of the debate " in order that members might have time to consider the resolution !" The humor of it is rich. The session is all but over. There isn't a chance as considerable as the shadow of the ghost of a microbe, of the resolution coming up again. I Mr Patterson knew that perfectly well ; so he jnst moved the adjournment to give members f lli Aiu)a«l +L A 4k A. Mninki tuuq v\J vuiua an Nvcijiu viuoi uiati bucjr uiikuv not vote too hastily. It reminds me of Sir Henry Hawkins's reply to the priscner who, after being found guilty, was asked whether he had anything to say as to why sentence should not be passed on him. The rascal said he should like a little to consider what he had to say. " Oh, certainly," said the distinguished criminal judge, "take plenty of time to consider it say five years." In one of his poems Lord Byron tells how au Italian lady, whon asked by an English woman to describe ths duties of a " cavaliere servente," answered, " Madame, £ beseech you to suppose them." An Englfoh girl of the century professes no such ignorance as that of heriair protolype. In " Girls' Gossip " , in c Truth," a letter in which " Madge " com mences by describing a corset, and winds up with a recipe for a curry— the writer gives a tolerably clear idea of the modern "tame eat," as the slang of the day o&Us; the " third in the household," the "tertium quid 55 of Rudyard Kipling. One "smart" young married woman admits that she only " keeps on " with Mr So and So because her husband would think her dowdy unless «hp had some one to run about after her. Another has a tiff with her " cavaliere," and oKanlnfalv AjlvArhiopa #ni enAl-k era a private secretary, willing to make himself generally useful. The reBpoudentsto her "ad. "are neither young enough nor good looking. They don't understand buying bouquets to matoh dresses, or picking up pet dogs, or acting as courier when travelling, and, above all, they don't understand the art of delicate and In sidious gallantry which in cold climates has a plainer name. "The tamecatsystem, "remarks " Madge," with considerable naivete, " is a curious one, but there is no doubt that it is a recognised institution in certain sets." Well, perhaps it is, but it isn't a very healthy outcome of our boasted civilisation. There is an unmanly ice- water, chocolate- cream, soented-rigarette sort of flavor about it that doesn't fit well with older- fashioned ideas. The roue of the Restoration, with his swagger of silk and satin, and his per fumed handkerchief nestling In the b&nd-; hilt of his rapier was of a manlier type. Hie was ready enough to make love to his neighbor's , wife, but he wap just as ready to unsheath that rapier behind Montague House if the husband made himself obtrusively objection able. The "tame cat" is of different order. Should an esolandre come he makes off in. a borrowed yacht to the Norway fishing; or, should he bloom into a co-respondent and get cast in damages, goes promptly in solvent. He is a popr creature, in many respeots a type of an age of sham and stucco, crim-con and chatter, gluttony and gossip a portion of a system for which a lady writer can find no better descriptive term than "curious."- The redeeming feature is that in clubs, messes and smoking rooms, in the cricket field or on the football ground, men don't think much of him. He is looked upon as a mixture of dude, masher and lady's maid, with a dash of the harem guard thrown in. Even husbands don't seem to mind him "What the woman for whom he trifles away his time thinks of him the Sphynx only knows. " I hope the charming example of those costumes to be worn in the comedy of The Amazons won't communicate itself to our women-folk," said I to my friend Mr Hen pecked, as we stood peering in a shop win dow at the photograph of Mrs Brough and Miss Grade Noble, looking bewitching in masculine attire. " It ain't necessary,'' growled Henpecked. " Why, what do you mean?" 1 gasped, "Surely the Toorak girls are not already ." " I tell you it ain't necessary," he interrupted; " the women-folk wear 'em now, at least mine do." Poor man. I always said he let Mrs H. have her own way too much when they were first married. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 