BIT OF WAR ROMANCE. " I'm a Ma6on," said tbe man of soldierly bearing, wben tbe drummer bad finished a I yam, " and am also a soldier, ot was in tbe | late war between tbe states. I was a general I of brigade in tbe anion amy, and saw some of tbe romance as well as the reality of war." " There was more reality than romance I about it, wasn't there 2" queried tbe drum- ] mer. " Rather," smiled the soldier, " but it j made tbe romance only the more delightful, j I remember on one occasion when we were j down in Georgia, where most of the office- i seekers come from now. I was out one j morning with a couple of orderlies, riding along a hillside road, which just ahead of | us met another coming up from the -valley. As we rode slowly along I heard the Eound I of a horse's hcofs on the road below and tbe clanking of a sabre. None of the enemy in force was anywhere near that locality, and I felt sure that some stray confed | was riding that way, and we went ahead i till we could command a view of the road below, and in a minute a confederate officer in a brand new unifojm, bright trappings and a fine sword came by on a beautiful horse. He was a handsome fellow, and all unconscious of ir's danger, was whistling a merry air. Of course, we must capture I him, bnfc how to do it waB a question j at first, but we soon settled on a qniet little ambuscade, and in five minutes more we j had him covered and he threw up his hands., A more crestfallen prisoner I never saw than that young fellow, and I felt sorry for him, but I could do nothing but take him along. We hadn't gone far until he got next to me, with both orderlies riding some j yards in advance, and he gave me a sign. I recognised it on the spot." " * We are Masons,' fie said, ' and I want to tell you my story- I know I've got no business over here, practically in your lines, but I'm not on a mission of war, but one of love and peace Sou see how I'm tricked out in all the best I've got'—and he smiled consciously and blushed—' and I expected to he married this afternoon. The girl is waiting for me now, and don't you tMnl- it is pretty hard on her for me to be in this fix 7 I had no idea yonr troops were so near or 1 should have dipped in in the night and got out again, but it's too late | to talk -about that now. You've got me, j and her heart will he breaking while I am shut up in some prison, and it won't be much satisfaction to yon, will it 2' " By George!" went on the general, with moiBtened eye3, " it stirred the blood within me as I listened to that good-looking fellow and thought of the dear girl waiting for him. I \- Hold on a minute,' said I, * there's a turn in the road yonder, and when the orderlies get out of sight if you are willing to take a risk, suppose yon take it.' " He shook my hand silently, and the tears and smiles came together. As the orderlies turned the bend the young man turned his horse and started back down the road on a dead run. I gave him a good start and j then I banged away at him with my revolver and went after him, hut I took thej wrong road at the forks, and my orderlies 1 came after me as fast as they could. 11 guess we must have chased back along | that road for two miles or more, hut we didn't find that confounded rascal any where, and the orderlies never suspected I that I had anything to do with letting him get away. At least, they never mentioned it in my hearing," and the general smiled. " What became of him at last 2" asked the j drummer. " About four months after that I was holding a town in Tennessee," continued! the general, " and in that town was the rankest old fire-eater I ever saw. He was a courtly old chap, but bitterer than gall, and utterly beyond reconstruction. He j wouldn't speak to a bluecoat, and there were times when it was almost necessary [ to put him under guard for hiB own safety. He was tco old to be oangeroHS, but occa- j sionally he talked, so we had to threaten him. One day I was almost startled out of my wits by his coming into my head quarters. He was white with suppressed j feeling, hut he managed to tell me that there was a lady at his house, a very near and dear relative, his only daughter, in fact, who wanted to see me that evening j at 7 o'clock. He had been very loath to I come to a Yankee, he said, but she insisted, so that he was compelled to do it, and then 1 he bowed and went out like an old king | with his crown gone. There was ne ex planation and I told the provost marshal I about it and said I was going np myself to j see what it meant. He was sure there was 1 a trap laid for me and did not want me I to go at all, hut I . told him southern hos-1 pitality did not betray people and I would go. I went, and as I passed through the gate and grounds to the .fine old mansion, I saw the shadowy form of my bluecoats I all about as silent as ghosts. It was plain the provost marshal was ready to settle matters if anything happened to me. How ever, I never let on, but went in and the I old man met me at the door, grimly directed me into the large, old-fashioned parlor and stamped oS down the great hail. I went in and a very beautiful young woman of 22,1 should say, met me half-way across j lhe'Toom. " You are Gen. 2" she said question ingly. "I bowed. "' And may I inquire why I have been I asked here2' I said, without taking the] chair which she gracefully passed me. Yon 1 see I was half uneasy and didn't know ] what might happen. "She smiled. I understand,' she said, and stood before | me. "Then she told me of the young officer] I had permitted to escape. ! "«But what has that to do with this I ! visit 2' I asked, for somehow I didn't catch ] on. "'I am his wife,' she replied, blushing, « ana he told me if ever it were possible to | see yon I must do so and tell you for both of ns how grateful we are for your kind ness.' " Then I began to grasp the situation, ana 1 almost fell into the chair she had offered me, and as she talked to me I never was [ so glad of anything in my life as that I was ] a Mason and he was, unless it was that I had had the opportunity of doing a favor for so charming a woman. " For half an hour she talked to me and then she called in her father, mnch against his will, but as she told him the who'e j story and her pretty eyes sparkled and her cheeks reddened, his fine old face grew I softer and softer until at last the tears I : came, and as she finished he rcce, and com-1 ; ing over to me took both my hands in his, I and after shaking them silently he said r I ' Bless me, sir, there isn't a southern gentle- ] man in all this sunny land who shouldn't ] be proud to be such a Yankee as yon are/ " I thanked him cordially for that, and | later on we had something to drink, and I thereafter the old gentleman. wasn't the [ same kind of a man any mare. "A week ago," concluded the general, " 11 visited that couple, living now beautifully in Atalanta, with four bright and happy i children about them, all grown, and one of the finest young men you ever saw anywhere hearing my name. " Is Mies lripp a girl of means ?" Phtpps —" Yes, bnt what I am trying to discover is whether it is yes or no she means." "Ho yon ever have spring chickens at your boarding-house 2" " Yes, bnt they seem to be a kind of woven-wiie springs." She—" A poor painter 1 Why, he says that be is wedded to his art 2" Be—" Per haps that is the reason, then, that he darea treat her so badly." The man who sat out on the wood pile and told funny stories, expecting the wood would split, evidently did not strike a " responsive chord." Extract from Love Letter.—" Should you fail to reciprocate my affection, then please to return this letter, in order that I may use it on another occasion." " It seems to me," said the Congressman, " that a law is like a colt. Somebody has to break it before yon can find ont whether it is of any good or not." Miss Bungles—"I see that Patti is to make anoiber farewell tour. I wonder what ehewill sing?" Miss Angles—"Offenbach, I presume."' Poppei—"That boy of mine is a regular phenomenon." Baicbeller (weari'y)—" In what waj ?" PoppeT—" S;x years old and never said a bright thing in his life." . g£ '-I've lorpbt yen a pet nonkey to zmr.se yon, darling." fie—"Oh, how kind of jcu it Now I shan't miss yen when you re away." 