ALL ALONG THE RIVER. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.? By MISS M. E. BRADDON. CHAPTER I.—" The Raih Sf.t Early in To-niont." It had been raining all the morning, and it was raining still, in that foeblc and desultory manner which presages a change of some kind, when tlie postman came with the loug- expected Indian letter. lie was later than usual. It was nearly 2 o'clock, aud Isola had been watching for hitn since 1, watching with au unread book in her lar», and her untamed luncheon upon tho table. She had been sitting by the open window, looking out at the wet landscape, the glistening hedgerow and dull grey river, with the great- green hill beyond, a steep slope of meadow land, dotted with red cattle, and so divided by hedgerows as to look like a Titanic chessboard. At last she heard the familiar tread of tho postman's heavy boots, and saw his shining | oilskin hat moving above the edge of the i hollies, and heard 'he click of tho iron latch I as he came into the little garden. I She called to him from tho window, and ! lie came tramping across the sodden grass ; and put her letters into her outstretched hand. One from her married sister in Cadogan- ' place; Lhat would keep. One from an old < schoolfellow; thai would keep. And one — ; the long-looKed-u»r Indian letter, which she | tore open eagerly, and read hurriedly, de- j vouring the close lines in tho nc-at, black 1 ponmanship, with its decided up-and-down 1 strokes and legible characters, so firm, so I strong, so straightforward, liko the nature | of tlie man wiio wrote the letter. : The tears sprang to her eyes as she came j to the end, and iter hand crushed the thin i paper in a paroxysm of vexation or despair. " Six months — perhaps a year before ho | can come back, and I am to go on living hero —alone, unless I like to send lor a girl whoso face I never saw, to keep tne company, and .cheer mo with her good spirits. 1 want ! no strange girls. I want no one's good ' spiriti. I hate people, with good spirits. I j want him, ami nobody but him i it is hard 4 that we should be parted like this. I ought i to have gone with him in spite of all thcdoc- tors iu Christendom." >Sho relented towards tho letter which her j feverish bund had used so badly. She ; smoothed out tho flimsy paper carefully with that pretty little hand, and then she re-read j tho husband's letter, so full of grave tender- i ncss and fond, consoling words. 1 H« was witii his regiment in Burmah, and I tlie present aspect of things gave him no ; hope oi being able to return to Englaud for the next half-year, and thorc was no cer- ; Lainty that the half-year might not be i stretched into a whole year. Tlie separation | could uot be more irksome to his dearest ; Inula than it was to him, her husband of j little more than a year : but uot for worlds j would he have exposed her to tlie risks ol j that climate. He took comfort in thinking j or her iu the snug little Cornish nest, with j his good Talntha. t ifioki kissed the letter before she put it in j her pocket, aud then uhe looked round the room rather dolefully, as if the Cornish nest were not altogether paradise. And yet it wai a pretty little room enough, half dining- room, half study, with well-bound books on carved oak shelves, und photographs and bright draperies, and cosily-cushioned bam- buu chairs, and a bird cage and Persian eat, ami the garden outside was not tlowerless, even on the tureshold of winter. The purple j hlofSomsi of the veronica were untouched by j frost; there were pale tea roses gleaming yonder ugainst tlie dark gioss of holly and laurel. Thero wero star-shaped single dal.iias >f vividest red, like spots of flan. ; and close under the window, last splendor .f departed summer, the waxen clmlico o! i lilium auratum trembled on its tall and filled tiio room with perfume. The rain was over — tho monotonous drip, drip, which had irritated Isoia's nerves all th.it morning had cca-ed at last. &hc; left the modest little lunch untouched upou the table, and went out into tho hall, where her lint and jacket hung, handy for any im promptu ramble. No need to look at oneself iu the glass beforo going out of doois, at 20 years, of ac, and in smdi a place as Trchu'co. Isoia took iicr stick from the stand, a green orange stick, bought in the sunny .South, on her way to Venice with her husband last year, a leisurely trip, which had been to them as a second honeymoon after a few nappy mouths of wedlock. Thou had come tho sadness of parting, and a swift and lone! return journey for the young wife— a lone' . return to the Angler's Nest, Trelasco, thai eov cottage between Lostwithicl ami Fowoy. which Major Disney h.ul bought and fur nished before his marriage, lie v.v.s a son of tho soil, and he had chorion to pitch his tent in that rem- Me spot for tlie sake of old asso ciations, ami from a fixed belief that there was no locality of equal merit for health, beauty, and all other virtues, which a man should seek in his home. Isoia rarely touched that stick without remcmhriiig tho d:ty it was bought— i rainy day in Mii-ui--ju6t such a day as this, a low, grey sky, aud an opju -aisivc mildness of at- mosphcic. Sue remembered with thn sick pain that goes with loug partings how she and iter husband had dawdled away an after noon in the Victor Emanuel Gallery, buying Imiulkeivhiefs .and neckt ies, a book or two, a collection of photographs, and finally the orange stick. Shu went out to walk down her depression before tea- time, if possible. She wont along a narrow path to Uu; river, then turned into a road thai skirted those ereeti pastures which rixo sheer till the raugoil edge of the topmost boundary seemed to touch ihn dim, grey sky. .She passed the village inn, deadly quiet at this season ami at this hour. Fhe passed the half-dozen decent cottages, and the three or four eentocler houses, each in its neatly-kept garden, tmd she walked with quick, light step along the wet road, her useful tailor gown well clear of the mud, her stick striking tlie iieilgc-rcw now and then, as she swung 'il to ami from dreamy thought. A long, lonely winter to look forward fo — a winter liko tho last — with her books and drawing-board, and her cottage piano, and the cat and the fox terrier., ami Tai;it!r« for her daily companions. There wore a few neighbors within a radius of half a dozen miles who had been very civil to her, who called upon bur, day, once in six weeks ; who sometimes invited h»u to a stately dinner parly, and sometimes at a suspiciously short notice, ahich made her feel she was wanted to till a gap; who made her free of their tennis iawns ; r.iul who talked to her on Sun days alter ohureh, and were always very particular in inquiring for any news from India. There wa.j not one among them for whom she cared ; not one lo whom she would have liked m pour out her thoughts about Keats or Shellcv, or to whom she would have confided her opinion of Byron. She liked Bulwer's Audloy Egerton better than any of those llosh and blood neighbors. She was happier sitting by tier chimney corner with a novel Mian in the best society avail able within a drive of Tnflasco. She struck oil the high road into a lane, o lane that led to the base of a wilder hill than that wheo the red eattio were grazing. Tlie ei cat of the hill was common land, ami dark fir trees made a v.aving lino against the autumn sky, and Tne view from the summit was wide and varied, with a glimpse of the great blown cliffs ami the dark irrcy sea far off' to the west, to that dim distance where the Dodman shut off t iio watery way to the new world. On tlie lamlwiud slope of that wild-lnoUing ridge was the Mount, Lord i Losrwitluers place, uninhabited for the greater part of the year except by servants, his lordship being the very last kind of man to bury himself alive in a remote Cornish fastness, a long day's journey from the Loudon theatres, and tho Thames Yacht Club. Who was Lord Lostwithiel? Well, in -' he estimation of Trelasco lie was the or.iv nuhleinau in England, or say that he was to all other peers as tho sun to tho other planets. lie belonged to Trelasco by reason of his large landed estate, and the accident of his birth, which had taken place at tho Mount, ami although his character and way of life were not altogether satisfactory to tho village mind, Trelasco made tlie boat of him. laola Disney climbed tho bill, nn easy matter to lighL-foolcd 20. Blie stood amidst ' the tall fir columns, and looknl down at tho I November landscape, very dist inctly defined in the soft, grey atmoaphore. She could see tho plough moving slowly across tlie red earth in tho fields below, the clumsy farm horses, white against the deep, rich red. She could see the winding river, bluish grey between its willowy banks, and far off' towards Fowcy wooded hills, where tho foliage showed orange and tawny and russet and dun color between tho blue-grey water and the pale, grey sky. She loved this wild, lonely hill, and felt her spirits rise in this lighter atmosphere as she stood resting against tho scaly trunk of tho fir, with the wind blowing her hair. It was a relief to escape from the silence of those empty rooms, where she had only the sleepy Persian oat or tho hyper-intelligent fox terrier for company. There was a longer and moro picturesque way home than that, bv which sue had come. She could descend the other side or the hill, skirt tlie gardens of the Mount by a path that led through tlie park, ami .which was free to foot passengers. It was one of her favorite walks, and she was so accustomed to seeing the shutters closed at the great house that she never expected to meet anyone moro alarming than a farm ser vant or a cottager's child upon tho footpath. There was a thick chestnut copse upon one side, and the wide expanse of undulating turf, with an occasional clump of choice timber, upon tho other. The house Btood on higher ground than the park, and was hemmed in and hidden by shrubberies that had overgrown the intention of the landscape gardener who planned them. Only the old grey stoue gables, with their heavy slabs of slate, and tho tall clustered chimneys, showed above the copper beeches and deo- daras, tho laurels, and junipers, and Irish yews, and the shining masses of arbutus with their crimson berries gleaming amongst the green, lsola had never seen tnat old Manor House nearer than she saw it to- day, from the path which was a public right-of-way through the park. She knew that tho greater part of the building dated from tho reign of Charles the Second, but that there were older bits, and that about the whole, and about these ancient rooms and passages most especially thero wero numerous legends aud traditions and historical associations, not without tlie suspicion of ghosts. The Mount was not a show place, like the home of the TrelVrys at Fowey, ana of late years it had been very seldom inhabited, oxeept by certain human forisils who had served tho house of Ilulbert for two generations. .She had often looked longingly at those quaint old gables, those clustered stoue chimney's likening the house amidst its overgrown shrubberies ta the Sleeping Beauty's Castle, and had wished that she wore on friendly terms with one of those drowsy old retainers. 44 1 dare say if I woro daring enough to open one of the door.-i and go in I should find them all asleep," she thought, 44 aud I might explore the house from cellar to garret with out awakening anybody." She was too depressed and disappointed to-day to givo more than a careless, unseeing glance at those many gables as she walked along tho muddy path beside the dripping copse. The chestnut boughs were nearly have, i but here and there a cluster of bright yellow leaves wero still hanging, shining like pale gold in the last watery gleams of the sun ; ami though the leaves were lying sodden und brown among the rank wet grass there were emerald mosses and cool green ferns, and veil and otange fungi to give colour to the fore ground, and to the little vista3 that opened here and there amidst the tangle of under wood. Those final yellow gleams were fading low down in the western sky as lsola tiirnedher face towards the river and the Angler's Nest, and just, above that pale radiance of a watery sunset there stretched a dense black cloud, like a monstrous iron bar, which she felt must menu mischief. She looked at that black line apprehensively. She was three miles from home, without waterproof cloak or umbrella, and with no available shelter within three-quarters of a mile. I Slio quickened her pace, watching the fading light and lowering cloud, expecting thunder, lightning, hail, she knew not what. A sudden deluge resolved all her doubts. Torrential ruin ! That was the moaning of the inky bar above the setting sun. She looked around her helplessly. Should alio dart into the copse and try to shelter herself amidst those leafless twigs, those slender withies and saplings? Butter to face the storm unci plod valiantly on. Her neat little elot-ii gown would not be much the worse for a (lucking, her neat little feet were accus tomed t-o rapid walk.ug. fchoutd sue run ? No; useless when thero wore three mile lo be got over. A brisk, steady tramp w.ould be better. But brave a? she was that fierce rain was far !rom pleasant. It cut into her eyes and blinded her. She hud to gropo her way along the path with her stick. 44 Pray lob me take you to the house/' said X voice close beside her, a man's voice — low and deep, and with tho accents of refine ment. Could one of Lord Lostwithiel's fossilised servants talk liko that? Impos'jible. She looked up. as well as she could under that blinding downpour, and saw a tall man standing beside the pathway with his back to tile copse. Like Rosalind, be was more than common tall, anil of slim, active figure. He was pale, and wore a short dark beard, and the eyes which looked at lsola out of tho pale thin face were very dark. That was about as much as she could see ut tlie stranger i:i the November dusk. 4 Fray, let me persuade you to come to the house/' ho said, urgently. 44 You are i being drenched, it is absolutely dreadful to : si e anybody out in such rain, and there is no I oi her shelter within reach. Let me take you j there. My housekeeper will dry your hut I and jacket for you. .1 ouadit to introduce ! myself, perhaps. X am Lord Lnstwithiel." j She had gucsse 1 ns much. Who else would speak with authority in that place? I £>ho dimly recalled a photograph, pale and j faded, of a tall man in a yeomanry uniform, j seen in somebody's album; ami the face of I the photograph had been tho same elongated 1 oval face— with loug thin nose, and dark eyes a shade too m.-ar together— which was ookiug down at her anxiously now. She felt it would do churlish to refuse shelter so earnestly oll'erud. 44 You are very kind, she faltered. 44 1 am sorry to be so troublesome. I ought not. to have conic so far in such doubtful weather." She went with him meekly, walking her fastest under the pelting rain, which was at her hack now as (Key made for the house. 44 Have you really come lar? " he asked. 44 From Trolaeeo. I live at tho Angler's Nest, a cottage by the river. You know it, perhaps?" 44 Yes. I know every houso at Trelasco. Then you arc staying with Mrs. Disuoy, 1 presume?" 44 1 am Mrs. Disney." 44 You?" with intense surprise. 44 1 beg vnur pardon. You are to young. I imagined Mrs. Disney an older person. " He glanced at tlie girlish figure, the pale, delicate face, and tc Id himself that, his new acquaintance could scarcely be moro than 19 or 20. lie had met Major Disney, a man who looked about 40— a lucky fellow to have caught sueii a pretty bird as this. They had reached the shuhbery by this time, and were hurrying along a winding walk where tlie rain reached them with less violence. The narrow walk brought them into a broad gravel path in front, of the house. Lostwithiel opened a half-glass door, and led Mrs. Dis»n<?y into tiio library, a low, long room, full of curious nooks muf corners, formed by two deep chininey-picccs, ami the projecting wings- of tho heavy oak bookcases. lsola had never seen any room so filled with books, nor had she ever saun a room with two such chiinucy-pieccs of statuary marble, yellowed with age, elaborately enrvnd with cherubic head and Cupids, and torches and festal wreaths, bows ami arrows, Ijrea and urns. A wood lire was burning upon one hearth, I and it was hither Lostwithio! brought his guest, wheeling a largo armchair iu front of the blaze. 44 If you will take off your hat and jacket, and ait down there, I'll get my housekeeper to attend to you," he said, with his hand upon the boll. ,k You are more than kind. I must hurry homo directly tho vain abates a little, I havo u good old servant who is sure lo be anxious about me," said Irola, devouring the room with greedy eyes, anxious to lake iu every detail oi tins enchanted easUo. She might never enter it> again, perhaps. Lord Lostwithicl was so seldom there. His absenteeism) wrs the lament of the neighbor hood. The things lie ought to have done and did not do would have filled a book. He had : been wild in his youth, lie had onco owned a theatre. He had done, or >vas supposed to have done, thiuga which were spoken of with bated breath ; hut of late years he had de veloped new ambitions, and had done with theatrical speculations. He had become literary, scientific, political. He was one of bite lights of tlie intellectual world, or that small section of the intellectual which is , affiliated to the smart world. He knew all the clever people in Loudon, and a good many of tho intellectualities of Paris, Berlin, ami Vienna. Ho had never married ; but it wab supposed that ho would eventually marry, before he was 40, and that he would mail c a great match. Ho was uot rich, but he way Lord Lo-twithiel. Ho was by no means handsome, but. ho was said to bo ono of tho most lancinating men in Loudon. lsola pulled off her jacket slowly, looking about her all tho time ; and Lostwithiel forbore fiom offering her any assistance lest ho should increase her evident shyness. A man in plain clothes, and who looked more liko a valet, than a butler, unswercd tlie boll. 44 Bend Mrs. Maync, and bring tea," ordered his Lordship. What a slender, girlish form it was which the removal of tho tweed jacket re vealed. The slim waist and somewhat narrow shoulders betokened a delicacy of constitution. The throat was beautiful, milk white, the throat of Diana, and the head, now the hat was off', would also have done for Diana ; a small classic head, with soft, brown hair drawn smoothly away from the low, white brow, and rolled into a knot at tho buck. The features wero as delicate as tlto complexion, in which thero waa no brilliancy of coloring, only pale, ivory tints. The eyes wero dark grey, with long brown lashes, and their present expression was be tween anxiety und wondering interest. Lost withiel was nob such a coxcomb as to appro priate that look of interest. Ho saw that it was liis house, and not himself, which in spired tho feeling. 41 You like old houses, I can see, Mrs. Disney," ho said, smiling at her. 4k Dearly. They are liko poems in brick aud stone, are thoy not? I daresay there are stories about this room." 44 Innumerable stories. I should have to ransack tho Record Office for some of them, and to draw upon a very bad memory to a perilous extent for others." 44 Is it haunted ?" 44 1 am not one of those privileged persons who soo ghosts; neither seventh son of a seventh son : nor of the mcdiumistic tempera ment ; but I Have heard of an apparition per vading the house on occasions, and being seen in this room, which is ono of the older rooms, apart of that building which was onco a grunge appertaining to a certain small monastery, put down by Ilcnry VIII., and recorded m the Black Book As one of tlie oldest rooms it is naturally uncanny ; but us I have never suffered any inconvenience in that lino, I make it my own pariieular den." 44 It is the moat picturesque room I cv«c saw. And what. a multitude of books I" ex claimed lsola. 44 Yes, I have a good many books. I am always buying ; but I find I never havo exactly the book I want. And as I have no librarian I am too apt to forget the Looks I have. If I could afford to spend more of my life at -the Mount I would engage some learned gentleman, w'.-.ic life had been a failure, to take cure of my books. Are you Cornish, like your husband, Mr.!. Disney V" 44 No. I was horn at Dinan." 44 What! in that mediioval Br-Ton city? You are not .Fronch, though, I think V' 44 My mother and father were both English, but inv sister ami I were burn and brought up in Brittany." Lostwithiel questioned no further. He had a shrewd idea that when En. dish people live for a good many years in a lheton town thev Lave reasons of their own, generally financial, for their choice of a softicment. He was a man who could not have spent six months of his life awny from London and Paris. The housekeeper made her appearance and offered her services. She rung the rain out of Isola's cloth skirt, and wiped the muddy hem. She took charge of tlie jacket and hat. and at LostwithicFs suggestion she re mained to pour out the tea. She was a very dignified person, in a black silk gown unu laoo cap, and she treated her muster as if he had been a demi- god. lsola could not bo atraid of taking tea in this matronly pr.!-a:i! ' c, yet she kept looking nervously towards Uu? window in front of her, where the rain beat with undiminished force, and where the darkening skv told of impending night. 44 1 see you arc getting anxious, Mrs. Disney," said Lostwithiel, who had nothing to do but watch her face, such an expressive face at all times, so picturesquely beautiful when touched by the flickering light of the low wood lire. 44 ff you have to wait for lino weather yon ma-v be here all night, and your good people at homo would bo frantic. I'll order a carriage, and you can be at homo iu three-quarters of an hour.'' 44 Oh, no, Lord Lostwithiel, I couldn't give you so much trouble. If your housekeeper will be so vory kind as to lend me a cloak and umbrella, I can get homo very well. And j I had bolter start at once." | 44 In the rain, alone, and in the darkness, i It vil; be dark before you are homo in any I case. No, Mrs. Disnev, if 1 were to permit such a thing I should expect Major Disney to i call iiic out directly he came homo, lie is in j India, I think." | "Yes. He is with his regiment iu Bur- mult." 4"Do you expect him home soon?" 44 Not very soon; not for six months, or perhaps longer. It was that which made me walk so fiir." Lostwithiel looked puzzled. 44 1 in- an that I was so disappointed by his letter— a letter I received to day — that I ' W'.mt out for a long wail; to walk down my > Uul .spirits if 1 could, and hardly knew how far I was going. It has made mo inflict trouble on you and Mrs, " 4' Maync, Both Mrs. Mayne and I are delighted to he of use to you. Order the station brougham, Dalton, immediately," to the man who answered uis hell. 44 Tho carriage can hardly he ready in less ihuii twenty minutes, so pray try to do justice to Airs. Mayne's tea." 44 It is delicious ten," said lsola, sipping it luxuriously, enjoying the fire-glow and tho dancing lights upon ihe richly- Lound hooks in all their variet ies of coloring, ;rom crimson and orange-lawny to cream vellum. She was evidently relieved in her mind by thu knowledge iliat she was lo be driven home presently. (To be continued.) 