WHO INVENTED KISSING? ? Sib,— Ik may interest some of the readers of the Daily News to be told that the word ..' kiss ' is ADglo-Saxon,and may, indeed, be taken as an instance of how pleasant Anglo Saxon can be. The philologist assures us that it is allied to the Gothic 'kitstus/ a proof or test ; and to the Latin ' gustus, a taste, which suggests the old saying, that 'the proof of the pudding is in the preein' o'tl' The same Gothic 'ku8tus' corae3 from the verb 'kiusan,' tov choose' from which \ one would imagine that among the. Goths kissing went by ; favor. Ac cording to ' Professor Skeat, writing with all' the' austerity and scholarship of an expert, a kiss is ' a gust, a .taste, a .some* thing choice.' Rowena, ^the beautiful daughter of ife Saxon Hengist, is credited with having introduced kissiog into the British islands'- but it seems as if that had the natives been so utterly unenlight ened,' the Romans could scarcely have failed to anticipate her. The Romans had really a delightful word for a kiss— 'osculum,' which comes from 'os,' the mouth, and meant a little mouth, a sweet mouth. ' Give me a sweet little mouth '* would be the phrase U3ed when a good little Roman boy asked his mother f.r a kiss. Our English word occurs pretty nearly in its present form in Anglo-Saxon, Dutch, Icelandic, Danish, Swedish and Ger man. This is worthy of note because, natural as kissing may seem to be, it is a practice .unknown to the Australians, to the Ma ris of New Zealand, the Papuans of New Guinea; the people of Tahiti, the negroes of Central and fcouthern Africa, the Uoto cudoB of Brazil, the Laplanders, and . the Eskimo. Most of these benighted mortals have not got beyond the low stage of rub bing noses together. Kissing points to an ancient discredited . belir-f in a veritable nation of spirits — a belief common to the Aryan peoples that the breath of a man wai bis soul, his spirit. '? Spirit' is ' breath,' 'and ?' ghost'' is a ' gust' — which possibly accounts for the cold air that 're. said to accompany apparitions. If, then, i he breath was a divine thing— the soul and spirit of man — is it not easy to understand: how natura ly kissing came to be a veritable communion, a comingling of soul with soul?— Tours, Ac., BACHKLOS. 