PEOPLE "QUIZ" KNOWS. No. 140. This is one of the old identities of Adelaide, and if you can get him in the proper humor he will give some of the most interesting business and other reminiscences extending bach for' nearly thirty years. He is a regular storehouse of curious Rundle Street history, though his facts are not con fined to that particular thoroughfare of the city. Therein, however,, he has been a conspicuous though somewhat dumpy figure for more than a quarter of a century. It is not his aggressiveness that has made him so well known, but his long association with the "five-bob" side of the street. Men might come and men might go, but he seemed fixed to go on for ever. But that is altered now, for he has deserted his old haunts and betaken himself to another rendezvous, where he is not one whit the less pleased to see you. His expressions of pleasure will not be effusive, but they will be just as genuine. He has a slow and rather laconic way of addressing you, and be has a habit of propounding an opinion by asking a question. It is 10 to 1, too, that he will repeat part of his query as if mentally cogitating over it. As may be inferred from the fore going, he is not a youth, yet he is a quiet, jolly old boy, and stiil retains a liking for plain tweeds, always made in the same style, with what was once known as a " bobtail" coat. It is not likely that he will ever affect the venerable broadcloth of the " frock" pattern. His height is nob over the army limit, and he possesses an essentially English face.- He is thoroughly Eng lish—old-fashioned English —for he was born not a hundred miles from Bow Bells, and his lengthy Australian life has not denationalized him to any extent. Ho hirsute covering is allowed to accumulate in any part of his chubby cheeks or chin. His countenance is as clean as his record, and Quiz does not believe it would be possible for him to look pale even if he had a sudden sight of a fairly active ghost. He would probably ask the apparition how business was in the spirit world, and whether he could sell him a—well, fiddle will do as well as anything else. About 11 a.m. you may see him walking slowly along the street, with perhaps one hand stowed away in one pocket and a self-absorbed look that permits him to pass quietly without criticism. If he were eccentric in manner he might stand as a study for Pickwick. 