WISE AND OTHEKWisiii If women take to wealing crinolines, it wil be harder than ever to get round them. She-' Oh, George, what shall we do if the boat sinks ?' He (very pale)-' N ever mind about that, Sarah ; it's not our boat.' ' He's n very little man, isn't he 7 ' There is go.id reason ft>r if,.' ' How ?. ' EEis wife cuts him short every time he attempts to say anything.' In verse he used to tell I113 love, And wrote her many sonnets, But now, instead, he writes her cheques To pay for summer bonnets. Motto for the Ladies who become niambsrs of M rs Stannard's ' Anti-Crinoline League' -' All hoops abandon ye who enter ! here-.' Why is the fly one of the talleit of insects? -Because ho stands over six feet without shoes or stockings. ' lr es,' 3aid Mrs. Partington, ' I'm mighty afraid of ghosts, but I keep them away from n;e by wearing an omelet round my r.ack.' Peddler-' Wouldn't you like some mot toes for your house, mum 1 It's very cheer ful to a husband to see a nice motto on the wall when he come3 home.' Mrs. De .Tagg-' You might sol] me one that says 1 Better lute than never.'' The late Dr. John von once met a swell in a passage when there was only room for one to pa«s at a time. They stopped and looked at one another for a few second?, and then the swell said, ' Do you think I will get out >f my way for a fool V ' I do not know, I am sure,' said the doctor ; ' but if you won't I will,' and accordingly stepped to one side and let the swell pass. Little girl-1 Mrs Brown, ma wants to know if she could borrow a dozen e:?g3. She wants ter put 'cm under a hen.' Neighbor -' So you ve got a hen sitting, have you ? I didn't know you kept hens.' Little Girl ' No, ma'am, we don't; but Mrs. Smiths' goin 'ter lund U3 a hen that wants ter set.and ma thought, if you'd lend us some eggs, we'd find a nest ourselfs.' Many stories of Fanny Kemble's genius and her eccentricity are still told in Phil adelphia. Once her Philadelphia house keeper came for orders, but the spirit moved the great artist; she was writing, and the housekeeper's question was unheeded. Finally the woman in despair exclaimed, ' But, Mrs. Butler-the ducks V ' Worn in,' answered the lady in a voice thet froze her blond, ' what, have I to do with ducks V ' What a methodical fellow youaro, Bro wn.' said Filkins, who had stepped into Brown's office during the latter's absence.-' Why, what do you mean,' asked Brown who had just entered.. ' Mean ?' echoed Filkins ; ' to think you should lock all your drawers up when you are only going out for five minutes? 'Tisn't-likely that anybody would meddle with your papers.'-'Of course not,' replied Brown ; ' but how did you find out the drawers were locked ?' Once upon a time, as the story runs, a man owned n parrot which, try as he would, he coull never teach to s:y anything except 'There is no doubt about it.' The gentle man took the parrot to the fair one day to see if he could sell it. ' Who'll buy my parrot ? Only ten dolkrs.' A gentleman passing, stopped 9iid looked at the bird, and then asked, ' Pol;, are vou worth it V-' 'I here was no doubt about it,-1 answered Poll. He was very rpuch pleased with the bird and bought it, and ono day after he found out his mis take, he was standing near the cngs, aud he said aloud to himself, ' What a fool I was to give ten dollars'for that bird.'-' There is no doubt about it,' slug out the*bird. And this time she was right. AM EPIGRAM. To test man's weight according to our views, The balance at the banker's you should use. They Love Wit of any Grade.- 'No difference how stupid a joke is, there is one class of women who will always laugh heartily at them'-' what class is that?-'Those with beautiful teeth.' - A malicious old bachelor says that there is a mns'cal society in the next villa to his resi dence which is thirty years old, and that ' several.young ladies have belonged to it ever since its commencement.' ' I have been married now,' boasted a prosy old fellow,rr.ore than thirty years, irnl have never given my wife a cross w ord.'-' That's because you never dared, uncle,' said a little nephew who lived with them. 'Brethren,'said the pastor, impressively, ' as next Sunday will be the last time I shall preach to this congregation, T trust there will be a large attendance.' And to his painful surprise he had the largest audience the following Sunday that he had ever seen in the church. Courtly Gentleman : ' May I ask if you were present at the Creation?'-Elderly Maiden (blushing with quick indignation) : 'Sir, I do not understand what you mean." Courtly Gentleman : ' Nothing, ma'am, nothing ; I simply wished to inquire if you attended the oratorio by the Choral Society on Wednesday.' Somo men never can be serious.-Dunn Brojcn-' I should like to feel whon I die I leave the world better than I found it. Jack son-' My dear fellow, I am quite sure the world will be better when you are gone.' Not in his line cxactlj-.-A man with an Armful of hand-bills went into Mr. Schoppen heim's restaurant and asked permission to tack a hundred or so to the wall. 'Vot vos dose?' nsked Schoppenheim. ' Circulars ad vertising a railroad excursion." 'You goes avaj' iff mit a week or den days Mid you goes sheapcr as to Hlay at home?' asked Schop penheim. 'That's it.' 'Unt you rants to hang dose cirgulars mein restaurant in' _ 'You've got it.' 'Got vot?' 'The idea.' 'Den mein gustomers vould read dose cirgu lars V ' That's the idea.' 'Unt go avay den days or two veeks?' ' Yes.' ' t'nt don't eat dinners here vile dey vos avay V ' Well, they could hardly do that, you know,' said the hand-bill man hesitatingly. 'Dot's vots I dinks meinself. Nein, I gue.'S I von'thave any of dose pills hung mein restaurant in. Good day, mein friendt.' The Curate. - ' What do you think, Mr. Cupon, our mutual friend Titeboy has agreed to give a tenth of his income to the church, lierrtaftrr!'-Mr. Coupon (a self-made man): 'What? Titeboy has? I'm as well off as ho is, and I ain't goin' to let no such feller get ahead of me in good works. Til give a twen tieth of mine !' A North-Country "Scotch lad had disloca ted his leg, and was taken by his mother to a ' bone-setter,' in whom she had great faith. The leg was duly examined, and it was found necessary to haul it very ceverely, in order, as the bone-setter said, ' to get the bono in,' The lad was liberal with his screams while this was going 011, but oventually the bone was 'got ii,' i*nd the patient was told that lie would be all rigl t in a few days. ' Didn't Davie do the thing well Y said the joyous mother.- ' Aye, he did, mither,' answered the lad; 'but I wisTin sic a fule as tae gi'o him ma sair leg.' How he came by his name.-There is a man in Manchester whohasa most uncommon name This is how he camo by it. His mother was on the lookout for something original, and one day, before his christening, she noticed upon the door of a building the word 'Nosmo.' This struck her fancy. Now for a middle n inie. Later, coming past the samo building, she saw the name 'King.' Ah, this -was what she was after. ' Nosmo King Jones he shall be,' she said, and he was christened so. On the way home from the church she passed the building again. The doors were shut, and behold ! the doors with the names on them which she had selected were shut to gether, and she read-not 'Nosmo King,' but 'No Smoking,'andherheart wasbroken. HE HESITATED AND WON. The young man hesitated. The clock struck 10. ' My dear Miss Hattie,' he said, ' I am going-': H* hesitated again. ! ' Oh, don't be in a hurry, Mr. Felix ; it is . earlv yet.' i He hesitated agaiu. ' T nm going ' ; So early ?' and there was regret in her voice. He hesitated once more. I ' I am going ' 'Don'tV she pleaded. He hesitated more than ever. Then he braced himself. 'I am going to ask you to marry me, ex claimed. ' Do,' sh.-. wli apoved yearningly. And ha did witli ph» lvmenal success. 