THE STORY-TELLER, THE TRAINER'S GHOST. [Bv It Galbbaith.] AuUior of " The Case of lad; lakes tail," and other Ghost Stories. The " Oat and Compass" was shut in for tbe j night. The front of the honse was dark and silent, for it was long past closing time, hut from one of the rear ground-floor windows a thin shaft of yellow light gleamed through the falling rain, and indicated that behind the , shutters of the snug bar parlour, in a cheerful j atmosphere of tobaooo smoke ana the odorous steam of hot "Sootoh," Mr. Samuel Vioary, licensed victualler, and two other oongemal spirits, were "making a night of it." "Its too late for Downey now, the land lord remarked, with a glance at the dock, as be leaned forward to knock out his pipe on the boh. "Twenty past 1% and raining like blazes. Curse the weather. If it holds on like this, ' The Ghoul' will have bis work out out to get round the old course on Thursday with 8 stone 9." "Nob with that lot behind him, rejoined a seedy individual who sat on the farther side of the table. "I've watohed them pretty care fully. The race lies between us and the favourite; and, with Downey up, she's safe enough. It's real jam this time—eh, Mr. Davis ?" The gentleman indioatod drained his glass with an unctuous smile. His exterior sug gested the prosperous undertaker. As a matter of fact he was a bookmaker in a big way of business, and suspected, moreover, of having considerable interest in a stable noto rious for the in-and-out running of its horses. "That's about the size of it," he answered, drawing in his thick lips with a gentle, sucking eonnd, expressive of inward satisfaction. " Prime whisky this, Vioary. I'll take another tot. Yes, it iB a big thing, and, after thiB, Davis, Smiles, and Co. must lie quiet for ! a bit. There'll be plenty of fools to ory over burnt fingers by Monday; and what with Stewards meddling where they've no cause to interfere, and the Press writing up a lot of rob about'rings' and Buch like, and the Jookey Club holding enquiries, a man must mind biB P's and Q's in these days. Raoing is going to the dogs, and soon there'll be no making a deoent living on the turf. How it does rain to be sure. I shouldn't care to find myself abroad ] to-night." "Here's some poor devil as has got to face it," said the tout, as the sound of horse hoofs echoed down the quiet road. " Ain't he coming a lick, too! He's not afraid of bustling his cattle," "Small blame to him either in weather like this," grunted the landlord, removing his pipe to listen. "Why, that's Downey's hack. I'd awear to her gallop among a thousand. To think, now, of nis turning up at this time of night." The clatter of hoofs ceased, and the men sprang to their feet. In the silenoe that fol lowed they heard the muffled slam of a closing gate, and the clink of shoes on the stones of the yard outside. Vicary Bnatohed up the lamp and hurried to the door, while the visitors looked at each other. "'Tis Downey sure enough," said the book maker, spitting energetically into the fire. "Now, what brings him here so late? He hasn't pelted orer from Hawkhurst in the teeth of this Btorm for the pleasure of our -company, 111 go bail." The new comer bad swung himBolf off his horse before the landlord could unfasten the door. "Yes, it's me—-Downey," was his answer to that worthy's oautious challenge. "Dook sharp with that chain and let me get under cover. I'm stiff with the cold, I oan tell you, and the mare is about beat." The chain fell with a clank, and Vicary J flung back the door. "Come in, oome in," he cried, holding the lamp above hie head to get a better view of his visitor. " Lord ! how it do rain ! Get out of that | coat and put a tot of whisky inside you, while I see to the mare. Tis all right," he added, as the other jerked his head interrogatively in -the direction of the bar-parlour, " there's only me and Slimmy and Davis. Go right in ana help yourself." Thus assured,-the fresh arrival went forward, ithe water dripping from hiB soaked hat and covert coat, and trickling in little black streams over the well-stoned passage.; while Vioary, -flinging a rug across his shoulders, led the J tired horse round-to the stables. When he returned to the parlour Downey -was drying himself before the fire, a smoking -tumbler in his -hand, and a good cigar be tween his lips. "Well?" enquired the landlord, setting -down tbe lamp with a keen glance at the dis turbed countenances of the three men. " I -take it, youdid-not come through this rain for nothing. Is aught tbe matter?" "Matter enough," ejaoulated Slimmy. " Here's Coulson got a rod in piokle that is -going to upset our pot." Vioary laughed. "Go on with you," he said derisively. they've nothrng at Malton as can oollar the -Ghoul." " Don't you be so precious sharp," the tout retorted. "Wait till you hear what Downey's got to say." Tbe jockey ehifted his cigar to the other side of his mouth. "It is this way," he began. " One of Coulson'e lads was at our place this afternoon, and he let on to me in confidenoe that they have a oolt over there they think a real good thing for the Ebor. It is entered in Berkeley's name—the Captain, bimas sold tbe Malton-place to Ooulson.'' " Hie Captain's been stone broke this three j year," put in Vicary. " How did he oome by the oolt?" "Picked him up in the dales, from what I gather <he'd always a rare eye for a horse had the Captain), and fancied him bo that be got Aiiok to take half- share, and lend the purchase money into the bargain, I reckon. The Coulsons always thought a lot of the old family. It wouldn't be tbe first time one of them had helped a Berkeley out of a tight place." "That's true," assented the landlord. " Markbam told me old Aliok held enough of the squire's paper to cover a room. There | wasn't anything he'd have stuck at to keep him on'his legs. I remember him saying onoe in that very bar there, 'I'd oome from hell,' he says,, to stand by one of the old stock/ Fifteen years ago tbiB very day it was, just before tbe Ebor, and the last . time I ever saw the old chap alive, for Blue Ruin kioked the life oat of him in his box at Malton on the morning of theraoe. Nothing would serve the squire but the home must be shot the same night. Lord, what a shindy there was. - And if it weren't like one of old Berkeley's fool's trickB to ' blue' twelve bun dred pounds that way, and him not knowing where to turn for the ready. But about this oolt. If he's suoh.a clipper how iB it nobody 1 beard of him before tbiB I" " Ooulson has kept him dark. He's been trained at Beverley, and they only brought him to Malton three weeks back. The lad tells roe he has been doing eome very good work, and he is to be tried in the morning with Cream Cheese—that is schoolmaster to the Leger crack. Now look here, if the colt can beat Cream Cheese at a stone he's a moral for the I Ebor. On a heavy course hell walk right away from the Ghoul, and put us in the cart." The landlord whistled. " You are sure the lad's square!" " I'd peel the flesh off his bones if I thought he was putting the double on me; but he daren't try it. Conlson" as good as swore the boys over to hold their tongues, but Tom says the stable is that sweet on his chance they'll put their shirts on the oolt at starting price'" "Who's to ride him?" " Aliok's head lad. The brute has a temper, and won't stand much fooling about; but Jevonsandhe understand eaoh other, and his orders are to get him off well, and sit still." "I suppose now," suggested the bookmaker, "thiB Jevons ain't a reasonable sorb of chap." Downey grinned. "As well try to square Conlson himself. He is one of your Sunday school and TenCommandments sorb, is Jevons. Besides, his father was the old squire's seoond horseman, and the lad was brought up in the stables. He swears by the Berkeleys, and would never lend a hand to put a spoke in the captain's wheel." " Do you know what time the trial is to come off?" "About 6. I reckoned on Slimmy's being within call, for there is precious little time to lose. It is light by 4." "I'm game," said the tout," if Mr. Vicary will lend me something to_ take me over." The landlord consulted his watch. " Half past 1," be said. "Let's see; its close on fifteen mile to Coulson's. Ill drop you at the Pig-and-Wbistle. You can get over the fields from Gunny's oorner in twenty minutes." "You know your way?" queried Davis uneasily. "Every yard of it, guv'nor. Coulson and me is old friends so long as we don't happen to meet. There is a nice bit of oover at the end of the ground whern I can lie snug. Will you wait for me, Mr..Yn: iry ?'' " Aye, I'll be on the road by Gnnny'e at 7\. What for you, Downey; can we give you a shakedown here?" " No thank you; I'm off," answered the jockey, laughing; "you're altogether too warm in this oorner for a nice young man like me. I'm putting up at the Great Northern, and ehall see you and Davis for the first time on the course, and not more than I can help of you then." The rain had cleared off, and the first pale rifts in the eastern sky were broadening into grey dawn before Mr. Slimmy, from the con venient elevation of a friendly elder-bush, caught eight of a line of dark speoks moving across the wold, and gradually resolving them selves into a string of horses. " Here they come," he murmured, pocket ing the fiat bottle from which he had been re freshing his inner man, and working himself oautiouBly forward on the stout bough, while he parted the leaves with his left hand to command a better view. " And here's young Alick and the Captain. I thought as much, he added, triumphantly, for the trainer and Berkeely bad oantered up and reined in their haoks within ten paces of his hiding-place. In a very few minutes the horses were stripped and got into line. " They will start themselves," said Coulson, " and take it easy for the first half-mile. Then you'll see, Captain, that there iB very little fear but what the oolt will give a good account of himself to-morrow. There they go, and a good start too." The horses jumped off together, a big chest nut, which even in the half-light Slimmy had | recognised as Cream Cheese^ coming to the froDt, with a clear lead. The soft drum of the hoofs on the moist ground died away, and the two men etood up in their stirrups, follow ing with keen eye the dim outline of the horses as they rounded the ourve and swept into the straight, the chestnut still showing the way, with his stable oompanion and a powerful looking bay in olose attendance. "There he | goes!" was the tout's mental ejaculation, for, at the bend for home, a dark.horse orept up on the ineide, and, taking up the running at half distanoe, came on and finished easily with | a couple of lengths to spare. Coulson turned to his oompanion with a smile. " He'll do, Captain. The money is as good ] as banked. Yon can put on his clothes, Jevons, and take bim home. He's a dipper, and no mistake. He came up the straight like a " "Rocket," suggested Berkeley. "How's that for a name? By Gunpowder out of Falling Star—not bad, I think." "Couldn't be better," was the hearty answer." " A few more of his sort, and we'll Boon have you baok at the Hall, Master Charles. I shall live to lead in a Derby winner for you yet. Lord ! I think it would almost bring the old man out of his grave to know the Berkeleys bad their own again." The words were hardly past his lips when a crack, like the report of a pistol, olose behind them, made both men jump as if they had been shot. | Mr. Slimmy, who, having heard and seen all he wanted, tvas in the act of beating amasterly retreat, had unfortunately set his foot on a rotten branoh, whioh instantly snapped be neath his weight. Taken by surprise, the tout lost his foothold and his balanoe at the same | time, made an ineffectual grab at the swinging boughs, pitched forward, and, despite his wild endeavours to recover himself, descended pre cipitately in a shower of leaves and dry twigs on the wrong Bide of the hedge. " Where the deuce did the fellow come from ?" ejaculated Berkeley, as he gazed blankly at the heap -on the ground. Coulson's only answer was to swing himself off hiB horse and fling the bridle to his oompanion. The quick-witted trainer had reokoned up the situation in a moment, and before the luckless Slimmy could gather himself together Coulson's hand was on his collar, and Coulson's "crop" was craokiug and ourling about his person, pioking out the tenderest parts with a scientific precision that made him writhe and twist in frantio efforts to free him self from that iron grip. But the trainer stood six feet in his socks, and was well built. He held bis victim like a rat, while his strong right arm brought the lash whistling down again and again with a force that cut through the tout's seedy olothing like a knife. "For Cod's sake, Coulson" cried Captain Berkeley, "hold hard, or you will kill the man." "And a good thing, too," said the trainer, relinquishing his hold on Slimmy with a sud denness that sent him sprawling into the muddy ditch. " I know him, and I'll have no touting on my plaoe. If he shows his face here again, he'll find himself in the horsepond. Stop that row," he went on, turning to where Slimmy lay in the ditoh, crying and cursing alternately, " and get off my ground before I cbunk you over the fenoe." White with rage and pain, the tout pioked himself up and scrambled through the gap in the hedge as fast as his aching limbs could carry bim. But when he had but a safe distance between himself and Coulson, he turned and shook hia fist at the trainer's retreating figure. "Curse you," he eaid, with a horrible imprecation. " 111 pay you out for this. I'll be even with you if I swing for it, s'help me if I ain't." Owner and trainer rode home in silenoe. Coulson was a good deal upset by the dis covery that his horse was being watched. He bad recognised Slimmy, and Slimmy was known to be in the employ of a party popularly sup posed to stiok at nothing, and quite capable of trying to get at a horse that threatened to up set theirg&me.; Then, again, the arrangements and time of the trial had been kept eo quiet that it seemed impossible the tout could get wind of it, except from some one directly oon neoted with the stables. Altogether Coulson felt uneasy, and, after some consideration, he mentioned bis eupioions to bis bead lad, in whom he had the most implicit confidence. JevonB thought thingE over for a bit. Then he suggested the colt's_ box should bo changed, and that he should sit up with him. "Put him in the end box next the saddle room, sir; it is so seldom used that an outsider would not think of trying it, and there isn't many of the lads as would like to rux about in there to-nigbt, leastwayB not one as has a bad conscience." Coulson knew what he meant. In the box next the saddle room his father, old Alick Coulson, had come by bis end, ktoked to death by the Ebor favourite on the very eve of the race. A training-stable is not exactly a hot bed of superstition, but, without doubt, a feeling did exist in connection with that particular box, and, as JevonB had said, it was very rarely used. "Shall you like to sit up there yourself?" the trainer asked bluntly. JevonB did not mind at all. He eaid he did not hold with ghosts and such like, ana he was sure a sportsman like the old master would know better than to come upset ting the colt and spoiling hiB Jevons' nerve just before the race. Still, as there was gas iu the saddle room and a fire, if Mr. Coulson had no objec tion, he might as well sit there, and look in every now and again to see his charge next door was getting on all right. The trainer readily agreed. He had a high opinion of the lad's coolness and common scnBe, but he also felt that to pass the night alone and without a light in a place which, however undeservedly, had the reputation of being haunted, and that, too, on tbe very anniversary of the tragedy from whioh tbe superstition took its rise, was a performance calculated to try tbe etrongest nerves, and he preferred that Jevons should not face the ordeal. Indeed, it struck him as he left the lad for the night that he would scarcely have cared to undertake tbe watch himself. It might be fancy, but there was a queer feel about the place. "Fifteen years ago to-night," thought Coul- | son, " since an Ebor crack stood in that box. It was a dark horse, too, and owned by the squire. It is a coincidence, anyway. No, I shouldn't care to take on Jevons's job." Nor was he alone in his conclusions. Several other people expressed a similar conviction, notably Jevons's subordinate, who bad heard of tbe arrangement in the morning. " I wouldn't be in Bill's shoes to-night—no. not for fifty down," he said, and slipped off unobserved to the nearest box to post a letter. Tbe communication he dispatohed was j addressed to "S. Downey, Esq., Great I Northern Hotel, York," and was marked " immediate." The lad was going over to the races in tbe afternoon, and felt tolerably cer tain of getting speech with the jookey; but he was a careful young man, and wisely left nothing to ohanoe. It wanted fifteen minutes to midnight. Out side, the night was as black as your hat—not a vestige of a moon, not a single star to break tbe uniform darkness of the sky. With sun set a noisy blustering wind had sprung up, rattling about the ohimneys, clashing the wot branches, and deadening the sound of cautions footfalls creeping across the paddock in the direction of the etables. Jevons was sitting over the saddle-room fire, with his pipe and tbe Sporting Life for oompany, and the re mains of bis supper beer on tbe table beside him. From time to time he took a lantern and went to look at his charge. The colt had been quiet enough all the earlier part of the evening, but for the last half-hour Jevons fancied he could hear him fidgetiug about on the other side of tbe wall. "What ails tbe brute?" he said to himself laying down bis pipe to listen. The wind dropped suddenly, making the eilence all the more intense by oontrast with the previous roar; and through the stillness Jevons heard the olink of a bucket, and the sound of some one moving about in tbe loose box. He sprang to his feet and snatched up the lantern. Hie sole idea was that some one was trying to get at the horse, and his hand was on the revolver in his breast-pocket when he opened the door. So strong was tbe impres sion that he was positively surprised to find no sign of an iutruder. The colt was lying in the farthest oorner and perfectly quiet. Jevons looked all round. There was certainly nothing to Bee, but it etruok him that the air felt very cold, and he shut the door. The instant it oloBed behind him a dark shadow fell across the square of light issuing from the entranoe to the saddle-room. "Now's your time, Slimmy," whispered Mr. Vicary. "Nip in and doctor his liquor. This is getting precious slow." The beer stood on a table barelv two paces from tbe door. Stretching out his arm, the tout emptied the contents of a small bottle into the jug, and crept noiselessly back to his j hiding-place. " There's a deuce of a draught in here," said Jevons to himself," and where it comes from fairly beats me." He held up his hand at different heights, trying to test the direotion of the chill current of air. But it seemed to come from every qnaTter at once, and shifted continually. Tbe lad struck a luoifer, and held it level with his shoulder. To his utter astonishment the flame burnt clear and steady, though he could feel the cold draught blowing on his faoe, and even stirring the hair on his bloBely cropped head. " That's a rum go," he said, staring at the match as it died out. He backed a few steps towards the wall, the draught was fainter; when he ocme level with the horse it ceased J altogether. I "You are wise, my lad, to stick to this corner," Jevons remarked as he looked at the colt; " it's enough to blow your head off on the othereide. Well, it must have been the j wind I heard, for there ain't nothing here." He locked the door and went back to the saddle-room. The hands of the Amerioan clock on the narrow mantelpiecp pointed to 12. Jevons loaded his pipe, poured out tbe rest of the beer, and took a long pull. Then he i kicked the fire together, and looked 'about for j a match. " Now, where did I put that box." be said, staring stupidly round. "Where did I put that—whntisitrm looking for? What's got my head ? It's all of a Bwim." He felt for a obnir and eat down, holding his hands to hie heavy eyes. The lids felt as if they were weighed with lead. The gas danced in a golden mist that blinded him. and the whole room was spinning round and ronnd. Then the pipe dropped from his nerveless fingers, and his head forward on the table. " He's safe," mattered Vioary, as he softly poshed the door ajar and surveyed the anoon scions lad. "That's prime stuff to keep the baby quiet. Here's the key, Slimmy: 111 bring the light. When we ve damped the powder in that there rocket Coulson will wish he hadn't been so handy with his crop this morning." Slimmy turned the key in the lock and looked into the box: then he gave a slight start, and drew quiokly back. " What's up ?" enquired the landlord. "Go on, it's all right." "Sh!" whispered the tout, "he mighthear you." "Hear us? Not he, nor the last day neither, if it come now." He was thinking of Jevons, but Slimmy pulled to the door and held it. "There's some one in there," he muttered; " an old chap. He's Bitting on a backet right in front of the horse." " Did he see you ?" " I don't know; his back was turned and he looked asleep like." He leaned forward, listening intently, but not a sound oamo from behind the closed door. " Coulson din't mean to be oaught napping," said Vicary under his breath. "Is it a stable hand?" " A cut above that," returned the other, in the same tone. " 'Tie queer he ehould keep so quiet." They waited a few minutes, but everything was still. " See here," whispered Slimmy, untwisting the muffler he wore round his neck, " there ain't no manner of use standing here all night. Give me the stick. If I can get past him quiet I will; but if he moves you be ready to slip the handkerchief over his head. He can't J make much of a fight agen the two of us, and wo ain't got this far to be etalled off by an old crock like him; keep well behind him. _ Never mind the lantern. He's got a light inside." There was a light inside, but where it oame ] would have been difficult to say. It fell clear as a limelight over half the box, and beyond the shadow lay black and impenetrable a wall of darkness. As be orossed the threshold Slimmy felt a blaet of cold air sweep towards him, striking a Btrange chill into his very bones. Straight opposite stood a horse, and before bim an old man was sitting on a reversed bucket, his elbow resting on bis kuee, bis head on his hand. To all appearances he was asleep. But even in that intense stillness the tout oould oatch no sound of _ breathing. His own heart was thumping against his ribs with the force of a sledge hammer. He felt his flesh creeping with a sensation of fear that was almost | sickening. Bear ? Yes, that was the word ; horribly afraid. And of whao? Of a weak old man, for whom he would have been more than a match Bicgle-handed, aud they were | two to one. What a fool he was, to be sure! With a desperate effort he pulled himself together and went forward, his eye warily fixed on the silent figure. Neither man nor | hcrse moved. Slimmy thrust his band into his j pocket and felt for the bottle which was to settle the Rocket's cbanoes for the Ebor! His fingers were on the oork, when the silence was broken by a sound that brought a oold sweat cut on his forehead and lifted the hair on his head. It was a low chuckling laugh. The man on the bucket was looking at him. The gleaming eyeefixed him with a sort of mssmerio power, and the bottle fell from his trembling fingers. "Qnickwithtbe rag, Sam;" he gasped, "hes seen me." But Vicary stood like one turned to stone. HiB faoe fastened on the seated | figure, taking in every item of the quaint dress, the high, gill collar and ample bird's eye stock, the drab coat and antiquated breeches and gaiters. His mouth was open, but for the life of bim he ccnld not speak. He was waiting in the helpless fasoination of horror to see the face of a man who had been dead and buried for fifteen years. Slowly, like an automaton, that strange watcher turned his head. The square, resolute j mouth wss open as if to speak ; the shrunken akin was agreenish yellow colour, like tbo skin of a corpse; along the temple ran a dull blue mark in the shape of a horse's hoof; but the eyes burned like two living coals, as they fixed themselves on the face of the terrified publican. With a single yell of " Lord ha' merer on us! 'tis old Alick himself !" Vicary turned and fled. Slimmy heard the crash of the lantern on the stones and the sound of his flying feet, and an awful terror came upon him, a great fear, which made his teeth chatter in his head and ourdled the blood in his veins. The place eeemed full of an unnatural light —the blue flames that dance at night over de serted graveyards. The air was foul with the I horrible odours of decay. Above all, he felt the fearful presence of that which was neither J living nor dead—the semblance of a man whose human body had for fifteen years been rotting in the grave. It was not living, , but it moved. Its cold, shining eyes were | looking into his, were coming nearer. Now they were close to him. With the energy of despair Slimmy grasped his stick by the thin end, and struck with his full force at the horror before bim. The loaded knob whistled j through empty air, and overbalanced by the I force of bis own blow, the wretched tout pitched forward, and with one piercing Bliriek fell prone on the straw. " Did you bear that ?" " What the deuoe was it?" The two men who were Bitting over the fire in the comfortable smoking-room sprang to their feet. Coulson put down his pipe and went into the hall. Some one was moving about in the kitchen. " la that you, Martin ?" he called. " What was that row ?'' The man came onb at once. "Did you hear it too, sir? It made me jump, it came so sudden. Sounded like some one hollering out in the stables." " Get a lantern. I must go across and see I what it was ? Are you coming, too, captain ? Then bring that ehillelagh in your hand. It i might houseful." Martin unbolted the side door, whioh opened on the garden, and the three men crossed the gravel path and went through the yard. Here they Baw the gleam of another lantsrn. Some onewaB running towards them. It was one of the lads, half-dressed, and evidently jnBt ont of bed. " le that yon, Mr. Coulson?" he said breath lessly. " Did yon hear that scream ? It woke us all up. Bryant can see the saddleroom from his window, and he Bays the door is wide open," "Comeon," was Coulson's answer, as they hurried across to the stables. The square of light irom the saddleroom showed clearly ' through the darkness. "Here's Jevone," said the trainer, who was I the first to enter. "He's only asleep," ha | added, as ho lifted the lad's head, and listened to the regular bren'hing. lie shook him roughly, trying to arouse him, bat Jevons was beyond being awakened by any ordinary method; he made en inarticulate grant, and dropped back into his former attitude. "Drunk?" ejaculated Martin,blankly. "Dragged, by gad I" Captain Berkeley had taken the empty jug from the table and smelt it. The eiokly odour of the powerful opiate dung about the pitcher and told its own tale. " Then," oriea the trainer, " as I'm a living man, they've got at the oolt." His faoe was white and set as he seized the lantern and ran to the loose-box. The door was Open; the key was in the look. The men crowded up. There was soaroely a doubt in their minds but that the mischief was already done. Ooulson held up the lantern and looked round. The oolt was standing np in the corner, Bnorting and sniffing the air. He, too, had been startled by that terrible ory. On the ground, straight in front of the door, a man lay prone on his faoe. There wbb no mistaking the look of that helpless body, the limp flacoidity of those outstretched arms. "He'sdead, sir,"said Martin, as he turned up the white face ; " hold the light down; his coat's all wet with—something." It was not blood, only a sticky, dark coloured fluid, the contents of a broken bottle lying underneath the body. Just beyond the reach of the clenohed right hand was a heavy loaded ptick, and near the door they found a thick woollen handkerchief. Berkeley bent down and looked at the drawn features "Surely," he said, in a low voice, "it is the same man yon thraBhed this morning V" Coulson nodded. " He meant squaring accounts with me, and he has had to settle his own inetead. It is strange that there should be no marks of violence about him, and vot ho looks as if he had died hard." And truly, the dead man's faoe was teriible in its fixed expression of mortal fear. The eyes were staring and wide open, the teeth clenched, a little froth hung about the blue lips. It was a horrible sight. They satisfied themselves that life was absolutely extiuot. Then CouIbou gave orderB for the colt to be taken back to his old box, locked the door on the corpse until the polioe oould arrive, and spent the remainder of the night in the saddle room, waiting till Jevons should have slept oil the effects of the opiate. But when the lad awoke he couM throw very little light on the matter. He swore positively there was no one in the box when he paid his last visit at five minutes to twelve, and he oould remember nothing after returning to the saddle-room. How the tout hod effected an entranoe, by what means his purpose had been frustrated and bis life destroyed, remained for ever a mystery. The only living man who knew the truth held his tongue, and the doad can tell no tales. But Mr. Vicary, as he watohed Captain Berkeley's colt walk away from his field next day, and cleverly avoiding a collision with the favourite on the rails, pass the post a winner by three lengths, was struck by the fact that the "Rocket" had grown smaller during the night, and he oould have sworn the horse be saw in the loose-box had some white about him somewhere. " He's one o'rsight sort," exolaimed a stal wart Yorkshireman who stood at Vicary's elbow. "When aa seed him i't'paddock, aa said aa*l hev a poood on th' equoire's 'oss for t' saake of ould toimes, for he's strange and loike Blue Ruin, as won th' Ebor in eeventy foive. 'Twos fust race as iver aa'd clapped eyes on, and aa'd backed him for ivery penny aa'd got." The publioan turned involuntarily to the speaker. "Did you say yon oolt was like Blue Ruin?" he asked hoarsely. "The vary moral of him, barring he ain't quite so thick, and ain't got no white stocking, lreokon you'll remember Blue Ruin," added the farmer, referring to a friend on the other side, " him as killed ould Coulson ?" Vicary was a strong man, but at the men tion of that name a etrange, sickly sensation crept over him. The colour forsook bis face, and when, a few minutes later he called for a brandy "straight," the hand he stretched out for the glass was shaking visibly. Onoe, andonceonly, did the landlord allude to the events of that fatal night. It was when Mr. Davis, loudly deploring his losses, expressed an opinion that Slimmy was " a clumsy fool, and matters would have come ont very differently if he had been there." " You may thsnk your stars," was Vicary's energetic rejoinder, "that you never set foot in the cursed plare. The poor chap is dead,. end there ain't no call for me to get myself mixed up in the business. Lease said, soonest mended, say I; bub you mind the story I told you the night Downey brought the news of that blooming colt, about onld Coulson swear ing he'd come back from tbe dead, if need be, to do a Berkeley a good turn." "I remember right enough. What's that got to do with it?" Tbe landlord glanoed nervously over his shoulder. "Only this," he answered, sinking his voice to a whisper, " he kept his word 1" 