BICYCLE SPORTS. The Burra Bicycle Club held sports on the Oval on Monday last, which proved a success both from a financial and racing point of view. Notwithstanding the threatening weather a large number of people from far and near turned out to witness the 20-mile, novice and obstacle races The first race on the programme was won by Boyd, who rode a good race against Trevelyn and Cox. Trevelyn was handicapped a little too, much, consequently he came home a bad third. Six contestants came forward to try their luck in the 20 mile race, and each one strained every nerve to get a place, the result being that some good riding was witnessed. Boyd was the first to leave home, having 20 minutes start, Hagger 18, McDonald 14, Morton 13, Richards 12, and Gleeson 10 minutes. Each rider made the pace warm for the first four laps (one mile) but after this instance they settled down to steady work, Hagger being apparently dead beat,' but he struggled on and proved himself to be the second best rider in the race, and received cheer after cheer for his plucky riding. Glee- son and McDonald, who were riding together for about one mile and a half dissolved partner ship, the first-named shooting by 'Hughey' and tried to catch Boyd, but failed in the attempt. The first five miles were covered in 25 minutes, the 10 miles in 40 minutes, 15 miles in one hour, and the 20 miles in I hour 23 minutes. Up to 10 miles each lap was covered in one minute and a half. Richards and Gleeson were riding well together, the latter again made an effort to catch Boyd, who was riding a losing race, and succeeded in do- ing so. At 12½ miles Morton passed Boyd amid cheers and maintained the lead until the finish, he was followed by McDonald, Hagger, and Richards, with Gleeson sixth. Itl became strikingly apparent at the 14 miles that the Copperhouse representive could not hold out the pace, and after be had accomplished another half mile gave up the ghost, leaving the track. At 15 miles Morton was still lead- ing, being followed by McDonald, Hagger, Richards, and Gleeson. The quartette were riding very strong, Hagger especially astonish- ing the crowd, as he followed McDonald, who was considered a dead bird for the race. At 15½ miles the hero passed McDonald, and then made for 'Dun,' but the latter had too much speed for any man on the track and won a well deserved race, amid cheers. Richards had very bad luck before the race came off, breaking his bicycle twice, consequently he had to ride a rattler which was only fit for a novice, but notwithstanding this drawback he rode in his usual pluckily way, and when at the 15 miles he changed ' bikes,' and in doing so lost a lot of ground, but still he came in third. From the 18 miles Richards rode a great race for the remainder of the distance, trying to pick up three laps on Hagger to qualify him for second place, but 'George' refused to hear of such a thing, so Jack had to hang fire, only being able to pull one lap on bis opponent. The result was : — R. D. Morton, I3min (1h 23m), £12 1 G. Hagger, 18 min (1h 27min), £5 2 J. Richards, I2min (1h3omin), £2 3 P. Gleeson, 10min (1h 34min), £1 4 The obstacle race of one mile was won very easily by R. D. Morton, who got over all the obstacles very quickly, being followed by H. Trevelyn and J. Richards. A shipwreck is a frightful experience. To hear the wind whistle, the timber creak and crash, and cordage strain, the sailors swear, and the women scream, tremble, and run hither and thither like maniacs is enough to appal the bravest heart. Yet with all its terrors death by shipwreck is not half so terrible as the slow and insidious course of disease which for the latter years of the stricken one's life makes existence a misery. With such terrible staring us in the face, how careful we should be to preserve that blessing of Providence, health and strength. Note should be taken of the first signs of disease. A simple headache is an infallible sign that the liver and stomach are disordered ; frequent toothache and neur- algia indicate infallibly that the nervous system is becoming enervated ; that tired feeling is proof positive that strength is failing. There are hundreds of such symptons which should have immediate treatment. CLEMENT'S TONIC fortifies the blood, and builds up nervous tissue; it is the greatest regulator of the system ever introduced, and thousands of grateful sufferers testify to this fact. For instance, W. F. Smith, esq., care of Thomas Walker, Esq., Narrung, Victoria, who writes : — "It is with pleasure I testify to the great benefit derived by my wife from the use of your truly wonderful CLE- MENTS TONIC. For a long time she used to be a martyr to attacks of faceache, from which she could get no relief, having to suffer the agony sometimes for weeks until the attack has worn itself out. Having heard of the beneficial effects of CLEMENT'S TONIC in similar cases, I procured some, and am truly thankful I did so, as the faceache is now a thing of the past. The foregoing is only one CLEMENT'S TONIC'S wonderful qualities. It is, I believe, the best strengthener and invigorator extant, one dose being generally sufficient to remove the tired, languid feeling that oppresses almost everyone in these colonies at times. What you claim for CLEMENT'S TONIC during the period of lacta- tion I can confidently corroborate, as my wife, Although taking CLEMENT'S TONIC for the lief of faceache, was astonished and delighted — she was nursing at the time — at the marked improvement in her general health and also lhe increase and improvement in the quantity and quality of her milk. We sing the praise of CLEMENT'S TONIC high and low, and will never if possible be without it. Trusting that the foregoing may induce some other sufferer to give your famous Clement's Tonic a trial (they will be more than satisfied if they do).' I remain, dear sir, yours faithfully, W. F. Smith, Narrung, Victoria. 