PREPARING STOCK FOR, SHOW. J 1$V ThISTI.KDO^'N# n±-!^ sosep.o: Iii previous articles understiii^~$er^-lmv£i-j strongly advised beginning ea " _ the stock for exhibition, and tills" principle holds true, especially with regard to sheep. It is absolutely impossible to get up sheep for show—that is, where showing is a profession —in less than 12 months. It takes a full year to grow a perfect fleece, and rather more time is required to develop all the mutton points of the animal if belonging to the mutton breeds. In the advice and instructions here given, it must be understood, however, that it is not altogether a question of " whether the game is worth the candle," but simply to describe the best methods of bringing out the animal without damage to its constitution. In some cases I am ready to admit that less time would suffice, but not if the animal is to be brought out in its best form, and without undue forcing, which is always injurious, as well as expensive. In the old country, where the showing of stock is carried out to a high degree of perfection, an exhibitor who spends less than 12 months in preparing his animals, whether horses, cattle, or sheep, has not the ghost of a chance of winning a first prize at any of the leading shows. In fact, uiany of the winners have been under training for two or three yeara, and in the older classes the long-trained beast, if it has been gradually trained aml.deveioped, always scores against the bastily-got-up exhibit. The one is fully and well developed in every point, and its coat is in proper order, while the other is rough and unfinished all round, in which condition it can never compete successfully in good compauy. . VE1UXOKS. Merino sheep require very little prepara tion, and as a rule they get less than they ' ought to have. Kxcept that a difference is sometimes made in feeding and sheltering, merino sheep are generally shown in nature's garb. The merino differs from the long wool and Down breeds in this respect, that its fleece eaunot be trimmed to advantage. The object in trimming sheep is to show off their mutton qualities, and the merinoes are not supposed to l»e bred for tiiat purpose, but for their wool only. The merino fleece, as it grows on the sheep's back, can be greatly altered and im proved, no doubt, in quality and quantity by providing the animals with plenty of good food and sheltering tliern from the dust and J the wet. The animal is sliiTvn in the usual manner, but it is clipped inorc smoothly and j not so near to the skin as in ordinary prac tice. If intended tor the *' housed and fed " 1 section of the show, the sheep are imme diately pnt into the !>eat paddock on the place, and a trough put down for supplying them with a handful or two of grain and chaff daily, in case the poor things might feel hungry and discontented On good clover and ryegrass. To keep the dust from pene trating into the fleece nntl Boiling the lustre of the wool, a cotton sheet or blanket is put on them, and if it rains or the sun happens to come out hot the sheep ore put under a shed erected for their special comfort and benefit Very careful nockmasters some times keep their show sheep confined to the sheds the greater part of the year. This treatment is entirely unnatural, however, but it may serve the purpose of coining a prize at the expense of the animal. Sheep that are pampered in this manner are of no use afterwards, and melt away if turned ont into the paddock as ordin&Ty; stock like snow be fore the summer sun. I do not object to "feeding" sheep, but housing and sheeting them is a system which onght not to be allowed or encouraged. Trimming and colour ing the fleece does not hurt the animal, but housing it proves its ruin in no time. As to the quantity and character of food artificially supplied to merino sheep, only general statements need be given, which AvUI apply approximately to all the other breeds. On very good pasture any'sheep will soon become /at if given, in addition; from $lb, to lib. oi gram per diem. Where the pasture is poor, or where the sheep ore house-fed, they can conveniently assimilate 21b. of grain per day, given at two. meals, with a considerable "»V I B1 * WM HW IrWV. SMtlMOj I quantity of buy chaff, and a cabbage or a'b&tid; j ful of green tares or barley i * .. . or matte thrown in; A little bran and a quantity of linseed shonld aleo be incladed in the ration of all honse-fed sheep, and the careful shepherd, will' not forget the tonic-box,' containing salt and snlphur. lONGWOOLS. The longwool breeds, which in this country include Llncolns, Leicester*. Cots wolds. and Romney Marsh, are generally pre pared for show exactly the same as menqpes. There is no difference in the food ormanner oi fecding/butthe Cots wolds and! Rbmne^ Marsh are sometimes shoWn white andbleah in theirwool, ah they ate invariably exhibited at home. A certain amonnt Of ' with the shears -and oombing is t. and thesheep. are nobeltbe.wpt«]L-,—, __T. thebetter, mtbbhgh it is probable that 'ttftn-l mingthe fleece ifaanyform' is prohimted-bj1 the rules of the society. There are peop" who ignore show-yard regulutiffjw j« 1 some break.the ten comma their nearekt-Krighbour he" So/ tire fact, ' The ' oily bonld ne^be Washed, oused, sndwdlfed. The Leicester, and1 vail" ever,all be was! temtotag lofwAfedttKmld is to spoil the character of the altogether. If there v/ere uny w^P reason in the rule that all sheep should hi shown in their natural coats without washin or trimming, the regulation should alao X applied to horses nnd cattle. And to gok step further, when theabsurdity of the ruleL comes still more apparent, the general pubho should be included, and compelled to vial? the show with their hair unkempt and thl l faces unwashed. lt THR DOWN BRRRDS. There is hardly any use in telling peonle in this country how to prepare Southdown* Uampshires, or Shropshires for show nor poses when putting the- shears or colouring on them is against the rules of the leading agricultural societies in Australia. This is a very mistaken policy, to my mind, and it means that the Down breeds will never be come popular so long as it exists. Any of the Down breeds require trimming in their coats, and look the better for it too, the same as men nnd women do after they have been to their hairdresser. To argue that trimming and colouring the fleece is deceiving to the public is a very plausible theory, but practical sheen breeders laugh at such silly reasoning. I have never in my experience in various countries yet found a man who could trim and colour Bhfcep say that the custom was deceptive or injurious in any way. On the other hand I have met a lot of people, who knew nothing ; practically about Bheep, who condemned it out and out. The best argument in favour of trifph)ing and colouring the Down breeds of irfhcjjp is the fact that these practices are Adopted in their native country. In Australia and in America,, where the merino sheep predominate—a race of sheep, be it remem bered, which cannot be trimmed, and do not require it—the breeders and exhibitors of other kinds of sheep bave to fall in with the ideas of the majority. This is not fair to the owners of the Down breeds, and were I the owner of a flock of such sheep I would, at least, trim and colour all I had to sell, for I know that it would increase their value by one-half or more in any public sale-ring. Trimming and colouring are simple and honest devices for decorating tlie sheep, and making them smart and handsome. As great skill can be displayed in performing this work as in painting a picture, and an ac complished artist is a much sought-after man in sheep-breeding circles in England; but for all that such experts cannot lie con sidered as frauds. The sheep are merely shorn as early as possible, but not before the rise of new wool. Blocking them out on the old wool is often done, hut the fleece has never such a soft, close appearance as when shorn in the new wool. First clip the belly, turning the sheep np for the purpose. Then set it on its feet, and have it held by an assistant. Proceed to cut into the wool at the tail head, keening the shears level with the hack. Clip along the centre of the hack, making it as level as possible and not too bare. The points of the shears are then turned down the sides, commencing at the. head, and working from head to tail, gradually down to the belly. The shearer must thoroughly understand die shape of a perfect model of the breed he is dealing with, and ever keeping his hand ann eye in concert, he will make good or had work according to his Bkill in the art Trimming is the modelling or clipping from time to time of the already rough shorn sheep.. Down sheep should be trimmed once a month, and the last dressing given a day or bo before the show, or even on the show-ground before the judges come round. If the sheep are always kept clean they need not be .washed, at all, but some times this is necessary just once. Water should never be put on the deece for a month before the. ahow, as it takes the lustre out of the wool, and gives it a lanky, dead appear ance. No trimming BhonM be done for at least four days after washing, in order to allow time for the wool to set If trimmed the day after washing hollows and uneven ness in the Heece will be the result. To be able to trim well it is necessary to be a good judge of alieep, but the quickest and surest way of becoming a proficient judge is to practise trimming. Unless a man can trim, and understands trimming, he is not by any means lit to act as a judge. There are some very dexterous hands with the shears, and the art they can display ia very fine on the Down breeds of sheep. Colouring is the equivalent of painting the tips of the wool on the sheep's back, so as to give all the. animals a uniform appearance. This practice originated, no doubt, from the fact tuat soils vary in one locality from an other, the sheep from a yellowish or sandy coloured formation being different to those reared on a light clay or a dark class of soil. Again, animals in the''same tiock generally vary in colour, and to make them all alike the shepherd takes a handfnl ot the: particular clay he fancies, mixeB it in water, and with the palm of the hand or a fine syringe and a brush applies the wash evenly over the surface of the wool. If the proper quality ot clay cannot be obtained, a mixture of J'*''ow or red ochre and burnt umber is used. , J he sheep should not be too t highly coloured—just sufficient to make all since. Light cotton sheets are uselnl for covering the sheep so as to keep the wool fr0"1 being soiled, and where these legitimate means ot preparation are skilfully employed the ap pearance of the sheep is very greatly im proved. ' ■ 