CHAPTER Xlir. let Gent. Our deeds are fetters that we forge ourselves. 2nd Gent. Ay, truly, but I think it is the world that brings the iron. In University parl&uoe;, Claude Maclean ' sported bis oak' after the departure of bus visitors. In plain English, he shut himself up in his studio and declined himsel£ to other callers that he might nurse his wrath, which was great. Claude Maclean had been brought up with too much Spartan simplicity to endure with patience the emascu lated manhood- of the fashionable dawdler. The blood of the old Covenanters that ran in his vein rendered him contemptuous of men who by thefr vices invite popular odium on their order. He held fast to the old maxim - oblesse oblige with the result that for men of the stamp of §ir> Reginald Denieon he felt an; instinctive antipathy almost amount ing to loathing. The baronet's requebt to be furnished with the address of his model stirred the anger that he felt on seeing a man of besmirched reputation enter his studio to a white heat of fury. The possi bility of Winifred being subjected to the intrusive impertinence of Sir Reginald Ppnispn added fqel to the flame. Ill the mood in which he found himself after his visitors, had left he would willingly have snatched at any excuse for giving the baronet a sound thrashing that would cover him with bruises and leave every bone in his body sore and aching, He felt him self almost ready for homicide if Sir Reginald chanced to return, ' Curse the fellow's impudence,' he exclaimed in his wrath. ' Hanging is too good for human vermin like him. He ought to be out up into bits.' ' Then a suddeu thpuglit caused him to bound out of his chair, : ' What a fool I am not to have thought of it before,' he cried. 'Lady Polehampton will take him there, of course. What more natural, seeing that Lord Polehftffi£tofc lifts f^ght her picture, and bas so generously interested himself" in her career. That scamp of a Dpnison, who is still as black as they make 'ein, will soon know the ftddregs lje wg,s so keen after.' ' ' , And seizing his hat, Claude rushed from the house,} banging the dpor behind him in his fierce impetuosity, i The mystery that hung over Wini fred's life during those three years concerning which she was so curiously reticent had often occupied Claude's mind since his visit to Glen-Orloch at Christinas, though he was as far from Arriving at u satisfactory solution as ever. But his faith in the purity of her nature did not waver, despite the ! uncomfortable element of mystery that surrounded her. He never doubted that whatever personal reasons Wini fred might have for her silence the interests, real or imaginary, of some one else occasioned her reserve, and that whenever the cur' ain came to be lifted aud her hidden past disclosed the revelation would bring her un blemished purity into striking relief. Claude Maclean was too observant a student of human life to be unaware of the manifold reasons that might lead a virtuous woman to bury sad re miniscences of the past in the oblivion of silence. He was too noble-minded to be readily accessible to suspicion regarding any person. It was the working theory of life to take human nature on trust until reasons for dis trust were forthcoming, and when once he*gave his faith he gave it outright. But as he hurried along the streets the question forced itself on hie mind, Was Sir Reginald Denison bound up in any way with the secret of Wini fred's life r Was it possible that the baronet had contrived in some manner to obtain some bold upon her P Claude recoiled from the bare supposition, but he could uot thrust from his mind the startled look of astonishment which Sir Reginald betrayed when the curtain was withdrawn from the picture. Claude felt tbat the look was not one of surprised delight in a work of art. Amassment, perplexity, and something thatseemed like recognition were imprin'ed on the baronet's face. It was this that troubled Claude. He felt tbat the mystery that surrounded Winifred was thickening, and that the shadow of some great trouble, that he was unable to define, was gathering round the path of the woman he loved with a devotion that nothing could quench. A Vapid walk of ten minutes brought him to the street where Wini fred lived. He arrived in time to see the carriage containing Lady Pole hampton and Lady Isabel being driven away from the door whilst Sir Reginald followed in the same direction at a leisurely pace. He fretted and fumed over the delay that ensued before the one servant tbat Winifred kept opened the door in answer to his imperative knock. ' Is Miss West at home P' he in quired with breathless agitation ; and without waiting for a reply he pushed past the domestic and made for thei studio where he found Winifred look- j itg pale and litnp with her head re clining on her hand, buriod in thought. The last months of Winifred's* life j had brought i l&fr; great happiness.; The only tincture of bitterness in her cup was the setose of the hopeless1 passion for Claude Maclean that had come to her unawares, bud the struggle that it entailed to hide it, within her own breast, and live her j life as she must have lived it, if Fate hn/3 not brought them together. In her devotion to her art she had found a relief from the misery of self-intro spection and the sharper pang of vegoe desires never to be realised, and her endurance had been crowned with new strength, enabling her to rise superior to the natural weakness of her sex. With the victory over self there had come to her a great peace. But with the ghosts of the past newly risen from the grave in which she had thought them laid for ever, she felt that there was an end to her tran quility. The appearance of Sir Reginald Denison had rouBed all the faculties of her nature into intense exercise. For the first time she realised to the full extent the blight ? that he had cast upon her life and the great bliss that might hare been hers but for that accidental meeting In the galleries of the Louvre years be fore, with all that followed upon that. She rebelled against the idea that her lifo was just what she had made it She could not plead with herself that she had been reluctantly .drawn into an unsuitable marriage, but in some dim way, she felt her life had not been Just to her in leaving her in her youthful inexperience and guile, less trustfulness, at the mercy of the first villian who chanced in plausible guise to cross her path. How terribly bitter it was! How weary of life she had grown in a few short minutes, But Winifred roused herself on hearing,Claude's footsteps, and smiled her bid sweet smile as she extended her hand in greeting. ' I am so glad to see you Mr. Mac lean,' she said. ' It is nearly a tort night since yon were here; and t WAS feeling just now that the eight of a friendly face would be welcome 'You have had visitors, I suppose,* said Claude, at a loss for an excuse to explain his agitation, which he thought Winifred could not fail to see. ' Yes; Lady Polehampton has been here with her brother, and Lady lea belle Cbilde.' 'I would have given a thousand pounds rather than this should have happened,' said Claude with ill-sup preBsed anxiety. ' Unfortunately that man Denison saw my ' Helen * and there was an evil light in his eye as he looked at the picture. I saw by his look that he meant misohief. And now he has found the original X am full of all kinds of strange fears.' I do not fear Sir Reginald Denison,* replied Winifred with quiet dignity. ' lou need be under no apprehension on my account.' ' Winifred,' said Claude seating himself by her side and taking her hand in his. ' I have been silent too long. I have only refrained from speaking lest my words should pain you. Look at me, Winifred, and tell me that you love me. I have toyed you ever since I knew you. You re member whore that was. I lay uncon scious and delirious in the hospital yonder, and it seems to me now that in my unoonBclouB state I had dreams of the angels-of you my own ptire bright angel, most of all. When first I came to myself your beautiful face hovered near me, and this hand that I am. holding now Boothed my fevered brow in my weakness and pain. You have brought me back to ] fife. I iowe everything to ]rou My; whole heart is yours. All my hope of happiness is in your hand to fulfil or to destroy. Give me the right to protect yoJL Say that. you love me, if only a little. Say that you will be my wife.' And he drew the unre sisting form of Winifred closerto him until her head lay pillowed on his breast, whilsfc'he kieeed her again, and again. Fop one brief moment Winifred dared to ba happy and to believe the bliss she had dreamed of and thrust away from her might lie in store for her; bnt the next moment her vanished strength had returned to her and she disengaged herself- from Claude's embrace and looked him sorrowfully in the face. 'Oh, Claude, forgive me!' she cried. * I ought to have stopped you, loughtnot tohave listened to you. But my love for you has made me very weak. What yon hope for can never be.' 'What do you mean?' cried Claude. * Do you not love me ?' \- Have I not said so V replied Wini fred mournfully, and then flinging herself into his arms she exclaimed. ' Claude, Claude, my heart is breaking I do love you with my whole heart and soul, but I cannot be your wife. Say yon forgive me.' * Capitally acted Lady Denison! I said the last time we znet*that you would make a first-rate actress.' Sir Reginald by judicious bribery and a little cajolery had persuaded the maid to allow him to find -bis way to the studio unannounced, where he had arrived in time to hear Winifred confess her love for his rival. As their faces turned from the door they had not seen him enter, but on hearing his voice they rose from the conch on which they were sitting and con fronted him. Claude stood for a moment contem plating Sir Reginald with heaving breast and dilating nostrils, and then made as though he would spring upon him, when a quick movement from Winifred arrested him. ' Do not tsuch him, C'aude. You Bhatt not soil your hands. Now, go-for my Babe-go! Do not be afraid for me,' she added, drawing herself up proudly. * I do not fear this man. Go at once, Claude, and leave me to deal with this liar-this coward-this common gambler and cheat! * 'I go at your wish,* said Claude, 'but I recall nothing of what 1 have said, I leave behind me the entire trust of your heart.' And darted a fiery look of hatred at the baronet he yielded to Winifred's request. But though he quitted the studio lie went no father than the drawing room. He determined that he would remain within call lest violence should ba attempted on the woman he loved. There was one ray of light shining though the darkness tbat overwhelmed Claude's spirit. He knew the worst; he knew that the wojnfcn lie Wed was the wife of Sir fieginaidDenisoiL Bat the discovery did not alienate her from him.. Henceforth, he rowed, his lips must be sealed upon the passion that he cherished for Winifred. But he felt that more than before she required to be shielded by the deep unutterable affection that he bore for her from the tyranny of a villain; and as he thought of the terrible power that the English law gives to a bad husband over his wife, Glauue trembled for Winifred's future. TO BE CONTINUED. 