TBOOPEB TOM. I Colonel Brnndlinp— better and very widely I known In military circle by tho sobriquet of 4 Trooper Tom " — wm spending Lis forenoon according to hie invnriablo custom during tbo London season, when tho day was fino and hia digestion did not trouble bim. Ho , Lad learnt tbo loseon of early rising in India, wbcro bo bad paused many year of his proforsiona lifo; he xrns ttiil o hale, welf-presorTed man of fifty odd, | Locauic bo had always been careful of him-: C'.eH, glen to regular hnbits, frugal diet, nnd much hard oxerciio. After a light bronkfnwt, he rodo Koncrally as far an UnrnpiU-ad, or on ' fjueatham Common ; then bo fonccd for a couplo of bonrc, after which bo dressed hira- jelf carefully iu tho omewbut old fohhioned sttlohoatfcctod, and with or without some choson crony, mode his way to Hydo Park. There ho either took his scat under the shady trees, or stood loauroir against tho rslliugs of the Itow ; and from this comfortable point of vantago ho looked upon the fashionable world, uurvcyiu it calmly, crittrally but with supremo diedain. lie bad known it by heart in hit time : its shams and meiinncHacN, mock virtues, real vices, thy hollow friendships and dcup-scatcd enmities tbnt ever undcrmino and agitato it. A wicked, worthless world ; ho was no longer of It. and, ns ho thought, had risen al together superior to its woes and wicked tieoic.H, by which in tho dead and nearly for gotten past ho had been sorely tried. Xow, as he stood there, with hut juuutily cocked ou onosidoof his grizzled, closo-eroppcd head, with a cigar like a bowspritbotwoenhia whito moustachioed lips, a self-satislied amiio upou his bronzed and weather-bcatou face, thoonli nary observer would havosct hhndywu as a fino old soldier, entirely devoted to Ntimbor Ooo: a solitary, egotistical old bachelor, utterly ignoriog tho cores and ttoublcs of others, and having very Tow of his Hia companion was another old foldior. Jack Carruthom, alao a woU-presorved, and more dandified man, with vory bluck hair aad raoustachios, that owed something to art, and a pair of atill keen, dark eyes. He had left the Army early and without gaining high rank, preferring a life of greater independence, and freedom to foUow his own bant. A peculiar and strongly marked truit in his character was inijutaitivcne.'s ; ho suffered from a curiosity which, ns ho grew older, catno to a perfect craro. Ho was for ever prying into other people's affairs ; ho know, or tried to know, everybody's busiucss, their privnto means, ways of lifo, post histories, pedigrees and everything about them. So well v.as ho known ns a walking vndc-moenm that ' ask Jack Carruthcra" was tho invariable recom mendation when any obscure or mysterious point nroBO. If by could not supply tho neewpary information then and there, ho frankly said, " X don't know ; I'll find out in a day or two," aud ho always did 80. Thoy railed him " rollncky's man" at tho club, frcm his pcrsiutout quickness in following up a cluo. Now thoso two woll dressed and outwardly raroless voterniiH were basking In tho sua- phlno, and passing their rcmurKs upon tho mixod crowd tbut wore parading before them. "There goes Iliploy," said Carralhcrs— " Lord Itiplcy. Don't yon know him ? I do, and nil about him. (Jo's one of tho biggest LlackcuurdH in tho threo kingdoms." 44 Why should I know him ? 1 am not so fond of blackguards. But ho is riding a dashod fino hon-o and has a dashed good roat," replied old Trooper Tom, with ail that forco and freedom of expression which, no ieu than his gallantry as a light cavalry lender, hadgaincd him his nickname. 44 But what has ho dono ? Why do yon call him a blackguard':" "About women. Comes of being a goodbh-looking chap, I aoppore," said Jack, complacently, as bo cnrlod tho waxed end of his raoustnehios. no had been lomowbat of s " dog" bim pelf in bis day, " Couldn't help himself. Yon'vc got sometimes to beat them off with your umbrella. Tfaoy'ro all oliko— theso " I don't liko anch talk," said tho simplo, chivalrous, old trooper ronroviogly. Ho had suffered sevoroly, acutely, at tbo hands of ono, but could not believo that all wero bad, "Aro you going lo reform tho world? Gad I that's good— Tom BrandHug turned virtuous! Shall there bo no more cnbo aud oio " I don't nndorstand you. Neither malt nor pastry ore much in my lino," said tbo old poldfcr, seriously. Ho was not a man of deoi> or varied reading. "Toll ino morn about this Lord Itiploy. What do you know cgfiinut him ?" "Nothing much, as tho world wags and takes him— or men liko him— uowutluys. Only thoy sxy ho hobaves very badly to women. I can't pay I blame him ; ho hup raado tho mo«t of his chances, that is all. Handpomochap; taking way with him; in tho very beat society — tho Prince's set, and all that— ho has had them all at his feet. 4 Ho saw his cliance, and took it, as that ilolightful Lottio Yenno sings In tho bur lepquo." " And you dofond htm !" By Ceorgo I if 1 thought yon wore spooking seriously, Jack Csrruthers, I'd cut your acquaintance." "Well, perhaps ho'agonoo litthj too far," Raid tho other apologoiieally, Hoeing ho was treading on dangerous ground. 44 It mast bo pretty bad when husbands won't lot a follow insido thoir doors, and mothers hide their daughters from hiin— not that tboy all do, for hero he comes cantering back with an un commonly nico girl. Gad 1 It's that now loirtii, Jlxrion Hail. I'm bourd to confess they make a very striking pair." My lord, althougli past his first youth, was still a remarkably handsomo man; he sat Square, broad-shouldered, and ercet im his saddle, with Iiih dark gipsy fnco, coal black hair and whito gloaming teoth. His com panion was as fair and fresh as a Illy ; a pretty ingcnuo, wiih n laughing rosobud mouth, and bright lluo eyes just now wido open iu joyous appreciation of this untried and lei mingly most dolightful world. " What's wroug with you, Tom Brand ling? aslrod Jack Carrutbers, After a lengthened paupo. 41 Aro you going dotty, nr have you lost tho uso of your tonguoi1 Look us if you'd Boeii o ghoit." Stilt Trooper Tom did not reply. Ho might havo been a thousand miles away. IIo slood there against Iho 1'nrlc railings, silent nnd motioaloss, staring into vacancy. It was just that — bo had soon a ghost — tho gloxtofa dead lovo, an apparition revived in thojlcah, stirring up old memories, old and painful recolicctious. "Long past luuchooo," bo said at longth, and with a manifest offort, as though nrousod from a vivid and acutely painful dream. Ho msdo no immo diate reference to what had occurred, nor did ho offer any explanation of his want of apputito when presently itoatod at his favorite tablo in hiH favorito oluh, surrounded by his most particular frionds, Thoy on their part forbore to quoatiou him. Thero is far more of that ready tact and kindly considoratoneA axnoug club habituea tLan ia commonly nupposcd. Thuy all knew and were fond of old "Trooper 'J'oia." Ho was a man who had btrou tiirough a great domestic trouble years and yurs before, hit flighty who's mi-->.-i-«,<ltiot had driven him to oxvhango to iu. >iulinn regi ment, and eook forgotfnluoMS uadur another namo. Now ho was spending tho autumn of his days on a very modest couipctenoii, ! leading a frugal, blumck-tia uneventful lifo. His friends saw thero was something wrong with him. If ho wantod advico and lympxthy, ho hud only to invito thorn ; menu- wkilo, as ho ovldently wished it, thoy loft him Kovcroly ulono. Tho only ono who had any inkling of what troubled old Tom ns Jack Carrutbers. " You told mo ynu know all nbout Lord RSploy. Is that so?" askod Brandling, iu tbo umoking-rooin, somo ovenings luter." " A great deal, any way," 44 la ho rich— a good parti ? " "There was an oxeoution in Blnloy Court Conrt last year. But ho squared hia creditors Romubow ; ho haa ways of raising fundi you and I wouldn't look at. I bclloro bus still iu Queer streot, all thn sumo." 44 If he's so nocdy, I wondor ho doesn't nurry monoy," Tom suggested carelessly. 44 Woll, yes. I aappoco bo might find buyers if ho offored his corunot for salo. For tune mads In shoddy, or pork-packing, or at CO per cont., might be at his disposal. But decent folk would think twice before thoy E arc htm one of thoir daughters. You see, e's been married already. Ho wasn't a model husband even for theso degenerate days. Besides, they do eay — — Well, never mind; 1 can tell you a qnoor story about him if you care lo hear itsomo day." After this a very strange and surprising change oamo over Colonel Brandling. For years, averainoo ho had re-established hint- self in London, ho eschewed society, steadily refusing to en tor tho many hospiubledoontbat were open to bim ; no invitation ooold tompt himabresd. Now ho suddenly took to going out, and actually pestered his friend, to got hfm cards, especially for halls aad rents, lis was constantly to bo- seen at thorn, set duelng, hut hanging ttnwfr doorways, near the supper-room, on' tho stairs, and never tired ot looking on. Ho was not noticed much iu the crowd, and ho was ablo thus, almost without remark, to dog the footstep aud feast his eyes on tho cweot iaco of .Marion Hall, who, however, with intuitive quickness, scon realised that sho had made su impression. " Thero is roy old admirer again ! Those oyes of his quito haunt mo," said that young lady to her psrtucr cnoovening al Hautboy Hours. She was dancing with a "detri mental," ono Captain Cleyuate, a rising young soldier with a good record, but nothing to recommend him, out«ido and beyond hLi'profefnional prospect. Mr. Hull, who lookod higher fur her dsughter, as an Lcircss, enubbed unci discouraged him; but luvo laughs at cbaptrons ;n well as lock?.'' 4 You've bowitched him as you have every ono oho. Here comes another of your victims," said the yonng follow with marked disgust, as Lord Ripley approached. 44 Lord Ripley considers mo ono of his !" replied the girl, with much spirit, and a hot flush on her bright check. 44 He thinks he has only to throw his har.JVcrchii'f " 44 Don't you really liko him? I was afraid——" 44 1 nuvor pro him but I foil Inclined to ran straight away," "Why don't ycu ! With mo H.i spoko lightly, hat there was an under tone of deep meaning in Mi voice. 4' flow absurd yott can be, Captain Cloy- gate! You must not talk to mo liko that." brio looked down demurely, pretending to bo oifoudud. ' - 44 1 do not moan to bo. absurd," ho whis pered, .tooping over her as though to examine her engagement card. 44 Glvo me hut a Hlgn, and I'll carry you off from thorn nil— your mother, this boast Lord IUploy, tho whole world. No ouo, I swear, shall come between us, Marion, If you will only aay you love mo." Strange, strong, poseionato words, spoken with a smiling face, in a London ball-room, within oarehot and nndcr tho very eyes of a curious, censorious crowd. 44 My dance, 1 think, M!ss 21aU, another voice interposed, in cold, calm, accents, and Toured her, the quiok-wittod, resourceful danghter of £vo. 44 Surely uot ; I was just looking. It U Captain Cloygate's— so, at loust, ho was try ing to prove." 44 1 am perfectly positive it's mine," and without admitting lurcher discussion, C!ey- cato nlipped his arm round tho yielding wil lowy waist, aud whirled her away, Icarinc the other disappointed pretender bltiog his lips, while a dark aoowl gathered over his hand some but unprepossessing countenance. His discomfiture, tho whole ncuoo had been observed by two interested spectators. One, of coarse, was 44 Trooper Tom," who shrewdly guessed what it nil meant ; the other was a rather faded, languid-lookiug lady in n fur comer, who, through her long tortoiscshoU-hnndlcd cyo-glnHPCS, had kopt cIofo watch on tho young girl's proceedings. It was to hor thnt Lord Kiploy now made his way, with a shrug of bis (moulders and an air of much nnnoyanco. Ho took a nnnt by her sido, and pnt thero talking earnestly, with noma vebomotico indeed, until at last Captain Cloyguto brought back tho truant, and, regnrdlcPH of tho elder lady's frowning face, surrendered her to her mother. What rhu whispered to bcr daughter musthavo been reproof, for tholnttcr, without disdaining to answer, pale-faced and defiant, accepted Lord Ripley's arm and was led away. "Shall I interfere ' Shall I go up and apeak, now and at onco— or aut 1 premature? Carruthere promLed to let mo koow more, positively, within a weok. Until then, per haps, 1 bad better wait." But events were hurrying forward lode- pendent of 44 Trooper Tom.' Half an hour ator ho was wandering to and fro, having lost sight of the only race ho cared to sco. When panning a rather retired boudoir, ho heard voices, raUei high— a man's, Eassionatc, dictatorial ; a woman's, weaker, at loudly indignant. 44 You shall not go, Marion— not till you havo answered differently. I will not bo donied. I love you — adoro you— I cannot do without you I4' 44 Again, Lord Ripley, 1 tell you that I can noror, novor, care for you." 44 Your mothor fully upproves. Sho has encouraged mo to apeak to you. Sho has as sured mo that you would not refooo me." I do refuse you now, finally, and without tho smallest hesitation. Tako mo bock to her at onco, if you plcaso." 44 No, no, wait, darling; I implore you, glvomoalittlo hope!" 44 Lord Ripley, why do you persecute mo liko this ? It is unmanly, unworthy of you! Lot mo pass! I will go! You shall not dotain mo. Oh ! how dare you !" He had seized hor two gloved hands in his, nnd hold her there, resisting nnd holploes, whilo ho kissod hor furiously on hor hair, her snow- white shoulder?, nnd at lost hor lips. But next minuto he was reeling across tho room from a well-directed blow. Tbo old soldier who had constituted himself her pro tector had interposed with tho only argument that is effcctivo in such a sltuatiou Lord Ripley, recovering quickly, was tbo first to speak. 44 You accursed old scoundrel ! Who and what do you call yourself! By what right - do you iuterfcro ?" " The very best that of a gontlemsa who fmdB a lady In distress, and insulted aud out raged by a cad. titand nddu now. If you don't, by —I'll make you 1" Tho threat was sufficient to keep Lord Uiploy nt bay, and, without paying bim fnrtherattcntion, Colonel Branding turned to tho agitated but still undaunted girl, and said: " "Madam, lot mo offer you my arm. I will escort you to tho ball-room, and restore you to your uolWscire." 44 Ob, thank you, thank you, a thousand times 1 " alio whispered, as she clung to his arm and nestled closely under Ills protecting wioir. 41 Why are you so kind I Why do I seo you so often always near me, watching nic, and now, boro, when I most wanted holp? Whom atu 1 to thank? i'leaco tell mo nt onro." Hoovndcdtho question, nnd was almost glud whouho found Lord itiploy barring tho aoorwny, aud eaying fiercely : 44 Ynu shall uot leavu this room until you oxpluin your interference. I inritit on know ing your name. I will havo soino satisfaction for this." 44 1 am not tho man to refuse it, Lord Ripley," replied tho old soldtor. 44 My name is Brandling— Colonel Brandling. You or your friends will hear of mu at tho Mnrs nnd Nrptuno Club any time to-morrow. Now fltuud aside. Let nspuss." They made their way buck— father aud daughter, for such iu truth Uicy wero— up the grand staircase towards the ball-room, aud oa reaching it tb» old man said : 44 Need I tako jou quito up toyoarmotlior, 111m Ilall ?" " 1 am suro sho woaltl wish to thank you in pr-rsun. That is, if X am to toll her exactly what haa happened." 44 Whysiiuuld you? It might bo incon venient in this public placa. And— pardon my asking tho quoation— is abo not on X-ord Iliplny'a side?" "lea. It Is hor wish that T should accept him ; bat— but— I havo noror really likud him. And to-night I feel far more strongly —2 loathe and detest Lira." 44 Then eay nothing to yonr mother to night. As to any thanks— and I deservo nono, for it was roy duty a thousand times ovor to not im I did — 1 wilt oall, if you let me, on yonr mothor to-morrow. Go across to her now, by yourbolf. If sho is surprised to sco you alono, muko somo excuse. If nocosssry. nay you hud a tiff with Lord Ripley and left him. And— forgivo my boldness— do uot ucocpt any man unlc.u ho has won your Next clay found 44 Troopor Tom" fully employed. Wliilo ho was at break- fast which for onoo ho ato at his alub, a enrd wm brought in to bim, that of Mr OhtirlcH I'orsyth, a port youug gentle man vory muoh potted by society, hut with no very wido experience of life, who, whoa thoy wero presently closeted in ono of tho small wrilitig-roums, began in u high tone : " This is a most unpleasant btuincin, Colunol Brandling'. My friend, Lord Ripley, insLists upon tho most amplo apology." 44 Ho shall have no apology from me," ro. Elird tho 41 Trooper," stoutly. 44 But first, ow fur do you knov tho facts? What has Lord Ripley told you ? " "That you a'ltookod hlto, struok him without tho elightost provocation in Lady Hnutboy'fl house, in tho presence of another lady " 44 You havo only got a garbled account, I see," said tboold soldier,44 But I will not go into that, or ray more than I only did what jou, or anv man who protends to be a gcntloman, would havo done under the nlr- anrastances. But I shall say nothing more. You oau go hack and toll Lord Itiploy I am at his orders." 44 1 do not quite follow yon— iu what way? " said the young man, a llttlo discon certed. 4|1 have nutoomo as the bsurcrof a challengo. All that sort of thing Is oat ol date. 1 only require an apology." 44 Which I zefuso to make. What else oan Lord Eipfcsy do bat oail eeo oat ?" "It's too preposterous, too abnrd. Fcople don't call each other nowadays." 44 More's tho pity. If they did, aotao ono would have drilled a hole through your friend's unprincipled body long before this. Rut bis lordship has hu choice — accept the blow, or have a shot at me. That's my only _"But how can you meet? When? Where ? It's perfoctly illegal." 44 Look here, young sir, you ere still young, and T cannot counsel yon to break the law. Ask Lord Ripley to find some other second — why should you get into trouble in another man's quatrerr" 44 1 am ready enough to stand by my friend." 44 No, no ; leave us two to outeach other's throats as best as wo may. It's oasily arranged. Well crojs over to Frarce, goto the nearest garrison, rend up our cards to the colonel of any regiment, nnd ask him to provide us with seconds. Two of hia officers would be delighted to act— taku it as a compliment Indeed." _ 44 1 cannot admit this as a possible solu tion," said Mr Forsyth, stilltrying to bold his own. 44 Lord Ripley is certainly aggrieved, and he has a right to ask for satisfac tion " 44 Dash it all, man, am I not offering him tbo fullest .' Go back und tell him what I say. I shall bo only too pleased to hear from him again, 1 don't care how soon." 44 Nothing further will come from bim this forenoon," ho said, as soon as- his visitor had gone. 44 Now is my tlmo to call at Wilton 1'Iiico. Marion is certain to be riding, and I shall sco her alono." He was shown into tho drawingroom as an ordinary visitor, aud the inistrc, who was loungiug idly iu a large low chair, with her b&uk; to tho light, looked round iu listless sur prise as she heard his numo. 44 Colonel Branding ! I know no Colonel Brand except — can it bo possible?" The lazy iodiilercnco dropped from her like a mask, as sho rose quickly to her feet, and faced him with clenched hands and angry 14 It is yon, thon < I could not believe roy cars, hardly my oyes— although I seemed to have seen you about of lato ia society. I' thought— I hoped, that you wero dead ! 44 It is a resurrection. I wu, and should have remained dead, but that I wished to uuka you an appeal." "Aha! At lost you want something? After rojccting all roy overtures, putting back tho hand I hare so often held oat to vou, you como to me nt lut. What ia it ? Muucy ? How much ? Yon shall have any thing in reason— only tako it and go." 44 1 havo not fallen Quito so low as that, Agatha Hall. I am still yoor husband- - your pensioner never ! That woold bo to shift your ehame from your shoulder to 44 Then why tarn up after all these years? Cannot you lrmvo mo In poseo?" 44 1 havo como to prevent you from doing a vory wioked thing. Yon are about to commit a crimo, an offouco before God and man—" 44 What 1 turned preacher? I thought your boon companions called you 4 Trooper Tom?' " 4# When I loft my dnughtor to yonr care it was bccauso I thought her mothor— oven such a mother— would bo herpropor guardian and protoctor. Yon thon swore to mo solemnly to think first of her happiness. For her sake, and because you promised, I spared yon." 14 1 know." Sho sat, with her arms locked around her knees, swaying herself to and fro. 11 It was for tbo child, l'oa had not ohivalry enough to forgivo mo freely." 44 This is wasting titno. Lot ns get on. Lot mo tell yon why I como hero now. It is to rea»on with you, to plead with, you, and, if no fairer means prevail, to lay my commands upon you. My daughter most not marry Lord Ripley. I absolutely and positively forbid it. 44 What power or authority havo you over her or me ? You abdicated all your rights when you left mo years ago. Yon are not your daughter's fatfaor. Ho died many years ago, so she bcllovca. To prouUim yourself now would bo a broach of faith 44 Which yon would forco on me." 44 It would re-open au old wound; bring discredit, not on mo alone— to urgo that would bo of little avail— but upon this youug girl, who has not tho folutcst Idea of what drove von away." Tho mothor was for tho moment in tbo ascendant with this worldly-minded un scrupulous woman. 44 Then acoopthor dlsmiu&lof; Lord Riploy. Do with a good graoo, of your own oo- cord." 44 Marion wishes it, Sho has taken him." 44 That is untrue, A(7&tha.; Her affections aro placod ohowhoro. fiho loves another man, I am cortaiu of it." 4>Whotn, pray? That concoited yonng fellow Captain Cloygato, I supposo— a penui- Icea fortuuo-huntcr. ' 44 Is Lord lllpley mnch better ! It is only Marion's money bo U after." "There you wrong him. I am euro ho is much attached to her— nay, that ho is deeply, madly in lore with hor." 441 saw aomotliing of that last night," and tho Cblonel recounted tbo affair of tho previous evening, addlog, with emphasis, 44 IIo showod himself in his truo colore then. IIo Is a libertino, a cowardly rufller, who treats all women ns dirt. It would bo sn act of sacrilege to hand ovor this eweet, Innocent child to such a man as he." 44 Sho told mo nothing of this," said Mrs HaU, in a weak, wavering way— 44 only that tboy had disagreed pa mere lovers' quarrel. But it is nil nonsense; It is nnt enough to break off the mutch for. Besides 14 — she was calling hack hor courage — "I havo given him my word. I cannot withdraw now. "Yon must. I toll you, yon shall," ho wont on, speaking now witn commanding pcrcmptoriuei-H ; I insist. Do so at once, ur all tho past shall ho tnado public." 44 Think, Algernon, think of that poor child— of wit she most suffer when she bears —when tho finger of scorn is pointed at her mother." 44 What Is tho alternative? You would s&crificQ; her to llvo-long wretobednms. Drivo her into n distasteful marriago with a man who will trilio with her yonng heart, break it and thou toss her osido. Which part will you chooso?" 44 Oh, this is torture 1 What shall I do ? I am bound to Lord Riploy 1 cannot toll you how or why." Sho buried her bead In her hands, and burst into n torrent of hysterical tears. 44 Snpposo I get him to withdraw his pre tensions— 1 may bo ablo to acoomplish this— will you glvo Marion to tho ntau of bcr choice I" Ho repontol the question more than onco before she quite took It in. 44 It is so poor a match," sho paid at hut. 41 Marion ought to do so much better." 44 If thoy lovo each othor, and ho is worthy uf hor, what more can you wish 7 " 44 Let us como to terms," sho said, after a further pauso. 44 1 will make a compact with you. Marion may marry Captain Gley- gato on two conditions. Tho lint is that Lord Riploy writes mo loiter relinquishing his prctcuBions. Can you obtain that ? " 44 1 will try." "Tho sownd condition is, that so long ns I live Marion shall remain a mere acquaint ance for you ; you most promise mo that novcr, by word or deed, hint or sign, you will allow her to imagino shu is your duugh tor or that vou have any claims upon her. Pro mise to ino that you will noror eoo bcr " 44 Do uot, I entreat you, ask so muoh as that !" 44 Well— that you coo her rarely. But stvoar by all you bold mori sacred never to divulgo your relationship to hor, nor. of course, your forrnur connection with mo. 44 1 Hwcnr, much as it costs mo now that I havo scuu her aud cau valun hor sweetness— but roy child'a happiness before everything. And you will give mo your word in rotnrnf" 44 Yes, if you suoccod'with Lord IUploy. It will uot bo easy, I fear." 44 Trooper Tom ' ' wont straight book to his club, and hunted up Jaok Carruthcra. 44 1 do hopo and trust, Jack, that you havo found out everything about Lord Riploy. Yos? Well, go on. Lot's hear tho worst you have uguiuit him. I have a reason for asking-" 14 1'ollacky'a man" wan only too ploasod to help hia friend, nnd tbo information he atlordod provod of tho greatest valuo to 44 Trooper Tom" in bringing Lord Ripley to bis viows. The peer lived In tho Albany. He found chambers more comlurtaldo and less costly than a town bouao, which, moreover, ho lot furnUhed dutlnu tho loaion for a good round sum. His friend Forsyth was with him whou thecolouel arrived aud sent up bis namo. " It's thst swaibbunVlorlng old Bohadll," said Lord Uiploy. 44 What oan ho want? Ho has no right to como hero. I won't seo hiio. 44 Yon 'd better. Perhaps ho has thought over it, and wishes now to apologise." 44 1 must speak with you In private," began tho Trooper as soon as ho was shown In, looking fiercely at Fonyfb. 14 This gentleman is nnlte In my confi dence. I havo no socreU from Lhn." 44 Oh, m yon please. Remember, it will nob be my fault if he hurt more than yea like," pTiintcd "Trooper Tom," in a very meaning tone. 44 Let ua proceed to businwa, then. Mrs Hall has sent ine to yen. Hho wishes vou tn ruiiiro your oretonaions to Miss Hall's hand." 44 Mrs Ilall woold not dare scad mo sach a message by any oao, least of all by you," sneered his lordship. 44 Who aro you? I havo never met you at her house. Yon can havo no poseihlo claim to speak for her." 44 Paraou mo, I haro tho very best. I havo known Mrs Hall for many yean. What ebo asks I endone— but far mors strongly. "Where sho beseeches, I command. You tnuri— and shall— givo tlio young lady up !" 14 You impudent old vaeatond ! Now you are adding insult te injury. Tbo first still requires apology andawncinvnt. I will accept yoor tenna. Wo will go over to Franco to night, and I will mort you— — " 44 ItUtonlato. I dtclino. I will not fight with a blackguard, as now I know yon to be. Prajy listen, Mr Forsyth, It is Lard Ripley's 44 Ho shall bo my witness, t will havo you up, bring an action acaiost you, rniu you. send you to gaol as alow, scurrilous libeller." 44 Better look to yottr own affaire, my lord. Onco more, will you surrender yoor pro- tensions: Como; you know you cannot, roarrr Mies3tarion Ilall." 44 Why not, pray ? Is it indispensable to obtain your leavu ?" 44 Simply beennio you havo a wife aliro. Pray tako npto of this, Mr Forsyth." " It is n lie! A Iwwo, unfounded fabrica tion !" cried Lord Ripley, with fierce heat. ' 1 havo chapter and verso for it. You were In ono of tho Western States of America, hud wero smitten by tho eburins of a 4 variety' actress, who was cleverer than you thought her, and the marriago laws of tho State lessolastio. Tho ceremony is still binding, and you kuow it ; and, hard up as J'ou are, you pay your second Countess a trge incomo to keep out of tho way." 14 You must be mad to mako such asser tions. You luvo no shadow of grounds for them," asserted Lord Riploy, but iu au uncer tain, not over confident voico : 44 1 havo tho Tory best. My lady can bo produced at auy time. So marry again, if yon dare !" Forsyth, perhaps, you Lad better leave us," said Lord Ripley, who now lookod far from happy. 4<Tbis is only an attempt at extortion, and lean easily dispose of it. I will only ask you to keep your own couiifcl. What you hxvo board is quite untrue, titill, it must not be repeated. 44 Now, sir," be went on to Colonel Brad- ling, 44 what are yonr demands ?" 14 1 only want a lotter to Mrs Hall resign ing your pretcnsioQfl to Miss Hall's hand. Word It as you please, but nothiug less will satisfy Mrs Hall ; apparently you bavo some hold over her." 44 "Why are you io keen about this? You old Turk, do you wish to marry the girl yourself ?" said Lord Riploy, after he bad written a fow linos, which ho handed the Colonel with a vory bad graoo. 44 Myreasons arotho very best, but Ishall .keep them to myself," aad ho turned to leuvo thor/om. 44 Stay; I havo ono last word to say," cried Lord Riploy 44 Keep out of roy way — that is all my advico to you, Colonel Brand ling. I owo you a dobt, a heavy debt, and 1 shall pay yuu off somo day in full." 44 1 shall bo more fortunate, then, than your other creditors," Answered 44 Troopor Tom," with a contcmptoous laugh. 44 1 can take caro of myself." Ho lived to a good old ago in spite of Lord Bipley's threat— lived te sco the daughter ho was pledged not to recognise, happily married ; onUivod his erring, but repvutant wife ; and was in tbo end rewarded for his loyalty and lifo-lonir abnegation of self.— 44 Tbo World." 