SECOND PAY. Fortunately for everybody concerned the weather on Friday was much better than on the opening day, and the eunshine illumined the proceedings. A keen wind during the night and early morning bad fortunately dried up much of the mud and slop of the previous day ; but it is high time that the society and iiilo uuvviumcui amveu ifrii Bruits ujuuiuaiuu &a; to whether the ehows are to be continued ia the present grounds or removed to the larger grounds behind the Jubilee Exhibition Build ing. Owing to the rain on Thursday the roads, paths, and footway in the showyards were ankle deep in mire, and the ladies pre sent were placed at great inconvenience and suffered much discomfort, while it was un pleasant enough even to the sterner sex to be wading through the mud. It would be a good relief work for the unemployed to undertake the construction of new yardB in the Jubilee Exhibition Grounds— making the roade and pathways, and preparing the place for the, future removal of the sheds, &c; The con dition of the grounds on Thursday was Bimply a disgrace to Adelaide, and even visitors from the country as well as those from other colonies must have been surprised and disgusted with the condition of the place under foot. Year by year also, as population increases, the necessities of the society in the matter of epace be come more pressing, and tbere was hardly room on the present occasion for 'the spread of canvas needed for the poultry, the carriages, and other exhibit?, and a a year or two hence the implement makers will be demanding more space. Although the horse ring is a fair size in is hardly up to the requirements of the jumpers, and its approaches are much;cramped on the side near the sheds, while another en closure ia needed for tfce horses and convey ances that are waiting to be called into *ha ring. At present they have to mingle with the crowd and startle people with the impression that they ate in danger ot being „,„ mJ All these obieotioua »uiu be obviated and required improvements made if the society is to hold its position as the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society of the colony. While the necessity for immediate improvement is only too appa rent the need of future requirements must also betaken into consideration, and this should determine the society upon makings strenuous effort to get as speedily as possible into the larger grounds adjoining, -where also a more spacious and imnosing structure is waiting use in the Exhibition Building iteelL The atten dance on Eriday was very large, fully 6,000 people being present on the show grounds, and while the jumping events were going on the fence round the ring was lined round and round several people deep, who 'craned over each other's shoulders to get a view of the proceedings, and had to submit to unpleasant 6ve&*6'wfiing. When the new fjroaaas ate obtained thi£ defect will no doubt be remedied by the making of a sloping bank, 'as on the oval, and the erection of feats. His Excellency the Governor attd suite arrived during the afternoon, aud Lord Kintore entered the ring and remained till late in the afternoon, evincing considerable interest in the proceedings, as his lordship is well- known to be not only a good judge of a horse, but also of the etyle in which it should ba ridden. The Premier (the Hon. C. C. Kingston) was also present in the ring Twith. Mrs. Kingston, and theee were the only visitors who were inside the charmed circle besides the officials and compe titors, as the unpleasant duty devolved upon Mr. Paseoe and one or two ether stewards to intimate to several good supporters of the society who desired to foe under the shelter of the big tree, that a strict rule had been made to prevent the invasion of the enclosure. Those who received this intimation had the grace to retire, with the knowledge that the stewards were only carrying out a duty enjoined upon them for the good of the society. Hobses is Action. This section of the show, which is annually increasing in popularity and invariably draws the citizen contingent as well as the country ?visitors, is so well represented on the present occasion that the programme set down for Friday could not be completed. The judges— Meeers. Seth Ferry and Dr. J. A. G. Hamil ton—had an arduous bask before them, which, however, they were fully qualified to under take, but the bill of fare was too big to be got through in tbe time allotted. It would be much better on future occasions if : the judging of turnouts, &o.;, commenced at noon, and the jumping to be started not later than half-past 2. On Friday tbe judging was begun at 2 o'clock, and it was some two hours later ere the jumping was begun, and ' before the ponies had competed over the \- hurdles bundredsof peopiehad left the grounds, and at last darkness intervened, and some ' -classes low on the programme, who had been waiting about since 1 o'clock, had to take their departure without being adjudicated upon. This, as we have stated, was not the fault of the judges, but a defect in detail of arrange ment which rests entirely with the committee. The first to enter the ring, and against whom there was unfortunately no competition, waB Mr. O. Hughes's handsome pair of carriage horses, to whom the first prize was awarded. 3?or a harness pair Mr. W. H. Morrish was first, Mr. E» Barr-Smith's pair not being According to the conditions. Mr. John Hill's old prize-winner Stanley again carried off first honors as a single harness horse, Dr. Hamilton's Prince being second. The turnout of trolly horses and trollies was highly creditable to the firms represented, and Messrs. J. Reid & Sons' pair just beat Mr. D. Reed's Punch and Tiger for first bonors, the latter obtaining the second prize. As a waggonette horse Mr. W. B. Cowan's vrs£ the best and Mr. J. Hill's Stanley second. Dr. Ewbank's harness pair (greys) beat Mr. A. Cunningham's. The single trolly horses were a very good lot, and there was active competition. The prize fell to Captain, of the Adelaide Chemical Works, and second honors to Mr. H. Graves'a representative. Mr. J. G. Burdett, jun., took first for pony pairs and Mrs. L. G. B. White second honors. l)r. Ewbank was again successful, in winning the single buggy horse prize against Mr. C. H. Wilkinson's Dick, who was second. There were not many tandem teams, but those shown were a stylish lot, and Mr. W. J. Thomson landed first honors with Teddy and Spot, Mr. H. D. Young coming second. The best harness pony was Mr. A. J. Barker's creamy, Mr. O. Hughes's crey being second. The big event of the day was the jumping competition amongst the hunters, for which there. were 21 entries, and all but one came to the post. The first prize was £12, the second £8, and the tbird £1, and it was intimated that the com mittee would like the riders to wear hunting coat3 or jockey's colors, and this desire was in the main complied with. Two . or three hunting men, however, pro tested against appearing in scarlet, because it was not in the -conditions, and also because the show ring was not the hunting field, and it was nob advisable for scarlet to be ?worn for .'chew' purposes. This is only a ininar matter, however, in which no doubt the riders will be left to please themselves. It took a considerable time to deal fairly with the 20 different competitors, the majority of whom were jumping remarkably well, but in their final decisions the judges came very close to public opinion when they awarded the first prize to Mr. John Hill's Kaolbara {Mr. Hiil, jun., in the saddle): the second to Mr. D. McKenzie's Motala (MrC Kalli), and the third to Mr. T. H. Murray's Grot. The old prize-winner Jbsepbus jumped as well as any of them, but after calling him up for a final inspection the judges considered that tbe quality and youth of the three selected were before the older horse, and they gave their decision accordingly. This has been, a moot point hitherto 'as to whether the judges were to take quality into consideration, and the judgment given on Friday will no doubt establish a pre cedent. A well-known hunting man who was not impugning the judges' decision said he would prefer to ride Josephus over a few miles of country than any horse in the ring. The judges knew that in Motala they had a horse oefore them who finished second in the Grand Uational Steeplechase, and therefore could not ignore his pretensions, while some of the others who. jumped well enough would not have had the ghost of a show of getting a place in such an event. Mr. Frank Downer was the only rider who had the bad lack to get a fall through his horse liiugfisb. slipping and striking the jump heavily. Both horse and rider came over a purler— the horse ocJhiB back — and it was very lucky that his rider was jus* clear of his heels when he kicked out before'- regaining his feet. Mr. Downer pluckily remounted at once and took the next jump flying, and was rewarded with cheers. .For the jumping prize for ponies sixteen com petitors entered, and the 'first money, £5, was eventually awarded to Mr. E. J. Loehe's bay, ridden by Mr. Ralli ; the second money, £3, to Mr. Kalli'e T^ucy (owner up, and his fourth ride into a place) ; and the third money, £1, to Mr.:W. B. Sells's Topsy- Mr. Allan Baker's Liady 'May just missed a prize through going or? in the first round, but as the hurdles were afterwards lengthened an advantage was given to the competitors who came later. Some of the ponies jumped quite as well as the hordes, and might have taken the big sticks instead of the hurdler It being past C o'clock and dark ness looming the judges decided tiiat the classes lelt on the card should be judged first on Saturday, and at 1 o'clock to-day theee will cater the ring, snd the other portion of the programme will folios'. Dogs. Most of the dogs were out at the recent ex liib:tion of the Dog and Poultry Society, and . the faces of not a few were familiar to show goers. There was, however, a distinct im provement on the show of twelve months ago. According to Mr. J. C. Coupe, the Victorian expert who came over to judge the dogs, there is still plenty of room for improvement in many of the classes. Though Mr. Coupe is fresh from an inspection of tbe best kennels of the old country, hs is mot setting up too high a standard when be says that. He, better than anyone, is aware that tbe mobt celebrated strains of blood in the world runs in the veins of the crack dogs of the old ]and. Here famous eires and sluts are not a'w.tys at the disposal of lovers of the dog, and in building up the growth has of necessity to be somewhat slow. Mr. Kae, another Vic toran expert-, did the judging »; the recent poultry and dog show, and we were not in the least surprised to find that Mr. Coupe has reversed that gentleman's decision in more than one case. At the former exhibition Mr. Kae awarded the iirsb prize in the'rough-coated colhe dogs class to Mr. S. T. Thomas's Rob n de IJoi', who is by Metchley Wonder out of Pepita, and gave him the special also. Mr . Coupe reversed the decision by awarding first honors to Mr. G. Laugfcton'sdog, by Westwood Victor (imp ), out of Aberfeldiu Lassie. Mr Thos.iRoach showed Prince Charlie, who ia out of tbe eamelitteraetheprizSR- inner, which is a Temarkably even collie, but lacking some of the points of Mr. Laughton's exhibit. Although the Williams'a and Edgeeumbe's no longer fight in the show rirg tor honors with St. Bernards two of the aoga bred in their respective kennels' came out to do battle lor the first ticket. TLere was nothing to beat Mr. J. H. WTeIdenh6fer's big rough coated dog at the Poultry Society's show and Air. Kae awarded him the honors. Here however, Don Carlos, a handsome dog owned «f \^' *% ^ Buutt»e, disputed with a poor quality dog among the lot Don Cirios was recently sent to the sister colony ?bnt owing to the sudden illness of tb/oUer be was prevented from showin-r him across the border. The fox terriers were a nice even lot, but Mr. C. H. Angae's doga had a royal march, as they scored in the class for fox .. terrier dogs and bitches and in the punpy division. Mr. Angas'g foxies are remarkably aloe epecimeas of the breed, Mr, W, IJ, Osborne scored with his Irish terrier bitches, the second prize animal being one that he bred himself. In the same class for dogs Messrs. E. N. Colley and W H. Osborne were the only exhibitors, and the former gentleman's dog secured the judge's verdict. Mr. Caleb Peacock has made a speciality of those pretty little dogs, the dachshund, and he had things all his own way. Among the setters Mr. J. P. Williams showed a Gordon bitch with a nice litter. There was only one dog; shown in this class, the animal being Mr. W. Krischock's, which gained the award. In pointers and setters Mr. A. W. Ware was in strong force, and he only met with opposition in the Irish class, but defeated Mr. G. Ayton's exhibit, four shapely greyhounds were on view, and Hr. W. Colyer's dog, who was bred by Mr. Messenger, beat his opponents. The grey hounds, St. Bernards, fox-terriers, and collies were the feature of the show, and next year we hope to see an improvement even in these classes. Miscellaneous. Mr. Fred, lletters, the enterprising maker of patient improved ovens and other modern cooking aprjaratuR, has a marquee to himself near the Exhibition Building, and his collec tion attracts a considerable number of specta tor^ more especially as thesavory aroma of roast joints, of dmelelteB, and dainty fruit patties appeal to the olfactory senses of the spectator. Mr. Metters has now been several years before the public as a maker of his patent ovens, and over 2,300 of these kitchen essentials aie now in use. It is claimed for this oven that it needs only the one fire on top to roast, bake, and boil, and not like the American and others with the fire at the side necessitating a strong draught to carry the heat to the bottom of the stove, therefore burning more fuel than the Metters oven, which can be used outside as well as inside the house, and is equal to bakers* ovens in cooking. No brickwork is needed, and copper boilers can be affixed at the side. The oven can be had with the rapid boiling plates. It needs only half the draught of other stoves. Tbe flues at the eides and round the cooking chamber are all open, the oven getting all the heat before escaping up the chimney. All castings are guaranteed, any part breaking with ordinary care being supplied free of cost, and water can be thrownon the plates without fearof breakage. These are all important features in connection with an oven, and are well appreciated as the great sale testifies. An immense kitchen range is also on view, ueed by a confectioner for cooking dainties in view of the spectators, and this also is self -setting, requiring no brick work, and only uses fuel to the value of 53. or 6s. a week. Cast-iron copper frames for boilers, and steel frames for the same purpose are also on view, and various other novelties which deservedly attract a large amount of attention. During his visit to the show on Friday his Excellency the Governor inspected the asbestos Roods shown by Messrs. Alien, Williams, and Co., and expressed himself very much pleased with the exhibit. Messis. Batchelor and Archibald also expressed their approval of the articles on view. In our report of tbe Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society's show appearing in elsewhere it is stated that the Hornsby open-end binder exhibited at the show is identical with the machine to which the first prize was awarded at the recent field trial of the Royal Agricultural Society of England held at Chester. Messrs. Clutterbuck Brothers have pointed out to us that this is incorrect), 'as the official award of the judges in Eng land declares the open-end binder of the Massey-Harris Company and that of Messrs. Hornsby & Company of equal merit, and the prize-money was accordingly divided.' The secretary of the society informs us that in the Ayrshire dairy cow class Mr. J, Ed mondson was awarded the second prize. The following is the list of prizes awarded on Friday:— Horeee.— Jadpres of saddle and harness torses and hunters— Mr. Seth Ferry and Dr. J. A. G. Hamilton. Carriape pair in private use, tot lees than 1G hands, £5, 0. Hnghes. Harness pair, 15 and under 16 hand', £5, W. fi. Horrish. Single harness horse, 151 hands or over, to be shown in gig or dog-cart, £4, John Bill's Stanley; £2, Dr. A. J. A. Hamilton's Prince. Beet pair trolly horses and trolly, turnout complete, £3, John Reid and Soob; £2, David Eeid. MngJe harness horse, ?5£ hands or over, to be shown in a WAggonette, £4, W. S. Cowan; £2, John Hill Harness pair, 14.1 and under 15 hande, £A, Dr. W. W. Ewbank; £2, A. Onnningham. Best staple trolly horse and tro'ly (turnout complete), £2, Adelaide Chemical Works Company; £1, H. Graves. Pony pair, 13 2 and under 14.1 hands, £3, J. G. Burdett, jun.-, £1, Mrs. L. White. Single buggy horse under 16.2 hands, £3, Dr. W. W. Ewbank ; £1, O. H. Wilkinson. Tandem team not over 14.1 haids, £A, W. J. Thomson; £2, H. O. Young. Bssrj harness pony, 13.2 snd under 14.1 bands, £4, A. J. Barker; £2, O. Hughes. Hunter, to carry IS sfc. over such jaoopa se the com mittee determine, £12, John Hill's Kiulbars; £8, D. McK«nzie'e Motala; £i, I. Hopa Murray's Orut. Jumping prize for ponies 14 1 hands and under, carry Ing not less 8 st. over open hurdles, £5, E. J. Locke ; £3, S. S. Ralli ; £1, W. 6. Sells. Dogs.— Jucfpe — Mr. J. C. Ocupe, Melbourne; steward, Mr. J. Cretwell. Ma^tifi cleg. 10s, Everett sndCj. Newfoundland dor, 10s, A. is. & F. Tolley. St. Bernard rongh-eoated dog, 10 -, R. A, Bohme; E-, 5. a. Weidenboter; «., J. Mailer. St. Bernard rough-coated bicob, 6p, W. Nitecbfce & Oo. St. Bernard smoith-coatsd or rough-coated young do? or bifceb, 10s, B. A. Bobme. Greyhound dog, 10s, W. Colyer; 6b, G. Eogers; v.h.c, W. H. Milford; c, fi. McEwin. Greyhound bitcb, 10s, G. Sogere ; 5s, W. Colyer; v.h.c J. OreswelL Greyhound puppy bitch. 10a, J. Crefwell; 53, V. O. Cheek. Deeihonnd dog, lOe, G. Aytcn. Be=rhound bitcb, 10s G. Ayton. BoaThound dog, £9, Mrs L. G. Eayley White. Pointer dog. 10d, A. W. Ware. Setter, Eng'iib, dog, 103, A. W. Ware, fcettsr, English, bitob, 103, Allan Baker. Setter. Irisb, dog, 10s, A W. Ware. Setter, I.isb, bitch, 10a, G.Aylon; 6b, W. Col yer. Setter, Gordon, do/, 10s, W. Eriscbock. Re triever, bitch, 104, W. B. Brown and CO. Spaniel, field, i doc, 10?, G. Aytou. Spaniel, cocker, dog, Ss. W. Nicschfce&Co.; Spimel, cocker, bitob, 20s, A. Brown. Go lie, rough coated dog, 10?, G. Liuahton, jun. ; t-B, S. 3\. Thomas ; v.h.c,G..LaughtonandCo ; b.c.,T. Eoacb. Collie, roui'h-coa'ed biteh, 10', S T. Thomas; 6s., G. Ixiughtop, jun.; v h.c, G. Iianghton. Collie, lough coale 5 puppy dog, 10s, S. T. Thomas. Ooilie, rough coated pupoy bitch, 10?, C. Peacock. Collie, emooth coited bitch, 108, Allan Baker. Fox-terrier dog, 10a, C H. Angas; 6s, W. It. Brown and Co. Fcx terrier bitcb, 1Gb, C H. Aag»9 ; 6s, C. H. Angas. Fox-ter-ier puppy, dog or bitch, 10s, O. H. Angae ; 6b, O. H. Angas. Dachshund, dogorbitch, 109., C. Peacock Sky tender, dog or bitch, ts, A. E. and F. Tolley. Irish teriier, dug, 10s. R. N. CoUey; 6e, W.H.O£born. Irish temer biteh, 103, W. H. Ofborn ; E0, W. 0. O:born. Boll terrier dog, 103, W. Colyer ; Be, W. II. Osbom. Boll terrier bitch, 108, W. H. Oaboro. Bough coated Ansirali&n; terrier dog, 10s, Geo. Ayton. Bough coat*d Australian terrier bitcb, 10s, Geo. Ayton ; Gs, E. A Bohme. Black-and-tan terrier bitch, 103, W. B. Brown. Pug do/, 10a, V. O. Cheek ; 6s, A. J. Hurray. Pug bitch, 10s, Geo. Ayton ; 6b, V. O. Cheek. Toy terrier, dog or biteh, 10a, J. F. Mellor. Any other variety, dog or bitch, 109, lira. L. O- Bayley White ; fis, Allan Baker; a, Mis. G. B. Write; h.o., W. H. Gray. 