THE STORYTELLER. A BLOCKADE-RUNNER. BY L. L. "No, I can't say that I ever had hut-ope1 exciting trip," replied the lijst inste to ro£. question, as he puffed at?Ills cigar find glaubed aloft unionist the shadows, where yawnipd the dusky hollows: of rigid sails, piling up towards the stars. ; , " it's twentj-five years n o w/'- Ii ccon tinned, "since I first went jto sea, .nnd,with}thst one lexception, all my voj pretty well the same pld recow of gal« ahd calms, with, at internals, tli| Joss of spark or sails to vary, the haven't even been wfrecked. lint, the affair I mentioned hod fun enough, of a sort, to last one right through. I doti't hanker after any more of the suiqe quality, 1 can assure* you." And the chief officer of one of the biggest of the " City " liners luuzhed as he got off the skylight, and took ia look- first into the binnacle and then ! at the sinuous phos phorescent track which the vessel left behind as6he tore along to'the steady hum of the south-eaSttrades. "Ves.if you like, I'll tell-you about it/1 said he, returning to jny side. " It'll help to pass the watch away." And, settling him self comfortably, the jcliief began— "Iwas just out of my time, .andJiAd got througlf my exam, fofr second tnate all right. But I discovered tlioti gcUing'fibiHetas sued) was a very different mutter. Tired at lust of hawking my brand-uew certificate about,I decided to take the first thingthatoffered. I You1 jsee, funds were so lowithfjt jf had to do like many more]just thert-rppeket<tny, dignify. Well, I went up top£w&-hiil aha liudf] look round. 1 /-sl, " ' "The place was full of mep,imflprw|iitly out of tlie ghipping-ipaster's p^e|»hic:the heaviest sea-swell 1 lever cl|hpi^ eyc6 on. Black frock-coat, \fhite \tatstcdat hell A. U.. * . . 1 * ...» 4 S _ _ 4 i--- • -'3 topper, patent leather boots/slate-coloured kid gloves, and, to Crown m), Bo parried a gold-mounted mne, tjnd sj>ottedl.i flowier in his buttonhole. He iwas a *aU,h&ndsQrae; fellow of about six lor Be vwijMtd 'twenty, and the very look of aim seemed -to brighten up the dirty old hole.] yj) "Lighting a cigar, lie gavessharpgiance over the crowd and spoke to®f$wotthem,: whilst the rest stareji with all their Syes at this flashing specimen of a skipper. ^ "Presently, coming to me, he asked toe whether I wanted a ship. . ' ' ;/ ; "Of course I said*I did, end, from mere force i of habit, lagged out my uhsoiled ticket Hut at sight of it^he-shookBis head,* \ 1 r1:-' " l^fp/said he,' foremast]hah^ I i)ront Young and smart, English orfgOf^^Smiff' —Gqfab in ballast rile pouhflsanmttth,attd a lwrais every trip/ And he ey^nmasmuclb as toisay—' You might do wprse, ln spite of tbat|hitof:parclunenv r ; .r. u " fi thought so, anyhow, double those going at the tit had never been In that'wasno matter. month's advance—ncr _ shape of a note, but in gold. " 'It's no use,'- I heard hi snipplng.master as i dame oufiiaa|canTi get the meu I want hens Thre«p|& of those felloes are foreignes, and nm^bthtr pietft Irish.' Very good sailors, I daresay. But they won't suit niC. I miy lw fthla >n plnlrnp « few more at Plymouth or Pentanoe.* " failing a cab, and calling at Green's H°m? for my dunnage, I drove to the South-1 weatiindia docks, where the Tallahassee was i b'ing.; She was a lovely model of a ship for a | _ ^ ..j pisee of the couple of light polesthat served as an j excuse for a fore-and-aft . rig, heavy masts nnd square yards shouldn't spring aloft one would have mode a beautiful brig, I never did like steamers, and, to my fancy, it was simply spoiling such a hull to shove a screw in It, " What struck me as curious was that ] everything—spars, hull, ironwork, and all was painted a dull grey. Capstans and gratings even—things that are invari ably leit 'bright'—bore the same sober hue. Nor was there a scrap ot brass work about her decks. Shine the sun never so hotly, he would find nothing upoji the Tallahassee to strike a reflection oft. The fo'k'sle was fitted up like the skipper—At. Curtains before each bunk, lockers, cup boards, brackets for clothes, ii big brass mounted swing- lamp to burn oil and, if you'll believe me, a life-belt for every man hanging on the bulkhead dividing the port end starboard watches. A staircase with ornamental iron railing led down into this palace—for such it was in those days, and I don't know that it would be easy to beat now. The fo'k'sle was full of seamen, all wondering and examining things. "Nobody knew where 'Guam' was. Bnt everyl»pdy had heard of it as a port of clear ance for ships, whose destination; for some' reason, the owners wished to conceal. , ~ "There, were no old hands bu board,as! sometimes happens, to give newcomers the run of tiie ropes. Presently, however, a fire-, man: came along and told us lie had heard that the skipper owned her; that he bought liling ship, and converted her into her as a sai a steamer. But he knew nothing about Guam. Ail he was certain of was that her engines were the most powerful he had ever seen, and that when they were at their top we should know it. They were big enough, he reckoned, for a ship six times her size, ana ought to drive her—if she'd stand it—a good 17 or 18 knots. " Next morning we steamed slowly dowftf the river. The day was dull, with a lujsty*, rain, and the ship glided through the wateti like a ghost—a grey onp. What strengthenfdf the notion was that no smoke issued flopT the great funnel. They were burning antlit^ cite in the furnaces. •'% "A more suspicious-looking craft, I thought, as I noticed how she sneaked along noiselessly, with the engines scarcely turn ing, and wound around and about the ship ping almost unperceived, never sailed out of the port of London; " In the Channel we overhauled one of the squadron, going the same way as ourselves, and as fast as she could. That we excited her curiosity was clear by the style in which the navy officers piped us from the bridge, and man-o'-warJack fromthefo'k'sle. I expect they wondered what was the business of the long, grey, smokeless Uyer that, with her engines at less than half- speed, passed them as if H.M.S. was lying suugly at anchor. " ' Open their eyes more if they knew what we were after,' I iieard the skipper 6ay to the mate, as they stood beside me on the bridge, I and they laughed. They were brothers these two, and as much alike as twins. Passing all the more important towns, we presently sneaked into a little place called Fowey, and there shipped four' more hamis, making our complement up to 20, all A.B.'s. " What a steamer of some 800. tons or so £ed with such a crowd rather puzzled us. e was nothing to be learned aft :kree engineers were as big swells as r aud his two mates, the second of been cliiet of a P. and O. boat, was on old man-o'-wor's man; and 'as wax. There were no boys to (1 carry yarns; andthe cooks and wire apparently as wise ns our selves. There Was a notion for'ard that we were bound for the Sontli Seas on a kid napping expedition; and, I fancy, if tliey had got -the chance, some of they crew would have Slipped her at Fowey. " However, early next day, with the Cornishjand closeaboaVd.a fine smooth sea, and lbits Of red-sailed trawlers aroundus, the bo'suh'spipe was heard calling all hands to muster; S? *; • ' " The skipper and his mates were on tlic qnarfcer-deck, and when we were all ranged up the former snid, ' Now, my lads, I've thoughtic best, before going any farther, to .... Theil> let yon know the purpose of this trip, if any man doesn t like it, I'll pay his passage ashore in one of those smacks, and give him a couple of pounds to carry him to London, On the other hand, those who stay will get a bonus of £3 per head per month, bringing the wages up to £8. • " ' Well,' he continued,' we're going to try and run the blockade into a Southern port with, arms and ammunition for theCoii federate Government. I don't say that there won't he some danger in the undertaking. Doubtless there will be. And that's the reason why I wisli no man to go into it blindfold^. I might, of coarse, have told you before, but at the risk of the secret leaking out, and having the ship stopped. Now'the men for the shore will please walk over to port.' : " For a few minntes tliere was a dead sileiibe. We were all young able fellows, and there wasn't a married -man...amongst us. Noirie! knew pr«ii«ely>wj>(it bloqki»dc-running meant, nor what* risks were attachcd to the process, noy did anyone apparehtfjf fhel in clined to iigjuire „ V- I "The niafily way in which the skipper spoke, and t]ia handsome features'apd'eom jnanding presence of himself and his brother, added to the kind and considerate treatment already experienced on* board the Talla hassee, were, however, not without effect, and pot a soul stirred. \- *' And presently somebody, taking off his OQPi called for three cheers for Captain War rington. These were given heartily, and another round for his brother. Whereupon, looking pleased, the skipper thanked us, hoped we might hare a lucky ran, and called the steward to spliee the mainbrace. . "As time went on weleariied a little more. Both tbe /captain and his brother were natives of the Southern States---how at deadly feud with the North. Both hkd been bred to tiie sea; and held commissions in the Federal navy, end both at the first outbreak hi hos|iUri»»rbad given Uncle Sam beat. Ahd jis-Ihst ^hen the Confederacy had no ships worth mentioning, they thought they could best serve its interests by purchasing and equipping the Tallahassee. ^And/gopd Lord, how that grey witch of a oyer die 3,000 odd mijcs of Np^®Jai^cl>etwren tlie Lizards and Cat C^itv theldtdi^maa, which, it appeared, was " They sent her, and no mistake! It was like being on an express traingoing fifty miles an hour on the narrow gauge. Snivering and creaking in every timber and iron of her composite body, with the big engines thun dertnt" 'fiW'ay"'night' atid day, they drove her through weatlier that would have forced w. battfe-ship to lie-to.,, With fvfjyliliing securely lashed and battened, and life-lines fore and aft her iiush deck, sire cut through the water, half the time nearly under it, so to speak. "At Cat Cay' we found a regular depdt full jpf-cargooedTuel waiting Tor ns.- * ■ "Throwing our ballast overboard, we re Elaced it with cases of rifles, swords, ayonets, and some big guns. " On top of these again we stacked bund reds of kegs of powder and. i boxes of cartridges, until the Tallahassee sat pretty low in the water, and the engineers expressed themselves satisfied that the engineswouldn't' race,' as they had done at times coming out. * I never heard for certain where all the, staff came from, hut there was a lump of a cargo-steamer arrived with a fresh supply as we left, and they said she was from Ber muda. "Our destination wsb a place at the mouth of the Altameha ttivtr—I forget its name just now—so we steamed cautiohsly north about, hold and bankers alike full, knowing that Federal cruisenrwere keeping a sharp look-out for just such customers as the Talla hassee. •' Sure enough, the. night we made the land we also sighted fout men-o'-wat cruis ing off the very harbour we wanted to get into, and almost as ife they had knowu we were coming. . -r "However, the skipper seemed rather pleased than otherwise. He was one of those people wlio feel quite vexed if they put a job through all plamandeasy and without any bother. " The blockaders never noticed the grey speck'away in the oiling, and at sundown we sneaked slowly In at about tlie rate of a snail's gallop. It was pitch dark—not a star even. The leadsman gave the depths in a whisper, and peoplerrpd softly, mindful that a wanderingsnelf might send us all to king dom come. Every light was dowsed, and even the ship's brllfl wnrr mjifflrd in old socks. Wewered»rinMft&mnbMjse; in a small way whw^lpifaaUe-HhMrtgrtaeant. Creating along tmtOUgh a regular! lan's holiday, and mafchig^much noise as an eel, with all h anasohdecgnu^reyQSJctnpeh jinrl yre got a can't/say oona thers; it was'too nark . kj'lumpftf a good foot [high, and my hehrt felt as'if it-was in my ! nm^iy^PUod(I|iy}ifrom above us came a bUgy #$1®^ anil low, followed by a slight mltie of aims. ,/ / " Tiiis^vas fqjtowd by the sound of voices, So nfari- ftj^Mtrrany, that we might have touch e"d the «p£ake rs. " ' Astern easy!" signalled our skipper to the engine-room. But it was too late. In another second our jibboom caught something on the other vessel and tore it away with a crash. " * Ship ahoy ! What ship's that ? Where the devil are you coming tohailed a sharp stem voice, and there was a sudden rush of light from a dozen lanterns on the rail of a big double-funnelled steamer, whose sides towered like, black cliffs over those of the Tallahassee's. " Without a moment's hesitation, out skipper sung out, at'tlie same time touching the hell for fall spped ahead! ' Federal war ship Mohican 1" " At this there was a laugh on the other vessel, and the some voice replied, ' If you don't stop FU blow you out of the water!' " But by this tlie Tallahassee was a quarter of a mile away, and there was no answer. „ " ' Lie down, fore and aft! flat! men, flat!' all at once shouted ourskipper. " Before we ha<h#bne to fully catch bis meaning the darkness -seemed to be rent by a roaring, blazing volcano, and a regular squall of shot hammed and whistled about our ears. Then there was & crash of falling spats, and I expected every minute to find myself in the water, or in bits travelling skyward. But luckily we were too far ahead to receive Hie full benefit of tliebroadside. " As it was/only two or three hit as, taking onr mizzen-mastcleftnpff, going through the bulwarks, andwonmUng one of the Fowey men withjasplih^^ " They did notfir£:ftgain, butas westopped deadiwe heard churning of paddle wheels, and paw fight signals made to her cbiisorisd^Hiesliiplvhose patrolling we had disturbed. •• " was only skin-deep, but it hl(d di^ pne»VBlock, and-we began to wonder seriduaiy, if^this was blockade-run ning, what real Wartprewould be like. " 4 lliat was thett^Ware, Harvey,' I heard the skipj^^ bp%is: brother, as they stood j and watched as pan! the wreckage inboard. * i knew oldCodperiavoicc at once. Tliere'll be no gettim^^iuagh ^to night. They'll | cove at Hie5^ck^t®peeu Isldnd,\vhere our 1 fishing the dlddtys.' dark again?- Se^^^^ tliej^godimi uding to the blocfcide^,; J®^^^e-sleammg about, burning flare-ups thai; iliuminuteu the whole entrance to the river'rf- ttiouth. " Harvey Warrington now conned the Tallahassee so nicely that, at daybreak, we crept gently between banks of low rocks into a miniature harbour on one of the many islets that lay thidklf4thereabout. There was just enough room rot turn ; and rounding a ; point that shut us ilSf-we dropped anchor off a beautiful sundydaSpch in ten fathoms of water. From theMiick underbrush with which little island covered, we watched the men-o'-war pottering aliout, sometimes well out to sea, at offifers so close that if we had not cut away foremast, they must have seen it sticking pp over the scrub. The whole day they wohld keep at this game. Then at nights ljamr again to tlie entrance, patrolling auil bjhiiiqg llare-ups at inter vals.- ' \ . " J began to think that we were in rather a tighttijs, joiid l fmicy -pur officers tliought so too, forthey tookedgliimly enough across the long four mllesfcf 'sea that lay between us and tlie mainland.^; "Doubtless, they could have got our cargo place. But, as I gfttiier^ti^erie was. this precise time, an an ai^||n;pie^^RhboDrhoo(l waiting im patienriydfot dar-aimval. It was, you see, in the eari£||JOrtiop of the great fight, and I exjKct, ipm^menwere plentiful, arms and ^ ' oOntfaued my companion as, rising^ hepooj^dsx^ttie clock, struck four too, " " At lakL^v^ie^itd morning, we saw the two Wat^Sjhjns Walking quickly down to thethem as usual at the TTheys^^^^neiry jolIv and pleased as we! pulledEvidently they had got ] hold of some^ierike." . " Presently the port-watch, with all the ,profits, and evhry juxe and tomahawk in thej ship, was ordered ashore. Then the second - mate got ids instructions, and we riggeifun the two masts fore-and aft, and level With 1 the top of Hie funnel, ridge-pole fashion. \ ] "On this we Iwdall the spare spats, like j rafters, lettingihembverlap the ships ran. "By the time we had tlie Tallahassee roofed in, as4t ;were, back came jtlie three j boats, full of creifh bushes, young nines, and long reeds; wbtit on earth the skipper was turning his ship;into a big arbour for we -—But in an hour or.so. when von couldn't tell the steamer from the shore, we began, to see his dodge. Between us nnd the main were plenty of hummocks not much larger than the Talla hassee, arid scrubby from top to bottom. " Late that night we finished our ' decora tions,' as the skipper called them. "The weight was considerable, but we'd trimmed her so well that there wasn't the shadow of n list. And in five minutes, by a simple contrivance of tackles and a few blows from n sharp axe, the whole affair could be shunted overboard, leaving only the bare decks, smokestack, and bridge. "' We're going out for a picnic in the morning, boys,' said the skipper, laughing. If they won't let ns in by dark, we must e'en 1 try them by daylight. Besides, to-moirow 'is the Fourth of July, aud Uncle Sam will be glad of some garlands to dress liis ships with.' "The morning broke wet and misty, but calm; nnd as soon as it was light we moved out -so slowly that we scarcely seemed to move at all. " Nearly abreast of ns, looking like thicker blobs of haze til rough the drizzle, were the war-ships. Three were well out. But one kept sentry-go. right in our course. To avoid running ashore we should have to pass within a quarter of a mile of her. "I can tell you that, once in the open, it was pretty ticklish work, and enough to make a man bite his fingers from the slow waiting of it, as we stood peering through the leaves, with the steamer* lying quite still for minutes together in her character of island. It was miserable, bleak, cheerless weather, and presumably a holiday on board the blockaders. _ Perhaps this was the reason that none of their look-outs spotted the freak of nature dawdling insensibly along towards the mouth of the river. " At any rate, none did ; and, at length, we left the three outsiders fairly astern. " " But there were no more islands to keep us iu countenance, they, too, were behind us. "A couple of miles of clear water and that one battle-sliip, growing every minute more distinct, between us ana safety! "And still we continued to drift imper ceptibly down upon her. "She was nearly motionless, and I remem ber thinking-she was like a great cat, half asleep, and blinking lazily, whilst a mouse watches for a chance to get past " Presently we were close enough to make out the figures in their long oilskin coats on her bridge. It seemed almost impossible for us—island or no island—to go much further without being noticed. " But we did. " We actually passed her, drawing our breaths shortly; every ounce of steam on, engineers expecting the word to go ; men at the lifta and guy-ropes ready to throw off our green disguise, and thirty pairs of eyes glaring at iter without daring to wink. " And when at the end of a week (as it almost seemed) we left her away on the port quarter, the long sigh of relief the men gave made the leaves rustle again. She was a big, brig-rigged, clumsy-looking lump, and would have Ixithered us not a hit hut for the long tier of guns whose black muzzles we hod seen poking grimly through their ports. " But, as I said, we left her dozing in the slopping drizzle, and drifted along until we opened the harbour and make cocksure of getting in, altogether unperceived. " Indeed, I had just made a remark to this effect, and the men were beginning to tike their eyes off her and yam, when up from her stuck pu ffeff a„jthick.. black cloud as she moved ^Inauspicious at Over-^^h'it'f'roDredittics^jSjit, waving hishancU to the chaps at the gays. Then, into the ^eqgin^rbom.f -* Throw 1i6r wide open, lads, and -then Ibt lift rip.{' /Ih lessT time tluinil takes to tell you aboqt pfc, bushes, spars. andTeeds, were -in tjie aaoer, and the T all anassee racing-rbohnding,'b^j i ngo! —over it I believe, the other fellows were at first too much astonished at such a transformation to do anything but stare. " But they soon recovered, and sent their whole broadside after us. And they hit us too—peppered us all over this time. " Ana, presently, .. as if this wasn't enough, up waddled the rest of 'em, and started to tlirowshel)3, which burst ahead and all around us, filling every coiner with chips and splinters and whizzing iron. In a minute men were bing about ail over the deck, doubled up and groaning, whilst Tight in the middle of the infernal hurly-burly stood the skipper and his brother, smoking, and watching from the bridge, and sending orders to the engineers, who, to judge by the way the boat shook and jumped, were already doing their best to blow us all up. We knewthat there was a fort some where up the harbour, . jfiftit was a mile j et to the eiitranoei And hotni^g scemed more certain than* that the fire'Fropilthe four ships wouldsdo for qs before we could get in. " Although the water all "around ivas white with the rain of "shot" and * bursting shell, as jet the'-Tallahassee had been Jilt in no vital part. Low, and -grey, and lint, .And scooting like a dolphin, she Wasn't an-eOsy target. "' We'll surely go in a minute or two, either up or down,' I said to myself, as I crept for'urd on hands aad knees, over dead nnd wounded, and through pools of still warm blood. But I must have that new ticket of mine out of my chest It gave me trouble enough to get, and I'll carry it with me. There may be just a chance j-et'" " That's what I said, or thought, anyhow, as I made for the fo'ks'le hatchway. You sec, I ws3 as proud of that second mate's certificate as a dog with a tin tail, oraman with a pretty wife at a public tabic whilst the honeymoon's on, and it wregfe'fc^WilSart to think of its being spoiled with saltwater. " Crawling slowly alphg, l suddenly heard the skipper ahd;Wj§ others on the- bridge: cheering asloudas they could shout Then came a tremendous explosion on burport bow, ; that8ecmed tq deaden aud belittle all the rest of the tow. J^ting myhead, and peep? ing over the rail, I saw wcurious craft cominc lull split from-lhehiqj^pk/ ■ : ■ J m 1 " But for her smokestack and a couple of hound towers, she was-nearly level with the Uwater. \ ■ " It was a monitor, one of Ericson's .first, and her great guns toured again and again like peals ot the loudest' thunder ah Bhe hurried up to take a hand in the came. " But the wooden ships didtftWiit TNy took to their heels like mad When they saw what it was ; and that funny little iron pot mauled them jhioely before they got ont of range. "They toldnsoftepwiKlB, that threedays ago they had attacked and sunk the Mohican —the ship we tried to pass oursHves off as. " No wonder tiie*De5wwaMHitdh&BtMtd; on ceremony with us When' we fouled her in the dark! „ "However, thanks to the Decatur, with iter thick hide and 8-inch guns, we got our boat into port in one piece. ^ " Bufc hesideB^a dtraen or so of ushsdiy wounded, there were five who had run the lastflreat blockade of ail. Top last Kreat nioctode of all. " No.I never tackled apy more of it. To close nnindtatiop-of the teal thing for me! r " Hi,' there, ;w>u little scamp to lee'ard 1 Asleep again fltouBe up and sec if it isn't eicUtbeya1yet.'i \- V ; 