Hail Subsidies. 'The various Australasian governments are asked to subsidise a monthly mail service 'between Sydney and Vancouver via Hono lulu, to be undertaken by the steamers of Messrs. Huddakt. Parker and Com pany. The agreement is to be in concert with Canada. On condition that this part of the world will find £20.000 per annum Canada will find another £20,000, and then, if another £5000 can be found, a sum that may be forthcoming from the British Government, two 14 knot steamers will be put on. These steamers will, at that speed, reach Vancouver in 21 days, i ?which is leas than the time now con- j sumed in going to San Francisco. The j steamers would for more money be capable j of a speedier run. All these things are explained in a letter which. Mr. James Htjddaet- has addressed to Sir Geobge Dibbs. Mr. Htjddaet shows that the speed for mails on his proposed route would »equal the average time on the Suez Canal route j that the speed can be in creased j that the Vancouver route does not involve passage through extreme heat; that it is not exposed to stoppage by a European or Eastern war ; that it is more instructive, more healthy, and less weari some, and that it may open up a . large trade both with Canada and the States. On the subject of trade Mr. Htodart sums up thus : Here, then, in the Canadian imports of sugar, ?wool, tobacco, hides, wine, tin, molasses, provi sions, and fruit, there seems to be a tempting opening' for Australian enterprise. On the other hand, Canada can send us lumber, fish, agricul tural machinery, and many of the goods we now get almost exclusively from the United States. With cold storage in the ships, we could import at cheap rates, fresh salmon from British Columbia, where the supply now far exceeds the demand. It is a significant circumstance that Canada ia convinced, that she can trade profitably with us, and cordially invitee us to try the experiment. We should be dealing not only with an energetic and industrious, thrifty, and shrewd British popu lation, numbering over 5,000,000, but with a population already friendly and commercially dis posed. Possibly, in the future, a reciprocal tariff might be arranged between the two countries.. Mr. Httddaet, in short, eajs everything for bis favored route that can be said. He appears to prove its advantages. He cer tainly proves that it is worth trying as a good commercial speculation without sub sidy. If weare notmistaken the country will object to paying a subsidy, particularly now -while things are depressed, while there exists a mail route as quick as the 'proposed .Vancouver one, and while pay ments are still being made to the liae of ? steamers running to San Francisco, the route of whict is almost parallel with that r V^--'- ?-;:^,'AiQ;''.C' Y '. -?'- '' -r-' ':.'??''??' ' ??' -JThe Premier Has come into -eollia^p with the Speafeer in a -rather ludicirdiall manner, °:iSw :.-0je«^ejBiave 'his ** kind j^ermisBion '? for £n exhibition of rabbit Idlling to be held in jftarliament House grounds on the 11th iafltant. But the hon. gentleman in this cfimh&d; reckoned without his host. ; Se cyidenfcly forgot that the Spejs&er;, and not the Premier, has legal control ovjpr; .' tte parliamentary grounds. v ' Sir Joseph Abbott was really the proper f^ctioaary .?:.!#:_ be consulted in «uch aft ^matter 5 . : i v,-esifi ^eVd*3i^^md^^^tini'^ipiict- the littLe A. cablegram informs us that the situa-?i tion in Servia is serious, that the Liberals have failed to secure a -majority in the Skuptschina (i.eM local Parliament), but relying on the army are determined to continue in * power, and that the condition of the country borders upon anarchy. At first Bight nothing could appear more un interesting ; but it is neeessary to remem ber that this part of the '- world is the ponder magazine of Europe. In 1875, when an insurrection broke out in the neighboring, province of Herzegovina, most people had to look on the map to see where Herzegovina was. But it did not take long for the place to become famous. The fire kindled in Her zogovina, spread to Bosnia, thence to Servia and Montenegro, ultimately brought on tbe Russo-Turkish war, and was within an ace of involving all Europe and the British possessions . all over the world. That Servia borders upon anarchy would be in no wise important in itself if th,e country did not also border upon Austria. Such acute anarchy as would be implied by so called Liberals endeavoring to establish a military despotism, despite so called Radicals, would probably involve foreign intervention, and, when it is remembered that th* so called Radicals are intermittently allied with Russia, the whole seriousness of the situation becomes apparent., Russia can hardly b© expected to stand Austrian influence being extended. east from Bosnia to Servia, and it is vital to Austria to prevent Russia getting to the southward of her in the same region. Here lies the danger. President Cleveland has insisted on reparation beiag made by Turkey, in conse quence of the destruction of the American Mission Station in Asia Minor bj Turks. It is many a day since the stars and stripea last happened to be displayed in angry defiance of the Crescent, and then, too, the quarrel was not between, the American Government and that of -which, the commander of the faithful himself is supposed to be the head, but with that smaller though exceedingly mischievous Mahometan power which, well down through the first quarter of the cen tury, used to be the pest of traders in the neighborhood of what, par excellence, was known as ' the Straits.' It was, in fact, the piratical Dey of Algiers whom tho Americans, just at the beginning of the century, felt it necessary to call to order ; and for that purpose .dispatched a squadron to his stronghold. Tho old '« foc'sle yarn ' of tie sailor and his supposed defunct shipmate is not an un familiar one. Poor Jack, after a hot action, was one of the many who were ' laid out ' in the cockpit and declared to have given up the ? ghost. SaiiS ceremony they w*re being flung overboard. But the par ticular corpse revived, and the exclama tion, ' Mold nard, I'm not dead yet,' stopped the hands of those who were giving Mm *'a passage.' 'Why you swab you don't mean to say that you know better than the j doctor ' was the sympathetic reply. With I respect to the rumored poisoning of the j free laborers at Hull, it would, how- j ever, appear that such, a sinister ! impression prevails in defiance even of the : actual evidence of ** the doctor.' Probably j the doctor is right, and the men who came J under his hands for treatment may have j been affected merely in. some ordinary j way. But at all events the circumstance j shows but too clearly the terrible bus- j picions which have been engendered j through those undoubted crimes which have recently come to light in connection with strikes on the other side of the Atlantic, and the extent to which they have pre judiced the cause of labor all over the world. It is nothing new to learn that temper ance folk can be very intemperate in their conduct at times. '?* Drunk ' would cer tainly strike one as the naturally accom panying adjective to the ' disorderly '* proceedings on the part of the teetotalers at Trafalgar Square. They broke up a meeting in opposition to the Local Veto Bill, and tore the banners. How teetotal beverages could thus apparently have so ' inflamed their noble livers and made them rage ' is really something in the nature of a conundrum. Mr. Gladstone's speech in moving the second reading of the Home Rule Bill evoked, one reads, little interest ; there were only 200 . members of the House of Commons present, and but few strangers in the galleries. -Of course the great speech was . made ia introducing the bill, but this ' extreme lack of interest. seems incomprehensible, either on the supposition that the measure is popular or that it is violently hated!. There has been plenty of criticism -on the bill to which the Premier might have been expected to reply, and though he, we are told, avoided doing so members and the public can hardly have been afrare beforehand of his intended abstention front controversy. : For instance there was, perhaps not the criticism, xather the veiled denunciation, pronounced by Lord Wolselpy eome time ago, as the telegrams advised, a denunciation that is :ndw confirmed by the British papers. Says the latest number of the Ttmks j ust received, in a dispatch, 'from Dublin— -? ?.? -.:??? ?' -??;?- ^u;. ? '?..' ?????-???? - ?'.--.. .' I^rdWolBeiey presided «n^na^y at a military .lecture on the imericam^iv^;W*r^ MaCTire,of London, xndfr i*5ppor1a^.liw remarks sai&thattheNorth;^l^ r It was fighting Jor the Union, aSS^uoh empires as the '^ni|^a.'^taatj^Baaaid aa'^mgg:' mi^t -;^Ii^mt«i wed jat ;4lffiwffift«'- TheseaemMkB^dted^^t cheering fe^*i?^ :Y:, :[J^ ^:'[ This -was -an utterance that 3nay be niadeto tgto an innocent interpretation ; ; 'but; the circumstance* in which it was made, the ?iadioate^ state of ieftttag:^^ be safely ignored. jQae wpnl«| ^ay^ thoiigfet that if at suck a time critical objections could be explained away it would be urgent to explain. . ^ . ; Mormonism has been regarded by most people of late as a decaying superstition. At least such has been the general im pression of those - whose knowledge of the believers in the gospel according to Joe Smith has mainly beea derived from hearsay. The intimation, however, that a ? Mormon temple 'which took forty , years to build, has just been finished suggests somewhat different speculations as to the probable vitality of Mormonism. No axe was heard, no ponderous hammer rung, ' Like some tail palm the mighty fabric sprang. Such were among the miraculous circum stances attending the building of Solomon's Temple,- as we are reminded iu Bishop Heber's well-known couplet, the only one, by the bye, from his once famous poem of Palestine, which still lives. But with respect to the Mormon Temple it. is to be imagined that, if all reports of the later history of Mormonism be correct, the erection of the edifice must have involved at least a good deal of 'axe grinding' in connection with the powers that be. 