NAKED FOR FIVE BMINUTES. U' A MULLERRK " ToEE. Have you t'er heard of a 'orrible tale of the sea has your hair stood on end as your scalp has been "'taken off" in the t frightful adventures recounted amid the I blacks of Croagingeralong I or have your teeth chattered, and your face blanched as you have seen the ghost in the yarn rise right before you, and take the shortest cut to embrace you? have you ever felt I these sensations? If you have, here is a shocker that will eclipse any of them, and leave you in a fit as one dead. Time.-Lively, but to be more exact ay say about 11 a.m. Locality.-River aide, lovely spot, ro mantic, &c.;, &c.; Actors.-A party of old boys in camp. ACT 1. Old boys enjoying scenery, with smioke and fire from the "crater." Photo. I grapher shooting light and shade alter nately, river rippling, trees jest moving, sky blue, everything else in keeping-in the well-filled basket. a ACT II. Ifi the midst dl smoke and laughter, a venerable old man appears, and solemnly lifting his hand, and pointing across the river, he slowly-- meditatively-esys "Young men, (pause) on that side of the river, yonder, is a deserted house, (coughs) and a deserted garden (quickening his speed) in it, with plenty of mulberries, (two "young men" arose from their husks) and if you like to go over you can have as many as you please." Cheers, and duet was laid on the air. ACT III. The curtain rises on the same scene as in act 1. Two forms presently emerge from the thick undergrowth, destitute of every vestige of covering, not even a boxer. Each in hand has a tin william-with head erect and easy mien, except for the sharp sticks, &c.;, which tickle up their bare feet, and cause them to corrobboree a bit; they go onward and inward into the river. William in mouth, they strike out and battle the current, reaching easily .the opposite bank. Like little Allright, they turn round and bow their acknowledg ments to those in the distance, their only covering the billy, which they use to the beat advantage. ACLT V. Garden scede.-Splendid trees, rich fruit, tranquillity reigns, Eden with two Adams, not an Eve in sight. With grace ful strides and careless air the pair wander up and down the garden and enjos its pleasures. Coming at length to the mul berry trees, which stand near the long disneed main gate, they mount the trees and begin to fill their vessels. Time is of no value, leisure takes its place, and as a consequence the ripest fruit suffers. Everything is still, everything is jolly, and up a tree is fuD. ACT V. Three hundred yards from the deserted cot, a party of eight ladies and two gentle men in a large carry-all approach. The road is dusty, the waggon moves slowly and noiselessly, the occupants drinking in the beauties around. Onward they come reaching the gate, and entering the garden just beside the mulberry trees, they pick up the fruit which has been lnock'ed down, and stain their pretty lips. They laugh, and talk, and run here and there in a delirium of delight. They have come to stay for the day, and proceed to lay the cloth, &c.; Their gentlemen friends meanwhile have reached the old house, and calling the ladies to see some of its antiquities, they for a few moments leave the snowy cloth and its companions and scamper off to inspect the ruins. ALT 'I. The mulberry trees move, the fruit falls -toes, then feet, then legs, &c.;, &e.; slowly descend, and in a moment two forms well doubled up, and with as much in the billies as possible, make with fearful haste for the river. Plunging in, they soon reach "home" amid a cyclone of the wild est laughter, which brings out the ladies and their friends, but they are too late; ended for ever is that exciting and thrilling tableau of five awful minutes up a mul berry tree with nothing on but a billy. 