THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. Mr. Fitzgibbon's first work since his return from England has been to galvanise the dead bones of his favourite theory into something like life. In London he had the opportunity of seeing the great exemplar for our own Board of Works—the London County Council—and the sight seems to have thrilled him with admiration. Hence the resurrection of his long-buried idea that party government should be done away with, and that Parliament should be constituted on the lines made familiar in the Melbourne City Council and improved upon in the Metropolitan Board of Works. Finance, customs, education—all the various branches of government—would be entrusted to the care of separate committees, and at the head of all as a sort of special Providence, at a handsome salary, should be set some gentle- man of known ability and stately mien— such a one, in short, as Mr. Fitzgibbon him- self. "Go to the municipalities for wisdom, O legislators," cries Mr. Fitzgibbon and the 39 members of the board—the "forty stripes save one" of municipal pettifoggers— re-echo the cry. And really at the present political crisis Mr. Patterson would be all the better for the advice and assistance of Coun- cillor Tarver or for a few words of friendly counsel from Councillor Storey. It certainly would teach us to hear our troubles with a pleasant face if the Assembly were to be re- constituted into a larger Board of Works. We should no longer despise Parliament. We should treat the whole affair as a joke. Greatness has been thrust upon Mr. Salmon after all, in spite of himself, for Port Melbourne has been declared a town in defiance of the evidence of one's senses, and on Monday next His Excellency the Governor is to drive down in state, and make the formal proclamation. The occasion is to be celebrated on a scale of great magnificence, suitable to the dignity of a great seaport which can afford to look down upon your pettifogging up-country municipalities. There will be much bunting and a good deal of beer and the local member, mayor, and coun- cillor will congratulate each other effusively upon the artistic beauty of Fisherman's Bend, the commercial importance of Bay- street and the rise and progress of the dis- trict generally under their own beneficent régime. When the lamps in front of the publichouses shine on fair women and brave men when the music of the concertina arises with its voluptuous swell and when soft eyes on the railway pier look love to eyes which speak again—in fact when the general rejoicing over the happy event are in the full blaze of their splendour, the obscurity that enfolds hapless, deserted Williamstown will be only deepened by the contrast. Its natural enemy has taken away the mail boats already, and now it is claiming all the public atten- tion that is the birthright of the elder brother. But, after all, what can one expect for a constituency whose Parliamentary representative votes against the Government on every want of confidence motion which they defeat throughout the session and gives in his adherence to Ministers only when it is morally certain that they will be beaten? As Chautauqua, we are informed, is to be- come a settled institution in this colony, it will not improbably progress in due course from the tent and camp- oven stage to that of weatherboards and time-payment furniture. When that comes about there will doubtless be a Chautauqua hostelry established in the Grampians in view of which it would be well for the promoters to study carefully the prospects of the Christian Endeavour Hotel about to be founded at Chicago in connection with the World's Fair. This is described as "a notable enterprise" of business men animated by a Christian purpose, and seems, indeed, to combine Christian endeavour with high charges in very successful proportions. There are to be sea bathing and sermons, music by a Christian Endeavour orchestra in the even- ings, and all the waitresses and chambermaids of the establishment are to be chosen from the ranks of the Christian "Endeavourers." If, therefore, they are induced to "salute the brethren" on the staircase or elsewhere it will be purely in the spirit of the early church. There is one matter of detail, however, concerning the Christian Endeavour Hotel over which an English journal—the Satur- day Review—puzzles anxiously. The majority of the rooms, according to the prospectus, are to be called B rooms, "and will contain a double spring bed (charge two dollars). Larger rooms are labelled C, and have in addition to the accommodation of B rooms a single bed also (charge three dollars). As to the meaning and mission ot C rooms, the critic flatly declines to speculate — perhaps rightly, for it is incredible that the disciples of Joseph Smith could obtain admission to the ranks of the Christian Endenvourers. Still there remains much that is perplexing. No mention what- ever is made of any A rooms at one dollar, yet it is stated that the hotel will be one to which "a young woman can go alone, with- out other protector than her own common sense and Christian principle." Why, how- ever should she be expected to locate herself in B, or, worse still, in C, instead of in an apartment at once less expensive and more suitable for a young person so delicately circumstanced. It requires, as the reviewer truthfully observes, a good deal of Christian Endeavour to account for the apparent absence of A rooms. The serpentine dance seems to possess the fatal quality of setting "the profession" by the ears. It commenced its career in Mel- bourne with weeping and wailing and gnash- ing of teeth, and now the whole city is to be set by the ears with a new theatrical scandal, all arising out of the same fascinating whirl. In due course we shall hear through the tedium of the law courts exactly what the gentleman said to the lady and what the lady said to the gentleman, and what the other gentleman did to the other gentleman, and so on, and soon, till one gets weary of the damnable iteration. But it is an extra- ordinary thing that the artistic nature should possess such an extra quantity of envy, jealousy, and malice. Every musician, it has been said, hates every other musician, and in an intensified degree every actor seems to regard every other actor as a person whose whole existence is devoted to mono- polising the attention of the public at the expense of his brother artists. Watch an extra lady as she walks down the stage in any theatrical spectacle. For one brief moment she passes in front of the footlights, and in that brief space her whole being is concentrated on securing the attention of the audience. The battery of facial artillery that a back-row girl can discharge in three seconds is simply astounding, and the last glance shows her with her head screwed round almost to dislocation point and her eye regretfully dwelling on the audience. Truly, there are some things about the artistic nature that it is hard to understand, unless on the theory that humanity is divided into two classes—the artist and the general public —and that one class has all the art, and the other all the virtue. Dr. Youl has just successfully celebrated his golden wedding—in other words, he has completed his ten thousandth inquest—and though the town has not been illuminated nor the Morgue tastefully decorated with pot plants and Chinese lanterns in honour of the occasion the city coroner has at least been able to secure a niche in that West- minster abbey of journalism—the evening paper. For the moderate outlay of one penny current coin of the realm one may read Dr. Youl's views on such varied subjects as the foundling hospital, the imitative faculty of the suicide, and the extraordinary ten- dency of habitual drunkards to avoid the eating of bread at public banquets. All these are topics about which just at the present moment the great heart of the public is palpitating for information; but one cannot help feeling that on an occasion of pure festivity such as Dr. Youl's tercentenary a lighter and more jovial note might have been struck. What we did expect was a little humorous something in the way of a monologue on murders diversi- fied, perhaps, with a few jovial remarks on the shilling razor from a suicide's point of view, or possibly an interesting dissertation on marasmus as an infantile complaint. Considering that Dr. Youl has in his official career made himself familiar with ten thou- sand subjects, and that he must necessarily have breathed ten thousand strictly confi- dential communications in the ear of the reporters—all of which regularly appeared under the heading "Dr. Youl Speaks Out"— the celebration address is, to say the least, a little disappointing. There are many ways in which the city coroner might have done the thing better. He might with advantage have seized the opportunity to combat the prevalent idea that ability to float down stream on the broad bosom of the Yarra is the sole passport to Constable Davidson's hospitable walls. It is, doubtless, a popular fallacy, but none the less true, that many estimable gentlemen have deliberately walked over into the district coroner's boundaries from simple distaste to the exclusiveness which is sup- posed to characterise the domestic circle at the Morgue. To a gentleman with demo- cratic tendencies the idea of a marble slab is repulsive, and the thought of pure water an offence. How much better would it have been to indite a few friendly invitations couched in some such language as this:—"The city coroner on the occasion of his ten thousandth celebration has the honour to invite Mr. and Mrs. So-and-so to afternoon tea at the Morgue." A whole pro- gramme of amusements might easily be devised. For instance—"At 3 the foun- tains will play; at 4 Constable Davidson will be fed; at 4.30 drags will be pro- vided for the accommodation of those who wish to go fishing in the Yarra; at 5 the city coroner will hold an inquest on the re- sults." And at 7 the affairs might fitly terminate with a modest little banquet, the chair being occupied by Dr. Youl, and the vice-chair by Mr. A. A. Sleight, while a political significance might be given to the event by coupling the main toast, "The Dear Departed," with the name of Mr. Shiels. The extraordinary occurrence recently re- ported from Sydney where the ghost of a defunct husband irritated and annoyed his bereaved widow by throwing brickbats at her house every night for months together, reminds me that a visitant from the other world is said to have been frequently seen of late in Mel- bourne also. The apparition of the lamented Mr. Cobden, now deceased, a gentleman who, we understand, was not altogether uncon- nected during his lifetime with the cause of free trade, has it seems, been seen on more than one occasion latterly issuing from The Argus office between 3 and 4 o'clock in the morning when the last formes have "gone to bed" and even the leader writers are preparing to follow their example. The apparition, so the story goes, was first noticed by a few belated protectionists who had been convincing themselves of the excellent quality of Victorian whisky at a neighbour- ing hotel, and they watched its movements in awestruck silence. The figure walked slowly down the street until it came opposite to the office of a certain morning journal, when it placed its long and bony fingers to its shapeless nose in a most obnoxious and defiant manner, and immediately disap- peared. Next night it revisited the glimpses of the moon again, and was followed as far as Lygon-street, where it paused in front of an important- look- ing building and emitted a peal of derisive laughter for which there was no ap- parent reason as the representatives of the "settled policy of the country" had not yet turned the corner . The fact remained that the ghost- seers received a thorough fright, and at once called in the assistance of a few experienced gentlemen, whose lives have been one long struggle against bugbears of various kinds, to see if the apparition could not be laid at once, lest it should haunt them for all time. These gentlemen responded, with alacrity, and at the meeting which was summoned to discuss the question, no fewer than 20 persons assembled, under the guidance and chair- manship of Mr. W. J. Lormer. That born leader of men was considered well qualified by his long and intimate knowledge of the retail book trade to insert a new page into the growing list of political leagues and organisations besides turning over a fresh leaf in his own aspiring career, and issuing a second edition of his autobiographical sketch entitled, "How I Failed to Become a Public Man." Since the fiasco that occurred when he made an unsuccessful attempt to catch the votes of supporters of Mr. Gillies and Mr. Frank Madden at the last general election, he has hidden his light under a convenient bushel. Now that he has produced it again as chairman of the New Protectionist League, let us hope that it will not blind the community at large to his real deserts. Long and arduous practice in the art of making hats has evi- dently made Mr. S. Mauger, who acted as the chairman's first lieutenant, familiar with the qualities of certain heads, and his remark that Mr. Max Hirsch and Mr. Murray Smith were not men to be sneered at showed that he had not neglected his opportunities. In his other capacity, as a skilled and energetic fireman, it should not be impossible for him even at this stage to "turn the hose of com- mon sense" upon the burning question of the fiscal policy, and extinguish at once the smouldering embers of the belief that the Custom-house is the palladium of Victorian liberty. Our incoming Premier indicated bluntly on Wednesday night the means necessary to stimulate stagnation into activity. "If you see a man standing idle and the land lying idle bring the two in contact." That is the business requirement of the day, to bring together two parties, generally producer and consumer, who should for their mutual profit, be in communication. It is sometimes difficult but it can generally be done by a little ingenuity, as certain standing adver- tisements in Australian newspapers at present prove. They offer simply to supply any applicant with it specified article of value gratis. It may be a work of art, it may be a patent churn, it may be a bicycle, or a mangling machine. All that the philan- thropic firm will require in return is that the gift be exhibited to your friends as a sample of their workmanship. Obviously such a firm is on the road to riches, as certainly as the old lady who lost a farthing on every apple she sold, but made a profit by selling a large quantity. "How is it done?" speculate the public incredulously, promptly writing, nevertheless for the gift to be forwarded to them by return of post. Ah, ye simple; let us suppose for the sake of argument that it is not done. Suppose that the last of the churns or the bicycles has just been sent out before your note arrived, but that more will be in stock presently; suppose that the picture you want enlarged requires too much intri- cate and artistic work, and is sent back with a civil note to say so. What has been accom- plished then? You have been disappointed and annoyed, although not injured, but cui bono? The explanation is simple. A great commer- cial end has been achieved. Two parties whom Mr. Patterson and all other econo- mists hold should be brought into contact have been so brought. The man who sup- plies churns, pictures or what not knows now the name and address of you and thou- sands of others who happen to want the par- ticular article in question if you can get it cheap or, better still, for nothing. The latter is impossible for business reasons but can he not "cultivate" you later on in a different name or by other agents, rally you gently upon your credulity if you disclose to him your former dis- appointment, and induce you to give an order for this article, which is just what you want, and "which we supply at a most moderate figure?" This is surely no crime. It is what Captain Wragge would have described as one of the ingenious and beneficent operations of the "moral agriculturist." 