Evening: Entertainments. Opera House. Tho Opera House was again crowded in every part on Saturday -night, when Mr. Walter Bentley appeared as "Hamlot." In view of his brief season and the prevailing iinahoial stress, Mr. Bentley bos wisojy deolded to ohange hie hill every night. "Hamlet" is always a uopalar curd to play, and with the remembrance of Mr. Bentley's eminently picturesque performance a big audience was a certainty. The interpretation whioh Mr. Bentley gives of the melancholy Dane was eritioiaod at somo length in July last. Satur day night's performance oonfinned tho high estimate whioh the present writer then formed ' of its intelligence and specially pioturcsquo oharanter. Mr. Bentley does not follow tho tricks of old school tragedians, who tiokled the ears of their audiences hy shouting and raving the fine soliloquies and eloquent speeohes ovor the footlights. Mr. Bentley's Hamlet wins plenty of applause, hut he wins it legitimately. His sollloqnics wore literally "thinking aloud," and were marked by such reading and orophosis as removed them from tho old time mysterious methods. The audience ie, hy olover facial expression, from first to last takdn into tbe aotor's confidence as to Hamlet's simulation of madness, and in this aetor and audience aro in sympathy through out. In somo partioulars the performance on Saturday was superior to that given Inst year. Mr. Bentley is supportod by a better company, and ono or two of the scenes on Saturday wore great improvements. Notably so were the scones with the Queen. Mr. Bentley was supported in that part by Miss Kate Bishop, who proved to ho the heat seen in Brisbane for quite a dozen years. In the closet scene actor and actress roso to a height of power whioh "brought down the houeo." Mr. Bentley, as before, scoredhoavily in the play scene, and the audience aoaordea him a great ovation at the olose. The fencing scono. in tho last aot, and the final quadruple tragedy were again ndmirably managed. Mr. Bentley's exoisionof sovoral well known passages has caUed forth 'comment, but ho can justify himself by pointing to tlio clock..- Further, lus exoisions ore such that tbe incidents of the plot are more olearly emphasised. Tho King of Mr. E. B. Russell, the Laortes of Mr.' Roberts (an improvement oh last year), the Polonius of Mr. L. M'Gownn, the Horatio of Mr. Scaton wore nil capital peroformanoes. Mr. Majeroni as tho Ghost spoko out well, but ho was sometimes more monotonous than neccs8aiy. Mr. Roberts also appeared as tho player King in tho Pyrriiua recitation scene with Hamlot, both aotors making quite a hit. Mies Gladys Leigh, as the player Queen, spoke her lines olenrly, Mr. Stork was an amusing bnt not an obtrusive grevediggor, and the minor parts, except Osrio, wcro well sustained. But noxttoHr. Bontloy the chief honoursworegained by Miss'Vivionno as Ophelia and Miss Kate Bishop as the Queen. Tho latter has already beon reforred to. Of Miss Vivienne'i Ophelia we may speak hi terms of eulogy. This young lady is evidently striving to do well, and on Saturday night sho succeeded in winning tho BjriupHUiint til tile AUuiuUCO frtim the fiivt. The mad scone was judiciously noted, and she won for herself a prolonged round of applause at its clone. ' To-night Mr. Bontloy will appear as " Riche lieu. " In the opinion of not a few this is his best 'part. He- certainly buries his identity on that of tho Gurdi'nal-King, and his fine deliver ance of the " Oirolo of the Churoh " speech is still warm in the memories of Brisbane play goers. "Rlohelieu" will be played to-night only. 