BONNY KATHLEEN OR THE MOONLIGHT MARREIAGE. CHAPTER V. (Continued) “Flatterer, go lo !” responded Miss Arabella, who had been reading the "Idylls of the King” all the morning. “ if my throbbing heart reveals ilseif in girlish blushes,'it is Nature’s will that my soul's sweet secret should be betiayed in spile of me, so that, should Heaven load me into the pathway of my lover, ho— who alone has subdued this defiant hear/aiid taught it the sweet mystery of. love —may read it in those burning > blushes, and understand that 1 am no longer the giddy, heart-whole girl, I was ore he crossed ’the threshold of my aimless life. On, my heart, my heart I How. it leaps wi'h ecstasy and swells with bliss.” Oh, anybody could see that, Miss Arabella,” responded Kuthio. “ It must have swollen like sixty ; for you’re ever so much stouter than you were at lujnch time, imd if love fattens people up like that, Hot and Mill will be like a couple of balloons whenplklr. Ohetwynd comes— fcboyVe so stout ns it iJ, you know 1” Thor*, in a spirit of what Artemus Ward, would have called-“pure cussed ness”>ho~ f-lyly struck-a hatpin through what appeared to be the fleshy part of Miss A rabolla’s arm, and then drove into the village^ Arriving at “ Tucker’s, the spinster alighted, tripped into the store, purchased a little wicker basket and sufficient “ dainties ” to fill it to overflowing, arid,, then declining the assistance of Mr Hiram Tucker, bore the with her own fair hands, climbed info the dog-cart and rode away with her purchases in her lap and in full view of all possible observers. It was after five o’clock when the homeward journey was completed, the horse unhitched'and pat up for the night,, and Miss Arabella, following outKathie's directions, tripped into' the Beverend Elisha’s study arid asked “ dear brother’s” permission to “ send Kathleen on a mis sion of charity to some worthy persons who were in need of food, and to whom she would like to forward this small offering. ” The- Beverend Elisha was only too glad to grant it, as a matter of course, so the basket was carried but again and delivered to Kathleen; and that precious little trickster gained her point. For thereafter, no. matter bow late she lingered at Thetford Towers, Miss Ara bella always came to the front and saved the child a scolding by that Katbie was performing a little task for her and conveying food lo a w.orthy family who were in sore distress. Of course everybody concluded that there was a marriageable man connected with the aforesaid “worthy family,” otherwise Miss Arabella woald’nt lake so much interest in it, and as Mildred and Hetty cherished a hope that Mies Hatfield really would capture a husband some, time before the world came, to an end and take up her abode as far from theirs as possible, they were glad enough to see Katbie pressed into service and to excuse her nightly absence from the parental roof, and refrained from ques tioning the whys and wherefores, no matter how late she lingered. Sothelittle comedy—which was fated to tarn out a tragedy in the end—went gayly on, and love’s sweet mystery, dawning upon Kathleen’s heart, grew stronger arid stronger with each visit to Thetford Towers, until before, a week had passed it ruled her entirely, and she no longer wondered what made the days seem long and the nights all too brief,; and how, after a tiire, when Mr. Piggy Tubbs, prevailed upon her to “come and sprnd the afternoon in the ruins: and keep a fellow from having the blues,” both the days and the nights grew, so alarmingly short that -Time seemed to be bewitched and the hours to fly as if oh magic wings. “ Only one'more day, Mil,” said Hetty as that week; so big with fate, drew near, to its close; “ only, 2i hours to wait now, before cousin Dick and Mr Chetwynd and the rest arrive and then such times as we shall have. Just think! there will be six handsome young men in. the’ house and thank Heaven Aunt Arabella is so wrapped up in this new ‘ideal’ of herd that we sha’ht be bothered with her. I’ve sent word to the Trainor girls and to' Lefcty Mason to come over and help entortain tho gentlemen, so there’ll be; orie apiece dll round and he room for ‘'outsiders 1”’ “ Outsiders,” meant of course, Miss Hatfield, Doris and Kathleen, bat as it so 'happened that the former of these was in the very 7 act of passing the door, at the time this conversion took place, it was another , ca se , of “the beat’ laid schemes,” etcetera! “ Traitresses f’ Vile conspirators!” mut tered JilaaVArabella as she stole away and climbed'ihostairs to ber own room, “Six gentlemen coming to the house and they mean to invite those Trainor girls and that doll-faced Laity Mason in order to exclude me. Ob, throbbing, bursting, hungry, heart, no wonder you are mad with ecstasy to-day. Six gentlemen; six young and handsome gentlemen—six of them—and if. three are left unprovided for,, who,knows what may not come to pass, ob, fond and. trustful heart.. I’ll write to those Trainor girls aod tell them that the gentlemen nave again postponed their visits so they need’nt bother to come for a day or two. Love is not a flower of slow growth; it spririgeth up a full-fledged plant in a single night, like Jonah’s gourd, and ere those brainless* Trainor girls arrive, -who knows, fond hea> 6, but thou mayesfc be andbqrod forever, and all tby stormy depths be quited by the pos session of the one and only man to whom thetf couldsfc ever yield tby treasuresT’ Then trilling something about “ Love launched a fairy boat on a .bright and sparkling river,” she kicked up her skinny ankles like a frisky goat and rushed into her room to write to the Trainor girls and crimp the blonde bang of her “ com pany” wjg. “Six o’clock and no sign of her yet 1 Wh*»t can have detained her, I wonder 1 She has never been here once to-dny and now night is approaching and. still no sijmojTlier!” The voice which uttered this was, as you have rib doubt guessed, the voice of Mr. Pygmalion Tubbs, and as ho spoke .that gentleman arote- from the spot "where-he had. been sitting—under the.; shadow of tbe rbso vinca that rioted over the .rained doorway of Thetford Towers,, ai:d; tangled themselves about the marble balcony* about it—arid running lightly down the crumbling stops of the house the beginning bf tho avenue which'led from it to the gates, be framed his eyes in the effort to catoh n glimpse of Kath leen through the August dusk But not a sound of her light footsteps disturbed the--solemn stillness of the summer evening, not a sight of* her fairy* like figure greeted his eager eyes, and with a deep sigh of regretfulness, he. turned and walked: back to bis srat under > h*» flagrant*,-dew-wet roses. “ So ifc has come to this at last, has it?” ho murmured, as he reached up, and pulling ‘ down a cluster of roses, fell to picking /them to pieces. “I cannot spend one whole day apart from her, without feeling as though lifo had lost its purpose and half the beauty of the world had died away.- There is no use disguising the fact—a pair of sweet blue eyes, a lovely girlish fac*% and a laugh like lilting music, have taught me a lesson I shall never be able to unlearn if I live: for centuries, and would not unlearn if. I could. My Kathleen, bonny, blue-eyed little witch, I love you, and not all the governor’s wishes nor all Rosamond Ford’s money can ever tempt me to give you up now. “Useless, worthless hulk that I am, please God I shall win you for my wife and .your love shall make a. man of me. Without you, my life would be purpose less, but with you, it would be ‘one grand, sweet song.’ What can I do? VVh.it must I do? To go the governor, confess that I have fallen in love with a little country girl and ask him to sanc tion our marriage would bemodness, pure and simple; to go to her father and ask him to give her to me when I am unable • to earn a crust and 1 have not a penny to bless myself with, would be a signal for Mr Clayton to either show mo the door or tell mo to. win a position in the world ■and then ask for her band in marriage, and to take her in 'defiance of him would bo cruelty, to her ; for, I could no more take care of her' than I could fly to heaven at ■ this minute, and yet—I can’t give her up ; I can’t go eway and leave her until 1 am sure that no .other man can ever come between me and the whole hope and ambition of my life, and -no influence can ever be brought to bear upon her to force her into a marriage with any man but me. “She loves me ! I know that she does, for. I have read it in her eyes, heard it in the tremulous sweetness of her voice when she speaks to me, seen it revealed in the blushes which play .over her downcast face when ! speak to her. She loves me, ; my bonny Kathleen, and oh) must I lose her after that? When Delavan and the rest arrive I can’t keep up this pleasant masquerade any longer— the truth will have to come out, and then, perhaps, her father will ■ take measures to prevent us from meeting in private (I know that those infernal Trevanion girls will), and perhaps, after all, I shall have to go away and be nothing nearer and dearer to her than a memory. If I could only bind her life to mine so that, come what may, nothing but death could ever divide us; if I could only persuade her ’ to consent to a secret marriage ” He stopped, startled by the sweet possibility that lay beyond that thought, and sitting sharply up, looked straight before him with an eager smile and happy, hopeful eyes. “A secret marriage 1” he. went on after a moment. “ Why not ? She loves mo and she might consent. And if she did, all else is possible. I could go back to the governor and employ my tiipe in learning some useful trade or profession, and when that was accom plished ” Pat ! came a pair of little hands over his eyes, shutting him in in complete and utter darkness, and at the same time a voice from behind exclaimed in aepul-v chral tones : “ Boo o-o! Guess who it is and I’ll led you go !” “ Kathleen!” was the name that sprang to his lips, but checking it ere it passed them, he laughed softly, sat quite still for a moment, and then replied : “The initials are M, D." “Cracky, that stands for a doctor and I’m sure You’re - wrong ! you’re wrong !” " No, I’m not: M. D. are the initials because—because-—”. “ Well, because wbat?” “Because M, D. stands for *My Darling ’ and that is what you are S” “ Oh, my ! . how lovely!” gasped Kath leen, then she dropped her bands and sprung back. “No, I.don’t mean thatl” she added hastily. “ I mean—I mean— Good-evening Mr Piggy.- How do you feel tc- nighb?" “ Like this I” ho answered as ho sprang forward and caught her in his arms before she could, fly (if indeed she bad any! desire to do so), and bending his head rained kisses on her lips and eyes and-hair. , “Piggy Tubbs!” she gasped, “Piggy Tubbs, you stop that right straight off!” “I sha’nt until you tell me that you love me, my darling!” he answered, “dome now, confess it; Kathleen— confess that you love me and them I’ll stop!” For just a’ second Kathleen was silent, then she reached up and slipped her arms around bis neck and shyly mur mured; “ Pd rather not say it just yet awhile, Piggy dear; because I’m perfectly satis* fled with the present arrangement I” CHAPTER VI. “ And you do love ?,Say it again; for it makes me very happy, sweet. You do love me—just a little V “ No, I don’t, I love you a' groat big lot, Piggy darling, and ever since 1 found it but, I’ve bebn—oh, just scared to death for fear 1 wasn’t going to “ catch” ;you, and now that I have, yoa can’t tell what a load is taken off my mind,” Ton minutes hove elapsed since the “ performance " recorded at the close of the preceding chapter, my indulgent reader, and Mr. Tubbs and Miss Clayton having “ come down to earth ” again; are now seated under the shadow of the clustering rose-vines . with the gemmed and flower- scented night quietly closing in about them. Mr. f Tubbs laughed—in that foolishly happy way which accepted lovers have, as Katblreh thus acknowledged her fears, then fell to striking her little white hand and finally to wondering how to broach the subject uppermost in his mind — namely : a secret marriage. “ what did you think when I crept up and .clapped my hands over your eyes, Pig-iy ?” queried Kathleen, edging closer to him, and desperately arizing ( upon the first topic (hat came inlo her :mina; when hip thoughtful silence became irksome, “ I know you hadn’t the least idea that X was anywhere near you, for loame in by the back gain instead of the front, this time(Miss Arabella got mo to carry a note over to Trainer's, so I came in the back way because it was a short out). But tell me> Piggy darling, what aid you think?''Tbatftho famous ‘ White Lady ’ of Tbetford Towers had pounced upon yoojeh?” rwil , !“ Oil I say, Kathie, speaking of that, I’ve got the greatest'sbrbofsurprise in store' for yoa 1” exclaimed ■ Mr. Tubbs. “ You know we’ye had many a good laugh over tho yghost whom the pooph here-abouts declare they, have seen around this place? •Well, now, r what .db yot think? As true as- I’m o living man Knthio, last night, after you, leffcme—l savv.it !” . “ Pickles !” : gasped Kathleen, with a little; shriek and a, jump; “ Piggy ! TubbB, you—-you're out of ybar triind ! You saw the ghost of t he White 1 Lady ?” “ ns truly as I now .‘see you, nay darling, and——— Why, - what's the muter? Surely you're uot afraid, Kath leen “ Oh, -goodness gracious, no ! What was she like; Piggy 1 (Say,- just you put your arm around my warsfy please, I—Pm kind of cold ! 1 guess the dew from the rose-vines is trickling down-ray back.) Go ahead, ‘ Piggy. Whore did you sea her? ; What she was like, and— — J —Ohi cracky, Piggy; did she ; have her head under her arm and the blood spouting out of her hock !, That’s the way Oy Perkins said she looked the night he saw hen Oh, Piggy, I'm just assure as can be that there’s a spider, on my nock, and if you wouldn’t mind letting me sit in your Jap, and putting my bead on your shoulder—= —Oh, thank you, Piggy lovej y.ou’rb so kind. Now then, go ahead and toll me about the White lady. Wherb did you see her, eh?" ; “Why, up there in.tbo window of that room whore the old torn coat is hanging, and. afterwards- walking, around the ddge of the roof; with her arms extended' as though seeking to clasp somebody, and Her head ? Why, it was. on -her shoulders, of course, and a very-beautiful -head fit appeared to be so for-ns T could make out; for I don’t mind admitting Kathleen, that I scooted for dear life, and--” - - ' “ oh, I’m so glad you did!” "By the time I came to my proper senses and realised what a fool I was, I had reached the gateway and was outside “of these grounds,” continued Mr Tubbs. W»>11 , as soon as that transpired,. why of course, 1 couldn't helph laughing nt myself for running away likeaa. coward when 1 ought.to have remained and investi gated the so back I came and searched the ruin from top ; to bottom, and not the least sign o£the ‘ White Lady ’ did I discover anywhere, so that was the end of-the adventure.. “ Oh, cracky, Piggy 1 it was just dread ful 1 Well, go on 1 • What was: she like ?,” “ Well, so far as I could discern from where I stood, sho was tall and slim and appeared to be a remarkably beautiful woman of about thirty years of age, with long, dark hair streaming down : her back, and a face that was like the counte nance of an angel. She'was clothed in a long, white gown, with something .that looked like’a bridal veil thrown over her head, which was either blown by the wind or floated like a vapor about her. But the oddest thing of the lot was that her feet were bare; she carried upon her left arm, midway between the wrist and shoulder, something that looked like a wreath of withered white flowers, and although her eyes were wide' open and she walked upon the very edge of the roof, she never scorned to look when she planted her feet, bat stared. straight before her and walked onward outstretched as if to clasp— “ Piggy Tubbs 1” gulped Kathleen, in a voice of excitement and awe. “ Piggy Tubbs, don’t say another word, or I won't sleep a wink all night long. My goodness gracious me 1 that ghost is as bad 1 as Miss Arabella, and if you stay here any longer she’!! hug you and carry you away, and the first thing I’ll know -.l’ll bo a; grass widow—like poor Mrs Juggins down in the village,; who doesn’t know whether Mr Jugginsfis livings-or dead or where the poor man has gone to. Oh, goodness gracious me, Piggy ! you mustn't stay here another hour. Gome right over to our house, and I’ll ask papa if he can’t find some place for you to stop, and if be can’t, I’m mighty sure that Cousin- Dick will.” Cousin Dick 1” repeated Mr. Tubbs in a startled voice. “Oh, K at hie, bos be arrived already ?” “ Goodness—no ! But he’s coming to morrow night, though, ” tosponded Kath leen. That’s what kept me away from you all'this day, Piggy love. Hct and Mil and Cold-Uravy Eyes have had me ‘ on the go 'from morning un'il night, running errands and helping to got the place to rights, and besides tha*, poor Dorry woke up this morning with a sick-headaohe and a dreadful tired feeling fin all her bones’— poor, dear old love—and what time I could spare, I'had to devote to her. Gome away from this place, Piggy—please, please come away—because I’ll never sleep easy if you don’t. She had sprang from his embrace while speaking, and stood before him—so wondrously lovely and so full of tender solicitude for his welfare that the picture she made in the glow of the rising moon fired him with love’s rapture and inspired him with youth’s reckless courage. * Gome away from this place, ” she pleaded. “ Dorry said that sorrow would come to me if its dreadful shadow fell across my path, and if you stay here now that I know it is haunted, something will happen to you, Piggy, and that will be worse tb&n; death to mo.” For a moment ho remained silent sitting under (he shadow of the rose-vines and looking up into Her sweet, young face— * hen he threw one leg over the other, clasped his hands behinds his bead, and leaning backward, spoke with much more calmness than was in his heart. “ Yes, ” he said ; “ if I remain here, darling, evil will overtake me—l feel that it will: 3ut all the same, I will not stir one inch until you promise to marry me to-niuhfc.” “Piggy Tubbs 1” almost screamed Kathleen, jumping back, a foot at this announcement—" Piggy Tubbs you must be out of your headl Marry you to-night.” “That’s what I said.” 1,1 My lands! I haven’t been engaged to you more than half an hour, you big ninny, and to talk about marriage—— ’ He rose before she could complete the sentence and taking her in -bis arms, completed it £o*r her., 1 ’ “ To talk about marriage, ray darling, is to broach the subject of love’s fulfill ment, ” he tenderly said. " Sweet little heart that I have won, won’t you consent to be all ray own ? Look at You lovo me, do you not ? Ah, yes, T road it in your dear eyes as you should rend it in mine, You lovo me and f love you; my precious. Surely then you wish to be my Wife ?*’ “Ye-osT suppose—that is, I’m mighty sure I do, Piggy dear. Blit to get mar ried to- night—^—Oh, goodness gracious mo, Piggy, ’it’s just dreadful!” “Not so dreadful tomtf,-mydarling as is the thought of ever losing' yob, how that I Have learnetl what love really is 1” ho answered as He stooped and pressed His lips to hers, " Listen, Kathleen, ihy I darling, and let me' toll you' something.' I am the ward and heir of a very rich ihan who has brought mo; up in idleness, use* lossness arid iuiupy, It'inis' always boon his desire—his purpose, I might say—to have me marry agreat heiress, one Miss Rosamond Ford, the daughter of a dear 1 friend of his— “ Oh; P|ggy ! You—you won’t do it?” ■ ; • V “ No, dear, uo-rfif will consent to save me from such a union by marrying me td-nijjhfc!” he answered. “ You see, my darling, the great trouble is.this. 'i‘he governor has. never had me taught anything in the’way of a trade or prof's fiion, abd ■” “Tho‘governor!’ ’’out in Kathie in amazement. “ Gh, goodness gracious'me, Piggy, are you a politician ?” , . “ No, dear,” ho answered .with a smile, understanding at once the error into which She bad fallen. ‘' The ‘ governor } —as I always call him-* is, in this case, ray groat-uojle (otherwise, the uncle of my dead mother) who adopted me when 1 was but a m n re boy, educated qie end roared me as his heir and never told me until I reached my majority that ho had any other aim in view. When I became of age—which occurred some six months ago—he allowed me to learn that I was expected to marry as he dictated, other wise I was to be disinherited and oast adrift. “ Now, as I know no trade, no profes sion, and can never love any girl, in all the world but the one I am holding in my arms, I want to make it impossible for him to force me into a marriage'with any body but you, and to make it impossible for. you to marry any man but me. No, no, no! Don’t protest that* you-never will, my darling, for who can tell what influences may. yet be brought to bear upon you ? Simply listen, Kathleen, arid let me tell you why I ask you to marry me to-night and to keep our union a secret.” “ A secret, Piggy ?” “Yes, dear, a secret—and the sweetest secret in all the world !” be tenderly re sponded. “If we aro married to-night and no one buo our two of course, the -minister who unites us—is admitted to our secret, how easy is all the rest, which leads to our life-long happiness! 1 can go back to the governor—who would cast me out in a minute if ho believed that I neVer would marry Miss Ford—l can engage.in the study of some lucrative trade or profession, which, when mastered, will enable me to offer a home and a sup port to my dear little wife, and to escape for ever the possibilities of a hateful marriage with Miss Rosamond Ford. Oh, Kathleen! Ob, my darling, save mo from that union and give me lovof life, • happi ness, by one sweet word ! . i Marry me Kathie—marry me 10-nigh*, arid set all my fears at rest! Oh, if I lose you, love, I lose all that I have to. live for, and all that I hope to win. Sweet, you need - only answer * yes’ to make our happiness complete. ' Yes ’ is such-a little to say.” “ And if I say it, Piggy, oh, what then 1” “ Why, then, I’ll procure a conveyance,, and we’ll journey to - the next town, sweetheart, where neither of us is known; And a minister, and be made man ana wife without delay. Ob, Kathie, you tell <me that you love me, and you hesitate to prove it. Oh, my darling, can’t you say ‘ yes ’ to what T ask of you, and bo ray own little wife ?” “ But, Piggy dear ” “ Let ‘ Piggy ’ die forever, sweetheart,” he laughingly interrupted. Haven’t you suspected*before this, you little innocent, that ‘ Piggy Tubbs ’ is all a myth ? Sweet, I’ve been making game of you, and indul ging in a pleasant little masquerade at your expense; bat now, in my real name, let me ask if you will not make me happy by becoming Gordon Ohetwynd’s wife ?” “ Gracious sakes alive ! ore you Gordon Cbetwynd, Piggy Tubbs ?” gasped Kath leen in amazement “ Are ycu the rich <young man that Het and Mil are after T “I’m afraid I am,”"ho answered with a grin, " Why not turn the laugh against them, sweetheart, and capture the * rich young man ’ yop rself?” I CHAPTER VII, " Why not turn the laugh against your step-sisters 'sweetheart, and capture (he ‘ rich young man ’ yourself t” repeated Gordon Oh«twynd as he drew Kathie doner to his bosom and looked eagerly, hopefully, half-smilingly down into her flushed face and sparkling, mischievous eyes. “ Sweet, it would he a good plan —the very best in ail the world, I think —for it would enable you to turn the laugh against them, arid, at the same time, to make me supremely and word lessly happy. And you would hke mo to happy, would you riot? You card enough for me to think of that, don’t you, dear?” “Oh, ginger, yes! of course I do, Piggy—X should say Gordon!” blurted Kathleen with alarming candor. “ I just guess I do ore for you. If you only knew how many nights I’vo lain awake crying ray eyes out for fear I wasn’t going to catch you, you’d think I cared a heap for you—and so I do. i Goodness! if you’d got well and gone away without falling in love with me, I guess I’d have gone out of mind—the same as poor Miss’ Arabella did when the gentleman she thought she was going to marry jilted her and ran away with some other girl, jnst two nights before the day set for his wedding with her.” “ Then take warning from poor Miss Arabella’s uuhappy fate and many me at I once, as I have a-ikod you,” responded Gordon with >mook seriousness. “ Per ' haps you have already hoard what an amazing influence Mias Milclnd Tre vanion has over me ; but if you haven’t, let me tell you this, sweetheart; 1 have the strongest kind of a conviction that unless something is done to render such a thing an absolute impossiblity, that girl will marry me in spite of myself.” i “ What! our Mil?” gasped Kathie. “ You marry our Mil ? Oh, Piggy, it would be perfectly horrible! It would bo bad enough to have to give you up to that rich Miss ,Ford that your uncle wishes you to marry, but to Mil Trc variion Ob, I’d go out of'my mind if such a thing as that were to happen.” “Then why not prevent it, dear, by doing what I ask ?” “ But, Piggy~i should say Gordon—a secret marriage is such a dreadful thing, j I know that papa wouldn’t like it, and as for Dorry, I’m sure that she’d consider it 1 just, dreadful.” "Oh, well, if you think more of their opinion than of my happiness, of course that settles it,” he said petulantly and bitterly, as he put her out of his arms, and, picking up his hat, clapped it upon hia head with an air of desperation. , " Good-night, Miss Clayton, I won’t trouble you any longer,’ 1 bos that there’s nothing loft mo but to go back to the city and comply with my uncle’s wishes 1 as speedily as possible. Good-night and i good-byo forever!” Beyond all question this stop was re prehensible, for it woe tho meanest kind of an advantage to take of a girl so young, so innocent and so inexperienced as Kethio; butoven lovorsaresometimes cruel, and but that tin*hat) what he be-! lieved toi bo her happiness in view, Mr. "Ohotwynd would have fallen upon his | knees and begged her forgiveness whbri \- slio sprung, to side and looked up at: 1 him with'a-faoo as whiio as death. 1 ; " Ohj'Gjordon 1” she brlod ’qut pitifully j I —"oh, Gordon ! don’t go away from rao' —don’t leave me,. How should I oyer Jive tho rest of my life if yoii did that ?” , “ How 1 do you expect me to livo the 1 ' • - ’ ■ • t I rest of mine 9” ho responded, averting his eyes so that ho might not see her anguish, but all the time feeling that lie' wa i a brute to hurt her so. “If you cared for ;me you would save me from despair— : save yourself from misery, arid keep me here.; I don't went to go, but there is no other course loft open to me unless you will grant mo the favor I ask. It wouldn't be hard if you really loved mo os you say you do,aud— —” “ If I really loved you as I say I do,” she interrupted, with something like the teatfril pathos of a sorrowing child, os she crept'closer to him and shyly wound both arms about f his neok. “ Oh, Gordon, I love ydu o great 1 deal more than that— more than I could tell you if I tried—l love you so much that I’ll do anything in the world if you won’t go away.” “ Even marry me to-night 9”—eagerly. “ Even marry you to- night,” she re pented shyly ; then she hid her face upon his bosom, and ho, wrapping his arms about her, indulged in a flow of untrans latable language, iiT~whioh all the sen tences began with an exclamation and ended with a kiss. For some five or six minu’es this sort of thing continued uninterruptedly; then they came “ down from the clouds.” and,, seating themselves under the shadow of the rose-vines which clustered so thickly about the ruined portico and the crumbl ing steps of Thetford Towers, began to discuss their plans for the consummation of £he recret marriage. In this discussion Kathleen took a lively interest, and lent valuable assist ance to her impatient lover; for, having once, overcome, her first scruples and agreed to her proposition, it was char acteristic. of her that she yielded herself to tbe.inevitaole with (ho least possible dread of the consequences, and became once more the happy, light-hearted, win some little fairy to whom be had revealed his love. “ I'll tell you what,” she said, as “snuggled” up close to him and lifted her sparking, riante face tb his, “ you just go down to Morley’s in the village and hire a horse and buggy ; then drive over to Stony Point—that’s about eight miles over to the west, you know. Well, you just drivb over there and see a minister, and arrange every thing for the wedding; then come back to Deephaven for me “ For you!” he interrupted, sharply. “ Why not go with me, Kathleen 9 It would save time, dear ; and to drive six teen miles—why, sweetheart, it would be after ten o’clock before I could meet you.” “ Oracky 1 I- should hope it would !” responded Kathleen. “The folks ot our house never go to bed before half-past nine, and it .wouldnlt be safe for me to think of stealing out before ten o’clock at the very latest, because What’s that? Not go home first? Piggy Tubbs, arp you out of your head? Goodness gracious mol We couldn’t go to Stony Point and back before ten o’clock if wo started at this very minute; and if it should come bed-time and I not in the' house, why, Cold-Gravy Byes would, raise the roof—to say nothing about papa and Dorry, who’d have the whole village up in arms and out searching for me. No,' siree i I’m going right straight , home now, v this very minute— that's what I’m going to do; and when everybody’s abed and.asleep I’ll steal out and meet you.” “ Where 9 Here 9” “Goodness gracious 1 no. You don’t suppose I’m going to ‘walk two mi'es out of the way, do you? and at that time of night? You just have the car riage all ready, and bo waiting for mo under the big poplar trees at the Peep haven cross-roads (just close, to the par sonage, you know) ; and just as. near to ten o’clock as I possibly can I’ll steal out and meet you there. Now then, good-night, Piggy, love, until I ace you again. ~ I must be going now 1” “ I’ll walk with you os far as the gates, sweetheart,” bo said in reply, then rising he wound his arm about her waist, and under the first faint gleams of the rising moon they strolled down the long,straight path together. Under the crumbling arch of the gate way they concluded their plans for the secret marriage, and parted with a kiss— Ohelwynd striking out in the direction of the village and whistling to himself as he strode away under the glow of the orange pioonrise, and Kathio bounding away through the dew-wet clover-fields like a young fawn, and making the night melodious with the ringing sweetness of her fresh, young voice. “ I love my love in the morning, I my love at noon ” she sung as she bounded onward: “ I love my love the whole day long, And we’ll be married soon !” “ And goodness 1” she added with a little obucke of delight, “ wouldn’t poor Miss Arabella give all her old boots and shoes to be in my place to-night. Oh, jirniny jinks, I’m going to bo married ! iW going to bo married before Mil and Het are even so much as engaged, and while they’re doing their best to catch a beau, I shall have, a husband, and the heavonlieat husband that ever was. La,, la, In, tra, la, h, la 1 Ain’t it just be-auti ful 9 I feel so happy X could yell !” And she probably would have done so but for the fact that sho bad just then reached the goto of the parsonage and thereon the steps of the piazza, looking like a lily-stolk in a costume of Ni!c-grer-n cheese-cloth, with a Medccis collar and no sleeves, stood the angular Arabella, with her wig stuck full of white ostrich feathers and clusters of natural syringas, I “Oh, Miss Arabella, you look just like a beautiful big bunch of celery in that lovely cholera-morbus dress!” gushed Kathio, as she paused before her, and clasping her hands, rolled up her eyes as if in ecstasy—or a sjensm. “ Oh, how do you manage to do it? Every time you put on a now dress you look better than ever, and a little more so. How that lobster solid-shade does become you, and that feather-duster in your hair is too p rfootly ravishing for anything on (his earth.” “ Pence, flatterer!” simpered M iss Arabella. “1 shall bo as vain as a pea cock if I listen to your silly clatter; and a vain girl is something dreadful. But toll nio, pet 5 did you convey the epistle to those Trainer girls as I bade you 9” “Oh, yes, indeed/’ returned Kathio. “ I took the letter there, the first thing. And, oh, say J Miss Arabella, I saw him as I was opining back—yeu know who, ,you innocent little love !” \- “Not—not ray unknown admirer, child r “Urn—um—just him, and nobody else. 1 saw Him and spoke with him. And, roh, you can’t guess what I He’s oon ' vlnsed about your gbbdnoss l to the tramps; and he’s actually coming here to morrow to \ his house.” Miss Arabella gave a little shriek, and clutched herself us t hough she hud been suddenly seized with a cramp. .1 {POr ni4 CONTlNtfßri). ,■ 