CHAPTER XXVIII. THE GHOST. With a scream so piercing and horrible it scarcely seemed human, the wretchstaggered upon his feet, and darting maniac glances from side to side for a moment, plunged hea Jong through the midst of the hr.lf paralysed group between him and the door and dsappearei. Sibyl turned upon Mrs Turfit, a dan gerouas light in her beautiful, flashing eyes. The woman was staring with wildly dilating eyesofter Jasper. 'they were all staring with looks of won der, horror and bewilderment. Sibyl's beautiful white face turned upon them. She extended to them her little, shaking hands. • Do you call that thing in the shape of a man Kenrick Prince 1" she asked, in low, intense tones. There was dead silence. Even Mrs Terfit loosed stunned. "He be mightily changed, Miss Sibyl-he be for sure," James Reese said at last, shaking his gray head gloomily. "And we be all mighty sorry for you and him. But then you know, mistress, that don't make him someboly else. He be Mister Kearick for all." Sibyl's hands fell; her head drooped despairingly. Miss Garr went to her. "Lucy Venner has gone away." she whis pered. "I asked one of the girls, and she sai I she had gone for goad. But I don't be ieve that. Do you suppose any one else wo?uld lare to interfere if we tried to leave b he house now 1" "Mrs rurfit would. She hates me so; and I don't believe James Reese would let me go. The poor old man really believes I have lost my mind." "We might try." , Yes." aut at the first movement, Mrs Turfit faced them with belligerent looks. "Excuse me, ladies, but 1 can't let you out of this room without Mr Prince's orders. Mlra Prince, any way. Ask James Reese." ""I wouldn't go if L.was you, 3iss Sibyl," the old gardener said, persuasively. Sibyl laid her little, white hand upon his arm. "You wouldn't try to hinder me, James 1" she said, gently. " Even if I am insane, as you think. You know it is only on one point." -I culdn't dare to risk it," he said, sorrowfully. "It might be twenty points before morning. You might be a raving maniac. It ain't fitting for a lady to go out o? herself at this time of the night, any way" "Miss Garr would be with me. You don't call her insame " "IT don't knowanything about her. Our orders are about you! Don't tease the old man now." Mrs Turfit thought it was about time to put in her oar again. "I'll trouble you for the keys to these rooms. Miss Garr," she said, with extraor dinary insolence of look and tone. " Will you take them now, or wait till you can get them P" retorted Prudence, coolly. S"You had better give them up. You have no business with them, anyhow. I suppose you stole them from AIr Prince," the housekeeper said, glaring at her. Sibyl drew her back a little and spoke low. " You see how it is," she said. "There is only one thing can be done. I think they would neither of them try to prevent your gcing. No one would interfere with you to-night, but that wretch whom we believed to be Halsey won't let you go by to-morrow." " "I won't leave you and that is fiat! " declared Prudence, emphatically. " Yes, you will. I will tell you why, and it is the only hope. You can find Captain Dunning and tell him about Rick Halsey." " Do you think he would believe me ?" Prudence exclaimed, with a startled air. "'itis such a queer story and we can't prove anything. The very servants here would contradict us. I'm afraid, my dear, I should only get called crazy, too." " No : that man Dunning was too anxious to get hold of Halsey. I could see that. I believe you could get him to come here and see this man." "I can try, anyhow, and I'm willing," Prudence said, with some excitement. " But I don't like leaving you alone here at the mercy of that drinking villain." "I'm not afraid of him-at least not much. I believe he is more afraid of me than .I am of him. At any rate, it is the only chance, Prudence. Everything is against nos here. I believe they mean to put me in an insane asylum if I don't give up and own that wretch for my husband, anl they will put you there with me if you don't look out. Wait a minute now and let me speak to Mrs Turfit." She turned to the housekeeper. "Miss Garr wishes to go away. If she gives you the keys, and I agree to remain as I am for the present, will you see that a car riage takes her at once to Hampton Station to meet the midnight express train ?" Mrs Turfit promised eagerly. She knew Jasper hated Miss Garr, and she had heard him say many Limes that he wished he could get rid of her-not very lately, however - not since he had discovered that Pradenco suspected he was Rick Halsey. James was despatched to see that the pro. mised carriage was made ready. 3Miss Garr, with a solemn and important air, drew Sybil into the adjoining room. "Here is something I am going to give you, the old lady said, with tears in her eyes, and a quiver in her voice. "I hope you won't need it, but you may." " The something" was a small pistol, queer looking, which Prudence took out from some place of concealment. .'It don't look much," she said, as Sybil smiled, "but it will shoot-and it is loadled nOw." Sibyl kissed it, and kissed ?iss Garr as she took it, and thanked her with emotion. " Now you use it if you need, and don't be afraid. It will shoot enough for Mr Rick Halsey, Igness. He's a coward, anyhow~, said Miss Garr. James came presently to say the carriage was ready. Sibyl turned white as death and clung to Miss Garr passionately. "Remember," she said, "that you leave me alone among bitter enemies; that you are the only friend I have in the world to help me. You won't forsake me under any circumstances, will you Prudence I!.' " will neuer forsake you I t will staul by yon and work for your help as long as I can draw breath l" Prudence declared, bc tween sobs. " And if you come back and I am not here -it no one can or will tell you where I am -you will still keep searching till yon find me, won't you 1" I will-I will i" Mise Garr gave the much-contested keys to Sibyl "Keep them yourself till James comes and tells you I have started," she said. " Mr Rick Halsey may try to stop me at the last moment." Mrs Tnrfit tossed her head and looked volumes of insolence, but she made no ob jection in words, only bade her assistants come and stand with her against the door for fear the crazy womanshould try to break out. Sibyl gave no heed to her impertinence, only watched anxiously and with beating heart for James return. (Te be cesssiUed). 