FIOTION. THE HOUSE. BY THE COMIMON. (BY TnoxrAs Coan). CHAPTER VI.-FORBEBODINOS. ' So you have not been taken away from your native land against your will,' I said with a laugh. It was intensely hot this morning, and as we reached the muddy pond which goes by the name of the "Brighton Lake,' she stopped and put up her sun shade. 'You have the best evideuce of the fact, Dr. Everest., Indeed; I begin to hope that I am reprieved, that nobody will go away for the present, at all Sevents.' 'I did not think for a moment that Mrs Manningtree would refuse to accede to your wishes,' I said. ' She did refuse, very decidedly at first,' was the reply; 'but I was equally decided. One must make a stand for liberty, you know. Somebody says it is the only thing worth fighting for. But, after all, ;I am little better than a slave. Who holds the purse, holds power. I have to apply to Mrs Manningtree for every penny I require now. It is hateful-detestable. 'Yet surely you need feel no sense of obligation,' I urged. 'The money was your father's. Some persons would say it is morally yours now. By changing her intention to go abroad Mrs Manningtree has, at any rate, given proof of her desire to please you.' Having ascended from the level of the ond we stood still. The sun was reflected dazringly by the glass houses on Broad water Down, while the dark pine woods beyond appeared contrastingly cool and sombre. The Eridge road wound in and out, white between the fields; in the middle distance, on our right, was a hop garden; a train steamed noisily into the station below on the loft. 'I am not'blaming Mlrs Manningtree,' Dora answered. 'I am merely commiser ating my own lot. But she did not give way quite so agreeably as you think. She did what I have never known her to do before: she lost her temper. As a rule, Mrs Manningtree is self.possession per sonified. If she is angry, she grows more cool. This time she stormed at me, but, though I was frightened, I would not yield. She declared that she was going, Sand that I must accompany her. This took place before Mr Lascelle, who looked as if he would willingly compel me.' ' Still,' I persisted, 'thebeat of us lose our tempers now and then, and it was only a storm in a teacup. It is to her credit that you have never known Mrs Manningtree to lose her temper before.' ' At all events,' Dora continued, 'she Sannounced her altered decision this morn inc. She called me to her room after breakfast, and I confess she spoke kindly enough. My father had left me to her care, she reminded me; she could never forget that shwhowed it to him to watch over my interests; she could never let these clash with her onn. Since I did not wish it, I should not leave home at present : the journey was postponed.' 'That,' I hinted, ' was all you could Sdesire. 'Mrs Manningtreo told me she was going to London this morning,' Dora re sumed, 'and as soon as. she started I took I a book and came to the Pantiles. I could not stay in the house alone with Mr Lascelles. I only wish I need not re- I turn.. ' But,' I said, 'you will not be abso lutely alone with him; there are the Sservants.' .? There are no servants,' she answered, I as we reached Hungershall Park, ' only 1 Mrs Hutchings-the woman who was there when Colonel Manningtree died.' ' I know there was only the one woman in the house at that time,' I said; but a housemaid waited at table on the day of i the funeral.' 'That was Mrs Hutchina's daughtur ; sometimes she comes to help her mother. 1 Mirs Manningtree gave her mourning, especially for your benefit,, I suppose ; she I has not appeared ir it since. Mrs lMac ningtree said it was not worth while to engage fresh servants, as she Intended going abroad. Now, I should think she will got some; it is very uncomfortable I , as it is.' 'Perhape,' I suggested, ' she has gone to London for that purpose to- day.' 'Dr. EFverest,' said:lDra, stopping as we descended the hill, 'fwhy is it that there is never anybody but ourselves in the house at night ?' 'There is Mrs Hlutchings-" I obegan. 'She goes away at nine o'clock and comes before breakfast. The top floor of the hoise is deserted. No one goes there but Mr Lascelles. I dare not go; I * scarcely dare to go to my own room at night.' I disliked the idea of Dora's being alone in that house with Laseolles. Moat of us * judge persons by their faces, and just as I had formed my opinion of Dora from the first glance at her, so:I summed up Lascelles's character the. moment I saw him in my consulting-room on the even. ing of the 2nd of July. 1 ' For how long has Mrs .MIanningtree gone I' I asked. 'She promised to return to- night,'l was the answer. f 'But suppose there should be an accident, that she misses the train; suppose she does I not return! Mrs Hutchings will go I away at nine o'clock ; I shall be alone in the house with Mr Lascelles. .I cannot endure that-I shall never be able to stay. Yet,' she added, pitifully, 'I have nowhere else to go to' i Now I had not started out that morn-. ing with any intention of telling Dora of i my love. Indeed, I had no certainty Sthat I should see her, and whilst I was Sconvinced thatyears would not enable me to know her better than I did already, I t did not wish to ruin my chance of success I by too great precipitation; But when she, uttered her last piteous words, looking the while so sorrowfully into my face, a mad impulse seized me. 'Dora,' I cried, drawing close to her i side, 'come to me.' The change in her face instantly-warned me of my mistake. Trusting me impli.. citly, she had laid bare her heart to the oily friend she possessed Within many miles. I had allowed myself to believe that her •o nfidence betokened -something more l than mere friendship. I had takel advantage of her trust. Her face flushed, her shoulders wer thrown back, her head was held mor erect. As she drew close to the low hedg which skirted the road she regarded mn with deep reproach. 'REt t brute !' her blue eyes seemed t, say. In order to exonerate myself I fel bound to continue on my unfortunate course.' In order t, obtain her forgive ness I must convino~ her, at leasE, of mn earnestness. I fear I have been over-bold,' Ibegan: but she impetuously interrupted me. 'I do not understand you, Dr. Everest, I am afraid I-Ihave misunderstood yot all along.' 'Don't say that,' i urged her.. 'Let me make my meaning clear. Dora, ] love you-' ' Whom you have not seen haif.a.doazen times, nor for six hours altogether,' she cried contemptuously. SIt is true, nevertheless,' I continued. It was true when I had seen you only once-it will be true if I see you a thousand times. From the first moment I looked on your face--that day when you entered the room expecting to see your father-I loved you. I recognise my mis. take; you do not return my love. I ought to have waited for happier days before speaking of it, yet it was only your unhappiness which forced my hand. IMy mother lives in London; I would have taklen you to her, now, to.day. You would be welcomed as a daughter , until you could bring yourself to become her son's wife.' She stared wistfully before her a few moments, and I knew she dared not trust herself to speak. 'If I spoke hastily, forgive me, Dr. Everest,' she faltered, presently. 'Only tell me you pardon my im patieno,' I urged. 'Dora, is it not possible to do as I ask you ?' ' Nor no,' she cried, raising her hands imploringly, 'I cannot do that. I appre ilate your kindness-the kindness which prompts so great a sacrifice. I cannot think of anything-of my own happiness -of anything-until I decide as to my future.' 'That is what I ask you to do, tc jecide your future by oonsenting to marr me. I am not a rich man; but neithex am I entirely dependent upon my practice. Let it go; we will leave this place, and your happiness shall be my first con sideration as long as. I live.' 'Please .do not say any more,' she murmured. 'What you ask cannoot be You must see how impossible it is. I will never involve another in my own fate.' 'Your -your own fate I' 'I have never dared to speak, even to you, to whom I have told so mdch, of what is on my mind. -I cannot account for the feeling; but it is terribly real. Sometimes I think that such an all pervading conviction is more truly im portant than any amount of reasoning. Dr. Everest, I know that there is some awful doom hanging over me.' 'What makes you think so I' I asked as coolly as I could. -'I do not know; it may be the very atmosphere I breathe. I cannot shake ff the feeling. Do what I will, go where I'will, there is always hanging over me this sense of impending doom.' S'A moment's cool consideration will xhow you how irrational are your fears,' 3 arged. I' i.e not so much a fear as a forebod .g, Dr. Everest. .Oh ! I know you can. aost realise the truth of it. I know ii nust appear as the result of .ay owr iorbidfancy. But,' she added solemnly: 'you will see. You will see what fate ix ,n store for me, and that I shall have nu power to resist it.' .Have you ever, when listening to a hbost story, been impelled to glance over pour shoulder to make sure that nothini ruesome was there I You do not believe .in ghosts, perhaps. But that does nol matter. You are surrounded, as it were, by the atmosphere of the story; itx ,arrator has entrapped your reason, hi, fiction encompasses you round about, and like the lady in Mrs Orowe's 'Night Side xf Nature,' if you do not believe in :hosts, you feel very decidedly that you would not like to see one. Now, I was sure that Dora's foreboding bad no foundation. I did not share her fear for an instant, yet, listening to hes axpressioni of it, witnessing her strone :onviction, I did become, for the moment, afraid of what might be in store for her. and knowing that in certain eases it is ax .ifficult to arrive at all the facts which lead to a conclusion as it is to obtain a full statement of a spendthrift's debts, 1 loubted not that she must have some ind of evidence in reserve, which ap peared to support her suspicions. 'No power to risist what!' I asked, efraining from treating the affair toc xeriously. 'Don't ask me,' she answered. 'Don't sk me to speak about it any more. Lol me treat thlis morning as a holiday.' 'Not a very successful one, I an afraid.' 'I began by trying to be cheerfxul,' sht continued, as we turned and reascended the hill, with fields on our left and housex n our right. 'But it is always the same now. I always hark back to the one topic; I scarcely think of any other.' Just tell me this,' I said. 'This xense of dread has oppressed you for some lime. Tell me what led you to give it anxgue this morning ? Has it anything to do with Mrs Manningtrce'a absencel ' Every circumstance of my life intenci es it,' she answered. 'The only special eason I can give will seem childish and neufficient. You know that no one comex o Thu Friars. When people called .at irst-before I went to Norfolk--Mrs VIanningtree was always not at homo,and ~s never returned their visits. Mr Las. :elle had a visitor yesterday. I was in fhe drawing-room when Mrs Hutchinge ?rought him in without warning. He was a well-dressed man, looking a well-to. 0faxrmer.; his name was Oartwright. He walked up to Mr Lascelles and addressed him as Mr Roberts. Then Mrs Manning. reo turned pale, and led me immediately from the room.' ' There appears nothing alarming thus Ear,' I hinted. 'I knew you would think so. I cannot point all the little details which create suspicion. Mr Lascelles took great pains when Mr Cartwright was gone to explain that 'he had come to the wrong house. n tiut I cannot help thinking that it was this visit which led Mrs Manningtree to a change her intentions about going abroad, e and to leave Tunbridge Wells so suddenly e to-day.' ef .'le not that rather ungenerous ' I asked. 'How can there be anything sus o picious in the visit of a harmless person such as you describe. One thing I gather, . by the way, however, your sense of foru e boding is connected with Lascelles.' \- ' I connect Mr Lascelles with all that' y is unhappy in my life, Dr. Everest. Yet I have Lo go home-home! I have no Shome-to go back to him; to sit facing him at lunncheon; to remain alone with him-' ' At least you are not without an alterl native,' I suggested. Give up all idea of t. returning to 'IThue Friars. Come with me [ now, anu before night you shall ie with my people in London." 1 it needed but this repetition of my Sproposal to nerve her to return to The f'rlars at once. ' No, no I I have told you it is impossi ble,' she cried. 'Good-by, Dr. Everest. I 1 am not likely to forget you-your kind Snenss-even if we never meet again.' ' Two persine canhardly live in Tun Sbridge Wells without meeting occasion \- ally,' I answered with an attempt at [cheerfulness. ' We shall see,' she said, and as my Shand held her own she pressed it de r cidedly. I stood gazing after her as she walked Sacross the common, taking a direct line to Sthe lane which led to The Friars, over the young furze and bracken. It may have been owing to her desire to preserve a brave exterior, lest I should follow and importune her further, but I noticed that her step was light and free, while the supple body, the well-poised head, seemed to imlicate perfect physical health and strength, strongly in contrast with my aiagnease of her mental condition. S CHAPTER VII.-DR. DONALDSON.I, Knowing no rest until I made sure of MIrs Mannmingtree's return, I left my house in the London road a httle before nine o'clock that evening and strolled Stowards The Friars. Punctually to the minute Mrs Hutchiugs came along the Slane with a bag bulging beneath her shawl, and I knew that Dora was alone Sin the desolate house with Lascelles. Without thinking that she had any actual l cause for alarm, I could imagine her feel ings, and, in truth, my own .were not favourably disposed towards him. Turning from the lane to the common, a little before ten o'clock, I heard the sound of wheels; a carriage passed me driving in the direction whence I had come. I retraced my steps, and saw Mrs Manningtree Alight at The Friars. She was closely veiled ; but as the moonlight fell upon her, it was impossible to be mistaken. Yet she.had assuredly not come from either of the stations, nor, unless shle had subsequently indulged in a country drive, from London. Re-assured, however, by her return, I walked home contentedly, and, smoking a 1 pipe alone afterwards, tried to persuade myself that Dora's fears would soon for p sake her. Then I estimated my own Schances of success in the enterprise which Swas the most important of my life, and in a this respect also, retired to bed not entirely hopeless. STwo days later-on Thursday, the 5th of August-I was walking the afternoon Sround, when, meeting the carriage of Dr. Smith, one of the most. popular practi tioners in the town, I was surprised to recognise the face of an old Bart.'s man. SLying back in the victoria, with one arm extended along its lowered hood, Dsnald son appeared monarch of, at least, all he surveyed: a fair, curly-haired handsome fellow, with the faintest trace of whiskers and no sign of a moustache, his youthful Sappearance might have been greatly in his disfavour if it had not been compen sated for by an air of patronising import ance. Though he was my junior, I never felt so young as when in his presence. ' Donaldson ! Donaldson !' I shouted; Sand, turning his head slowly, he stared Sround with lifted eyebrows as if to inquire Swho on earth dared to take so great a liberty.- Recognizing me, however, he smiled graciously, and, telling the coach Sman to stop, waited until the carriage was properly drawn up by the kerb before ralighting. 'Why, Everest, my dear fellow!' he Scried, offering his hand in, his over whelming way as he looked down from Shis greater height. HEe stood six feet two 1 inches in his boote. 'What are you doing I here V' S'Didn't I tell you 1' I answered. 'I Shave settled down to a practice here.' ' If you did, I forget it,' he said, as if he had a number of impdrtant affairs on Shis mind. ' Glad you have settled down, at any rate. Some people thought you never would, you know. I am looking t after Smith's practice while he is in t Switzerland.: An awful lot to do! tre mendous practice ! All the tip top people i in the place.' 'Come in and see me to-night,' Isug gested; 'my house is just round the 1 corner in the London Road.' S'My dear fellow,' I never have a a moment. I only arrived the night before Slast, and I have been a slave ever since -a perfect slave. - You must came to me; \- you know Smith's place, of course. Come Sand have some dinner to-morrow, seven So'clock. I assented, and, first beckoning the I coachman to pull up by the exact spot on which he stood, he entered the car. I risge. The sympathetic reader willunderstand a why I smoked out-of-doors that even Sing ; and if he has ever been to Tunbridge SWells, he will know thai 'out-of-doors I signifies the common, which forms the \- lungs of the town. Indeed, quitting my 1 my door, it was necessary only to cross a the narrow road to find one's feet on the Sgrass. Strolling towards Mount Ephraim, \- andpast the Wellington Hiotel, I took Sthe second lane on the right, and stopped I a few hundred yards down to stare at the \- high, dismal house, with its top floor in total darkness, and to indulge in many 'long, long thoughts' of one of its- in a mates. It was late when I left home, and when I again reached the common I eleven o'clock had struck. Disinclined Sfor sleep, instead of going home, I a turned to the right along the road leading Sto Rusthall Common. The night was oppressively hot, and I took a seat at the corner, facing a small pond. The moon was rising, but the tall elms behind kept me in the shadow. Not a sound was to be heard. I had been there perhaps a quarter of an hour, when I distinguished the sound of a horse's hoofs on the hard road from Langton, and presently saw what looked like a white, open, funeral car approaching. As the churchyard was so close at hand, the suggestion was un canny. The vehicle stopped almost opposite my seat, and now :I perceived that it was a quaint conveyance, narrow enough to pass through an ordinary doorway, with room for only one-person on each seat, whilPt its lower portion was painted white, and to represent wicker work. The driver clumsily alighted 'to open its door, when to my surprise a woman stepped out, and in spite of her long thick veil, so out of place on this sultry night, I at once recognised Mrs Manningtree. Before I had time to speculate concern ing the motive which led her to alight half a mile from her own door, she leaned within the vehicle, and helped someone else out of it. She also was closely veiled: a tall, slender girl, who could be none other than Dora. The driver being paid, very liberally, to judge by his thanks, remounted the box, and turning his horse drove back the way he had come. The girl took Mrs Manningtree's prof fered arm, and the pair walked away together. It astonished me that Dora should lean for support on her step. mother, but I remained quietly where I was until they had obtained a fair start and then set out slowly in pursuit. Now I should have resented, indignantly, the assection that I could fail to be certain of Dora's identity at any time or place. I should not have doubted her identity even now, if I had not seen alight in her windown and construed this as a token of her presence at The Friars.' The girl's height was the same as Dora's ; her hair, as well as I could dis tingluish by the light of the moon, was as fair; the only difference was a certain heaviness of gait, unlike her light, buoy ant movement. But, on the other hand, the girl, who ever she might be, was in bad health, and this probably affected her demeanour. Occasionally she coughed, when, bending over her, Mrs Manningtree would whisper in her ear, and, if the cough did not cease, it sounded muffled. What could Dora be doing on Rusthall Common with Mlrs MVanningtree at midnight ? Irdeed, what could Mrs Manningtree be doing with or without Dora? Why, if she had driven from Langton or one of the ad jacent villages, did she not alight at her own house ? Trying to silence my doubts, to assure myself that her companion could be none other than Dora, I followed cautiously unr.til they turned down the lane and pre sently entered the gates of The Friars. Mr Lascelles opened the door before they reached it, as if he had been watching for their coming; they entered the dimly lighted bhall, and the door was closed behind them. I heard the bolt shot into its socket. Between the lathe of the Venetian blind in Dora's bedroom, fell a faint light, and on the other side of the house, diirectly over the room ir which my patient breathed his last, on the unused cop story, I also perceived a light : a thin streak at the top of the window, to be' accounted for only by the fact that the shutters were closed but failed exactly to reach the lintel. As Iturried reluctantly from the house, and' at last came again to the open common, which looked cold in the flood of moonhlight, though the night was still hot and oppressive, I began to think I was as superstitious as Dora herself. I could not shake off a sense of vague un easiness. There was mystery abroad to night. It seemed ridiculous to believe that Mrs Msnningtree's companion was not Dora. Yet if she was Dora, what was the explanation of her presence, of the weakness under which she evidently laboured. These were questions I was entirely unable to answer, although I sat up trying to do so well into the small hours Seven o'clock on Friday evening found my legs beneath Dr. Smith's mahogany, whilst Doualdoon did the honours to his solitary guest. Dinner over,. I had lighted my pipe and Donaldson was rolhing a cigarette, while he discoursed eloquently of his labours, when 'he' was called to the consulting room. Left alone, 1 walked to the window, where I stood looking out on the dar ken. ing street, until the room door opened and Donaldson re-entered with his hat on. 'Awfully sorry, my dear fellow,' he said, taking his gloves from the sideboard. '& deuce of a bore to think a man can't have ten minutes to himself. Iam just going across the common. I shan't be long ; you will find heaps of books on the shelf.' Before I could reply he was talking to someone in the hall, and as I heard the voice that answered him, I was transfixed by suir'prise. Alow-toned, grating, voice, contrasting with Donaldson's somewhat strident tones.. As the street door was slammed, I drew close to the window taking care to be hidden by the curtains. My anticipations were confirmed ::the closely buttoned-up figure beside Donald son was Mr Lascelles. (To be continued.) Some people never find out that an opportunity is an opportunity until it has turned the next corner. A young man was lately seen with two heads on his shoulders. It was not a curi osity, as one belonged to his sweetheart. Iner-edible. She: Charley, I believe he's a estimable crab.' He: 'You mean eligib~e you silly.' She :. ' Yes,. that' it ; one that you can eat.' There is nothing more tantalising to a man to go home with something in his mind he wants to scold about eand find com pany there, and be obliged to act agree ably. 'Sorry I've no better quarters to invite you all to, Mrs Quiverfull.'" 'Ah, you should marry, Captain Sparts. If you'd got a better half you'd have better quar ters too. Q.-Who was Procrustes? What. was the Bed of Procustes ? A.-He was an ancient philosopher who' never would~get up in the morning. Hence the word fora person who puts off: or delays,. vie,' one who Procrustinates.' 