out and about. By Demos. Moral from the Macleay Election — The enormous value of determination. 5- When Frank Clarke first announced | his candidature both friends and foes | , agreed that he had not the ghost of a. show. A less resolute man, meeting ,, with the discouragement he did at the .. beginning would have thrown up the r sponge. Practically he stood alone at \- first ; he had not a single friend at his meeting in Basclie's hall to move a ' vote of confidence. Gradually, however, iron determination won the day. A per- son who makes up his mind, and will not change it if broken worlds fal(, about him, has a tremendous advan tage over other people because as a ; rule men are easily swayed and give : .way sooner or later before, or come over to the side of, the individual of ;firm purpose. This was exactly the .case with Mr. Clarke — those who at first shrugged their shoulders and -laughed at his pretensions as an untried man finally espoused his cause : one brought another ; jealousy was smothered, and so his support increased up to victory point. Most certainly Mr. Clarke has no one primarily to : thank for his return but himself — .himself and his own bull dog courage. ' There may be some soreness amongst Mr. Dangar's friends at the result, but no one can deny that, in Mr. Clarke's own words, he conducted his r candidature on the most straight and m.ost honorable lines. ' Alderman Gilfillan fulfils the duties of Mayor in so admirable a manner as a rule, that regret will be generally felt at his hasty action in the Munici pal Council on Friday evening last in ' respect to a letter from Mr. Geo. Sawyer. This latter gentleman wrote , to the Mayor and Aldermen pointing out what he believed to be neglect of duty by one of the municipal officers. Now, it must be perfectly plain that Mr. Sawyer was entirely within his rights as a ratepayer in doing this, and was entitled, so long as his com munication was respectively worded, \- and there was no question as to that, to have it treated with courtesy. . Those , present at the meeting were . therefore surprised when the Mayor, on the letter being read, emphatically refused to receive it on the ground that the writer had no reason to inter- fere with the officer in question. That argument cannot hold good for a single instant. Carry it to its logical conclusion, and where are you ? I do not say that Mr. Wooderson has done wrong, far from it, but I do say, and I believe the great body cf my readers will agree with me, that the action of the Mayor in treating a respectfully worded letter from a ratepayer on such a matter with as much contempt as if it had been a stab-iu-the-dark anonymous communication, was dis tinctly llladvised. What queer money we will soon have ! First of all there are the Gov ernment notes now being issued under the Current Accounts Bill. They will be legal tender, and be circulated the same as bank notes. The paper will be. white, and the notes will be £1 (printed in black), £5 (in brown;, £10 (in orange), £20 (in green), and £50 (in blue). The various denominations of notes will each be of a different shape. Then there is the big issue of bank notes authorised under the Bank Issue Bill. I have seen two specimens of those sent out by the Bank of New South Wales and they are beauties and no mistake. There was no time to order paper from England when depositors were rushing for their cash, so the notes were produced hot haste by a Sydney firm with not very artistic results. But the most serious defect is the door they seemingly open for fraud, for certainly it would appear that this issue could be very readily forged. The £1 and £5 notes are the same colour, the only difference being the numbers one and five printed at the four corners and one and five written in the body of the note. 