MR. T. P. 0V0NN0R, M P., AND HIS NEW PAPER. Few journalit-ts who write (says the Pall Mall Gazette) have had so valuable an experience as Mr. T. P. O'Connor, In the first place he is an Irishman, and became a journalist before Bhaking the mud of the Emerald Itle from his boots. For developing an aspiring journalist's points there is no city in the world equal to Dublin. Mr. O'Con nor eEcaped from Iceland on a vacation. Arriving in London, he. like thousands before him, felt the fascination exercised by this diogy, delightful, marvellous old town. He resolved to stay. Ho stayed. For a time he was connected with the Daily Telegraph. Then, in a forgetful moment, perhap?, he dnftad into the service of tbe New York Herald. Exactly why the connection was eevered we do not think Mr. O'Connor knows to this day. However, in the same boat with him are an army. Then be devoted himself to maga zine and other literary work, and in one of his pauses concluded to write a biography of Lord Beacon6field. This attracted attention. Had it not done so there would have been little consola tion to Mr. O'Connor, for he worked at it with the persistence of a slave who is working for freedom, sometimes putting in as much bo 10 hours a day. In 1880 he entered politics. Being an Iiiihrncn ho wa°, naturally, ' agin the Government/' though it bo happens that at the present moment he isn't. The man who at any period of bis life makes his living with his pen may ao well decide afe the outset that he nill continue to write. The fever only gives up the ghost when all the other mental and physical faculties lay down their arms : never before. In spite of the glamour ske rounding Parliamentary life to the neophyte, the older glamour waa too strong foe Mr. O'Connor. Between 4 and 6 o'clock every morning when Parliament was sitttBg he r/rote the parliamentary sketch for the Pall Mall. And bis identity was not disclosed. This is an evidence of more than cleverness in a journalist whose stjlo is pro nounced. Afterwards Mr. O'Connor went to America. Tnere he became a platform speaker in the caute of Home Rule for Ireland. Soon after his return to London be bought out tbe Star. Fcr six months mo°t of his time was occupied in raising the capital for the venture. It ia difficult to kill a newspaper which has been established ; it is more difficult to obtain sufficient capital to establish one. This feat was accomplished by Me1. O'Connor. He did more than raise the necessary capital and establish a newspaper ; he made the Star a startling success. Having made it a suc cess, he found it necessary to fight against some of the men who were connected with the enter prize. Life was too short. He Bold out hia interett, after a fi.^ht lasting for a yew, for 4514,000' He was in tbe United States with Mr. Dillon and Mr. O'Brien, at Mr. Parnell's request, when the split in the Iri3h party oc urrnl H-a returned to Londcnand created the Sunday Sun. Tbe Sunday Sun is to give place to the Wbkkly Sun. The latter wilJ be an altogether different-locking and different paper from the former. His intention is to give Lis readers the best weekly paper printed for a penny, and to make it as interesting and as valuable eb i2 it were Bold for sixpence. When Parliament is in session c, weekly resuino' of its doings will be written by Mv. O'Connor in that style which ia peculiarly his own. While in conversation with our representative he ex pressed hi3 gratification that among the readers of his papeK were as many political opponents as friends. The Weekly Sun will have finf qaartfi-?. Mv. O'Connor hao secured a lea=e of the Daily Tele graph building in Tudor-etreet, from which we understand Mr. E. T. Cook's newnvening light of ♦^ladt'tonianism, the Westminster Gazette, will also flash temporarily upon the world. The Melbourne tramway employes bave formed an association in spite of a threat from the direc tors that the men appointed aa delegates will be dismissed. Infernal machines v/ith lighted fueon havo been found at the residence of the American Minister in Eome. It is estimated that damage to the extent of nearly 431,000,000 has been done by the flooda in the MaiUand district. 1 