THE LAUGHING JACKASS. Tho laughing jackass at the 'Zoological Gardens is a broad low-oomedy srt of bird, who usually makes yoor acquaihtauco in a little gameof spoof of his own. He knows that youhavecome to the edge to bear him laugh; so he won't do .it. But In order to keep you there in- expectancy as long as possible, he pretends to have 'discovered an enemy , or something to eat, or the ghost of some other jaokass, elose by. He stares intently at nothing, and then tarns round and inspeots it on the other aide. He oronohes cautiously on his peroh and looks at it cornerwiss. He organises an elaborate plan of strategy, and makes a beginning of fttmniaiihitiir nnftiino nn tin.+no 7To finAa that it Las Observed him, and forthwith dnokB his head and looks ont warily. It moveB, and he follows it intently with his eyes ; he seems abont to spring at nothing, and yon become excited ; when he suddenly ' lets it go and grins at you, and you realise that you are sold. The laughing jaokassis not adistbguiehed joker, like the raveu. He is a very frantic sort of buffoon ; one who imagines h9 has a funny reputation to maint&iu;, and who strains to maintain it at all hazards. WMoh is why he hursts into his demonaio laugh at : certain regular times of the day— a habit whioh has earned him the unflattering name of the ' Settlers' Olook.' The faot is, he haB been trying for hours, unsuooessfuUy, to think of a joke, andlaugbB to make the world believe that he has made one. . It is: noticeable that with these birds laughing is highly infeotioaa, and that when , one starts the rest join at onoe, eaoi trying to ontsoream the others. Every individual: is trying to claim the joke for himself.;: Personally, I inoline to the belief that the , laughing jackass, as a tribe, has only one joke, Mutual admiration societies axe formed, and the members tell eaoh other this joke in turn, and laugh unanimously. You may see the system in operation here.; One bird will burst upon a few friends with the air of a breathless discoverer and a vast number of ohnckles. He tells the ancestral joke, in confidence, to jaokass the second. Then the two scream and choke with delirious laughter, and so forth— and fifth, and sixth— till every jaokass is soreaming for a minute together, till the regular amount of mutual admiration has been expanded, and they stop suddenly and cook their beaks demurely for the appropriation af visitors. , ( . 