Hobart's Whaling Days, A DEFUNCT INDU STE Y. RECOLLECTIONS OF THE FLEET. INTERESTING MARINE RELICS. (BY "THE GBEENHAND.") At one time the whaling trade waa one of th» main industries of Tasmania, and up to about 14 or 15 years the little island colony exported, per palling ßhips, large quantities of oil, &c;, to the London market. Now, however, the industry is well-ni^h moribund, the large fleet of the past having dwindled down to about three vessels. A few years ago that portion of the River Der went in front of Government House presented a picturesque appearance, and afforded a sad com mentary on the decline of the whaling trade. There were moored some half dozen or more vessels, barques, and brigs, totally dismantled, and strongly suggesting the old horse turned out to die. All these vessels had been whalers, some of them noted once for their large "takes." Scarcity of whales and fall in the price of oil made it unprofitable to run them any longer; and so they were brought up at last to what was locally named, like the resting places of the wooden walls in the great naval seaports, Rotten Row. Some of them were bought for coal hulks, others for magazines, and one-the old brig Velocity-after a long Bpell here, gave up the ghost and sank, leaving her crosstrees just above water. In the heyday of the trade the Hobart whaling fleet consisted of about 20 vessels, all of which were constantly in commission. There were the Der went Hunter, the Asia, Sapphire, Emily Downing, Othello, Affley, Flying Childers, Waterwitch, Islander, Onward, Marie Laurie, Sea Shell, Maid of Erin, Louisa, and Velocity. Now all that re mains, so far as my knowledge goes, are tho Asia and the Waterwitch. Those of the others that did not come to "Rotten Row" were wrecked, and their timbers in several instances are still to be seen in places on the coast. The average length of a cruise was 18 months ; the grounds most favored being off the South west Cape and the Solanders. As a vessel got her casks filled she put back to port to discharge, and then resumed her voyage. It was a common thing once to see whalers lying two abreast off the new wharf, and all around was life and anima tion,- The wharf covered with casks echoed with the ring of coopers* hammers, and the great barrels rose from the holds to the cry of the chantyman. It did not require that one should have too delicate an olfactory sense then, for the air was thick with the smell of blubber, and grease was over everything. lb meant wealth though, and such scenes would be welcome again. A whale ship's arrival was always a source ol interest, especially if she were a "full ship.'J Then the crew showed their glee as sailors onlj can. When, however, luck had been bad, more dismal mariners never were. Given an advance note on shipping the men of the whalers received no further money unless oil was got. If the shir took oil, a percentage of the value was paid ove« for the cruise, each man being1 on a certain " lay,' or proportion of the value. With no oil on board thecrew received nothing, and often worein debt tx the ship for " slops." Several times New Bedfoic whalers called in to discharge oil and refil at Hobart, their cruise generally lasting for tbre< years. The Othello, a Hobartowned barque once came in with over 100 tons of sperm oil, anc as the article was then ab a good price her crew held high festival for some days. The captains and mates of the vessels were as t rule good seamen, who had spent their lives ii whaling. The boat-steerers and harpooners, some times half-bred Maoaes, were smart fellows too The remainder of the hands were a scratch lo' generally, many of them greenhorns who ha< never been to sea before. The great thing wai the ability to pull an oar and cut blubber For the rest the work was comparative!; light. Almost always under easy canvas there wa3 little work aloft eave handling the top sails and doing a turn in the " crow's nest." Th advance note business often caused owner and captains much trouble. The note wa made payable in full after the ship saile to the relatives of the whalemen. Too ofter however, it was cashed beforehand by publican and marine storekeepers at a ruinous discount. i spree was the result, and Jack was missing. 1 was a common sight to see the police take a boal load of fellows handcuffed off to a vessel in th stream, and on several occasions, in orde to prevent the anchor being weighed, th old-fashioned windlass handles were throw: overboard. A mutiny, too, was not a thing un known in the whaling days, and several cam within the writer's ken; one in particular whe the captain shot one of the mutineers with hi rifle. He was tried for it and acquitted, As a rule the vessels were old-fashioned, bluf! bowed craft, with plenty of beam. Double topsai yards wero seldom seen. On the davits two o three boats a-side were carried, and aft in som ships were two more on skids, under which th grains and harpoons were stowed. The trying-ou coppers, built in brick, wera amidships, and thi forecastle was below forward. They were staune! old craft, and had almost all been in the merchan service before the steamboat era set in. The Aladdin was a very interestin i vessel, an one with a history. She had been a brig in th old French navy and was one of the English prize in the battle of the Nile. Her big, broad ster waB covered with carvings of castles and coats c arms, and when she was dismantled and etrippe traces of the great battle were found in the shap of a couple of Bmali shot in her timbers. The forecastle of a whaler was never an ir viting place. Dark, stuffy, and blackened wit the smoke of the slush lamp; here some 20 o more men lived for many months at a time, fiilin in their watch below with tattooing, gambling fe tobacco, singing and yarning, or making curios c whalpbone and carving the teeth of the leviatbai The business, as before said, ia now well-nig defunct, and the men and ship?, too, are vanishec The proposal to start a colonial fleet in th Antarctic whaling ground is being strongly urge in many quarters, and no doubt if it comes to anything, the "tight little isl md" will be only too ready to again take a hand in what was once a source of treat profit to her. 