SCIENTIFIC MISCELLANY. (SPECIALLY COMPILED FOR THE BENDIGO INDEPENDENT.) OUR TABLE UTENSILS — A French writer attempts to truce table utensila—most of them of recent introduction-to their origin. The Romans took their meals lying upon very low oouobos, and it was not until about tbo time of Charloui'goo that a stand wai used,around which guests wore seated on cushions, while tho table mode iU appearance in the Middle AgiM, and with it caino honchos with books. Tbo Greeks and Romans ato from o kind of porringer, yet during a portion ot the middle Ago* slices of bread out round took the place of plate*. Tbo spoon is very ancient, and many flno upccimona nro in existence that wore used by tbo Egyptians in tho seventeenth century B C. The knife—though very old - had not cornu into common a»*o as a table utensil in tho tenth century. The fork was absolutely unknown to tho Greeks and Romans, appeared only as a curiosity in the Middle Ages, and was llrst used upon the table by lloury 111. Drinking cups—in the Middle Ages, made from metal, more or less precious—naturally date from tho remotest antiquity. Tho use of glasses, from \ enico, began to Imj general in tbo llftoenlb century. Tbo Halt-cellar appeared at a very early date, and occupied the place of honor at banquets of the Greeks and Romas, many of them being of gold and silver. The castor), is pro bably not older than the sixteenth century. Tim Silk Spinning Oyster.—A mollusc that might take an important place in textile industries if it existed in sufficient numbers, is found in warm seas, uspeoially on tbo coast of Sicilv. It is tbo Pinna, a genus of wing-shelled bivalves, of which one species attaint a length of two feet, To attach it self to tho rocks it spins a cable of strong filament*, called collectively tho byssus. These threads arc wonderfully strong, silken in texture, and have boon woven into various delicate fabrics. A pur of gloves from this material may bo soon iu the British Museum, and fine mummy-cloths msdo from it by tno ancients are still preserved. An Electric Incubator, in which the temperature of tho ogg-drawor is aothomati cully regulated to the fiftieth of a degree Fahrenheit, has been exhibited in Liverpool. Exposures von Instantaneous Pictures. —So-called instantaneous photographs are taken in a length of lime varying according to tho nature of the subject. For portraiture, tho magnesium flash is so auddou that tbo pupil of the eye has not time to contract ; but the exposure of auoh illumination is so blow that u rotating clock-taco wit i a oiroum fercntinl motion of 40 miles an hour gave only an indistinct blur in tho picture. By tbo ordinary electric spark, tbo moving clock-face was photographed perfectly, as was also an express train passing tbo camera (which was travelling on a train iu the opposite direction) at the rate of 100 miles an hour. But oven tbo electric spark takes a certain and not in variable time, and this has boon investigated by Professor C. V. Bqys by means of a re volving mirror. Throe sparks wore photo graphed. Tho first, seemingly instantaneous, lasted as long ns one one hundred thousandth of a second, and was too slow to give n good photograph of a rifle bullet; whereas a spark made by other apparatus was practically ex tinct in one ten millionth of a second and totally so in one one millionth. Tho third spark was oven more rapid. By sparks of tho second type perfect photographs wore secured of rifle bullets moving from 1295 to 3000 foot per second. Deterioration of India-Rubber. —In an investigation of the decay of rubber, Mr. W. Thompson has found that copper salts, which arc sometimes oven used for dyeing rubber goods black, have a very injurious effect. Metallic copper causes oxidation and harden ing of rubber in contact with it. Oils con taining traces of copper quickly destroy rub ber. and linseed oil contains an acid that rots rubber cloth. Only castor oil, in fact, is harmless. Volatile substances are emitted during the oxidation and burdening of rubber, as is shown by the odor and by the discolor ation of blotting paper when placed over rub ber that is decaying. A Russian Disciple of Pasteur, Dr. Uari kino, has demonstrated by experiments upon animals and himself that cholera may bo pre vented by inoculation. A Fkknvii,, Phakamauirt, the mayor of Bounnont, haifl graduated from a medical college at the age of 69, becoming a regularly qualified physician. What is it?— The growth of plant*, tbo flight of birds, the physical energy of a (’or bolt or a Sullivan, and tho mental activity of a Gladstone, are all dependent upon organs supposed to consist of, or to have been de veloped from protoplasm. In the lowest and simplest living beings, tho entire body is hut a single formless lump of this jelly-like material. Of all tho wonderful products of organic nature, declares Professor Proyer of Berlin,none equals living protoplasm with re spect to tho complex character of structure and tho manifold changes of function. 11 shows all tbo fundamental phenomena of liv ing beings without a single distinct organ or tissue. It works without tools, and moves without limbs. Currents go to and fro in its interior, hut there are no vessels like lympha tic vessels or blood-vessels. Pulsations go on, vaouols expand and contract rhythmically, but they are not hearts, and appear and vanish and reappear. Protoplasm breathes, but there are no lungs and no gills. Tbo rbizopods, os well as the colorless blood cor puscles, incorporate solid particles and liquid, but they have no mouth. They have no glands, and go on secreting all the material which builds up by differentiation the whole organism. All living protoplasm produces boat and electricity without any localized process, and thoro can bo no doubt that liv ing protoplasm has to a certain extent sensi bility. Protoplasm grows,»nd then is divided into now particles, which, being identical with the primitive substance, present tho simplest cause of heredity. Wbat is it that makes protoplasm behave in so peculiar a manner? is a great question, and bo who answers it will solve the problem of life. A Fairly-Preserved Papyrus Book, con taining about twenty chapters of Zcohariah and fragments of Malaehi, was lately found in Egypt. It is a Greek translation, and ap parently dates from the fourth century, mak ing it tbo oldest Bible manuscript now known. This treasure is in tho possession of Theodor Graf of Vienna, Tup, Aluminum Works in Switzerland — tho largest in the world—use a wafer power of 1500 horse power, and turn out about 1200 pounds of tbo metal daily. The Hamburg authorities have seized 100 oases of American dried apples, claiming that they contained oxide of zinc, having been evaporated in a galvanised iron frame. Bodies of the dead' suspended within hol lows of the Baobab tree,that grows in Africa, ore transformed into mummies, without far ther process of ombalmeat. A lady writes from Germany that she is discouraged about learning the Gorman lan guage. A German friend who tried to con verse with her in English, made inch a mis take that, she fears she may do os badly in German. The German gentleman innocently gave this rendering of a familiar saying: “The ghost is willing but the meat is feeble.” The boarding hr the people of I„dU is shewn by the loot (bat in that-coun try (be Mid and other ornaments nour lying idle ere estimated to be worth over ' o • - 