THE MERCURY. HOBART : MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1893. EPITOME OF NEWS. Parliament resumes to-morrow. Taxation bills again this week. The Taranna runs to New Norfolk every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Fire at Sandy Bay last night. Damage trifling. Sayes' Court, Bagdad, destroyed by fire on Saturday night. At Theatre Royal to-night Kindred Souls will be reproduced. Annual meeting of Drapers and Grocers Assistants' Association convened for this evening at 8 o'clock. Handicap pigeon-shooting match at Enter- prise Hotel, Brighton, postponed from 25th inst. to November 8. Derwent Rowing Club holds annual meet- ing at Masonic-hall to-morrow evening, for purposes set forth in advertisement. Annual meeting of friends and subscribers of House of Mercy will be held at Bishops- court to-morrow afternoon, at 3.30. High-street Wesleyan Sunday-school annual public meeting this evening at 7.30. Prize distribution, addresses, singing, etc. Melbourne Bicycle Club spring race meet- ing fixed for 2nd and 9th December next. Entries close on October 28. Particulars in advertisement. Holden, the forger, gets four years in gaol. Railway collision in Detroit ; 25 victims. West Australian loan successfully floated. Coal strikers in Lancashire committing dynamite outrages. Parisians still going wild over their Russian guests. R.M.S. Massilia arrived at Albany from Colombo at 9.30 p.m. on Saturday. Australians victors in the Detroit cricket match. Glasson, the Carcoar murderer, condemned to death, with no chance of reprieve. Victoria will probably be represented at the Hobart Exhibition. Australian Premiers concur in the non- necessity of a Federal Council meeting at Hobart during the coming summer. Details of agreement between marine engineers and steam boat owners have been cabled from Sydney. Fine weather for concluding day of V.A.T.C. spring meet. Caulfield Cup won by Tim Swiveller, one of the outside division. Sir Joseph Morphett, formerly President of South Australian Legislative Council, has died in England. Some sharp fighting in Mashonaland. A hundred rebels killed ; also one British officer. A SOMEWHAT curious and very instruc- tive discussion has been going on in the London papers, on " naval obedi- ence and its limits." The discussion is one of great interest and importance, not only because it deals with a subject of current talk, namely, the loss of the Victoria and the apportionment of blame therefor, but also because it touches on a subject which may be said to lie at the root of many of the matters by which the world seems likely to be shaken. So far as the question of naval and military dis- cipline goes, it may be roughly summed up in the maxim " It is a soldier's duty to obey," or to put the case as TENNYSON has in his Charge of the Light Brigade, " theirs not to reason why." In fact, there is to be found a remarkable parallel between that famous charge and the sinking of the Victoria, for in both cases the subordinate officer knew that " someone had blundered." In the case of the Victoria there was, however, a double blunder, for not only was an order given which was sure to lead to disaster, but when the disaster had actually occurred a signal was hoisted to annul the sending of the boats to the rescue from the other ships of the squadron. Inquiry has shown that this latter signal was made as calmly and as coolly as if merely a piece of routine signalling was being gone through, though, as it has been said, "every man in the fleet know that the men whom the boats could not reach were doomed." The act has been described as one "of unsurpassed obedience and heroism," and may be taken as a proof that the days of British pluck and coolness have not passed away, although we hear so much gabble about all sorts of wishy-washy and absurd principles of action, and still more absurd principles of inactivity. But, apart from the splendid example of discipline and heroic calmness at a time and on an occasion when panic would have been excusable, we have had revived the great, old questions of the value of obedience, and the explicit right of those who do know, or at least are supposed to know, to direct those who cannot know, as an almost universal and uniform rule. In a discussion on the subject between a naval officer and a civilian, which has been published in The Times, and which is an actual record of what took place, we find the whole case fairly stated, and we may say that it is conclusive on the side of obedience. Indeed, we hardly requiredi the statement of a naval officer or any other officer to inform us that obedience is essential in all warlike affairs, and has to be enforced at all hazards, but we may say with the civilian who is a party to the dis- cussion, " I did not think that you had so strong a case." The following, though not seldom for- gotten by glib critics, may be regarded as the statement of a truism :—" What makes great com- manders great is a disinclination to tolerate remonstrance. If a service is to play its part properly in war it must be accustomed to obey, even when obedience means destruction. . . . Implicit obedience has led to disasters ; it will lead to more ; but great triumphs are impossible without it, and the disasters due to it are fewer and smaller than those due to the absence of it." Again, the naval officer is made to say :—" Strength of character, especially in a military ser- vice, almost inevitably goes with pro- fessional capacity. For one disaster due to the inflexibility of the strong man we have to acknowledge a thousand benefits, whilst the disas- trous results of the strong man's in- flexibility are insignificant in number compared with those of the weak man's vacillation." All this is, of course, but a synopsis of the very wide experience of the world in warfare, in which branch of human industry it has shown itself to be more enlightened than in any other. A priori, if we did not have history to guide us, we might well say that no men could be so foolish as to do what soldiers do almost daily as a matter of course, and yet, foolish as the business appears in one way, the fact is made plain that apparent foolishness is true wisdom after all. The consequences of war are so certain and so inevitable that people are brought down to the facts by the most effective of all teaching, so that in warlike organisa- tions and practice we get at what the most potent experience has proved to mankind. Now, the one primary fact that this experience has proved is, the absolute necessity of implicit, un- questioning obedience. The few ex- ceptions but go to prove the rule. NELSON was splendidly disobedient when he put his telescope to his blind eye at Copenhagen and refused to see the signal for recall, but this sort of thing, though it may succeed in one case, fails in ten thousand. The practice of war is based essentially on a calculation of chances, which shows, beyond all possibility of dispute, that safety and honour lie together on the side of obedienco without question. It is, in fact, found by experience, bought at an enormous price in blood and treasure, that it is far safer to trust to the rule of men appointed to com- mand, with all their possible faults, than to allow a doubt to be hinted or a remonstrance to be made. This is exemplified in the aphorism, " A council-of-war never fights," though this does not include the whole case, for the commander having once de- cided, with or without his council, from that point implicit obedience becomes the law under penalty of swift and certain death. In this experience lies concealed the secret of the general welfare. What is true of war, that is, of the struggle of man against man, is true also of all struggles for existence or for well- being. Experience shows us that in- dustrial experiments are subject to the same conditions as warfare, and that they only succeed in proportion as those conditions are carried out. This is what does not appear to be at all per- ceived by those who have projects for the welfare of mankind, though it lies at the root of all Social- istic schemes whatsoever, for they are all based on the assumption that the individual shall do what is for the general benefit, no matter how humble his duty may be. This is the rule in war, in which the sentry who sleeps on his post is incontinently shot, and in which the main business is, to see that all the details are care- fully and faithfully carried out. In industries, that is, great industries, capital enforces this law, and thus great establishments are built up and carried on, not, perhaps, always in the very best way, but infinitely better than they could be carried on if implicit obedience was not ensured. When industrial organisers, trade- unions and others, shall fully recog- nise this fundamental fact of the necessity of implicit obedience to an industrial command, then we may hope to see a new era, but not until then. For, the one condition of success is, in all struggles for exist-- ence, whether in war or in what is called peace, that the one man who knows shall command those who do not know, and that they shall obey. THE Ministry was reproached in the Legis- lative-Council with having destroyed Tech- nical Education, but the reproach was, as the result shows, not merited. It has neither destroyed Technical Education nor the University, though it has been said to be guilty of the murder of both, and the crime, if it had been a crime, must have been laid at the door of the majority in the Assembly. We are of opinion, however, that the reductions made in both these votes might have been spared, even in the present state of the colony, for nothing can be more certain than that money laid out in the promotion of knowledge of all kinds is money well invested. It is absolutely true in such a case that the bread cast upon the waters is returned to us after many days, though in ways which we cannot always trace, and often in ways which are alto- gether disbelieved in by those clever people who because they know a little think that they know everything. We have had to say many times, and we do not think that we can too often repeat the saving, that this colony stands in urgent need of practical knowledge, and it may be as well to remember that practical grows out of what is usually regarded as theoretical know- ledge. It is well that the Assembly has so far retraced its steps as to keep Technical Education alive, so that we may hope that the time will come when it will be able and willing to deal with it more liberally than it feels justified in doing at present. It seems to us, however, that a reform is required in the method by which Technical Education is carried out, inasmuch as the Board system can hardly be said to have been, on the whole, a success. We know that it is very difficult to make Boards understand that they do not understand, because they are conscious that they mean well, and they cannot perceive that there is anything to learn which they do not know. But, the plain truth is, that men not accustomed to deal with educational matters generally interfere in things which they do not under- stand, and will not leave those who ought to regulate the system alone to do the work which they are solely qualified to do. It is not worth while now to cite the many examples to be found, but we may point out that Boards are put to do work for which they have no special qualification, and so make troubles and failures. THE Meteorological Department report for 1892 has just been issued. It comes some- what late, but for that the Government Printing Office is responsible. The report proper is brief, and is, as usual, a mere pro- logue to a mass of tabulated matter wherein the meteorological phenomena of the year, the variations of wind and weather, heat and cold, are amplified in varied form. The illness of the late Captain Shortt broke the continuity oi observations in Hobart for the months of March, April, May, and June, which is unfortunate, because in all other respects the records bear evidence of being carefully and systematically kept, and the results accurately calculated. Taking the tables as they stand, we find that the mean temperature in Hobart, in the shade, was 54.40, the extreme range being from 32.0 on May 4 to 93.8 on February 28. The solar maximum of radiation was 154.0 on November 19. Rain fell in Hobart on 108 days in the year, and the total fall was 15.00 inches, so far as the record was com- pleted. At Launceston the mean tempera- ture in the shade was 54.72, the minimum being 27.5 on August 4 and 7, and the maximum 92.5 on February 18. The solar maximum of radiation was 142.5 on De- cember 29. Rain fell there on 138 days, and 'the total fall was 25.42 inches. The records of maximum pressure of air at different stations show a remarkable approach to uni- formity. Thus—Southport, 30.479 ; Oat- lands, 30.454 ; Falmouth, 30.483 ; Laun- ceston, 30.499 ; Low Head, 30.512 ; Circular Head, 30.479 ; Corinna, 30.451 ; Waratah, 30.344. The minimum pressure ranged from 28.882 at Southport to 29.149 at Low Head. Ihe table of barometric results giving the mean pressure of air at different stations also forcibly illustrates the equableness of the Tasmanian climate. Thus :—Southport, 29.929 ; Oatlands, 29.908 ; Falmouth, 29.928; Launceston, 29.936 ; Low Head, 29.965 ; Circular Head, 29.972 ; Corinna, 29.959 ; Waratah, 29.882. Sixty-five stations record the rainfall in inches and the number of wet days in every month, information, by the way, not of much practical utility in itself. The weakness of the Department, or rather the insufficiency of financial support it obtains, is evidenced in the fact that it docs not deduce from observations taken at various points a forecast of weather that may be expected during each coming day. THE result of the voting on Friday last on the question of the constitution of the City Council is not such as to give much heart to reformers, or to induce the Council to set about the work of reforming itself. We have to repeat what we have had so often occa- sion to say, that there does not appear to be an effective spirit of reform in the com- munity, such a spirit as would cause munici- pal matters to come right under almost any constitution. No doubt, there is a theoreti- cal spirit of reform. In private and by way of letters to the editor of this paper, there is a most energetic, theoretical spirit of reform in existence, such as we often hear of in households where things are always going wrong. Indeed, our municipal affairs may be compared to a badly managed household, of which the head is chock full of all sorts of theories of management, which he is never able to put into practice. Why this is so we cannot say, for no one will assert, we suppose, that there is not a need of a change, though it may be rather hard to tell what the change should be. Of this, however, we may be sure, that the existence of a strong, local public spirit would put matters right in a very short time, and also that so long as this spirit does not exist in an effective manner things never will be right, no matter what the machinery may be. The 653 persons who voted appear to be agreed on the desira- bility of an increase in the number of aldermen or councillors, if they are upon nothing else, for they voted almost unani- mously in favour of such a change. This, we think, would be found to be a very long step in favour of reform, for there is evi- dently, a want of force or power in the Council, which is easy to discern in the acts and general policy, but rather difficult to trace to its' source. The election of the Mayor' by the citizens generally did not find so much favour, although it is one of those specious proposals which is apt to receive a great deal of sup- port. Experience shows, however, that the members of a Council are better judges as to who should be their head than the public, which is generally led away by cries, without much care as to the ability of the man chosen. The division into wards was rejected, and may be said to be one of those things which can well be let alone for some time to come. PARLIAMENT.—The two Houses of the Legislature meet at the usual hour to- morrow. In the Legislative Council the Taxation Bill, 1894, it still the principal business before members, while in the Assembly the amended scheme of the Government for 1893 may be expected to be developed early in the sitting. Both Houses have still several other bills waiting disposal, but nothing of such importance as the financial ones. DISTINGUISHED VISITORS.—To-day, by the U.S.N. Co.'s steamer Waihora, His Excellency Lord Glasgow, Governor of New Zealand, accompanied by Lady Glasgow, en route to Melbourne, are expected to spend a few hours in Hobart. If time permits they will be taken to see the principal objects in and around the city. PUBLIC WORKS TENDERS.—The Depart- ment of Public Works has accepted the following tenders :—Road, approach to bridge over river Jordan (road, Bridgewater to Richmond), Carr & Mahoney, £42 13s. 9d. Roads, parish of Matong, to selections of Messrs, Jones, Dagg, and others, T. P. H. Jones, £53. Roads, Ashwater and Stowport district, main-road and extension to Messrs. Martin's and Bones' lots, and by- roads to Laxton's, J. G. Ellis, £119 0s 7d. State school and residence, Gladstone, alterations. J Terrace, £24 10s. The tender of B. D. Palliser, for alterations to State school and residence, Gladstone, has been withdrawn. LETTERS PATENT.—Letters patent have been granted to Mr. John Parsons, Branx- holm, Tasmania, engine-driver, for a patent for an automatic brake. Also to Mr. J. O. McArdell, of Melbourne, for improvements in the process or mode of manufacturing certain classes of explosive compounds. MUNICIPAL. — The Municipal Council will meet to-day, at the Municipal Council Chamber, at 4 o'clock, when the following business will have consideration (besides subjects that may require prompt attention during the sitting). Reports from the various committees :—Public Works : On petition for expenditure on Brisbane- street, between Barrack and Harrington streets ; on letter from Mr. James Johnston re Weld street, north end ; on letter from Messrs. Stephens & Stephens, re drainage from Stowell Arms ; on letter from Messrs. Hoggins and White asking for a footpath to their chambers ; on letter from Mr. A. E. Risby drawing attention to the state of Castray Esplanade. Waterworks : On letter from Mr. Evan J. Taylor re water to South Glenorchy. Health : On letter from Mr. Thomas Howard re drainage between Patrick and Warwick streets. Orders of the Day : Mr. Alderman Bradley to move,—1. That it is desirable the centralisation of police should embrace the cities of Hobart and Laun- ceston. 2. That the City Council have nothing to do with taking over or purchasing the ground now being reclaimed outside of the Hobart Slaughter- yards. Business for Local Board of Health : To récrive report from the Health Committee on letter from Mr. W. H. Cheverton re drainage Quayle- street. RELIEF RESTAURANT.—The Relief Restau- rant will probably be closed in a week's time. Still, a good many families were assisted from it during last week. Mrs. Counsell's children contributed their weekly subscrip- tion of 2s. 6d., and contributions in kind were received from Mrs. Tarleton, Mrs. Carter, Mrs. Benjafield, and Mrs. Arnold ; and from Ah Ham, Mr. Benjafield (Liver- pool- street), Mr. Stump, Mr. Fearnley, and Mr. Arnold. The ladies have decided upon arranging a programme of competitions at the variety fair, for the best produce, such as butter, eggs, poultry, etc., and they hope there will be a good competition. The promoters appeal to the country people for entries in order to make a good shop in this department. It is intended to have numer- our side-shows such as a carnival, enter- tainments of various kinds ; also a mask ball if it can possibly be got up. SIR JAMES HECTOR IN HOBART.—On Saturday Sir James Hector, K.C.M.G., F.R.S., M.D., etc., paid a lengthy visit in the morning to the Museum, being shown over the institution by the Curator, Mr. A. Morton. Sir James being Director of the Colonial Museum in New Zealand has kindly promised to send over several things for the Hobart Museum. Later on, in company with M. Jules Joubert, he visited the new Exhibition-building, and said he was de- lighted with the building, stating that it would afford him very great pleasure on his return to New Zealand to do everything in his power to further the interest of the Exhibition, and would gladly act as one of a committee, should one be appointed in New Zealand. Sir James having been the New Zealand re- presentative at numerous exhibitions, his great knowledge in connection with exhibi- tion matters should be of much service to Tasmania. Yesterday, in company with Messrs. R, M. Johnston and A. Morton, he proceedsd to Mount Wellington for the purpose of inspecting the geological formation. It is his intention to proceed to-day to Sandy Bay to view some points of geological in- terest, also to visit the Botanical Gardens and the Technical School. TASMANIAN EXHIBITION MATTERS. — In consequence of the information imparted by Messrs. A. Morton and T. Bennison about the Exhibition when on their recent visit to Adelaide, His Honor Mr. Chief Justice Way has written a letter to Mr. Morton confirming his verbal promise to act on any committee appointed to further the interest of our Exhibition in that city. His Honor's position and universal popularity will be of powerful assistance in drawing public atten- tion in that colony to the project of the Tasmanian International Exhibition. ARCHBISHOP MURPHY'S COADJUTOR.—It was announced in the Catholic Churches yesterday that His Grace the Archbishop of Hobart (Very Rev. Dr. Murphy) had re- ceived official notice from the Very Rev. Dr. Delany, of Ballarat, that his consecration as Coadjutor-Bishop of Hobart would take place in the course of four or five weeks, and His Grace, accompanied by several of the Tasmanian clergy, is expected to leave Ballarat early next month. The appoint- ment has given great satisfaction to both clergy and laity of the Catholic church in Tasmania. CONFIRMATION AT SAINT MARY'S CATHEDRAL.—Yesterday at the 11 o'clock mass at St. Mary's Cathedral the sacred rite of confirmation was conferred by the Arch- bishop of Hobart. For some time past the candidates had been under instructions from the Cathedral clergy, and from the Presen- tation nuns, and on Thursday last were put through a searching examination in Chris- tian doctrine by the Archbishop. All passed successfully, and yesterday to the number of 92 presented themselves for con- firmation, 63 being girls and 29 boys, besides six adults. The girls were prettily attired in white dresses with scarlet sashes and white veils, while the boys woeo scarlet rosettes and badges of the Sacred Heart. At the conclusion of the mass the Archbishop, vested in cope and mitre and accompanied by Fathers Gilleran and O'Flynn, entered the sanctuary, the choir singing the hymn, " Veni Creator Spiritus." The Archbishop addressed those to be confirmed, founding his remarks on the second chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, and in clear and simple language explained the nature of the sacra- ment they were about to receive. He also expressed his pleasure at the satisfactory nature of the examination which the chil- dren passed on Thursday. The candidates then approached two and two, and kneeling, were "marked with the sign of the cross and confirmed with the chrism of salvation, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," by the Archbishop. At the conclusion of this part of the ceremony His Grace again addressed those confirmed. He reminded them of the serious nature of the obligations they had that day contracted, and exhorted them to be faithful in fullfilling their obligations, to attend regularly to the sacred duties of religion, to avoid the occasions of sin, such as evil com- panions and bad books, and thus deserve to attain the reward promised to the good and faithful servant. In the afternoon the chil- dren again assembled in the Cathedral, when the Archbishop delivered a short address on intemperance, and administered the total abstinence pledge to them until they should have reached the age of 21 years. At the 11 o'clock Mass the choir, under Mr. McCann, rendered Gounod's " Messe Solennelle," and at Vespers the " Dead March " in Saul was played for the great composer who had recently died. GOSPEL TEMPERANCE.—The usual meet- ing, under the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., took place on Saturday night, in the Tem- perance-hall. The design of Gospel Tem- perance is, in some measure, to practically illustrate and solve the relations of Christian faith to social reformation and improvement. However difficult so knotty a problem may be to grapple with, there can be no question the efforts of the Y.M.C.A. in this direction are deserving of more encouragement and consideration than, judging from the attend- ance, they now receive. Aside from the addresses of the Chairman (Mr. Bradley) and Mr. Kirk, the song, " Out on the deep," by Mr. MacRobie, and " To the woods," by Mr. Fairfax, together with the recitations of Messrs. Cramp and Mathieson, and the choir in their singing, amply repaid any in- convenience attending a visit to the Tem- perance-hall. Messrs. Bradley and Kirk, in speaking, cast the onus of the adoption of the Wine Bill by the House of Assembly upon the shoulders of the working man, the adherents and friends of temperance up- braiding the former, and in scathing terms stigmatising the latter for their apathy, their supineness and indifference to the weal and progress of their cause. A WANT SUPPLIED.—A great number of people who have mirrors which are slightly damaged, though otherwise good, will be pleased to leam that they can have them made good in Hobart. Mr. W. C. Eltham has been appointed agent for Tasmania, and advertises that he will receive orders at his office, Collins-street, next to Ship Hotel. We understand the work will be executed in Hobart, competent men having been engaged. COOLEY'S 'BUSES.—These 'buses are now advertised to run at the reduced fare of 3d. between the city and Cooley's Hotel. LAW SITTINGS.—Mr. Justice Adams will preside at the civil and criminal sittings at Launceston next month. These will com- mence on the 7th prox. with civil business, and the criminal on the 10th. The 9th being the Prince of Wales' birthday, and to be observed as a public holiday, the Court will not sit on that day. CITY POLICE COURT.—The only business coming before the above Court on Saturday was the charge of assault with intent to commit a felony preferred against Fredk. Langford, in connection with the woman Marion Walker, since deceased, and upon whom an inquest was held at the General Hospital on the 12th inst., before Mr. Coroner Riddoch. The case was heard before Mr. W. Tarleton, the Police Magistrate. Accused was defended by Mr. Leslie P. Rex. The evidence of Dr. O'Brien, Amy Blake, and Constables Long and Longman was taken. It corresponded with that given at the inquest, and which has already appeared in these columns. John Spencer was examined, and stated that he was in the company of Langford on Sunday night, the 8th inst. He went with him to the Good Woman Hotel, where he stayed drink- ing. He and Langford left the house, and he saw the accused speak to deceased. He said he gave her 1s., but did not say what for. Afterwards they parted company, and witness did not see him any more that night. The case occupied three hours, and the Magistrate remanded the case until Wed- nesday next. FIRE ALARMS.—Fortunately the sound of the firebell is not often heard in Hobart, and when it is it generally makes confusion worse confounded as to the exact locality of the outbreak. It puzzled people in the streets last night to tell what the alarm por- tended, and they waited, as they generally do, until the reels dashed by to know which way they themselves should go to view the conflagration. It is time the very primitive method of striking the signals by means of a piece of rope yarn attached to the clapper of the bell, and which duty is generally per- formed by a woman, was improved upon. FIRE AT SANDY BAY.—Mr. Superin- tendent Maher received a call to Lower Sandy Bay last night at 10.15. The reels were promptly on the scene of the fire, which was in an empty house in process of demolition, near the Police Station Lower Sandy Bay. The house adjoins one rented by Mrs. Young, and is owned by Mr. E. Cripps, Battery Point. The origin of the outbreak in not known, but owing to the efforts of Messrs. Grattidge, Martin, Lee, and Constable Coates, the fire was confined to one room only, and not allowed to spread to the other part of the house. By the time the Brigade arrived the fire was ex- tinguished by the persons above-mentioned, and Mr. Superintendent Maher saw all safe before the firemen left the premises. A calf was kept in the room in which the fire broke out, but the animal was rescued unharmed with some little diffi- culty. The alarm was given to the Sandy Bay police by a man named Grant. Mr, Superintendent O. E. Hedberg, owing to the telephone being switched off, was compelled to run to the Battery Point station and give the alarm, thus a great deal of time was lost ere the brigade was called out. In the case of a fire of larger dimensions this delay might become a serious matter. The premises burnt were not insured. FIRE AT BAGDAD.—About midnight on Saturday a fire broke out at Sayes' Court, Bagdad, the property of Miss Chalmers, and quickly obtained such a hold of the building that, despite the plentiful supply of water and willing assistance, everything except the stonewalls was consumed before the flames could be extinguished. At the time of the fire the house was in the hands of the builders, who for some days past had been engaged repairing it, and several persons were sleeping in the house on that night. Fortunately all were awakened, and made their exit without injury. The origin of the fire has not been ascertained, but it is be- lieved to have arisen in one of the chimneys. The building was insured. A WEIRD MEMENTO.—In pulling down a wall at Sayes' Court, Bagdad, the other day, in order to effect repairs, Mr. Walter, the builder, discovered the thigh bone of a full grown man embedded in the mortar, A good deal of curiosity was evinced at the discovery, as it was pretty generally known that the builder of the house (Captain Espie) some 80 years ago distinguished him- self by ridding the colony of a notorious bushranger, for which he was rewarded by the Government, and elated with his success he built the thigh bone of the dead robber into the stone wall of his new house, where even faster than in irons it has been held for more than three-quarters of a century. A memento of a phase in the history of Tas- mania now happily fading into oblivion. STRANDED GONDOLIERS.—On Saturday last, at the invitation of Mr. Gibson, " The Gondoliers," male and female, made a river excursion up the Jordan. Everything went merry as a marriage bell till on the home- ward trip, returning the launch got help- lessly stranded on one of the shoals of the river. There was a pretty to do for a time, and at last, as the hours grew long and the moon began to wane, it was resolved to get ashore and head for North Bridgewater. The shallow water and mud were negotiated safely, and about midnight the peaceful Bridgewater folks who were enjoying their first sleep were suddenly aroused by the incursion of the party anxiously clamouring for beds. These were provided for the ladies, but most of the gentlemen had to doss down on sofas, couches, and even less comfortable resting places. However, when daylight dawned no one was any the worse for the misadventure, and the launch, minus the weight of her living freight, having been got afloat, " The Gondoliers " made a trip to New Norfolk, the beautiful day thereto inviting. THE PRIZE OX.—Mr. R. O'Connor's fat Hereford ox, which took Messrs. Roberts and Co.'s prize of 10 guineas at the S.T.A. and P. Society's show last week, having been pur- chased by Mr. J. M. Propsting, butcher, Elizabeth-street, was weighed after slaughter in the presence of Mr. Tabart, Chief In- spector of Stock, on Saturday morning, and turned the scales at 1,518lb., which was rather less than most people estimated his weight would be. THE WORKING DAIRY.—This dairy is now in operation at Richmond, and has a good supply of milk. Since Tuesday last over 100gal. daily have been forthcoming, which is much in excess of the amount promised by the residents. One outcome of the dairy's visit to the locality is that a stimulus is being given to dairying in the district. A movement is now on foot to establish a butter and cheese factory. The farmers generally are greatly in favour of this inauguration, and every promise is held out for rapid location of all the shares. The principal advantage is the opportunity of securing a building already erected, situated on the banks of the river, and originally built for a flour mill. It is now owned by a gentleman interested in the movement. This building, with little cost, could be readily adapted, and secured at a nominal rental, which, together with the fact than an ever increasing supply of milk is promised, will greatly aid the successful promotion of the movement. PRICES OF SHROPSHIRES. — There is a boom in Shropshire sheep in England just now. In a letter from Messrs. Lythall and Walters, auctioneers, of Bingley- hall, just to hand, a tabulated statement shows the prices realised by public auction in the last three weeks of August, at some of the lead- ing Shropshire sheep sales. Eight rams, belonging to different breeders, fetched £1,412 5s., as follows :—Shearling ram, from Messrs. P. and J. Evan's flock, Sherlow, Salop, £110 5s.; do., from Mr. S. Minton's flock, Montford, Shrewsbury, £183 15s,; from Eusdon House, Shrewsbury (J. Bowes- Jones), £210 ; a three-shear representative of the Yardley flock, Birmingham, £262 10s.; one do , £147 ; one do., £103 15s,; do., £115 10s ; from Thorpe-hall flock, Tamworth, one shearling ram, £199 10s. INCREASED COMMUNICATION WITH BELLE- RIVE.—Efforts are being made by a number of the residents of Bellerive to induce Messrs. O'May Bros. to extend the running of their ferry boats between Hobart and Bellerive till 11 p.m. daily, running half- hour boats each way. It is thought that the rising importance of the pretty town will be accelerated by this additional con- venience, inasmuch as it will tend to largely increasce the number of city men who will adopt Bellerive as their place of residence. PRACTICE IN THE BATTERIES. On Satur- day afternoon No. 1 and 2 Companies of the S.T. Artillery Corps proceeded to Alexandra Battery, and as part of their taining in the forts they practiced from the 5in. B. L. gun, the 6pr. quickfirer, also the Nordenfeldt machine gun, all mounted in the Alexandra re doubt. Three targets were moored in the river, and excellent shooting was done. Major Evans was in command, assisted by Captain C. Lewis, Lieut. N. Lewis, L. Forrest, and St. Hill, and the Quarter- master (Lieut. C. Atkins), and Surgeon- major Crouch in medical charge. There was in the Alexandra redoubt during the practice the Hon. the Treasurer, also Colonel Warner, the Commandant, and the Com- mander of Batteries. The weather was favourable. The corps returned at 6.15 p.m. It is expected that practice will be from the Bluff Battery next Saturday, when the 8in. M.L.R. 12½ ton guns will be used, and the 80pr. gun. PEOPLE'S POPULAR CONCERTS.—The fifth of the weekly People's Popular Concerts will take place in the Temperance-hall on Wednesday evening. Another excellent programme is being arranged by Mr. Ashton, one of the principal features in which will be the appearance of Mr. H. MacRobie, a Sydney basso of repute, who is now on a visit to this city. Mr. N. Braham, the clever conjuror who has appeared at the last two concerts, will also introduce a novel spiritualistic seance. The full programme will appear to-morrow. THE DEATH OF GOUNOD.—At the close of service at St. David's Cathedral last even- ing. Mr. Stanley Chipperfield, the organist, played the " Dead March" in Saul as a mark of respect to the memory of the late C. F. Gounod, the eminent French com- poser. A trilogy was also sung by the choir from his illimitable work, The Redemption. VERY INCH A HERO.—-The Sydney Morn- ing Herald writes :—"Seldom has a story of truer heroism in private life been told than that of the foreigner, Josef Myslis, a native of Jerusalem, now in the Melbourne Hos- pital, dying, it is feared, from the result of his efforts in saving children from a burning house. Two he had carried through the flames, but three others were cut off, and could only be approached through a window too small for a man to pass. Nothing daunted, Myslis smashed down the brick- work around the window, and in doing so was struck down by the wall falling on him from above. With a broken jaw, dazed with the blow on his head, and bleeding from face and neck, he forced his way into the flames, carried off the three children to safety, and was then borne away to the hos- pital. No tie of relationship or even nationality appears to have inspired the noble follow, who was moved to risk, and it is to be feared, sacrifice his life by the sight of helpless children in danger. One feels inclined to protest against relentless fate that would snatch such a man from life. But assuming that he may recover, society does not rccognise his obligations if a man who has put forth such an effort for his fellows should ever be allowed to struggle again. It is all very well for people to load him with their praises, and perhaps be satisfied that the right thing has been done when he is presented with a medal from the Royal Humane Society. But when we see the payments that are made, and legitimately made, for services rendered in a usual and ordinary way by the public, it does seem uneven dealing when a heroic service like this, when a work sufficient for a lifetime, is crowded into the limits of a few terrible moments, that the constituted representa- tives of society, and guardians of its interests, should have only idle praises for payment, A man that has done as Myslis has done should never want again. Possibly, he does not require help. But, if he does, it should be recoguised that in the concen- trated service of an hour, a man acting as he has done has established a claim that society should never ignore. LONG BURIED RELICS..—Anglo-Australian in the European Mail writes :— In the office of the Western Australian Agency I have just seen a very interesting photograph of some genuine relics that have been recovered from the wreck of the historic Zeewyk, wrecked off Western Australia at Abrolhos. The relics have been found in taking up the guano, and consist of a great variety of strange articles, such as pipes and pipe stems, rather of the churchwarden pattern ; of pots, pistol bullets, drinking vessels, knives, buckles, a leaden inkstand, wine glasses, and, curious antithesis, some canon balls and a rosary. The date, I believe, of this catastrophe was 1727. A strange interest certainly attachesB to this resuscita- tion of the past, and one cannot look on even the photograph of the relics quite unmoved. THE COLONIAL PARTY.—The membership of the new " Colonial Party" in the House of Commons continues to extend. The roll now numbers 25. At the second meeting held on September 1, Sir Stafford North- cote, Sir Thomas Esmonde, Captain Cecil Norton, Mr. Arnold-Forster, and Mr. Roch- fort Maguire made their first appearance. Amongst the subjects discussed at the last meeting were the disorganised condition of affairs in Samoa, the grievances of the New- foundlanders in connection with the French shore, the military government of Gibraltar, and improved cable communication with the colonies. Owing to the immense volume of correspondence that the secretary (Mr. J. F. Hogan, M.P.), had to submit to the meeting, it was resolved that the party will not table up colonial claims or grievances of a merely personal or pecuniary character, but as a rule will limit its influence and activities to questions of general colonial policy. STATE MUMMERY.—Old-and in many cases inane—customs die hard, as witness the mummery at a " Royal Proclamation " in Edinburgh. Truth says :—" Heralds, pursuivants, and trumpeters, in gorgeous raiment, and costing the country some hun- dreds per annum, with a military escort and garrison band, marched last Saturday from the Sheriff Court-buildings to the Market Cross, there to declare that ' after a day to be fixed by the respective Governors, sovereigns and half-sovereigns coined prior to the reign of Queen Victoria shall not be current or legal tender in the Colonies of Fiji, Cape of Good Hope, and Natal.' What earthly connection Scotland has with sove- reigns in Fiji, etc , does not appear ; but, of course, the heralds must do something for their salaries, and occasionally air their apparel to rid it of the moths." ELABORATING THE ART OF WAR.—The World states that a miniature fortress, which has cost nearly 600,000 marks, has just been erected in the private grounds of the Neue Palais at Potsdam for the use of the German Crown Prince and his brothers, whose military education is shortly to be commenced. The fortress is a present to the Emperor William from Herren Krupp, of Eisen, and it has been constructed on novel principles, which are to be kept secret. All projections rising short of the level of the walls have been avoided, but at a given signal a number of rotary armoured turrets rise suddenly, and, having fired their guns, instantaneously disappear. AMATEUR WEATHER FORECASTS.—Since the missing word competition was banned by Sir John Bridge (says the European Mail), the enterprising weekly periodical known as Pearson's Weekly has provided other enter- tainment for its readers in the form of a competition in weather forecasts. It fell again to the same magistrate's lot, the other day, to determine whether guessing the weather for a week in advance for the chance of a prize is a lottery game or a game of skill. Sir John Bridge does not think that there is the making of meteorologists in this game. The success of the Meteorological Office in forecasting for a day does not con- vince him that all the readers of Pearson's Weekly are fitted to compete in genuine skilled attempts at weather predictions for a week. The Weather Forecast Competi- tion therefore goes the way of the Missing Word. HIGH-CLASS BUSKERS.— Apropos of the high-class " Mysterious Musicians " who make the tour of seaside places in summer, when London is supposed to be empty, Mr. Edwin Drew writes :—" A friend of mine who is a good pianist, and possesses a capital tenor voice, has for the fast few summers made ' tours ' round the coast, in disguise, and his average earnings have been from £6 to £8 weekly. He generally gets good audiences, does not work too hard, and is careful with his resources. He looks on these ' tours ' as a profitable way of utilising summer months which in London would be anything but productive. Another friend ' recited ' through Southern England, and obtained handsome results. ' Outdoor amusement' is an art which may be ex- tended and improved far beyond old limits, and many a professional pocket will benefit by trying in the open air to sing or ' say ' that which may be worth the attention of holidaymakers." THE ULTIMATE OUTCOME OF HOME RULE. —Referring to the throwing out of the Home Rule Bill by the House of Lords, the Review of Reviews asks :—" What next? Rumour is rife that next year the bill will be intro- duced into the House of Lords, in order that the House of Commons may have a chance of getting through some English business. What ought to be done is to abandon all attempt to frame a Home Rule Bill at West- minster. Mr. Gladstone, or Mr. Gladstone's successor, would expedite business immensely, and would moreover be taking the best and most logical course, if he were to intro- duce a bill of last than half-a-dozen clauses, bringing into existence a constituent as- sembly at Dublin, instructed to draw up for submission to the Imperial Parliament a measure expressing the views of the Irish nation as to the best method of enabling Ire- land to manage her own affairs. All these details which have blocked Parliament this year are unnecessary. It is not for the Imperial Parliament to devise a complete scheme of Home Rule, and then to force it on Ireland. The proper thing is for Irishmen to decide upon their own scheme of Home Rule, to thresh it out clause by clause in a national convention at Dublin, and then to bring it to West- minster to be considered by the Imperial Parliament. That would be much more consonant with the national dignity of Ireland than the acceptance of a cut and dried Home Rule scheme from West- minster. CHEAP DYE WORKS.—Some of the swind- ing fraternity in Melbourne have hit upon a new method of earning a livelihood. They simply place a card in the window of their home or shop notifying that they are prepared to cleanse, renovate, or dye ladies' and gentlemen's clothing on most moderate terms. For a time they carry on the business honestly, but as soon as their connection becomes enlarged all articles brought to them are either sold or pawned, and then they disappear from the neighbourhood. On the 11th inst. a young man namned David Sarkies was arrested in Fitzroy, on the charge of drunkenness, and when searched a number of pawn tickets for gentlemen's clothing and ladies' dresses were found upon him, and also a label upon which was printed, " Tramway Dye Works. D. Sarkies, Champion Clothes Cleaner and Dyer, Bast- ings-street, Northcote " Since the arrest several persons have called at theFitzroy watchhouse and identified some of the cloth- ing pawned by Sarkies as belonging to them, they having entrusted them to him to clean and dye. COLONIAL PRODUCE IN LONDON.—A pro- posal has been mooted (writes the London correspondent of the Argus) to estabish in London a large colonial store for the distri- bution direct to consumers of colonial produce of all descriptions. The Agents- General and other prominent men have been consulted as to the prospects of such a scheme, and most of them appear to con- sider that a very large capital would be required, and that it would be idle to antici- pate any results from the so-called colonial sentiment, as the enterprise must be con- ducted upon purely business principles, and to be successful must drive other competitors out of the field. The Agent-General for New Zealand shrewdly remarked that if colonial growers are sufficiently careful to maintain a high standard of quality they may rest assured that a good article will produce its full market value in this country. The mana- gcr of the Army and Navy Auxiliary Stores naturally thinks that his firm already fills the field which the proposed company would desire to occupy. He thinks that some good might be done by the establishment of a huge colonial depot to which the whole of the colonial produce could be sent to be dis- posed of by auction. Such a place, he points out, must be fitted with refrigerating cham- bers in which supplies could be kept until the market was advantageous. The manager admits that his society is selling an in- creased quantity of Australian wine, but he makes the significant remark that he would like to see a little more " common honesty " among the growers. What he meant by this hint is not very intelligible. HOW TO RUN " HANSARD "—This has long been a burning question with the New Zealand Legislature. A report from the Roporting Debates and Printing Committee regarding the publication of Hansard has been promoted to the House of Representa- tives, but has been shunted for future con- sideration. The committee find that the circulation of Hansard, and its useful- ness as a means of informing and edu- cating the electors of the colony on poli- tical matters, is marred by the excessive quantity of irrelevant matter which it con- tains, and the staleness of its contents. They go on to recommend : " With the object of making Hansard more readable and ensuring its publication on the day following the debates, your Committee beg to submit for the consideration of the House the following recommendations — (1) That the space allowed to each member, excepting the Premier, a Minister introducing the business of his department, the Leader of the Opposition, and one member of the Opposition to be appointed by him, be limited to a space equal to 15 columns of the present Hansard per month. (2) The matter for publication in each Hansard to be limited each day to debates taking place Be- tween the hours of midnight and midnight in the previous day. (3) That the system of corrections by members be discontinued. (4) That, unless specially requested by the member being reported, the Hansard re- porters be authorised to condense speeches where this can be done without injury to the main arguments. (5) That speeches made upon motions for the adjournment of the House and all irregular discussions, unless under special instructions from the House, shall be briefly summarised. (6) That there shall be a daily issue of Hansard in such form as may prove most suitable, which may be supplied to newspapers for circula- tion free of postage at the cost of paper and printing. EDISON AMONG THE COCKROACHES — Edison displayed an inventive imagination even in his earliest years, if we are to believe the story told of him by a writer in an American magazine. Astonished at the re- sults of a goose sitting on a nest of eggs, the inventor thought to increase the brood by a device of his own. One day the boy was missed from his usual haunts. Messengers were sent in search of him, and found him curled up in a nest he had made in the barn. It was filled with goose and hen eggs, upon which he was sitting trying to hatch them ! Edison was more successful in another youth- ful experiment which he made. His wander- ings brought him at 17 years of age to the Cincinnati office of the Western Union, where his absorption in electricity and predictions of his future power confirmed the sobriquet " Luny," which clung to him even until his fame was established. " We have the craziest chap in our office," said the tele- graph manager to a Cincinnati editor ; " he tries all sorts of queer things. I wouldn't be surprised if he should be great some day. Let me tell you his last prank. We had been annoyed for some time by cockroaches. They infested the sink. They don't now. ' Luny' fixed them ! He just ran two parallel wires round the sink, and charged one with negative and the other with posi- tive electricity ; bread crumbs were then scattered, and when Mr. Cockroach ap- peared, and put his little feet on the wires, ashes were all that were left to tell the tale." We are requested by Messrs. West- brook Bros. to call attention to their sale, which will take place at their mart THIS DAY, at 11 sharp, of 100 Derwent and Tamar Assurance Co. shares.—[Advt.] 