THE STORY or ' ANDREW FAIRFAX. UOOK II.; ritKi'xniNo von nia wouK. . CHAPTER Viri. " fab ruoat tua madding cnowu." " Dcarlovcly bowers of innocence nnd ease, Seats Of my youth; wkon every sport could please ! How often liavo 1 loitorcd o'er thy green, Where humble hannlncsu nmloAnvl m/.), sccnol How often havo 1 paused on every charm— Tbo sheltered cot, the cultivated farm. The nevor-falllng brook, the busy mill, Tho decent church that topped the nci"U- b'rlnghillj Tho hawthorn bush, with scats beneath tho shade, For talking ago, and whisp'ring lovers made." — Olivkb Goldsmith. . _ Tho next day Andrew found his way to hlr Aaolphus Vellum. " I oui como to toll you that 1 shall not ho able to writo any moro for you," ho eaid. M "Why, what's tho row now ?" oskod nlr Yellum. ' Thero -is no row," : replied Andrew. "I havo Btinply come to. tell you 1 must cease to be ono of your contributors." Mr YeUatn turned his chair around. " I know whatit is,'' ho said. "You think yoii - aro underpaid ) bo you ore.,. I was saying'to 'myeefif last, night, sayu 1, ' Young Fairfax's ubillty has not been re cognised. ' Fourpeneo a page is not enough for him. I'll put on another penny." Andrew could scarcely keep from hsugh- lug. " I believe In paying men,' continued Mr Vellum j "and although a penny a pagell mako a difference to tho profits, I'll do it. ' I want to recognise your ability, Fairfax. A penny a pago'll mean eighteen- pence a day to you, nine shillings a week, or, if you work on Sundays, ten and six pence." " 1 assure you that has no weight with me whatever," eaid Andrew " my mind is——" " Como, now, I'll put on another ha'p'ny. I've never dono it before for so young a hand) but you vo got promise, and 1 want to bring you out. There's no reason but what— if yon'il stick to mo, of course— you may become as popular as oven tbo author of The itatllc with a Ghost. Of course you must not expect it all at once, but it'll como. I'll bo tbo making of you, 1 will, and"— here Mr Vcllaai became confiden tial—" I'm thinking of starting a now firm of publishers and you might— I don't say you will bccauso such a thing only happens to tho fow— but 1 might mako you an editor In time and then yon'il have an ofilco of your own, like me," and hoawcllcd with tho dignity of his oilico and tho great ness of his office. " No," said Andrew ; " my mind is made up." "Then you'vo been bought up," cried Mr Vellum. " I've brought you out, nnd now Hio editor of a toppeny or thrcpeoy who can offord it havo uven your stun, and havo bought you over. It's a mean, dirty shsmo. Whero would you havo bin, but l for mo P Who know'd you P Nobody but VN . Finns. And now when you aro gottin' use ful, you threw up tlio spongo, and coolly walkaway, it's a hard blow.- I've a good mind novcr to bring another man out. It gives no encouragement to a n an of letters like me to encourago such tyrcB as you. j7pino, how, what do you want ? How much l /»'hS3ou.wantmotogivoP" / >You'quit:. mistake mo," said Andrew ; "1 nm' aoL/goioff ' to: writo- for another editor, at ahy 'rdto,',for:.® loug time. I'm leavingLondon."-' AV:;','-' \- jjonvin juonuon \ ' gut v ouura guuer- Vir ally gob wrong in his pronunciation when h« became excited. Lcavin' London ! "Why, you mqst bo- mad!'. Juat as your (;/' career was oponin' up. Juufc.wuen I could !.; do Bomothing for you. Why, man, in time you could mako as imuch us thruo pound ten a week, and bo as widely known a Deadwood Dick." ".Novorihelcss 1 am going to leavo Lon don." 1 , " Where aro you going P" " Into the country." ' ' " but not for long ?" "For a year at least." Mr Vellum looked nfc hi en steadily,' no though ho doubtod hie scnBcs. " Leavo : London when -he's got ouch chances 1" ho sald alowly.; "give upare-' i putatio'n whioh1 ho ' might mako Almost equal to my own; jgivoup theidcaofboing Admitted into tho 'Daring Dick Club— wellfil'm blowodb It's enough to mako a man forget his grandmothor" ; and Mr Vollum looked ouc of tho hole in the box as though he had at lust seen a miracle. Andrew found his way back to tho den in which ho bad lived for several months, hub which ho was now about to vacate.' He had said " good-byo " to Mr Finns, and be yond himHhero was no ono who cared what become of him ) at least, so he bolioved. . "Blosa yor," said the landlady to whom ho said good-bye, " I shall ' soon seo' her back again.' A young gent like you can't live »n the country; What you want is a pother, sir, and that you'llnevor git in the country. You'll soon feel tho want o' mo, sir. When you aro tired ov' a night, you'll say, l' I wish Mrs Liggins was 'ore/ that you will. And, sir, 1 Bhall surely miss you xhat'I flitall." .. . There woo- no doubt that Mrs Liggins would miss Andrew, in moro ways than which sho, interested herself in him. An- s ..... -drew' seldom had tea but onco a di\y, but ' Mr a Liggins always assured hiui that he used more than half a pound a week. Then sho assured him that ho ato five pounds of bacon ovcry weok, although ho only had two small;. slleos each morning. Besides this, .Mrs Liggins , hail a remarkdbio tkici of acafc.' ' Sometimes Andrew would treat himself to a pork pib,'or some such luxury, eating only , a port of it at one meal, bow- -.oycr, leaving. tho remainder for another ime. But whenever ho erinuired after it, htf » was assured' that tho cat had taken it, together with some wonderfully valuable nrtiulo belonging to Mrs Liggins. dt was a rcmwfcablo est. Half a ohiokon woo no- tliing to him l and what was more wonder- :.ful Still, ho ' Wftu as lpon \as o cat could bo. An ordinary observoryroald.havo said that the cat avos starvedhut Mts'Liggins would take a Holomh Patji-hfifore tlr Fairfax and u wholo bench of. wagietrlfceii thlif '/ cat moro'n a Sn. ilarnunx'o tcrriblo deal, and was enough to ilrag>poor woman to the gravo bo, of courK0> ;An'-, drew could only boliovo /and wonder.' <\ lie could not help . giving Mrs LigglnB a sly hint, howovor, by way of a rejoinder, that r ho kopod Sbtth would not fool his absence \ . as much as Mrs Liggins did. \- Joy midday lio naa xounu inu way io cue / station and was soon rushing through \ bcautifuTcountry fields and woods, towards ihoWenu of bis birthplace, with a fooling ; of woiider in lus heart. . Wliat should ho do? What were the llretatbpa that ho must take ? Ilowaacn- tering upon a lifo of which ho absolutely know nothing, and ho must bo careful. At best, tho Idoa of his taking this slop would ho tolled Quixotic by Ml wcU-balancod minds. But bo . did' hot care for tbat SstrAUge hs tho proceeding was, he know he van doing right, It waq truoho could not akotoh out any phinof uctioii; buthohad no doubt ho would muhago eomolifiw,' Ho had, on tho recommendation of Mr Pin'uu, got a rough suit of cli'tlcs— quite unlike what farm Jubourorq usually wear, it is'truc, but.'novcrtlielcss suitable for the . lite ho sought to lead. A part of, his old attire lio bud leftin Mr Pinna's cure, .while he hud brought just enough toreiuind him of the days when the world was different. Morgan Cross, ho found, was a littlo roadr sidqotatlon.i-it had been called .Morgan Cross owing to tho fact that close by wore four crossways, whilo on tho hedge near by was an onoicnt cross, supposed to be Pu there in a far-off ago, when a convents by tho name of Morn Convent, fionrished in that part of tho country. Andrew was tho only passcngor who Alighted thero, nnd ho could notholp being oppressed by too wondrous stillness time reigned. Tho silence was so great that it seemed to make a noise, and as after tho train had swept but of sight tho porter came to tako his ticket, a aort of awo crept oyer him, for he folb ho was entering, to him, an unknown world. "This 'is Morgan Cross?" he said to tho port3r. Tho porter codded bis head. "There is no inn of any kind here?" "You mnra public-oozo ? No." " "Which is the nearest ?" "There's wawn, tho.Ois and Waggon, 'bout a mile on. Then, there's two in' St. Noot." " 8t. Ncot you raoan ?" " Tha'B wot l zed." "How tar is it P" " 'limit vowcr mile- p'r'aps ha'af milo " Tlioro's no conveyance here ?" " No. Verrcl'a van do call wanco a week, CU l .1L.IG ...I " I Want to go to St. Neot to-night. How ami 1 to get my bag there?" "Glt'n thero? Why, car un youzclf. Aw ! sw I aw!" Andrew found be had been making a mistake. If ho would get on, ho must con form to tho custotd3 of tho people. ' '.Luk 'cro," said tho porter. "'Era's a bit o' ropo. Ther now, zee that ? Tak" honld o' that end, nn leek un ower yer shoulder. Ther' now, yon can car n to dt. Noot now like wink in. Gor, yoar'andsbo fine ! You never dono much work, i knaw. : You ca'ant miss tho way. There's tele graph poaats nil the way to fit. Naot. Uood-night" Andrew's first Impulso was to nut bis hands in his pocket to find aorao coppers, but he reflected that such a proceeding would not do. Accordingly he trudged along tho qniet lano carrying bis bag on his back. Only two or three passed him on I ho way, and (hoy took bub Ihtlo notice of hiui. It was not uncommon for young fellows to be seeking advico, most of whom carried their scanty luggage with them. Before bo hod gono half-way to St. Ncot, night was upon him, hut lb was by no menns dark. Thero was nitrango ohorra by a thousand flowers tbat grew on tho bodgesido whilo ever and anon sounds greeted his ear thnt mado htm think of fairyland. Sometimes a bird twittered in tho branches of tho trees, and again n nightcrow would tell out its mournful tale, seeming ever to bo near him, yet all tho time far awsy. Aguin thu wind would filay among tho leafy boughs, wbilo the ittla river rippled its music over its stony bed. Every prospect pleases," thought An drew. " Surely tho pcoplo who livo hero will bo contented and happy I Still— ' Ho heard a sobbing noise, and tbon a sound of voices. " You'll go 'way, Jack, an' never como 'omo no more," ho heard n girl's volco say. " No, Jaanoy, 1 won't. 1 onuly want to go comowbaro, wbaro I c'n git a pound a week. Then wo'Jl git married/' "But Bill Tongue hov got married on less than that. He'vooulygot ten sliillin'." " I knaw that, but tboy'm eturvia'. Her zaith to mo onnly on Tuesday, nigbt,.' If I'd knawed, I wudd'n a got married/ her zaitb. Why, tboy'm in debt to too Johnny Fortnight now, and what thoy'll do cum winter tboy (loan knaw," " But, Jack, I ca'ant buar't." "'Twan't be long, Joaney. Ilier' now, doan'tcry." " But, but-—-'' Andrew felt that bo ought not to hoar any more, so lio gavo. a slight cough, and passed by tho couple, who stood by a gate wav. evidently bolonirini? to some. farm- houRo near. The evening was as beautiful as ever. The birds still gave an occasional chirp ho thoy nestled en tho twigs, the mightcrqw. still .'chattered, the wind still pin) ed with leaf and flower, the nirv was Btill laden with perfume, and yot all was different. .Tho young girl's tears had made ovorythiog different. .'Tho old story of sadness and disappointment robbed tho night of its beauty. Still he tramped on until ho saw a grey ;old tower lift its ho«d into the sky, and presently t wo or three tiny. lights flickered. This; will bo StjNeob, i oxpedV"he;said.j " and hero l must manage to stay .for tkb night." / 1 . His heart beat rather quickly, for .every thing was strnngd. Ho had never been in tho country, .ololio before, and' hov/ thu sense of desolation, was heavy upoii him. Passing by tho churchyard gates he caught sight of a group of youths lolling about," who, whon thoy avy him, stood and gaped as though' ho'wero a curiosity. " Who's that?" said One. Dunoaw," replied another j " hcvor zeed 'co avoro. Tall chap-, ed'na?" . I'm goin' to'zeo wher a's goin'," eaid a third, and toon all too group started to follow Andrew, Evidently q now.foco was a wonder to them; especially if ho were a little qut of too common. Evidently thoy had nothing to do and nowhore to go; So they had grouped themselves together in order to find something to interest them. Tho young man turned around' on thorn. " There's a publio-houso here, is thoro not ?" " There's two." " Which is too best?" \- "Best ! Why, thor'e nodifferonco in 'oin. Landlord Tommus do kip wawn,' and Bill Best th' otbor. There, toa's tho Qucon's 'Ead." ! Upon moutneu < ncy loiiowca mm unvu uu entorcd in, then two or three had tho bol<?j nces to tollow hiui. Probably the bold ones bad a copper or two, and so could drink j tho others, having no money, would not daro to enter. Ho found his way into tho tap-room, and bevw the landlord. Can I havo a bed hore to- night ?" ho said. , . Tho landlord lookod .at him as if unablo to make him out. 'The rough clothes whioh Andrew wore did not at all accord with his fine taco and goaoral appearance. Who bo you?" ho said. o « i am comu horo to look for work, re plied Andrew, coloring, "and 1 want to stay here for tho night" . . ; M Butyouba'antnofarmsorvant,be cor " No, but I want to bo now." Tho landlord oyed bim from head to foot, na though in great doubt Presently his faco cleared, uud bis oyes brightonca. " AU, you've been a sodger 1 spcot, and yor tiino's up." .. , . ; Andrew did not speak, but the landlord :too): hia;sUcnco for assent. iU'Thot 'ilo/' continued tho landlord, knowingly, as: though ho were proud of hio fccnotratlon, I cud seo you wad a ft furmlubbvit/'Whorodcu'c Cum from now, ; " Wha's yor name, un ?' / "Andrew Fairfax." lio thought it best to givo his truo name, becauso thereby ho would bo ablo to claim a certain friondliness with tho people ; es pecially if pcoplo vomomberod his fathor. " Andrew. Fairfax I Bo you from this way, tlion?" " My father was," " Ah 1" . " Ho used to farm Trcvodiock Farm. Did you know hiui P" ' - ' ICnaw'd un, I ohud think 1 dod. But you'll want to go souiowhero, wont 'co ? 1 anlly knaw whore to put 'oo. lu with tho farmers, in tho palor. or. with tlio man in the kctchcn. You soe, yer fathor waa a farmer, and you balh't liko tho rest of tho " "I'll go in the kitohon if you dm't uiind," said Andrew. " You see; I'll huve to work among them." ' Mennwhilo, the nowa that a "sod gor" waii- como to. stay tho: night. hud; spread among thoso in tuo kitohon. The ecrvant who had como to fetch beer had hoard tho landlord's question, and as a consequence thoy wore on the tip-too of expectation. A-placo was mado for lilm onlthc settle whon/hoontcred, and lie was 'greeted' with becoming reverence. la q purely- agricultural district like St. Ncot,' where thero ia littlcor.no intcrcourso with the great towns, a soldier is a great ourioqlty. On all physical feats ho is an. oracle, whilo for knowledge of tho world ho is bettor than a newspaper. A soldier can manufacture tho most ualikoly yarns, but tho rustics will listen opoaenoathod, and thomoro wonderful tho stories, .th hotter aro thoy pleased. A policeman occupies a very higli jioaition in their esteem, and thoy eyo his cudgel- with wondrous rever ence; but a soldior, a man who baa handlod a sword.hc is sovoral stages highor chan a policeman, especially if ho understands the dignity of his position. " Whot'll 'co 'avo to drink ?" askeiTono, as Andrew took bis scat. ' " "A bottle of ginger-boer, thank you.'' " Bo'ant tcotoatollor, bo 'ct ?" . V - . , " For the present, yes.".. % " Uu, I tfiot you sodgcrs waa heggara to drink; "Where was 'oe last, now ?" London. - ; : " Tha's a long way ?" come Herat j gut work, bccauso ,siy tather used to have a farm not far from- hore." .".Oft" /. " Yes j tho farm was called Trevadlock. My father's namo wils' AftlfrbWT?hfrfak.'"r "I'knawd un," said an old labourer "He farpied Trcvodiock well; boiled. But ho diod early, poor chap/ "An' voii'in tlio Bttlo boy 'ce left?" "Yes." 1 ' . . " Butpeoplozed bow that Squire Bernard dod tako Andrew's cheeld.and 'doptcd un." Ho did pnt rao to school" '"Oo, t toot so much. /\nd then ;whoD you get big enough you went for a sodger ?' ' Andrew, did not reply, but asked a ques tion instead. " Who farms Trcvodiock FArm now ?' "Sim Candy; but tcs purty farrnin oa it" " How tar Is It from here ?" . v " Oa, to milft' and houlf, t spoase. Tea tho nearest farm to Ashwatcr. " What's Ashwater ?" " Asuwntor ! Why, that's thu namo of tho mansion, -jo knaw. Tha's where Mr Uernnrd used to coinO sometimes. Ho onned tho estate when yer pore faather was linin'. " Ah ; and has ho sold it ?" "WVinf rtM'nn. tnll 9 Wlir. hn sniild it to a tor ble rich uiild chap as cuuied from India, or semu sich place. This man bo't tho mansion, an ol tho hod, anil oal the farms in wi it And drockly after he bo't it he died, and left it oal to a littlo maid. Tha's aov'l year agono now, and do you know she've never bin seen down 'cro." " Indeed ! Who Uvea at tho mam-don f" " Nobody, 'copt tho steward, an' thcr'o two or three aarvanta to kip it uloin." " And who manages the estate P" " Oa, th' oull Beans, the steward, do everything. An ho's a skin-flint, I toll 'ce. Allays riain' tho rent bo es, while cs for repcars, nobody c&n;'tgit noan !" " And what's this young lady's name ?" " Aw, she's called Miss Luzant, situ es." " You've never soon her, you say ?" " No j nobody ain't a Bred her." Alt this timo the hnlf 'dozen- youths and raonsitting arjuud listened open-mouthed to tho conversation. Onlyona Rpoko, nnd with a look of reveronco towards tho old labourer who bad ben talking with An drew, arid that "Tb'ouU Tommy wud bo match fur n it ho tour a sodger." Not long after Andrew wont to bed. Ho remembered that ho hod mode up his mind to be up betimes in the morning, when ho mnst try and got work, if possible, at Trovadlock, the old fann where his father workod snd whero hta own baby- hoo'd had bcon pnssod. ' < lio did not think then of tlio future that I lay before hlm-, ho dU\ nob dream that . country lifo would ho uuch a revelation. . Happily a knowledge of tho f utrro is kept from us au. CHAPTER IX. ".wubub.all was quitt." " Tho sun wna gon»? how ; tho curled uioon Was liko aTittlo fo ithor, ; Flultoring tardown the gulf j.hiid now Sho spoke through- the still Weablirr,. . . , . Her voice was liko tho voice the etars\ - Uadwbojt!thoy;8ang,togother/' ./ ;' ; ,/DAMTa GABuian ItorraErri.-- Tho noxtmprning Audrew 'wbufc ;out to And Trevadlobk' Farm; " He did .not 'have vory senrimontal/fcolings towards, it ; hut hoivas,novertholc83,interoatodia8teingthe- homo of bis childhood. Hero his factor had lived and worked,, and' although, ;hc; had nover sicn him, no. .could not help being attracted. towards . tlic homo ho had. never scon. Ho had but littlo dilliqnlty in finding itj. Trcvadloofc t'urm. was. wnll known, and tho house did not lio far from too main road. ,, It was a beautiful morning. The sky was clear, save for a fow' light, ilivtsy clouds, whioh only added to its beauty, whilo all beneath looked liko a pHradiso Th bay crop had been gathorod in, whilo tho cornfields were fast ripeniug. Every where was! thero a sign of harvest. The country was remarkably pretty. All around were homesteads nestling among the trees,-' whilo horo -and tboro woro cot- tagos which looked coinfortablo and attractive. . But one hoitBq..moro than any other caught his attention. No doubt it waa Ashwatcr, 'thu mansion which the old labourer had mentioned too, night before. A largo, rambling house' it was, with a fine pork surrounding it, while in the near distanoo ran a river clear as, crystal. On ono sido of tho river was a wood, which slopod up to somo tablolnnd, whilo on tbo othr whs a grassy bank whortv oqo could wnll? for a milo without difficult v. A n I row wui enchanted by what he saw, and us he watched tho gurgling stream and Hie flitting' shadows whioh too bld- trcos'iai>de as tho wind played with leaves, ho felt that here there could bp uobhing but glad ness. And then as ho remembered the conversation between the lovora too night bofore, ho wondored. : Presently ho saw- a stile in tho hedge, and a footpath through a Held which led to a form, - Ho was hesitatiog 'wliother this might not lead to Trovadlock, whoa he heard a' rambling noiso, and, turning, ho saw a lad -with a horse nnd cart, ffotli' horso nndlad were hoarly asleep. The day was' warm, and evidently work was not unifioiontly pressing to luako them hurry. 'The lad eyes Andrew curiously. " Bo you the Bodgor P" ho said. 1 Andrew nodded. " Is yonder houso Tro vadlock farmhouse P" ho rejoined. Tbo lad gavo a sign of asaont. "Does this footpath loid there?" . Tho lad gavo another nod t»f his head, and said, " P.vo heerd 'bout 'ee." "Oh, indcodl whenP" " Jest now. Tommy. Dain was up to 'Vadlook, and told Slin C'undy 'bout 'ce. You o'n havo a job. 1 heerd 'un zay uo. 1 livohor', too. You o'n slaip wi' ino, you .a lul wue rPAilv fm- n. i-hnt. but' Audio., did not. fool diapoaod. Ho tbnnkod hiin, nnd thon wnllccd townrdo the Innbbouge, now and then loikins nt Iho tivdr. which gliBtonod brightly in tho eun- liBht This would bo the river in whtob hia ' father bad aavod Mr IJornard from arihovadioek faruibouso nud cattlo build- in tooted wonderfully quiet and pciuwfn': juAio outorcd tho yard. In the meaj ow near lay the cows, peacefully chewing tlioir cid- in tho yard itaolf were a dc«on m half buirod in ottaw, fast.nsloen, whiotho poultry lazily piohod grains froui auiong. ,hf.7rbolyrf" A gruff voico mked this question. ' Andrew turned, and bow a Imr J-taul tared farmer Sim Cundy. ' .Mi. f lli. yoti1 Andrew Falrfasa boo) ? he oqntinncil, "Xct" / "Tommy Dain .tould.mo about 'oo. .1 doan't . spoaso you'm wnth mnoh, but you can 'avo a job through tho 'arvesb. Can 'co maw r "No.". " Bind, mako mouglin pitch build ft load, or a rick P" " l'vo never tried Init 1 can qniotdy learn, I daresay." " oil you look big enough and strong enough. But yer fingers do awful fine. You must expect lots ov bladders." Andrew had only a vnguo idea as to what this moant bnt be nodded cheerfully. " What wages do 'co want ?" .Andrew didn't knaw. "Thu lost man I had— ho lived in tho houso — had twolvo pounds a yoar." ' Yua," said Andrew, " twelvo pounds." .. Ho had oal his mait, yo knaw and ho slaipqd in tha houso." " But euppoiing I did tho same work and got lodgings ; what would you givo mo thon?" "Ten nhollon' a week for tho fir»t six months, if you was worth it. In 'arvest 1 Would givo that and yor malt, of you was wuth anything." Andrew. was riot anxious about wages i ho hod a fow pounds in monoy, nod would bo ablo to manage. Ho was anxious to work ton Trovadlock Farm, however: ho .Was aqxioua to sleep in tho room lu whioh his father hod Blupt. .V " I'll not quarrel about my wages until I've boon a weak." ho said at length < "you'll iseo then whether I pick aptbo work or no. Wbon shall 1 begin P" " You may as Well begin after dinner." "-l'vo left my bag over nt,St. Ncot. 1 may as well gu over nnd fetch it." " Oal right; then you c'n bo back jistin timo for dinner." Ho was not long in getting to St Ncot, and throwing his bag over his shoulder bo found bis way back to Trovadlock again. Tho sun was now high in tho heavens, but u brce/e had spiong up and so thu walk was pleasant. Tho clear rivor was open to his view, whilo tho park which strotohed dawn towards it did not in Any way hide tho great houso which tho villagers called Ashwatcr. " And so Mr Bernard used to lire there," ho murmured, " while my father lived up At tho farm. It is strange that 1 should come hack to there scones under such peoutiar circumstances. What's that ?" His eyes were directed totho main en- tran co of tho house, nnd ho saw two female figures, lie sat on tho stilo and watched them. Tboy como out of tho house, and walked across tho park towards tho river. ao tuny came nearer, ho saw that they were young, and from their attlro ho know thoy were not servants They toomt-d to bo chatting gaily, and tho gentle brcczo that was bio tag carried tbo sound of their merry laugh. cr to tho placo v ho o ho was. " Who arc they, I wander P" ho said, " Very likely tho steward's daughters, as, according to tho village talk, the lady of the uianor has nover put in an appearance." It did not matter to hitn,ai;d yet ho felt Interested. Somehow i% seemed as though thero was a link which held bim to tho ptaco which bis foster father onco owned Ho rea-jhed tho farm, and entered at tho back door, ilo noticed that tho hmso had been lately enlarged, and that the new wing w»ib evidently far more conveniently built than tho old. Tho fanner met him at tbo door. "Dennur's jtst on tho tablo," ho said briefly; "thoro, laivc yor bag horo, and como on." Andrew entered tbo kitchen. It was in tho old part of tho houso— a long, low- celled room In it was a long deal tablo. tho top of which was reversible. On one side it was painted, on tho other too white deal WA9 Ict'L untouched. When used, the unpointed p?ut was exposed t at other times tho other side wub seen. Tho piint occu pied too place of a table- cloth. It was placed near tho aide of tho kitchon where, oloao by the wall, a long woodom bench was hxud. Opposite tho window this bench was very much wider, and was mado into d kind of sofa. On thu other sido a Ions form ha 1 boon introduced to save tha troublebf moving chairs. . On tho ono end of tho tablo a cloth had bcci 'laid, nnd hero snt tho farmer, bis . wifo, his sons, nnd three daughters. The othur end lidd no cloth, and hero tho ser- vauts sat. There woro four— tuo girls, tat-tocod, and. two youths, ono .of whom . Andrew had seen in tho morning. Andrew felt awkward fqru minuto, and looked as if for an introduction j but none took. placo. Ho took his scat, howovor, While, three daughters, oU grown to young women; looked at hiin with great interest. Evidently be was not liko tho otbor sor vants,' and they' starod to tboir hearts' content. A basin was placed before each of them. Iri which thick pieces of bread bad been placed. Thoso tho servants took, and, carrying thorn to a great upon fireplace, filled tbom from a groat steaming rocop- tide, called q "(crock," with what ho found to bo pork lirotli; : ' Andrew did not enjoy it much. To him it was altogether distasteful j but the wholo family ato heartily, too young ladiot especially making a great deal of noiso at thoy put tho spoons. to their mouths and swMlowed'tho warm liquid. After tho broth, a groan pioco of tat bacoc wad lifted on to the tablo, with potatoes cabbage, arid ' dumplings. Andrew fared but littlo hotter than bo had dono with the broth. Boiled fat bacon was not to -his taste j . but still ho ato it with tho bssf graco ho coald. Tho two youths who sat near bim, howovor, ato voraciously, especi ally of tho cabbage and potatoes, with which thoy wore plentifully supplied. Wbother Andrew's presence was pre ventive of conversation, I know not; at any rate, uoihtagwaasaidforagood whilo At longth tho farmer burst out- set, An— Andrew." -. Evidently .something in tho young man's prcsooco hindered him from being familiar with his name. -. u ' Andrew looked intorbstod. " And whore, did my father and mot her sleep ?" ho asked, " that ia, whioh room?" .. . > .. <u "Tho ono right ower hs Yo seo the house hav' been buildcd to, and afore tffat timo this room here," pointing to ono oyer tho end of tho kitohen where ho sat "tair the farmer's slaipin' room. .Tcd'n usod now, 'ccpt for n'spplb chamber." Andrew's oyes lightened. ' " Would it bo poisiblo for iuo to Bleep there f' bo Baid. " I should bo glad if it were. Tho remcrabranco of iny father's lifo has a stronghold on me, though Ido not romombor hiin." " 1 spoaso you cud." eaid tho tarmor. musing. " What do 'co think ?" turniug to his wifo and daughters. Evidently Andrew's hnndiwnc anco had uiado n great off, ot on theso young ladies. . ' "Oh, very easy," thoy replied. Some how it seemed right that this youig man who stood co straight, moved hia iiiubs so freely, and spoke so gracefully, should have a room to himself, and they almost felt liko saying " air " to him. Btill ho waso BOIYUUli UUW tUttli IUOHUC » G-y "You'll goh&Aing; turmu s thio after noon," said tho farmer at longth. "Bill: Olvcr will go with Vo." . Androw walked out of tho kUcbon with out ;a word, and Bill, doHghtcd that ho would havo Androw's company, led toe way to. tho field. Bill was a youth about eighteen, years . of ago, and was clumsily 'and loosely built, like moat of tho youths who bavu followed purely agricultural pursuits. . Thoy, woro just looving too yard goto when Andrew, like Lofo wife, turned and lookod back, and saw tbat tho trio of young ladies .wore 'watching curiously, said not|aing,;bqt walked along with Bill- j, " Do you always havo your lood w ith tho family ?" ho said to that intolllgont worthy. , « 'Qipb when tooris corap'ny,' ropliod BUI; V thou wo. go into tho bnok kitchen, 1" And is yourinfts'Qr.kind to you?', ; " BrftVtaH:! RO bo tllO mtlU UB BUduilBSOSi Tbo choj>8 hb uppjolii I lapccfc tody'U'Yaht to cht Oa reaching tho top of tho. hill, Audiqw saw a tract of common land, perhaps a hundred seres or more. " Who does that belong to ?" ' ; " Dunns w; 'specta to the laady ; sbo do own ovcry thing round horo." " Is ituood at all ?" " Esz ; wo do send tho young bullocks thoro sometimes, and th'oul! hossos." , Andrew thought of tho thousands of men who tramp tho streets of London with nothing to do, nud wondered. Tho land was of tho same kind as that of the culti vated farms, and as capable of crops. Kyidontly Bill was not capablo of con versing on tho subject, howovcr, and so too two, watked on quietly, Bill burning to ask Andrew questions, but scarcely daring.. Thoy passed by a cottage. It looked com fortable in too sunshine, but Andrew thought of how it would bo ia tho cold winter. Ho formed no opinion as yet, liow- over. He hAd como into tho country to see, to learn, and ho mast keep his oyes opon. Thoy entered the field together, nnd Androw took hold of tho hoe, which BUI showed him. and then commenced booing turnips. Tho crop was poor tho plants had a starved look, as though thoy wanted manure. Andrew noticed too that largo paiciutf ui iuuu uy biiu nuugu «iuu ituu iu tho corners of tho fields wore uncultivated. Bill looked at tho young man curiously, as if wandering how ho would got on. Bnt hoeing turnips docs not require much skill, nnd Bill soon found that his com panion managed to hoc his row with tar moro eano than ho could. Ho could not understand tho deftness of hand with which this stranger did his work. Tho afternoon wore away — very slowly. Bill could toll of bnt littlo Unt Andrew was interested in ; besides the young man determined to find out tho truth of things by actual contact. Thus they were mostly silent. Hour nftor hour dragged slowly by, and still tho same work. Certainly It was not very interesting. Presently thoy heard a distant whistlo. " Ther, tha's fivo o'clock,' said Bill; " wo eh'll laivo off in another 'our." Thoy had started at ono. Juat before six tbo farmer came into tho field and oyed tho work which had been dono. " You'vo bin kippin' Bill to work," hu said to Audrow. " Why, havo we dono well ?" " Fust rnto. You can haw tunnuts, 't any rate. There, wben you'vo hawed three or four uioro raws, 't'U bo time to go home tn minner/' _ It only wanted a intauto to six, but An drew did not speak. Tboy worked on for half an hour mote nnd then wont tack to tho farm. There was n pump outside the back kitchen door. Under its spout was a hugo etono trough. Into this truagh they pumpcl somo water, and then washed. A comb of vory ancient appcaranco was 5 laced on tho back kitchen tu mtclpioce. 'his was used by tho servants, men and maldona who, taking it In turn, went out- aide, and looking in nt tbo window, saw a faint reflection of themselves. This waa their looking-glass, and hero tboy dressed their hair Androw did not uao tho uni versal comb Uo fumbled in hia bag, and found ono instead. For supper they had a dish of milk and bread, after which they used tho fat bacon which had been left from dinner as butter ; this thoy scraped over some bread, and ate heartily. This tare, although possibly distasteful to a townsman, is nor. so to a countryman. It is wholesome and thoy liko it, Even An drow did not object to it. Puppcr won over, and now their timo .v.; ii. £ i. woh (QQir uwii. iv tvutf juav auvvu v viwa. " "What do you do during tho evenings ?" Andrew asked of Bill, who stood with him ia tho yard. " Oa, nothin'," replied Bill. "There's nothin' to do." " How do you pass your timo?" ' Oa," said BUI, Vl got a maid over to Tildow. I go thoro Saturday nighto. Thor'n two snrvents thero, an tho other ain't cot u. shiner. "Will 'co go ovvor wotb tnol" ' Andrew sbook his head. Then wo'd chaff our two sarvent maids in tho ov'nins'. Como on. Tboy'm out Vro raillan'. Will 'co go?" Again Androw shook Iih head. Ho thought ho board a noiso nt too window, and turning his bead, ho sutk. tho three Misses Cundy. "What s.irt of youn ladies aro tho Misses OundyP" ho asked, in alow voico. « Oa, thoy'm all right ; but thoy'm too high for mo " t hen Bill bogsn to talk about his love affairs. It was tbo only thing lio had in lifo to interest him, ho said Presently Zacky, the other lad, came up. Ho was a littlo youngor than Bill, but lio bad also been initiated -into vho arts of courtship. 'Andrew soon found out that tho livos of tho youtbn.wore a litrio above thoso of the bnasta tboy attended. In some respects, indeed, thoy were lower. Tboir thoughts woro of a low nature, and would ho hnvo allowed it, their language would soon be come obscono. Uo led tl|om away from their lovo affairs »it longth. but thoy could- talk of but vory littlo. Ho tried to load them to think of physical feats. Yes, fill becaino somewhat enthusiastio over that ; hu could throw a sovcn-scoro pounds bag of wheat over his chest, ho said ; but still Androw saw that ho did not know bow to uso tho Jimba God hod given him. " Do you ovorrcad ?" bo asked at length. " Havo you any books ?" " l'vo gono through Fore's Book of Hartyra " said Bill. " I got it for a reward when 1 wont to tho Briaaito Sunday- school." " Nothing else P" " l'vo rood tho spollln' . books I used to 'avo whoa 1 went to school, but l'vo forgot em. i aon bnwuuuw. fi And what shall you do now for tho rosfc of tho ovening ?" "I durinaw. Think I'll' zot tho rabbut gin, and thon go to bed." , " And wbat'tiino do you go to bed ?" 4iJ Bout nine a'clock." ulridrow pftw that tho young Cuntly were coming. Evidontly thoy wanted to talk with him but ho was ' not 'inclined, bo ho wont away alone.- Tbo sun was now sinking low in tho sky arid ; it mado' everything reflect its bright ness! Certainly everything was beautiful, arid yet it was terribly lonoly. . Slowly Androw wended his way towards tlio Groat House, lie reaehod tbo tablo- Und which was Bkirted by too wood, and toon, finding a path wont' down too stoop hill townrdo too river. For a timo tho loveliness of tho evening mudo him forget that ho was a servant in tho old farm whioh his father used to farm; for tbo tirao ho way in a kind of Arcadia. Presently hn camo to tho riverside, nnd sitting among somo fovnu which grew cloaoto tbo rippling waters, ho bognn to dream. He had' not sat long wlion ho heard a sound of laugh- tor— low, rippling laughter it was, as flweot as tho ututtlo of tho water tbat' flowed nt bis feet Ho looked up and saw two young girls. Tlioir faces ho could not dificorn plainly bccauso of tho bushes (but grew around hiin, and : also, because of tho branches of tho great spreading oak which grow on tho other sido of tlio rivor, . " Have you read it ?" ho heard one say. ; "Yes, but it io very foolish," was tbo roply. " It's a shamo that printers' lime should bo oo wasted. You should justroad his attempts at tho moiedrmnatio. ' Thoy ; passed on, strolling slowly down tho 'rivor bank; and : thon, because, of au opori space in the foliage, bo saw tho side' of their, faces. His heart gavei abound— why, ho did not know. And yot something aeomod familiarubout tbem. _ Hooouldnot romombor a singlo foaturo, his view, was so Iraperfoot; and yet somehow' it brought back old, d-iys; old assooiations. 1 ; " I vrondor if I shall aeo thorn again," ho thought: thon'ho : oheokod bimiolf. "I riurt ronDmb'ot1 wht I iun," bo (aid, Willi ataughi . -/ V . V CHAPTER X. j ' h.vnvit bxreicienccs. ".So a small seed that in tho earth lies hid, And dies, reviving bursts hor cloddy side, Adorned with yellow locks, of now is born. And doth becorao a uiothor groat with corn, . Of grain brings hundreds with it, which, wiiion old. Enrich tho furrows with a sea of gold." Sir William Dhummond, Hymn of llcauircdion, Andrew slowly returned to Trevndlock Farm, and went to bed. Ho was rather tired, and so did nob foel it a great hard ship to retire. Uo found tbat tho Misses Cundy had treated him to a strip of thin cirpcb and had placed a comfortable bed in his father's old room. This led hiin to tho conclusion that thero was a desire to to treat him tar hotter than tho others. He did not wish this. His idea in living among tho poor agricultural labourers wna to know thoir exact conditions of lifo, and to fool as they felt. Ho wanted to bo ono witlithom, to shore their burdens. Had to really understand thoir wants. Tho following morning ho was up at aft o'clock, and wont out into tho fields to boo turnips with Bill Olver, Ho felt rather sore out ho soon workod it off, and although tho occupation was purely meeuamcai, uo dug away with good will; At twelvo fc'iuy went to dinner, and were allowed an hour. Tho dinner was similar to that of tho day boforo. At ono thoy were in too field again, nnd workod on until six ; after tbat tho timo was nearly thoir own. And all tho days were like thio. Thoro was nothing to stir their sluggish pulses, nothing to interest tbom. During tho day It was work; iathe ovenlngs the youths of tho neighbourhood lolled around with nothing to interest them, nothing to do. cxcopt a fow who wont to soe thoir lady loves, whose feelings and onjoyociits were nearly tho somo as their own. Andrew bad arrived nt 8t. Ncot on Tuesday night, and had started to work on tho Wednesday ; by tbo following Saturday he bad goto glimpso of tho form labourer's, indeed, of country lifo generally, oa tar as it could ho known at that timo of tbo year. Ko found that Sunday wan gladly thought of. Thoy had but little change, and Sun day promised It. There was rest, and there was an opportunity of getting out of l'fo'n beaten track, lio aaked Bill what thoy did on 8undays. " Oa, we lop about 'till denner timo, then wo go to SL Ncot," replied Hill. ' " oa ther's chapel, and ther's church." " And whore do you go ?" M MoaMy to chapel. There's a mow proichor thero every Sunday, y:i knaw, whilo to church tho samo passon tto preach allayn." " What is tho namo of the clergyman ?" " Passon Chllds. Ho cd'u much nf a praichcr. Ilo do road it oa), and then he ca'an't holla a bit; tho pralchcm at tbe chapol praich wi'out a l»ook, and they <l» holla. After chapol, wo git a maid nnd g > homo wi' hor. Wo bavo to git iu by nino o'clock, 'clpt at special times." " And is that ad?" "Tha's oal." It was not an attract ivo programme to Andrew, and yet there wn« still a novelty about tho country lifo. IhwHcr, tho weath r was beautifully floe. The country wns drcsicd in "living green," uud so to the nature-lovlntr young ensn there was much to enjoy. Htill, ho could not help a feeling of utior Ionoliness; he could not help feeling thnt tho life was stagnant. ' We sh'll siart liorvcstra to-murra. Anilra." saM Mr Cundy to him on tho Sunday learning after breakfast; "nn l'vo g»t a jj«e" — scythe—' sot up for 'eo." "Thank you," replied Andrew, I'll do my best." At tho ssrau time ho wondered what hli experiences would I w. Ho walked among thu fields for sn hour, and toon, hearing tbo church bells at tit. Ncot, ho determined to make his way thither. Accordlncly, he returned to tie houso, and pnt on n milt of clothe such as ho bud worn whim livinu in the West End ot London. As ho loft tho houso ho passed by the Mis'cs Cundy, who, with their brothers, were also bound for ohurch. Uo Bftod his hat to them, which act caused a thtor. A farm sorvunt lifting his hat was certainly out of the common. " I du'an't bleovo he's what ho do make out ho cr," said ono of tho young Clinch b. cayiously. "I bleovo ho'vo dono summin' wrong I do, nnd cs como down 'era out of thu way." "Bnt Ms clone cs purty," said another, " an J he do eat' hlssolf sfcylfeh " . " Well, anybody can car' hf53clf rtylfflh, if he'll be a sodjer," responded too third, "and anybody can bo a jodjer." Tbe voung ladles said nothing, but they looked "lonoitigly towards bim, as though they would willingly forgivo anything aod ovorything if bo- would ouly pay tbom at tention. By tho timo Androw reached the church tbe bolls had ceased to ring, nnd tho service had commoncod. It was an old church, nn-1 tho scats were blob- backed and worm-eaten. Ono part ot It was entirely disused. About forty people had congregated, which number was aftor- wards augmented by . about twantj mora Almost every ono turned their head to set Andrew as ho camo tn- Ho was a otvangor and strangers woro uncommon, especially eucli strangers as he. Admiring glances wore cast upon his stalwart form and han I- somo £«cu from every part of tho church, aod too old clergyman wondered who hu could Tho flcrvtao waa what la .called "low." There was but littlo chanting, and ovcry- thing was conducted on tho, most barroo principle A crazy box of whistles, 'exiled' an orgau. was operated on by tho vicar's wife, whilo half a dozen children formed th choir. An tbo soryicc proceeded, Andrew looked around oa th» pooplo's tacos, and saw I...,, nltlftrtm nUp And unfiymnnfllvR tfifiv nn peared. There was no expectancy, no eager- ncea, noithor, on tbo other hand, did there appear nnv anxiety, any doubt, Tho rending from too Book of Numbers was as iuipresriro as tbat from tho Gospel according to. St. John, as far as ho could see. Just boforo tho soraion an nmountof iqtorcat was'shown. for tho clergyman announced tho banns of murriago botwen William Flutor and E jaw both Ann Orowlc, both of that parish, and thon after a fow giggles nnd whisper which followed, thoy again sottlcd down to a stato of apathy. Tho clergyman soon aftor this commenced his sermon, Ho was undoubt edly an odacated nan,. - Perchance when at Oxford or Cutnbrldgo long years before, he had been on eager, keen debitor, aud it vaa said by tho older inhabitants, that whoa he camo first to tit. Noot ho bad shown a desire for doing strange things. Ihat; however, bad all gona now, Tho apathy of Mb parishioners had crnshod his enthusiasm, whilo thoir lack of appreciation had hindered him from giving' much tlrnoto tho preparation of his ecrmjris, Beliglon to tho pcoplo was a.aottled thing, which thoy In a mechanical way woro suppo»od to aocept. And while going to church was not interest ing, it gavo thom a chnngo. nnd gavo them a clmnco of set-in thoir noighbors. Thoy re pudiated tho iduvbl .being honthens, nnd eo, of courso wont either to church or c Impel, doubts nevor troubled tbem. They hoped to pee to heaivoa . somo; day ; and, altnough mauy wcio. io mtantly puttlog off the day of rcpcutance/thiy hoped to havo tlroo to cry for mercy.niforo thoy died, so as to get, as thoy termcd'it, "tho right side of tlio gato.H: (To be continued).' A Tight Fit,— A drunken man. . , tiald tho Lecturer: Tho roads up these, mountnlns aro too stoop and rooky for ovon a donkey to climb ; therefore 1 did not. allompt the oveent, " A friend in' need ls' a friend indeed, " but a friond who. la, not in need la . tho most doilroblQ arqualntanco. A " IloDdol'- Recital. T-PIa/ing tho barroi, orgftn.''.1 ' -'.V " I havo noticed, " paid tbo obfiorvniit. trian, f that -- v? jman with a raolo oa hor neck is usually dro wed up to thii murk/v : : ; ; . . t : ino Hnioltious young man who vvantu on umng.haa only to.sUU whoro thu ice is 