NOVEL The. Bondswoman, BY GERTRUDE ATHERTON- CHAPTER IV— (Continued ) Estenega sauntered down the garden en deavoring to imagine Ohonita fat and classified. He could not. He paused beBide a woman who did not raise he; eyes at once, bnt coauettishlv nretended to be absorbed in the conversation of those abont her. She too had been married a year and more, but her figure had not lost iis elegauae, and she wbb very handsome. Her coquetry wss partly fear. Estenega's power was felt alike by innocent girls and ohaBte matrons. Thero were few scandals in those days ; the women of the sristooraoy were virtuous by instinct and rigid social laws ; but, how it would be hard to toil, Eat6nega had acquired v the reputation of being a dangerous -man. Perhaps it had followed him back from the city of Mexico, where, at one time, he had spent three years as dispntado, and whence he returned with a brilliant- and startling reoord of gallantry. A woman had followed on the next Bhip, and,- unless I -am much mistaken, Diego passed many uneasy hoars before ha persuaded her to retarh to Mexico. Then old Don Jose Briones' beautiful young wife was found dead in her bed one morning, and the old woman who dressed the body ' swore that there were marks of hard . skinny fingers on he; throat! ; Estenega had made no secret of his admiration of her. At dif ferent times- girls cf the people had left Monterey suddenly, and vague rumors had . floated down from the North that they had been seen in the redwood forests where Estenega's ranches lay. I asked him, point- blank, one day, if these stories were true, prepared to soold him as he deserved; and he remarked ecoily that stories of that sort were always exaggerated, as wall as a man's snoqess with women. But one had only to look at that fac9, with its expression - of \- bitter-humorous knowledge, its combination of strength and Weakness, to feel sure that \- .there were : chapters in his life that ho weman outside of them wonld ever read. T \- always felt, when with Diego Estenega, that I 'W88 in the presence of a man who had little left to learn of life's phases and sensa tions. . Tha sun will freckle thy white neok,' he said to the matron who wonld not raise her eyes. 'Shall I bring thy mantilla, Dona Carmen?' : She looked up with a swift blush, then lowered her soft black eyes suddenly before the penetrating gaze of the man who was so different from the eaballeros. ' It is not well to be too vain, senor. TVs must think less of those things and more of —of onr Church.' True ; the Church n: ay be a surer road to heaven than a good complexion, if leas of a- talisman on earth. Still, 1 doubt if 'a freckled saint would command admiration'-.' ' Don Diego ! Don Diego !' criedadozen tiled voices. . 'lego Estenega, if it were any man but thtu,' I exolaimed, ' I would have thee ex- communicated. Thou blasphemer I How conldat thou ?' Diego raised my threatening hand to his lips. ' My dear Easts quia, it was merely a way of saying that women should be withou t blemish. ' Oh,' I exdaimed, impatiently, ' thou canst plant an idea in people' 3 minds, then plnek it ont before their very 6yes and make -them believe it never was there. That ia thy power,— but not over no. I know thee.' "Wo were standing apart, and I had dropped my voice. 'Bnt oome and talk to me awhile. I cannot stand those babies,' and I indicated with a sweep of my fan the graceful riohly- dreised eaballeros whose soft drooping eyes and secsuous mouths wore more promising of compliments than conversation. 'Neither Alvarsdo nor Castro . is here. Thou too wouldst have gone. in a moment had I not " captured thee.' - On the contrary I should have captured you. If we were not too old friends for flirting, I would eay that your handsome- ugly face is the most attractive in the garden. It is a pretty picture, though, he went on, meditatively,— 'those women in their gay soft gowns, coquetting demurely with the eaballeros. Their eves An/1 mrvniha are like flowers ; and their skins are so white, and their hair eo black. The high wall, covered with green and Oaatilian roses, was purposely designed by Natnre for them. Sometimes I have a passing regret that it lis all doomed, and ; a half -century hence will hsve passed out of memory.' 'What dost thou mean?' I -asked; sharply. : 'Oh, we will not discuss the question :of the future. I sent Castro away from- the table in a towering rage, mid it is too hot to excite yon. Even" the impassive Bonds woman became so angry that she oonld nut eat her dinner.' ' It is your old wish for American occupa tion— the bandoleros ! No ; I will not dis cuss it with yon : I have gone to bed with my head bnrsting when we have talked of it before. Yon might have spared poor Jose. But let as talk of something else,— Ohonita. What do yon think of her ?' 'A thousand things more than one nsoaliy thinks of a woman after the first interview.' ' But do yon think her heantifol ?' 'She is better than beautiful. She is original.' I often wonder if sho wonld be La ..'Favorite of the South if it were not for her- , father's great wealth and position. The men who profess to be her slaves must have absorbed the knowledge that Bhe has the ' brains they have not, although she conceals . her superiority from thein" admirably ; her pride and love of power demand that she ; shall he La Favorite, although her eaballeros - most weary her. If she ma<?e them feel, insignifioant for a moment- they would fly to the standard of her. rival, Valencia Menendez, and her regalities wonld be gone forever. A few men have gone honestly wild over her, bnt I donbt if any one has ever really loved her. ; Snoh women- receive a surfeit of admiration, bat little love. If she were an unintelleetnal woman she wonld have an extraordinary power over men, with her beauty and her subtle charm ; bnt now she is' isolated. What a pity that your houses are at war 1' He had been looking away from me. Asl finished speaking he turned his faceslowly toward me, first tho profile, whioh looked as if cut rapidly, with a sharp knife ont of ivory, then the full face, with its eyes set so deeply under the soraggy brows, its mouth grimly humorous. He looked somewhat sardonic and decidedly selfish. Well Iknow what that expression meant. He had the kindest heart I had ever known, hut it never interfered with a most self-indulgent nature. I had often begged him to have consideration for some girl who I knew ohatmed him for the moment only ; bnt one secret of his success with women was his un feigned if brief enthusiasm. ' Let her alone !' I exolaimed. 'You can not marry her. She wonld go into a con vent before she wonld saorifise the traditions of her house. And if you were not at war, and she married yon, yen would only make her miserably happy.' . He merely smiled and continued, to look 'me straight in the eyes. ' CHAPTER V. I went np-stairs and fonnd Ohonita read ing Landqr's ' Imaginary Conversations.' (When Ohonita was eighteen, — she was now twenty-two,— Don Alfredo Robinson, one of the American residents, had at her father's request sent to Boston for a library ' of several hundred books, a birthday - gift for the ambitions daughter of the Iturbi y Mon- oadas. The selection was an admirable one; and a ranqho wonld not have pleased her as well. She read Eaglish and French with care, "although she spoke both languages brokenly.) As I entered she laid down the book and _ clespsd her hands behind her Vino J flna fvarnml linli lona omtakla than wbb her wont. . ' Thou hast been far away from the eabal leros and the donas of Monterey,' I said. ' Not even among Spanish ghosts.' ' I think thouoareafc at heart for nothing but thy hooks.' , ' Acd a few people, and my religion.' . 'Bat they come second, although thou wilt, not acknowledge it even to thyself. Suppose thou hadsfc to saorifise thy religion or thy hooks, never to read another ? Whioh wouldst thou choose ?' ' God of my soul ! what a question I No Spanish woman was ever a truer Catholic ; bnt to read is my happiness, the only hap piness I want on earth.' ' Art thou sure that training the intellect means happiness ?' Sure. Does it not give us the power to abstract ourselves from life when we are tired of it ?' ' True, but there . is another result thou hast not thought of. ; The more the intellect, is developed, the more aonte and aggressive is the nervous system ; tho more tenaoions is the memory, the more has one to live with, and the higher the ideals. When the time comes for thee to love thon wilt suffer with double the intensity and depth of the woman -whose nerves are dull or stunted.' i To suffer you- must love, and I never shall love. Who is there to love ? Books always Bnffioe me, and I . suppose there are enough in the world to make the time pass 'as long as I live.' ' 8 I did not continue the argument, knowing the placid superiority of inexperience. 1 But thon hast not yet told me whioh thou wouldat give up.' The books, of oourse. I hope I know say duty. I would saorifise all things to my religion. -Bat the people do not interfere now as they did in the last generation.' "-I -was very religious in those days, and my heart beat with approval. 'I have always said that the Chnroh may let women read what thsy choose. The good prinoiples they are horn with they will adhere to.' ' We are by nature coaservativesj that is nil A nri nra - hatrn aI ->a1Sa.2a U1 » w " v Maq mUCU Ui IvllglUiJl. We most have something to lean on, and men are poor props, as far as I have ob served. Sometimes after having read a long while in an absorbing book, particularly one that seemed to put something with a living hand into my brain and make it feel larger, I fisd that 1 am miles away from friendship ; I have forgotten its existence. £ always run back.' ' ' Rios I I should thick so. Yes, it is well we do need our religion. Men do not ; for that reason they drop it as they wonld the thiok blanket of ian Indian the moment tho wings oa their minds grow fast. . I do not dare ask Diego Estenega what he believes,, lest he tell me .he believes nothing and I should have to hear it. How dost thou like my friend, Ohonita ?' 'Art then asking me how I like the enemy of my house ? I hate him.' If he goe3 to Santa Barbara with Alvarado this summer wilt thou usk him to be thy guest ?' ' Of course. The enmity has always been veiled.- with muoh courtesy ; and I wonld ,hav8. him see that wo know how TO enter- tain.' I watched her oovertly ; I could detect no sign" of interest. Prereatly she took np the volume of Lander and read aloud to me, the stately English sonading oddly with her Spanish accent. CHAPTER VI. At ten o'clook the large sals of the gover nor's house was thronged with guests, and the music oi the flute, harp, and gaiter floated through the open windows : the musicians sat on tho corridor. Howharmo- nious was the Monterey ball-room of that day ? the women in their white gowns of every rich material, ' the men in white trousers, black silk jaokets, and low morocco shoes, no color exoept in the jewels and the rich Southern faces. The bare ugly aaIa, from whioh tho uglier furniture had been removed, needed no ornaments with that moving beauty ; and even the coffee-colored, high- stomached eld people were picturesque. I; wander through those deserted salas some times, and, as tho tears blister my eves, imagination . and memory people the cold rooms, and' I forget that the dashing oabal- leros and lovely donas who onoe called Monterey their own and made it a living piotuie-book are dust beneath the wild oats and thistles of the deserted oemetery on the hill. The Americans hardly kaow that snoh a people ohoe existed. Ohonita entered the sala at eleven o'clook, looking like a snow queen. Her gold hair, which always glittered like metal, was arranged to stimulate a "crown : she wore a gown of Spanish laoe, and ho jewels but the string- of blaok pearls. I never had seen her look so cold and so regal. Estenega stepped ont Upon the corridor. « Play El Son,' he said, peremptorily. . Then as the lively mnsio began he walked oyer to Ohonita and olappsd his -hands in- front of her as authoritatively as he had bidden the musicians. _ What he did was of frequent occurrence in the Californian ball-room, but she looked coldly rebellious. He oontinned to strike his bands together, and looked down upon her with ah amused smile whioh brought tho angry color to her face. Her hesitation excited the eagerness Of the other men, and they cried loudly,— ; 'EI Sen ! El Bon ! eenorita.' She could no longer refuse, and, passing E3tenoga with head haughtily ereot, - she bent it slightly to the eaballeros and passed to the middle of tho room, the other . guests retreating to the wall. Then, dropping her gown, she spun the length of the room like a white olond oaught in'a.oyclone. . (SO BB OONBffihED.) 