~^'A MYSTERY SOLVED. ♦ DETECTIVE STORY. 8T SPBOTfiTJM. CHAPTER I. Great heavens, boya I I just saw a dead ?ngell' . , 'A what?' came the enquiry, in a chorus, from a dozon bronze-faced and miuaoular young gentlemen, «s they oro'wdod round the first ?pcaker. : ,-— - ? ''~ ? 'Adeadangpl t' 'Where and whon T' ' 'lli'eht thoro, floating past on the tido; Mid tho handsomo , youth pointed over tho quarter-rail of tho yaolit into tho water. ' A boautiful gir),: oh ? Why how could you tell, old romancer, whothor it was tho body of ? boautiful girl or of somo one of maturor yoars, who may have tumbled over from somo ono of the piors ?' Dash Kingston's faco was as pale as that of » corpse, as he ropliod, in an carnost and solemn manner— very uncharacteristic of his . UBiial hilarious carolossnoss— #. 'I saw tho faco distinctly, and, the fact in, I was so enraptured by its startling beauty that, in my bowildermont, I mado no offort to rpBcuo tho lovely corpse fromthe water.' 'Well, see horo,' oxclaimcd ono of the party, named Homway, ' Let's lower tho boat and capturo that dead beauty. Wo lads, who Wide oursolvos on our dovotion to living beauties, should not allow a 'lovely corpse to float away on tho swelling tido, a dainty moan for the ponderous maws of Borne vornoious Bhark.' ? . , , 'No, no ! let it float away to soa,' said Dash Kingston, as ho drew his shapely hand across his face. 'Lot it float away to soa; it is enough to be haunted by its momory, without gazing on tho cold, beautiful thing again,' ho addod. The placo where tho conversation above re corded occurred was on the deck of a trim little yacht, which rodo at anchor off Rose Bay, Sydnoy Harbour ; and tho speakers wore members of its amateur crow, who had just brought their craft' to anchor after a week s cruiso up tho coast. It waa a lovoly evening, about an hour no fore sunset, whon Dash Kingston, ono of the ?party; was leaning over tho quarter-rail, and was dreamily looking down into tho deep blue water, cvsr which flashed, a fiory glim mer of gold Jrom the departing rays of the sun, when suddenly he waB startled by seeing 1 an object floating along towards him on tho ebb tide. ? One momont later, nnd it was gliding directly beneath hia gaze, when a strango, sharp pain pierced his heart, as ho recognised that the corpse was that of a beautiful young girl. So bowildored was ho, that ho stood like one transfixed, while tho startling vision drifted by and disappeared from sight. It .was Ihon that, suddenly recalled to him self, he uttered the exclamation with which we open our narrative. Dash Kingston was a woll-madc, handsome 1 youth of twenty-two. His father had been ono of tho wealthiest morchnnts in tho city, ond tho only son of tho ' millionaire had boon educated to expect ono of tho largest fortunes over bequeathed to an Ho graduntod at a foreign school, and then spent two years in travel, and returned homo at tfio ago of twenty-four, to iiud himself an orphan and penniless. Mining speculations had absorbed tho rich merchant's wealth, and in lieu of an immense landed estate and a hoavy banking account, at his death ho loft his son a number of com i paratively worthless scrip and his blessing only. , Dash, however, was not one to murmur and complain. Ho had his health, a good education, and tho heritage of nn unstained namo, and ho felt capablo of fighting tho battle of life suc cessfully. Although comparatively poor, ho'ivas none tho Iiish popular with his formor. companionn, nnd tho numbers of invitations to yachting ex cursions and other spart.ing nmuKiimtmta that ho received really seriously interfered with his laudable dosiro to establish himself in his cho sen profession. There wero few mon like Dash Kingston, however. Ho was a natural-born horo. Handsomo in person, sonorous and bravo, mid an adept at all manly cxercisra. A thorough sailor and yachtsman, a power ful oarsman, a skilful boxer and wrestler, a dead shot with either pistol or rifle, and with ''all, a whole souled, manly, dare-devil youth — a good friend, and a bravo and magnanimous enemy. When Homway, ono of his companions, first suggested tho recovery of tho body, Diush ob jected.as rolated,but after a moment's thought i he exclaimed : ' What a coward I Imvo suddenly become— afraid of a dead girl ! No, no— novcr ! Lower nway tho boat there, boys ; who knows but that our own bodies may float listless with the tido some day.' A word of command from Dash Kingston was sutneicut, and a few minutes later a boat was lowered, and Dash and two of hi.s young friends leapod into it and pulled away with tho tido to seek for tho boautiful corpse. Probably half an hour had passed since tho first discovery of the floating body, until tho throo young men wore in the bout and pulled ♦way in search of it. 'It is aohanco if we find it,'said Homway, A'ho.was sitting in tho prow on tho outlook. ' Well, go easy now ; shy her a little to the left ; I see something ahead.' Dash, who was at tho oars, did us directed, n while Hem way loaned forward and strained hi eyes in the thickening shadows of twilight upon the objoct that had attracted his atten tion. 'By Jove, boys, it is a body; but I'll bo hanged if I don't beliovo that it is the body of a man. Tho rivor must bo strewed with dead people.. Steady, now, steady ; a little moru to tho loft,' continued Hemway,and he leaned forward to seo tho object, which had disap peared for a momont in the hollow between the waves. Skilfully Dash guided tho boat as ho'was directed. A moment they woro lifted upon tho cro3t of a swoll, then swiftly tlioy shot down, and tho boat thumped heavily against a 'floating ob ject. ' By thunder !' oxclaimod Homway, in a husky voice,' ' here it is ; it is a woman's, after all.' Dash drew in his oars, and his friend guided the floating body besido the boat. It was not quite dark yot, and loaning ovor, ho glanced at tho dark object, when ho ox claimed : ' It is a female, certain, but it hasa black dross on ; the bluo-oyed corpse was clothed in whito.' 'Then this is hot the body you saw!' ' No.' 'This is a go, boys,' remarked Tom Hardy, tho third youth in the boat. ' What are wo going to do about it ?' asked tho praetical Hemway ;? ' wo cannot cast it adrift.' ' 111 bo shot if wo can take it into tho boat, ' sairtTom Hardy. 'We must find tho other one,' said Dash Kingston. ' Perhaps tho two women wore in tho boat together, and woro upset somowhoro up tho rivor.' 'Goodness, seo that I' middonly exclaimed Tom Hatrly, as ho leaned forward and took a closer Burvey. of tho black-robed corpso, add ing: ' This has beon a murdor I' and ho pointed toward tho dead woman's tomplo, whoro a gap ing wound was visible, tho wholo ni-lo of tho forehoad boing shattered as though by a blow from a bludgeon. Tho throo young men looked aghast at tho Cnurful night .in mlcnco for a moment, whon if-omwuy naid : ' My opinion is that wo had bettor cast thif objoct adrift, and pull-back to tho yacht.' 'Wo can tow it outturn tuid tauten it to ouo '?'),[ tUo ]fiio3, whero it will ba found In tho :,.}?? ' '? '' '' ???'' .. ?.'.''?'&**. ? ':?? :-:. morning; wo. can do no mortj,' u»ia\ JJaun Kingston. Twilight had dvJsponed into night, but tho red sunlight had boon succeeded by a round, full moon, which shono o'or the city beyond like a great ball of silver, and flashed a silvor sheon ovor tho dark waters. Torriblo and ghastly did tho fooo of the dead woman appear undor tho shadowy gleam of tho moonlight; and, as tho three young mon lookod npon tho whito but bloated foo turos, each felt a cold chill curdling around his heart. ' Fasten tho ropo around your prize,' Baid Hardy, ' and wo'U got through with tho first ghastly job.' Hoim^ay did as directed, and tho black robod figure was towod round to the stornjjf tho boat. Tho boat was now headed toward Wooloo moolooBay, and Dash Kingston rowod with a solemn regularity, as though at n floating funoral. In an hour thoy arrivod at tho wharf, whon Dash Baid, in a husky whisper,: ' Fasten it to ono of tho piles ; quick, Hom way, we are liable to bo discovered at any mo ment.' Assisted by Tom Hardy, Homway soon succeeded in fastoning the body, attachod by the ropo, to ono of tho piles, whon ho said : ' Now, thon, Dash, pull out easily ; all is right.' Dash foil to his oars, and had just succoodod in pulling out from under tho pior, whon sud denly, from tho dock over their hoads, camo the inquiry, in a gruff voico : ' Hold ! who goes there ?' ' It's a ' cop,' Dash,' said Homway ' Pull for vour life, now, Bub.' CHAPTER II. Tho three young men in tho boat oarod less for actual adventure than they did for the ghastly woi'k in which thoy hud been engaged, and whon Hemway exclaimed, 'Let her go it's a ' cop,' ' Dash laid to on his oars, and tho boat shot out from under tho pior like a raoe boat. 'Lay to !'* said tho eamo gruff voice t roiri the dock. . 'Go hang yourself!' called back Tom Hard}*, who was a reckless, dare-devil sort of a chap. Tho answor to this polito invitation was a pistol-shot. '' By thunder I tho wretch take us for river thieves,' ONclaimcd Homway, as ho dodged a ball that whizzed over his hoad. Bang ! bang I came sevoral other shots in quick succession, but Dash Kingston's strong rowing had carried thorn boyoud pistol- shot rango. ' Am I heading for the yacht, boys ?' asked Dash. , 'Yes, all right, my hearty. Don't I see her light dipping toward tho river as though it would bury itself in a mist of silvor Rpray ?' said Homway. ' Are yon going to give up your search for tho blue-eyed dead angel ?' asked Tom. ' I shall not continue my search just at pro-'' sent.' And without another word Dash Kingston pulled straight toward tho yacht Susio. Once alongside, his two companions loaped aboard, whilo ho remained in the boat. ' Are you not coining aboard, Dash ?' asked Hemway. ' Not at present. Send Yanko to mo.' 'All right,' was tho answer, and in a few moments n black faco protruded over tho sido of the yacht, and its coloured owner asked : ' You want mo, Missa Kingston ?' 'YoS, Yanko; I am going ashoro, nnd I wnnt you to oomo along with mo to bring the boat back.' 'AH right, sail,' replied tho blaok, and he leaped over tho quarter-rail of the yacht into tho boat. ' ? At this moment Tom Hardy came to the*rail' and called out : .- ' 'Whore are you oft to, Dash ?' ' Ashoro,' was tho reply, and tlio boat glided away from tho sido of the yacht. \- '' I'll bo hangud if I don't think that Daah Kingston has lost his senses; ho is going off on a night excursion all alonu to fish for that blue eyed beauty that ho imagines ho saw floating by here a spoil ago,' muttered Tom, as ho turned away and joined ono or two of tho crew seated by tho cabin door. In tho meantime Dash Kingston had rowed silently towards tho Manly shoro, and running up undor ono of tho piers, lie said to tho black Yanko : ' I am going to got out here, and you can take tho boat back.' 'When mo pull away tako you back, Missa Kingston?' ' You need not come at all ; go ahead now ; I am all right,' answered Dash, as he jumped up upon tho wharf. Twenty minutes from tho doparturo of tho boat, Dash Kingston glided out into tho stream in a cat- riggod sailing-boat, and drifted away with tho tido. There was a stiff breezo blowing directly towards tho other' shore, and Dash, thinking the objoct of which he was in search had drifted thore, headed his boat in that dire lion. All the way across tho harbour ho kept his eyes constantly on the alert, scanning overy floating object that he' passed with- tho closost scrutiny, but no sign of tho whito-robed figuro rewarooa mm. Just outsido the shriro-swoll ho steered his boat bo as to sail as near tho beach as possible, and so commenced to niako a comploto circuit of ?. the shore. ? ?. . Ho had not proceeded very far ero he be hold a dark object moving slowly along the beach. Wondering what tho man ho had seon was up to,Dash turned his boat out from tho ahoro, so as not to attract tho attention of tho wan derer on the beach, whilo he himself could see tho man's movemonts. Presently Dash saw tho man on the beach come to a halt, and strain his eyes out upon . tho water. Dash had brought his boat to, and was lean ing ovor tho gunwale, when ho saw the strangoly-aoting man wade into tho witter, and tho next moment seizo an object floating on the crest of a wavo. llising to his feot suddenly, Dash loanod forward, and soon behold a Bight that causod him to exclaim : ' By Jovo, he has found it ?' and ho imme diately headed toward tho promontory juttinf out from the ahoro. ;' CHAPTER III. The youth felt greatly oxoited. His eyot beamed with a queer light, and a pallor over spread his handsomo features as ho ran for tho shore. ' That fellow is a bird of prey,' muttered Dash, as lib movod stealthily along, dodging from rock to rook. By the timo tho youth arrivod in Bight ol tho man and his prey tho latter had succeeded in hauling tho body ashoro, and his movements at onco betrayed that Kingston's suspicions wero correct, as tho latter was able to seo, by tho nid of the moonlight, that at that very momont tho follow was trying to pull a ring from tho fingov of the corpso. Keeping out of view, ho obsorvod tho man's movomonts for a momont, while making up his* mind how to procood. It was a marvolously clear night ; tho light of tho moon mado objects almost as plainly visible as at noonday. Kingston was still undooidud as to what ox cuse ho should offer for disturbing tho man,' whon ho saw tho latter draw a olasp-knifa from his pocket and mako a movement as though about to sovur ouo of . tho dead girl's fingers. Tho youth could not stand this, and leaping forth, ho shouted : ' Hold on, you wretch ; what are you doing thore?' 11 And who may you bo ?' asked tho man, in a gruff voico, turning round and standing revealed in the moonlight, with tho dead girl's hnndelaspod in one hand and tho glittering kuifo in tho other. 'I am ono who will m»t stand by and permit you to mutilate Hie dead.' 'You bo, oh? Woll, seo horo, my young counter flipper, if yon don't about maroli and go about your busiuoas, I'll auiothor you in tho wator there.'. Tho young man ([lanciktlbout in overy. direa. tion.and hin eyo full upon! piece of a brokoh oar lying upon tho bixiuh. I A moment later Dash hll uoaurod it. It proved to bn tho roild, heavy ond, and ? tho youth was delighted hat ho had secured such an excellent cudgol. I ' ' Soizing tho oudgol flrinlyihe moved toward tho ruffian with tlio vomarljjin a threatening tono : '} 'My friond^you will havj tomovo away.' Tho man dropped tho deaflhand, and growl ing more like, a dog than a Ionian boing, as he drew from his pockot a pinto! and aiming it at Dash, exclaimed in a iiercjj voice, and with many oaths : j ' ' Look horo, Mister ! I'vttjust got a little toy horo that's worth a million of sticks like that ; and if you don't wan^ n hole in your skin you'll moosey, and not bake any bones about it, either.' . '. , 1 Dash did not halt as commanded, but boldly advanced toward tho villain, ^dotenninod to bring matters to a decided issue at onco. Tlio man lovolled his pistol, and shouted I ' Stand back, or by ? I'll'fihnot 1' Still, without flinching, Daslit advanced. Thoro camo a click, but no report. At tho moment that' the irjan pulled tho trigger of his pistol Dash swung tho bludgeon in, tho air. ????? £ As the Irishman says, '? shillelah novor misses fire,' nnd tho piece of oar cpod through the air and descended upon the wrist and hand of tho murdorous body robbor, knocked tlio pistol 'from his grasp, and compelled him to yell with pain.) ;. Still tho man wan not overcome.', . ' ' ? Springing back, ho drew a murderouslook ing knife, and then attempted to close in upon his gallant young antagonist. ;, The latter, however, was ton much for him, and quito a lively skirmish followed. Both men dodged and parried' upon tho beach in the presence of the dead body of the young girl. ' ? ? 1 Kingston's kindness prevented ihim from using his formidable weapon, as ho oould havo done. His objoct was to knock tho knife from tho man's hand as ho had dono tho pistol; and then drivo him off.' '{ He failed to succeed, and tho stubbornnoss of tho man invited his own doom. ' Will you make off?' asked Dash. : ' ' And leave the diamonds and jewels to you, 'pard ? No, no, ropliod the man, from between his clenched teeth. 'Then your fate be on your own head,' ex claimed Dash. ' Go kcorful, young man ; this is murder, yor know.' ' Will you make off ?' 'No I' yolled tho man, and with n fearful oath ho made a spring at Dash. 'Tho latter was prepared. ? His patience was also exhausted, and down camo hin oudgol, whon the foiled robbor sunk upon tho wet' sand. CHAPTER IV. A wiorcrand ghost-liko scone was presented upon that lonely beach under tho bright moon light as Dash dropped upon his knees on tho wot sand, and loanod over tho pale, stark faco of tho dead girl. Even while ho knelt bosido her it seomed us though those exquisitely-formed, lips would part, and from tho pearly teoth would como a sweet voice, asking, 'Where ami?' Instinctively h,0' brushed tlio - damp hair aside, and laid his hand upon tho fair fore heud. It was cold — icy cold, and a chill ran through , his framo as though he had laid his warm hand - upon a statue carvod out of ice. With a heavy nigh, ho' aroso to his feot nnd Rteppod over mid glanced at the ruffian he had stricken to tho earth. Kneeling, ho placed his hand over tho man's . hoart. ? / Ho lived ; and, with the muttered remark : ' It is hard to kill such scoundrels,' Dash re turned and contemplated tho white fWiro of the murdored girl. ' Whilo he gazed his eye fell upon an object that glittered like a spark of fire. ; A elosor inspection proved that it was a brilliant jewel that glistened upon tho girl's finger. *'' He stoopod, as though about to removo it, whon a nervous repulsion' caused him to start back and exclaim : ' No ; I cannot rob tho dead I' Thon hin'oyea foil upon two other jewels that sparkled in tho girl's cars. ' What shall I do ?^ If I Wave those jewels glittering upon that'girl's person and go for assistance, f!3io other vandal like' yon scamp may come along and possess himself of them,' hemuttorod. After reflecting a moment, ho addSH : ' I will roinpvo them and hold them for the friends of tho .dead girl.' Dash was more successful than tho robber hadbeon, and had but littlo difficulty in re moving tlio jowols. . He had but just possessed himself of them when ho hoard voico3,nnd upon raising his eyes hssaw tho glimmer of a light approaching to ward him along the beach. ' Great heavens ! If I am found with these jowols on mo I will bo lookod upon as a robber of the dead ;' he suddenly exclaimed. Instinetivoly ho turned, as though to run away. ? . ? '?I mean no harm, but I must protect my Kolf^ho muttered, and with a cat-liko stop he moved away. After proceeding a ahort distanco ho ascended the bank that lined tho beach, and moving stealthily along, retraced his steps to a point opposite to where tho body lay. He had but just time to conceal himself when a party of four men, carrying a lantern with them, reached tho spot whero tho white figure lay. ? Tho mon had but just discovered the body, and a scone of excitement followed. From his hiding place Doshcould hear every word that was spoken, and, while listening, ho had a premonition of tho terriblo mistako' he had mado. ' ' There has beon foul murder horo, 'said ono of tho men, as he hold his' lantern down over tho faco of tho dead girl. 'It hris been a doublo murder,' cried an other of tho men, as his eyo fell upon the form of the man. ( 'No, by thunder! This follow. lives,' he added, after a momont, as ho felt the wounded man's pulse. 'Yes; I live,' came the 'response in feeble tones. 'What has happened?' asked the men in chorus, as they gathered round. ' Give mo a drink first ; I am dying of thirst.' Ono of the newcomors had a flask with him, and put it to the man's lips. ; Tho latter drank, and seomed greatly re vived, whon ho said : ' A terriblo crime has just beon committed before myoyos.' ' Toll us about it, quick ! Tnore may yot be n chance to capture tho assassin.' Tlio follow protended to bo very much over come by tho torriblo scone ho hnd witnessed, nud also to fool bad from tho effects of tho blow lie had rocoivod ; but taking another good pull from tho 11 ask, ho said : 'I was walking along .tho boach, when I saw a struggle going on in a boat a little ofT tho shore betweon a man and a woman. Tho man finally seized an oar and struck tho girl a blow on tlio back of tho hoad.and sho fell overboard, when tho man sailed away.' ' And this in tho girl that was murdored ?' 'Yes ; I recovered tho body after an hour's labour, and had just succeeded in hauling it nshoro, whon tho assassin returned. Ho as saulted mo, and a struggle followod, but with tho samo oar with which ho crushed in tho skull of tlio girl ho laid mo out, thon robbed the body of tho girl of several valuable jowols, andoscapod.' Dash heard tho wholo story, nnd would have rushed dawn and douiml it ; but, alas ! circum stances woro against him. Tho girl's hoad had beon cmshod by n blud goon, nnd ho really had the jowel's on his per son, although for no unlawful pnrpnst'. Ono of tho mon was loft wjtli tho body, while tho others started to notify tho authorities, so 1 that an imnipdiata suarch lni'uht bo 'instituted lor tlio supposed Msmmin. Tho man had fnrriishqd nn accurate dosorip tion of Dash Kingston, and, an the latter stole away,ho fully realised his peril ; circumstances — fatal circumstances, were against him,and-hn havJVnconsciously assisted in gathering thorn aboui him. ... Ho succoedoil'm reaching tho city without being discovered, and upon the following morn ing roatf in tho papers the usual sensational and exaggerated account of a dinbolical irfurder, in-^ eluding an accurato description of tho clothing worn by tho assassin, and a garbled doeoription of his person. Tho matter had gone bo far that Dash darod not now discloso himself and relate tho truo facts ; and in hopostlnvt tho matter would blow ovor in a'fow.days, ho shoved off his whiskers, nnd moustacho, and in other ways altered his nppoaranco, nnd making oxcusos to his friends, went to Molbourno. Upon tho vory ovoning of his arrival ho was passing tho door of the laidcs' parlour in tho hotel, whon ho bohold a sight that caused his heart to stand still, and tho blood to freeze in his veins. Thoro, standing in tho centre of tho parlour, was a lady ; and beyond any question of doubt marvellous as it seemed, that lady that his oyes rested upon was tho living, breathing, girl' tho doad body of whom ho believed ho had loft upon tho Roso Bay shore undor tho moonlight Borne hours before. - - At firat ho thought it might bo only a fanciod rosomblanco. Rocovoring Mb Belf- poBsession, he stepped into the room. Thoro was not tho least possibility of a mis take ; there woro tho same foatures, tho Bame lovoly bluo oyes, tho same golden tresses, tho. oxnuitlto mouth— all,all the name. ' Oh, hoavonn ! cm I mad, or Iwvo T linen dreaming Bomo horrible dream I' murmuret. Dash, as ho staggorod from tho room. Bnt tho idea of a dream was quickly dis^ polled. His hand pressed tho jowols in his pocket, and tho bluo oyes.were turned toward him in wondoring amazoment £'j.'o an Ooutlhuhd.I 