WELL WORSHIP. ("DAILY NEWS.'') Early Northern Christianity, of course, tried to put down well worship without much success. Very recently, if not now. wells in Derbyshire were 'jressed' with flowers on a certain diiy, and a rustic merry-making fol lowed. All this would have been ' idolatry' in the eyes of King Egbert, or of St. Cummin, who died in G09 A.n., and the praotico really is a relic of ' Gentilis.ii,'as Aubrey calls it. King Egbert imposed three years of penance 011 people who kept wakes at wells, so did St. Cummin. But whereas the wake was originally hallowed to the well itself or to its presiding naiad, in latter times the wells were sacred to saints, and the wake, or noc turnal festival, went on merrily. There is a little lochan, near the Naver, whither the country people still gather, or very lately were used to gather, and hold a wake, on a certain night in summer. Tne consequent frivolities have been obnoxious to the kirk, as well as to the Church. The ancient religion ' proved an excuse for a class,' or a lass, or both, and all forms of festive religion are difficult to reform out of existence. The Muss was easily ' stamped out' in Scotland, but the repression of Rabin Hood's games nearly caused a revolt against the ministers Thus well worship lingered on, perhaps lingers yet, though tlie pilgrims are honoring an unknown naiad, or a disestablished saint. In Cornwall and Devonshire, where pixies yet bear sivay, old sacred wells «re common with the pathetic ruinous aichcs of Gothic stonework. About one of these Bishop Hall \vrifes, Mr. Hope says, in his ' Mystery of Godliness.' The worthy prelate is arguing that angels are serviceable to the pious, and mentions as a proof of this, that St. Madern's well, in Cornwall, cured a poor cripple. This occured in 1610, when John Trelille was thrice warned in dreams that he should visit the spring, wash in it, and sleep in ' St. Madern's bed.' He instantly recovered. This, in fact, was clearly i case of faith healing, as in the affair of Pascal's niece and the Sainte Epine. The Bishop ' took strict and impartial examination in my last trien nial visitation. 1 found neither art nor collusion; the cure done, the author an in visible God.' Yet, as St. Madern's bed is a s'-one bench, we do not advise lame persons to bathe in the well, and then lie on the stone, without first consulting their usual medical attendant. To 'boussen,' or duck, the in sane in a holy well is also a strong measure, and, before doing so, it may be as well to take counsel's opinion and square tho police. There is a rare ghost story attached to the pool of the Black Hound, at Dean Combe, in Devon. An industrious and opulent weaver died and was buried. Next day he was found in his chamber, working as hard as usual at his loom. 'And what for, no.?' we may ask; diligence in a ghost is too rare a quality to be discountenanced. The weaver's sons did not like tho affair, somchmv; they -tie.nt for the parsorij'whi) took a dull conven tional view of the subject. ' Knowlas, come down !' ho said, ' this is no place for thee,' as if forsooth, it was any business of his. The clerical arrogance of a bloated priesthood, overriding the industrious poor in their most intimate concerns, was never more nakedly exposed. However, like the coon of fable, Knowles ' came down.' The parson then, with brutal rudeness, threw a handful of church mould in the.poor woaver's face ; he never rallied, but became a black hound on tho spot, where he still haunts the well. Now observo the superiority of Presbyterian in stitutions, and the self-relying independent spirit of a ghost in Scotland. The father of James Thomson (Hie author of ' The Castle of Indolenco,' not the light-heartod poet of the ' City of Dreadful Nifrlu') was a minister at Ancrum, or some neighboring parish. He was called in to exorcise a ghost. That ghost did not budge, and the Rev. Mr. Thomson I fell down dead in the attempt to evict a. Border apparition. 'It is a pity,' as Mr. Harry Foker says, ' that the clergy should interfore in these matters.' | A Fact.-It is an undisputed faot that Sander and Sons pure volatile Eucalypti Extract is suparior to any other eucalyptus preparation. It is aa excollont remedy for ooughs, co'.ds, influonza, diarrhoea, dysentry, diphtheria, wounds, bruines, opriina, eta.-TADVT. An UPHEAVAL. - The unusual roductious in prices now ruling at Balsillie and Germann's gigantic cash sale of drapery prove that this firm havo got a very firm grip of tho necessities of the community, and they furth»r inform us that " A great upheaval of bargains" has resulted from the earth wave in the city, and that they are all to be found on the tables and counters of their place of business. Flannelettes, _ 2a lid doxrn; would be cheap at6^d yard. Ladies' cloth jauketg, 3s lid; .well worth 7s 6d; and many other lines equally 1 cheap only to bs got at Balsillie and Germann's, gjenaral drapers, Pall Mall, Bendigo- [ABVT. 