ST. MATTHEW'S CHURCH , WEN DOUREE. SETTING THE FIRST BRICK. It has been felt for some time by those re sponsible for the Anglican charge of the locality generally known as Wendouree, that the church ministrations afforded by St. Peter’s, on the City side of the lake, were both inconvenient and distant. Through the kindness of the City Board of Advice, the Rev. Canon Flower, vicar of St. Peter’s, secured at the close of ISOI the temporary loan of the Wendnnree State school for Sunday u«e. Here, through the labors chiefly of his assistants, Messrs Wrigley and Burgess, a well-established congregation of adults and a gratifying Sunday school, were gathered. Enterprise quickly suggested the advisability of church building. The in ception of. this was due to a primary offer of land on the part -of Mr J. Snow, near his residence. Sub sequently a* generous offer nf land else where from Mr Boslier eventuated, by the neighborly kindness of Mr George Smith, in the final acquisition of a capital site on the Learmonth road opposite the State school. A bnildiog committee was formed, and many residents in the Inc >iity contributed or pro mised aid towards the building. Plans having been sanctioned by the bishop in council, and the tender of Messrs Eggingtnn and Son accepted, yesterday was fixed for the laying of the first brick in the founda tion. A goodly assemblage, including repre sentatives from other parts of Ballarat, had gathered at 4.30, the hour fixed. A robed procession, consisting of the boys of St. Peter’s choir and choir master (Mr V. Woolcock), -Mr Burgess (reader), Rev. J. C. Carmichael (incumbent of St. John’s), Canon Flower aud Canon Rid cliff, chaplain, bearing the pastoral staff before the bishop, formed at the school-house and marched to the site of the church build ing, where a short but impressive service was conducted. Apologies were received Ven. Archdeacon Green, Canonß Mercer and Morris, and Rev. Curzou-Siggere. After the recital of the Apostles’ Creed, the bishop said—“ln the faith of Jesus Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this foundation stone of a church to be called St. Matthew’s, Wendouree, in the name of the Father, and nf the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.” He then placed in a prepared cavity a bottle containing a scroll, upon which was written the words:—“To the glory of God, and the advancement of true religion, this first brick of the church of St. Matthew, Wendouree, was duly laid on Tuesday, sth September, 1593, in the presence of a largo number nf residents, by Samuel, first Bishop of Ballarat, Canon Willoughby Flower, M.A., vioar, and Mr Burgess, reader.” The bishop then plaaed tho first brick in position, after which the choristers and congregation joiiied in singing a suitable hymn. Canon Flower, in the course of a short address, described the need of church ministration in that part nf his parish, and the Rteps reported above, whioh had led to their successful beginning that day in raising a comely little House nf God. He took that opportunity of gratefully recognising the earnest interest and vigorous support of many, and also of expressing confidence that God’s bleßsing, besought in that tonchiDg service, would abide upon the work thus happily begun. The bishop followed with an address. He said he had long waited for the day, which had at last arrived. He believed North Wendouree waß destined to be one nf the choicest suburbs of the city. It was a most desirable place of residence, and he rejoiced to see houses springing up there in all directions. Before long a rail way station and a post-office would be erected. Other bodies of Christians had already built churches and schools or other religious buildings and it was high time the Church of England, which had begun regular service there two years ago, should have a place in which those services could be pro perly conducted. An admirable site had been secured, and a comely churoh would soon occupy it, to be a happy home for the many Church nf England residents in the neighborhood. With a church to work in, Canon Flower and his excellent and inde fatigable assistant, Mr Burgees, would find their work among the people quite a dif ferent thing to what it had been hitherto, ami he did not doubt that a fresh step of great importance was being taken that aft- moon in the onward path of the Church of England in Ballarat. He trusted that not only the Church of England, but the Church of Christ in the broadest sense, might benefit by the pro ceedings of the day, and that a friendly interest would he excited among all classes of residents in what had happened. He needed not to say that the proceedings had his own entire approval as bishnp of the diocese, and ns one nf the Church of England residents of the distriot, hv felt pleasure in contributing his mite to the enterprise, and hoped that nil present would now do some thing to show the belief and depth of sym pathy and good-will which their presence of itself implied. An offertory was then made whioh, includ ing promises, amounted to £3l. The singing of the hymn “Saviour, blessed Saviour” brought the proceedings to a close. Valu able service was rendered on the ground by the members of the hnilding committee, Messrs Anage, Bosher, Chiverton, Falconpr, Ruffle, Reynolds, Shillington, Snow and Woods. These gentlemen have also con tributed generously to the movement in addition to collecting from others. The building, which it is estimated will cost upwards nf £3OO, will consist of a brick foundation with a wooden superstructure. The dimensions are as follows:—Nave, 26 feet x 20 feet; chancel, 12 feet x 12 feet; vestry, 9 feet each way; porch 6 feet square. The exterior is of weatherboard. The upper portion of the front will be half timbered, and fini-hed with rough cast work, some what different to the orthodox style. The interior is to he dadoed above, while it is proposed to have the walls covered with fibrous plaster. The oeiliug will be of wood, constructed so as to show the gable roof. The building will b« prettily painted nnd decorated, while the windows will b» composed of what is known as “beaded lights” of a speaial design. The altar, font, reading desk, and other furni ture will he constructed of kauri pine, var nished. Accommodation will be provided for 80 persons, with provision for additions. Messrs Gilbert and Clegg are the architects, and Mr T. Eggingtnn the contractor. 