SIR RICHARD OWEN'S GHOST STORY. A correspondent of the London Daily ITcvi. furnishes the following "ghost story," whic! the late Sir Richard Owen was fond of relat ing:—In his early dais, 'Alien he held the post of surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died in the gaol, and a post-mortem as well as an iDquest were necessary. After the inquest the young surgeon sa w the body put in the coffin and the lid screwed down to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the time been already attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and negroes' heads were not plentiful, to he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of science. In the evening he returned to the prison with a black bag con taining a brick—from his official position he had no difficulty In getting admittance to the mortuary, where the coffin lid was unscrewec and sorewed down again. During this procesa . the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal entrance to the gaol has a considerable descent; and the time being winter, with snow and frost, Owen had soarcely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length—the bag went from bis hand, and the head tumbled out and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up, caught the b3g, and following the head clutched it just as it finished its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vanished out of the shop with all the speed he was capable of. Next morning, when Owen was going to bis usual duties at the prison, he was called in by the woman at the shop where the accident had occurred on the previous evening. She wished him to see ner hus band, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a fright the night before that caused him to look wild and dazed-like. The man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who had bec-n in many adventures among the West Indif Islands, when many deeds were done that die not at that time require to be accounted for, Among these had been the killing of a negrc in which he had a hand, and the transactioE had left a touch of trouble on his conscience. After giving these details the old captain told of the horrible eveDt that took place the night before. He was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced he had been thinking of the negro, when suddenly he saw his very head roll into the shop in front ol the counter, and it was followed by the Devil, ali in black, with a black bag in bis hand. The Devil snatched up the bead, and both disap peared through the earth like a flash o! lightning. The description was perhaps no! quite complimentary to the young anatomist but it was satisfactory so far that it showet that Mb identity had not been recognised. 