? Warm. Grupip, Suicide, Sparrows. Infelicity. Jerstys farewelled. Attempted murder. Continental weather. Is marriage a failure ? Fruit glut in country. Aquatics at Kapunda. Laughter at the RoyaL. Where are the locusts ? Continentals to-morrow. Sunshades still in season. Queensland Fund, £24,818. Criminal Sittings resumed. An epidemic of assault cases. Obit.—February, 1893—R. LP. Methodist leaders fraternising. Sweating is a topic of the hour. Barometer at noon to-day, 29 SG. Wilson the new swimming champion. A case for " direct veto" at Goodwood. Police pay day. Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay. Hawaii annexation shelved by Congress. George, King of Tonga, aged 91, is dead. "Silver Chimes" well staged at the Bijou. Amusing comedy in " The Late Lamented. A powerful appeal for the Maternity Home. " urampus" bobs up serenely from time to time. Trying to wreck Home Rule with a financial scare. Victorian dairymen bnttered to the tone of £8,00i>. The Show thie week promises to be a great success. Intemperate teetotallers are going the whole —animal. IHis Excellency will attend the Show on Thursday. Expected arrival—" Hamlet", and his father's ghost. Something more than colour being found at Glen Taggart. We are inducing the people by hundreds to congest the city. Dr. Cockburn has added a new plank to his political platform. Smith's family jars have boiied'over. There will be an inquest. Melbourne Bulls and Bears proceeded against for loitering. " Bellamy" Southern enjoying his quarters in Russell-street Gaol. Agricultural Bureau Congress will be able to publish a large tome. Standard is whipping its own party. Is Randy jealous of Arthur 5 No official annual report is given by the Agricultural College. Why 1 Theatre staff with sisters, cousins, and aunts picnicked at Belair yesterday. School of Mines Council held a Mutual Admiration Society yesterday. Wine industry to be wiped out when the Magarey millenium comes along. Adelaide and Suburban Tram Company carried four passengers to a mile. In 1879 Weller-strtet, Goodwood, witnessed a sweetheart murder and suicide. We dote on the military, who are full of sympathy for suffering comrades. What a birthday present to our punning P.M.G., C.M.G.—a weathercock. Dr. Cockburn preaches that the Bible is the best text-book on political economy. G.P.O. extension to be handed over to-day. Is the settlement to follow later on ? It is taking a long while to cloee up tbe business of the late Elder Expedition. American Irish condemn the Home Rale Bill because it has too little revolution. Marching to prohibition with the song of Simi n the Cellarer ringing in our ears. Dr. Cockburn is delighted to welcome Mr. Play ford as a disciple as to some views. Before Professor Lowrie went to the Agricultural College there were yearly reports. Sun rose at 5.49 a.m.; sets at 6.37 p.m. Moon rises at 5.36 p.m.; sets at 2.33 a.m. Adelaide Liedertafel on tbe sad sea wave niqht. Refreshed on the Hohenzollern. The Vermin Commission is being reported a gentleman who does not write shorthand. Trades and Labour Council gave the Cemniistioner of Public WorkB on eye opener. The Karl and Countess of Jersey have done good and honest work for New South Wales. "D. H. B." stirs tip Ch.";stian hearts to help the Salvationists to maintain the Maternity Home. For a few weeks footballers will be in evidenceat "socials." Afterwards comes the tug of war. Australian Natives tried to make afterdinner speeches without even "mawkish" liquor." Shakspeare in the ascendant next week with. Walter Bentiey in a round of tli9 Bard's best creations. Ferret Smith's bulldog bit hiB wife and then himself. She is in the Hospital. His funeral's tomorrow. Hon. E. Ward is eliciting practical information through the Vermin Commission as to " Grampus." H.E. Jersey asked to ssnd New South Wales legislators about their business. He doesn't see it H.I.M. Victoria sends her Jubilee medal to Mrs. Millar in return for the peal of bells for the Imperial Institute. Old Scholars bat-and-ball performance yesterday on the Oval resulted—P.A.C.,.320; Saint's, 141 for 2 wickets. Fire in unoccupied house at North Broken Hill. Incinerated remains of a five-year- old boy discovered in the ruins.} Adelaide and Suburban Tramway are not given to novelties. No competitisn to create friction in the grey convolutions. Is it true that a well-known country Wesleyan Church has appointed a caietaker remarkable for his freedom of thought f Mr. C. G. Gurr appears to be astonished at the Unley Counoil demanding possession of what it regarded as its own property. With the thermometer high in the day, the east wind prowling about at night, and influenza on the alert, is life worth living ? " Government would allow no undue preesureon the working men." Pity certain Civil Sen-ants could not come nnder the category. Shaksperian students will look out for Walter Bentley's new readings as the Prince of Denmark. Will he give an original conception of Hamlet? like certain newspaper pictorial illustrations of local oelebrities the carved figures at the General Post- office Extension required names to be added underneath. Mr. C. G: Gurr accuses the Unley Council of " un gentlemanly discourtesy." What is gentlemanly disoourtesy ? And what Gurr-tesy the Unley Council accuse Mr. Gurr of ? A poor clerk with a wife and family ie giving half a crown every pay day (last day in month) and wants seven others to contribute the same amount to the Maternity Home. "You gentlemen who spend as much in cigars or tobacco in one month as would support a poor girl in a Maternity Home for a week, w ill not you spare aa odd hali a. crawn for this noble work ?' An irate Commercial Bank of South Australia shareholder would rather pay his shilling towards advertising the list of defaulting shareholders than in hearing Liquidator Playford crying over spilt milk. 'VERSARIES.—Our indefatigable antiquarian crumbman, during his researches among the rusty, musty, fusty, dusty archives of the past, accidentally found an epistle addressed to m young maiden named Martha Blonnt by Dean Swift, dated February 28.1728. Here it is :— " Dear Patty—I am told you have a mind to receive a letter from me, which is a very indecent declaration in a young lady, and almost a confession that yon have a mind to write to me, for as to the fancy of looking on me as a man (ana oonsequenae, it is what I will never understand. I am told, liltewise, you grow every day younger, and more"» fool, which is directly contrary to me. I wish you would bring Mr. Pope over w ith yon when you come, but we will leave Mr. G»y to his brggars and his operas till he is able to p*y his club. Since I can never live in England my greatest happiness would be to have yon and Mr. Pope condemned during my life to live in Ireland-he at the deanery, and you. for reputation's Bake, just at next aoor, and I wfll give you eight dinners a week, ana a whole halfdozen of pint bottles of good French wine at your lodgings, a tiling yon could neve; expect to arrive at, and every year a suit of fourpenny stuff that should not be worn onfc at the tight side. Adieu, dear Patty." The grave divine was turned eixtv when he wrote .this, liMe thinking it would be read by thonsanat of other Toung maidens at the antipodes after 106 yeare had expired. 