SPORTING NEWS SPORTING NEWS FROM MEL BOURNE. By ' Nunquam Dormio.' Melbourne, July 11. The Turf. Last Saturday was the opening day of the Victoria Racing Club Grand National Meeting, and as the weather was fine, though cold, there was a splendid gather ing of spectators ; only, in consonance doubtless with the bad times, the vast ma jority utilised ' ShankB's pony' to get to the course, and patronised the flat at Flemington when they got there. For all that there was a rattling good attendance, both on the Stand and hill, and as His Ex* celleucy the Governor, lady, and suite pat ronised the sport, additional lustre was ad ded to the scene. Not that it was particularly brilliant } as the recent soaking rains rendered the famous lawn so soft that Ranger Smith (doubtleBB with an eye to the fact that we ate within four months of the Melbourne Cup) wisely de termined to declare it tabu, and therefore those beauteous demoiselles who were pre sent were precluded from indulging in their customary ' afternoon crawl at Fleming ton.' For they are not all built like that polite body, the Countess of Hopetoun. Her ladyship evidently believes in the fhoroughbred, and there she was, in the saddling paddock on Saturday, by no means the least interested spectator as the contestants were undergoing their toilette. Having sent you the dry-as- dust details by wire, there is no necessity for me to bore you wifti those facts and figures over again, and so I will just touch on the more salient features of the afternoon's racing. Oxcnham, who won the Maiden Hurdle Race, hails from New South Wales, where he has won quite a number of races on the flat. Tom Payten and a lot of the Sydney hoys came down to back him, being satis fied that no maiden could live with him on the flat, but being a bit doubtful as to his jumping capabilities. However, the first part of the racejwas traversed at a funereal pace, which just suited Oxenham, as he bid them them all 'ta-ta' as soon as he lauded in the straight for home, albeit he as near as a toucher came down at the last hurdle. Although the Sydney division planked down their dollars right gaily on Oxenbam he did not start first favorite, that honor resting with Comedian (in Walter Hic keubotham's stable), ft four-year-old by Swiveller out of Burlesque. He didn't get closer than third, however, Walter informing me after the race that he slipped on to a hurdle shortly after the start, and cut himself so severely that his performance afterwards was only just short of being miraculous. Which, of course, must be set down on the tablets of our memory for future reference. There was another customer started in that event who will be heard of anon, never fear ; a four-year-old named Titanic (by Leolinus), in the Messrs. Miller's stable. The Two Year-Old Handicap did not reveal anything startling ; Loch Ness (by Lochiel-Nonsenso) boing made favorite, and finishing fourth, whilst Matai, who was second favorite, came in third. Matai is a rare brod'un, being by St. Leger out of Mata's dam (Raupo). The winner turned up in Tanpo (a filly belonging to the Hon. D. S. Wallace), who is by Malua out of Verdure, the mare who should have won the Caulfield Cup annexed by Lit tle Jack in 1882. She has been a very consistent performer, and, considering her previous exploits, was extremely well un posted with 7st. 51b. The tune (lmin. 223 sec. f°r ?»* furlongs) was wretchedly slow, however; along with which you can take it from me a number of the other dozen could safely have been labelled ' Not wanted on the voyage. ' My Derby out sider, Joe Cripps's Excel, was one of the twelve, but he did not come under the cate gory, as Joe was very confident about Mb colt just prior to the start, and when I quoted Taupo to him ho remarked: 'Oh, Excel beat her before, and I fancy he will beat her again.' After the race I hap pened to meet liim, and he informed me that he did not think the race was a fair criterion of Excel's merits, as, when well positioned, and about to make bis effort, something chopped clean across him and drove him right back. The Maiden Steeplechase was remarkable on account of a Western District horse named Waterloo coming down at the last f-3iice (about three furlongs and a half from home) when running second, with Trumpet er close up third, and his jockey remount ing instanter and actually beating Trump eter (who got over all right) for second money after all. It was the most mar vellous piece of horsemanship on the part of Neylon ever I witnessed in my life, and the tremendous plaudits he received on returning to scale were something to be proud of for a lifetime. Then came the Grand National Hurdle Race, a three- mile burst over the little sticks, for which thir teen out of the fourteen colored on the card put in an appearance. This time the weight of Sydney coin told its tale, theOorn stalks backing Satyr as if the race were all over bar shouting. It was a remark able experience in Victoria, where wo do pride ourselves on the quality of the ani mals wo despatch over obstacles, to find a Sydney nag ruling the roost, even in face of AJec Taylor's distinct avowal that Bus aco (the pride of Ballarat) ' was never fit ter in his life,' and sure to run a great race. Still Satyr was going so thundering well in the last Gnand Hurdle Race up to the time he fell (over another horse) at the last hurdle, that the majority gave evi dence to Paddy Nolan's averment that night that he was certain to have beaten Eedleap but for the mishap, and as he was supposed to have quite recovered any ill effects of the stumble it was perhaps small cause for wonderment after all that with Redleapoutof the road (he was scratch ed for all G. N. engagements a week ago), Qafm oli/iiiM Yta lnnlriui nmn aa nnrf lu-af. MH-1'¥& «»M*W«« *«*W ?»*V«»V*» »»£rww w»iw »*w»«/ www. From the time the weight* appeared though Tim Swiveller was voted as a very promising candidate, and as soon as it was known that the stable were backing him, the pub lic followed suit, until at last he was ooupled in doubles with everything having a ghost of a show in the Grand National Steeple chase, besides being heavily backed straight out. Of the outside division, Wellington, The PJoneer, and Kapo received most sup port, the Mends of Joe Cripps' stable being very sweet on Wellington s chance, whilst believers in Andy Ferguson and Bob Batty were confident that each of them would show a bold front towards the finish of the event. The Pioneer had won a hurdle race at Caulfield since the declaration of the weights, and of course (under the new order of things) came under Mr. F. F. Dakin again for a re-handicap, that gentle man considering that he had blundered in the first instance to the extent of 81b., and allotting him lOst. 101b. instead of lOst. 21b. Even with that, now it is all over, it is a certainty, the Pioneer would have won but for landing fiat on top of one of the hurdles, as he finished within two lengths and a half of Tim Swiveller even after the disability. Satyr came down at the same obstacle as last year ; but he seemed to be about done at the time. Tim Swiveller won comfortably enough at the finish, and is evidently a very brilliant horse and grand stayer. Last April and May he was greatly fancied (by the general public) for the Adelaide Cup and Birthday Cup, in which he was imposted at 7.12 and 7.10 respectively, and ran nowhere. His inglorious exhibition was the cause of some comment at the time, and even hist Saturday 'Terlinga' (of the Australasian) in writing about Tim Swiveller, remarked — 'That bad form in Adelaide wants a deal of explaining.' But then there must be some mistake over that matter, fo? Tim Swiveller's owner is Mr. George Davis, M.L.C., and as you are doubtless aware, M.'sL.C. are like ' Brutus and the rest'— all Honorable men. Perhaps the real truth of the matter is that Tim Swiveller is a bit of an M.L.C. too in his own way— you know— Musn't Leave the Country. Wheth er or no the six-year-old brother to Com edian (by Swiveller— Burlesque), got into the Caulfield Cup at 7st. 5lb. aud the Mel bourne Cup at 7.1 after tho performance, not at all a bad weight for an animal con sidered good enough to be nominated for the Champion Stakes next year. J. E. Brewer, who piloted Tim Swiveller to vic tory, was at one time our crack amateur cross-country rider, but some time ago joined the professional ranks. He is a Thorough Artist, and although he has been ' carpetted' on several occasions, has always had the luck to escape scatheless. Only a few weeks back he was baled up before the V.A.T.C. stewards over the ' eccentricity' of his tiding in keeping a mare named Rushlight II so far back during the earlier portion of a race that when she did come she had no earthly chance of finishing closer than Becond ; but a finding that his riding was ' very unsatisfactory' was tho lame and impotent conclusion arrived at. As I pointed out at the time, this decision was evidently come to in the full and certain knowledge that Brewer's riding would be ' eminently satisfactory' in the immediate future. And so the sequel has proved. The Winter Handicap, of a mile and a quarter, Baw another field of 13 (' tho devil's number') line up in front of Mr. George Watson ; Cooya (8.3) being a warm favorite, although John S., JEgyptus, Graduate, Carrington, Pigeon toe and Quality were all supported. Car rington (by Gang Forward— Josephine)* originally owned by Mr. Sylvester Browne* was very leniently treated with 7st., and as there weren't too many on the job he ma naged to get home half a length in front of the favorite, with Quality (8.2) only a neck away, third. A horse named Pigeon toe started for that event, and led for some distance. I didn't back him last Saturday, | but I will next. Of those who finished, the placed horses, Ducrow (8.5), The Rebel (8.6), John S. (8.2), Graduate (8.13) and Moscow (0.11) will repay watching. Retreat, being wrongly nominated as a six-year-old instead of a five for the Mel bourne Cup, has been withdrawn there from, albeit by the rules be could have got over the uusaavertence by paying a small fine, provided the handicapi-er declared that the mistake did not influence him in allotting bis original weight. The same mistake was made in Retreat's nomination for the Caulfield Clip, but he still remains therein, his nominator, Mr. M. Carmody (who trained Glenloth last year) having made everything right and proper. Retreat has 7st. 1011). in the Caulfield Cup, and had (Sib. loss in the two-mile event. There has been very little doing in the betting market (save in the way of doubles) over the Caulfield Cup,,, Victoria Derby or Melbourne Cup, albeit Jeweller and Malolo have both been nibbled at for the Caulfield Cup at 100 to 4. Jeweller is a three-year old colt (rising 4) by oplendour and Sou venir, and, besides a very creditable record previously this season, won the Flying Handicap, of six furlongs, at Warwick Farm on Saturday last with ridiculous ease, beating 22 others. At present 100 to 4 is to be obtained abouteither Paris.Sundial, Bev erly or Sanfoin for the Caulfield Cup. Yes terday JB1.000 to £40 was accepted about Jeweller, and £500 to -£20 about Malolo. The double — Derby and Cup — commands attention at .£200 to £1. About the two Cups, £1,000 to £2 is about the regular price for maney, Jeweller, Fulham, All There, Sanfoin, Malolo, Crcmorne, Moss Rose, Paris, Linburn, Bcverley, and Sun dial (for Caulfield), being coupled with Strathmore, Stemchaser, Vakeel, Oxide, Malvolio, Swordbearer, and Portsea for the Melbourne Cup. Football. Except between the two leading clubs — Melbourne and Eesendon — there is but little interest exhibited in the contests for the premiership this season, Geelong's knock-out on Saturday virtually reducing the tussle to a test question between the Red and Blue and Scarlet and Black. Carlton are completely disorganised, both the captain (Danny Hutchison) and vice captain (Charley Coulson) having resigned last week. At present Essendon and Mel bourne are a 'toi,' 8 points ahead of South Melbourne (third), and ten of Gee long (fourth). 