DISTRICT NEWS. -4--C (vRo0f OUR VARIOUS CORRESPONDENTS.) NEW LAMIBTON. SUNDAY- SCOOL ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary services in connec tion with tihe Primitivo Methodist Sunday-school were continued on Monday, when a public tea and meet ing was held in thle church. A largo number attended tlhe tea, and did full justice to the sandwiches, cakes, and tea provided by Mr. M. Baker, of Lambton. The church at night was crowded to exocess with a highly ap preciative audienc6. Mr. WV. Thornton, of Lambton, presided, and, assisted by the Rev. R. Mowbray, succeoded in conducting the meeting to a satis factory conclusion. Mr. J. Christian, the superintendent, was unfortunately unable to be present, and the Rev. 1R. Mowbray, on his behalf, reported that notwithstanding the low state of the funds the school had been fairly successful throughout the year. There were about 100 children on the roll, with two male and several female teachers. On be half of these a hearty invitation was extended to the friends to render them assistance by increasing the staff of teachers. The collections on the Sun day amounted to £3 12s, and Mrs. N. Melville had, in forwarding a letter of apology for non-attendance, enclosed £1 is. The programme of singing and recitfung conthined some excellent items, which were duly appreciated in turn. Great credit is due to Mr. J. Lightfoot, the conductor, for his able management of the sing ing, in which Mr. G. Richards, as organist, rendered valuable assistance, and the reciting reflected equal credit upon the children, suporintendent, and teachers concerned. Following are the items:-Hymn, "The Kingdom over yonder," by the choir; solo and chorus, "The Beautiful Land," by Miss A. M. Dent and choir; solo and chorus, " Johovah Reigns," by Miss Ada Knight and choir; solo and anthem, "Jehovah Reigneth," by Mr. J. Hann and choir; solo and quartette, "The Sinner and the Song," by Mr. R. Cox and party; solo and chorus, "The Heavenly Land," by Mr. M. Heslop and choir; solo and chorus, "Only a Cap of Water," by Miss H. Beacham and choir; duet and parts, " Be Near Us," by Misses E. Christian, H. Gray, and A. M. Dent and others; hymn, "Lot us hear you tell it," by the choir; recitations: Francis Robinson, "The Poor Widow ;" Florrio Shipp, "The Good Shepherd;" Sarah. Hall, "The Mother's Lament;" John W. Gray, "Farewell to Edith;" Maggie Robinsou, "A little bird's song;" Olivia Christian, "Thanks ;" Ella Thomas, "Birds in Winter;" Bellah Rickson, "Gather the Roses;" Lily M. Davies, "Cure for Bunibns;" Edward Owen, "Little Minnie's Gona to Sleep;" Mary A. Rogers, "We are Seven;" Ethel Christian, "Youth ful Notions;" Clara Thomas, "Little Dot;" Eliza Waring, "The Faken ham Ghost;" Nellie VWhiloy, "Selfish WVillie Green;" Misses J. Craig, E. Craig, M. Sharp, M. A. Lughton, and A Wilson, dialogue, "The Lunatic Asylum;" Robert Davies, "Reflec tions on Good Friday;" Mary A. Burt, "Little Lucy;" Lily May Davies, collection piece, "Dark Days.". The whole concluded with hearty votes of thanks to all concerned, which terminated a series of most successful services. 