ORIGINAL POETRY. HOME MEMORIES. Bow oft when dies the fleeting day In silent paths we pensive stray, On bygone scenes delight to dwell, And breathe again their broken spell. Old haunts where ghosts ot raem'ry keep Fond vigil and lost joys still sleep ; Old faces glowing in the light Of love, that Time can never blight Old memories, fair as fairest flow'rs, Coy birds that sing in lonely bow'rs. The shadows ot the years o'erspread, Life's jocund morn, when blithesome sped The ruddy, laughing hours away. And fiU'd the air with melody. The past grown Old fades to a dream, The murmur of a distant stream ; The present walks in other guise, And weeps o'er many eever*d ties. Dear memories past to present bind, And round the heart their tendrils wind. The flowing robes Of beauty soil, And strength runs out in life's dull toil; The playmates of the long ago May now.wear winter's crown of snow ; Across the matin song's glad notes The solenin chant of requiem floats; Ths brightness of the noonday wanes. But Houte, theold-tinie Home, remains. -Pals memories, peerinsr through the years, With wistful eyes and smiles and tears. We hear again a mother's call, A father's footstep in the hall; We sing the merry roundelay, And in the meadows scent the hay ; The cowslips gather in the dell, Th'e shy primrose, the sweet bluebell; Or wander in the sylvan glade. Where youth's first debt to love was paid. Bright memories still their fragrance shed, When the last beams of day have fled. We linger in embattled tow'rs. Where ivy hangs in shadowy bow'rs The hails where oft the harp was strung, And white-'hatr'd bards of battle sung; The roofless abbess rich in lore, Whose scars we fain would cover o'er: Thn Gothic church that through the night Of ages shed Fbith's argent light. Fair memories of the days of yore, The voioesof the Nevermore. The list'ning heart bounds to the beat And measur'd tread of ghostly feet, Along the oloister*d aisles where rest, In death's long sleep, our country's best, The men who won our liberties; The heroes of great victories; The singers sweet, whose music wrought A spell that all the years have caught. Proud memories ot the mighty dead, Whose graves with laurel wreaths are spread. D. FRASER LUMSDEN. 