MEETING AT MILLER'S POINT. , Messrs. Blaok and Davis, M.'sL.A., ad dressed a meeting of a couple of hundred electors at Miller's Point last night. Tho meeting was' arranged, it was alleged, by tho West Sydney Labor Electoral League. Messrs. i'ltzgerald and Kelly, the other two members for West Sydney, were not invited to address the meeting, aud received no notification of it. It was a doubtful ques tion, however, judging by the deadly cool ness of tho gathering, whether any advan tage was gained by the attempt of the two forcigu-trade members to steal a march on their colleagues. The meoting of tho West Sydney L.E.L. which invited Messrs. Blaok and Davis to addrcBS the meeting, while ignoring tho other two . members, was but meagrely attended, so that the arrangement was ap parently a hole-and-corner proceeding. Miller's Point is a favorite place for tho foreign-trade members, but it was plainly evident last night at the Lord Nelson Hotel that the workers who were present were anything but enthusiastic. During the whole of tho speeches, although the audi ence consisted of men whose interests are supposed to be bound up in tho cause of foreign-trade, there was scarcely to be heard a solitary "hoar, hear," or one word of approval of tho speakers. There was a chilling sileneo that was worse than noisy opposition. It was clcur that the audieneo was not tho audience that wanted to shriek for a dissolution or rush to the country while legislation was pending. Mr. Black made a very cautious address from noies. He biw that the meeting was rather cool, that it had been thinking over recent events, and that it would not do to soar too high. So he advised the workors not to be disheartened and to cheer up; that there was a good time coming, and that ulthough they (he and his colleague) had not done anything in the way of legislation, they had voted for a dissolution. This, of course, would play havoa with all the demo cratic measures now before Parliament, but Mr. Bi'uck didn't say so. He pointed out that the labor party bad had one good effect — Parkes had adopted in his recent censure motion a lot of radical planks. Mr. Black said he wasn't quite sure as to the sincerity of Parkes, but that didn't matter. Sqmo- one interjected something about tho "clear ing of the galleries," and Mr. Black said that was what might have b,een expected from Mr. Criok, who had prosecuted John Ferguson for criminal libel. Mr. Black then got im.o rather deep water by a reference to tho alleged libellous state ment in Ferguson's paper. Someone asked him whore Messrs. Fitzgerald and Kelly wore, and in reply Mr. Blaok— who was careful to emphasise the necessity for unity in tho labor party, and Id say also that he had never spoken harshly of thoso colleagues — said ho supposed those two members were better engaged. He didn't tsll tho audience that Messrs. Fitzgorald and Kelly had been ignored, and that the meeting was a one-sided affair got up by the Opposition partisans who manage the Labor Elec toral Leaguo in \\\ est Sydney. The speaker wound up by an appeal for sup port of labor members at the next election and a chunk of recent verse by George R. Sims in the Cockney dialect, which raised the ghost of a show of appreciation. He introduced his colleague as rue "Lord High Admiral." Mr. Davis, the " Lord High Admiral," who followed; explained that they hadn't done anything in tho Assembly because tho Upper Houso always muiilated'thu measures seut up to them. He would there fore abolish tho Upper House. Then he thought they wanted a disso- explain how the Upper House was to bo abolished by a dissolution of the Lower. He went on to explain how it was that he had stated one morning recently he would vote with the Government, while tho same day he turned round and said he would vote with the Opposition. In the morning he thought ho would vote with the Govern ment and thus help the Electoral Bill, but in the evening he decided to think again, and tho result was that his conscience wouldn't allow him to vote with the Government beoauso threo months before he bad voted against them on tho Broken Hill strike. Ho would there fore always vote " agin the Government," because Sir George Dibbs was at one time a director of the A.S.N. Co, when it had a strike on its hands. Mr. J. C. Watson also addressed tho meeting, and advised them to unite and organise. Mr. Sam StllTn, of the Labor Electoral League, which is supposed to bave "sunk the fiscal question," denounced, the Protec tionist Government for having put "a chain across the 'arbor." He also advised them to agitato for " a deasolutiou." He called for a show of hands of thoso in favor of "a dessolution," and only about 20 bands wore hold up. The rest of the meeting didn't seem to care a dump one way or the other. Anyhow, they didn't voto. 