HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, July 25. The mm shone through the windows of the Assembly Chamber on Tuesday after noon when the Speaker took the chair, but this did not have much influence in brightening the proceedings, while at time3, and especially when the Supply Bill was under discussion, there seemed to be a considerable amount of darkness in the brains of honorable members. Ministers were all early in their places, as was also Sir John Ttnnmfir *MV r^rainfror TVfr AffnnlA find TVTr Solomon, too, who all appear anxious to be considered leaders of the Opposition, were punctual in their attendance and most active in their criticisms during the afternoon. The general public did not take muoh interest in the doings of the House, although the 'ghosts of deceased jurymen' again gathered in the space above the clock, whde there were a few visitors in the Speaker's galleries. .The first question wab^ut by Mr. Grainger, and it bad reference to the cable in The Advertiser Btating that the Australian Auxiliary Squad ron wa9 likely to be detached for service in Siam. He wished to know if the Premier bad heard anything officially about the matter. Mr. Kingston answered in the negative, and playfully pointed out that the information came through America. This roused the Republican soul of the gentleman who com bines in his own proper person the important functions of Government Whip and member for the United States, and he asked whether the message did not originally come from London. 'Oh, well,' said the Premier, 'it bad something American about it.' Mr. Brooker elicited that last financial year the deficiency on the Estimates was £179,431, while the excesses on votes were £21,770, so that the total leeway was £201,200. The Trea surer coined a new word when he told Mr. Caldwell that there was a high 'prohibit- ative' duty on fruit ; bat Mr. Gillen kept to the conventional path when, being asked an awkward question concerning the Mining Bill, be required Mr. Grainger to give notice. Before the business of the day was called on Mr. MoPherson rose to make a personal explanation in respect to the bond entered into for the due completion of the contract entered into with the railway department by Messrs. Douglas and Gatley. Mr. Solomon called the attention of the Speaker to the fact that he had a question on the notice paper relating to the came subject, bub it was ruled that Mr. McPherson might proceed unless somebody objected, and as no one took this extreme course the member for East Adelaide con tinned that he had consulted the Railway Com missioners before signing the bond, and that he was informed that he was doing nothing that had not been done before, that he was asking no favor, and putting himself under no obliga tion. He was also assured that the tenderers were receiving no undue advantage. All these statements were punctuated with cheers. Sir John Downer accepted the assurance that Mr. McPherson had acted in good faith, and with no desire to do harm or to create a precedent, while he was sure the House was of the same opinion. Here there was affirmative applause. Still he thought all would agree that such a course should not be taken again. Later on, in replying to a question on the notice-paper the Commissioner of Publics Works said in deciding thab no bonds should be accepted in the future the Government had reversed the previous practice. Mr. Archibald gave notice that he will ask to-day whether the Hon. J. L. Stirling and the Hon A. M. Simpson have nob in the past been aocepted as bondsmen for the due performance of certain contracts. Before the Supply Bill was reached Mr. Poynton oomplained that his name bad been omitted from the division-list on the seoond reading of the Butter Bonus Bill last Thursday, although be was present and voted with the ' Ayea.* The Speaker informed the House that thejnatne was given in 'Votes and Proceedings, ' but this statement proved to be inaccurate. The clerk of the House informs nathat 'MrPoynton's name did not appear in the official 4ist reported by the tellers on the second reading! of the Butter Bmius Bill on Thursday last' It appears that Dr. Cockburn did not notice the member for Flinders, who was hidden behind a pillar, and as tho counting was done very hurriedly because of the nearness to the adjournment hour, bis name was left ont altogether. How ever, Mr. Poynton has now secured greater attention to the side be took on the matter re ferred to than if the omission bad not occurred. Before the House adjourned the Speaker, who is always studiously fair, explained that Mr. Poyoton's name did not appear on the official list of the division, and that the 'Hansard' reporters were not to blame. The omission was inadvertent, he eaid, and he would see that it was rectified. By message the Legislative Council announced its agreement with the Bill tm '»eing light dues in the Northern Territory, 'bich has thus the distinction of being the ^rat measure to get safely through the four teenth Parliament. Just before half-past 2 Mr. Playford stepped out into the open Fpace at the end of she Ministerial benoh in order, to nave freer pcope to move the second reading of the Supply Bill for £400,000 forthequ»r*erendinginSeptember. It was tho intention of the Government, be eaid, in their reductions to treat officers on the pro. and tem. staff and thoee on tbe fixed list exactly alike. They are not on the mme footing,' eaid Mr. Handyside, die teply being ' They are all on *oe*ame footing a* eerranteof thepublic.' Mr. Playford went on to Bay that there were only 6S1 officers on the fixed list, while more thaa 8,000 were on tbe pro. and tem. staff. 'You are making a bad excuse,' commented Mr. Handy* eide; 'It is absolute repudiation/1 added Mr. Solomon ; and ' You are doubly reducing them by taking away their increases,' con tinued Mr. Castine. 'We are doing nothing of the sort,' eaid Mr. Playford, answering the last interjeobion only, and he continued that to-morrow he will bring down a Bill dealing with the whole question, so that tbe Legislative Council may deal with it. The whole savings on the Estimates of the Downir Government were £75,000, to which £20,000 had been added, including £15,000 for main roads. Tbe reduction in Civil Service salaries and increases will amount to £12,000, while allowance to the extent of £1,500 will also be cub off. Mr. Solomon, although dis avowing any desire to embarrass the Govern ment, objected that the stoppage of inoreases would seriously affect men with email salaries. Mr. Grainger protested against the introduction of debateable matters of prin ciple into a Supply Bill, as the House should be untrammelled in its consideration. Mr. Ash and Mr. Caldwell took substantially the same view, while Mr. Poynton also confessed that he did nob under stand what the Government were attempting to do. The Premier eaid evidently a number of members were in the dark, and he was quite willing to explain for the benefit of those who desire enlightenment. The salaries could not be paid without a Supply Bill, and the Go vernment did not wieh Civil servants to draw more thin the amount to which it was pro posed to reduce them till the House had decided on the suggested retrenchments. A Bill relating to public salaries would be intro duced on Thursday. 'Why nob introduce it firefr' asked Mr. Castine, the reply being that it would be broughb down at the earlieet possible date, bub the clause in tbe Supply Bill would avoid the necessity of asking Civil servants for a recoup. Mr. McPherson asked whether exemption from the Io«s of increases would be made in the case of officers getting lees than £150 a year, and the Treasurer answered in the negative. Mr. Moule objected to the action of the Govern ment, but ;Mr. Burgoyne, although agreeing thab ' an extreme and unwarrantable course' was being taken, promised to vote for the second reading. Mr. Homburg said in com mittee he would seek to amend the Bill so as to make ib apply to all public salaries, and after Messrs. Butler and McDonald had spoken, the second reading was carried, after a debate which had lasted for eighty minutes. In committee the first clause which deals with the 'issue and application of £400,000' was passed without comment, but the second clause, the side line of which is ''Pay ments nob to exceed lasb year's Estimates/' caustd a lot of talk. After a few minutes' discussion Mr. Aeh moved to inserb 'except so far as such rates are modified by the Civil Service Act of 1874.' At times the debate grew very warm. For instance, Mr. Downer pointed ont thab in 1886 the Atbomey. General and the Treasurer bad adopted a dif ferent course to that of today, and said he didn't know how long it took them to change their minds. ' There are a good many things you don't know,' said the Attorney-General nignificantly. Just afterwards Mr. Moule accused tbe Treasurer of losing his temper, while Mr. Grainger severely blamed the Go vernment for taking such an extraordinary course to save a paltry £230. The Premier considered that it would be unfair to reduce one class of officers while others were receiving increase?, while in reply to a question from Mr. Hague, he said he hoped the Civil servants would be restored to their normal position next year. 'They won't, though,' eaid Mr. Moule ; while another member aeked, 'Suppose you can't do it.' ' Then we won't,' was the decisive reply. Then, turning on Mr. Downer, the head of the Government went on to say thab from the height of immaculateness eome members looked down upon any alterations of opinion on the part of others, still it so happened that in 1886 Mr. Downer had taken an exactly opposite course to that adopted by him that day. 'People in glass houses,' said Mr. Castine, 'should nob throw stones.' ' Then you had better get rid of your little catapult,' was the retort of the Premier ; and the member for Wooroora re minded Mr. Kingston that David had slain Goliath with the instrument named, and that he was ready, as the little David of tbe last Ministry, to have a sbob at the Goliath now in office if circumstances rendered it necessary. Laughter and cheers greeted this announce ment. Mr. Castine went on to charge the Government with inconsistency. He eaid when the Premier came down with a blooming rose in his buttonhole to announce the policy he promised that Civil servants receiving less than £150 should not be touched, and yet now he proposed to take away their increases. Mr. Burgoyne hereupon moved as an amendment that the clause should not affect salaries now under £120 a year. Mr. Grainger asked that the amendment should be wibhdrawn, and offered to assist in suspending the standing orders and to sit all night if tbe government would at once bring in the Bill they had promised deal ing with the whole question. Just about here a bob wind arose. Mr. Kingston made a plea that the deductions should be authorised at the outset in the Supply Bill, and Mr. Moule protested on behalf of the Legislative Council against an alteration of policy being included in such a measure. He began, ' I do not do so from party issues ;' but was interrupted by a very loud 'Ahem !' and Mr. McPhersoneaid 'You don'b mean that.' To this Mr. Moule answered loftily thab when the honorable member for Eact Adelaide had beep a little longer in the House he would recognise that a matter of principle was involved in a debate of this kind. Mr. McPhereon laughed scornfully and Mr. Archibald said ' You are only wasting time.' This produced tbe retort thab unless a matter affected Port Adelaide it bad no interest for that member, and Mr. Moule then proceeded to repeat his former arguments. ' We have beard all that before,' expostulated Mr. McPhereon, and the reply was — 'Then yon had better hear it again, as you don'b understand ib.' 'We are nob so dense as eome members,' protested Mr. McPherson. ' Bab you show it more,' said Mr. Moule. Here Mr. Price lost his patience, and in stentorian voice called out from the other side of the chamber, ' Don't waste time ; tbe country is eick of this sorb of thing.' Everyone turned round to look at the loud inberjector, and the Chairman mildly inter posed with aery of 'Order!' while Mr. Jenkins whispered a few words of good tempered warning, although the sense of the committee was entirely with the member for Sturb. ' Why don't you divide and have done with it?' asked another labor member; and Mr. Moule replied, 'Ib is necessary to let some members know what they are voting about.' 'We shall nob learn much by you,' asserted Mr. Archibald, and there was considerable laughter, which was fanned into a roar when Mr. Grainger, on whose side Mr. Moule had been fighting, ungratefully gob up to express the opinion thab thab member was doing much to injure the cause he was advocating. Mr. Archibald, with the fervor of a genuine reformer, expressed astonishment thab the older members of the House did not ehow a better example to the new men. ' Why not say you don't believe the Government, if you won't accept their assurances V he said indignantly. Sir. Ash mildly suggested that it was possible to disagree with the Government without imputing un truth to them. He warned the Premier ib was dangerous to tack the obnoxious clause to the Supply Bill, and said that if there was any waste of time the Govern ment were responsible for it. Mr. Butler jumped up and moved bhat ' the committee do now divide,' bub Mr. Ash, who was con sulting a paper, turned and said quietly — ' You can't while I am on my legs.' Mr. Grainger objected to Mr. Archibald setting himself on a higher pedestal than bis fellow members and giving them lectures on propriety. It was in bis power to move that a division be taken. There had not been any stonewalling that afternoon, he said. Stonewalling consisted in making long speeches of nine hours' duration. Here the glances of members concentrated on Mr. Castine, who smiled proudly. After Sir * John Downer, in the interest of consistency, had supported the action of the Government, Mr. Burgoyne's amendment was put and lost with out a division, but Mr. Ash compelled mem bers to take sides on his amendment. The result was thab 36 voted against him, while Messrs. Burgoyne, Castine, Oaldwell, H. R Downer, Griffiths, Grainger, Hague, Moule, Riddocb, and Solomon crossed the floor with him. Then the clause passed. When clause 3 was reached Mr. Homburg moved to make the reductions apply to all public salaries, but both Mr. Grainger and the Premier protested against any interference with the judges, urging Mr. Homburg to with draw the amendment. ' Let us stick to the well-trodden path and not attempt to travel over an invisible traok through a jungle of wrongnees which has only been traversed twice. Leb us vote against the clause al together,' ad vised Mr. Ash. Mr. Homburg failed to see why any distino tion should be made because a few headstrong gentlemen desired to be exempt, while others buhtnitted voluntarily to the retrenchment. 'Would you reduce the Governor's salary?' was asked. 'Certainly,' was the reply, 'for his Excellency the Governor had told the late Premier that if there was to be a general reduction of salaries he did not wish to stand out.' 'He is going awav,' was the dis courteous interjection of Mr. Grainger, to which Mr. Homburg replied, ' Not to-morrow or the next day,' while he continued that if no others objected he hoped that the judges would nob be allowed to exercioe discretion in the matter. 'Oh, tbe Civil servants seem to regard the Bill as a boon.' eaid Mr. Ash, sarcastically, although he was inclined to the belief that ib was a case of ' Don't snoot, I'll come down.' The amendment was lost on the voices, Mr. Hom burar alone calling 'aye.' Mr. Grainger then moved to strike out the minimum exemption '£150' but, forcing a divieioD, be was beaten by 37 votes to 10, his companions being Sir J. W. Downer, Messrs. Ash, Castine, Cald well, H. E. Downer, Gilbert, McLaoblan, RandeL, and Short. There was not com munity of thought among the ten, how ever, for whereas Mr. Grainger wished to increase the amount to £200, Sir John Downer desired to decrease it to £100. Mr. Castine thought a 10 per cent, reduction on salaries above £600 was nob sufficient, and moved to substitute 15 per cent. 'Make it 20,' suegested Mr. Wood, and 'I wouldn't object to thab,' eaid the member for Wooroora. Later on, in severe rebuke of a flippant remark from that gentleman, he asked thab the Government whip would en deavor to follow his argument. 'I do try,' said Mr. Jenkins plaintively, 'but it is very difficult sometimes.' Being beaten Mr. Castine called for a division, bub withdrew the demand at tbe request of the Premier. Mr. Ash, however, was nob so amenable to persuasion and, pressing his opposi tion to the clause, was defeated by 34 votes to 10. The same member then resuscitated a previous point that the enacting clause of a Bill should be put as the preamble, and despite a protest from Mr. Homburg ib was decided by the chairman that thiB Bhould be done in future. On the title being put Mr. Moule objected thab ib did nob agree with the clauses, but the chairman ex pressed himself as being satisfied in the matter, and the Bill having been reported the same objeotion was raised for the decision of the Speaker, who ruled that the Bill was per fectly regular. Tbe standing orders were then suspended, maugre a protesb from Mr. Ash, and the third reading being carried the measure went along to the Council. Ib was now nearly a quarter-past 6, bub the consideration of the Butter Bonus Bill was resumed in committee, and the first clause was carried. At clause 2, however, Mr. Castine was on his feet with a complaint against the alteration made in the measure, and he sub eoribed to a confession of faith to the effect that be would sooner see the Bill wrecked than passed in its present form. He talked the committee perilously near the adjournment hour, having apparently lost sight of tbe fact that he has the privilege of speaking as often as he could catch the Chairman's eye on each olause. He was prepared to Bit late, he said, and 'So_ are we,' came heartily from a large section of tbe members, but the loyal desire for work was not gratified, and progress was reported at 6 25 p.m. In reply to a question from Mr. Moule ib was stated thab the Butter Bonus and Land Values Assessment Bills will be dealt with before the second reading of the Crown Lands Bill is moved, while presumably the Public Salaries Bill will also have precedence of it. Before the House rose the following motions, both in the name of Mr. Grainger, were agreed to : — 'That an address be presented to his Exoel lency the Governor praying his Excellency to forward to this House a copy of all letters ad dreesed to the Imperial authorities in connec tion with the appointment of the Chief Justice as Lieutenant Governor,' and 'Thab there be laid upon tbe table of this House a copy of all correspondence between the Government and Mr. Justice Bundey in connection with the appointment of the Chief Justice as acting- Governor.' At 6.2G p.m. the House adjourned till next day. 