. gjtotes and (ffommcnia. DUEING the term from July 1,1892, to March 31, 1893, upwards of 40,633 tons of sugar were exported from Queensland. THE total amount collected in London in aid of the Queensland Flood Relief l<°und is £9000. THE "West Australian Government lias £45,000 deposited with tlu> Commercial liank. THUS far only £8500 have been subscribed in Sydney to the New South Wales Flood Relief Fund, including £1000 returned from Brisbane. THE stakes in the recent A.J.C. Meeting totalled £15,000. Mr. S. Hordern, the largest winner, totalled £2793 ; Mitchell, £1987; J. H. Clark, £1954-. THE Mayor of Melbourne has re mitted a further sum of £500 to the Central Committee of the Queensland Kelief Fund, which will make a total of £5500 sent by the Melbourne Committee. UP at Blackall the other Sunday morning, while the parson was engaged iu studying up his sermon, the organist ap peared upon the scene and asked what he should play. " I don't know," said the min ister, absent-mindedly; " what kind of a hand have you got ?" THE most successful sires at the late A.J.C. autumn meeting wen: Trenton, ?whose progeny scored four wins; Glorious, three; Chester and Arcliie, two. The repre sentatives of Trenton were Sprig o' Myrtle, Light Artillery and Deleware, while Crcmornc gained all the honors for Glorious. " Music " writes to us pointing out that after all lias been said and done, the musical instruments of the heathen and our selves are closely allied. Wc quite agree with him. For instance the heathen Chinee has a musical instrument called a tom- tom, while at liome we have a tom-cat. THE following are the amounts of March rents received at the Brisbane Lands Office to date, while the sums demanded are given in parentheses:—Goondiwindi, £1007 7s. 2d. (1392 8s.); Inglewood, £367 13s. (£587 2s. 11d.); Stanthorpe, £392 3s. 11d. (£527 10s. 1d.); Warwick, £1356 18s. 9d. (£1789 7s. 1d). DOWN south a good idea has been promulgated for getting some satisfaction out of the Government for having reduced the amount of endowment to Municipal Councils. The proposition originated in Ipswich, and the Council there were of opinion, 6ccing that the endowment had been so much reduced, that all the town Councils in the colony should agitate for all Government buildings being rated, in whatever town they were, the same as other properties. ONE of the diggers on Sandy Creek, near Clermont, was on Inst Thursday night stung on the neck by what, is supposed"to have been a black spider (says the Tvld/i-itui). The man suffered intense agony ; so iil indeed was lie that it was found necessary to call in I)r. Kent, who applied the usual remedies, anil remained with the man until he was quite out of danger. He had almost recovered next day, but still complained ol" f»eliiig sleepy. As everybody has been talking about tlie cold of the past few days, they will not be surprised to learn (says the "Armidale Chronicle) that in one part of New England snow fell for hours on Easter Sunday night and Easter Monday morning. Mr. M. J. Walsh, of Nian gala, reports that at Tir, some distance from Niangala, snow commenced to fall at 8 o'clock on Sunday evening, and continued falling till about 4 o'clock on Monday morning, by which time the ground was completely covered. The glass fell to 18deg. in Armidale on Sunday night. SEVERAL instances of extreme long evity in horses have recently been given, but the following is unusual:-After the war with France in the early part of this century, among a number of thoroughbred English horses sent to the Hanoverian cavalry was one which had served in the Third Regiment of Dragoons since 1793\. In 1816 it was transferred to the Hussars of the Guard, in which regiment it remained until 1847, when it was made a pensioner, dying in 1850, aged 60. THE Victorian Ministry are sitting up nights and planning and studying how to increase the revenue. They never seem to think of reducing their salaries or employing a less expensive Governor; but one of the latest ideas is to make a charge for educating the rising generation over a certain age,-in fact, Mr. Campbell, Minister for Public Instruction, is proposing that a fee of Is. per week should 1)0 cliargea for all children over 13 years of age attending the State schools, and is desirous Of obtaining the opinion of his colleagues on > the proposal. From the last report of the Education Department it appears that there were402)000 scholars over that age on the rolls, or about a sixth of the total number attending the schools, so that presuming they all paid the fee, and allowing for holidays, a revenue of oviftr £100,000 would be obtained if the pro posal Was adopted. 'Don't they wish they may get it! It looks very well on paper, but how many children over 13 would pay the shilling per week P> - THE rate of Government endowment to tho lilaekall Municipality is reduced to 8s. 3d. in the £ (says the Independent). The. total amount of endowment for the current year will only amount to a little over £71, leaving a balance of about £236 to be raised by the Municipality to meet tho annual payment for interest and redemption of loan. Besides this amount there is a large sum to be provided for arrears of payments to Government. This is the position which has to be faced, and it is to be hoped that the ratepayers will take a more active interest in Municipal matters. THE Western Australian revenue returns for the quarter ended March 31, show that the revenue was £139,330, or £4-46 less than the receipts during the corresponding period last year. Customs, postage, telegrams, and railways showed a decrease. In order to reach the Treasurer's estimates for the first six months of this year, the revenue for the cur rent quarter will have to amount to £181,087, or £54,694 mure than the receipts of the second quarter in 1892. THE annual meeting of tho Bourke Pastoral and Agricultural Association was held recently. The balance sheet showed that the liabilities had been reduced from £1100 to £600 last year, whilst improvements on the ground are valued at £4000. It was decided to hold the next show on May 31 and June 1. The schedule will be of a most liberal character, including national prizes of £77. It was also decided to ask the (iovernmeut to amend tho projected bill giving authority to the Sydney Agricultural Association over its ground, so as to confer a similar privilege upon country associations in the same position. A WEJ.L-KXOVX professional had been lecturing in the North one evening upon colour-blindness, and, at the conclusion of his renin rlis, a shearer, who had evidently not ..rasped his lucid explanations, came to him and asked him if he would solve the mystery. " Certainly," said the professor. "Wot is this culler-blindness, then ?" asked the shearer, '. Well," replied the learned gentleman, hold ing up a piece of red-coloured glass, " suppos ing that when vou look at this you imagine it was green - t,h;it would be an instance." " That's culler-bliiidnr.ss, do yer say ?" replied the man. with a lank of disgust. " If ye ax me, 1 would call it blooniin' ignorance." A FIENDISH murder in Melbourne of an infant has been brought to light at the Coroner's Court. The body was discovered by a dog finding a parcel and trying to get the contents. The owner of the dog took the parcel from the animal, and found it to bo a child's body wrapped in a paper, much de composed. It was taken to the morgue. A handkerchief was tightly knotted round the throat. An examination showed that an at tempt had been made to burn the body, as part of the chest, was burned, aud tho ncck and shoulders reduced nearly to cinders. A verdict, of wilful murder was returned at the inquest. THE other week wo were poking fun about a man up Normanton way paying 2s. for a copy of the Worker, which that paper duly set forth in black and white. Since then we have heard that in llarcaldine 3d. has often been paid for it, and that the Chinamen like it. Under these circumstances it was quite possible that 2s. was paid for the paper elsewhere. [ Since the above was written, and while read ing it in the proof, we discovered that a very import ant sentence was omitted. Wc should have said that 3d. was given in Iiarcaldinc for a pound, not single copies.] Ix connection with a recent fatal glove fight, the second trial of Alex. Koss, Samuel Matthews, Adam James Willis, Fred. Diamond, Kmile Esbgonsson, Joseph Carley, David Hennessy, and Ed. Fred. Durden, at the Svdi.ny Central Criminal Court, for the man slaughter-of Alex. Stewart, at Sydney, on Dec. 18 lant, lias, like the lirst, proved abortive. The jury, after being looked up over night, re turned into court on Aiii-M 7, aud announced that there was not (lie slightest chance of their agreeing. The accused were then bound over in their own recognisances to appear for trial at the next sittings of the Sydney Central Court, and were discharged. IN replying to a deputation from the unemployed the Victorian Minister for l'ulilic Works stated that lie believed that if the Government could not soon get laud for the construction of railways that had been authorised, it would have to start relief works to keep the men and their familes from starv ing. The men engaged on these works, he said, would only get tlieir food and 5s. or 6s. a week. The deputation recei ved this statement with indignation. They said that however hard up they might be, they could not think of accepting such a wage, which was not equiva lent to a half or a third of union wages. In conclusion they intimated that they would be no party to assist employers or tho Govern ment to lower the standard rate of pay. THE Agricultural Department of New South Wales has for some time post been in communication with several leading English im|>ort firms with a view to obtaining informa tion as to the prospects of a profitable outlet for the supply of colonial fruit. Recent ad vices from Messrs. Knill and Grant, fruit brokers, London, are to the effect that apples arriving in good condition should have a good market. Oranges could be pushed with good advantage, especially if arriving during the summer months, ana lemons are wortliy of a trial. Messrs. White and Company, Covent Garden, report that fruit in consi lerable quantities from the Cape is rctdisin \ good prices. Peachcs in boxes, containing rom 16 to 20 in the box, fetch from 6s. to 12s. ; necta rines, SO to 80 ]icr box, 16s. to 31s., the last quoted being for special samples; pi ims, 100 to 150 per box, 9s. to 13s.; grapes, 20 b. in the box, 9s. I Br a revised programme o£ the movements of His Royal and Imperial High ness the Archduke Fraiiz Ferdinand of Austria, it appears that he is due in Moreton ltay about the 27th instant. The Governor has ascer tained that lie has already left Singapore for Batavia. We hope our customers will pay up promptly and expeditiously, for His Royal Highness the &c.;, &c.;, mat/ visit Barcaldine, if he hears about the bore, the perfume manu factory, the brewery (especially this, as Ger mans and Austrians arc great on long beers), and the beautiful business places in the main street, and we are sure the townspeople would not like us to appear before His Highness of Austria in common tweed when we have a nearly new dress suit in pawn. Thus our aaxiety for some of our accounts to come in. OPEBATIOXS at the Eclipse Colliery, [ Bundamba, where the unfortunate miners were buried during the recent flood in the Brisbane and Bremer rivers, are still being carried on in a most satisfactoiy maimer. The Cornish pumps, in the old tunnel, are working splendidly, and during Friday they wore shifted lower down the pit, the distance being nearly 170 yards from the boilers. The scene down below is becoming more deplorable, wreckage of every description - including pieccs of waggons, &c.-are; being daily en countered. It is expected that, about the middle of this week, if everything goes well in the meantime, tlio work will then be in close proximity to the place where the bodies of the entombed miners arc supposed to be. THE Courier gives the following explanation of the method of voting at the coining elections :-All that the elector has to remember is to mark his ballot paper in the old familiar way by striking out the names of the candidates lor whom lie does not wish to vote, and then to indicate his second choice-or the candidate he likes best of tho.se whose names have been erased-by placing opposite his name the figure 2, and opposite the name of the man who comes next in his regard the figure 3, and so on until each of the names crossed out is marked by a figure which shows the place which the owner of that uamc holds in the estimation of the voter; while the name of the candidate (or candidates if the electorate is to be represented by two members) who is his first choice stands out unmarked in any way. THE Dalby Herald of Saturday says:-Last Wednesday evening as a party, consisting of Miss Sweeney, Miss Askew, and Mr. J. Connolly (Mocattv's coiner), were re turning from the Maida Hill races in a dog-cart, a swarm of bees which had a minute or two previously made off from a hive at the back of Mr. J. Askew's house, attacked the horse in the vehicle. The unfortunate animal at once became unmanageable and bolted, rearing and plunging for some little distance. Mr. Askew, witnessing the occurrence, ran to the horse's head and held him until the frightened young ladies alighted, being stung severely mean while on face and hands. The driver, also, was attacked and viciously stung by the infuri ated insects. Eventually the bees swarmed on an adjacent fence. A VOTIIER railway yam wo have got hold of this week concerns a much respected hotel-keeper, known to most everybody as " Daddy" Lane. Ho is very tall, and "also very far round. It seems that at one time ho had occasion to be at some small station on the line on a day when a special was expected to pass, which would only stop at a few places. " Daddy" being very anxious to proceed homo telegraphed inquiring if the train would pull up at the station where he was. An answer was duly received that it would not. Down went another wire asking if the train would stop for a large party. This was answered in the affirmative, and upon the train arriving " Daddy " took a comfortable seat and waitca for the train to proceed. T/ie guard was then heard asking for the largo party that was ex pected. " Daddy" asked him if he did not think ho was large enough, which caused the official to glare and commence to swear, but the situation was too much for him, and he burst into a hearty laugh and cleared into his box. CAPTAIN J. E. MEAiiuny, of the steamer Aramac, gave the following account of an incident of his last voyage up to Cook ie vn " During a heavy rain squall accom panied with thunder, between l'ort Douglas and CL lktown, a thunder-bolt fell and struck the watei within 100 yards of the ship. 1 am aware that ti;fl idea of the existence of thunder bolts is general . Toh-pool led; but I was on the bridge myselt the time and saw the bolt 6trike the water. Ip size and general appear ance it very much resembled a man's head, and immediately it touched the water an explosion occurred. The eiii'ct of the explosion was to partially stun cverycie on deck for some minutes, and it also put the compasses out one point, the ship having to swung too to correct them. This is the first inst. nee in my experience of a ship's compasses being effected by lightning." Captain Mcaburn seemed to think that his vessel had had a very nar/tpw escape, as had the lightning struck the deck it would have undoubtedly done a great deal of damage. THE Sydney Morning Herald says that a consignment of long-woolled sheep, con sisting of 100 Border Leicester ram hoggets, 10 Romney Marsh ram hoggets, 60 stud Bonier Leicester ewes, and two Border Leicester stud rams-being among the first to be imported since the removal of the proliibition-is ex pected to be on view on Monday at the stores of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, Limited. The sheep have been purchased through this company for Mr. Fetherstonhaugh, of Goorianawa. Their im portation is of special interest in view of the impetus that has been given to the breeding of crossbred sheep in consequence of the belief that they will pro^d more profitable than the merinos for. meat export purposes as well ?s for their wool. . . IVEW South "Wales is going in for retrenchment with no unsparing hand. It is anticipated that the extra S per cent, reduction on the salaries of the civil servants, decided upon on Thursday night by the Legislative Assembly, will effect a saving of £50,000. Speaking to a deputation the following morn ing, the Minister for Works said he was satisfied from the way tilings were going that there would be such a mass of unemployed about Sydney this winter as had never been known in the history of the colony. Ui> was sorry the department could only go on with works absolutely necessary. Hut the pnople were calling for retrenchment, and ho had made arrangements for discharging over 200 on the clerical staff of the Works Department. THE usual monthly meeting of the District Hospital was held at ttlackall last week. The surgeon's report was read, show ing that 14 non-paying and two paying patients were admitted during the month. The total number of indoor patients treated during the month was 32, of whom 18 were discharged cured or relieved, one died and 13 remained in the Institution on the 1st April. 28 outdoor patients were treated. Mr. Scowen tendered iiis resignation as dispenser to the Institution, which was accepted, and the mcdical officer appointed dispenser at the same salary as that paid to Mr. Scowen. Considerable discussion followed as to the supply of drugs to the Institution, and finally it was decided that the drugs be procured from the local chemist on the same terms and conditions as heretofore. The contractor for supplying milk and butter wrote stating that 6ho was unable to supply any more milk to the Institution until the drought broke up, having had to turn out all her cows in consequence of scarcity of grass, and it was thereupon decided to cancel the tender. Accounts passed for payment amounted to £122 17s. Sd. IN reference to the proposed Cana dian-Australian mail service, Mr. Ward, who is representing Mr. James Huddart in Brisbane, had an interview with the Chief Secretary on Saturday last. The proposition is to start the line on a subsidy of £40,000, Canada finding oiie- lialf of the amount and the Australian colonies the other half. It is intended that lirisbanc should bo the first port of call for steamers arriving from Canada, and the last call for steamers going from Australia to Canada. Sydney would be the terminus, and the greatest benefit would therefore accrue to that port. It is therefore proposed that the Xew South Wales Government should contri bute £12,000 and the Queensland Government £8000. Sir Thomas M'llwraith did not enter into details regarding the suggested terms, as in view of the Tact that Parliament cannot meet till 13Mi June, no definite arrangements could be come to. It is stated in the Courier that Sir Thomas M'llwraith is in favor of subsidis ing a direct line of steamers to Vancouver as it would be likely to open up a gooil trade for some of the largest colonial productions. TIIE last Circuit Court at Wagea, X. S. Wales, was occupied nearly a whole day in hearing a case of Macauley v. The Hank of New Soutli Wales. The plaintiff is a selector, whose land adjoins Ariat Station, which is in the occupation of the Bank. It appears that a few days before Christmas the person in charge of the ruu began to burn a fire-brake or trail for the purpose of preventing the spread of fire if a bush fire occurred. Tho wind was very high, the fire broke away and was blown in the direction of plaintiff's land, and de stroyed 1300 acres of grass, 15 bags of wheat, caused a deterioration to sheep, 60 acres of wheat, and a quantity of fencing. The mana ger of Ariat Station was warned not to burn a trail by neighbors. The evidence showed that the manager of tho station was acting for the bank. The Judge passed severe strictures respecting the line of defence on tho part of the bank, which was intended to get round this point. The jury, after half an hour, re turned a verdict for plaintiff, damages £420. As a large quantity of other people's land was burnt by the same fire, it is probable that further actions will be taken against the bank. Mr. rilcher said he would appeal against tho decision. SOUTH AUSTRALIA, claims a cente narian in the person of Mrs. Mott, an old lady who is enjoying the sunset of life in the hill village of lSclmnga, 31 miles east of Adelaide. She may well bo called an Anglo-Australian, for she nas lived just 53 years in England and 50 in Australia. She was born at East Han ningfield, a village in the county of Essex, in the year 1790, and is now in her 103rd year. She was one of a family of three, of whom two died in childhood. She becamo an orphan when very young, and was brought up by the parish. Slie was sent out to service, and began a hard toiling life at the age of 10. She mar ried a farmer of Essex, and SO years ago they both came out to South Australia in the ship Rajahistau. They took up land between Macclesfield and Echunga, and with the excep tion of a short residence near Adelaide she has lived there ever since. Mrs. Mott has had nine children, eight of whom are living, the eldest daughter being over 78 years old. Two years ago the family numbered 200, including grand, great grand, and great-grcat-grand ' ohildron. The old lady is still vigorous both in mind and body, and can talk intelligently about any period of her life. MEB, .MELVILLE and Mrs. Willis, who interested themselves in promoting a women's petition to the Governor, urging tho exercise of the v'ce-regnl clemency towards Broken Hill strike prisoners, have received a communication from tiie Department of Justice' intimating that his Excellency the Lieutenant Governor had approved .of a'minute reducing (lie sentences, the ministerial recommendation being as follows" I recommend that He berle be released when he has actually served six months of his sentence, that Hewitt and PoUdnghome be released when thev havo actu ally served twelve months of then: sentences respectively, and.tliat Sloath agd Feiguson be released when they' haye actually served six teen months of their sentence? respectively. In each ease the recommendation is made sub ject to the condition that the prisoners' conduct m the meantime continues good." The Min ister in his minute, however, takes exception to the statement in the petition that the pri soners did not wilfully or designedly " bring themselves into conflict with the law of the land,-' was unhappily notborneout by the facts. On the contrary, the Minister points out, it is only too clear that their course was shaped with the full knowledge, many times publicly expressed by themselves, that they were in curring a liability to criminal prosecution, and probably to long terms of imprisonment. This, no doubt, was a feature of the offence which had weight with his Honor in determining sentences. WE. were told the following yarn the other day, and although we cannot guar antee it to be a fact, it is worth reproducing. A fussy old gentleman boarded the mail train at Kockliampton, just before it left for the West, and calling the guard requested him to be sure to call him at a certain station between Emerald and the city. After being a few hours on the journey the passenger commenced to put his head out of the window at every stop ping place, and asked the guard if that was the station he wanted, and upon being informed that it was not, regularly requested the official to be sure and not forget him. At last the gentleman was overcome by sleep, and much to the relief of the guard lie was not bothered as usual for some time. But this was unfortu nate, as when the station asked for was reached the guard clean forgot all about his trouble some passenger and started the train on its journey again. After proceeding a couple of miles or so fugitive memory returned, and it was the work of a few minutes to pull up the train and return to the station. The guard at once called the old gentleman, making a great displaj-of being late, &c.;, and briskly asked him to hurry up and let the train proceed. The passenger thanked the guard for his trouble, but said he never mentioned lie wanted to alight at that station. He merely wanted to know when the train had reached that far on its journey, because he had strict injunctions when leaving home to take a pill at that spot. The guard suddenly disappeared, there was a sound of a door being angrily slammed, and the language heard would be best described be getting a yard of used tape from a telegraph office and substituting these !'.! for the dots between the dashes. Tub Clermont paper is trying to institute a change from the usual snake yarns dished up by the enterprising journalist dur ing the slack season, and is going in for ghost stories. The following is the latest effort of the Peak Downs man:-It will be remembered that some months ago a Chinaman committed suicide by hanging himself at the rear of a shop occupied by one Shing Long, fruit vendor, Druinmond-street. Since committingthe tragic deed the Chinaman, a harmless lunatic in life, has fallen into a habit-according to the testi mony of many of his countrymen-of revisit ing the scene of his last exploit on eartii. These visits have had a very disquieting effect among the celestials who nightly hold high revel on Mr. Shing Long's premises. On Tuesday night last, however, deceased seems to have reached the apex of presumption, for on that occasion he dropped in quite unex pectedly in the silent watches of the night and casually seated himself on a brother celestial's chest. The party who was so summarily sat upon raised an outcry, arousing everyone liv ing in the vicinity. No amount of argument could convince him that the fearful and won derful dishes he had partaken of before retiring, coupled with a steady application to his opium pipe, was the cause of Ins fright. After abjur ing the phantom on his chest by the memory of all he held sacred to "go to Emerald, where his (the phantom's) brother lived, and "no sit on me," he passed round the hat among the other heathens and collected suffi cient money to purchase a stock of provisions, and morning saw liiin on his way to the grave of the departed with a supply of edibles calcu lated to keep any Chinaman, dead or alive, happy for at least a week. " FACT" writeB to us from out west saying that lie noticed our intimation that snake yarns would be welcomed until the Par liament again assembles, and wishes us to publish the following true story:-He is a boundary rider 011 n western station, and lives in a hut on the banks of a lagoon. Having been there for some time he has constructed a little garden in front of his residence; but not hav ing a very strong fence, and the cattle in the neighborhood being very inquisitive, our cor respondent had got into theliabitof suddenly jumping up in the night and seizing an old stock-whip without a handle, always kept handy on a box alongside his bunk, to scare the intruders away from his fence. The night previous to the date of his letter our friend was aroused in the night as usual, sprung up, and, without striking a light, seized his whip, and rushed outside. He there found a couple of gigantic bullocks doing their best to reach a small patch of blooming zinnias by leaning over his fence, which had commenced to crack. It was not long before they felt our friend's whip catling about their hides, for being proud of his garden he slashed the intruders right lustily. They soon cleared out, and our story-teller returned to his hut and threw his wlnp into the usual spot. As it touched the ground he heard a most unmistakeable hiss, and it was not long before a box of matches was seized and a light struck. There in the corner by the bunk was a snake about six feet long, which was soon despatched by the first thing handy. Next morning our friend looked for tu6 whip, and then suddenly remembered that a chum had taken it away with him the day before to put' a new handle iu it His sensations were then similar to those one could be imagined to feel if a cold shower bath was unexpectedly turned on to him, for what had he been using in the night to scare the cattle away P Why that six-Foot snake of course! . 