Literary and Theatrical. (Br *' ESPIGADOR.") An English medical publication, tho HOSPITAL, suggests that some better provision should be made for the mental entertainment of lunatics, in the way of newspapers and periodicals. If most of the editors of both were to relate their experi ences, they would probably be able to say that a good many of their would-be contributors seem, indeed, to imagine that the reading pnblio must almost wholly consist of lunatics. Among the novels which are announced for the autumn is one from the pen of Sir George Ches ney, author of *' The Hattie of Doiking." An important work on European coins, by Mr. Wi C»row Hazlitt (grandson of the famous essayist), will shortly be published. It contains upwards of 250 illustrations from examples in Mr. Hazlitt's own collection. The study in ques tion is one to which he has devoted many years. "The Celtic Twilight, Men, Women, Devils,and Fairies," is the somewhat remarkable title of a forthcoming book. It consists of a series ol essays and sketches of peasant characters whom the writer (Mr. W. B. Yeates) has mot i> Ireland, and stories of fairies and ghosts which he hae heard in Irish villages. Mr. Yeateb gives a curious account of a little group of "black sorcerers," whom he saw invoking spirits and demons. It is to be hoped that the scene was not got up by the obliging natives for the special delectation of Mr. Yeates, even as those incidents which are described in some of Lever's novels, and of which a mystified Cookney tourist is usually the spectator. Lord Eandolph Churchill is writing a pamph let on the House of Lords. It will be published by the Primrose League. Lady Wilde, Oscar Wilde's mother, haB written a book, in which she gives utterance to what an English critic describes as " the plaint of woman." That plaint, according to her ladyship, has re sounded through the ages from the victims to the tyrant man. Lady Wilde's once famous country woman, Lady Morgan, wrote a work entitled "Woman and Her Master," in which woman was recognised as singing the same sad song of which Lady Wilde ia the latest interpreter. Still true to the ideas which may be presumed to have suggested that name of " Speranza " under which she used to write such stirring and patriotic verse in the Dublin NATION in its brilliant days. Lady Wilde manages, meanwhile, to indicate not a little of a silver lining to that cloud which she repre sents as so persistently hanging over her sex through all recorded time. M'Millan and Company are about to issue an edition-de-luxe of Mary Bussell Mitford's " Our Village." It will be a "limited large paper edition." Dr. Leibermann, of Berlin, was recently visit ing English libraries, including cathedral and private libraries, for the purpose of bringing out a critical edition of the Anglo-Saxon laws. Tho popular idea of the Russian general, Skobeleff. is that of a military genius who only needed fitting opportunity, and a longer career, to have probably rivalled some of the greatest captains the world has seen. A very different picture of him is, however, conveyed by a Prussian officer, Bichard Graf Von Pfeil, who served in the Russian army during the Busso-Turkish war in 1877-78, and whose recently published experiences have been translated into English. This Prussian critic considers the professional capacity of Skobeleff to have been mediocre. What passed as the audacity of brilliant inspiration was often, he believes, mere foolhardiness. His opinion is that Skobeleff owed much of his celebrity to the civility which he showed to newspaper correspon dents. He describes him, too, as unlike most men of true courage, inasmuch as he was needlessly cruel. We are told how he ordered all the Turkish defenders of the Gravitsa redoubt in front of Plevna after the place was stormed to be bayo neted, thongh they implored their lives on their bended knees. This was ferocity worthy of Suva roff. Bat perhaps such a story, as well as others related of the Prussian officer, are colored to Borne extent by the prejudice natural to him in respect of aman who had a Btrong aversion to all Prussian?. Anyhow the writer is not more severe on Scobeloff than he is on the whole military system of Russia, such as he observed it. It was, he says, in a fear ful state of disorder. Wholesale peculation was going on, even among officers of high rank. " Many regimental, battery, and squadron com manders returned from the war rich men." The death of Mario TJchard, French novelist and dramatist, has recently been announced. He was born in Paris in 1824. Besides his relations with the shage through his being a play wright, he had a further one in the fact of his being the husband of the celebrated actress Madeleine Brohan, of the Theatre Fran gais. " La Flam mina," a four-act drama of his, produced in 1857, attracted much notice from the peculiar and by no meanB self-shrinking way in which its author held the mirror up to nature. The piece waa, in fact, a frank repro duction of his own domestic troubles. He tried his hand rather successfully, too, as a novelist. A story of his which 01 iginally appeared in the REVUE DES DEUX MONDES some 16 or 17 years ago, called " Mon Oncle Barbassou," found many readers. It has been republished separately in .English as well as French. The plot is a curious one, turning on the adventures of a nephew who, as part of the property which he has inherited from an uncle who had long sojourned in the East, finds consigned to him in Paris a whole harem of Oriental beauties. It does not, however, receive much of that kind of treatment which English readers might imagine such a subject would inevitably get from a French novelist. It is made more whimsical and amusing than any thing else. "Mon Oncle Barbassou" was dramatised and given at the Gymnase in 1891, but was not much of a hit in its new shape. Mr. Fredrick Burgess, of the Mcore and Burgess Minstrels, died lately. To admirers of Thackeray, Mr. Burgess was an interesting link in connection with the great novelist. It was he who had managed Thackeray's famous lectures on " The Four Georges." Among his rnoßt treasured relics was a number of notes and notelets which ho had rocoivod from tho author of VANITY FAIR, whom, by the way, he seems to have appreciated as much for his sterling personal qualities as for his literary merits. With regard tb the latter, Mr. Burgess was a much better judge than might be imagined by those who only knew him as one of the presiding geniuses of the well-known big nigger minstrel show which for so many years has been one of the regular entertainments of London. Mr. Moore was really a bookish man, and had an excellent library. As regards modern novelists, he appears to have divided his affections between Dickens and Thackerav. He had a fine collection of first editions of Dickens. Not very long since he added to it a set of the original numbers of Pick wick, for which he had paid £20 at a public sal9. Old Londoners in Australia, and of course many persons besides in this part of the world, will remember that the minstrel business with which, conjointly with that celebrity known to his intimates as " Pony Moore," Mr. Burgess was for HO many years associated, was formerly known aa that of the "Christy Minstrels." It changed its style and tife about 20 years Bince, the reason assigned being not only that a new management had been inaugurated, but that the old name had been borrowed for so many " tin pot" shows, that it was just as well to leave it to them altogether and make a fresh start as the " Moore and Burgesa Minstrels." " Pat, fair, and forty." Madame Antonio Navarro, better known as Misa Mary Anderson, will soon fulfil at least two of the conditions of the alliterative old saw. Our cousin io, of course, to be described as fair; and if not yet waxing fat, she is at any rate pretty close on 40. She celebrated ber 39th birthday on July 28 last. Some of the stars move with a velocity of 60 miles a second. TH O one can breathe at a greater height than seven miles from the earth. April 15 was the anniversary of the publica tion, in 1755, of Dr. Samuel Johnson's great dic tionary of the English language. The fact is recalled that when Andrew Millar, the publisher of that long-delayed work, received the last proof sheet from Dr. Johnson, he wrote him this brusque note : " Andrew Millar Bends his compliments to Mr. Samuel Johnson, with the money for the last sheet of the copy of the ' Dictionary,' and thanks God he has done with him." To this the doctor replied: "Samuel Johnson returns hie compli mente to Mr Andrew Millar, and is very glad to find, as he does by this note, that Andrew Millar has the grace to thank God for anything.'' 