GRAVE AND GAY. Advice on the subject of ghost-seeing given by a hardened sceptic to a young friend. " My dear boy, if a ghost comes in at tbe door, take a pistolif he comes up through the floor, take a pill." Unprofitable.—" Sam, why don't yoa talk to your master, and tell him to lay np treasures in heaven ?" " Whafs de nse of him layin* op treasures np dar ? He neber see um again." The papers are discussing the question, " May cousins many ?" We should hope so. We don't see why a cousin hasn't as good a right to marry as a brother, or an uncle, or a son, or a sister." " My beloved brethren," announced the preacher from his pulpit, "on Sabbath morning next a collection will be taken np for our blessed Fiji mission." "Amen," rang fervently ^through the congregation. " And I would add," went on the preacher, impressively, " that aniens, however resonant and sincere, make but little rattle in the contribution box." The leader of a theatre orchestra toward the close of last season was told that he must cut down expenses. He cat off the man with the big dram, who was not getting the biggest salary of the lot. "Why did yoa discharge the poor fellow," he was asked, "instead of one of the others?" " Well, yoa see," was the reply, "he was getting so little, I thought he would not feel the loss of it much." first Farmer: " You say you can't take £8 for that cow ?" Second Farmer : " Can't do it." " But yesterday you told me you'd sell her for j£8." " I faiow I did, but I'll have to back out" " What's the matter ?"' " You see that cow belongs to my wife, and she Bays shell sob herself into hysterics if I sell her. It would break her heart." " All right—ifs no trade." " I say ?" " Well, what is it ?" " Make it £9, and well let her Bob." . Customer to coal dealer : " Have yoa got a name for those scales of yours?" "I never beard of scales having a name." " Well, you ought to call your scales Ambush. You see they are always lying in weight" Answered.—"Suppose," said an examiner o a student in engineering, " you had built an engine yourself, performed every part of the work without assistance, and knew that it was in complete order, but when put on the road the pomp would not draw water ; what would yoa do ?" " I should look into the t«nk and ascertain if there was any water to draw," replied the student. 