WORLD OF FASHION. The Empire Bonnet.—lt is made in several aizea, ao no one need nun into ex treme* unless they wish to do so; and it ia decidedly the belt shspo to wear with the hair dressed down on the nape of the neck or in the mnch abused ■' bun." My own theory is that these bonnets increase the apparent age o{ ever jone who wears them; bat itill they are sometimes very protty, and I prefer them in black to being made in colour. The best are made of black satin, next to them come those of bUck velvet and black cloth. With the largc sized pokes there is a border of white tulle, quilled tip in quite the ancient style; and when this is not need, we see a niching of coloured Batin, black tulle, or even a half wreath of roses. I have seen a cbaraiing black velvet poke bonnet which was lined with pink eatin and had a black tale quill ing and pink roses, on the outside black ratin ribben, pink roses, and black and pink feather- tops, with short wide satin etringe. A grey velvet "Empire" was niso lined with pink velvet and trimmed with pink satin and grey and pick tips Black Batin as Tiioiming—Black satin is our. favourite trimming, apparently for every kind of material. We saw a v,ry pretty Paris m>4el of drab crinkled crepon, the Bkirfc being trimmed with folds of black satin, the lowest being about 3in. deep, and the upptr ones six, gradually diminishing in number as far aa the knee. Tncts of black satin are also mnch in vogue, and also small gathered flounces, each of them with a heading, and cut on the bias. These flounces are generally separated by a ep&cu; equil to the width of the flounce iteelf. The old-faxhioned rolled hem is used for the edge of three flounces, while the heading is a doubled fold of the material itie'f. Skirts.—The chief otject of concern just now amongst, these who have to wear their gowns and alter them co aa to go through a second season is how the alterati- n can be accompanied withent too much expendi ture either of time or money. And so great it the change in the cot of our Bkirta this season that we shoald indeed be stoical if we were willing to go through the spring season without trying to bring ourtelvcß np to the mark that fashion re quires. The skirt pfto-d»y is " bell-shaped " in name, wid is really a rounded shape, which is tight-fitting i>t the hips, where three or four deep gores give it shape, and plainly rounded at the back—this cue helping it to flow out full from the knees around the feet lin flute-like pleats at the sides and back, but not directly in the frost. All onr skirts have been so gradually shortened that one hardly realises that we are now f speoted to wear them at leas; two inchiß pfl the ground. The best dressmakers are making them quite to clear the greund when intended for walking dresses. . Fichu.—Lace and .chfffon fichus we muoh warn in the house and for evening they are made in .Urge square shapes. edged with dainty frills, and look well knotted across the shoulders of either a high or low bodice. Long black lace scarves in place of fur boas are jrjtty and graceful additions to m walking toilette. Sleevei.—lheso cannot be too wide and balloon-like i in fact, the new sleeves are called balloon shape, for they are larger than the leg-of-mutton sleeves. They are not raised on shoulder, but fall full to tht elbow, whence they are quite cloßoflttiog. The coat-shape skeve with a balloon puff is equally smart, aa alto are the (lathed sleevts, which are the enlarged leg-of mutton shape opened down the inside sera to show laoe or another material beneath. ; Little Girl** Frocks.—SomßprettrfcoAß for litUe girli ate made in pruceaa ahtoT either with or without a joUi they w fattened at the back, wti fit the finre clotely. Other dreiws have satberS £ fane* bodioei united to a plain" fart under a saah or waiatbaad. Amoag,tt« lattei » novel bodice hM a vert cut fiWiSSof a pointed yoke; thi* it in black relVtti a thin powder-blu. habit oloth is ru&*\£ tie rertof the frock. The two bodice S>aS begmfrom thecenteeof the armhoU left aad right to oocceal the edge of the Tat I which v mounted on a lain? The riahl front croates over the left, aid is h,tesed on one tide with a jet buckle, the bodice thus setii qoite full, and falls bvertht wwtband the lower edge being tucked under and Kcored to the figure. Put ateevea with a deep-ntting cuff i,d a plan, akut are ad(ted. A bud of letted nm, trim. th.ba.e of the *bg!a?£S2 t and outline! the two cloth fronts Shoes and Btocking S ._Bl»ckßhoea and children that they hare become mono tonou.. We have now qnite .dfcpfc, o f coloured hoiaerj, lnoludior bendM nl»ir *«> «*»** V *■ ". d uoUuf EUher'rfthie/wVn. with patent leather ,hoes, fi ß tah»d with large ateel buckle., .re wry dainty when placed oa • pair of waß^haped legs and I- OPINING A SAFE . Andj K<*»n, chift of the polici burtan of ir.dpntific ition, telln a good itory. __ "im-'tt thief," iiys finely, " whom'^ hadjiot teen for a long time, " 'Hulloa, Jim,' aaya I, 'where hare yon been for io long f What has beooaae. of lour partner f' "•Wall, I tell ye. Andy/ the thief re plied, 'You know Chic igo ain't boe» acy too healthy for me. Poor old BUI 1' > •" What haa became of Bill V \ . " 'De last I ace of Bill, Andy, was an arm. XII tell ye how it wag. Meandß:U and another pal went down to a little town in Ohio to do a job. Do (tore was o*ned by an old feller who banked nearly all de money- in do town. He run a hardware store and inch like, and it waa dead easy. Bill an' me other pal went inside while, I piped off on de outciie. De boyB found a ghost all right and went to wuk a&d; dulled her. D j lads filled her np wid powder and stepped around behind de safe ter wait for de explosion. Oh, my 1 oh, mo! oh, my 1' and the thief shook his head dolefully. '"Well, how about it I" I questioned curiously. "' Well, yer tee, Andy, de ole feller dat run de shop was a stingy bloke, and Ur save de insurance rates on da store he didn't say nothin' about it, and pnt dyna mite in his safe. De last I seen of me pal was an arm g.iu' trew do roof, Andy. When do racket was over I found myself sitting in a cornfield out on de edge of de town. Dat was the last T Men of Bill, Andy.'" After the Honeymoon.—He—" Every body aays you married me for my mane}.' Sat —"AndeYerybodysaysl paid an exorbi tant price for it." "My ftieudu were light about John," sighed the joang wife. " They said that after I married aim 1 would find him out, and to 1 do—oat ever; night." 