MEMORIAL SERVICE AT WOL- LONGONG. THE LATE MR. A. PARSONS. A memorial service was held in the Wes- leyan Church, Wollongong, on Sunday night, when reference was made to the late Mr. Aquila Parsons. The rostrum was draped with black crape, and suitable hymns were sung, the service being very solemn and impressive. Considering the inclemency of the night, and the unfavor- able weather during tha day, the church was well filled, the congregation including a considerable number of the principal residents of the town belonging to other denominations. The Rev. G. Martin took for his text the 10th verse of the 14th chapter of Job— "Man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man qiveth up the ghost, and where is he ?" dwelling on the latter part, " Where is he ?" Continuing his sermon, the reverend gentleman said:— I want to deal with this question, and to do it 1 want you ail to go with me in imagination, and let us stand before tho open grave, with the fresh turf lying all around it. And now look at that fl nver-wreathed coffin, covered with tokens plucked by living hands and from loving hearts, and then ask the question that Job's question asked two or throe thousand years ago, and yet as fresh to-day as it was then, ' Where is he ?' Whero, oh 1 whore is he whose body lies thoro in that wroathed coffin ? A few days ago he was among tho living ; a few week3 ago he was a man amongst men, borne along with the preat world currents of social and commercial life But where is ho now ? He is not in his home, for his home i3 vacant. He is not in his shop or office, for there is the empty chair and tho vacant seat. You ask for him in the hauuts he was knowD to fre quent — in tho church or iu the world — but he is not there. From all tho haunts of men he lias vanishod, and vanished as com pletely as though he had never been. His hand will never again grasp tool, or spade, or pen. His voice will never again wake the echoes of the morning. Oh 1 where is he ? His body lie3 thero to bo quietly re solved into tho chemical elemeuts out of which it was built. But where is the man himself 1 Whero is that living, loving spirit which once tenanted that poor decay ing body, and made house and home alive with his presence ? you ask at that opon grave, before that flower-wreathed coffin, you pause and wait, but there is no reply. You kuow tho Jews wailed and wept and cried aloud before the graves of their dead. But their most frantic and impassioned cries awoke in responsive answer, for there are no silences so deep and so dread as the awful silences of tho grave. Weeping and wailing 1 — the most frantic cries and the most impassioned griefs are of no avail here. You ask, ' Whero is he ?' but there is no reply. You ask again, but there is nothing save the dying ochocs of your own voice. Ib there then no answer to that question l /ire tlie silences ol the grave so completo and so absolute that they have never beon broken ? Is there absolutely no answer to that question — ' Where is he ?'' Lot us pause and see ; and, in doing so, I_ want to show you the unavailing emptiness ol all earthly sources. I want to show you that tho best of earthly answers are mere guesses or half-articulated hopes, and that we are shut up to Christ, and to Christ alone. We will go, first of all, to philosophy, and at its shrine we will ask tho question, ' Where i3 he ? whero, oh ! where is the loving spirit which once animated that sonsoless clay V' Wo nsk, but, alas ! we' soon find (hat the philoso phers differ greatly among themsolves. It ts truo that some of our English philo sophers do lighten the darkness of the grave with tho radiance of hope. For in stance, Bishop Butler, in his great argu ment, says : 'We have no proof that death will be the destruction of the living agent in man and Dr. Martineau argues mag nificently from heart, and lovo, and con science that there must be a hereafter for man, or our nature is overcharged with spiritual intensities which run to waste. But there are philosophers having a Christian hope, but even they, speaking as philosophers merely, can give us no certain answer to that question, 'Where is he?' But let us go from philosophy to physi ology. We go then to the professional physiologist, and we say to him, ' You have studied the wondrous and beautiful mechanism of the human frame. You are intimately acquainted with the structure and functions of its various organs ; tell us then what you know of the Beyond 1 Anawsr our nuastion. 'Where ir he?' Where is he who once animated this sense less frame, who looked from its eyes aud spoke from its lips, who lived- and loved and acted in our midst ? Oh ! tell us, whero is ho P' Ah, my friends, some of our modern physiologists havo told us with open candour that they know nothing at all about it, and if you go to men liko Lewes, Maudsley, and Bastian and ask, ' Where is he 1' they will tell you, without boating about the bush at all, that he is nowhere — that he is simply suuffed out of existence. They will toll you, with much bIiow of learning, that there can bo no thought whero thero is no action of the brain, and no sensation apart from tho bodily organ ism. In other words, these men have preached to this ago the gospel of material istic despair, aud they toll us that when a man dicB there is an utter and complete ond of him, that ho is as though he had nover been born, and never felt the passion ate thrill of uxititeuco ^'osi is tho miserable dictum of a oortain sohool of physiologists. And now lot us . go to scienco, and again ask Job's question, ' Whore is ho ?' You Bay, porhaps, ' Suroly soience can toll ub, and sot our hungry hearts at rest. Oh 1 Scionoo, toll us whero is ho ?— whore is tho man that, onco tenanted thatdocaying fr^mo. Surely you can toll us. You have climbed lb-; hoavons and revealed to us the glories of the immoasurenble universo ; you havo delvod into tho oarth ; you have read its strange history, and told us tho wondrous story of its development from tho primul fire miBt ; you havo studiod tho marvellous develop ment of animal and plant lifo ; you havo told us of tho origin of spocies, and by the nf n„,kr,r„l„„„ cn„„l,f fr, unravel tho mystery of life itself. Oh, surely, then, you cau answor our question, and toll us what and whero ho is who once animated that senseless clay?' Ah, no, my friends, by hor own free and candid acknowledgements Sclenoe cmnot toll you. Hero a doctor of soionee is as ignorant as a peasant at tho plrugh. And if you pro's littlo Denver's quostion, ' What is ' Bo yond V ' Scienco will tell you sho doos not know ; and so far as tho teachings of Nature are concerned, sho will tell you that thoro is aa much liopo for the hereafter of tho tree you cut down in your paddock, or for tho flower you pluck in your garden, or for the dog that plays with your child, aB thero is for you or mo. Now, do not think that I am exaggerating. I am simply stating the results which the keenest re search of this keen and eager age has arrived at ; and If you want an illustration I would take you to the Highgate Cemetery, in the city of London, and thore point you to the grave of Wm. Kingdon Clifford. plishod scientists. He was professor of mathematics and applied mechanics in Uni versity College, London. He was an accomplished physiologist, aa his little book on ' Seeing and Thinking' would show. Well, on the headstone of his grave thore are written theso words : I was not, and was conceived ; I I -ved. aud did a little work ; I am not, and grieve not. Now, my friends, we have been the round. We have boen to the philosopher, tho physiologist, and the scientist. Now, let mo como to tho Gospel. What does the Gos pel say? Oh listen to the words of Christ : ' I am the resurrection and the life ; he that belioveth on me, though ho were dead, yet shall he live ; he tliBt liveth and be lieveth on me shall never die.' Now do you ask tho question concerning our de parted brother, ' Where is he ?' We s:ty he is not dead, but living, and living with Christ in the Great UoBeen. Ho lived and died a beliover in the Christian revela tion, and if he could come back to us from '.he Unseen, depend upon it he would point every oue of us to Christ. But we cannot have a preacher from tho dead. Yet, standing here to-night, as in his place, I want to point you all to Christ. Thero is no hope of life and immortality out of Christ. Out of Him it Is darkness and blank despair. At the close of the sermon Mr. Martin read the following, which ho himsolf had prepared (chiefly from data supplied by Mr. Wiseman) with the object of having it inserted in the Wes'ejan Church magazine : — 'The subject of this .brief notice was born in Wollongong in April, 184G. Ho was tho child of godly parents, who de voutly feared God, and wore earnest sup porters of the Wesleyan Church in this town. He was brought up in conncction with tho church and Sunday-school, and from a lad he waB steady, sober, and in dustrious. From a youth he had an aotive mind and was full of energy. During the pastorate of the late Rev. Dr. Kelynack in thiB circuit, about 28 or 30 years ago, he, in connection with several young men, gave his heart to God. There Was a gracious revival, whose results were lasting and beueficial to the whole circuit. Iu that re vival he exparienced tho blessednesa of a genuine conversion to God, and at once gave himself to earnest Christian work. Be became a local preacher, and rendered good service in that useful and honorable sphere of Christian labor. From a child ho attended the Sunday- school in connection with this church. He graduated from scholar to teacher, and for a period of twenty years he was connected with Mr. W. J. Wiseman as a teacher. On Mr. Wiseman's retirement fram the super intendency, he became superintendent, and continued his relationship to the sohool until he removed from town to his late resi dence. Ho was an aotive member and ardent supporter of the ohurch, being con nected with it as teacher, steward, and trustee. When this church was built, he took an active part in its erection, and contributed liberally to its funds. He secured the respect of his fellow citizens in all the relationships of life. He was a good huaband, a loving father, and an estimable citizen. In his departure from amongst us, the town and district loses one of its best citizens. He held various positious of usefulness and honor in the town. He was at one time or other aldor man, mayor, magistrate, and Harbour Trust commissioner. He was to the front in every good and useful work, and always bore himself as became a Christian and a gentleman. He was straightforward in hiB dealings, upright, and honorable in his con duot. About a year ago he waa smitten down by disease, and for a time his life was despaired of. During his illuess he was visited by the minister, Mr. Wiseman, and others. He renewed his vows to God, and enjoyed the peaceful Bense of HiB presence. He was restored for a short time, and was full of hope ; but this hope was illusive, and only a few weeks ago he was suddenly smitten down, and conveyed from town to his home on tho hill, where he lingered for some days, and then yielded up hiB lif '. The righteous hath hope in his death, and he died in'Christian hope, com forted and blessed by its sweet assurances. He was greatly esteemed in all his rela tions in life, and by his death the town has lost a good citizen and the church a good fiiend and supporter.' 