THE CHURCHES. TAMAR-STREET CHURCH. MEMORIBlL SERVICE. .The service at Tamar- street Congrega tional Church yesterday morning was special, in memory of the late MisC. Price. There was a large congregation. The Rev. J. G. Wright preached, taking for his text the words " Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God" (Matthew v., 8), and" So shall we ever be with the Lord" (I. Thes. iv., 17). Referring to the context, the preacher raid holy character was essen tial to seeing God. Some thought of religion as of something simply out ward and visible, connisting in duties to neighbours and attendance upon some place of worship, forgetting that the King dom of God is not meats and drinks, but righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Others made little of the practical, and spoke as if it was simply a feeling, an emotion, forgetting that "the grace of God, which bringeth salvation, teaches us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly in the present evil world." Real religion was both an experience and a practice; it would beautify the life and purify the heart. On that morning they were r, minded of earth's loss and Heaven's gain. It was nearly four years ago since he had the pleasure of making the acquaintance of the late Mrs Price, an l during the last eighteen months he had had many oppor tunities of becoming acquainted with her deep love for everything pure and good, and her unshaken confidence in her Father, God. It was quite unnecessary for him to refer at any length to her earlier history, for doubtless moat of those present had read the very intele.ting sketch of the life of one who was so many years the pastor of the church, the Rev. C. Price, and which was written by their esteemed fellow citizen Mr Fenton. Early in life the deceased lady became conscious of the love of God, and through the many years that stood be tween the day of her joining the Church of Christ on earth and the Saturday that she entered the Church above she walked as a child of God. Alexander the Great said to a coward in his army who was called after him, "either give up my name or imita'e my waya." Christ might say to suany Christians, " Either give up my name or manifest My spirit; and follow in My steps." From what he (MrWright) had read, heard, and seen, he believed the name " Christian" was not unworthily best)wed upon Mrs Price. With her religion was not simply a thing for the emotions or the brain, nor, on the other hand, was it a mere outward thing, a round of ceremonies, or a course of unintelligent actions. The whole soul, the intellect, the will, the affections, the conscience, were un der the influence of piety. She was married to the Rev. C. Price on April 3, 1832,and on the same day started for Tasmania. The godly pair were spared to celebrate their golden wedding. She greatly encouraged and assisted her husband in fulfilling the duties of the various offices he sustained in the church, and her .happiness seemed to be inseparably connected with that of her hasband. As a wife, mistress, and mother, she sought to faithfully discharge her dutirs, and enjoyed a life "void of offence towards God and man." Ho believed Mrs Price attended the first service held by Mr Price in Launceston in September, 1832, nearly 61 years ago. In the following year they went to New South Wales, and re turned to Launceston in 1836. After living half a century in this place, the pronounced verdict was that husband and wife were children of God. They gained and re tained a good name, and this not by ealmly assenting to the opinions of others, not by pretending to believe in what they really disbelieved in, but by honestly ondeavouring to do what they believed to be right, and speaking what they knew to be the truth. To assume that they.never erred would be to assume that they were infallible-that they were not mortal. He had always regarded Mrs Price as one who possessed a holy character. She was pure in heart,and where they found that there would be purity of action, purity of con versation, purity of thought and affection. That purity of heart ensured a life con tinued in the presence of God. St. Paul's idea of Heaven was being with Christ, and Christ promised to His desciples "I will come again and receive you unto Myself." In conclusion Mr Wright raid :-" We do not weep for our friend, who had a good old age. After patiently waiting she has entered into rest. There are those of you in the church who, for love of Mrs Price and love for Christ, did your beet to brighten her last days. That will cause satisfaction to yourselves, comfort to the bereaved, and pleasure to God. The parting day is to be followed by the meet ing day ; the departed ones are stihl ours, they are not lost; hence we rejoice as well as sorrow. Probably very few of the young or middle-aged will live so many years as did our friend, but hlt us live well; "work, for the night is coming." It is not years, b.at the account to which we turn them, that makes life long or short. Remember He liveth long who liveth well I All other life is short and vain; noe liveth longest who can tell Of living most for heavenly gain, He liveth long who liveth well ! All else is being fing away : He liveth longest who esantell Of true things truly done each diy. Waste not thy being; back to Him Who freely gave it, freely give ; Else I. that belng but a dream 'Tie but to be, and not to live. LAUNOESTON TABERNACLE. Pastor Clarke continued yesterday even ing the series of addresses on Bunyan's "Pilgrim's Progreos," commenced on the previous Sunday. The subject of last night's discourse was " Pliable a.d Obsti nate," and the pastor after graphically narrating how the two men set forth to bring Christian back to the city, and telling of the differint ways in which Christian's determination affected them, went on to show that Pliable was a very apt illustra tion of a common enough every-day character, the man of no moral backbone, who was swayed by every passing breath of sentiment and repulsed by every trivial obstacle. Such men, the pastor went on to say, never became good Christians, and to be a really good Christian needed that form of decision which was begotten of deep conviction. The pastor in conclusion made a most earnest and moving appeal to the congregation to decide now and to decide thoroughly which side they would take, and to decide for the Lord. The address throughout was listened to with the deepest attention. The series of dis courses will be continued next and the following Sundays. WESLETAN METHODIST CHURCB, INVEYRM AY. The first anniversary in connection with this church was held yesterday. There were good attendances at both services. The Rev. F. J. Mance occupied the pulpit at the morning service, and took for his text Matthew vi., 23-" For where your treasure is there will your heart be also." The rev. gentleman gave a very powerful and instructive addlress. In the evening the Rev. D. J. Flockhart conducted the service and preached from James ii., 26 "II any man among you seem to bs religious, and bridieth not his tongue, but decoiveth his own heart,this man's religion is vain." The choir rendered excellent selections during the day, bding assisted by friends from town. Miss Goyne pre sided at the organ. The public meeting will be held at 7'30 this evening and ad dresses will be given by the Revs. W. Shaw, D. J. Flockhart, and C. Anthony. MEMORIAL CHURCH. At the morning service Pastor Soltanu continued the exposition of the life of Abraham, taking for his text Hebrews xi, 9. He specially dealt with the fact that Abraham lived in tents the whole of his life, in Canaan, thus establishing his pilgrim character in a land that was his by Divine promise. The frequent mention of his altar was pointed out as showing his abiding faith in the necessity for sacrifee for protection and communion with God. The two enemies that he had to facein this life of faith were the Canaanites and famine Faith in God was tested thus and proved victorious, for no demage arose to his great posse. slons during the whole of his life. For Christians of the present daythe lesson is needed. This is the victory that overcomech the world, even your faith. In the evening the Pastor commenced a series of addresses on the parables of the Lord, teking for his first subject the " Parable of the sower." The different kinds of ground that yielded no harvest were shown to be representative of the different states of heart and mind as towards the word of God. No soil was the first a heart harderei and unreceptive. No root the second; emotions stirred, but the solid rock of unconfessed sin and unrevered will being untouched. No room the third; the power of evil habit and insincerity rendering the word of God fruitless in the life. Good ground the fourth class, that hears, under stands, receives, and keeps, being the only fruitful lives yielding the harvest to the Spiritual Husbandmaun. The various points of the address'weore sent home by telling illustrations. 