Story Column. Now Flnsi pcdlibbbd. ALL ALONG THE RIVER I bt MISS BRADDON, Aiwkob of "Aurora Floyd," "Dead Men's Shoes," " The Day Will Oome,' ' " Phantom Fortune, ' ' "Tho One Thing Needful," &o.; See., ALL QUEENSLAND KNURS RESERVKD. CHAPTER I.— Continued.) A man in plain clothes, who looked more liko a valet than a butler, answered the bell. ' Send Mrs. Mayne, and bring tea,' . ordered hie lordship. What a slender, girlish form it was whioh the removal of the tweed jaoket revealed. The ahm waist and somewhat narrow shoulders betokened n dehcaoy of constitution. The throat was beautiful, milk white, the throat of Diana, and tho head, now tho hut was off, would also have dono tor Diana ; a email olossio head, with soft, brown liuirdruwn smoothly awuy from the low, white brow and rolled mto a knot at tho hack. The features were as delicate as the completion, m which- there was no brilliancy of colour ing, onlv, pale, ivory tints. Tho eyes were dark gray , with long, brpwn lashes, and their present expression was between anxiety aud wondering interest. Lost withiel was not such a coxcomb as to ap propriate that look of interest. He bow that it was his house and not himself whioh inspired the. feeling. ' Yon liko old houses, I can see, Mrs. Disney,' ho said, smiling at her. ' Dearly. They are like poems in briok and stone, are they not ? I dare say there are stories about this room.' 'Inuumorablt stories. I, should have to ransack the Record Office for some of them, and to draw upon a very had memory to a perilous extent for others,' " ' Is it haunted ? ' ' I am not one of those privileged per sons who seo ghosts ; neither seventh sou of a seventh son ; nor of the mediumistic temperament ; hut I have heard of an apparition pervading the house on occa sions, and hoing seen in this room, which iB one of tho older rooms, a part of that building whioh was once a grange apper taining to o certain small monastery, put down by Henry VIII., and recorded in the Black Rook, As one of tho oldest rooms it is naturally uncanny ; bnt as I have never suffered tiny inconvenience in that line, I make it my own particular den.' . ' It is the moat picturesque room I over saw. And what a multitude of books ! ' exclaimed Isolu. . ' Yes ; T liuve a good many bonks. I am always buying; but -I find I never have exactly tho book I want. And aS I liavo 110 librarian I aiu too apt to forgot tho books I havo. If I could afford to spend' inoro of my life at the Mount, I would engage some learned gentleman, whose life has been o failure, to take care of my hocks. Aro you. Cornish, liko your husband, Mrs. Disney ? ' ' No. 1 was born at Dinan.' 1 "What ! in that medieval Breton city ? You are not French, though, I think ?' ' My mother and father were ' both English, hut my sister and I wore bora and brought up in Brittany.' Lostwithiel questioned no further. He had a shrewd idea that when English people live for a good many years in a Breton town they have reasons of their own, generally financial, for their choice of a settlement. He was a man who could not have Bpeut six months of his life away from Condon and Paris. Tho housekeeper made her appearance and offered her services. She rung the rain out of Isola's cloth skirt, and wiped tho muddy hem. Sho took ohnrgo of the jaoket and hat, and at Lostwitliiel's sug gestion she remained to pour out the tea. She was a very dignified person, in a black silk gown, ana a laco cap, and she treated her master as if lie had been a doml-god. Isola could not be afraid of taking tea in this matronly presence, yetsfaekeptlooking nervously towards the window in front of her, whoretherain heat with undiminished force, and where the darkened sky told of impending night. ' I see you aro getting anxious, Mrs. Disney,' suid LoBtwithiel, who had noth ing to do but watch her faoe, such an ex pressive faoe at all times, so picturesquely beautiful when touched by the flickering light of the low wood fire. 1 If you have to wait for fine weather yon may be hero all night, und your good people at home would bo frantic. I'll order a carriage, and you can be at homo in three-quarters of an hour.' 'Oh, no, Lord Lostwithiel, I couldn't give . you so much trouble. If your housekeeper will be so very kind as to lend me aoloak and umbrella, I can get home very well. And I had better start , at once.' ' In the rain, alone, and in the darkness. It will bo dark before yon are homo in any case. No, Mrs. Disney, if I were to permit such a thing I should expeot Major DiBnoy to call me out direotly he came home. He is in India, I think.' ' Yes. Ho is with bis regimont in Barmah.' ' Do you expect him homo soon ?' . ' Not very soon ; not for six months, or perhaps longer. It was that which made me walk bo far.' LoBtwithiel looked puzzled. ' I mean-that I was so. disappointed by his letter— a letterl received to-day-— that I went out for a long walk to wink down my had ipirits if I could, and hardly knew how far I was going. It has made me inflict trouble on yon, and Mrs. — ' ' Mayne. Both Mrs. Mayno and I are delighted to be of use to you. Order the i station brougham, Daltou, immediately,' to. the man who , answered liis bell. 'The- carriage can hardly be ready in less than twenty minutes, so pray try to do justice to Mrs Mayue's tea,' It-ie delicious tea,' said Isola,/ sipping :v it luxuriously, efijoying the tirqglow, and . jfcMwoiog lights jupfl' the richly-bound books in all their varieties of colouring, from crimson and orange-tawny to cream ollnm. She was evidontly relieved in her mind by. the knowledge that she was to be driven home presently. ' If yeu are really interested in this old house you must como some sunny morning and let Mrs. Mayne show you over it,' said Lostwithiel, establishing himself with his cup and saucer upon the other side of the hearth. ' Sho knoweall tho old stories, and alio has a better momory than I.' 'I should like so much to do noxt summer, when my husband can come with me.' ' I'm afraid Major Disney won't oue much about tho old place. He is a native of theso parts, and-must havo boen bore often in my father's time. I shall hope to receive you both, if I am here next Ootober for the Bhooting — but there is no need to relegate your inspeotion of tho house to a remote future. Come on the first fine morniug that you havo nothiug better to do. Mrs. Mayne is always at home, and as I am always out of doors in the morning you can have the house to yourselves and talk about ghoste to your hearts' content.' ' Oh, my lord, I hope I know better than to say anything disrespectful of the house,' protested Mrs. Mayne. ' My dear Mayne, a family ghost is as respectable an institution as a family tree.' Isola murmured some vague acknow ledgment of his civility. She was far too shy to have any idea of taking advan tage of his offer. To re-entor that house alone of her own accord would be im possible. By-and-by, with her husband at her sido, she would ho bold enough to do anything, to accept any hospitality that Lostwithiel might be moved to offer. He would invite Martin, perhaps, for the Bhooting, or to a luncheon, or to u dinner. She wondered vaguely if she would ever possess a gown good enough to wear at a dinner party in such u house. After this there came a brief silence. Mrs. Mayne stood straight and prim behind the tea table. Nothing would have in duced her to sit in his lordship's presence, albeit she had handled him in her arms when there was much less of him than of the cambric and fine flannel whioh com posed his raiment, and albeit bis easy familiarity might have invited some forgetfulnoBi; of onRte distinctions. Mrs. Mayne fully' understood that she was wanted there to set the Btrangev at lior ease, and she performed her mission ; hut even her presonoe could not reliovo Isola's shyness. Sho. felt like a bird caught in a net, or fluttering in the grasp of some strong but kindly hand. She sat listening for carriage wheels, and -only hearing the dull thumping of lier own snored heart. And yet he was so kind, and yet he so fully realised .her idea of high-bred gentleness, that she need hardly have been so troubled by the situation. She stole a glance at him as lie stood by the chimnoy-pieoB, in a thoughtful attitude, looking down at the burning logs on the massive old andirons. The firelight shining on a face above it will often give a sinister look to the oponest countenance; and to-night Lostwitniel's long, narrow face, dark deep-set eyes and pointed heard had some touch of tho diabolical in that red and uncertain glow ; an effect that was hut instantaneous, for as the light ohanged tho look passed, and she saw him as ho really was, with his pale and somewhat sunken cheeks, ®od eyes darkly grave, of exceeding gentleness. ' Have you lived long at the Angler's Nest, Mrs. DiBney ?' he asked, at last, . 'Nearly a year and a half; ever since my marriage, with just one intorval in the south of Franco, before Martin went to India.' 'Then I need not ask if you are heartily siok of the pluoe ?' ' Indeed, I should not be tired of the cottage 'or tho neighbourhood if my hus band were at home. I am only tired of solitude. Ho wants me send for his sister —a girl who is just leaving sohool — to keep mo company ; but I dotost sohool girls, and I would much rnthor be alone thun endure a perpetual tete-a-tete of that kind.' ' You aro wise beyond your yours, Mrs. Disney. Avoid the sister, by all moans. She would bore you to death — a scampering, exuberant girl, who would develop hysteria aftor one month of Trelasco dulnoss. Isolu'sighed and shook her head rather dolefully, tracing tho pattern of the Persian rug with the point of her stiok. 'I am very fond of books, and of music,' she said; 'but one gets tired of being atone aftor a time. It seems such ages since Martin and I suid good-bye in Vcnios. I was dreadfully unhappy at first. I stand almost alone in the world.'when I am parted from him.' ' Yonr father and mother are dead?' in gentlest inquiry. ' Oh, no ; they are not dead ; they are at Dinan,' sho said, almost as if it were tho same thing. ' And that is very far from Trolasoo.' VL'hoy never leave Diaan. The kind of life suits them. Mamma knits ; papa has his club mid his Eaglieh newspapers. People enjoy the English newspapers so much more when they .live abroad than when they are at heme. Mamma is a very bad sailer. It would bo a risk for her to cross. If my sister or I were dangerously ill, tnawma would come. Bat it would be at tho hazard of her life. Papa haB of ton told mo so.' ' ; ' And your father, is he a bad sailer ?' , ' Ho is rather worse than mamma,' ' Then I conclude you were marriod at Dinan?'. ' Oh, yea ; I never left Brittany until toy wedding day.' - ' What a pretty idea. It is ha if Major Disney had, found a new kind of .wild flower in some nook or cranny of that old gray wall that guards the town.'' ' You know Dinan?' - > . . ' There are Very few places witliiii easy reaoli of n yaohtsmnn that I don't know, I have anchored iu almost every bay between Cherbourg and Brest, una have rambled inland wherever there was any thing worth seeing within a day's journoy from the coast. Yos, I know Dinan well, Strango to think that I may have passed you in the street there. Do you eketoh, by the way?' v 'A little." . Ah, then, perhaps you are one of the young ladies I have seen sitting at street corners or under archways, doing" fearful end wonderful thinge with a box of moiBt colours and i drawing board.' ' : ' The young ladies whb' sit about the streets are tourists,', said Jaola, .with a look of disgust. . ' I understand. The resident ladies would no more do such things than they would sit upon the pnvenlent and make pictures of salmon or men-of-war in coloured chalk, like our metropolitan ertiRts.' ' Lthink I hear a carriage,' said Isola, putting down her cup and saucer and looking at her jaoket, which Mrs. Mayne was holding before the fire. ' Yos, that is .the carnage,' answered Lostwithiel, opening the glass door. ' "What a mght. The rain is just as bad as it was when I brought you indoors.' ' If you will accept the Use of a shawl, ma'am, it would he safer than putting on this damp jacket.' ' Yos, Mayne, pot your shawl. Mrs. Disney will wear it, I know.' The housekeeper bustled out, und Lost withiel and his guest were alone, looking lit caoh other somewhat helplessly, as they stood fur apart, she in tho glow of the hearth, ho in the darkness near the door, and feeling that every available subject ot conversation ha! been ex hausted. Their embarrassment was in creasing when Dalton und a footman came in with two great shining lamps, und flooded the room with light. ' I hardly know how to thank you for having taken so much trouble about me,' Isola ' faltered presontly, under that necessity tofcay something which is one of tho miirkssoE- shy ness. . 'There has bcon no trouble. I only liopo I -got.yoh p\it of that pelting ram in time to save ytfil from any evil conse quences. Strange that our acquumtanoe should begin— in euoh an accidental manner. - I Shall ho very glad to know more of Major DiBnoy when he comes home, and in the meantime I hope I shall havo tho pleasure of meeting you some times. No doubt you know everybody in the neighbourhood, so we can hardly help running against each other some where.' l'Bola smiled faintly, thinking that tho chances of any such meeting were of the slightest ; hut sho _ did not gainsay him. He wanted to sav something courteous no doubt, and had gone into no nice question of probabilities before ho spoke. She hud heard him described by a good muuy people, who had hinted darkly at his shortcomings, but all had agreed as. to liis politeness and persuasive powers. ' A man who would tulk over Satan himBolf,' said the village lawyer. Mrs. Mayne appeared with a comfort able shepherd's plnid shawl, whioh she wrapped carefully about Mrs. Disney, in a pleasant, motherly fashion. The rain had all been shaken off the little felt hat, whioh had no feathers or frippery to spoil. People who live in the West of England make their account with wet weather. Lord Lostwithiel handed bis guest into the carriage, and stood bareheaded in the rain to wish lier goodbye before he shut the door. ' I shall ho very anxious to know that yon have escaped oold,' he said, at the last moment. ' I hope you won't think me a nuisance if I call to-morrow to inquire.' He shut the door qiiiokly, and the brougham drove off before she could answer. She was alone in the darkness in the snug, warm little carriage. There was a clock tioking beside hor, a sound that sturtlod her in the darkness. There was n basket hanging in front of her, and an odour of cigars and Russian leather. There was a black bear tug, lined with softest cloth, whioh almost filled tho carriage. Sho had never sat in Buoh a carriage. How different from the mouldy old Clarence in which Bhe occasionally went to dinner parties— a capacious vehicle with a how window tike a seaside parlour. She leant back iu a corner of the little carriage;- wrapped in the soft and shaggy rug wondering at her strange adventure. She had penetrated that mysterious house on Black Fir Hill, and sho had ihado the acquaintance of Lord Lostwithiel. How much she would have to toll Martin in hor next letter. Sho wrote to him every wook — a long loving letter, closely written on thin, glazed paper, pouring out all her fancies und feelings to the husbaud she loved with all her heart. She sighed as her thought recurred to the letter she received to-day. Six months, or perhaps even a year before he was to come book to her ! Yet the letter had not been without hopefulness. He had the prospect of getting his next step before that yoar was aver, and then his coming home would be a final return. He would be able to retire,' and ho would buy somo land — a hundred acres or so — and breed horses — one of his youthful dreams — and do a little building, perhaps to enlarge and beautify the Angler's Nest, and his Isola . shonld have a pair of ponies and a good saddle horsel'-Ho looked forward to a life of unalloyed happiness. to ee OOKTOnjr.d next monday. 