[?] AMD arcaT MOUU. CHAPTER XIII. — (Continued,) Sharp and ringing the denial had come, with a defiance in it far fiercer than was needed to sttbdue Mrs Carry!. It was succeeded bv a cause, broken nnW W sound of Mrs Carryl's feeble sobs, and then Valentine said in a quick, excited voioe : " Dora anyone else think this ? My step father?' "Yes," murmured Mrs Carryl tearfully. " Oh, don't be vexed, Valentine 1 What else could anyone think V The handle of the fire-screen snapped suddenly in Valentine's fingers. She threw the pieces fiercely from her, and began to walk up and down the room with impetuous steps, her face alight and working with ex citement. "I'm very sorry, Valentine!" wept Mrs Carryl. At that most inopportune moment the door opened with no warning sound of footsteps on tne sof tly carpeted landing outside, and the footman announced : " Mr Scudamore !" And Mr Scudamore followed his name so promptly, that Mrs Carryl had barely time to flee by the door at the other end of the double drawing room before his burly presence was in the room. At the fifst sound of the footman's announcement Valentine stepped abruptly in ler walk, jand a strange wave of color rushed over her face. It passed, and left her eyes flash in or still, bnt with a licrhf. nf Bnrlon — Q J » VA U resolution. She turned quickly and met Mr Saudamore with her hand outstretched, and her sweetest smile. " I am so glad to see you," she said graciously. " Have yon come to see me or my stepfather ? I'm afraid he is out, hut if I shall do " she broke off with an irre sistible smile and pointed carelessly to a seat. Mr Scudamore had made bis appearance with a boisterous appearance of ease, which was sug festive of distinct want of ease. A shade of anxiety, almost amounting to ner vousness, had been visible in his rough features. For a moment the reception ac corded to him seemed to place him completely at a loss, and his greeting, as he shook hands with an enthusiasm hardly compatible with a second meeting in one day, was more or less incoherent. Then he seated himself, awk wardly enough, in the chair pointed out to him. t( I'm awfully glad to find you like this, Miss Clinton," he said brusquely. " I was afraid I'd offended you." Valentine laughed gently, and sat down. Her cheeks were very flushed. " I'm afraid I was cross," she said graciously. "I hope I wasn't very rude? I'm so sorry." " You weren't cross, ' was Soudamore's prompt, if somewhat rough, disclaimer. "Ana I'd do with you a great deal ruder to have you — to have you like this after wards." "You see, I'm rather spoilt," said Valen tine, smiling at him, and apparently hardly hearing his words. " I have always had my own way — and I like it." " Why, of coarse ; you would, you know," assented Sendamore eagerly. You're the kind of girl who ought to have her own way." His countenance by tMq time was positively radiant. Perhaps it was the effect of reaction from the uncertainty In which he had entered the room; or perhaps it was the sense of contrast between her past inood and the mood in which she now met him, but something seemed to create in him a kind of excitement and elation. He paused a moment, and then leant suddenly forward, his face very red and eager. " Miss Clinton," he began, "I've got something to say to yon." The color died suddenly out of V alentine's face, her very Hps whitened, and she rose impulsively and rang the bell. " We'll have some tea," she said breath lessly. "And Mrs Carry 1 will like to see you. I'll send for her." CHAPTER XIV - — An Unexpected Meet ing. A week passed by. The last days of Jan- nary ran out in alternations of fog and rain, and the first of February brought with it uncertain gleams of sunshine, that seemed by contrast like a promise of spring itself. Mrs Carryl's temporary insanity — her con- ducVin daring Valentine s displeasure seemed to her, as she looked baok on it, nothing less — was never alluded to. Its superficial effects were traceable in the deprecating timidity of the culprit's manner, and in a slight coldness in Valentine's manner towards her. But to everyone else Valentine w as unus ually sweet and gracious during that week. She was veiy bright, and very Bght hearted, even a little unnaturally so. For Mr Saudamore she had always her most oharming smile, and he basked in that \- smile as if It were to him the rays of the sun. .. Only she avoided being left alone withhim, s sometimes seeming to rebel against the idea almost involuntarily. It was part of the excitability which had become characteristic of her, that on the morning of the first of. February she came down to breatfajstfull of enthusiasm on the subject of Geoffrey's birthday. It was a subject that bad dropped somewhat but of sight in the newer and originally apparently temporary interest of Mr Sendamore. Geof- frey, himself , however, having had very little interest in Mr Scudamore's society, had had more leisure to give to the consideration of his own future. The first sign of Valentine's interest that morning was quite enough to draw him into eager and confidential talk. Directly after breakfast be followed Valen tine into her morning-room, and established himself so that he could look up info her free as she sat at her writing-table. And meeting his eager, anxious eyes, Valentine laid down her pen. . It was nearly half -past eleven; they nad been talking for more than an hoar. Geoffrey had set forth his plans with a manliness and thoughtfulness new to him, and born of the sense of responsibility which had gradually grown up in him ; and Valentine, as he talked, had lest something of her rest less brightness, and, as she grew more sym pathetic, had grown graver and gentler. She had discussed his ideas with him, had drawn him out to enlarge upon all his theories, and at last the subject was practi- cally exhausted, and a silence ensned. It was broken by Geoffrey. He threw himself luxuriously back against the sofa, clasped his hands behind his head, and said contentedly : " This is- like old times, Val." She started slightly, and turned her faoe towards him with a vague smile as he went on, boyishly : " We haven't had a morning like this for ages, have we ? It's most awfully jolly !" The room in which they were was at the front of the house, and from where she sat Valentine could see into the street below. She was gazing down with dreamy eyes when, quite suddenly, she started; a hot color rushed over her face, and she rose and rang the bell peremptorily. Taken by surprise Geoffrey looked at her enquiringly as she stood waiting for the servant's appear anoe, bat sbe did not speak until her summons was answered. "I am not at home," sbe said; then im periously, " Not at home to any one, mind !" A fitful gleam of sunshine was lighting up the street, and underneath the windows its watery rays fell on two horses, one of which carried a groom, while from the other a large < red - moustaohed figure was dismounting. 1 The servant left the room, and Valentine turned once more to Geoffrey, her cheeks flushed, her eyes shining. " I think I muse go out, Geoff," she said abruptly. "It's a shame to waste the sun shine, and I want to see about your birthday present." " I'm. coming with you, then," he said, starting up with a laugh. " Coining to see what it is, Val 2" " Coming with me 1" she returned, laugh ing rather excitedly. " You'll do no suoh thing, sir I I'm going alone. Good-bye- till we meet again- I don't quite know when that will be. I shan't be at home to lunch, and I'm engaged ail the afternoon ; and then your 're going oat to dinner, aren't yon ? Bat till whenever it is — good-bye !" And with a gay little gesture of farewell she disappeared. one spent neany an aour in a round ox shopping, throwing herself into her occupa tion with a feverish energy and excitement. And, when, at the mid oi that time, she gave her coachman the order to drive to one of the large jewellers in Regent street, there were tired lines about the pretty, spirited mouth. She ordered the set of studs ' whioh was to be her birthday present to Geoffrey, and tinned to leave the shop. She had just passed out on to the pavement when suddenly she stopped short ; stopped as though she had been transfixed where she stood, her face quite white, her eyes fixed on the approaching figure of a man. It' was Kenneth Gaunt. He was coming along rapidly, inftVinp neither to thS right nor the left, and he did not see her. He was in the hot of passing her, still not seeingher, when she moved forward impulsively and held oat her hand. " How doyou do ?" she said in a low, quick voioe. With a start so vhfieut that he almost seemed to exclaim, though no word passed | his lips, Kenneth Gaunt stopped snort abruptly andatarod into the white face before j Aim as though he were looking at a ghost. 1 For that one moment -every drop of blood seemed to recede from bis face. Then it | camesiowly backagain, a deep sullen red, j and he took the hand held out to him, j almost reluctantly. _ 11 How do you do, Miss Clinton? said, j and he said it ungraoiously enough . j Having ghwken hands he made a movement < as if to pass on, but Valentine stopped him. ! Her eyes were fixed upon bis face ; they had j grown wide and pitiful, and her lips trembled as she spoke. Kenneth Gaunt's appearance was greatly changed since the days when he had gone about at Templecombe a prosperous and well young man. It was not strange that be should show no signs of desiring to prolong an interview with anyone who had known him then. He was shabbily dressed, and he was keenly conscious as he stood before Miss Clinton of the deficiencies of his appearance ; but his face told far more than did his worn coat. It was the face of a man who had passed through the cruellest process to which youth and hope can be subjected ; that process of continual failure and disappointment which makes thote two hard elements of human lite sAcm normal and inevitable. The features were haggard and sharpened ; the mouth was set into a sullen endurance, and the eyes held a fierce bitterness. All that air of well-being, which had been such a conspicuous feature with him, had disap- j peared. " I — I am very glad to see you," said j Valentine, faltering in most unusual fashion. Then drawing np her head with a stately movement, which was an outward sign of the effort with which she mastered herself, she went on with that dignity with which a woman covers so much, not only from others, but from herself . "Are you living in London now T " Yes," answered Kenneth, curtly, " at present." His eyes were fixed on her now with a longing gaze in them of which Valentine only saw the bitterness, and she said, with something of an effort : " Will you tell me what you are doing?' Kenneth laughed harshly. " It's easily told," he said, bitterly. " Nothing, Miss Clinton." " Have you done nothing since " " Nothing," he returned. " There doesn't appear to be any demand, even in London, for doubifol characters. I imagine the ! market is overstocked.'' j "Oh, don't i" cried Valentine. "Don't!" He had lifted his hat, and moved to leave her, bat her words arrested him perforce. He turned his worn young faoe to her once more and paused. j "I beg your pardon, Miss Clinton," he said, gently. " You were always more than just td me, and it was an abominable thing to say to you. May I put you into your ! carriage?" Valentine made no answer. Her fingers closed on a little parcel that she held so tightly that its contents were crushed and spoiled. She turned and walked mechani cally to her brougham, got in, and allowed Kenneth to close the door for her. Then he shook hands with-her in silence and the carriage drove off. And Valentine leant brok in her place, her face set and proud; oblivions of the noise of Regent street, oblivious of the fine, drizzling rain that was beginning to fall, saying to herself, again and again : " I am'just to him ; only just to him." CHAPTER XV. — Mb. Scudaxobe is Accepted. It was seven o'olock in the evening, and Valentine was standing in the morning-room. It still wanted more than half an hoor to dinner-time, but Valentine was dressed, and rather magnificently dressed, for she was going later with Mrs Garryl to a large "at home" at a very smart house. ; The magnifioenoe suited her stately young figure to perfection ; the way in whioh her hair . was dressed seemed to aooentuate the curve of her neck, and the jewels in it seemed the j natural setting for the proud, delicate faoe. 1 It was a very prond face, this evening and very pale, and her pose,, as she stood with one small foot on the fender, was defiant in its haughtiness. She was apparently waiting, for she tamed expeotantiy when the door opened and Mark Dormant .came In. He was also in evening dress. He and Geoffrey were going together to dine with a friend — a Mr Everett, in Hyde Park Gar dens. . " You wanted to speak to me, Queen Val," he said.: ' I have finished drestfng. with all Boeed accordingly ; for we must be off in about ten minutes," . " Thank you," she answered. « Yea Ta want to speak to yon, please." ' Q0 Her manner was rather unusual ghftv - tte door-bat was rather distant. 119 He glanced at her, and then quietly for her to speak. | Without any circumlocution she began at onoe, her voice firm and unhesitating "I want to speak to you about ttr Gaunt " she said. "I am vey sorry to give you pai —perhaps I thought more of that than of justice— but something must be done !" She spoke with a calmness too lotto fn. perfect reality, and Mark Dormant lfetenoj with bis eyes on her face, a quick flash lean ing into them on her first words, to be m j stantly subdued into a deeper gravity. There j was an instant's pause as she stopped and I then before he answered her he averted hS j eyes from her face. And as he did so the j faintest tinge of color touched Valentine's I pale cheeks. j "lam afraid I must ask you to explain" 1 he said gently. " ¥ Gwurt'sprospfccts life have been utterly rained while he was in my service I myself, by a most unfortunate chain of eir' cumstances, played a large part in brinrin« | about a ruin founded on injustice andmis. 1 take. It is my duty, from every point of j view, to sec that something is done to make 1 amends.'' | She paused, bnt Mark Dorrisant did not rik. He was gazing steadily down at fire, his handsome faoe very grave. And I Valentine, touched by his silence, went on affectionately " Pater," ehe said, " I know you only did what you thought right. I can't bear to op. pose you. But you can't prove his guilt any more than I can prove — than his innooeni can be proved, and is it just that a man's life should be spoilt on such terms ?'' I She paused abruptly, and Dorrisant lifted j his eyes and looked at her. The color deepened in her cheeks; her face, which I had softened into pleading as she spoke set itself into prouder Hues than before, and 1 she went on : "I have spoken to you about it because I want you to see Mr Gaunt and find out how j we can help him. He can get nothing to j do. That is our fault, and something must J be done I" I Dorrisant looked at her again, j " Have you seen him ?" he said quickly. J Valentine stretched out one beautiful bare | arm and clasped her fan as it lay on the j mantelpiece. The white fingers Ehook, but it was with no gentle emotion. Her eyes were blazing. I " I met him to-dav in Recent Ktrwrt i" cto said hanghtily. Mark Dorrisant turned away, as if with an impulse of most delicate consideration, and looked at her no more. The color in her cheeks became a burning crimson ; then it ebbed away and left her face quite white. Looking straight at him, and seeming to keep herself still by an intense effort of which the strain of that ontstreched arm was an outward sign, she said : " I cannot tell you where he lives, but yon ; will be able to find him, of coarse ! Will i you go to him, please, and see what can be done?" I Mark Dorrisant turned, and took her hand with gentle foroe into both his | own. " I would do anything to please yon, I Valentine !" he said, gravely. " Bat there are more reasons than one why I cannot do | that." He released her hand and turned towards the door. Valentine made no effort to de tain him ; apparently all her force was ab sorbed in the turn alt of passionate sensation with whioh her white face was eloquent— outraged pride, wounded self respect, pas sionate denial — for she stood there perfectly motionless. A few moments passed and then the sound of Geoffrey's voice, as he answered Mark Dorrisant's call, followed instantly by the closing sound of the street door, as the two set out for their dinner-party together, all fell cu Valentine's ears clearly, bat with out making any impression on her conscious, ness. The dinner-bell rang at last. Valentine roused herself, crossed the room with a strange expression on her face, and went downstairs. , Aff through dinner she hardly spoke, and that absorbed expression never altered ; MfS Carryl, after receiving several monosyllable answers, decided feebly that " "Valentine was angry about something." The expres sion was on her pale faoe still, when she was received by her hostess, some two hours later, and passed on into a crowded drawing room. " How do you do, Miss Clinton ?" The speaker was Mr Soudamore, presenting an imposing array of white start-front to tne publio gaze, and as she turned with a start at the round of his voice, Valentines faoe changed for the first time, and a kg came into her eyes. " How do you do ?" she said, holding?06 her hand eagerly, and smiling at bun. " What a hot room, isn't it ? Have y on M® here long ?" Valentine had herself introduced Mr Scuda more to their hostess, so his presence com have been no surprise to her. Nevertnel«»» there was a certain excitement about nar only attributable to some sudden emk . Scudamore looked at her shining ayes wi his own full of admiration, and then ss apparently as a daring and hopeless expen znent: u, " Let us wo on Into the conservatory ; ® ever so much cooler there." , . She hesitated an instant, then she turn to him wtth a quick movement. . . y. "Yes, Mr Scudamore," she said, /' I the conservatory sounds very attractive. She turned as she spoke and walked a 7 by his side, her eyes brighter than ever, progress through the room web nirs busmen, since she had to exchangagree, with acquaintances at every step; pursued her way steadfiy, never > a herself to get separated from the figure which followed her with doggo® mstenov. and in the course of ... iJ reached the curtained which into the conservatory, wad throug could be seen a vista of tell and ferns, occupied byonly dozen ' figures- Without -j the pease or hesitation Valentine cross®4 First pobiiBked iii connection withj All the Year Bonna." . . UIT 18 4 YES,"' VALENTINE SAID, IN A LOW VOICE. | There was wo one whom Itoew in eight, and she and Scudamore ?L«rftoUoaUyftIone. t _ ; fsopoose we tit down ? be iraggested. \ tiia voice was uneven as though with some ' fljaual excitement, and his florid i«oo was Xtwonld be rather nice," asa cntod Valen- There was a touch of excitement about v r too and the ribbon of her ian was JSted tightly round her fingers. At the SJlher end of the conservatory there was a Sat behind a huge mass of palms. Towards Sis Scudamore moved, and she movedby his Me the light on her face growing more Tfi&nt;— eelf -defiant,- it seemed. She sat Sown, Soudamore seated himself beside her, Mid there was a silence. She made no at tempt to break it, and at last Soudamore cflid abruptly . <i Jdtes Clinton, I don't suppose there's _need for me to i>6at about the bush much, Mid I'm not likely to get a better opportunity than this. I set my mind on having you for mv wife the first moment that I saw you," He paused, and then added brusquely, with afieroe passion in his rough voice : 41 Is it he 4 yes' or 4 no ?"' Almost before the words were uttered, Valentine turned to him, her face as white as (he feathers of her fan, and held out her Slt is 1 yea', " she said, in a low voioe. Then as be made a rough movement as if to draw' her to him, she rose with a strange, strangled laugh. <( i think — not here ! she said. There had been a strange ring of triumph her laugh, and the same triumph was -leaming in her eyes as she and Soudamore passed back into the drawing room together. CHAPTER XVI. — Ma Geoffeby is Fob- gotten. jfr Soudamore was resplendently dressed, in his usual florid taste, when he stood on the doorstep of the house in Bruton street on the following morning. He carried a large bouquet, and he had, apparently, a smaller and more precious object in his waistcoat pocket, for he was in the act of feeling therein for the third time when the door was opened to him. Mr Soudamore and the bouquet were shown into the empty drawiag room, ana, leit aione, ne waiKea absently across the room, to where a large colored photograph of Valen tine 6tood upon a table, and stood star ing at it, and fingering that small object in his waistcoat pocket. There was a curious mixture of expressions in his face this morn ing. Hie triumph and satisfaction of an accepted suitor were there, roughly enough written on his rough features ; but beneath there was a ehamsfaced uneasiness that was almost compunction. He had not been alone for many seconds when the door opened quickly. Soudamore looked np as quiokly. But it was not Valentine who entered; it was Mark Dorrisant. It was suggestive of a complete under standing of some sort between Mark Dorri- sant and his old friend, that neither attempted to shake hands. Scudamore turned sharply round where he stood, and contented himself with a nod. Dorrisant dispensed with any salutation at all. "Well," he_said, 44 it's through.' The words in themselves were extraordi narily curt, but even their form was not so utterly unlike the Mark Dorrisant his step daughter knev as was the tone in which they were spoken ; it was hard, matter- of-fact, entirely unsympathetic, and his face was, like it, essentially hard and capable-looking. He was very pale, though and then was something about his eyes which, if it was not his usual expression — and it certainly was not - was not exactly consistent with the business like decision of his present look and manner. They were preoccupied and intent, and suggested that he was by no means concentrated on the matter in hand. Mr Scudamore, however, had apparently no attention to spare for any peculiarities shout his friend. He met Dorrisanfs eyes for a moment, and then he shifted 'his gaze restlessly and uncomfortably, and that shame- faced air increased distinctly. 11 Tea," he muttered, 44 I suppose so.". Dorrisanfs eyes seemed to concentrate themselves with a quick effort on the sjulen figure before him, and he eaid, sharply : "Are you not satisfied ?" The other man hesitated. " Oh, yes," he growled. " It's all right enough ; but I never felt what a brute I am before." Dorrisant laughed a cynical and most astonished laugh, and then that strange jotentness on something else came suddenly j»ok into his eye3 as a touch fell on the hanleof the door. It opened, and Valen ce stood on the threshold. And as Lis eyes , ner» Mark Dorrisant's face changed completely. . „hJ" he exclaimed tenderly, " here she Jalentine was very pale. She waswear- dark cloth frock, from which her bright ana delicate face stood out in dainty dfa- finri i " There were shadows about the wudy unflinching eyes, and there were in e« 8 aut her mouth which seemed Mysterious way to take away her st tmtiL. put out her left hand to her rSPJather as he came ud to her with little advanS?6 ge8tar9» awl then as Soudamore tirirti! enough, she gave him her simply: morning." smiled pleasantly, WtJ r> Ba» tf "Hike-off. Unfor- vifl Ye a business engagement which Sa ttl6p ?e out lttaoh- Yon won't m»9 ftl Ant I dare say." He paused, - and 'yftnrevv, Valentine gently to hie side. QtoFti xr Posen the beet fellow inthe world, WoBt A ' tenderly. " I think he Ikto M?erves luck, and I can't say more J?" to I've been telling fak" tarnea 6<J 3 61 8ently on the forehead, and hitod dently to shake handa with his .befc ' Mr Soudamore had tamed his nia modesty appsreatly hia eyen euoh detioata ringing of (TO be QOETZSrUXD,) V , 