CHAPTER nxT1. ebhe pereP sthathewuatrembling hat s co arce stand, and she lahim to achrcrc Ssank into the cushioned depths of the easy chair and lay with clsed eyes, Oe an weary and exhansted almost unto Mt Turfit stood and gazed at him in be fdete wo?er. What had changed him Ofiightfya She could not understand it. ihir.ly there was a slight sound outside at H itorti started wildly and stared in wt. it, for God's sake " he whispered, en.t toward the door, thinking she ld t the key to humor him, when Sef he could reach it it opened, and the postor ppearedupon the threshold, staring pit yes that seemed as if they would drop tir their sockets at the figure in the ljaw fell, hi swollen cheeks seemed to eand the purple flush on his face aded leaden, livid pallor. n ed heavily against the door-post, ui Tunit was fairly grasping for breath. "Two of them I" she muttered, in horrified Ali, woodering if she were not losing her ' otdead ! Jasper ejaculated, almost un 7usobsly, icy hands seeming all at once to Ri? breath came thick, his limbs seemed as he glad Did he even remember in this preme moment the agonies of remorse he?d suffered, the pangs of guilty fear that of at his soul - It atall! He only felt that the man sidentity he had stolen and whom he uPpned dead and busdme hadome backio take from him all that he had won by his wickedness, and he hated him more bitterly than Cain did Abel. Kenrick, too, seemed stunned with amaze. ment at first sight of his brother. " You here i" he exclaimed at last, in stern and bitter tones. "How is that ? How come you here? Where do you suppose I have been To prison in your place 1 Sleeping in a felon's cell that belonged to you I How is it ? Why are you here while I was there? I could never convince Captain Dunning that I was not Rick Halsey. He sneered and mocked at everything I said, and he swore that if I contrived to get away from prison every day in the year, just so often would he hunt me down and take me back. He is after me now; he may come into this house at any moment. What are you going to do about it? Which shall he take 1" Jasper was thinking fast. He glanced at the housekeeper and saw that she was com pletely confounded and bewildered. Every thing that Kenrick had said was to her as if he had spoken in an unknown tongue. " My dear boy," he exclaimed, suddenly, "Captain Dunning shan't have either of us -not you, at any rate. Come with me and let us talk it over. How tired you look ! Have you been ill?" He went and put his arm around Kenrick with an affectionate air. " Come I" he said, gently. At the same time he looked at Mrs Tarfit. behind his brother, and touching his fore head significantly, shook his head gloomily. Poor Kenrick had been through so much, and, however he had escaped from Captain Dunning, was still suffering from the effects of Doctor Varle's wicked drugs. His brain was very far from clear. He had suffered so much, been mocked at, jeered, and derided, that a kind word sank into his soul. He was so weak in body and mind that, after the first indignant outburst, his eyes filled with tears at his wicked brother's hyyocritical kindness and ,loving manner, and he let Jasper take him wherehe would. Jasper spoke to Mrs Turfit as they were going out. The hoasekeeper had scarcely moved since he made his appearance at the door. "Won't you bring us a lunch to my room ?" he said, graciously. "Our friend here seems faint. A few oysters, any cold meat, anything that comes handy, and a bottle of wine." "No wine for me!" Kenrick broke in, de cidedly. "You know how I hate it, don't you, Mrs 'Turfit 1 Bring me one of those delicious cups of tea you know so well how to brew. Many a one you have made for me." The housekeeper gave him a quick, excited look, and Jasper bit his lip savagely. "One to the bad," he thought. "Why couldn't I remember how odd he always was about wine 2" As he conducted Kenrick slowly along to his apartments he wondered, with a chilly thrill, what was meant about Captain Dunning. Could there be anything in it "How queer too" he thought, " that he says nothing about his wife I" Kenrick Prince asked after his mother, and Jasper evasively told him she was well, but he never mentioned Sibyl. his wife. He was quite clear that he had been in prison in his convict brother's place, but he could not tell how he got there. He remem bered nothing about the railway disaster, Doctor Varle, or his marriage. In short, something very queer seemed to have happened to his mem ry. It was partly the result of his injuries and partly Doctor Varle's drugs. Jasper was quick to see that something was wrong and to exult in it. It made what he meant to do just so much easier. " If I only knew certainly whether Dun ning has had him I" he mused, anxiously, his blood chilling at the very thought. " But 1 believe he only imagines that." Mrs Turfit came presently with the lunch he had ordered, and he could see by the way she looked at Kenrick that she was excited and suspicious. " How bothered she is I" he thought. "She can't make it out." As the housekeeper left the room, her nar row, pale eyebrows were contracted thought fully,and her thin lips compressed in an ex pression that meant mischief to somebody. S" Thank goodness he didn't ask for the keys 1" she said. as she turned her steps to ad the tower-reoms once more. " I am almost sure, myself," shemottered, with the same canning, wicked look, "though he is mightily changed. But here is somebody will know I" Sibyl Prince had not thought of retiring. The old gardener's looks haunted her. She had been walking about all the time, up and down, up and down, trying to calm and check the wild, strange thoughts that would sweep over her, but in vain. What was it the gardener had seen ? What had made him look at her in that white. puzzled way? Ghosts ? What ghost ? whose ghost The lovely eyes were burning bright, the sweet face flushed with the fever of thought that consumed her. At sight of Mrs Turfit's mean, malicious face, she stood still. her hands clasped tightly, outwardly calm, though deadly pale, while her heart beat fiercely against her side. The housekeeper was looking at her with the same expression, James Reese had worn. Mrs Turfit's thin lips parted in a slow, cold smile. "It is an utter impossibility for you to even guess what I am here for," she said, in a hateful and malicious voice, "and yet to look at you one would think you knew." Sibyl did not utter a word, but her looks showed that she was suffering. The housekeeper would have liked to tor tare her longer, but she was too impatient herself " Come with me 1" she said, going quickly out of the room. Sibyl clasped her hands upon her heaving bosom, and followed in silence. The woman went strasght back to the room in which she left the two men at their lunch. At the door she paused, looking strangely at SibyL From within came the sound of the two voices plainly-one so different from the other-though they could not distinguish a word. Sibyl's beautiful face was white as death. Her large eyes burned as with white flames. As she movel forward, Mrs Turfit shrank out of her way. Silyl put her hand upon thedoor. It was locked. She turned upon the housekeeper with a fierce and desperate gesture. The woman stared eacitedly. Then she almost ran down the passage to another door and tried it As it yielded to her hand, she whirled and caught Sibyl by the arm. "You can go through this, right into the room where they are," she said, hurriedly, pushing her a little and following quickly. as Sibyl darted to the door indicated and wrenched it open. Jasper Prince sat directly opposite. The glass of wine he was just lifting to his lips fell with a crash. There was only one face, in the whole wide world, he would not rather have seen at this moment than Sibyl's, and that was Captain John Dunning's. Kenrick's back was to the door. Hie had not seen his wife yet. There was one chance for Jasper to fling himself on Sibyl and thrust her out of the room, before her husband did see her. He leaped at her like a tiger. But, quicker still, she eluded him, flashed from his outstretched hands and fell almost faint. ing at Kenrick's feet. Then ensued a strange scene. Jasper stood glaring, longing, yet not daring, to tear the beautiful woman from that place, and drag her back to the tower rooms. Mrs Turfit had come into the apartment and was standing very near, but he had not seen her. " Look at your brother I" she whispered. " He don't know her." Jasper lifted his eyes to Kenriek's face, and a shiver of horrible exaltation ran through him. ' It's true I He has forgotten her, too I" he muttered, through his clenched teeth. The room was very still. Sibyl knelt, half embracing her husband, her lovely eyes fastened upon his handeome, haggard face with the strangest expression, surely, hat ever a woman's countenance wore. Her ashy lips moved over the words, " Not dead, not dead 7" just as Jasper had said, but no sound came from them. She was stricken dumb with awe and wonder. henrick sat like a statue. He might have been a stone, for all sign of recognition in the sad black eyes, that looked so strangely into those of his wife. Gradually the horror of it crept over her. The rapturous smile which had parted her soft lips at first, froze there. Into the sweet, white face came an agony of fear, incredulity and despair, beyond words. " Ken," she breathed at last, faintly " en I" 