? ? i»ocai & @©am©g@^ ? '?? Archbishop Murphy held a confirma tion service at St. Joseph's Church, Fingal, on Sunday last, the occasion of his first visit to the township. About 50 young people were confirmed, and after the service Mr John Stanfield, on.behalf of the Roman Catholics in the districts of Fingal, St. Mary's, and Mathiana, presented his veying the pleasure the parishioners felt at being able to welcome him on his first visit to those parts. The address also mentioned the gratification which the Roman Catholics tele at the success tne Arch bishop had met with . in obtaining priests for that portion of the diocese and for aiding the cause of religion generally. In conclusion, the members ot the church wished him a ' cead mille failbhe.' There were about 30 signatures attached to the document. His wrace repiiea, tnaniang aii present lor cne expressions of good will conveyed in the . address. He was highly, pleased with the reports lie had received from that part, and he felt great pleasure at being abJe to visit the district, and to ascertain that the members of his church were so unanimous in all their actions with one another. When in Italy recently the Pope in his interview with him had asked him to offer his blessing to all his flock in this distant and. Wilih reference to Ireland, he was Had to tell them that during his visit he gad noticed that country was in a much bettec condition than when he was there previously, and it was likely to be still better when Home Rule was granted. He also made a special reterence to the good state of the church there, which was due, no doubt, to their popular pastor, ^Father O'Regau. . ' ' Waratah Notes' writes: — Last ;Satur day we were fa\oured with a visit from the Burnie junior football team, who were accorded a hearty welcome, although ho special preparation was made for their entertainment. They arrived during a heavy downpour, but it did not affect their spirits, and when they took the field they played a good, uphill game, but were overmatched, the game ending in a vicbory rorcne local team oy tnree goals to ml. The goal-kicker3 were— A. Vaughan (2) and W. Penny.— A wedding, in which a well known landlady and an equally well- known resident were the chief parties interested, took place lately, and although an endea vour was made to keep the event a secret it leaked out, and the usual noisy demon stration took place. Special facilities for persons on the different lines of -railways attending Camp bell Town Show on the l4fcfa. are announced by. the General Man a gei of Government Railways. On the 13 Ch return tickets at single fares) will be issued to Campbell Town from all stations on the Main Line, Western, (via Evandale Junction), and Fingal (via Conara Junction), and by morning era ma on snow aay, avaiiaoie ror return until 15th insb. By the 8'30 a.m. train from Liunceston, day-trip tickets will be issued from all. stations ae far as Saake Banks at 53 ficst class, 33 second class. The return train leaves Campbvll Town at 5-25 p.m. On Mngal line visitors may travel to Campbell Town and back the same day by taking the 640 a.m. train from St. Mary's, which connects with the Main Line train afc Conara Junction. On the return journey they may leave Jamp bell Town at 5-25p.ua.; the branch line train at Conara Junction being detained riom 4dO p.m. until b p.m. to make the connection. Passengers travelling with sbock for the exhibition will be allowed return tickets at single fares one day earlier than stated above. Ou\b Barrington correspondent writes :-- An accident happened to Mrs John Tucks worth, of this township, on Friday after noon. It appears that the lady was driving a horse and buggy on her way home, accompanied by her daughter, and one of the children of her sister-in-law. Mrs Hancock, also a resident of Barrington, was driving a horse and trap at the rear. They drove for some miles in this position, but when near the residence of Mr Spur, an the Barrington road, the two vehicles collided, and that in which Mrs Tucksworth was seated was capsized, the occupants being thrown out. One. side of the buggy was smashed to pieces. Mrs Tucksworth and child were thrown near the horse's hind feet, and the former's arms, from the. elbows to the shoulders, were very much bruised, and her face scratched. The daughter managed to extricate herself from the wreck with the loss of a boot, ard secured the horse's head. When Mrs Tucksworth had risen and ? could hold the horse her daughter went to Mr Watts for assistance, which was promptly rendered. Mrs Tucksworth is progressing favourably, and it is believed will shortly recover. The daughter and child are well, but have not forgotten their ?pr.irrV.4- ? . A correspondent writes from Mel bourne : — ' The duty which Mr Thomas Smith, M.L.A., the chairman of directors of the Grand Coffee Palace Company Limited, had to perform at the annual, general meeting just held was a very pleasant one, because he was in a position to tell the shareholders that although the preceding year closed with a balance on the March 31 showed what must be regarded as a substantial profit, the greater portion of which had been expended in additions and replacements in the best interest of the hotel, 'thereby further adding to the comfort and attractions provided for the travelling public. The management of the hotel, Mr Smith went on to say, had been most efficient throughout the year. and the- expressions of satisfaction were general. The meeting, which was worked by a unanimity of feeling and absence of discussion, somewhat rare in these days of depression, when shareholders assemble, paid a high tribute to Mr A. F. Beker, the general manager, under whose recent con trol tne urana tiotei nas tasen tte toremost place in establishments of its class in Australia. The Bishop of Tasmania has placed on record (writes the Argus London correspon dent on April 28) his belief that the worst aspects of the Kanaka labour traffic are now' mere ancient history. As an impartial uuaet»Br wuu n»a visutsu musij ot tne islands in Melanesia from which the . labourers are drawn, he declares that he is justified in asserting that the age of brutality has passed, and that a batter era has dawned, a*-, any rate as far as Queens land and Fiji are concerned. He elaborates uiicbc riewa in an tvimjie in \\-aa J^aw j^eview, but says little that he has not already given expression to in the colonies. A correspondent writes:— A trial of double chilled ploughs took place on Wed nftsday at Mr W. Richardson's farm, Whitefoord Hills, and was witnessed by a large number of practical farmers, who seemed very pleased at the light draught and simplicity in construction- of the im plement; also the thorough, manner in which it pulverised the soil. A hillside plough was also tried, and : worked very satisfactorily. The trial was conducted by Mr J. W. Cheek, local representative of Messrs A. G. Webster and Son, Hobart. Our Burnie correspondent writes :— A painful and serious accident occurred on Tuesday afternoon to a boy aged about three years, the son of Mr Wm. Atkinson, of the Mooreville road. It appears that the little fellow clambered on a box arid obtained a flask of gunpowder from the' mantel shelf. He must then have thrown it into the fire, as a loud report was heard, and the house filled with smoke: 'Thp child had his hair singed off his head and his face and neck severely burned. It is int known yet to what extent the eyes are injured, as they are completely closed Tby the swelling. Front accounts to hand the little cufferer is doing i as .well as can be expected. . Much interest was naturally If elt in the proceedings of the ordinary meeting of the Fihgal Municipal Council after the atti tude the members took last month with regard to Mr Grueber. It will be remem bered that when Mr Grueber entered the chamber in May the other councillors left in a bo 3y. At Tuesday's meeting, however, the feeling was not so strongly adverse to their confrere, for after the pre liminaries had been gone ? through the Warden made a statement clearing him self and brother councillors of the imputa tion that he . had been instrumental in getting up the requisition asking Council lor Grueber to resign. , Councillor Grueber accepted the explanation, and the business of the meeting .was carried on uninter ruptedly, At the conclusion Councillor Grueber asked if he would be granted three months' leave of absence, and the Warden informed him that he would throw no obstacles in his way if he applied in due form. ? . '?-. , An interesting document' is on' view in the .office of Superintendent Mahony, Westbury, which clearly indicates the feeling which was manifested in local self government in that district bo far back as the early sixties. Thirty years ago the municipality was proclaimed, and no fewer than 16 gentlemen aspired to the honour of representing the burgesses at the first j general election. The ballot paper contain* ing the names of the candidates is the document referred to, and as a reference alone it is valuable, but it is prized more aa a relic showing the commencement of a long period of independent thoughts and actions in conducting the affairs of the district. The little piece of blue paper, or the tangible remains of a bygone time, is of historical interest, inasmuch as it presents a list of names of the prominent men of the day who were willing to relinquish much of their time in the laudable endeavour to advance the best interests of the township and its en vironments. Of the gentlemen wbo sought the suffrages of the ratepayers it is pleas ing to notice only two or. three are dead, and the others are all respected residents . of Tasmania. Some of them have removed to different parts of the colony, but every one of them are still remembered in the aiserict witn reelings or the kindliest nature. Those now living have all taken a more or less leading position in what has tended to improve the island in various ways. Among the list are the names of the present Warden (Councillor Daniel Burke, M.H.A..), Councillor John Millar,, Colonel Home, Mr Roddam H. Douglas, and several'others; who by patriotism and philanthropy have assisted in the gradual development of the country. A fine spectacle was witnessed , on the Sydney harbour on 29th ult., when both the old reformatorv shin Vernon and t.Iio hulk Golden South were in flames. The ▼easels lay at the north-eastern end of Kerosene Bay, and the fire illuminated the hills for miles around. The Vernon was 'recently purchased, by Mr Rae for the purpose of being broken up and saving the copper. He has lately been dismantling , her. end it was his' intention to haul the vessel into shallow water and then fire her as being the cheapest way of collecting the bolts. . The fire, however, broke out acci dentally at about 5 o'clock, and the ship was soonthoroughly alight. The Golden South, which has been used during the past 18 or 20 years as a coal hulk, recently changed hands, and the new owner inr tended to pursue the sam« line of action: with regard to h er as Mr Rae intended with the Vernon. The outbreak on the «-»uou uuuiu waouiuuieu to a uro lelD on board in. the rriorningj or to Bparki from the Vernon. . . In consequence of the recent arrival of aAv number of Austrians to work on the Auck land gum-fields (writes the Argus Dunedin correspondent), the labour organisations are urging the Government to pass a measure to exclude foreigners in indigent circumstances and prevent the introduction of persons under engagement. The Auck ?»'« i»i.c3OB ueuiarea mere is no jusmucaLlon for the outcry. The influx recently is Baid t« have arisen in this way. Some Austrian*' at work on the gum-fields sent their accumulations to Austria, and though the sum would not be considered large by a colonial workman it waB a large sum in a remote village in Austria, and naturally excited a desire among others to seek a ' similar fortune. One of the Austrians on the field won a prize of .£900 in an Aus tralian sweep. The news sent to Austria of this good fortune spread like wildfire, and the migration' which followed led to a few weeks ago. The Government has appointed a commission to inquire into tke whole matter. \ A remarkable occurrence took place lately (aays the Berlin correspondent of the Daily News) in the Zoological Gardens at Breslau. In the cage of the large snakes a South American boa constrictor con tended for a rabbit with a very large python from- West Africa.. Tf: rfiri Tint o,,^^--j however, the python being the stronger of. the two, and it withdrew. About two hours later the keeper found the same ^ snakes fighting for another rabbit. As the keeper supposed that the boa, which W3s the weaker of the two, would again give up its prey and left them to themselves ' and went home. The next morning he wa3 horror stricken to find that the un fortunate boa had Hot let go its hold, and had been swallowed by the python as a * ' pendant to the rabbit. The boa was nearly seven feet long and correspondingly thick Tho python had already swallowed one ^ rabbit before the one which proved fatal to the boa. Its circumference throughout - its length was from 23in to 28in. The sup position that the snake might perhaps not be able to digest the boa proved false' Digestion only proceeded somewhat Blower than usual. News has been received by the lasimail of the death m England of Mr Hugh Scott, ' one of the few remaining pioneers of the Western District of Victoria. Mr Scott who previously had held a commission in Canada and served in the rebellion there came to Tasmania in 1840; Ia the same ydar he took up; country in the Western District, where he eventually acquired the Jancourb estate, near Camperdown. Under Captain Fyans in 1841 he took the first census of the Portland Bay district, which then comprised the large area situated between the Werribee and the G-lenelg, and the Southern Ocean and the Gram pians. In 1851 he was at the Bathurat gold-fields, and is believed to have been the Arab to bring gold overland into Melbourne. For the last quarter of a century Mr Scott has lived in England. . . , TtiK London correspondent of the Argus in his letter of April 21 states that exag gerated ideas have obtained currency with regard to the degree of success attained by the Dundee Antarctic whaling fleet. Letters have been received from the fleet which indicate that so far as whaling proper was concerned the venture was a failure. Plenty of whales of the ' finner ' and ' hump backed ' kinds were sighted, but no black whales were seen, though the expedition cruised over the ground covered by Sir J. Ross's third voyage. The vessels were as far south as 65deg, and wesb as far as 57deg, but though they saw plenty of 'finners,' swordfish, and bottlenose whales, none of the Greenland sort were sighted. Old Arctic whalers, however, are not yet convinced that the 'right' whale may not 'be found in those waters. They are migra tory in their habite- and may have been absent at this particular Eeason. The ex pedition came acroas great numbers of hair seals of very large size, averaging 10ft long. They were found all over the ice, and much like the harp seal that is found in Greenland and Newfoundland. The vessels sighted the main southern pack, but appear to have returned to the Falk land Islands without mishap. There ia still a hope that the poplars in Prince's Square will be saved from de struction. Much more interest has been taken in the mattei t'ifin was' at firab anticipated, and beyond vae petition which has been forwarded to the Mayor to 'spare the trees,' the general public appear to have accepted the decree of the Council with a very bad grace. There is an evident desire on the part of the majority of those who have expressed an opinion that the matter will be further considered, and the Reserves Com mittee may possibly reverse the decision previously arrived at. It was stated at the Council table that when the public became aware of the fact that it. had been agreed to cut the poplars down there would-be an outcry; but, although __ Alder man Gilmore raised his voice against the recommendation of the committee and the Mayor sympathised with him, the Council declined to yield, and the fate of the trees was fixed. However, there appears to be a Btrong feeling in the city against 3the pro posal, and as there is really no necessity for immediate action it may be that the poplars, will be permitted to remain and weather many a future storm. . ??' The bark Royal Tar (states an ex change), which has been purchased by the committee of the ' New Australia' scheme, is expected to leave Sydney shortly with the first batch of 200 emigrants for Para guay, the seat of the new labour colony, In September or October 500, or possibly lOOO.more emigrants will be despatched, and arrangements are being made for a similar number in December. The first batch will consist of 40 married couples and 120 single men. On her second trip the Royal Tar will take married couples and single women. The promoters state that a great deal of discrimination has been exercised in selecting the colonists, preference being given to people from country districts, as being more likely than city residents to make the new colony a success. The first batch of' ' New Australians ' is said to include emigrants from all the colonies. An interesting presentation has been made to the Star Tent, I.O.R., by Mr A. R. Fowler, M.H.A. At the ordinary meeting of the lodge held last evening, the secre tary, Mr Jesse Lloyd, read a letter from Mr Fowler intimating that he was the pos sessor of the certificate of enrolment of the late Mr John Tevelein, who joined the. order on May 20, 1843, and if the lodge wished he would hand them the framed document. The offer was gratefully ac cepted, as the certificate will be prized as a memento of the, late Mr Tevelein, which has an additional value in being, it is stated, the first certificate of the kind ever issued in the colonies. _. ; ; A labourer, named Edward Kernson, met with a serious accident Monday. He was engaged at the Railway Wharf and was hauling a log, whenhe missed his footing and fell a distance of 14ft. He was severely shaken arid bruised by the fall, and Beveralofhisribs were broken. He was picked up and . conveyed to the hospital, where he was detained for treatment. John' Miller, aged 61, wh.0^ had fallen in one of the streets of the city on the previous night, and broken his lef b leg; was atao admitted, having been conveyed to the in stitution by the police. A shooting accident happened at Mathinna on Sunday. A man named David Street, a farm labourer, was spending the day in the bush, and, it is believed, overloaded his gun, for, on firing; the weapon :tburst; and his left hand was severely cut. He was bf'oughb into town and conveyed to the hospital, tfhe three men are doing well. More than two hours were spent Mon day at the meeting of the Evandale Muni cipal Council in discussing the proposed water scheme. There is evidently a good deal of indecision' as to whether the rate payers really want the water or not ; and there is an equally strong doubt in the minds of several of the Councillors. Two public 'meetings have been held, at one of which it was decided that steps should be taken to have water laid on, and that the Municipal Council should be constituted a water trust, which body should communi cate with the member for the district and request him to take the necesaary action fora bill, to be prepared for giving the trust statutory power to carry oub and maintain the waterworks. Bub at a subse quent public meeting a resolution adverse to the scheme was carried, the crux of the matter, of course, being the water rate. A majority of the ratepayers resid ing in the proposed water district, however, signed a document expressing a willingness to bear a rate not exceeding 2s in the pound, and that paper was laid on the table of the Council Monday. The Warden, relying on that, expressed his opinion that steps should be taken to bring the matter to a head by publishing in the (xazette for a month notification of the intention of the Council to borrow .£3000 for {the works, it being necessary to do that to fulfil the con ditions of the Local Bodies' Loans Act (45 Tic, No. 16.) This action was objected to by Councillor Cox, whose main argument was that the ratepayers having declared in public meeting that they would nob have the water, the Council should take no further steps until those immediately interested made-some practical and unmis takable movement to signify their desire for having the water laid on and willing ness to pay the rate necessary. He had two of the Councillors with him, but the Warden gave his casting vote in favour of proceeding with, the matter. A committee was appointed to consider the details, but on the motion of Mr Cox it was decided that no money should be spent until the consent of the Council had been given. Writing in the Speaker, Mr Poultnee, Bigelow says— On the occasion of the Czar of Russia's last visit to Copenhagen, he was driving through the streets at a time , when no one anticipated hiB presence, in ^cotnpauy with njis royal host. By reason of some 'momentary congestion ob' traffic, the royal carriage came to a standstill, and an English clergyman, who happened to be on the sidewalk at this moment, described the following scene to me :— ' When the carriage stopped, the Czar's face assume! the expression of a frighteend man ; he clutched the side of the carriage and sought to push himself as far as possible back into his seat, as though seeking to shelter him self from attack. I was strack by this man's frightened appearance and shrinking atti tude before I knew that it was the Russian Czar — in f act,I was there quite by accident, with no idea that he might pass that way. I have seen many cases of desperate fright in men and women, but never one so piteous as that of this Emperor.' Lord Gormanston, who is now sojourn ing for a time at his seat in Ireland pre paratory to taking up his gubernatorial dutieB in Tasmania, is a devout Roman Catholic, but he never allows denomina tional considerations to weigh in the dis charge of his public duties. The Roman Catholics of Georgetown, says Tallc, found this out soon after his Excellency's arrival at Demerara, and were a little disappointed that his patronage was not more largely bestowed upon those of hi3 own faith. At Hobart Lord Gormanston will be charmed with St. Mary's Cathedral, which is a beautiful and imposing structure, to which is attached a large and handsome convent dedicated to the Sacred Heart, and he will be pleaced to meet once more the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, who is the Catholic Archbishop of Tasmania. Both Lord and Lady G-ormanston, by-the-way, have been much concerned about their youngest boy, who met with an accident jusb before the 'Vice-regal party left Georgetown,which might have provedffatal. Climbing; a cherry ? tree, the little fellow was resting on one of the branches, when he sudddenly fell on to some railings, one of the spike3 of which entered the body just above the lungs. Medical aid wa immediately called, in, and the woun gradually healed, but the occasional pain reminds the boy of his narrow escape from a shocking dearth In the' tiuTretft nt* tuber of the Church News much .interesting reading matter is to befound. It is stated that the Bishop and Mrs Montgomery are coining north.- ' Mr William G-endera ha3 most kindly put his house in Launceston at their disposal, and they propose taking up their residence there on June 12, for a month or six weeks. The address will be ' Iona',' George-street, Launceston.' The experiment of holding the clerical meetings in the morning and afternoon, instead of afternoon and even ing, is to be tried in the Southern Arch deaconry, as some difficulty is being ex perienced by ma'ny clergymen in attend ing in the evenings owing to other engage ments. In the list of members of the Diocesan Council appointed to. assist the Bishop in connection with the preparations of the Church Congress the names of the Rev. K. 0. N. Kelly,Messrs H.R.Dumiresq, M.H. A,, A. North, and R. Kern: ode are in cluded. Tbe Right Rev. Francis Russell Dixon was enthroned as first Bishop of Tasmania ia S-.. David's Church, Hobart, on July 27, 1843, and it has been decided to hold a special festival service in St. David's on the 50bh anniver sary of the occasion next month. The Oatholic Standard, also to hand, contains several interesting articles dealing with church and Irish affairs, and additional par ticulars of the visitation of the Arch bishop of Hob'arb to various districts in the colony; The silver jubilee of the ordina tion of the Rev. John Feehan, of Oatlands. is referred to. We have to acknowledge a copy of the Review of Reviews from Messrs Robert A. Thompson and Co., of Mel bourne, sole agents for Australasia. Walch's Litcfari/ Intelligencer is also to hand. Our Branxholm correspondent writes:— There is so little to write about in the immediate vicinity that one has to go farther afield to geb anything sensational, the latest being the discovery of a skeleton on Mr Charles Krushka's property, on which an inquest is to be held at Moorina to-morrow. The said skeleton has evi dently been where found for some years, and as the oldest inhabitants fail to re member any one being lost in that part, of course there is a mystery connected with it.— Our respected medico, Dr. Rockett, had a narrow escape last night driving from Derby to Ringarooma, in company with Mr Morgan, insurance agent. When approaching fche Derby abattoirs the horse, evidently fancying it saw or 'smelt' some thing supernatural, perhaps the ' Black Creek Ghost' bounded into the bush and upset the buggy, throwing both occupants out, but fortunately a broken lamp and a slight shaking were the only unpleasant consequences, and they continued their journey without further mishap, and to night seem none the worse for their adven ture, but assert they ' won't travel with that brute again.' Of course this refers to the horse. The European Mail says that Lord Hope toun appears to have somewhat overdone the shirt-slce7e and slouch-hat trick during his recent tour in New Zealand. Of course, the weather was very hot when the Vic torian Governor passed through New Zealand, and it was a great temptation to him to fall into tbe bush fashion and ride in his shirt-sleeves, with his coat strapped on the saddle in front of him. But ib was, perhaps, a mistake to ride into the towns in this gear. This is what one of the Canterbury papers has to say about bis Excellency : — ' No doubt Lord Hope to un thinks this is the correct thing in this part of the world ; bub he may as well know that colonials would be better oleased to see his lordship maintaining the dignity of his position. We are democratic enough, in all conscience, but we do not like to see the representative of xhe Queen riding through the town in his fajirt-sleeves.' The reaultof the second series of colonial wool sales for this year, which have just closed (says the European Mail), is dis tinctly encouraging. Oub of the 346,000 bales catalogued only about 30,000 bales are held over for future realisation, and the prices obtained have been appreciably higher, the improvement ranging in some cases as high as Id and l$d per lb. At the present time, when Australia is beset with financial difficulties, this rise is of great importance to her. In South Africa colonistB will be able to pocket their profits without melancholy reflections as to coun terbalancing diadvantages in connection with their banking institutions. Theirs is bliss without alloy. 