THE MERCURY, HOBART: TUESDAY, OCT. 19, 1898, EPITOME OF NEWS Entries of exhibits for this year's S.T.A. and P. Society's show break the record. Trinity Schoolroom annual exhibition fixed for 1st and 2nd prox. Labour Reform League meeting at Ware street Schoolroom to-night at 8. Sanitary Inspector claims that the pan system of city has been improved. City Council yesterday decided by 5 to 3 to take a poll of citizens re increase of aldermen election of Mayor, and ward question. St. David's Literary Society final meeting this evening. Interesting papers announced. Songs and recitations, Customs returns for week ending October 7 Hobart, £2,923 13s. 10d, ; Launceston, £1,053 3s. 10d. Octoroon to-night at Theatre Royal. First time for many years by a professional company. One night only. Hobart Athletic Club complimentary benefit to Harry Miller postponed until Show Night. Tenders called by Public Works Department for bridges approaches (Bridgewater to Richmond.) Skating to-night ; ladies' night at the rink. City Band in attendance Carnival on Show Night. Entries for championship receivable until Monday. Moors and Spaniards still fighting in de- sultry fashion on the Morocco coast. Railway and road communication with Mashonaland is being expedited. Murdoch the cricketer returns to Australia per steamer Orient. Roberts has beaten Ives in their six days' billiard match. Police sergeant F. C. Derry shot himself on Saturday in the Russell-street Police Barracks, Melbourne. No cause assigned. The Hon. Mackenzie Bowell, Canadian Minister of Trade and Commerce, has arrived at Sydney. | Trade returns of the United Kingdom still show a falling off both in exports and imports. Ameer of Afghanistan says the visit of the British envoy proclaims to the world the friendship of his country and England. James Stanbury, the champion sculler, has arrived in Sydney, per steamer Warrimoo, from America. Buggy accident near Adelaide on Sunday. Deputy Postmaster Squires killed, and others injured. Barque Florence Treat, of Sydney, wrecked on Breaker Point, and twenty lives lost, including the captain, his wife, and four children. Times says success of New South Wales loan has resulted from restored public confidence in the provision made for a Sinking Fund to meet debt of colony. Weights issued yesterday for V.A.T.C. Hurdles and D First Steeplechase. Stamboul, 12st., and Riverton, 13st., have top weights respectively. Tub question which has arisen with regard to the Taxation Bill 1893 is a curious and novel one, and one which will not be settled, we think, without some trouble and a great deal of discussion. We have already called attention to some points in connection with it, but there still remains a great deal to be said on the nice constitutional questions that have been raised. To state the matter concisely, we may remind our readers of certain well-understood constitutional principles, which, however, are liable at times to be overlooked. In the first place, it is a well-understood rule that the Crown must ask for supplies, that is, as Mail puts it "The Crown in the first instance makes known to the Commons the second i ii-.' '. <>, " niary ñecosáítiea óítim Government." It is a rule, however, which is equally well established, that the Crown must not ask for more than it wants, and thiVrule is never broken. Again, as a consequence of the preceding principles, it is also a rule not to be broken, that the Parliament shall not vote to the Crown more than it asks for Mr. E. C. NowEtn says in his Parliamentary Handbook, which is an excellent compendium of the information on the subject, " the foundation of all parliamentary taxation is the necessity for the public service as declared by the Crown through its constitutional advisers." It is obvious that in these principles we have the means of judging of what ought to be done in a position like the present one in this colony in regard to taxation, if we mean to observe the wise rules, " discovered not devised," which regulate parliamentary action. The Governor on the 10th of August last sent down a message to the Assembly, in which he asked that certain increases in taxation should be made to meet the wants of the Crown. One of these additions was to the Land Tax, subject to certain exemp- tions which were duly set forth in the message. It was expressly stated that all persons whose property did not exceed one thousand pounds in value should only pay on one-half of the valuation of their property, and it was implied, of course, that a tax on the lines laid down would be sufficient to meet the requirements of the Crown for the time being. Now, it is not competent for the House to increase the amount which is asked for, though it may be reduced. This principle is also set forth by Mr. NewELL in his Handbook, which says, quoting from Todd, " no grant recommended, salary proposed, or item in the estimates can be increased, except upon the recommendation of the Crown." Hatsell says :-'' The committee may grant or refuse a supply, or may reduce the amount proposed, but have no other function." We need not, we suppose, multiply quotations, for the principle to which we refer is so well- established as to be very generally understood. We may say, then, that the action of the Parliament in the granting of supplies can- not go beyond the demand made in the message from the Crown, whether the way of so doing be an indirect or a direct ones The reason for this is very obvious to anyone who considers the constitutional aspect of supply, which is safeguarded in various ways to pre- vent- the Crown exercising an undue influence, or being given more by a subservient Parliament than is actually required for the service of the State. The fact that the salutary rules in regard to this subject have been broken at times in this colony, where some very strange things were done in days gone _ by, does not weaken the force of these rules, which must be observed when once they are understood. , \- How, then, does the question stand in regard to the Taxation Bill 1893 at the present time. The Council has struck out the exemption, and has left the Assembly to understand that it is expected to vote taxation on persons who are expressly exempted in the Governor's message, and to vote the Crown avery considerably larger sum of money than it has asked for from this particular tax. Now, we have pointed out that as the case stands, the Assembly cannot do this thing. It is not within its power constitutionally to go outside the Governor's message, and to increase the particular and the gross amount of taxation. This is the position which has been brought about by the action of the Council, which seeks indirectly to increase the taxation of the people, and which it is obvious, we think, that the Assembly cannot getoutof by merely as supposed, adding to the Bill what the Council is understood to desire. This is not, as we have shown, within its power, so that the Bill must be returned to the Council with the amendment disagreed with, or some way must be found out of the difficulty, if the Assembly is willing to accept the addition which is sought to be made to its Taxation Bill. The mode suggested is, to get another message from the Governor sent down, in which shall be included the exemptions, meeting the demand of the Crown for a tax all round. It is thought that such a message will enable the Assembly to omit the exemptions, and thus satisfy the desire of the Council to see the Land Tax made a uniform one. We believe that this method has found favour in the eyes of some of the Ministers, but there appear to be sundry reasons why it should not be adopted. In the first place, it may be doubted whether the Crown can recommend an alteration in a Taxation Bill which hasalreadybeen passed by the Assembly, which is the House charged primarily with the granting of supplies. We have never heard of such a thing, nor can we discover any instance in which such a thing has been done. Indeed, the position of the Crown would become somewhat ridiculous and inconsequential. It has asked for supplies in a certain way, on terms expressly laid down, and it has got them from the House to which it alone cal. send a message on such a subject, and it is now to request that House to undo what it has done and do something else, even though no change in the affairs of the colony is alleged. Such a message cannot, we think, be well asked for by Ministers, nor can we even so much as guess what sort of a reception it would meet with from the Assembly when it was sent down. This does not, we think, seem to be the proper way out of the difficulty, assuming that the Assembly will be willing to meet the wishes of the Council, which is not yet certain. The only available course, short of a new session, appears to be to lay the Bill aside, on the ground that the Council has made an amendment which may be regarded as an interference with the privileges of the Assembly. It will then be competent for the Ministry to get a new message from the Governor and introduce a new Bill, complying, as far as it may choose to comply with the wish of the Council. The objection has been taken that this would be dealing with the same subject twice in one session, but the Bill is not in the position of one that has been "rejects!. The practice of laying. Bilja aside, and tAle On 5.! Hji -J - I bringing ""in "new ones is quite well known to the House of Commons where many objections to accepting amendments from the Lords have been got over in this manner. The failure of water at Coolgardie, W. A., just at the time when such good returns were being obtained by the men on the field, is not looked upon as a knock-down blow by people in the colony, and the miners' attention is already being directed towards the Murchison, and other fields of the colony, where, it is said, they may at least make tucker until the arrival of better times. In the meantime it is promised that the work of tank and dam making, and of water boring will be proceeded with by the Government as fast as possible, and by the time next summer arrives there will be such achieve- ments in the way of conservation, if not also of discovery, as will prevent the necessity for another exodus from like o ones to those now prevailing. The discovery of water in Bayley's shaft is held to be a good omen by the explorers with the bore just as the announcement of the presence of the precious metal itself was hailed with delight by those in search of it, and it seems as if the present scarcity of the indispensable fluid is really only postponed, and that it is not by any means a drawback from which miners need always suffer. At the Murchison, it is said that not only are good wages being paid to capable men, but that the demand for them is increasing, and that in this place water I can be obtained at shallow depths, so that there is no likelihood of there being a water famine during the coming summer. All the fields are, however, of considerable distance from the nearest township, and it seems to be wisdom for men who were thinking of travelling in that direction to hold their hands for a while, as they may be met on arrival with news that they must not go to the fields for several weeks to come. The local papers say this in very plain terms, so that, though of the richness and wealth of recent discoveries there is no possible doubt, it would be folly to leave a certainty in another place in a hurry to seek after something which is at least for a time highly problematical as a source of permanent work. The magnanimity of South Australia towards our International Exhibition for '94-95 stands out in pleasing contrast to the cold shoulder given us by some of the other colonies a. New South Wales, for instance, under the regime of Sir George Dibbs, seems to have forgotten the almost necessity nowadays for recognising the principle of nobUtot oblige. The mother-colony has a magnificent display of her natural wealth at' Chicago, and why some of it could not be sent here at the close of tho Fair is difficult to understand. South Australia only asks to be informed what it can do to help, and it is to be done, , with one of the most prominent men of the day in Australia at the head of its committee. Mr. Chief Justice Way's promise to co-operate with his. fellow-colonists for the benefit of the Exhibition is characteristic of the man, and con- sonant with the liberal minded colony in whose affairs he plays so important a part. Possibly, the rolling by of the financial clouds The Victoria and New South Wales will alter the opinions of the authorities there as to the vah a of Exhibitions generally and the Hobart one in particular. The general election looming in the latter colony might result in a more sympathetic Ministry being in office shortly, And, at all events, efforts to secure the assistance of the two great continental colonies bIiouUI not be hastily abandoned. The proposals for temporary uses of the main buildings, which are now approaching Wjr/ipletion, submitted at yesterday's meeting of the directors, show that the officials intend to give the community every possible opportunity of making good use of the great institution which already foreshadows great things. Some of the aldermen of the City Council ill-concealed their hostility to the proposed reforms in the constitution of that body yesterday, at the meeting of the Council, Alderman Brassey's motion to take a poll of the ratepayers on three questions came as a bombshell. He proposed that A plebiscite be taken as to whether the city should be divided into wards, the number of aldermen increased from 9 to 12, and whether the Mayor should, in future, be elected by the citizens directly, the candidates to be nominated from among the elected aldermen. Alderman Crisp supported the motion, but some of the others saw all manner of objections to such an innovation, from the expense which it was imagined would be incurred in taking a poll to Alderman Seabrook's fear- that if the Mayor was to be elected by the' citizens, men with long purses but ill- qualified to discharge the duties of municipal government would be chosen. It appeared from his arguments that 'he has little confidence in the good judgment of his fellow-citizens, for he even talked of the dangers of bribery and corruption. The resolution was, however, carried by five to three, so the ratepayers will have an opportunity of getting into the Hobart Corpora- tion Bill, now before Parliament, some very important and desirable reforms in the direction of improving the calibre of the men to manage the municipal affairs of the metropolis, A public meeting of the citizens to discuss the whole matter before the poll is taken would be most desirable. The request to the Mayor to call such a meeting must come from the citizens themselves. The Political Situation There has been little advance in the political situation during the last 24 hours, unless the pro- babilities of a compromise being arrived at can be called an advance. The constitutional question, of course, still practically stands in the foreground, but outside this there seems to be a decided inclination to put the financial position of the colony first, and a crisis, if it can possibly be avoided, in every decided second place. The Premier is very emphatic on this point. He will not willingly be a party to allowing the session to lapse, either to formulate a constitutional crisis or to advance a dissolution, until he has seen the Treasurer successful in what lay nearest to his heart also-the determination to make both ends meet for 1894, especially if there is the slightest upward tendency' in the revenue. It is understood that the Premier does not look upon the action of the Council as being intended to bring about a crisis, or to enforce a dissolution. He thinks rather that members in that Chamber are acting honestly in striking out exemptions which they look upon as excessive, and, though he regrets their action in regard to the Income Tax Bill, he still thinks that Customs and land, with perhaps the £7.000 from probate, and £6,000 already saved in the departmental estimates, ought to pull the colony through. This, however, is only a personal way of looking at it, just as the treasurer and she Minister of Lands are in favours a dissolu- tion. ,Until;Ministort; are all In Hobart again, which will be in all probability to-day, there can be no Cabinet meeting and until there is a Cabinet there can be no decision, beyond what Ministers have already poetically agreed to, me., to take no "step until they know the full extent of the Council's action on the whole batch of the financial bills. The probate; duties und Land Tax Bills, 1894, have still to come before the Council, and will <$. so this afternoon, so that Ministers will be we plenty of time to make up their minds to what course they will pursue before the House of Assembly meets on Thursday afternoon. Show Day. -The public offices in Hobart I will be closed on Wednesday, the 18ÜHS»t.. the day fixed for the Southern TassjJEpun Agricultural and Pastoral Society's snow at New Town. The day has also been gazetted a public and bank holiday, I , tests. .? . Vice-Rkoal.-Hit Excellency the Governor, accompanied by his Private Secretary, will leave by the express train this morning for the purpose of attending the Longford Agricultural Show. They will be the guests of Mr. C. Youl, Symmons' Plains, and will return to the capital on Thursday. Lady Goimunstok.-Lady Gormanston and family have engaged passages by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Oceana, which is to leave London for Australia on the 13th inst. Her Ladyship was to have come to Hobart direct, but this arrangement has apparently been altered. She will probably reach Hobart by way of Melbourne about November 24. Federal Council Session On Thursday last the Premier (Hon. Henry Dobson) despatched a telegram to Mr. Patterson, Premier of Victoria, as Chairman of the Standing Committee of the Federal Council, asking if the committee would advise the holding of a session of the Council during the coming summer. Yesterday Mr. Patter- son replied by telegraph, intimating that immediately upon the receipt of Mr. Dobson's telegram he wired to the other members of the Standing Committee on the question of holding a summer cession and that he had also wired to the Premiers of New South Wales and South Australia drawing attention to previous correspondence respecting their joining the Council at its next season but has not yet received a reply. Customs Revenue. The amount received by the Customs at Hobart for the week ended the 7th inst. was £2,750 6s. 3d., and at Launceston £3,783 16s. 10d., making a total of £0,534 3s. 4d., exclusive of out stations. The corresponding week in 1892 produced £11,455 14s. 5d., including out stations, but it should be borne in mind that in 1892 the Treasurer (Hon. J. Henry made his financial statement on October 4, and as a consequence the collections at the Customs were run up to the sum stated (£11,455 14s, 5d.) in anticipation of increased duties then expected to be levied. Hearing this in mind, it will be noticed that the 1893 receipts may be accepted as a very satisfactory collection, and a good average one, Migration, The quarterly migration returns published in to-day's Gazette, show that 3 038 persons arrived in the colony in the throw months ending September 30 last, as compared with 3,434 in the corresponding period of last year. The comparative aggregate arrivals in the nine months were 1892, 18,458 ; 189.1, 13,380. The departures in the past three months totalled 2,914, compared with 3,888 last year, A comparison of the aggregate departures for the nine months in 1892, 20,487 ; 1893, 13.710. This shows that the departures from the colony during the nine mouths were 330 in excess of the arrivals, while for the corresponding period of last year they were 2,029 in excess. For the three months just ended the arrivals exceeded the departures by 124, while in the corresponding quarter of 1892 the reverse was the case to the number of 454. Testamentary The following probates and letters of administration have been issued : - Probates. - N Nicholas Henzler to Arthur Johnston, £21 ; William Murray Adare a to Thomas Connolly and Edward Layton, £89 ; Henry Thomas Ayton Murray to Mary Jemima Murray, Eleanor Child Murray, Clara Carmichael Murray, and Zilias Fold Murray, £2,337 ; Ernest Wal worth Smith to Jane White Smith, £105, Letters of Administration Annie Davey to William John Davey, £95. Southern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Society's committee meeting of the STA, and P. Society was held at the office of the Hon. Secretary yes for July afternoon. The President occupied the chair. The Hon. Secretary reported having received the consent of the Government to the request for the usual public and bank holiday for the show on Wednesday, October 18\. His Excellency the Governor had also intimated his intention of being present early on show day. Several letters had also been received from gentlemen consenting to act judges. Two tenders for supplying music at the show were received, that of the City Band (Conductor Hopkins) being accepted. The Hon. Secretary stated that the number of entries received this year were in excess of last year's list. As the 1892 catalogue showed a larger number of exhibits than had ever before been received by the Society the intimation that this year's show will beat the record as regards numbers was considered very gratifying. The stewards for the show were appointed, several matters of general routine were arranged, and the meeting closed. The Hon. Secretary again reminds subscribers who have not yet forwarded remittances, that their subscriptions will be very acceptable at this time. Late entries can be made up to noon on Wednesday on payment of double entry isca. Longford Agricultural Show. - The agricultural show of the north takes place to-morrow at Longford. The day has been proclaimed a public holiday in Launceston, Longford, Westbury, and Deloraine. The list of entries is larger than last year, and only fine weather is wanted to make the exhibition the success it invariably is. Return tickets at single of area will be issued from all Main Line stations to Evandale Junction, and from stations on the Western Line to Longford by all trains on the 10th, and morning trains on the 11th October, available for the return journey up to Monday, October 16. On show day a special train, stopping at all stations and sidings, will leave Parattah at 7.30 a.m., and a special leaves Oatlands at 7 o'clock the same morning to connect with this train. Sanitary Science Mr. Moult, Secretary and Engineer to the Central Board of Health, was chairman of the Sanitary Science and Hygiene section of the Science Congress, just held at Adelaide, and spoke at some length on urban s station, speaking of the scope of the legislation entrusting power, and imposing duty on municipal authorities charged to safeguard the health of a town community, holding that in health Tattersdale entrusting of power the imposing of duty, and where issues of life and declare involved, may and can should read ought and must. He pointed out how the success of the administration of the Wealth Acts largely depended on the spirit and tone of central and loual-governmontB with regard to sanitation, and regretted that its impor once was so often underestimated. In many Local Boards of Health the members seemed to think that their duty was not so much the conservation of the public health as the protection of the ratepayers' pocket, and consequently the larger economy of life and health and comfort are sacrificed to the smaller economy of ratepaying au I not only so, but very often this smaller economy is sacrificed by the short-sighted policy of paying large sums to meet exigent occur rences i other than small,fixed,and continuous payments for preventive measures. On the other hand, he did not know of any health authority that had fairly, manfully, and in tilligently faced the whole problem of the sanitation of the place and people committed to its charge that had not justified its action by success that could be appraised in money, as well as to the far more important successes that are priceless in the way of lengthening life and increasing comfort and lessening pain and suffering. He quoted from the report of Dr. Russell, the Health Officer of Glasgow, showing how the ratepayers of that city not only purvey their own gas water, electricity, and street locomotion, but a great deal of the house accommodation of the poorer classes and all at a profit. City Police Court.- The bench at this Court was occupied yesterday by His Worship the Mayor and Mr. Alderman Bradley. A charge of resisting Constable Sheen, preferred against George Terry, was withdrawn. Mr. Superintendent Pedder stated that Terry was labouring under a misapprehension regarding his privileges, and had resisted the police believing himself to be in the right. Defendant expressed his regret at his behaviour. Elizabeth Foster was charged with disorderly conduct in Little Melbourne-street on Sunday night. Constable Chamley said he saw accused with a man behaving in an improper manner, and attempting to gain admission to a house of ill-fame. The constable arrested Foster and she was brought before the Court in consequence. His Worship the Mayor administered a stern rebuke and sentenced defendant to one month's imprisonment Richard Langford, charged with indecent behaviour in Campbell- street on Sunday, was remanded until to-day. Peter Cranley was fined 5s. for being drunk in the Domain on Saturday night. AN.A. The new rooms taken by the A.N.A. for meetings, etc., and situated in Collins street (next Fitzgerald's), will be opened at 8 o'clock to-night by a lecture on "Some Phases of Australian Industrial Progress," by Mr. Kenneth Munro. This subject is one which should interest all young Australians. It is one which the A.N.A. wish to impress on the public, holding that Tasmanians should not go outside the colony for produce or manufactures. The committee hopes there will be a large attendance. Hospital Case. Chas. Holman, aged 20, was treated at the General Hospital yesterday for injuries received by a kick from a horse. The animal planted its foot with some violence on the man's stomach, and inflicted injuries which produced intense suffering. The patient did not remain in the institution, but left for Mr home, which |g in Y Eardley-street. I Titi Tasmanian Aokit Generamihf " Anglo Australian," in the European jaws, i writes -"The Agent General for Tas mania, Sir Edward Braddon, with Lady and Miss Braddon, will leave us by the P. and O. steamer Himalaya, which leaves Tilbury on October 6, proceeding via Suez This is the roots Sir Edward went last year on the trial trip of the Himalaya to Cherbourg Pending his relief from official duties, the Agent General for the Island Colony has relinquished the month's holiday he had intended taking, and, seeing that he will have a considerable amount of Bandar ing in tho course of the next three or four months Sir Linard prefers sticking to office work now, with a view to working off all arrears, and thus leaving a clean fire to his successor It is highly probable that Sir Edward on his return will contest his old constituency at the next general election in Tasmania Dunne, his term of office here Sir Edward has earned golden opinions from all who have had the privilege of communication of any kind with him. It is certain that the colony has been, indeed, well served, and all who have known him here will deeply regret the retirement of the present Agent General Sir Edward has made for to tell a very remarkable and most honourable record, and unquestionably he will lea e a gap behind him not easily to be filled " The Church Congress- -Ar rangements for the Anglican Church Congress to be held in Hobart next January are well advanced It is expected that 15 or 16 bishops will be present, representing Australia and New / island The Church News says the complete programme at selected readers and speakers will be shortly ready for publication The acceptances on the various sub jests up to the present are as follow -On Biblical Criticism The Primate of Australia, the Rev B A Schleicher, and Mr E 1 Bonan, from Sydney, and Archdeacon Holt, from Riverina On the Organisation and Development of the Church the Bishop of Dunedin, the Bishop of Newcastle, and the Rev. J F Stretch, from Melbourne On the Value of the Cathedral System in a Colonial Diocese The Rev Dr Corlette (Sydney) and the Rev. W. S. Milne (Ade la le) On the Ministry of the Laity The Dean of Hobart the Rev. M Archdall (Sydney), the Rev. C Prichard (Melbourne), the Rev G S Spencer (Goulburn), and the Rev. R C N Kelly (Launceston) On the Church and Social Qu streets The Rev Dr Harris (Sydney) Mr J B Patterson (Melbourne), and the Rev. Horace Tucker (Melbourne On the Supply and Training of the Clergy The Bishop of Nelson, the Dean of Adelaide, Archdi aeon Cooper (Ballarat), and Mr J Mcintyre (Hobart) On the Relation of the Church to National L Fo TI e Bishop of Christchurch), the Bishop of Ballarat, Archdeacon Hales (Launceston), Canon Vance (Melbourne) On Church b nance The Rev W R Ar nstrong(Riverina),Canon Finnis Hobart) At the Devotional Meeting the Bishop of Riverina, Canon Flower (Ballarat) Arch deacon Campbell (Bathurst), the Rev C Baber (Sydney), the Rev B Allanson iBillaiat), and Mr R J Lucas (Hobart) On Musioob to the Heathen the Primate of New Zealand, Canon Whitington, the Rev J Palmer (Melanesia) On the Church and Education The Bishop of Melbourne, the Rev VV Bjatty (Auckland), the Rev J B Woollnough (Hobart) At the Men's Meeting The President, the Bishop of Tasmania, the Bishop of Christchurch, the Rev W Mamu (Sydney), the Rev A Kit worth (New South Wales), and the Rev. E. S. Hughes (Melbourne) Complimentary. As a mark of the esteem in which the manager of the Government dairy is held, his pupils at Soleil presented him last Saturday with a silver mounted malacca cane, suitably engraved. Mr. McCormick's presentations from pupils in Tasmania, must now be very numerous, and will doubtless be pleasant reminders to him of his sojourn in the island when his peregrinations are concluded. Returning Home By the end. Oroya, which left London for Australia on the 11th inst., the Rev G W. Shoobridge, incumbent of Holy Trinity Church, is a passenger. Mr. Shoobridge, accompanied by his wife, left Hobart for a European tour some nine months ago. At that time he was completely broken down in health but his visit to the old country has, in a large measure, been productive of a restoration to health a fact which will be duly appreciated by his parishioners, by whom he is greatly esteemed, 24 Rawei, the Maori Evangelist We year today receivedthoiollowingcablemessage: " Sydney, Monday. Rawei conducted service in the grand Centennial hall last night, 6,000 presents, Rawei," OnrrrjAUY.- It is with the utmost regret we have to record the death of Mr. David Hogarth, who succumbed at his residence Colac, Victoria, yesterday morning, after a brief illness. The deceased gentleman was a native of Hobart, and was for some time connected with The Mercury, having commenced his career as a journalist in this office, the proprietors of which held him in high esteem. After a connection of five years he decided to cover it, and went to Victoria, where he was engaged as sub editor of the Hamilton Spectator, eventually becoming the proprietor of two country newspapers, called the Colac Reformer and Port Fairy Gazette, which remained in his possession till the time of his decease. He was 37 years of age, and leaves a wife and two children to mourn their less. Masonic, The annual meeting of the Tasmanian Union Chapter, 238, S.O., was held at the Masonic-hall last evening. The report for the past year, during which the Chapter has been reorganised under charter from the Supreme Grand Chapter of Scotland, was of a very satisfactory character, and the financial statement presented by the treasurer showed, despite several unusual items of expenditure, a substantial balance in hand. The following officers, the majority being re-elected, worciuvestod for the ensuing Masonic year : - LIKE, Comp. C. E. Davies; H, Comp. T. H, Magrath; J., Comp. J. F. Stump ; Scribe E., Comp. J. W. Israel; Scribe N., Comp. Jas, Chisholm ; treasurer, Comp. T. Lewin 1st Soj., Comp. H. L. D'Emden; 2nd Soj., Comp. J. G. Steele ; 3rd Soj , Comp, F. J. Jacobs ; Janitor, Comp. R. F. Digges ; stewards, Cairns. T. R. Marsden and M. Susman ; organist, Comp. E. J. Rogers ; committee of management, Comps. W. V. Russell, M. Mason, E. H. Butler, and M. Susman ; representatives on Tas, Masonic Benevolent Fund, Comes. E. J. Crouch and W. V. Russell. The M. E. degree was conferred on a candidate, and a quantity of correspondence was disposed of. Mi-ThOKOi-oaicnL.-Mr.Kingsmill reports "Rainfall for week ending October 7 1893-Southport, -10 inches Hobart, -36 ; Mount Nelson, '30 ; Springs, '65 ; Franklin, '81 ;' Carnarvon, '35 ; Eaglehawk Neck, 33 ; Sorell, '23 ; New Norfolk, 79 ; Oatlands, for; Bagdad, -46; Hamilton, '31; Apslawn, '41 ; Swansea, '35 ; Falmouth, Gi ; Mathinna, '90 ; Gould's Country, 1-57 ; Low Head, -53 ; Deloraine, '71 ; Burnie, 30 j Circular Head, '77 ; Corinna, '38 ; Waratah, '15 ; Zeehan, '77. Remarks The weather during the week has been warm and dry comparatively. Thunderstorms have occurred in several places, The maximum temperature recorded was 73 on the 6th, and the minimum 47 on the 3rd. Concert ry Orpheus Club In aid of the Union Chapel Workers' Guild Fund, the members of the Orpheus Club last night gave a concert in the chapel schoolroom. As usual the programme was a choice one, but unfortunately the audience was not com- mensurate. The club gave the chorus " Carno vale," and the part songs " The chapel " and " What the heck is " with customary ability. The club orchestra played overtures " Semiramide " and " Gypsies' life," selections from The Gondoliers, and the dance " Titania." Miss Paton's songs " When the lights are low " and " For the old love's sake were capable performances, and received merited applause. Mr. Eric Burgess was heard to considerable advantage in " Nil Desperandum " and " Viva la Com panies," while Mr. T. G. Lovett graned unqualified approval for his song " Whisper, and I shall hear," which was given with a chorus arranged by Mr. W. C. Eltham. Mrs. Eltham was of great assistance at the piano. Mr. Eltham conducted. People's Popular Concerts. The full programme of the third people's popular concert, which takes place in the Temperance-hall on Wednesday evening, is published in another column. It will be seen that Mr. Ashton is unremitting In his efforts I to provide a thoroughly diversified and most excellent entertainment, and there should be a crowded attendance, as these concerts are a very welcome institution on the evening of the half-holiday. The programme is well worth perusal. " The Gondoliers."- An amateur performance of Gilbert and Sullivan? charm- ing opera, The Gondoliers, will be given at the Town-hall this evening, in aid of the Improved Dwellings Association. The company have undergone frequent and numerous rehearsals under the direction of Mr A. J Mills, and the opera will be presented in new dresses and with new dance A full orchestra is announced. Resort od Beats may be secured at Walch's. Arrangements have been made with the Tramway Co. for late trams. Unit per cent is a trifle compared to the discount, the world takes off the man with cray and faded hale. Remove all unilinUr gray threads 'By using Uri, 8, A.AlUa'lWwltt'sBslrKeitartr. ' Theatre Kottfe-Tho Alfred Woods Dramatic Company played Across the Continent again last night to a very fair house at the Theatre Royal. The principals took the parts allotted in the original cast, and carried the drama through with a considerable amount of vivacity (tod enthusiasm. Mr. Alfred Woods gave additional proof of his versatility as a ruined merchant in the pro- logue, and as an adventurer in the subsequent scenes laid 18 years later, imparting much artistic force and ability to a couple of powerful characters, Mr. H. N. Douglas was a tower of strength as the gentle! scheme. The dual character of the drunkard's wife and the wealthy more child's daughter, Miss Austen Eliot sustained with all necessary pathos and grip-, and won golden opinions for her clever acting. Miss Ada Leo and Miss Mary Hope, young Italian street musicians, were a good deal more charming than the atmosphere of their occupation and surroundings suggest. 'A popular " knock me down Johnny " was Mr. A. G. Poulton again, and with his comedian absurdities, and those of Caesar Augustus, an oratorical nigger (Mr. Harry Overton), the audience was kept in roars of laughter. Mr. J. S. Ryan played his light allotment of Tom Goodwin successfully, and all the minor parts were carefully presented. The four acts went smoothly, and the audience insisted on the favourites appearing before the curtain, while Miss Ada Lee was the recipient of a handsome bouquet. The mounting of the drama was all that could be desired, the stage i floats by Mr. Phil Edgar, particularly those of a mechanical character, introducing the Great Pacific express, and the concluding tableaux, were strikingly realistic. The { musical accompaniments were rendered by an efficient orchestra, under the direction of Madame Callachor. To-night 27ie Octoroon will be produced for the only time during this season, with Mr. Alfred Woods as Salem Scudder and Miss Austin Eliot na Zoe, supported by a strong cast of characters. It is some years since a professional oom party has played The Octoroon in Hobart, and Air. Woods' company are likely to revive many pleasant memories in this always popular drama. The Gourlay and Walton Company. A rare treat is in store for the theatre-going public of Hobart, for, as announced in our advertising columns this morning, the Gourlay and Walton Comedy Company, which is at present at Dunedin concluding a most successful season in New Zealand, open for a short season at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening next in G. R Sims'' farcical comedy, Skipped by the Light of the saloon The piece is described as one of the most mirth provoking comedies ever staged, and has been a tremendous success wherever produced. As an evidence of the company's popularity throughout New Zealand it is cited that His Excellency the Governor, the Earl of Glasgow, with the Countess of Glasgow and suite were present no fewer than five times during Messrs. Gourlay and Walton's season of two weeks in Wellington, and on Lady Glasgow's visit to Christchurch subsequently she expressed her delight of having again an opportunity of witnessing this most mirth provoking comedy. Entertainment at the Temperance hall An interesting entertainment, of which Mr. Mulcahy, M.H.A, was conductor and moving spirit, as he has been in many previous efforts of the kind and always with success, was given in the Temperance-hall last evening, in aid of St Joseph's Roman Catholic Church repairs fund. The church has recently undergone some repairs at cor siderable coat, and £110 remained to be cleared off. Though the proceeds of the entertainment were small towards liquidat- ing such a balance, it considerably more than paid the year's interest on the money, for there was a good attendance, whilst I he price of admission was fixed at le all round. The programme was of a miscellaneous character, but proved an enjoyable one. It opened well with the vocal trio, " Ye shepherds tell me " (Max night), which was rendered in a very tuneful manner by Messrs. Mulcahy (tenor), Roper (alto), and O'Brien (bass), and most heartily applauded. Mrs. Lovett, who was in good voice, gave a superb rendering of the good old ballad, Douglas Gordon " (Kellie). Her excellent articulation and enunciation of the words was a pattern to so many of our amateur vocalists, who so chop up the words of the song as to make them utterly unintelligible to anyone sitting six yards from the platform. Kate Kearney ' was also admirably sung by the same lady, Mr. E. Macnamara gave "The Skipper " (Jude), and " The Boys of England " (Berau) ; Mr. Sidebottom (accom- panied by Mr. J. Mulcahy), tickled the risible of the audience by Binning the comic song, "I was one of them, and being loudly encored gave " Woman, lovely woman." Miss Muller sung "At the castle gate " (Jude), followed by Mr. J. Hynes re- citing Hood's "The bridge of light," with very considerable histrionic ability, and he met with a warm reception. The "Hymn of the Moravian Nuns," by Misses Maher and Reynolds, was well received though rather too heavy a com- position for them, They were followed by an uproarious number in " The Ghost of Benjamin Binns," sung in character by Mr. Jacobs. Lights were lowered for this song, and when the "ghost" appeared, in a white \- well, no matter it might have been an old surplice, the audience seemed to think of the old Nurses' Home, and roared with laughter, The song itself was equally comical, and at the close Mr. Jacobs was twice recalled. Miss Reichenberg very efficiently acted as accompanist in nearly all the musical numbers. That part of Sheridan's ' comedy, The Iihal which leads up to the duel scene showing Bob Acres' cowardice was per formed by the same gentlemen who appeared at the Literary and Debating Society's entertainment at the Town Hall last week. Mr. H. Shirley was again very amusing as Bob Acres ; Mr. J. Gleeson, as Sir Lucius O'Trigger and Mr. P. McPartlan, us Captain Absolute. The other characters were-Falkland, Mr. A.,Stuart ; David, Mr. F. Banks ; servant, Mr. E,, Macnamara. A distribution of gifts closed the entertainment. A quantity of fancy articles remaining over from the Fanny Fair recently held in the Town-hall, were the prizes, and many of them were of considerable value. These were drawn for, and handed to the holders of duplicate tickets given to them as they entered the hall. A vote of thanks to the conductor of the entertainment, and the performers generally were heard lily accorded on the proposition of FaT her Hennebry. Lansdowne-crescent Musical Society. -The annual meeting of this Society takes place at the Crescent Institute at 8 to-mor- row night. Fire Brigades. Demonstration. - The following appears in the iVeiu Zealand Fire and Ambulance Record :- " We are more than pleased at the manner in which the leading citizens of Napier and its surroundings have taken up the work in connection with the carrying out of the demonstration fixed to be held in Napier about the end of February, 1894, under the auspices and in connection with the United Fire Brigades' Association of New Zealand. There can be little doubt as to the genuine support that the movement will have from country rea- doubts in Hawke's Bay, and taking the matter of the arrangements as they now stand we have no hesitation in saying that the 1891 demonstration will be an unqualified success. It will certainly equal, and it is possible it may surpass, the one held in Napier in 1886. Large and influential committees have been formed, and meetings have, already been held, the attendance at which, along with the enthusiasm displayed augured well for the completeness and efficiency of the management. The local brigodcsimn should indeed feel proud at the readiness with which their hopes have been fulfilled and their wishes crowned, so far as the preliminaries are concerned. Every effort is to be in all of to induce the firemen of Australia to come over, and we have reason to. believe that the prize, money will be so allotted that the induce-, ment will be admitted to be sufficient even' for those teams to whom the expenses of a trip to Napier will be no news item. Application has been made to the Union Steam- ship Co, for reduced fares for visiting teams, and we have no doubt but that the company 'will, as usual, fall in, with the views of the Napier people and assist as far as they are able, by means of Iajtgely reduced fares, in bringing the demonstration, as it were, within reach of the Says in every part of Australia, as well as at New Zealand. The time spent in this part of the colony by the visiting brigades men will be both pleasant and profitable, as besides a long list of prize events in the demonstration programme, there will be numerous entertainments, outings and other pleasant fixtures, in the conduct of which Napier citizens have few rivals, It is a'hotablofact that when the Hawke's Bay people go holiday-making they do not look round any, but go straight at it. It must not be thought, however, that the whole time will be given up to pleasure. The sittings of the Conference, it is believed, will be most profitable, as much business of conse quCQ'.u to ho .cistm'aled brigades men and to the Fire Preventive Service as a whole will be transacted. Papers of interest will also be read and submitted for consideration, and thus the mutual profit of the members of I the Association will be promoted." l'lUKUAORl'TlCAI/'áBBol|¡ATft*»a - The quarterly examinations Pharmaceutical Society of Tasmania for preliminary. modified, and final candidates will be field at Miller's chambers this' morning, commencing at 10 o'clock. Special Train to Elwick-A special train will run to the KlwicR>y>nurse to- morrow afternoon for the Butchers'' Races leaving the city at 1.20 and returning at li! A Body Stearine Cask. The Warden-" dyte body stealing cake has at length assumed a tangible form, to the Court of General Sessions in Melbourne last week before Judge Choral by and a jury of 12 John Mullins was placed on his trial for having broken into a house at Warrandyte and taken away the dead body of John Chatty, a Chinaman. The oahu for the Crown was that on September 15 ix CkiilunviB named John Chatty died at Warrandyte and the local constable was placed' in charge of the dead body. On September 10 a number of Europeans were in the house and some beer drinking was going on. Prisoner was there amongst the rest rather late in the evening. The constables had handed over the custody of the body to another man. At the request of the prisoner he was shown the dead body, He then went away. Two men were left in ther cottage, and between 10.30 and 11 at night they lay down and went to sleep in a room adjoining the room in which was the body of the Chinaman. The latter room had a door opening into a little stream at the back. At about midnight u hammering: was heard like that which would be made by a person breaking into a house, and shortly after 12 prisoner was seen carrying away the body of the Chinaman. The body was found early next morning under a culvert about 100 yards away from the house where it had beers lying. The offence was one at common law as being against public decency At the conclusion of the Crown Prosecutor's opening address, Mr. Barratt, on behalf of the accused, asked for His Honor's direction as to whether any offence had been disclosed. If it was an offence to remove a dead body under any circumstances, it would be equally as offence to touch a dead body, or to remove it from one room to another without the permission of the proper authorities. Mr. Walsh, for the Crown, said that the case was a very uncommon one, and it was impossible to get one proudly on all fours with it. At the same time that it was no doubt that taking a body was a misdemeanour at common law. In "Russell on Crimes" to was laid down that it was an offence against decency to take a person's dead body with intention to st' in it or dispose of it. It was equally an offence against decency to take or carry off a dead body and throw it on a load. In this case it was taken out of a house, and the house had been broken into. In East's " Pleas of the Crown " it M stated that there could be no property in a dead corpse, and therefore stealing was no felony, but at a high misdemeanour. His Honor said before . he could decide whether it was a misdemeanour at common law he would have to bear the evidence in detail. Evidence was then taken, and the hearing had not concluded when the court adjourned. I Startling Accident at a Circus. Ab accident of an alarming character took place at Fillis' Circus, Melbourne, on Wednesday evening last. The programme opened with M. Mayor, Mdlle- Hanoi, and Mdlle. Alexander performing the cannon, act. The building was well filled with an audience attracted by the special nature of the programme, and numbering many distinguished visitors, and the performance had only commenced when M. Ma>oll ascended a ladder to a staging above the heads of the people to discharge the cannon from which, Mdlle. Lozol as a human projectile was to be fired through the air into the hands of Mdlle. Alexander, who, hanging head downwards on a trapeze, would catch her. This act, of t itself sufficiently stirring to an audience which had not seen it before, was eclipsed by that which took its place as the result of the accident. Millie. Luzel was > standing at the mouth of the cannon' ' preparing for her share in the feat white M. Mayor examined the works to make certain that the spring and the charge of powder which released it were in proper condition. But Before he had completed his examination he by some means, which even yet cannot be explained, set off the charge of powder, and it exploded about his face and head. The premature explosion alarmed the audience, who were not prepared for it and some of the more nervous amongst the ludit 8 cried out, but the appearance of Mdlle. hazel and of M. Mayo!, as they nimbly descended the staging to the ground, clucked any panic. Mr. F. E, Fillis hastened to meet the performers as they came down the staging, and finding that, while Mdlle. Laval was unhurt, M. Mason was severely burned about the face and head, he caused him to be removed to the Cathedral Hotel, Swanston-street. There he was put to bed and given temporary care pending the arrival of Dr. Astles, who had been telephoned for. When the doctor arrived he found that M. Mayor was severely but not dangerously burned. However, there is a possibility of serious trouble in the saving of the sight of the right eye, which appears to be affected. An Elastic Banks' Scotch lady is reported to have broken the bank at Monto Carlo, whining £60,000, But, remarks the Sydney Illustrated News, lot not any. virtuous opponent of gambling think that the great bell" of Southern Europe is either killed or scotched, even if the foregoing re port be true. A loss of £60,000 is a day may settle a commercial banking establishment, but a loss of £60,000 in a, night does not damage a gambling bank of the first-class, in fact it is all the better for it. The news of such ' tremendous winnings will bring a crop of fools who will stake and lose far more than £60,000, and among them, may be the " Scotch lady " herself. Ifithut mysterious female be not a creation of the prolific fancy of the advertising geniuses of the Monto Carlo directorate, the reminiscences that, not only sixpence, but sixpence multiplied over two million times has once' gone " bang," and to her profit, will overcome liar national caution. Of course she would have a change of trying her luck again, for when the Monto Carlo bank is broken it does not close for reconstruction for an indefinite period, it only suspends operations- ii i in the next afternoon, and then is in a position to start once more is flourishing ly us over, paying out and scraping in gold with a promptitude that would astonish a Colonial Treasurer much, and would notify anyone who had ever been the creditor of such a functionary. Esk Brewery. Messrs. Bear & Son, are more than satisfied with the result of the establishment of a Southern Branch in Hobart, and take this opportunity of thank- ing the public for generous support given them. They also wish to announce that they are now introducing their superior Tasmanian bottled ale and stout, and request a trial. Orders will be received by the Southern Manager, Mr. W. C. K11 him, at the office, 69, Collins-street, next Ship Hotel. 