>3temsA0f Jntevest. s v jbf j Oxb of the many uses to which paper is now put is that of making, gas pipes. Manilla paper is out in strips equalling in width the length of the pips to be made. These arenassod through a vessel filled with melted sspbalte, and then wrapped firmly and uniformly round an iron core, until the required thickness is attained. The pipe is then subjected to powerful pressure, after whioh the outside is strewn ovor with sand And tiie whole cooled m ivator. Tlio core is then removed, and tho outside ot the pipe coated with a Waterproof composition. These pipes are claimed to be perfectly gaslight, and are said to be much cheaper than iron pipes. I s Some Gorman scientists have recently fur nished information in regard to the ages of trees. They assign to the pine troo 600 to 100 years as the maximum, 425 years to tbe silver fir, 27 5 years to the larch, "45 years to the rod beech, 210 to tlio aspen, 200 to tiie birch, 170 to tho ash, and 145 to the alder, and 130 to tho olm. The heart of tho oak begins to rot at about the nge of about 300 years, T|ie holly oak alone oscaneB this law, (b is said, and thore is in cxistenoe near Aschafi'cnburg, in Germany, a tree of this kind which has attained the ngc of 410 years. There is a churoh in the town of Bergen, Norway, that is built entirely of paper. It can scab 1,000 persons in comfort, and lias been reudorcd waterproof by a solution of quicklime, curdled miik, ami whits of egg. Ctireful scientific investigations show that the average spaed of the transmission of earthquake shocks is nearly 10,000 feeb per fcOUOIlCl. The following warning to suicides is exhi bited in the province of Montenegro -. — "All parsons who take thoir lives are to be declared dishonourable. Their corpses uro to he strung to gallows, in view of tho public, fur twenty-four hours. Suicide is- unworthy of a Montenegrin. God almie has power over a man's life, which dura be sacrificed only on the .battlefield, in defence of his country," The Chinese have an elaborate system for the interpretation of dreumn. To be whipped by tt uod or devil tlioy regard as extremely unlucky, while to enter a temple and see the gods moving about is considered lucky. To circa ui of fighting with wandering ghosts means that one will live to an old age. Salvation Army's expressive description of a week's work all. Leads i— " Indescrib able times; united nnnnncratiim ; six suuis. Victory ! " Seals, when basking, place one of their number on guard to give the alarm in aaBe of danger. The signal is a quick olap of tho flippers on a rock. Wild rabbits signal with tWrforopaws, and have regular signals nud calls. An artesian well wus some years ago sunk on the beach at San Buenaventura, Cali fornia, live feet from high-water mark. At a depth of about one hundred aitd forty- three feeb a strong flow of water was obtained, spouting thirty feet above the ground. Some ' tash were observed in the woete water, and an oxamination of tho well revoalod the fact that it was filled with young trout. Thoy wore perfectly developed, oyes and all, and measured about two inches in length. Thousands of them were thrown out by eaoh jet The temperature of tiie well water ia about sixty-fonr degrees Fahrenheit It is believed that the fish may have come from the head- waters of the Santa Clara Itiver by some subterranean outlet ; Mi at stream itself is several miles distant from the woll. In Turkey, twenty years ago, men were hanged for trifles ; tradesmen who Bold short weight might be nailed by tbe ear to their own doorposts ; and petty thitvss, as well as men who were impertinent to officials or who refused to pay their taxes twice over, were bastinadoed on the stiles of the foot. This last punishment, by the way, was light or cruel, according as the patient waeaoous- tomed to go barefoot or to spend his life in 'barouohes. Tlio water-oarriors, porters, street fruit-sellers, and pens ante generally, whose soles were like a horn, cared little for twenty-five cuts with a bamboo ; but to tradesmen, clerks, and women the stripes were exorooiatingly painful, and brought weeks of lameness. Thy present Sultan boo abolished the bastinado in the European part or his dominions, and nractioally done w(th capital punishment, exoeptlfor brigand age ana for attempts at assassinating high oflioials. While Indian tea decreased in public use by about 3, 000,0001b. in 1891, the consump tion of Ceylon tea has increased by no l«fH than 16,700,0001b., or 48 per cent. In England and Wales 8,979 miles of rail- way out of 9,044 miles of double lines are worked on the block system. In Scotland practically the ' whole of ths mileage la worked on that system. In Francs last year there were killed 404 wolves, of which 194 were full-grown' auimals and 053 cube. The amount paid for their deatruotion was £1,313, at the rate of £4 for a full-grown animal and £1 12s. for a cub. A parasol, intended as a present for the Sultan of Moroooo, has a stick which is over 3( yards long, and is glided and riohly orna mented. The outoidu of the parasol is of bright green silk, with a heavy gold fringe round it, while the Inside is lined with pule straw colour. There ie a curious shake (Hydraoi yobi) in 'South Africa that lives wholly upon birds' eggs. It has no teeth or signs of teeth in tiie mouth, tho whole dontal array being located in the stomach. . FFo»ia» asserts t hat one of the many "lady litigants" at the Law Courts was formerly a waitress at a late coffee-house, where she devoted her nights to serving cups of coffee and her days to serving writs. Tho silver wedding of Grieg, the camposor, was celebrated recently at his home nesr Bergen. Norway. After ' dinner Grieg played his famous " tVoddlng Prooosaion," and Mrs. Grieg tang some of h«r husband's ongSf In Rusuia blaok is never used for covering coffins, the oloth being a pink shade when the dec cased Ib a child or young person, a crimson colour for women, and brown for widows. ... ($&.- Tho American President, whose salary has bean tho subject of many comparisons, receives ib in monthly instalments. On the 26th day of every month the Treasurer of Abe United States sends to the White House a cheque for dollar. M. Jules Lebamiy, the great Paris sugar refiner, lias left what is perhaps the largest .individual fortune ever made in France. Jdls wealth ft . estimated at 360,000,000 francs >(£14,400,000). How much of that enormous sum was extracted fioin tiie French tax payer In the form of sugar bounties it would be difficult to say. Signer Carlo Rota, the well-known Italian patriot, has died at San Pier d' Arena, near ii>onoa. Signer Rota took a prominent part in the unsuccessful expedition against Sapri, in Calabria, whioh wss organised in 1857 by BSron Nicotora and Count Pisaccane in the hope of overthrowing the Bourbon Govern ment, established at Naples. Baron Nlcotefs, the Minister ot tho Interior in the last Government, was present at tho patriot's jtyBr "v >-c-T v , A \- Some ingenious contrivances ars used, by thieves, .The latest looks like an ordinary walking-stick, but is so arranged that, by pressing a spring at the handle, the ferrule will spread apart and form a sort of spring olip that will take hold of anything that is within reach. Tho thing is called "the Continental lifting stiok," and is used totake goods from behind counters whbn tbe shop man's beck is turned. As most people are aware, ttiiTterometor exhibits daily variations. In the tropios these are so regular that the hour of the day may be osoertalnod from the height of the meroury without an error of more than fifteen or seventeen minutes on the average. In Great Britain there are two maxima, oacurring from 9 toll a.m. and from 9 to 11 p m.f tiie two minima being timed from 3 to 5 a.m. and from H to 5 p.m. But, after examining a series of observations in the Polar region, Dr. Ruchan finds that in the extreme north and south there are only one maximum arid one minimum during bits day. These data refer to tiie sea. But in the interior of the Polar oontinonts there are also a single maximum and minimum, though these oacur at different times of tbe day from the ocean maximum and minimum. Superposition of the two sets of variations gives a variation liko that ordinarily observed. A poor Quebec blaoksmith declares he has discovered the " long-lost art of hardening copper." A Gi-Aoiisn that Motes 47Fjset a Year.— A glacier has been found in Southern California, of whioh there has been a tradi tion for many years. The Los Angeles Herald ssnb an expedition' to investigate, and the tmdltipn was verified, for upon the upper levels of Graybnok Mountain, the greatest of the San Bernardino range, a plncior one mile long and on the average 200 feeb in depth was found. The joy muss, according to computations made, moves downward at the rate of 47 feet a year. The British Museum possesses a cup of almost fabulous value. Ib is of gold und enamel, is adorned with subjects from the life of St. Agnes, and cost £8, 0UD. The eup derives mosb of its interest and vulub from the fact that ib was given to diaries VI. of France in 1391, by his uncle, Jean, Duke of Berri. The cup passed afterwards into- the possession of the Kings of England, from Henry VI. to James ll., who gave It,- it? 1605, to Don Juan Selusco, Constable of CrsMIO. All hopes of recovering Mr. Vanderbilt's yacht, winch, it will be recollected, was recently sunk, are being given up. The yacht ia sinking deeper every day in the shifting sands upon which she lies. The new dining- room which the Queen has had built at Osborne cost £20,000. This sum does not come from the nation but out of Her Majesty's privy purse. Prince Alexander of Teck is following in tho footsteps of his eldor brothers, Princes Adolphus and Francis, and qualifying to onter the British Army, The princes are three of tho olieeriest young fellows one could possibly wish to meet, being fine,' manly, and true types of Englishmen. One of the most curious stones in the world is found in Finland, where it occurs in many places. It is a natural barometer, and actually foretells probable changes in the weather. It is called seinakuir, and turns black shortly before an approaching rain, while in fine weather it is mottled with spots of white. It is said that gas-light wae first exhibited as a curiosity at the Boylston Museum, Bos ton, in 1815. In 1915 there were 180 lamps ip tho town, and in 1880 it had 10,139 gas and 2,276 oil lamps. Eieotric lighting is now taking the place of gas in many locali ties in the oity. Boston is now lighted by 1,447 eleotrio lights, 8,007 gas, and 2,878 of other descriptions. Brigandage is cruelly carried out in the Turkish province of fiplrus. A Christian family had been carried off, and, nob being able to raise the £500 (Turkish) demanded as thoir ransom, the family have been massacred. There is in St. Mark's a celebrated tazza of blaok glass, onumelled in various colours and gold. No one quite knows its age.- It is said to be more than eight hundred years old ; and it is assumed that this very piece of glass was taken by the Limoges makers as their model for decoration. From a strict inquiry into the history of art wp may learn that the figure painters are hardly over able to attempt landscape painting, and that, with one or two excep tions, the great landscape painters have always been able to paint figures extremely well.— Speaker, Scientists have estimated that every year a layer equal to fourteen feet of the entire surface of ail oceans and other waters is taken up with the. atmosphere in the shape of vapour, to fall as rain and again flow back into the sea. The Empress of Austria is the owner of the handsomest blaok pearls that axisb. She used formerly to oxhibit them in her hair on all State occasions. Queen Victoria has a neoklace of pink pearls, whioh are con sidered the most beautiful of their kind. Barones Gustav de Rothsohlld'a oollar of pearls, worn by her at the opera, is valuod at £40.00Q, The most beautiful pearl is generally supposed to be the one which tiie rrench traveller, M. Toverniev, three centuries ago sold to tho Shah of Persia, and whioh is still in the possession of the rulers of Persia. The price was 3,375,0009-. Another Eastern potentate possesses a pearl of 1,274 caratq ; it is quite transparent, and is valued at 1,000, ODOfr. A fine Oriental pearl is the one in the possession of the Princess Intsupnfl', and whioh is famous for its unique colour. In tlia year 1620 this pearl wan sold by Georgibus from Calais to Philip IV, of Spain for 80,000 ducats ; Its value is now considered l,12ff,000fr. Pope Leo XI II. ha a pearl whioh is valued at SOO.OOOfr- ; and tiie Empress Frederick's cottier of thirty-two pearls is valued at 875,000fr. The Vamje of Tea — The Vice-President of tho Paris Society of Pharmacy, M. Barker, has given the members the result of some recent analyses of tea. He oonsiders it established that the commercial value of black tea is directly proportioned to th amount of tlielne it contains ; but in the case of green to, , he says the commeruial value muet be estimated by the quantity of of tannin. One would have thought tnat, from the point of view of tiie connoisseur of tea, th6se sampios which contain the least proportion of tannin would be preferred.— English Mechanic, The Duke of Portland, havingaddod 20,000 aeree to his shooting preserves, has now 125 square miles of land rtnervsdjfor sport. There is this difference, at least,' between a politician and a statesman. " A states man" ie the Parliamentary candidate who gets to the bead of the poll and has the proud honour of shaking hands with "Mr. Speaker." " A politician " is his defeated opponent. A man whe hires another at 20s. a week to de work whioh brings in only 91s. a week is a philanthropist. Bub if he hires 3,000 men at the same rate he has an income of £80 a week end becomes " A tyrannical monopolist." This is the differentiation between labour and capital. . An ongine-drlver. says, that men in his business caff always judge of f.liq condition ef their engines' by the tone It gives out while running. Every engine, whether ' .Jtafeasy « A 'Particular | f » d . tone of 'its own. The engineer become' accustomed to thub,' and any dopartiire from ib at once exoites a suspicion that all is pot right. Tho engineer may not know what ie the matter, lie may have no 1 ear for music, bub tlio change in tone of lue machine will- be Instantly ueraeptiblo, and will atari) bin on an immediate investigation. Much of the fancifully-cut paper used by. confectioners m this country is made at a prison near Berlin. The largest ortifioial stone in the world' forms tho base of the Bartholdl Statue of Liberty on Bt-dioe's Island, Now York Harbour. Tins immense stone wad) -made . from broken trap rock, sand, autl American cement. Five hundred car-loads of sand and over 20,000 barrels of cement were used in uianufncturing the monster. Amongst the members of tbe present House of Commons arc 55 merchants, 57 manufacturers, IS brewers and distillers, 10 medical men, and 53 Army ami Naval ofiioov. Those who can bo rightly tormed land owners number about 80. A Cincinnati man is reported to have eaten over 530 lemons in two months to atjra rheumatism. He is now in a precarious con dition. Quite a craze — and a very interesting on«< — lias comeovor tho French gardeners. They I have suddenly, begun to bend all their energies to tho oroution of now flowers and the acclimatisation of suoh as have never before been cultivated in Franco. , Among the latter is a flower from Central America (as yet uuatned in France) whioh ohanges its colour three times a day. It ie white in the' morning, gets pink at noon,' and turns a- lovely blue when ths sun is setting. 