HORTICULTURAL. ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. Boronia, fcc.—" Amateur" wishes to be informed regarding " the best ami and situation in which to grow boronia, and also if it should be watered regularly during the summer months." " 'Amateur' also wishes to know the names of the most suitable dimbers to grow in pots on a verandah; facing the east, which has been glassed in." Bovonias require Boil of tha same dedcription as Ericas (heaths). The soil known as sandy peat is most suitable for plants of both genera. None of them should be planted within range of the roots of larger shrubs or trees. When once established in deep soil they will grow well in any exposed border, but until they are thoroughly established they will require the same attention in watering as other plants. During this long drought they have been watered on many occasions, and a mulching of lawn-grass of a diameter of 2ft. and upwards has been around each since the early spring, lie climbers in pots, the extent of the training space must influence the selection. Hoya caraosa, the wax plant, is adapted for confined situations. Rhyncospennum jasminoides (white) will also succeed in a pot Ail the single and double ivy leaved pelargoniums are suitable, and can be kept within any desirable bounds. Overhead Lapageria rosea or alba might be trained. Stepnanotis floribunda is a grand climber, but requiring more heat than it would get in an unhealed greenhouse in the winter. "(unes of Apples.—" John Crammer" writes:—" I send two apples that 1 want to know the names of. 1 have only two trees of these sorts, and they bear better and stand the heat better than any other apples that 1 have got. I have given them two good waterings this season." Having seen a few extra latge specimens of Duchess of Oldenburgh, pro duced by the aid of water, we. were inclined to assume that the tall striped specimen was .of that variety. But on more intimate examination it was found not to answer in certain points the recognised description of that early and excellent variety. The samples were therefore forwarded to Mr. George Neilson, of the Royal Hor ticultural Gardens, who has favoured as with the ■* is, I following reply'" The long coloured fruit i think, an old Herefordshire apple, under the name of Handsome Nomian. But there are so many seedlings now in the colonies, in shape, colour, and general outline similar to this, that one may be . deceived- The flat green apple (No. X), is 4 Han well pouring. M The Pear and Cherry Slug.-" W. Boyd" writes:— 41 Following one of your AuttralaHan suggestions last year t well limed the roots of a cherry tree, ' which had been infested with-the leaf slug; 1 also limed the bare branches, bat as it has given up the •' ghost this season I don't know how the experiment acted. I have now a very heavy-bearing pear tree \- fully oocupled with the slngB, also a plum tree. '-Can you tell me bow to secure them as they come ' .' down to go into the ground - for the winter—how ' '"To tree them, in toot? Would you also kindly let -namknow when is the best tuneforplaoting peaoh : undaprioot nuts V Tliey were magnificent fruit and ■i taken from the nuts a fortnight ago. I planted -•"live Peach ones last April, ahd .two have turned ' out splendH trees, at least 20in. and 2Sin. high at 'j- wiesMlt^^eoUier three had not any kernels on '-^"^myestorday.l hove beenoften told tJudi taMttorplanUng all stones of bnit is |9fiiitris taken from them. - Is thissol44 id out is mistaken in assftming that l limlngthe roots of ofaeuy-Ueui in llentipn hasbeeu made ere .. h practice of opening up In 1'above the roots of apple trues vpoUy aphis, and of applying a Dfnstanoe of cherry trees being '' iunderour notioe. it is, the'ireatment may have rted to by some of our PltonWthe SeUndtia stars iof a: sawfly, and it C trees,'ana in New alia has also been land plum trees, i the snppressioii jjltphjime-water in which soap lias been incorporated. The application ib usually made by night, when the inseots are abroad, 'but dusting the trees with newly slaked line is found much more effectual and of more easy application, Wie natural season for planting peach and plum stones would, of course, be the tune at which the ripe fruitfalls to the ground. In nature, the atone would be kept moist by the fleshy substance surrounding it. In the alisencse of suoh natural moisture, planters usually store the stones in sand slightly damp in a cold cellar until March or later, when they transfer theui to the ground. If they are sown as soon as gathered, watering must uot be forgotten if the weather be hot and dry.] Moths in Dried Fruits.—"J. N." desires to know "how to preserve dried apples and plums from the attacks of moths. The grub seems identical with the species that eats woollen clothes." You are pro bably aware that oampbor in the box or drawers will keep moths away from clothes, but camphor would probably Impart Its own odour to the fruit, which, in that case, would be rendered useless. Rags dipped in melted sulphur and burnt in an iron tank containing the fruit would kill the insects, but the odour would also be objeotionable in that case. It is of the first importance that dried fruits be kept in packages that are not open to insects. " Hoya."—The plant probably suffers from too great exposure to the sun at this season of the year, and possibly if it has made good growth, it may need increased pot room. In either case the pot should be placed in a box having two or three inches space around tbe pot, in which sand might be placed. In potting, at any time, mix a little sana with the chocolate soil. The northern aspect may be rather too hot tor it. 