SPORT AND PLAY. BY "OLYMPUS." Up to last Saturday I must candidly confess that my interest in football this season bad been on the wane. Along with a great many others 1 was beginning to get thoroughly disgusted with the paltry devices descended to bv some of the individuals constituting the A'ietnrian Football Association to advance the interest of their own particular club by striving to cripple such Pioneers of the Game as Melbourne and Carlton. Now. these same individuals can take it from me that the general public who patroni-e football do not want to ste either the Rede or tbe blues snuffed out or even crippled. They have both done a lot for the game, and done it Willi the best, of intentions to make it a game at which the finger of reproach could not be pointed. And in doing this thev have, in the Cabinet, worked harmoniously together, albeit when their first twenties oppose each other on the football field the old war-cry of the Latins has ever been raised—" Va> Victis " (Woe to the Vanquished). Many and many have been the bitter struggles I have seen waged between the pair—aye! and when Club Partisanship was at its highest point of tension—and yet J cannot call to mind one single occasion in which any friction during the progress of the game was not all over and done with as soon as the players resumed their everyday habiliments. I dely contradiction when I state that Never on Any Occasion (in all the. multitudinous matches they have played against each other) was there ever a Protest or Complaint made on either side between Melbourne and Carlton. And yet I well remember the time wben some slight disagreement over the secretaryship of tbe Carlton Football Club culminated in three of its very best players seceding from the old Orange and 131 no (Carlton's colours in those days—as Mr. George levers can prove to demonstration, Mick Webb's cap being still iu the possession of his good lady, who was sister to the whole-souled 3'ouog athlete many years ago summoned away to his rest) and joining tbe ranks of "the eueuiy" in the shape of Melbourne. These three players were James Byrne, Henry Chadwick and David Adamson. The following year two more Trojans, in the persons of Charley "Forrester (the immortal "Chubby ") and William Pin lay followed suit. Hut they wanted no Clearance; their own Innate Worth and True Manliness was quite sufficient clearance—albeit none knew better than the members of the club they were leaving that Carltou's Loss was Melbourne's Gain. Those little episodes happened a great many years ago now; and again I defy contradiction when I state that never ojice during that long interregnum did the circumstance ever cause the slightest breach of friendship. And that's IKIW such matters should be allowed to pass in football. I have no sympathy for the Migratory Player—I never saw one really worth a dump to a club in the long run, albeit some brief notoriety might he gained through employing liim. Hut when a player is not in touch with some of the other members of a team it were best for both parties that no obstacle should be placed iu, the road of his departure to some other club where he would feel more at home with his fellows. At the, same time I cannot help thinking that no player should belong to a club unless be has the interests of that club fervently at heart ; as iu that case, whenever the cousonance became a little faulty, Self would possibly be made subservient to the Interests of the Club, as it was in the good old times when Charley Hillsden ousted Bob Macfarland from the Secretaryship of Carlton. (Purely Honorary, mark you!) Bob had been a slashing good secretary, and had it remained with the old members of the club would undoubtedly have been re- elected. But on the night of the general meeting, just prior to a start being made with the proceedings, that he Frank Hillsden and Charley Hillsden proposed and seconded some five-and-twenty new members, and as their subscription money was handed in at the same time, they were entitled to vote, and just managed to turn the balance in Charley Hillsden's favour. Never in my life shall I forget Bob Macfarland's voice and expression when the result of the voting was made known. "Gentlemen," said he, the while a slight hectic flush tinged his cheek (for Bob was like a regular British bulldog—game to death), " Gentlemen. — You have got rid of me as secretary ; and all I have to say is that you have got rid of a darned good man.'' Eh ? What's that you ask ? " Did Bob Macfarland really make use of the word 'darned?'" Well, if it wasn't darned, it was something awfully like it. I know it commenced with a "d" and fiuished with a "d." There now! Moreover, whatever the exact word was, Bob Macfarland said naught but the cold truth when he uttered it; and there wasn't a man in the room but what felt that he did so. But he didu't leave the Carlton Football Club through it, though. Oh, dear no! ALL this by way of preamble to the fact that when two o'clock came last Saturday afternoon 1 felt some ot the old leaven getting in its work, with the result that I at last made up my mind I would go and have just one more look at the game—for old love's sake. Hut. when I had so made up my mind I was a bit divided iu my opinion as to which match would he the most exciting—the tussle between St. Kilda and Melbourne, on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, or that between Richmond and Carlton, at Richmond. Eventually I decided iu favour of the Litter tryst, and according hied me away to the trvstinsr-pliice. It was a little late when Iariived there,'Richmond just putting up their second goal as 1 entered the gate. There was a magnificent attendance, and the playing ground was simply perfect. The north wind, however, was greatly in favour of the side kicking towards the railway, and as the local men were lucky enough to win the tofs they of course availed themselves of the chance afforded them to secure it. And how did tbev perform in front of the Carlton citadel! Strike me comical, I thought the Dark Blues were going to be simply annihilated the first quarter, three goals being secured by Richmond for tiro behinds, and just before the bell rang to change eudsa fourth was registered hy the yellow and black coveys, amidst the enthusiastic plaudits of their overjoyed supporters. As they were crossing over 1 took the opportunity to have a gaze round the "pav.," just to twig how the Carlton push were taking their gruel; and by golly they were gruesome. I felt morally cerlain that Jaclc M'Cutchan would have had that elaborate '• mo " out hy the roots, so vengeful was he tugging at it; and so as to shut out the d.'iioin'mo'it I turned round towards the playing ground again, and there T encountered the woebegone visages of . Will levers.and Jem Moloney, whose hearts were evidently too ftjll for utterance, as they ould pniy stare vacantly at me, at the same time shaking their noddles iroin side to side as if life >iiobi\vni'th f IjV!iiig any'lotiger. "This is a bit K^ltry !"'* T H'Wai'kb'd to tjie Solicitor, and immediately there came an awful moan from somewhere near the bottom' button of his dress coat, whilst the"'words, "-Oh, awful!" resounded in the wintry air. " Do you think wo have, any chance of pulling a lead like that up?'' queried tbe M.P. To which 1 replied that no one exactly knew what the Carlton lads could do until they were put on their mettle ; and then the play became far too interesting to allow- of furt her time being wasted iu idle speculations. A Nil what sort of play was it ? You should have seen young Soderstiom perform under difficulties! He is only a Junior; but it takes an old-fashioned Senior to fool him, I tell you. Having been unsuccessful in getting a permit to icturn to bis old club (South Melbourne) Dimly M'Kay was once more arrayed in "John Tait's colours"— namely, yellow and black; and sturdily did be battle to maintain the advantage his side had gained during the first portion of the game. Sturdy as his efforts were, however, they did not stand so prominently out over those of Backhouse, Bryin, Digby, Shore, Le Fovre, Elder, [Sparron-, Parker, Mitchell, Coruigo, Price, Goode and Dowdell ; but still tbe attacks of the Dark Blues were too persistent to be successfully staved oil on every occasion, and although their luck appeared to be out at the start ot the quarter, M'Inerney hitting the post with a running drop kick, whilst some magnificent shots went only in dangerous proximity to tbe Richmond uprights, the Carlton barrackers were put on excellent terms with themselves before the " intermission bell" sounded through the Northerners having made the tally of goals eveu, with four each ; Carlton having 11 behinds to their credit, whilst Richmond had only a couple. No sooner did the latter get the wind astern again than they repeated their tactics of the first quarter, but. had the misfortuue on their opening venture at carrying the Carlton citadel to strike the post. A i-TEit this, however, their forwards got in some excellent work, the Carlton defence erring at this particular juncture in forcing the play too much on the left wing (from tbe kick-off), several free kicks being given against them for kicking tbe ball out of bounds—on one occasion a goal being scored through tbe uiisadvertence. As theattack lengthened, so did the excitement increase, the uproar being perfectly deafening as the Richmond boys once more established a lead of four goals. Not to be daunted, though, or put dowu by clamour, the Carlton barrackers met the demonstration with counter cheurs and yells, rhe outcries being interspersed with such ejaculations as, "You will want them all,Richmond!" "Remember btst year!" and so forth; the latter reminder being as to the outcome of a match last season, when Carlton put up five goals in the last quarter, and turned defeat into victory. But tour goals in the concluding quarter, when both sides are evenly matched, and the only advantage to either rests with the wind and a modicum ofiuck, is a big " set"—a very big •' set" indeed -, and. although the more sanguine of the followers of Carlton loudly proclaimed their belief iu the ability of their pets to accomplish the feat, to the more level-headed of the partisans the task appeared to bo too severe. What was the astonishment of these latter, though, to find the Dark Blues sweeping all before them as soon as ever the ball was bounced, and a vigorous sally result in the fifth goal being secured two minutes afler the start ? Before they had got fairly over their surprise too the feat was repeated and re-repeated, the last goal being a remarkably close " squeak " to a " poster." So close, indeed, was it that Field Umpire Trait was unable to " decide " as to whether it was a goal or not; but the goal umpire, who had the best opportunity for judging by looking up at the post, decided the knotty point by hoisting the two tings. Three goals right off the reel without a behind looked almost too good to be true ; but the bolt of the "boys in blue" was far from spent even then, another concerted rush being followed by give and-take play, which was brought to a termination by Carlton notching the fourth goal, aud making the scores equal (as far as major points went) in twelve minutes after the final quarter had started. This put the visiting contingent up in the seventh heaven of delight; it being next door to a moial certainty that if Carlton could kick four goals in twelve minutes they would becertaintokickanotlieroneiu thirteen. But that's just where that unlucky number—Thirteen (the devil's " number, as it is termed by some.) camo in ; for despite the most strenuous exertions on behalf of tbe stormiug party — conspicuous amongst whom were Hastings, Thompson. Balharry, Hatters, Travis, Coulson, Blake. Williams, Smith, Graham, Walton, Aitken and M'Inerney— the ball would persist in dodging on either side ot tbe posts time after time instead of going between them. This bombardment was not one sustained effort, however; for on three or four occasions n determined sortie on the part of the Richniondites not only raised tbe siege, lmt made things particular^' unsettled in front of the Carlton goal, the safety of which was at various times imperilled. Just as the final bell sounded the visitors were again investing Richmond territory in force, and a heavy sigh of relief issued from Die lungs of the latter's supporters as ittinkled forth .- the board then showing—Carlton, 8 goals 17 behinds; Richmond,S goals7 behinds. ThegoalliickerB were—For Carlton: Blake, Graham. Thompson,Batters.Balharry,Williams. M'Inerney and Smith. For Richmond : Sparrow (;)), Cornigc, LafOn, M'Kay, 1'rice and Parker. TAKING the contest right through it was a magnificent exposition of football, for although Carlton's behinds were certainly disproportionate to their goals it must be conceded iu all fairness that the majority of the behinds were extremely close shaves, obtained from beautiful kicks at an extremely long distance. The play of the Carlton lads delighted me immensely: whilst the form displayed by those of Richmond completely "knocked'' me. It was a perfect revelation to see tliein play; and in young Soderstrom they have bold of the makings of the wine player ]>ar excellence of Australia. As a gen rule I do not believe in the principle of singling any player out for special distinction ; but 1 have no dijiidence in doing so with regard in Soderslrom. who put me more in mind of that Carlton Nonpareil, Jack Keane, in his palmy days than e'er a player I haic sein since. Ilight gli.il an: I that such a capable young fellow should have joined a rising club like Richmond—a club that I will stake whatever reputation as a jud^c of football 1 may have is ceitain to be very high up on tbe premiership list (if not at the apex) within the next two seasons at the outside. That is—if they stick together, and carry out the instructions of their dapper little secretary, J. II. Eastman. IT being Buch a great game, aud as I have selected Soderstrom from the Richmond ranks for a word or two more of praise than his comrades, I will do the same thing with the other party, and nominate Hastings as the bright particular star amongst a perfect galaxy of talent in the ranks of Carlton. And in doiug so, I may remark that 1 am not relying altogether on my own judgment in Hastings' case, inasmuch as a much better judge of individual play than ever 1 can hope fo'he remarked to lue when the game was over—" Whenever did Carlton get Hastings from ? He is. a Ringer!" The which no sooner did Secretary Eastman hear than he remarked—quite pathetically—"Ah! And he wanted to play with us u couple of seasons ago, before he thought of playing with Carlton." Leaving individual players alone, "t'ould club" (which is Carlton) have at last, got what they have been striving after for a number of years—to wit, good reliable forwards. With these, and with such acknowledged old heroes as Sutton, Hutchison, Coulson, Peter Williams, M'Inerney, Crapp, Batters, Woods ami Walton, their prospects look roseate in tin; extreme—if not ror this season, most decidedly in the immediate future. But as I have said to Richmond, so say I to Carlton : Let the watchword be—Unanimity. For the whole team must work like one i-.-i.-it machine, With its cogs well oiled, and its fly-wheel clean. And must never forget, in triumpliaut hour, That their worthy Sec. is the motive power. THE large attendance on the Richmond Cricket Ground militated against the assemblage on llit* Melbourne Ground, where St. Kilda aud Melbourne were trying conclusions. The Saints were the quicker artists in getting to work, two gi^ils being registered hy them before the Redlins seemed to have their eyes properly open. Tuat opened thorn, however, and to some purpose; no less than 4 goals being achieved by them dtu ing the remainder of the first quarter, whilst St. Kilda were unsuccessful in kicking aught more than two behinds; Melbourne being content with one minor point. In the second quarter honours were fairly divided, each side securing two goals, Melbourne's being accompanied by two behinds. In the tl.ivd quarter the Saints made a gallant effort to at least get upsides with their antagonists, but only annexed oue goal with two behinds, Melbourne remaining stationary. The final quarter was productive of some marvellously fine goal-kickms. no less than five being put up without a single flag being raised even once; but unfortunately for St. Kilda four of them couuted for Melbourne; the fiual result being a brilliant victory for tlwl team by 10 goals 5 behinds to (3 goals 4 behind.? the combined tally of l(i goals for only !) J)ehi»J B being "conformation strong as proofs of Holy Writ" that neither of the teams require urudi strengthening as far as their forward nieu are concerned. The successful operators wore—For Melbourne: Smith (4). Roche (:i). R. Kelly, O'Leary and Christy. For St. Kilda.- Allurd (2), Fitzpatriek, Abrahams, Marshall and Smith. TIIERK was a very fair gathering on the Fitzroy Cricket Ground to witness tlie Maroons display their prowess against North Melbourne, and as the latter drew -first Mood" (in the form of a goal) it kinder put Captain Tom Hanks and his men fairly on their merits. And, of course, when Fitzroy ware fairly on their merits something had to happen; that something assuming the registration of 2 goals 3 behinds the first quarter, North Melbourne at the same time lining held down to their solitary goal. They were evidently not satisfied with this performance, though, for instead of leaving it at 2 goals 3 behinds the second quarter, Fitzroy made it a sort of chassey-reversay " hy kicking 3 goals to 2 behinds, North Melbourne having all their work cutout for them to achieve another goal and a behind. Conquering and to onquer the Maroons accomplished 3 goals iS behinds t.he (bird quarter, an 1 2 goals ] behind the concluding portion of the game, thus winding up in a manner which augurs well for their prospects this season by negotiating 11 goals !) behinds to North Melbourne's 5 goals li behiuds. Though badly defeated tile Northerner were along way from bi'ingdisgraced : the very fact that they succeeded during the last quarter in scoring 3 goals and 3 bnlimds against such a powerful combination as l'"itz.roy are this season placing it beyond the pale of argument that at present they are occupying a false position on the premiership li-,t. Thu respective goal kickers were—For Fiizroy: Grace F:»J, M'Cov (2). Moriarty, Hanks, Tobin, Aliern, L?ydin. For North Melbourne : Launder, Morrison, Cox, Reed, Sarsfield. POUT MKLHOIIKKE (in whose ranks "Gib." Ourrie WAS numbered) journeyed to Geelong, and having won the toss they took due advantage of the strong wind blowing, and during the opening quarter never allowed the Pivotonians to have the ghost of a show whilst causing 3 goal _to bo signalled. The Geelong lads went one better than that as regarded goals when they se;ured the attentions of " rude Boreas," and having sue c riled in doubling the major points, it was in the eternal fitness of tilings football that they should halve the behinds. During this little bit of ' divarshun" on their pare the "Powts" remained inert; but on agaiu being favoured with the gale they made better use of their opportunities the result being that in the third quarter the addition of 3 goals 2 behinds agaiu placed thein in possession of the lea l; Geelong being once more passive. There was a spirited struggle for supremacy the last 25 minutes, but the Geelong goal- sneaks were hardly as proficient as usual, four behinds being registered for only one goal; l'ort Melbourne achieving one behind. The draw was a very even one on figures, Port Melbourne scoring 4 goals 0 behinds and Geelong 4goils7 behinds. Goal kickers—For Port Melbourne : DeCoit, Davey, Houston and Burns, For Geelong: Huut, M'Murray, Fraser and Considine. ESSENDON were evidently not putting their best feet foremost when they lost •!• goals and as many liehinds in securing S goals 14 behinds against Williamstown; and all the mire so as the devisions (or, rather, the non-decisions) of the central umpire were considered by the impartial spectators to militate seriously against the success of the seasiders. lie this as it may, the Football H ivometer (as exemplified bv the Scribes, Pharisees and Schoolmasters who " do " the Football Gossip for the pnpeis) is displaying a marked teudency (up to the time of writing, that is to say, Tuesday afternoon) to eb.auge from t.he "Fair Weather" which has characterised its markings" of Essendon during the last two seasons to " Stormy—With Squalls " should they happen to "go under" to South Melbourne on (jueeu's Jiirtliday. But'twas ever thus; the Living Ass has always been eulogised at the expense of the IJe*d Lion. Should Essendon heat South Melbourne, though, back the index finger will go again, the phrase—" the same old Essendon "— will agaiu be dragged in on every possible occasion, and once more the pregnant hinges of the knee will crook in humblest subservience. For my own part I fancy that Essendon are like all oMier fifst-class teams have been in their day —apt to under-estimate second-class antagonists. When they have to tackle foemen really worthy of their very best endeavours, mark my words, II'' 1 !/ will )iill be found wanting. Thurgood appears to he getting into something approximating his last year's form with the leathern oval, as be booted three goals for his side on Saturday, Sykes (2), Hall, Watson and Christian securing the other five. For Williams town the goal kickers were— Warren (2), Dyson and Jones. TUB result of the Collingwood and South Melbourne match (South Melbourne, 4. goals 13 behinds; Collingwood, 3 goals 3 behinds), played at Victoria Park, is another feather in the wings "f thu " Magpies," who promise to become full fie Iged before a number of clubs who came out ' the football shell years before them. It was ( , "iy in the last quarter that the bearers of the U M d and White banner asserted their supremacy; "ad, therefore, if the South Melbournites are as as their admirers maintain they are this season, then most decidedly Collingwood must l'">sess sin excellent chance of upsetting the apple-carts of some of the aspirants to preinier- R nip honours even if they do not succeed in running into a place themselves. The goal- U:l;era were—For South Melbourne: Watson (2), Spenceaud M'Knight. For Collingwood—Watts, Smith and VJowdell. Ashton played a rattling game for Collingwood, and there can be no opinions about tiie Carlton executive committing "a bloomer" last season when they fail'-d to recognise the talent of such a promising recruit from the Junior ranks. a A.VOTUEE Instance of the Depression of the 1'iines! On Saturday, whilst the Carlton and llii iimond match was in progress—and during the firet quarter, too!—J. J. Trait's whistle went """L; ; point-blank refused to pay out anything— p P c b not even a current account. Like everything else, It Wanted Reconstructing. EvEKYTHiNd going on O.K. with the pair of tbem, What Sort of a Gate will there be when Melbourne and Carlton meet for the first time this season on the Melbourne Crbket Ground ? That won't be for a long time yet, though ; not until tbe 12th of August. It is almost too good a thing to hope for that both may be on some sirtof an equality about that time, and neither out of the running for the Premiership. So help me ten men and a hoy, given such a consummation (devoutly to be wished !) as that, and you would find fellows coming down from the backblocks of the Never Never Country to see that match. For— Greybeards, who would be there in force, In all of their ancient pride. Would remark to each other (aside, of course)-. " In these games there was never the sign of a cross, Hut each player played it as if a Loss Were worse than aught else, beside." As has been my wont during past football seasons, I append a table exemplifying the positions of the different clubs in their trysts for the Premiership, based upon the system first advocated by me in these colunius of deciding those positions by points—to wit, J for a win, and 2 for a draw. I n the event of two or more clubs neing equal in point of average, it has been my invariable custom to place them according to priority in tlie matter of number of goals obtained as against goals lost. That I lake to lie a much fairer system than acting upon the absurd custom of allowing last year's positions to affect the present s-asou's. Following out this plan up to and including last Saturday tile following were the POSITION'S Olf THIS SBS'IOIt OLUBS TO HA.TE — Name of Club. South 31*4 bourne Ficzruj' Ksscti'loii ...' Mr>.ii>oura0 ...: :f Gcclung | :> tlirltou i '.) Richmond ...1 ;! Port, Melbourne j 3 Ou'linffivood ...j 2 WilllaTO&wwn; ...< l 2 St. KiWa ...I :i North Mrf-vnirno 1 3 • u . 5, . 12 • ' 7 21 12 1 12 ! 12 1 4-OOD 12 | 12 1 nU 12 ' li ' 1 0 ]2 | 13 A en 13 | HI • :i-:t-> 1-2 10 : 3-.TO 12 | 2 ,' OfiliS 12 I 2 ; fJOli ANALYSING matters still more closely you will find that the. six victors ou Saturday scored 4"> goals between them (at. a cost of (i7 behinds), whilst the vanquished averaged better kicking than that by registering 30 goals (as against 31! behiuds). And so tliat you may be able right throughout the season to refer to each and every goal-sneak's form at a glance 1 append the GOAL-KICKING RECORH. Goals. Goals Grace (Fitzroy) ... !) i Hatters (Carlton) Watson Williams (Carlton)... I Thnrgnod (Essendon) _1 Smith (Melbourne) Roche iMelbourne)... o Graham (Carlton) Kelly, B. (Melbourne) 1 Thompson (Carlton) 5 Wiseman (Melbourne) 1 Christy (Melbourne) 5 O'Leary (Melbourne) 1 De Coit (Geelong) ... 5 Campbell (Essendon) 1 Hastings (Carltou) ... 4 Stuckey, W. (Es'don.) 1 Banks (Fitzroy) ... 4 Wilmot (Essendon)... 1 Leydiu (Fitzro.v) ... 3 Anderson (Essendon) 1 Aliern (Fitzroy) ... 3 Kearney (Essendon) 1 Laffin (Richmond) ... 3 liall (Eiscndou) ... 1. Sparrow (Richmond) 3 Lighten (Geelong) ] O'Farrell (Geelong) 3 M'Sbaue, J. ,Geelong) 1 Allard (St. Kilda) ... 3 Reid (Geelong) ... 1 Warren (W'uistown) 3 DAvey (Geelong) ... 1 MCoy (Fitzrov) ... 2 Uurns (Geelong) ... 1 Windley, H. (S. Melb.) 2 Hry;\nt (Footscray) 1 M'Arthur (S. Melb.) 2 Walshe (Footscray) 1 Bell (S. Melb.) ... 2 Kent (Footscray) ... 1 Forman,J. (S. Melb.) ... 2 Peader (Footscray) ... 1 Moody (Geelong) ... 2 Stranger, 1". Footsc'y) 1 Houston (Geelong) ... 2 Graham (Port Melb.') 1 Hesse (St. Kilda) ... 2 Daly (Port Molb.) ... 1 Donaboo (St. Kilda) 2 Maddox (Port Melb.) 1 Watson (Essendon) 2 Fraser (Port Melb.) 1 Christian (Essendon) 2 M'Murray (P Melb.) 1 Sykes (Essendon) ... 2 Cornelius (P. Melb.) 1 Balharrv (Carlton)... 2 Marshall (St. Kilda) 1 Smith (Carlton) ...2 Fitzpatrick (S. Kilda) 1 Kelly, R. (Melbourne) 2 Abrahams (St. Kilda) 1 Hunt (Port Melb.) ... 2 Smith (St. Kilda) ... 1 Smith (Collingwood) 2 Anderson (Col'gwood) 1 Price iP-'chmond) ... 2 Foletta (Collingwood) ] Jones (Williamstown) 2 Watt (Collingwood) 1 Swan (Fitzroy) ... 1 Dowdell (Colliugw'd) 1 Kelly (Fitzroy) ... 1 Cornigo (Richmond) 1 Moriarty (Fitzroy) ... 1 M'Kay (Richmond) ] J'obin (Fitzroy) ... 1 Parker (llichuiond) 1 Kerrigan (Fitzrov)... 1 Elder (Richmond) ... 1 Burns (S. Melb.) ... 1 Dyson (W'lnstown) 1 Howard (S. Melb.) ... 1 Launder (N. Melb.) 1 Spenco (S. Melb.) ... 3 Morrison (K. Melb.) 1 Windley, W.(S.Melb) 1 Cox (N. Melb.) ... l- M'Knight (S. Melb.) 1 Sarsfield (N. Melb.) 1 Ford (S. Melb.) ... 1 Reed (N. Melb.) ... 1 Woods (Carltou) ... 1 Virth (North Rlelb.)... 1 Walker (Carlton) ... 1 Armstrong (N. Melb.) ] Wake (Carlton) ... 1 UNDEK date the 18th inst. I have received a communication from Mr. A. J. Conabee (hon. treasurer Senior Second Twenty Association), which I append in full with just a couple of observations. In the first place, that tlie subjectmatter needs no comment on my part—it speaks for itself; and in tbe second, that while I have the honour of contributing to these columns whatever services I can render to the Game of Football (whether played by First Twenties, Second Twenties or Juniors mattereth not) will lways lie esteemed by me as more of a privilege than an obligation — " Dear * Olympus,'—The rominence given hy you in this WEEK'^ M KLBOU H NE UNCH to the Senior SecondTweuty Football Assoiation's request for the addition of arule(asquot«d y you) induces me to give you the reason and intentions. Six 'years ago the Association was formed, the prime movers being Ben Champion, Murray Itoss (Geelong), A. Haddrick (Richmond), C. Carter (Carlton) and myself. Everything went on splendidly for three years, as in 1H!I() eleven out ot the twelve First Twenty clubs were represented, Richmond being the only absentee. In 1H01 our trouble first started by the Melbourne Football Club demanding tbe disbandment of their Second Twenty in the month of June. In saying demand 1 am quite correct,as the delegates assured tho Association the team were desirous of continuing without any monetary assistance whatever, only desiring the use of the Friendly Societies' Ground to play their matches on; but even that was refused them. Towards the end of the season, St. Kilda, Port Melbourne and Footscray dropped out owing to the reason of their First Twenties failing to support them; and this season WilliauistoM'n and Fitzroy have done the same. Port Melbourne and Footscray haring returned. But now the real cause of our trouble is the support awarded to Junior Clubs by First Twenty committees. In itself, it is not objectionable, were Bome rule made that would allow Second Twenties to exist. With this idea 1 proposed the discarded rule, inserting a term (not a season as sent hy our secretary). Since the above rule was carried (a month ago) I thought the matter over again.and have another proposition to make. Afterrcading your comments to-da.v (and I feel sure our Association, when they hear them, will fw;l greatly indebted to you) I think it. very feasible. It is:—When a Junior player starts with a Senior team (and goodness knows plenty do start with the season .') let him. if not considered good enough after his trial, play with that club's Second Twenty before returning to the Juniors. The benefit to tlie gauie would, in my idea, justify such arule. Plentyof young players fail todo much their first trial match : they are-too auxious. and overrunthemselvesand the ball. Next match (they knoiv it is their last trial !) the same thing occurs again ; they are then left out of the team and either return to the Juniors or turn up tile *rame, thinking to themselves—• Well, I have hada show and am a failure.' But if they played with the O Second Twenty would it not give them a better chance of showing their real form, as they would ) get used to the ground, etc.? A rule in our .! association (if they still failed to keep up their reputation) could easily be inserted anil alLw them to return to the ranks of the Juniors. 1 know plenty of nun who object to playing with a Second Twenty. Those men we are better without. What is wanted is men of Harry Boyle's principle, who, as von kuow, p'.aved for his country against the pick of England, and then helped his club's second eleven. To migratory S nior player.-; a term-with Second Twenties should be their penurify. My' argument.js that the weak Senior Clubs would iiupiove'their finances were they to support, .thi^i}' Second T« f enties, and with that ilfea : l h!\ve'.'cfel/sJ(i(|red. thjis matter. If every Senior Club' had a Second 'l'wenty, let home and bomjj .matches, be. jirraiigjjd : for instance. First Twentius '(St.! KiMi, allii" Fitzroy at St. Kilda, Second 'IVenties-kk- Fltzroy. By doing this those members who could not spare time to go to see the First Twenty play would be able to see a good game m their own district every Saturday, and the membership roll would, I am sure, increase. Would it not also be a good thing tu initiate field umpires, who are sadly needed ? As we intend, if possible, to reconstruct the Second Twenties for next aeason, we shall be thankful for your kind efforts ou our behalf." COMK on here until I expound a proposition for you :—If Two Wrongs do not make One Right can One Wright make Two Wrongs? According to the newspaper reports of last Saturday's match between Essendon and Williamstown One Wright made quite a Number of Wrongs, " Observer," in last Monday's Argus, directing attention to what he considered an error on tho part of that umpire in manner following:—"One ot the incidents of the game, which might in a closer contest have caused trouble, was the disallowing of a goal scored by Williamstown.' It was gut in a scrimmage close to the posts, and the goal umpire, being of opinion that the ball was some two yards outside the posts when kicked, was about to give it a goal, when the field umpire intervened, and stated that the ball was through before it was kicked. This was obviously a point on which the field umpire had no right to interfere, the rule being clear on tho point. Some goal umpires do not yet appear to understand that the only matter on which the field umpire has authority is the question of the ball being touched in the outfield before going through. For a touch in goal tho umpire must use his own discretion. The goal-umjiiring is as a rule so thoroughly satisfactory that too much need not be made of an occasional slip. The field umpire in this match was tried for the first time, and was hardly a success, indecision being his chief fault. To expect an umpire to be perfect on his first trial is asking a little too much, and the failure of Saturday should not debar him from a second trial." Now I beg to differ with friend "Observer" altogether in bis dictum that " the only matter on which tho field umpire has authority is tho question of the. ball being touched in the out field before going through." 1 grant him that for very many years such was the. case ; but I would direct his attention to the fact that a few years ago, when the Rules Were Being Tinkered With, the special rule (Rule 8) Iwaring on that particular point was materially alterod. The old rule was wont to read—" The Goal Umpires shall 1,0 the sole judges of goals, and of rases of ihe hall going behind gun I," ; but during the tinkering process that italicised clause was Expunged Altogether, so that now the Goal Umpire, according to the Senior Association rule (for the Junior Association have strenuously refused to make tlie emendation), has only to adjudicate as to whether the ball went between the posts or uot, the question of whether the ball F U N M N AOUnC N EH C B ABK1 has I oen behind goal or not being left in the liandB of the Field Umpire, who tho rule states "shall decide in all other matters during the O progress of the game." Of course the thing is Simply Preposterous; but there is the rule, there's no getting a way from it; and therefore Field Umpire Wright is to be commended for his intimate knowledge of the rules in this one respect at all events. At the time the clause was expunged I commented very strongly iu these columns on the power the alteration placed in the hands of the Field Umpire; and, as last Saturday's episode proved to demonstration, a serious blunder was committed when the V.F.A. allowed the thing to pass. AT the same time I drew attention to tho fact that the Exjunction of Rule 1(1 (" If the ball strike any of tile goal or kick-off posts, it shall bo counted as behind goal") was Another Egregious Blunder, as in the olden days it was found absolutely necessary to have a rule bearing on that particular poiut. By striking that rule out altogether the Senior Association (the Junior Association again dissenting, as witness their Laws of the Game for the 6eason of 1H02) virtually decided that instead of a " poster" being a behind, should the ball bounce back into the field it would be in play still. Ob ! There is no getting over that fact! Never.mind about it still being counted as a behind; it has no right to be counted as a behind. And 1 will prove my contention. The other evening, at a meeting of the Victorian Football Association, the question was brought up for decision as to whether Mr. Marshall, the secretary of the V.F.A., who, by virtue of his office as secretary, was a member of all committees, had a light to vote on such committees. As a general rule in other bodies, although a secretary is allowed to take part in all discussions, tbe right to vote is distinctly Inhu as far as he is concerned. When the, question was brought up, Mr. Marshall claimed that he had a right to vote on all V.F.A. comuiittees, inasmuch as the original rule affecting the secretary when be took otlice—namely, " That the secretary shall be a member of all committees, tu/ skull mil be entitled lo roh-," bad been subsequently altered by ilin ekjiress wish nf the, Associiilion (!), such alteration taking tue form of the last seven words 1 have italicised (" but shall not be entitled to vote'') being struck out. Under these circumstances, Mr. Marsha)] contended (and the chairman of the V.F.A decided in favour of his contention) tho amended rule abrogated theuldone —iu fact, reversed it altogether, and entitled him to vote, as he had bean in the habit of doing, on Permit and other committees of the Association. LUAVINO the debatable question as to whether the silly action of the delegates composing one season's Association, in making a very peculiar innovation with regard to their secretary, should be binding on all other delegates fioui that time forth outside the argument- altogether, I maintain that as Vice-President Alex. M'Crac.ken has decided (and his decision has b. j en acquiesced in) that the expunging ot a clause in a rule means that the elder of things shall be entirely reversed in that particular respect, then the exjunctions I have brought under notice ill Rules N and 10 (of the old code) must have the same ellect with regard to the goal umpires' jurisdiction on the ball going behind goal, and m tho case of the ball sinking one of the goal posts and rebounding back into playing ground. Therefore One Wright did not make Two Wrongs, yriW era* iWionslI-Iinilttm (Which was to be demonstrated). WITH regard to "Observer's" concluding paragraph that " the faib.-re of Saturday " should not debar Wright from a second trial, 1 fail to follow out his reasoning. Whilst granting that "to expect an umpire to be perfect on bis first trial is asking a little too much," I certainly think that a Field Umpire's first trial should not be made in a match that might, vitally alfecr a club's prospects for the Premiership. By what species of legerdermain Field Umpires are appointed and allotted by the Permit Committee 1 am mainly ignorant, but that some Very Peculiar Birds manage to alight on that particular Football Perch keeps on being made manifest season after season. THE following are the results of last Saturday's matches between the clubs playing under tho wgis of the Victorian Junior Football Association :— A SECTION.—Fitzroy Juniors beat North Williamstown by 1 goals to 1. Marylehone beat University by 4 goals to 3. Austral beat Edlington by 4 goals to 1. Carlton Juniors beat Union Jack by 3 goals to 2. North Melbourne Juniors beat Coburg by ,S goals to 2. B SUCTION.—Napier Imperial beat Brunswick by 3 goals to nil. Albion United beat Hawthorn by 4 goals to 3. Collingwood Juniors beat Camberwell by S goals to 2. Essendon District beat Rainbow by 4 goals to 2. Brighton beat Preston by 5 goals to nil. AND so that the supporters of the Rising Generation of Footballers may be able to gauge the respective merits of the twenty teams battling for pure honour and glory allow me to present you with tho following table showing their present positions ou the JUN10K ASSOCIATION PUEMIliltSHlP LIST st-'g-iigr Jr " I <5is A SUCTION. itzroy Juniois ... niversity ! orth Molb. Juniors arylebone orth Wil hametown ustral aulfleld Juniors ... nion Jack aiiuBum oburg IJ SECTION. apier Imperial ... ssendon District... awthorn nlHagwood JuniorR ranswick 'hi'in Uuitud righton ttlllbOW i resnon imberwell ,4'Hon ,2 Mi fl I 12 j t ifffi il ! J2 | 4 •]•:(. m 12 : >- i 2 lO'M'i L;I ; JS 20 . J2 •4't 00 '4 (KKJ STITJG 2T0I J-333 1-SW 