SPORTING. Nea, the dam of Cremorno, was sold somo months back with ,a foal at foot for 6 gns., and has been stinted to tho Amorican trotting stallion, Honesty. Sprig o' Myrtle was shipped on board the Britannia on Monday last, on route for India. Tho horso is under tho caro of H. M'Quado. '? Jlartindalo' fancies Joweller fo' tho Melbourno Cup and Sundial for tho Caulfield Cup, J. E. Brewer was interviewed by the authorities owing to his peculiiir handling of Rushlight II. in the Hurdle Race at Caulfield on Saturday, nnd the stewards camo to the lamo conclusion that his riding was 'unsatis- factory.' Owing to his frequent car petings the crack horseman is making himself unenviably notorious. A rumour is afloat to the effect' that the figure paid to Mr W. R. Wilson by Mr A. S. Chirnside for tho race horse Zalinski is £4000. Tim letter of J. E. Brewer to the V.R.C., authorities, complaining that certain stewards of the last Moonee Valley meeting had unnecessarily called for an inquiry into his riding of Langdule, and insinuating tlint such action was taken in a spiteful spirit, was dealt with by the V.R.C. com mittee on Monday. Brewer totally failed to substantiate the charges made, mid tho committee came to the follow ing conclusion on the case : — ' There is no justification whatever for the allegations contained in J. E. Brewer's letter.' ' Talk about bank reconstruction,' said a dejected looking man whom I (says a writer in the ' Telograph') met in Pitt street yesterday, ' why, it is nothing to racehorse owning for des troying confidence.' 'You see,' lie went on, ' I had my horse entered for the Coonanbarra Cup, and Snooks had his in the same race, and they were the only two that had a show. Now/as soon as I made a move to back mine, up went the price, and os soon as Snooks showed the slightest fancy for his it was tho same, so that neither of us could get a penny on. In this fix Snooks came to me, and proposed tlint I should stiffen my horse and hack his on tho half tincl half principle. ? Not a bit of it, said I, I can win, and I mean to. None of your crooked ways for me. Ail right, he replies, wo must only fight it out. It isn't that I'm not sure of winning, but ns things are, I thought that by a fair agreement be tween man and man we might be able to do better in the matter of odds. Now, as I could not back my own horse without putting the price up, just to punish the ring sharks I stiffened him, and through atl agent put my money on Smioks's. Snooks, however, being a naturally crooked man, and wanting to ha'e a dead sure thing, stiffened his horse, and backed mine, while all our fly friends on each side followed suit. . When the raco was over Snooks looks at mo, and I looks nt Snooks, and the bookies who laid our horses, which were the only two in the race that were hacked, looked at the both of us. Nothing was said, though, by anyone, for various reasons, and wo have never been on speaking terms from that day to this. Besides, horscracing is an immoral game, and I mean to give it up. How can there be any confidence in the turf — the business is in tho hands of men like Snooks ?' E. Gorry, who was popularly sup posed to be tho best light-weight jockey of his day, has taken 10 riding over hurdles, and on Saturday won tho little sticks event on Jewboy at Ade laide races. Repudiation, who won the V.A.T.C. Cambria Purse on Saturday in Mr W. R. Wilson's popular white and red banner, is a full brother to that sensa tional mare Tho Nun, who was dis qualified for life by the A.J.C. au thorities. Repudiation was knocked down at the St. Albans yearlings' sale in 1891 for 1 25 guineas, but there was somo misunderstanding between the vendor and the purchaser, and Mr Wilson decided to retain the youngster, the incident connected with his sale providing what was considered a sui table nnme. Mr Jas. Price, while in Naran dera, informed my esteemed brother scribe, 'Augur's Ghost,' that ho handicaps for no loss than 24 clubs at tho present time, and that his field of .labor extends from Goulliurn to Hay. When the season is in full swing the veteran has quite a busy timo of it. At the present time, however, when racing is almost at a standstill, he has a good, bit of leisure time. The Riverino handieapper, as he is popu larly termed, is, I believe, on tho ovo of spending a fortnight's holiday on Bunabogie, prior to the Hay race?, after which ho is going citywards. A sport in Melbourne, writing to a friend in Sydney ro tho V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase, says he thinks ' the Tasmanim mare Ouida is a real good, thing. She is a beautiful fencer and has plenty of pace. Coral and Sir Wilfred ho takes to be the next best ' Wm. Kelso, a youth, was charged before Mr G. W. F. Addison, S.M., at tho Central polioe court, Sydney, re cently, with having assaulted a young man named John Smedloy. Tho ovi denee showed that prosecutor was playing in a football match on Moore Park on Saturday afternoon, and a row occurred during tho play, during which accused struck pro-ecutor a violent blow on the face with a stick. His Worship remarked that tho ' barrack-, ing' that was carried on at football matches was a mean and contemptible system, and was getting wcrse and worse overy day. Actually, people were afraid to go to them on account of tho conduct of the crowd. Ho sup posed accused was proud of being a ' 'oarracker,'' but he thought that lie should he ashamed of himself. ' Bar racking' took all interest out of the game, young men acting like-a gang of larrikins. lie had a good ihilid to send accused to gnol without the option of a fine. He fi vied him 40s or ono month. 