SPORTING KOTES FROM QUEENSLAND. (TO)* OCB OTVM OOBUiaroNClHT.) Biushamx, Sunday. Xmas U»oa ileetluga. When I wrot« laat woek it lookod almoit a oorUinty that tho Christmaii fixtures would roquiro to be poatpouid iu aoupoqneuoo of tho heavy rain whioh waa then falling, but *ituvui;ii i-un iuubri)|juuuin rtmuiB uaiuo under tho iuUucnco of tho n-atory olumout, it wan Jiscorered to overyone's nurprito that tho raiu cloudu had extended no further. At Buudamlm, vhoro tbo Ipawioh Tnrf Club's meatiug waa held, uud at Toowoomba thoro had bo»u no rain worth speaking about, mid both courses wero dry and in good order, so that tho Christmas racing (lxturos woro not intorfured with. Fino weather sut in, too, in Brisbane on Monday morning, and although tbo track wan u bit wot at tbo Crook, tho Pony Association wore uimlilud lo go through with their raoos suooon»fully. At Uundauba tlioro was not a very huge attendance on eithor day, but this was ouly what might hare boon oxpoctod oousidorin^ tho many at tractions elaowhere. Still the olub got through all right without a loss, and m fur ua tho racing want there was nothing to growl kbont, for belter sport has seldom been wit ncssoa ou any of the oountry couraea for u long tlmo past. The ball v,-ns tot rolling with a Maiiiou Plato, novou furloncs, for whioh thoro wera Reven Btartors, aud tho favorite. Common, who ia a very piam looking two-year-old oolt by Phil Athol— Priuooss, but a raro galloper, won from ond to end in lmin 331*oo, another two-yoar-old, Gardoz-voua, boing ncoond. Thn Westmiustor — Jewamina maro Minster Belle, bolonginir to Mr. J. M'Gill, oarriod 7st, and boat tbo Now bold gelding Viticr by a length for tho ChrUt maH Handioap, G furlongs, in lmin 17sao ; and Wolnmbln had a vory easy task to diapose of his only opponent, Olarenoo, in tho Soiling Raco. Half-a-dozen loft tho paddock for tho Ipswich Tnrf Club Handioap, H milo, and tho local horso La Grange and Sir Oliver divided favoritism at 2 to] against thorn, whilo Kil daro was at 4'a, Bootn a point longor, and tho othors frieodloss. The champion galloway was tho first to show in front, and throughout tho run ho was uovor once headed, winning comfortably by a longth and a half from Boota, whoso form throughout tho mooting tnakos him ont a roally good horse. Tho tou furlongs woro, according to tho oifioial watoh and several prirato tiokors, loft behind in 2min ll^sao, bo that although ho had only Cat 101b on his back, Kildaro's perfonnanoo was a phonomenal ono for hui:Ii a littio follow to accomplish. Xjigraugo had a bad run all through, but although he subaoquontly dofoatod tho galloway it is doubtful if ho could bavo boaton him in tho big race of the mooting under moro favorable conditions to himself. A nloo raking oolt by Nowbold, named Hotspur, etartod favorite- for, and had an oasy win, iu tho Galloway Handicap, and Vizior was equally snocossful in the Lightning Stakes, in which ho defoatod a fluid of ten rnnnora, and ooverod tho half-milo in a tiok over 50soc. Tho laat event on tho first day'a programmo waa a Weltor Haudicap, for nmatour ridors.overa mils and a distanoo, and this wan onu of the best contested eventa of the wholo mooting. There woro fivo runners, and Boso of Drayton, riddou by Mr. B. Brown; Pirato, who had tho services of the loading amatonr, Mr. F. M'Gill j and Ao copted, with Mr. Gordon Harding in the biluuio, came into tno straiguc ioceou to gether, and raced hoad and head to tho post, tho Eoso just squeezing homo by a head in tho last stride from the ovorgrcon gelding. -On the Bocond dav thero waa a very poor field for tho' Trial Stakes, which foil an oasy thing to Boots, who oame away from hia field at tbo entrance to the straight, and won as ho likod by half-a-dozon lougths from Clinker, who is agaiu troubled with his old complaint, sore noss. MinsUsrBollo followed up hor Christ inas Hnndioap viotory with another very easy win in tho Visitors' Handicap, 6 furlongs, whioh elio ran in lmin 17{soo, tho other placo gutters boing Bose of Droyton and Holapnr; and a slippory little mare named Emu got homo in front of a strong Bold in tho 14 bauds Midget Stakos, 5 furlongs. Eight started for the seooml leg of tho double, the Summer Plato, 9 furlonga, wbioh brought about a moat exciting contost. Kildure, on tho atroiiRtli of hiB hnndioap victory, waa an oven monoy favorito, and with his ponalty, whioh raised hia weight to 7st 51b, he agnin lod all tho way until tho straight was anterod, whou Boots wont at him, and the pair ruocd locked together up thornnnitig.' Ln Grango oamo liko a whirlwind from tho turn closo to the rails, mid just got on toriua with the gal loway in the last stride, whilo Boots was -not more than a head awuy. The dead-heaters ran it off after the last race, and Kildaro again wont out a favorite, hut this timo ho had to put np with u moat decisive benting, tbo cheatnut horso having him in trouble a furlong from llomo. Pbo little follow had done a terrible lot of hard racing, aud ho was ovidently feeling the effects of it. Had he boou fresh there can bo no doubt that he would have boaton tho Ipswioh horso, us LnGriuigo, had it all ou, and tho tim*, Stnln. ?1 3-5300., was vory slow as compared with tho little fellow's ton furlongs reoord. Kildaro in a roally wonderful pony, and if hia ownor decided to Utko him down to raoe nt your suburban meetings I doubt if thoro would bo anytbingablo to mako him gallop, ovon counting in all tho best of tho Now South Wales gallo ways. Ho was brod nt Mount Brisbano, and pnrchnaed for a fen- pounds by ono of the station banda, vfho won a raco at an outside mooting with him, and thon sold him to his prosont owner. Ho waa running for a long timo nt Bruakfast Crcok, but it was not until ho got into Jack Stono's hands that he was givon a olmnoe of flying hia true colors. Common waa again Buccosafol in tho Nursery Haudicap, in which he onrried 8st lib, and ran tho fivo furlonga in lmin 3}snn; and Vizior again got home in front of Niobo p.nd Wolumbin, and fivo others in tho four fur longa Eloctrio Stakoa in SOaoo, while tho Farow.oll Handicap; : 1 milo, waa ; a soft anap for Musician, who was thrown into thohandioap nt Set 41b. Studbook, who ia beKinning to look moro like his old solf again, finished -o/Vespoctnblo noaond, nnd Sir Ohvor wita third, tho milo boing run in lmin 45koo. Tho bookmakors had. n vory bad time of it at th» mooting, as the favorites got homo in a dozon out of fourteen raoos. On the Downs the Toowcomba mooting passed off Buoaosafully, tbo attondonoo boing satisfactory and tho ruclug highly interesting. Iu tbo opening evont, which was a Maidon Plat8v fin Orraond filly n»mod Boauty finished in front of Lady Primua aud Lady Banter, bnt It was shown that aho had run iu «ido a post, nnd the raoo wns awardod to Lady Primus. Mr. J. Allman'B filly Kitty O'Sheaj' by Archie; won tho Shorta Handicap, and Mr. K. J. EaBton'a Bntler maro Slrayshot do fcatod Advance and Gazollo in the Christmas Handicap, tlio winnor gottiug hon:o bya longlh in 2min 14 l-5soo. Aurora won both Boiling Baoos, and Kitty O'Shoa won tho Vaoy Plato, 1 mile, in lmin 47 2-5soo, from Dillon nnd Exilo EC. Gazollo, by Archie, was auccosaful on tho socond dny in the Woltor Handicap, 1 milo, boating Dillon and Lady Primua vory easily in linin M 2-5soo. Kitty O'Shoa got homo iu front of Darroll and Dorothy in tho Nuraory Handicap, and Strayshot placed to nor credit the aoaond leg of the double by winning the District Plato, 9 f urlonie, in 2min lsoo, from Gazollo and Advanco. Aurora won again successful ln tho Soiling Baco, aud for tho fourth timo Kitty O'Shca. got homo in front in tho Faro well Handicap, Darroll and Dillon boing hor imrnodiato followora. Bacos woro alto hold at Gympio, Charlo villa, aud othor ooutvy towns during tho Christmas holidays, but the performom wore principally outaido horona. At tho Charters Towers J.C. meeting tho principal event was thn Club Hnndioup, H milo, which was won by Saladin, Littlo Bertie boing Bceond, aud Kiohmoud third. Nino horses started, and tho raoo waa won by a lonfftli in 2miu Uhoo. Tlie Pot Girl won tha Christmas Haudicap, bontin? Saladin ond Little Borlio, and tho Ormond filly waa bIbo KUcc»-sfal in Um Quoonton Hnndioap, runuinc the 5 furlongs in lmin ISaoc. Gaiety and Silvernpray ulso wou races at the meeting, oo that Ormond was woll represented. Q.T.O. Hammer Uacos. What a day wo had at E.iglo Farm yestor dny, to bo aoro It began mining on Friday aftrrnoon, and continued throughout tho night, but y9storday morning was bright ond cloar, and wo all thought lo httvo a nico day for tho big olub's auinoior moBtiuir. Ala3 for nil our calculations, howover. Wo had just eot fairly tottle.l down to tho day's busine**, tho a1:y, nnd tlio conrrn, whioh waa bad enough ln all conaoionoo when tho proooodinjra commenood, was toon neveral iuohga under water, atd the first part of the meoting wm (oaaplataljr ipoilt, Tm tiUaiMao* wm ft Tery poor ono, and thia accounts for the compara tively small amount of monoy put through the Challenge Totaliaator machines— not quite £2200. Th» first raoo on the ourd wan a Trial Plato, for which thoro woro night Btartera, aud Quoimi Ollvo and Clytho woro. made equal favorites at 3 to 1. Aa eveula proved, nothing had a ghost of n show iu tbo Hoft goiuir with tho Wlieatmoat oolt, Euroka, who oarnod hia 8at Silb to tho front at tho quarter milo, and fairly walked in six or seven lengths in ad vauce of Bobadil nnd Clytho, in lmin 85sec. Soven to 4 wan Vizior'n price for tho Sellinic Plato, but the favorite finished third last. Niobo, with bar light woight, shot right away from tho othors as soon kh tbo flag foil, nnd wou just as sho likod by about fiftoon lengths, Tho Bakor gotting to tha post a hoad in front of Vizior. Tho snriv'tohing of Memab, who' is a bit off nt prosant, Criouton, Wapweelah, Clinker, Bos.b, audDuko of Athol loft ten to go for the Midsummor Handioap, 1 milo 3 fur longB, for whioh Zingara was made a vory warm favorito at 5 to 2, while Mnsioian at 0 to 1 had a host of frionds, 7 to 1 boing ou uiTor about any of tho othors. Fortunately the raoo wiu run boforo tho storm camo, and backers of the favorite had mado no mislako, for aftor going 7 furlonga tho Vospasiau horso loft tlio issue no longer in doubt, bub camo an-ay from hia field and won comfortably by more than a length from Marblo, with littlo Talkative third. Munioinn ran very disappointingly; iu foot, his behaviour was moat extraordinary. Getting, nil the best of tho start, tbo Ipswioli representative lod into the straight aud punk the judgo'8 box pulling like n Btonin engine, and apparently only cantering, but from some oauso or othor ho stopped as though ho had boon shot after going two furlongs further, and by tho timo he roachod the ha!f-inilo bo was riirM out of tbo hunt. With tho oxooption of Marblo, who has improved a lot in tho bauds of Mick Quirk laroly, nnd who ran a good game colt, nothing had a dog's bIio-.v with, Ziugara, who fairly rovolled in tho heavy going, and covorod the milo aud tlirco furlongs in 2min 30J.HOO. Tho Melton Hurdlo Plato was fun after tho rain, and it is a wnmhr that moro than ono of the oight Btartera did not coino to grief, as tho ground was in ft torrible state. Tho only nn fortunato ono, however, was nn outsidor named Shamrock, who turned over at tho first fenoo. Kingloy made nil tho running, but East Lynne, who is by King of tho North from Lady Lynne.nnd who startod a warm favorito, caught him at the last hurdle, and boat him homo by tliroo lengths in the slow time of 4min llseo. Cooeo waa the favorito for tho DoncasterStnkoR, fortwo-year-olds,but au out sidor iu Omar ran away from tho Hold as soon aa the Hag went down, and managing to keftp his hoad in front of Gardoz-vons, who came with a run at the finish , and squcozed homo by a nock, and paid hia backers on the tote tho nico dividend of .£17 18s. Starting a favorito at 2 to 1 Euroka, again mado hacks of his oppo nents in tho Welter Handicap, beating Kil daro and Dnko of Athol by about twenty lengths in 2min llsoo for the nine furlongs. Thoro woro some good horses opposed to him in Accopted, Boots, Bose of Drayton, and Kildaro, so you can guess what the going was liko wheu it took tho socond horso Bomotbing like 2inin lGsoo to run the distance This fiuishod up tho day's racing, and overyono was glad to got away home for fi- change of olothoa and boots. Accident at the Creek. During the progress of tho pony and gallo way meeting ou Monday last an acoident, which was at first thought to bo very eorious, oconrrod at tho turn out of tho straight. Tho pony Moonlight tripped and foil, aud two others camo down ovar him, tho pouios and jockeys being all of a heap. Two boya nnmod Jack White and Jack Oafcloy; wore pickod up unconscious, and it was at ilrat thought that neither wonld recover, but, happily, they oamo round after a while, and aro now nearly all right again. . : Doatu orXowbold. Aftor a long and successful oareer at tho stud, Mr. John Fiunio's grand old Kelpie horse Nowbold wont tho way of all horseflesh on Tuenday morning lost, at tha ripe ago of 24 yearn. Tho old fellow was all right on tho provions day, but on Tuesday morning ho took bad quite suddenly, and died in a oouplo of honrs aftorwsrda. As the sire of Boms of the best horses evor bred in Quoonsland Nowbold will not be forgottou. Another Good Horso Gono. Word oomea from Charters Towers that tho ohampion of tlio North, Little Bortio, diod on Friday last from injnriea whiob he sustained in a fall at or after the Towers Christmas race mooting. Southport Regatta. Tbo Sonthport annual regatta came off on the Broadwalar on Boxing Day, uud proved after all a vory (mcoonsful affair. Tlioro wero three nsuling ovcnln providod for, ono for 22ft boats, ouo for 18-footora, and ono for 10ft dingies. Ths Sultana (Holcrof t) won tho 22ft racebylOsoo only from the Bulletin (Whereat) nnd Alberta. Tho Caneebio, whioh is ro gardod as.the crack boat of horolass, waaaleo ontorod, but ehp did not arrivo in timo to alart. The Sylvia (Tripoony) boiit tho Engonio (Brown) mid Tho Moiri and Niok o' Timo in the 18ft race,' and Tho Flirt (J. Brown) finished iu front of tba Iona nnd Mori tana iu the 16ft raco. [By Wdib.T Uribdjlnb, Tuesday Night. The Q.T.C. Bnocs oonoludod yeatorday in dolightful weathor. The course was in good ordor, though heavy in plucoa. About 4000 people attendod, and £3hW) wont through the. Totnlisator, ranking .£5200 for tho mooting. In spito of all drawbacks tho drib got through with a profit of . about .£100. Backcra had a terribly bad time yesterday, ovory favorito going down. Hot8pur won the Goodwood Handicap, boating Dillon, Wandoriug Jow, aud eight others iu lmin 20soo. Capristo, by Archie, won the Two-year-old Baco, getting horae in frontof Gardoz-voun, Sandy M'Grogor, and Kemarkabla. Tho first fonr homes out of fourteen startors woro by Arohio. Pingara was an ovon-monoy favorito for the New market Handicap, but had already ran aud finished last but one. Tho winuor turn.-d up in tho Marvellous colt, Marblo, who, wbou Htibsequmitly saddled, boat tho groat KiugOlaf, woight-for-ago, 9 fnrlongii, in 2uiln GJauc. The Kiui; atartod at G to 1 on, but tho thrce-yoar-old fiulahod very gamely, and bunt him by n nock. Only tliroo atartera. The Hurdlo Baco, 2^ miloa, waa won by Criterion, with Kingsloy a bad second. Tho favorito. East Lymin, foil nt the lust hnrdle when ho hod a good chance of winning. Euroka started at odds ou for the Eaglo Furra Handicap, but nnothor outBidor, Accepted, led all tlio way, nnd wou from Bose of Drayton and Syrian, Euroka boing next. The tinias wero Ten' slow throughout. At Darley's Kinnoon yearling aalo this morning thoro waa no money in tho market and only two wero sold. A groy oolt by Cadogan from Groygewn'a dam fotclicd 200 guineas, the buyer being Fred Taylor. Tho colt fioca into Hurry Walsh's stable. Ho is a vory beautiful colt, far liandnomor ami moro Erotiiirtm^' liiLiti Of ?) vjfowM cifc tho nuint) tiff o, ut it Is quostionablo whethor Cadogun will niok with old Groy Esperanto liko Vonpasian. A two-voar-old chestnut oolt, by Agamemnon —Matilda, by Ynlvortou, sold for 81 guineas. The buyor is J. Walker, ownor of Zingara. 