CHILDREN'S COLUMN. THE ELEPHANT SENTRY. AN ADVENTI-HF. IN CEYI-ON. THY DAVID KKK.] " Aro yo« ready (or breakfast, Pick ?" " I ahonld think I was. I'm like thc Irisl tenant tn the Rlory when lin met his landlon ont carly. * You see. Pat, Pm out to try mu get an appetite for my breakfast.1 ' Well Ïour honour, it's just thc other way with mc 'in out to thry and git a breakfast for mi appetite 1' " " Well, if that's so, we'll just have in th« things at once. Jack !" He followed up thc call with a peculisi whistle, which was speedily answered by ii clumping tread outside, and Dick Dalton had just time to think what a heavy-footed fcllou "Jack " iniiBt be, when in tramped a young elephant, about thc size of a well-grown horse, with a steaming kettle hanging hy a strong cord to tho very tip of his trunk ! " .Such a footman would make people stare in England, J daresay," said Frank Forrester, laughing at his guest's astonishment ; " but no one thinks anything nf it up here in thc heart of Ceylon. See how gingerly the little rogue holds thc kettle : bc upset the boiling water over bia toes once, and he't- been mighty careful of it ever «¡lice. Breakfast, Jack !" Thc elephant set down bis kettle and trotted out, returning speedily willi all the esrtontails of a good Earn Indian breakfast set ont upon a kind of basket tray, which he carried on hin trunk as before. The table was Boon (spread, und thc younger engineer and his ¡iiiesl fell lo with a will. " ls Mr. Jack your valet as well as your footman ?" asked Dalton. " Indeed bc is, and lean promise you he knows his work. Regularly every morning ami half.paçt five he comes to wukc mu by trumpeting outside my door, and if that doesn't muse mc-as it usually does, for he makes noise enough to knock thc house down -he comes right into thc room, and lays thc cold tip of bis trunk on my face." " How long have you had him ? He seems lame enough." " Well, I picked him up t hut time I went up to Korucgallc for my holiday, you know ; and that's why be is called ' Koruegcllú Jack,-' or ' Jack,' for short. Wc were out shooting, and I brought dotvn a savage old she clephunt, und this little fellow Blood by bis mol lier's body and wouldn't leave it. So then I felt sorry for him and made up my mind to take him home and rear him if I could ; and now's he's BO tame that he juat follows me like a dog." " Does ho ? Well I should think it must be rather awkward for you sometimes to have nu elephant trotting at your heels every- where/' " Well, it certainly is rather awkward now and .then. He followed me into church once, aud I had quite a job to get him out again. And then, again, when they held that com- mittee meeting uhout the new railway ut Sir Lancelot H-'s place on thc other side of the valley I had to attend it as consulting onginecr, and left Juck, as I thought, securely fastened np at home. But tho little rascal managed to get loose somehow, caine after mc post-haste, and walked slap into tho room right in thc middle of the meeting. You should juBt have seen tho fat old directors jump out of bis way. And he trotted right up to my chair and stood there as if waiting for orders. Then that saucy fellow Hawkins, who happened to bc sitting near the door when Mr. Jack pot in an appearance, called out in a loud volee, KB if announcing a visitor, ' Mr. Forrester's private secretary 1' " "Secretary, valot, footman," laughed Dick. "Why, your Jack's a regular * jack -of -all trades.' You'd better make him a chokidnr (watchman) too, and then he'll bc complete." " Well, I dare say be wouldn't make a bad one," said Frank. A few weeks after Dalton's visit Engineer Forrester wasuncxpcctcdly transferred toanew railway nearly a hundred miles away, which was being constructed through a broken and thickly-wooded track in thc heart of the mountains. This was anything but a change for the better for poor Frank, whose new house was merely a rude hut in the midst of the jungle, very different from the snug little buwjaloin (villa) in which ho had received Dick Dalton. And, worse still, he had to inhabit this dreary place all by himself ; for as there happened to be an ancient native burial ground close to it, thc fear of encountering a bh ol (ghost) was BO strong among thc superstitious Cingalese that thc boldest of them would not have ventured near thc spot after dark for any money that Frank could have offered. But ho was not altogether deserted, for there would have been no possibility of per- suading " Korncpallfi Juck " to stay behind, even hud his master wished it ; and in this lonely and dismal spot, with not a single mau near him whom he could trust, the companion- ship and affection even of an elephant were of no small value to the solitary exile. For a whole month our hero toiled away like u man, up carly und down lute, pressing on thc work with might and main, and earning from bis native w orkmen an unpronounceable Tamil nickname of ten or eleven syllables, implying " The whito man who never Biceps." In fact, he hardly ever did sleep for the first few nights, expecting to be attacked nt any moment by wild beasts or robbers, for in this savage region there were plenty of both. Sure enough one night bc saw thc fiery cycB of a huge panther glaring in at him through thc window bars ; and u few days later lie found a deadly snake wriggling ont of his bed with a sharp hi BS just ns he waB going to get into it. But this, so Frank philosophically remarked, was "all in the day's work ;" and he was just beginning to enter into the spirit of this strange life, and to settle down to it com- fortably enough, when there came u sudden and startling interruption. About the end of his fifth week in this new filuce he came home late one night from a ian! day's work BO thoroughly tired out that he had hardly laiu down when he was fast asleep. But about midnight he awoke with a start, and half raising himself, looked nrnimd him with a vague haunting sense of some imminent danger. Nothing unusual, however, was to bc Been, and just ut first there was nothing to be beard ; but nil at once tne practised hunter's quick car caught a faint sound juBt outside thc door, as if thc teeth nf u rat were nibbling at thc woodwork. Then il swung 6oftly open (the fastenings having been skilfully cut from thc outside), und in the doorway stood three tall, gaunt, shadowy forms, which a faint glimmer of moonlight showed to be armed with long knives. Thc house was beset by native robbers ! Just when Frank least expected it, thc peril for which he had watched to long hud come upon him. A report had gol abroad that thc whiteman kept in his hut a large sum of money intended to pay Iiis labourers ; and this was quite enough fur tho fierce mountain men around him, who, though fully ns superstitious us their neighbours, would have faced all the ghosts in Eastern mythology for u good chance of plunder. Thc lu ave young fellow clutched at his revolver, bul it was not to bc fuund ; it had slipped from its place, and lhere was no lime to huut for it in thc darkness. Catching up his heavy irou-spiked BtafT, he stood grimly ut buy, facing undauntedly thc enid eyes and kccn-bladcd knives of thc robbers. There wan, however, one chance left for him, and bc took it. Possibly his pct elephant might still bc awake, and within cull ; so Frank gave thc well-known signul whistle, and added to it a lusty shout of "Jack I" At this unexpected summons thc three ruffians (who had supposed him tn bc quite alone) pauBod for u moment in wonder aud dismay, and that one moment made all thc difference. There was a crash and u trump, ling outsido-a hoarse discordant scream nf rage, liko tho blast of a cracked trumpet -and down went thc tallest of tho three brigands os if struck by lightning beneath a resounding whack from the trunk of Frank's fcur-footcd sentry. Thc two other yillaius, thoroughly scared hy this slrauge and formidable attack, took to their heels at once. But they were not I destined to get off so easily, for the trusty Jack, whose blood was thoroughly ap at mia assault upon his adored master, pnrsucd so hotly after thc flying thieves that one of them fell head foremost into a wet aud muddy ditch, and thc other could only escape tho elephant's rush by plunging recklessly into a thick clump of thorn bushes, which scratched him so thoroughly from head to foot that he looked like a railway map done in red ink. " Well done, Jack, my boy," cried our hero, stroking approvingly the huge flapping ears of his rescuer, when thc latter came back from the chase. " Old Dick told mc that I ought to make a watchman of you, and, 'pon my word, you've acted as one to good purpose this time.'-Harper* Young People. 