A BREAD RIOT. That was an awful day in the manu facturing village of Greenfield. Men with hungry desperate eyes ran to and fro, and uttered fearful threats. Women, with arms raised, so gaunt with suffering that they might have been the arms of spectres, cried for bread. Little children, out of whose faces want was stamping all that is fairest in childhood, followed at the heels of the men and women, echoing them. Others, scarcely less poor, yet with some fragments of food left, barred their doors, and crouched in corners, dreading the coming of the angry, hungry, desperate mob. And so the day wore on, and the mob had done no violence. As the sun went down, the moon rose in peaceful majesty, and showed the faces of starving men and women more ghastly in its ghostly light. Then one, with eyes like fire, stood out from the crowd, and uttered words that fell on heart and brain like burning brands; and he cried, at length, " To the mansion ! to the mansion!" and his words were echoed in a great roar by the mob, "To the mansion; to the mansion !" The mansion was the home of stern Michael Cathers, owner of the mills. There he lived with his daughter Helen, a fair-haired, blue-eyed girl, whom all loved. Months before, un able to obtain orders for his goods, he had closed his mills, and five hundred men and women had been thrown out of work. With all his unyielding stern ness when opposed, he had been a fair, and, at times, a kind master, and they bore this patiently. Heaven knows the poor are patient ! But the time had come, at last, when their little savings were spent, and men, women, and children cried for bread; not for plenty, but just enough to keep life within their starv ing frames. But it came not. Who could be patient then 2 Not the best of us ! Thus it was they rose at last, and were as restless as a sea. But times had gone hard with Michael Cathers too. In his stern pride he would keep it from the world to the last; and only father and daughter knew the mill-owner was insolvent. Men had failed him every where, and it was only a matter of time as to when his name should be among the list of bankrupts. His daughter Helen was of age, and, through the will of a deceased relative, rich; but her father, in spite of her pleadings, had refused to touch a penny of her money. They were sitting together, father and daughter, waiting for what the father had said would be inevitable-the coming of the mob. " Let them all come," murmured Michael Cathers, grimly, and pointed significantly at two revolvers on the table. But Helen pleaded with him and for them. "I have money, it is yours," she said. But he answered " Force and threats have never moved Michael Gathers yet; they shall not now." Long ere the crowd had reached the lawn, they heard its roar. Ruthlessly the feet of frenzied men and women trampled upon the flower-beds. Al though the moon was full, some carried torches, and, swinging them round, made lurid rings of flame. Michael Cathers stepped to the window and looked upon them. They howled at him, and shouted " Work or bread ! work or ,road !'" The flickering light of t:...r torches showed his face to them set in stern defiance. The starving men and women were maddened by the sight, and one cried " MichaelCathers, yourlife or bread !" The crowd took up the cry so wildly, that its sound seemed to bear in giant waves against the unflinching old man. "~ MIichael Cathers, yourlifeor bread !" Although he raised his hand to still them, his face was white with passion. The crowd silenced for a moment to hear him. WVith no tremor in his tones, he answered fiercely ' Neither my life nor bread ! Starve, you hounds-starve !" Quickly he slammed the shutters. Just in time, for against them beat a shower of stones. "The door! the door !" velled the mob, and strong men threw themselves ,against it, till the strong timber trem bled. Helen had stood without moving or uttering a word through all this; but now she was all determination and action. Her father had returned to his chair. In each hand he held a re volver. He was seemingly unconscious of her presence, and did not even glance at her as she stole to the door. Quickly she stepped out into the hall, locking the door behind her. Her father, now aroused, cried "Helen, come back !" For the first time in her life she must disobey him. " No, father. Though you are armed, you can but kill one or two of these poor creatures, who know not what they do-then you will die." He made some answer, half-com manding, half-supplicating, but she did not hear it. At that moment the door below gave way, and the mob came rushing up the stairs and into the hall There was a bright light there, and-they paused involuntarily at the sight which met their eyes. The girl, never more beautiful, her back against the door, faced them fearlesely. In her eyes was her father's fixedness of purpose, tempered by a kinder heart. Her hair fell in golden waves about her shoulders, and her dlcheeks were red with excitement. The mob were quited on the instant as they might have been if an angel had stood in their way. One, the man who had started the cry, "Your life or bread 1" stepped towards her "We woilddn'tharm you, miss, but we want your father." "Can this be yon, James Lawrence ?" She said no more. There was such reproach in her tones that the man blushed; she had been kind to him and his many a time. But, as one, who I has some justifiaction, he called, "Jane Jane." Out from the crowd stepped his wife, the very ghost of a woman. holding in her phantom arms the very ghost of a child. There was no need for James Lawrence to speak, nor did he. It was a sight to make an angel weep. The tears came to Helen'e eves. From her pocket she drew a purseful of coin. Slipping it into Lawrence's hand, she said "Bay what you can with this for yourself and the rest of these suffering men and women." Addressing the crowd, she went on: "My father is as powerless as the poorest among you, this night. He has always dealt honourably with you, and you should have trusted him, not tried force. He is powerless, but I am not. I have money, and the mills shall be started to-morrow. I give you my word." What a shout went up! what tears streamed down wan faces ! James Lawrence, sobbing like a child, said, "Mrs. Helen, I will never forget this till my dying day." Turning towards the crowd, he asked, "Are we thankful, all" "Yes, yes ! Heaven bless her !" roared they the answer. "Will we ever forget her kindness " "No ! no! no!" So, by the bravery and charity of Helen Cathers, the riot was over. Peace and plenty were in Greenfield. Five years have gone by. Michael Cathers has long since been laid away in the church-yard. Helen, no longer a Cathers, is married, and a mother. Happily married, too is she, as one can see at a glance upon the face of her husband. And that baby ! was there ever such a baby from the flood ? It was a beautiful spring day. The prospect of a walk in the wood near the town had been too great a tempt ation for the nursegirl. She disobeyed orders in going there with the baby. There were rumours of a roaming wild cat; two or three men said they had seen it. The girl though knowing this, went deep into the wood, the baby in her arms. It was sunset. Helen and her hus band were seated on the veranda, and wondering what had become of nurse and baby. Suddenly they saw the girl, with face white. running towards them, but the child was not in her arms, "Please, mum," she sobbed out, "I was a-walking in the woods, when I seed a great cat, and I run and it fol lored. It would have killed both of us, I knows, but Jim Lawrence, him as lost his wife and child a month ago, steps up and meets it. I was so scared, I left baby on the ground and run." This, not a very lucid account at best, was so interrupted by the girl's sobs, that the father and mother under stood nothing more than that their child was in danger from a wild-cat. Helen did not scream nor faint As upon that night of danger, five years before, she was all action. She followed her husband as he rushed to wards the wood, pushing the nurse be fore him, that she might show him where the baby was lying. In what seemed an age to the agonized parents, but was, in fact a few minutes, they were upon the spot. There lay the baby, unhurt ; a little distance off the wild-cat, dead. Terribly wounded, James Lawrence was stretched upon the ground, death stamped on his face. The mother's cry of joy, asshe pressed to her bosom her child was changed to a moan of compassion as she looked at the man who had purchased its life with his. From a wound in his breast (they could see it through his torn clothing) blood was flowing in a stream which no skill could stop. Moment by mo ment, swiftly and surely, it was bear ing his life away. Husband and wife took each a hand of the dying man. "I am going to see Jane and the boy," he murmured. "Oh !" sobbed Helen, "what can I say to you, James, this houri" What a smile was upon his face, as he answered, "You need say nothing; I have only paid a debt." "Do not say that, James Lawrence. WVhat debt do you owe me, that you should repay it with your life 1" He asked them to raise him slightly, that he might lay his head upon her shoulder; then he answered her answered as one that beholds a vision. "I see myself, one of a mad mob' bent on destruction and death. I am starving, my wife and child are starv ing I am crazed, and know not what I do. I would stain my hand with blood ; but suddenly an angel- aye, an angel-stands in my path. The in stinct of crime dies from my heart. I show that angel my wife and child who are dying for the want of bread. Then the angel weeps, and gives us food and work, and I long to kiss her hand; and I tell her I can never forget, and my life is hers from that hour." His words fell strangely clear for one so near the "valley of the shadow ;"' but ceasing for a moment, he strove in vain to speak again. The smile upon his face changed to one of joyous wonder. Even after he was dead the smile was still there, as if his spirit wife had kissed him as he passed away. Tey were speaking of the richness of the soil in different parts of the world. The man with the big ears gave his experience. •'Once there was a man," he began, "who went into the woods and chopped down four trees. He used the four stumps for corner posts, and built a nice log-house on these stumps. Then he and his family went to bed in that house. The next morning he found himself with his family sixty feet up in the air, with a lot of Indians down below waiting to fight them." "You don't mean to tell me those trees grew sixty feet in one night !" said the man with the slouch hat. "Sir, I do," was the reply; "and not only that, they hoisted the house up with him." -'Are you sure it was not sixty-one feet 1 "Sir," said the storyteller, ',I never pre vadricate, especially on one foot." "How did they get up to them ?" "Respected air. those Indians each one sawed off a tree, then each one sat on a stump, and those stamps grew the Indians up to the house, and then they scalped the family." It was the greatest case of up a treeI ever heard of 