THE MONTH OE MAT AND THE MONTH OE MAET. Dr. Oullen gave his imprimatur to tne ' Manual of the Month of Mary,' by the Rev. John Wyse, published by J. Duffy, Dublin, 1856. In it we read thus — ' The month of May has not always been consecrated to our Lady. The devotion is of comparatively recent date in the Church, hardly earlier than the end of the last century. — p. 1. Again — 'From external pressure and other circumstances, the ancient forms of devotion are not so generally followed as of old, . . . The blessed Mother of G-od must be venerated and prayed to at any cost. Hence the multiplication, by Church authority, of the festivals of our Lady ; hence the institution of numberless confraternities in her honour ; hence the investiture of the various scapulars of Mary ; hence the. many public devotions, the indulgenced prayers, the rosaries and medals we wear — and, lastly, the most beautiful idea of consecrating our sweet month of May as a special act of homage to our Blessed Lady. ' This touching devotion, like so many others, originated in Catholic Italy., It was a holy missionary, named Father Lalomia, who appears first to have thought that, in the same way as the servants of Mary are Oiccustomed to honour her on one day particularly in the week, and to pray to her thrice a day besides, so it would be right and congruous to conse crate one month in the year to the especial honour of Our Blessed Lady. And what month could have been chosen more ap propriate, or more like to Mary herself, than that in; which .all nature is fresh, and when the green foliage and the smiling fiowers seem so charmingly to invite us to love God and his Blessed Mother ? The Holy Father Pope Pius VII. soon ap- proved of the pious design, and in order to give signal encouragement to so sweet a devotion, an apostolical brief, of the 21 st of March, 1815, accorded an indulgence of 300 days, for each day in the month, to all the faithful who, during the Month of May, should honour the Most Holy Virgin by devotions, prayers, and other acts of virtue, and a plenary indulgence on one day in the same month, when, having duly : confessed and communicated, they pray for the necessities of the Church, and the intentions of His Holiness, Both indulgences can be applied, by way of suffrage, to the souls in Purgatory. Sanctioned by such authority, the Month of Mary could not fail to spread and to prosper. And there are now few places in the Catholic world, where this holy observance is not regularly carried out. Many blessings are sure to follow in the train of Our Lady, and wherever the Month of May is so consecrated, there sinning souls are converted to grace, piety blooms forth anew, and the faith is sensibly revived. So true is it that no one ever invoked in vain the intercession of the Mother of God. ' The devotion of the Month of Mary is variously performed, according to the opportunities at hand or the places we are in. The most common way is to decorate an altar of the Blessed Virgin as profusely as possible with flowers and candles, and to meet there at a certain time in the day, or in the evening to recite the Litany, to read some pious meditation, or to listen to a discourse, and to recite some prayers directly to Our Blessed Lady.' — pp. 3-5. Again it says of Rome : ' The eternal city is conspicuous for its devotion to the blessed Virgin. . . . Everything is done there, that can be done to honour the Blessed Vvgih. . ; . . The, very atmosphere of Rome breathes devotion to Mary. . . No less than forty-six different Churches dedicated to the honour of Mary. . . . There scarcely exists a street, or even a single house, that does hot boast at least of one image; or picture of our Blessed Lady, and not unfrequently of many, more. A light is always burning before them ; , add on feast days seyeral.' — pp. 29, 30, 50 Tet of this same Rome Dr. Dixon of Armagh writes this sad account : ' When I visited Rome for the first time about eight years ago, I vainly imagined that I should find almost every one in Rome a model of perfection in his state of life. . But the history of a few subsequent years undeceived me, and taught me, what I might have known before, that in Rome, as well as in every other large city, the Arch-enemy of God has got many followers. The piety of Rome shines forth conspicuously in its devotion to most Holy Mary. . . . Rome, indeed, glories in being under the especial guardianship of Mary. . . . There, more thanelsewhere,doe8 she display her power in crushing the serpent's head; ;for ,in Rome, too, as well as over the entire earthj that battle goes on between Mary and her seed on one side, and Satan and his seed on the other.' — The Blessed Cornelius, pp. 38, 89. Duffy, 1855. What, then, is Rome the better of all this devotion to the Virgin, while the free use of the Bible and Protestant worship are forbidden within its walls ? In the Holy Bible, the written Word of God, we read, ' If God be for us, who is against us?' — Rom. viii. 31, R. C. Version. But in the ' Glories of Mary,' cordially recommended by Cardinal Wiseman, we read, ' If Mary be for us, who shall be against us ? ' — p. 71. In the Bible is, ' God so loved the world as to give his only begotten Son,' &c.; — Sb. John iii. 16. R. C. Version. In the ' Glories of Mary ' we also find — ' Mary so loved the world, as to give her only begotten Son.'— pp. 449 and 32. Are Protestants guilty of ' blasphemy ' for saying with St. Augustine, on the words " Woman, what have I to do with thee ? " — ' The mother demanded a mira cle, but he, in divine operations, does not recognise maternal authority, and says as it were. Thou didst not bring forth my wonder- working power— thou art not the mother of my divinity ? '—See Archbishop Kenrick's new translation of the New Testament-note on St. John ii. 4. Does not the Holy Ghost also state, that the Lord Jesus Christ ' was made of the seed of David, according to the flesh ; ' and again — ' of whom is Christ according to the flesh ? ' — Rom. i. 3 ; ix. 5, Dr. Cullen's Roman-catholic Bible. In Gother's ' Papist Misrepresented and Represented,' abridged by Dr. Chal- loner, he says, ' Cursed is every goddess- worshipper, who believes the Virgin Mary to be any more than a creature; who worships her, or puts his trust in her more than God ; who believes her above her Son, or that she can in anything command him;' to which all Roman- catholics are to say ' Amen.' — Milners Und of Oontroversift Letter xxxiii., pp. 334-35. Can any Bible-reading Roman-catholic join in adopting these words from St. Bernard— ' That a God should obey a woman is a humility beyond example : and that a woman commands a God is an unparalleled privilege ' ? Does the 'woman' Mary now command the . Almighty God ? — Pastoral on the As sumption. Hear, now, the words of i>r. Paul Cullen himself : 'Nor can it be doubted that the despairing sinner, who sees even in a crucified God but a prodigy of j ustice, has often felt his heart melt into compunction as he raised his eyes to her in whom he saw nothing but mercy, and through whose intercession he dared to hope for pardon ! ' — Pastorals for May, 1851 and 1852. When they call the Blessed Virgin ' the Mother of God,' they believe the Athanasian Creed, which says, that Christ is ' God of the substance of his Father begotten before the worlds; and Man of the substance of his Mother born in the world ? ' And again ' Equal to the Father as touching his Godhead, and inferior to the Father as touching his Manhood ? ' Why do they not observe the distinc tion of the Lord's two natures given in the note on St. John xiv. 28, in his own Bible, where, on the words, " The Father is greater than I," it says thus — "For Christ being at this time shortly to suffer death, signified to his Apostles his human nature by these very words ; for as God he could not die, and therefore as he wda both God and man, it must follow that according to, his humanity he was, to. die.' And why not say the same as to his being born ? 7 , G. C. ni. G.--GlraDd, dross St. Sliohael and St. Qeorge. . Aye. so it has beau. .But benoeforward Leo Xtll,, St. Mtohael shaU not be aasooiatad with St. Gabrge for marry Eegland, but with St. Pater. Sc. Miohael aad St. Peter. The Prince of the Angels and tha Prlnoe of the Apostles. Why this would be real promotion to a saint who has hitherto to share even one holiday with St. JuJa; St. Simon and St. Jnda oonld not be accom modated with a day each, Tae order would henceforth be U.P., without the £300 a year. Sere are permutatioue. fil.P., for Simon Peter. The prophecy said of the bad king ihithe would think to change laws and eeasous. Perhaps Leo Xlll shows too much readiness to act the role. Safer for him far to let sleep ing, dogs lie. In some parts of the world the papalini aro aronsing the nationalists to the necessity of taking arms to defend their liberties. Everybody sees this tendenoy in the U. S. A. where Romish zealots are really prodnciog oivil war. ' . Daring the Rev. John M'Neiira_ recent mission in Cork the large oirpns , building wM nightly crowded.. Hundreds ;of Roman p »th- olios were .present in thb .gaUeri6B,,. 8lthoagn I expressly forbidden to be, there by their I priests. 