THE MALIGNANCY OF INANIMATE THINGS. A rising foreign philosopher has, we are told, been developing a curious theory as to the malignancy of inanimate objects. The author of the theory appeals very wisely in the first instance to the common experience of all human beings, and then, having secured that substantial basis of acknowledged fact, proceeds to work out his general theory. Many another doctrine—that for instance of the ghost revisiting the glimpses of the moon — it argued after a different fashion, and even after a different principle. It would be of no use now-a-days to begin with an appeal to our common experience of ghostly apparitions. We are like the Spanish soldier who declared that in one of the great battles of Spain Saint James himself had CHARGED UNDER THE SPANISH FLAG, but added modestly, " unworthy that I was, although in the battle I was not favored with a sight of the blessed saint." But the philosopher who theorises about the malignancy of inanimate objects can seize at once upon a common and indeed universal experience. Let us have the facts to begin with, and then we can get at the theory, perhaps. At all events we can get on the way to it. Who does not often writhe under and storm at the malignancy of inanimate objects ? The footstool that was undoubtedly put carefully into a corner—how does it come to be in the middle of the room ? The fire which was blazing up a moment ago—why is it dead out already. The water tap from which one fills a jug seems never to flow freely while he stands over it ; but let him divert his attention for one moment to any other object, and AFTER HIM THE DELUGE. The latch-key—but then, perhaps, we had better not lay too much stress on the troubles with the latch-key, inasmuch as unphilosophical levity might suggest an welcome explanations. The pebble that comes in the way of the hero's horse and upsets the hero is a striking illustration on a grand scale of this alleged inveterate malignancy of inanimate objects. On a smaller scale of illustration, why should the razor which shaves so keenly one day utterly decline to shave at all the next day, and then, being neglected and thrown aside for a week, establish a new and malignly- meant claim when TRIED AGAIN IN DESPAIR, and become sharp as the Roman King's razor which c t the whetstone through ? Why will the watch stop at the very time when we most want it to keep going on? We might go on through a whole catalogue of such experiences, the daily experiences of most of us. There is no question—there can be none—as to the experience. Let any of us take notice on any day of the number of times on which he has been obstructed, harassed, annoyed, made to lose his temper—sometimes almost made to lose his wits by inanimate objects, and he will then be wrought into a mood of mind to appreciate better the force of the new philosophic theory. We confess that, although we find the theory interesting, we do not see that it is likely to enrich the world with any new and practical rules for the guidance of everyday or any day life. Because if these inanimate things are really malignant, they will be malignant still, after philosophy shall have recognised THE FACT OF THEIR MALIGNITY. But, if we were to refuse to consider a theory merely because we did not see what practical good considering it would do, we should be cutting ourselves off from some of the finest theories with which philosophy has from time to time refreshed the world. As, therefore, after centuries of evolution, the vexations and impatiences of mankind under the refractory conduct of inanimate objects, have at last crystallised themselves into a theory, we feel bound to commend it to public consideration, even although we do not feel in any way assured that the common round and the daily task will be made much the easier by its recognition. Nothing can be in its way MORE IRRITATING THAN THE LUCIFER MATCH. Who can tell when it will light, when it will refuse to light, when it will break in the middle, when it will snap off just at the top after lighting, and leave its fiery head on one's hand ? But all this will go on no doubt even after the world has accepted the philosophic theory but the lucifer match is a malign and a capricious thing like some ill-conditioned gnome or sprite or imp. We cannot educate or convert or punish a lucifer match any more than we can an ill-conditioned gnome or sprite or imp. But we are for receiving and discussing the theory all the same. It might perhaps relieve the feelings of a human being now and then to know that when his water- jug for no apparent reason broke away from its handle, or when his coffee at a railway station would not cool in time to let him swallow it before the starting of his train, or when his coffee at home cooled so instantaneously as to make him unwilling to swallow it at all—it might perhaps relieve his feelings to know that he was struggling against a malicious enemy, and not suffering from a commonplace accident. A great devotee of Schopenhauer, developing not long since a principle of that philosopher, discussed the possibility of bringing an odious and hopeless world to a close by AN ACT OF UNIVERSAL SUICIDE. But he admitted certain doubts as to the feasibility of accomplishing such a purpose. The whole human race might, he thought, be brought into that league of universal self-obliteration. Even the lower animals ought be persuaded or coerced into the same arrangement. But his hesitation was as to what are called—unphilosophically no doubt—the inanimate things. His conviction was that the world began with the inanimate things, as we call them. They started the whole business, and then came the lower animals, and then came man. Now suppose man were universally willing to extinguish himself—what guarantee could he possibly have from these inanimate things that the moment he had disappeared they would not START THE WHOLE MACHINE OF EXISTENCE all over again. You cannot have a compact with the sands of the desert or the salt of the sea or the stones in a quarry. You cannot have a treaty with the dust of the highway or an alliance with the coals in a mine. Even if you could have such an arrangement, who could answer for its being carried out ? Who could trust these things to keep their plighted words ? The moment our backs were turned they would be sure to set the whole mechanism going again, just for the perverse fun of the business. Now it seems to us that there is a great deal of practical good sense in that idea. It works in very well, also, with the theory of the later philosopher about the malignancy of inanimate things. The moment these inanimate objects found that there was anything man- kind particularly wanted them to do, then they would instantly, and OUT OF SHEER MALICE, make up their minds not to do it. We can judge of that from that common and trying daily experience to which we have already referred. The disciple of Schopenhauer had not, perhaps, when he developed his doubts ever heard of what we may call the inanimate malignancy theory. But if he had heard of it, and admitted that there was something in it, he would assuredly have found himself strengthened in his wholesome scepticism. He might still find sermons in stones, but he would feel sure that it would be futile to trust to the promise of a stone that it would cease growing just to oblige him.— " Daily News." Mr Walter Besant is going to Chicago as the delegate of the Society of Authors to the Conference of Authors convened in that city for 10th, 11th and 12th July. According to " The Literary World," he leaves England to-day (10th June) by the Etruria, having arranged to pay a visit to several of the New England cities. He will visit Niagara on his way to Chicago. Mr Besant will read a paper on " The Work of the Society of Authors," and will be the bearer of numerous papers by other leading members of the society. 