ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL. Yesterday afternoon the Dean of Hobart, the Very Rev. Chas. Leslie Dundas, M.A., for fully laid the apex stone of the chancel of St. David's Cathedral. The weather was exceptionally unpleasant at the time, heavy drenching showers of small rain drifting up from the south, as it has been doing for some days past. At 4 o'clock the stone was hoisted into position, and the Dean, with a small steel trowel, spread the mortar where it was necessary. Before the stone was lowered into its place a bottle, containing a copy of HI. David's Parish Magazine, a photograph of the Bishop of Tasmania (Right Rev. Dr. H. H. Montgomery), tomb Tasmanian stamps, coins of the realm, and a document certifying that the Dean Nil the stone, was placed in a cavity prepared to receive it. When the (stone was lowered the Dean tapp d it three times with a mullet, and consecrated the work in the fallen log form : "In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this apex stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, " O God, who art the shield and defence of Thy people, be ever at hand, we beseech Thee, to protect and succour the builders of this work, that that which has been done by their labour may be brought to a happy and, through Jesus Christ our Lord. " Prevent us, O Lord, etc." There were present at the ceremony The architect (Mr. Geo. Fagg), and the contractors (Messrs. R. and T. Stabb and the masons employed on the work. The service, though of a simple character, was very impressive. The apex stone is 70ft. above the ground. and upon this we 1 be placed a beautifully- ' carved crost as a finial. The cross, which is 25ft. 4in. by 3ft, 9in. and 6in. thick, is of white Tea Tree stone. It is the work of Mr. T. Salter. It was not placed in position yesterday, as it might possibly be injured by the work which in going on at present. The rest of the addition to to? cathedral is wrought in brown stone from Knocklofty. It is of beautiful colour, and is relieved by the delicate tracing of the windows, which are also carved in white Tea Tree stone. The stonework is now completed ; the roof and flooring and the glazing of the windows are all that remain to be done, and it is estimated that three months hence will teeth completion of the whole work, but it it not until January next that the chancel will be consecrated. This will be done while the Hobart Church Congress is being held, when advantage will be taken of the presence of a large number of visiting clergy from other colonies. The east window is a very beautiful piece of masonry. The heads of the five lights are foiled, as are the apertures in the tracery. The side windows are scarcely less graceful in design. The decorative stone-work is especially worthy of commendation, and the compliment paid by the Dean to the architect and the builders was well-earned. The windows are to be fitted with plain cathedral glass at present, but the beauty of the chancel would be greatly enhanced were they of stained glass, in keeping with the exquisite dealgDS to be seen in the nave of the cathedral. Beneath the window are five shields, upon which it is intended to carve the armorial bearing! of the first five Tasmanian Bishops. Bishop Nixon's, will be the first emblazoned there, and will occupy the centre shield. There is to be a chapel at the tide, which will be called the Nixon chapel, after the first Bishop of Tasmania, the Right Rev. F. R. Nixon, who was enthroned July 27, 1843, just 60 years ago, Beneath the chancel will be the choir, vestry, and other offices ; the vestry for the Bishop and clergy being on a level with the chancel it a alf. The beauty of the chancel will not be fully appreciated, even when it is completed, unit as an elaborate stone altar in keeping with the work is erected. The building of a cathedral is always a work of many years and great coat, but it must be admitted that the building of this very important addition to St. David's is on a plane with the excellence of the workman ship, for it is little more than two years ago since Sir Robert Hamilton laid the funds tion stone of the chancel. 