[?] I . "I-suDposeoulare going to.the Gup," gidmy friendHenaedyte me,asas wemt nmnMofi oar last 'pipe 4n his snog hrtle "broom. away &r; 'few, discussing nearly evervthing under the sua, fromnieta- Tysica to music,- snd 'from "politics tq polygamy. He was a matt or wide culture, the -Bev. Tom -Kennedy, .pastor of the little town, and hisgenialyet- sincere soul was -as free from intolerance of other people's opinions as it was Irani doubts About the absolute Tightroess of his- own. Kennedy and I — the State school teacher at Yaabunyah— became fastf riehds from the first. We "soon learned that there were some subjects which we bot h felt to be too sacred "to he squabbled about, and we deft "them alone. There were plenty of things upon which we could agree or differ to our mutual advant age— the newest boohs, the latest turn In the political situation, scientific dis coveries, agricultural affairs, and a hundred other matters that cropped up in the most spontaneous way. Kennedy had an inexhaustible fund of < anecdote,: . and a vast experience of the world, which ..to me, as an -Australian, whose . know ledge of other lands was solely derived from books, made his company over delightful. He would throw himself, back in his arm-chair, close bis- bright, Saxon blue eyes — as was; his manner in recalling any picture- of the past — and describe, with a graphic fluency of which only an educated Irish-; man could be capable, some scene or inci- - dent of his youth in his own country, or in Italy, whose art galleries and fine cities he knew well, or in sunny Spain. He had a profusion of brown curls that clustered all round his Well-formed, rather smftll head, and his slifirhtlv aauiline nose and small, refined mouth, with the furrows of advancing ago beginning to form,; accurately denoted the strength and refinement of his character. " No," I said, in answer -to his ques tion. 14 1 am not going to the Cup; . you're j oking. But I am going to Mel bourne on quite other business." He laughed and came to the door with me as I rose to go. Thenigh twas forbidding. : I had to walk through a dense stretch of ? ti-tree scrub that was now crackling in J the wind with that- rheumatic, creaky noise which this shrub gives forth. The ; rain was descending in torrents and the; ground was covered with soft, deep! inud like a swamp. "Ok, come in and watt a bit-longer," said Kennedy, ' the rein may ease off in; a little while, and in the meantime, - I'll tell you a story of one of the queerest horse races T every heard of. It is a true story, and is about one of the contests for the' Melbourne Cup. You have a fondness for ghost stories, with your new psychical research craze. This story is a real ghost story, and 1 may add to ydu that I believe it every bit ; oh , yes, there is uone of your; new f angled disbelief in the supernatural; about me. There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in' our cold, materialistic philosophv, I can; tell you." 1 I turned and looked at the warm, \ cozy room, and then peered into the cold, j stormy night without. With one of j Tom Kennedy's stories to eoine I needed; no other persuading, so I shut the doori again anl settled down on the -sofa to? listen. ; My friend the parson refilled and lit his; pipe, and mixed himself a glass of Irish whisky. 14 1 always like to tell a story: under the most comfortable circum-I stances, ' ' he said. Besides, anything in ' the nature of a ghost story, particularly j oue in the genuineness of which you be- teve, makes you need the consolation of the finest ot mundane realities, whisky1 tobacco, to keep off the creeps. - Wen t you drink'?" I "Not j ast now," I -relied. " Perhaps j Oywant one before heaviug." \ Yes, perhaps -you will," be said a smile. " mbeA Iyntj Tpfcg to tell you is u .death -bed inci- / It was — let me see, twenty-five, ; enty-8ix>»aye, It must Be more than) tTatber oven- thirty "years ago ; it! , yte only a -year or two "after T 1 to tk,d-thBhwaste. 1J ' yonng man then, and as euthu- as you are now. Yotfth is the e of Tnagnificgntsuthushttms. TYhenj frttt C01n to get old, us T am doing, > conviction. : uotahrays, you say, but generally. : L?8 ""oiiugin Melbourne then, t--it was jqst auchn sight I remember— T was called to tthe % dying mail. The giH \- tae 'house was "a -wanton, mnm to fetch a brother parson, with % heff-goBB tew days, untTIdfftered to go Wto a niisetible I1 a street jome- It wasTaming the ,|tnj»S?8.?re 'wretmd creature, Who; terror ami "misery, was Cloak of-me— ; 4he oqjgdfi t have been eigktu — orymg WUl%e in rime.'" ' . at thehoUseI oundiheman low-wooden bed, covered with a -dirty "quilt. j9l doctor Was 'there, about to takeliis leave. ' What is the matter with bim, doctor I " Y.said. TDhe medical man shrtigged his shoulders in . a manner that .seemed o suggest that, it did not much.inatter, tandatod,. J He won'tlive :SpJ h.G Ws wants to die ; his-name isCallaghan ; he has been asMng lor a \- P£K erer since I have been here. 1 here s something on liis mind I fancy. c< ' Will he live through the night ? ' I masked. 4 Well,5 the doctor replied, 'I think he may. But his system is destroyed by drink aud excesses, I should say. Better dead.' " The eallousness -of the tone grafted harshly -on my religious feelings. The worse the man may be, the less -fit he is to "die, I -thought;. That is where religion and mere cold correct morality part company, my Iriertd," Kennedy added. The doctor was morally "right, no- doubt. The dying man was a useless wicked creature, and the world could spare him, but Heaven, couldn't re ceive him — morality didn't care about that.' " I nodded my appreciation of the re- mark, and Ken nedy proceeded : I went -Up -to the -bed and sa t down , taking the handB of the dying man in mine. He opened his eyes and. looked at me. He was a complete physical wreck. I should say he bad been drinking for weeks. His eyes were blood shot, and bis -cheeks were inflamed. He eeemed us though -he had had very little nourishing food for a con siderable time. His hands were skinny. When he tried to speak I could See that nis ups were cracked, and his tongue white, feverish and parched. Everything about him was 'dirty. Three or four empty brandy bottles stood at the end of the bed, -and a glass that had contained | brandy stood on- the table. The women of the house bad evidently supplied him with liquor until they . had got all his money from him— -though, -as I subse quently learned from him, he had had about Ii25 When be came to "the place a few -days before. 4 1 asked him Whether he would take any food. He shook his -head negatively. Then 1 talked rehimina quteb consoling way, touching on spiritual matters lightly, -at first, because I was not quite sure of him. -As I talked he kept his -bleared eyes fixed on mine, and "Seemed to gain confidence asT continued. He ran Ids hUndsthrongh his matted hair, audstroked his dirty sandy beard, ahdat last" hospoke. fC 4DJye remember the Melbourne Gup o two years ago., sir 1 " he said to me. " I replied that-I did not. a Then,' he said, ye won't know -about how thefavorite, Foetus, died two; days afore the race.' j " Ho," J replied ; " I -did -not know that" "He groaned and pressed his handto his brow. " Is itabodt that youwant to tell me ?' Tasked. Yes,' he answered ; " it »is about "that aud something more.' "He stared round the room in a vacant, ; -startled way, raising himself on -his' elbow. Go on,'JiSaid. " 1 Ihave seen ?Hiem since, ' he gasped' faintly, 'several times. I saw them; before-yon came, gaUoping Along there as! though Hie devil himself vvere behind; "them land they were fleeing -from' him.' " Go on— -tell me,' I said again. "He calmed himself somewhat, and; then he told ine his story. 44 I was a . groom,' -he said, ' in Mr Y 'a racing stable — Mr V. as owned Eestus, you know— only I forgot yon don't know anything about that. Tie was pfriom favorite Iter the big race two yearengo-nbthirigconMbfeat hLm, every-; body aid. HO dM wpTendidl wt his galtops, wnd heavy betB were'being made- onhini. He was tobe "riflden by Wharton, -oor Wharton T The wretehBd tnan burst into tears &s; he mentioned The j name, and voice waschoked with'Sobs? for some minutes alter he 'tried to weed. - , ' WKhartoo «dX:wsereolose pafa,' he, winning tiie Cup on Festua ; and bewmiM ; 4mt?ldedtf tteot:-t4dh, I only 1 k&dlhat; catiivre mrir,dn1brofctteher!' i 0e fihdttf4he"W051ikeanHnteriateff j fiend, andhis bloodshot eyes started;! mm j their jackets. Buck terrible -ablation; T'have rar-elyoeendii aoaa. 4Hewasaa splendid little fellow, Wharton,' JJaHa- atenMMuaed «fteraaipan»e,dnwhii he mutedor breath. iAefcter rider T never mm Hwwas<afeMai%o»einan.iittdi<s iwefi handsome StBefihapwassti Wlmrn— 'andmempriioknew'Whatgpodtidiug'waf, - admired fiis points and lor tj?Cup jrace, : meiHi ihdierdhe sev&nt; met NinaTJ«varro,4BSe : tbeintmi, <n»y «U 4he dwife>in bl-tor- ture her spul ! . r : - M ; -"«Ttush1 I 'Tmneinber you yourself have ndt hmgrto Hwe. x True re- pentnmecan nnly exist when4:lte heart's 4uli of tdharity.' kaow-%fittt;9beigreaiie3.-' 'Iknow that, but when you have heard gfl, you will not wonder ihaet 1 think of her with hatred. But (and his voire softened as he went on) she was very lovely. I thought then I had ne ver seen -any crea ture «o glorious. I ' was madly in iove with her, and so I thought at first ; though he didn't tell me so- — was Ben. She .spoke English only in the funny broken way Trench people have when they try our speech. Tshould tell you that.it was a Frenchman who introduced Ben and me to her; Guyot washis name. We saw nothing of him after he had made us known te Hina. She was a dark woman — splendidly dark, u ith eyes black as jet, yet sparkling like diamonds. Her hair was of that lustreless blackness, crisp, and fine, and luxuriant, that you rarely see in English dark women. Her skin was as fair as a baby's, and her lips, shaped like a fairy's bow, were us red as aresebud. Her voice — oh, I have never heard such a voice— it was soft always, and wooing, and sweet, and when she gave one of her little laughs, ohowing teeth as regular and white as a set of pearls, it remanded me of a cahn, silvery bine sea, rippled heraand therewith tiny -wavelets made-by the faintest breath of , wind. Oh, she was lovely— the cat I' "He stopped for breath for a few seconds, and then went on : '' She Seemed to be a bit gone on Ben, and that made me wild', though I never said auyih;- -» I wasn't goine to let Ben know that I loved the woman as 1 did, particularly as I thought he was after her himself. But I was wrongthere. I can see now, plainly enough, that the lad didn't care a straw about her. He was too full of thinking about winning on Festu3. It never struck me at the time as being curious that this woman should seek our company so much. Ben and I were nearly always together, and we did somehow meet Nina Navarro very often. But I knew that I tried to meet her, and, that being so, it did not seem at the rime that she was trying to meet us.' " 'Was thas woman Nina wh Atone would call an educated person V I asked the dying man " 'No,' he said, ' -she was not that. She drafik wine or brandy— -as much of it as one would pay for her — and swore like a welched backer when she was put out. But general y brer soft, purring manners 'made a man who was the -least bit fond of her a slave to her. At 4eaSb it made me like that. I let her sOe howfond I Was of her. I bought her little things, flowers and ornameiits — Wfa ich she took — damn her — with many softly whispered, 'thanks. Ben never bought her anything, "though she hung on to him. She used to ask us ailaboufc thefiorses, and told us to her all " ze teeps" as she called; them. She was a devil of a gambler. "d? lore ze play," she saidoften. Bhe would I play cards all night, and nearly always won, somehow. There wasn't a game she didn't know. She asked us All sorts of; questions abont the Cup chances, and we "to let her that Festus was bound to win. ! " ' One day she said tome, whenl had ! got her alone— 1 "couldn't often get -herj alone->-sbe was so -fond of Ben?s coin- ; pany— but this rime we were quite 4ilon&, nnd 1 was making desperate love to -bor ; \ she said to me, " Youihowvut-? "Eef j "Ben win on Festus, I -say I wlH manyj him ! T will, Indeed. T tell him'so. "flel laugh and say. 'Hen all right, Festus win.1 | What teenkyoii of dat "f I felt aick alli over, aud said, "But "what if Festus) doesn't win?" "Oh," -she laughed, "den I marry youl" I looked:; round at the woman with love ? of her tearing my heart to pieces. . I swear -to you, sir, Iihat I hadn't a guilty thought in my mind up to that -time. ; There was nothing crooked 'about me, I mlu assure you. I was trusted implicitly j by everybody abont the stable. But 'thai 'hook of -this woman, with her laughing eyes, and her tempting Hps, and heraof t ! ways, made my brain .reel, audrpasrion; seemad toswallowmp myconsciencs. ) ' "? Bhe " W€W smiling when I doofeed at! her,— sunlg threiKfh her Ivory-white! 4eeth, and gfenripgai me -side-wise with j A glaun ri widcednen in 'tear ffazzlrng | eyes. And, pautu, >; satd tobet, WhatdoyoumAaq, NinaT' | '"..'iShe daughed aloud, -Atei " YotT m«an!? T,Buppo«e ,1 ixman yei; I say, eli i" Bheseemed to be penetrating j myvmytd with Jreyes. - . j and diumedlAIier, amisIht%OTomy| breskt, And rained'kisses wn her fips send j dseeks mad wyesnnd terefaead illl Iwaes! breathless. Tt wasmtpxicatiqg, , | " She nevor spre aword, uor made ai movement of rosuUanre. IJMBiqghtsMfii at what T bail Anne, « moment After-! wards, aad want hot and $pl|t All-over, «s | 4houch I"werefeveredS iindeed d Ant muiili pesiiiim sFcom fiusri; moment | yielding, I seemed ito berihe mameaih Skitt- fayltAgain Iwbibes. 1 'Say 'votT AhepuerieS, "in her sweet, Xjroohiiig woifce. . ' . , i fThat.you will mariy me P ! " 4 Gh,Taaymotde ! Gnly IfTA&taa; | do not vin ze j»re ! " . V _ - \ ThenrFj&stus; shali not win ithe uaace \--awAsr?lmaJuU>not.'. | '"Fdaw! How can yon help it "f I toan help iit,and 1 will hekp it, if youwEl%eep that promise. ' -» " 4 It was all done aud spoken iu a few minutes— in much less thne than it. takes me to tell you .about it, sir. "What devii from hell could have been urging me on the one side, while that woman, with her sweet face, was 'reducing me on the other ? We had 'many talks after that. I was dreadfully f lightened at what I had been sayiug, aud the though: of it sickened me, but whenever I saw Nina — and I saw her every day— she made soft love to me, and made me feel that I could do anything to possess .her. You see what it meant,' sir ? It meant nobbling Festus! Bhe promised to marry ice if Feetus didn't win. I had got to stop Festus frcm winning, therefore. "I cried to her one night about it. It made me sicken to think of it. But she hung her arms round my neck, and then called me coward and fool, and then again coaxed and wheedled till I completely lost control of myself. I would have committed murder for her. " Don't be fool," riie said. "Eef Festus loose. I win tousands — tousands — and you and me, we go away and marry." I saw her game. The camblmg passon in her was aroused. She "was in for a coup. " The day before the race, she said to me, " How mean you to do eet ?" " I don't know," I replied. " Here is zee way," she said ; and she handed me a bottle of poison. Do ret to-night," she urged. "" 1 took the bottle, but my heart failed me, until she coaxed and bullied again, and then — I went straight away and poisoned Festus's food. I poured the poison over his oats, as he was eating -in his stall. " ' If I had stopped any longer to con sider, I should have made a mess of it. Nobody saw me do it. T was sure of that. "Ben was hanging about the stable at the time— he had just ridden the horse for a gallop— and one or two boys were attending to other horses. But there was nothing suspicious" in my going to Festus s stall as I did. It was too common an occur rence to be particularly noted. . I threw the bottle amongst the istraw, some of "which I kicked over it with my foot. There was no labri on the bottle. Nina had been careful About that. I knew that the. poison would not be long in taainfiraffect. " It is aueek and sure," .she hadaald when Jibe -crave it itn ma. Sn to throw off suspicion from myself — the coward fhat I was— I hung -about the yard, smoking and jawing with the Toys. " As you may .suppose, the stuff was not long in taking -effect. In less than half an hour -the horse was as dead as a stone. We were playing ring quoits in ihepaddock. Y ou may guess I was having - an anxious rime inside myself, "though I. laughed and swore and appeared to be Enjoying myself — when a boy ruriied oat from the 'stable, crying that something) was wrong with the horse. I was the; 'first to cry '"The devil there is !" and to throw down my quoit and run towards? the stable. I saw Ben "turn white and red as though something had happened to | him. You may guess the excitement) -there was. Festus was dying down in his box 'kicking out his last breaths. Vets, were sent for in hot haste. ; Mr , . our . trainer, came rushing; down' with a face as white us that sheet; fhere, and I Can -see him now— a short, ; scout man he .was— turning to Ben at -the ; stable door, with the beads of sweat standing upon his forehead, and -saying, " Young fellow, this horse .has been nobbled, that's what's the matter with him— and somebody about this 'ere stable1 must 'a done it." " Thenhe turned to me, and he said,) "Mike," said he, " jump on a pony .and go end fetch the police— Its tliem we wants more than the vets." ' ' They raon't suspectme, 1 tliought, as | I rode off, or sthey wsjuldn'.t have sent me ; off fordbe poriice. I did not riunk Of who they 'might suspect no dtmg as it) wasn't we ; btft € was mOTtalffrightened, 1 T can tell you.'Iltbad .ren me a | shaking xrp. My3®eth rihattered and apy IhandsUhodk, uncLTbAcl a uort of Teverisfi, uKivtefeelipg all reer. " waoae,periis,yeu minuten in j»t'lthe igfetes risotebiagdre had !tetunpi8tfai»st rib% ffkwtrange how ,yrou feri. ithings rif tffe wiri; belEore you kuowBiem- b is renfethizig m fhe sur that wiroumffyou and makes the Intrinct realise what Is jbs ,yet not per- ceivedbyfheueiraes. , . 'Ben Wharimi has |cut bis riiroatC' were the first words addressed be sue byj mimced«tehteboywho!tsdkooyp(my's dMadaatEedismoanteil. '"" ©tit htehroat- jifflt -now— went "tg)| mfthe bay hjft— witbra razor— cut his head off— af eared of being foiinu otit forpoiremngEetftuuT ; 44 Tprewed my band tejyfaaAheaclfQr ampaaeut, yrd thftnlainted riAAwa.; " ' The mcritemmxib<tot?ihejpaisamt .<ff-thefererite was;imm«ase. ibtimi, ss l dold you,' hsfi been wary bearify backed- He was a regular TjomfiaTi favorite, and whs even more largely . backed in shiilings than inpcniies. Every body had the very "utmost confidence that he was being run to win. - And now he was dead. You can't imagine the stir there was. Newspaper chaps came round ferreting up evtry scrap ot gussip from everybody abou r Hie place. Of course, no body had any doubt that Ben dii it ; cifr- cuniirtaTices were verysnspicrous,- though I knew that h- had killed in msClf out of heer grief and disappoiiitment. Poor Ben, soboed the sick iriau, covering his face with his hands. " 'I met Nina that same night. I never saw such horrible exaltation in any \- creature as that woman cLisplaved when I told her what had happened." To Ben's fate she was indifferent, but the poisoning of the horse made her just frantic with delight. She threw her arms round me, and kissed me all over my face and hands, gabbling away in her infernal language, and almoat.crymgwitfo exGited pleasure. All the avony in my breast was forgotten in those mad moments I spent with her. God, how that wouisn intoxicated me ! 44 Oh, what I shall ween— tousands .!? she cried' kissing me and stroking my hair — the hel cat ! And now, sir, I have to tell von th« strangest „part of my atory. Yo'n may doubt my word, sir, but what I am going c® tell you is true, every word of it. My heart felt very sick -at the races, as you may imagine, ami when the bag event came I was as nervous as you may suppose a condemned man must be j ast before his execution. Why I was so agitated. Icoutd not tell. I kept saying to myteif, "JBe calm, you fool, what have you got t© worrv about." But I simply couldu'c be calm." My lips -ere parched. I drank a big drink of brandy to steady my nerves, but that made no difference. I scarcely saw a race that afternoon. I looked at them, but my senses were slack. I wandered about in a mooning sort of way ; a most miserable wretch I felt myself to be. I "tried to forgot my guflty secret, but it would Cutzie uppermost in my mind, and It was aB if a voice were continually wliispering in my car- ' You killed Ben VTharton— you killed him — you I you ! youi Several times 1 stopped short and put to rinyself the question, Is any thing speak- to me ? No ; it was all imagination ; but. bo soon las I began to wk About ii came aarain— -"You kill h; you ! you I" " 'Presently the horses besranto file ou( for the big event, and cantered down ta the start. I watched them eagerly, but not with that calculating interest with which I should have watched f hem had I felt well. I saw them all go down and heard the hum of the vast crowd dinning in my ears Hke the monotone -of Big ocean. Then I heard .the bell ring, and caught the sudden, -sharp, excited yell of the thousands of voic«s, crying, ' ' They're off" In m Jew minutes came the thunder of hocds and tbe. flash of m?.ny colors, as the horees dashed past in front of me. I iaw them in a dazed'sort tfl ivay and fd- lowed them with my eyes round the bi?nd. And then — -my God ! — yes '—out of the very air like a ; lightning flame, And as quick as that, sprang another horse — a big bay — look ! There 'he is ! Great heaven, pity me ! Am I mad? Took ! And on his back & jockey with pink jacket mid bluecap Merqy ! There they go,. just as they -dif on that horrible day ! Oh, hi»w I rement her it ! The bunch of horses went romri the course so that I lost the detail of the colors. Iiccized my glasses which I had slung by my side, and fixed their upon "the procession. . Yes, there hi is still, in 'the middle of themk It is— it isBen ; I can see his face ; it if set hard, and Is white and his eyes are glassy, and-oh, my rGod, look ! see ! the liloqd is streaming from -a ghastly gash in 'his throat— streaming down bis tunic, down the horse's flanks, -flown on to the green grate, teaviag a trail of bleofl behind Ibim ! Why Tdoii't the dttear jmkeys?»eeY UMbv flon-t thepecjdeiay srrat? i@h, look. ntJlmn vHJw— ?fliey iah IritettlmAfcraigffrt. Eetftep "is right backjbnt he wiflrea; threqg. He r< iiipi . 3pSs /Atride ie qendld ! . Hhe fftianiTrom his juattth.is-relj; jtls bloot actiis"'. tMA - ayou miaff stare i -ane,.1 gmn pompte, flmt T Aell y .-Festes ! uvon i 4se wortef way hi hetween tfcem!-- Oh 1 But the boy is It iB pouriogverheborw'A -eyes, but he keeps to it. Gned'harHs fl Good Festus ! Ah ! God, what, jockey i He iB lifting fit fin. See 1 He jtetere. wne, %wb jthreq. ted ftie leading How Hiiiinder 3 How the Ynif fiiA$! Howptetty the ?qdl©HS 1 ; "riiAb Sjlecd woaiaobly leftve Off floiriqg TiAin JfhAt ngly weuDcL rThsre-tUarebjgorefl Se awins! He Aamnby half A buriL Ah J I hoieiv he wDull wht riBter afifl 'old 'Iteyt yoAvepAlted at off . Qh/whAt'aasamT ThBsrii& man haff been, Aftripg pP4 rightdhridlang tfiisat Hte whilfi lwainly «o briiubimUirna ih bed. He led hack itew, u(jgpaBd«fr . conscious, and lay in a senseless con dition tHe whole night through." " What became of -him?" I asked Kennedy. " He died four or five days after this night, in the same house. I visited him seveial times, and was with him at the end. Poor fellow,— he was a good man ruined by a woman." " Did he tell you what became of this woman Nina?" " He never saw anything of her again — Hot even a letter from her did he receive. He told me he fainted on the racecourse and was ill for days after. The woman, he found out subsequently, was the wife, or mistress, of the Frenchman, who had introduced her to Ben and himself. She, no doubt, with her man and perhaps more of them — for there may ha\ e been a gang — made a lot out of the villainy. After that, Cailaghan took to heavy drinking and sank lower and lower. He got money now and then, but his life was a misery to him. The vision of that ghostly, ghastly horse race haunted him and made existence unbearable. He drank to forget, and every drinking bout made him more and more of a hopeless wreck. Was his story ever made known— to the owner of the horce, Festus, for in stance." ; 44 No, never. They believed, I sup pose, that the jockey poisoned the horse and committed suicide afterwards. Thai was the general belief. I have never told the story before to anyone except your self." The parson laughed as he accompauied me to the door. 44 I hope you won't be hold any phantoms when you go to see the Cup run this year," he said. " I'm not going," I replied sincerely enough. But how are resolutions shaken ? Now matter how it came about, I did go to tbe Cup that year and saw never a phantom. 