LOST FOl ME; Olij ' The last of His Race. CHAPTER XIV.— Contikued. , . When Brian Lynwood arrived, about 10 o'clock, he brought Venetia with him. The old house was so silent, so drearily hushed, it seemed as though The angel with tho amaranthino wreath had taken up, for a time; his awful abode therein. , The April day was bright, though chilly ; but the outside brightness only served to heighten the oppressive gloom within. Venetia glided softly into the quiet breakfast-room, but Brian was immediately conducted up- stairs to the Dame. I heard his tread, and my heart beat fast. " Venetia," I cried, running impul sively towards her and throwing my arms about her, "I am so lonely! Come and comfort nie !" We sat down together in the win dow; and she drew me to her .prdftct- ingly. " Tell me all about it, Peggy," she said faintly, bonding her pale, exqui sitely sweet face over mine. "It will do you good to speak of itagain. Tell me all, from beginning to end." And I told her, almost word for word, the history of that painful in terview in the ruins with Roderick Carne. When I had finished her tears dropped on my shoulder. With Venetia Lynwood, at least, I was sure of the tender sympathy I yearned for. "Would to Heaven I were you, ?egEy sh0 whispered brokenly, her hot, flushed cheek pressed against my brow. " All along I have seen how it would be — and I thought you loved him, dear. It is hard and strange to think that you should spurn the gift which I have longed and prayed for in vain. Do not deem me unwomanly, Peggy. I have loved him all my life — at least ever since I was a .child. Per haps you may have guessed my secret before' this ; but. never speak of it again, either to me or anybody. Pro mise me that you never will." "Venetia," I utter solemnly, "I never will." I could say no more, for Brian en tered now. His beautiful blue eyes were not cold and stern, as I had feared they would be, but grave and sorrowful, and very kind withal, as ho came towards me. He had not looked 'ho kindly upon mo for many a long day past. My soul melted within me at his thoughtful, pitying gaze. Oub of gratitude I could have thanked him 'kneeling when ho clasped my hand, just as he used to do, in the old sweet lingering way. But tho next instant my sensations were changed ; the transition from dawn to utter dark ness again was too sudden, too cruel. V "You must return, Peggy, with Venetia and me to Heron's Pond," Brian Lynwood said, hurriedly, almost y . „Jfc'enderly, and with 1 no other prepara tion for that which was about to follow. "Your grandmother is in exorable, and refuses to— to see you ; any more ! You must make your home resignedly with us, my poor little girl, until I shall have won for. you the for- ' .giveness and justice which at present <Dame Cicely so unreasonably with holds." The room spun round ; I closed my "eyes with a; shiver, Blindly I groped for the back of a chair, and then dropped without a word in a deathlike faint on the floor at Brian Lynwood's feet. CHAPTER XV. Ten days— ten whole weary, mono tonous, expectant days — had passed slowly since that terrible morning . when the Lynwoods carried me off in a , state hopeless and unresisting from . the old monastery and my godmother's anger. She had really loved me once, but she was unforgiving now. I had broken her heart in her old ago, she said, when I might have prolonged her life in contentment, strength and hap piness. ' Bitter was her grief for the loss of her son, bub bitterer still the enmity she cherished against me, Nothing, up to the px-esent, had been hoard of Roderick Game. Once more a reckless wanderer on the face of the iiardmaVs digestive malt biscuits heuqmmended by: the Leading PHYSICIANS. earth, when might the watohers at home look forward to seoihg him again 1 Every morning now, as of old, Brian went over to Came Monastery. Ho invariably returned towards midday, gloomy and depressed in spirit, and, alas, with never a word of hope for me! Once or twice during my banish- -ment Mrs. Fox had stolen to Heron's Pond under cover of the friendly dusk; but her tidings were not welcome tid ings—my godmother would not relent. We saw little of Brian, of course, for his time' was so fully occupied again, At the table wo came together, and that was about all ; yet, whoncvor he spoke to mo now, he was kinder, altogether different. Tho peculiar coldness was gone "entirely from his tones ; a pitying gentleness, which was as balm to my wounded feelings in those drear dark difys of my youth, had taken its place. He treated me as he treated Venetia — as though I had been another sister of his— a dear sister whom he truly cared, for, and not as though the stranger I seemed to him during Roderick Carne's sojourn among us. "Venetia,'' I said, dolefully enough, one afternoon when we — she and I — were strolling about in the garden by the flower-beds near tho pond, " I can't remain nere much longer, you know. JL must go." "Go where, dear?" said Venetia, quietly, not quite comprehending me at first. " Why, away somewhere or other," Ianswered, sadly. "It is not likely' that I am going to live here for over. I must make a home for myself. I have a little money of my own — enough to live upon — and that is for tunate ; otherwise I should havo to be a governess — -not a capable governess, I'm afraid,, though, for my talents un happily are not exactly of a brilliant' order. But, as things are— — " "Hush!" said Venetia, quickly. " Never speak like that again. If Brian were to hear you 1)6 would be seriously displeased." " What can I do, Venetia ? I have no home." " Don't fret, Peggy," she said, speak ing cheerfully in order to cheer mo. " Stay wi th us and wait and be patient. It will all come right bv-and- bye." "I don't quite see how it can," re joined I, despondently, " It may all come right after a fashion perhaps, but never satisfactox'ily." "Be patient, Peggy," Venetia said, earnestly, "and trust to the future.. And mind, dear, what I say ; promise never again to speak of that absurd idea of living alone. I am vexed as it is." I kissed her lovely face and pro mised. Beautiful Venetia Lynwood, could not 'I have learned patience from you — you whose patient life was almost holy in its perfect resignation? But that night, restless and dis turbed in mind, I formed a resolution — a resolution watered with many tears — a resolution called up from an aching, weary heart. Yes, that night, in the stillness of my own chamber, down upon my knees, my head pressed hard against the side of the bed, my burn ing hands locked tightly together, I buried tho ghost of a fond, foolish dream. There was only the ghost of it now — it had dwindled away to that. So dear, so coveted, because denied 1 (to be continued.) 