AFRICA. IN DARKEST AFRICA. HBILLING LETTER FBOM AN IBISH NUK. Wherever you go you are sure to mfligt an Irishman. Somebody once said that if the North Pole is ever discovered an Englishman will be found at it. But somebody else improved upon this by saying that the chances are it would be an Irish, rather than an English man. At all events, we find the children of St. Patrick scattered over the habitable globe. The Irish race are the salt of the earth. They are saving the world, building up the Church wherever they go, evangelising, converting not so much by the word of mouth as by the irresistible force of good example. Even in the darkest recess of the Darkest Africa into which Mr. Stanley has ever penetrated you will find the Irish priest, and by his side the Irish nun. There they labour, devoting their lives to the service of God and the good of that unhappy race—men and brothers to us in all their misery and savagery, with equal claims to the benefits of man's redemption. __ A very rev. and esteemed ffiert'd of ours (says the Universe), a resident near Dublin, as ardent a lover of rfatureln all her moods, and almost as s^eet 'a singer as Wordsworth himself, lately Vec&ived; the following letter from a cousin of..his, a nun, who at the present moment is labouring amongst the black population in Central Africa. With the exception of a few sentences of a private character, we give the letter as written by the good, self-sacrificing sister. She writes:— " I send you this letter from Caconda, a Portuguese colony about 200 miles inland from the West Coast of Africa. Could I but speak with you how many strange things would I not tell yon. I find I cannot do as much good here as I could wish, as at present I am not conversant with the Portuguese language; nevertheless, I am not unhappy, as I am here in virtue of holy obedience. Pray for me; I need your prayers very much. It is not a little difficult to have to direct a community not a single one of the nans of which understands a word of English. . . . I pray for you and your intentions every day during the time of die Holy Sacrifice of the Mass in the poor little chapel of the mission. " We have no church of onr own, and are obliged to go to{the Church of the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, who have charge of the mission, about ten minutes' walk from here, every morning for Mass, and again in the evening for our visit to the Blessed Sacrament. "This mission has been established now for two years. It belongs to the Prefecture of Cambebasie. We, the Sisters of St. Joseph, five in all, are charged with the care of the little female blacks. Most of the girls under our care were slaves whom the Fathers bought. These girls will, later on, form Christian villages. This is the only way in which we can possibly convert Africa. The pelf-sacrificing spirit of the good fathers is really something wonderful. When they came here the place was all forest. They were obliged to cut down and burn the trees, and then build their huts. " They next prepared a field, which they planted with peas. This season they have grown a crop of wheat. But, unfortunately, the bread made from the wheat grown in Africa is blacker than that made from barley meal. It very often happens that we have no wheat, and then we are forced to live on peas or Indian corn. " The fathers began to build a house last year, but at present there is^only one room of it roofed in. This istheir chapel. They were next obliged to begin the building of the huts fpkour accommodation. The children could not'be left any longer in Huilla, owing to the famine' that was raging there. "The fathers are obliged^ to act as masons, carpenters, smiths, etci~ -ItJras. the Father Superior himself who built the house, with the help of the little black boys. He was at once mason and carpenter. The children knew nothing of any kind of work. The girls are the same as the boys in this respect. It is most difficult to make them learn anything, especially when they are grown. "You would have been amused had you witnessed our installation. Our convent is nothing more than a few little rooms, formed after the pattern of the Chinese schock, but not so well made, and covered with the long grass from the wilds of Africa. " We are frequently favoured (?) with a visit from his majesty of the forest— the lion. About a fortnight Bince he came npon the little herd of the mission, killed all our milch cows, and eat the body of one of them. He sometimes carries away women and children. I sincerely trust that our gaardian angels, St. Joseph, and our own St. Patrick, will preserve us from him. Were he to enter our enclosure he could break into our huts with the greatest ease, as the doors are made simply from palm branches, covered with a few shreds of calico. Though surrounded on all sides by a forest of the deepest growth, yet we have no boards, and no means of sawing them. " Among our girls we have two Princesses lately baptised. They are really good girls, and work like the other little black children, learning to cook and serve at table. They are excellent at grinding the Indian corn into flour. They pound it on stones with a wooden hammer. These two girls are very well disposed. Their father, the King, Amboelles by name, wished to sell them to the Portuguese soldiers. But the poor children instantly fled to the mission, and put themselves under the protection of our fathers, and so they were saved from a fate worse than death. I regret to have to say that the white men here are, owing to their bad example and immorality, a great obstacle to the spread of the Gospel. " There is an Irish brother attached to this mission, but I have not seen him -jet. He •'is away in Cassinga. There were two Irish Fathers, but they died the 'martyris death. These were Fr. Lyndh and |?r. Hogan. i : | "The Jrtacks know nothing of the i value 01 money. They traffic by exchange, 'so that in order to procure the necessaries of life we are obliged to have a supply of calico, beads, salt, etc., always at hand. , ... I I " I again recommend myself and this mission to your holy prayers, and earnestly request your blessing." This is the letter of the good Irish nun. Think of it, you that dwell here in peace and plenty whilst these devoted ones are labouring in Africa unsheltered, hungry, exposed to the savage beasts of prey. This letter has helped to bring to our minds the description of the Jesuit mission in the backwoods of America, as described for us in the Protestant Longfellow's charming " Evangeline " :— On the western slopes of these mountains Dwells in his little village the black-robe chief of the mission. Much he teaches the people, and tells them of Jesui and Mary; Load laugh their hearts with joy and weep with pain as they hear him. Truly the world knows nothing of its greatest men, its greatest women. How great the reward of the two devoted Irish priests who died the martyrs death at the call of duty! EVEBTONC speaking of BBV. MOTHXB AUBEBT'S REMEDIES, and a great many are trying them. R«*d testimonials. 