Witness frorn !!? Dead -4-~---. BY WVILTON WOLEIGE. (Published by Special Arrangement with Ward, Lock, Bowdcn, and Co.) CHAPTER IX. TIE VWHOLE TRUTI. "Our souls grow up to the light; wen must keep our eye on the light, and look no lower.". GEORGOE MEREDITH. So in far less time than it tales to write, I had arrived at the whole truth; very qduickly at the end, when I knew there was no reason to be tongue-tied for fear of incriminating lialph. It was easy to understand how, in the intense gloom and. the excitement of so horrible a scene, I had mistaken for my husband the cousin who bore him so great a resemblance. It ap peared that even as boys the likeness between the two had been remarkable, and their height and bulk were about the same. I saw how very great tihe resem blance was when an old oil painting was boughit to my bd.side for close nsnoeetion. \- .lhaSihe curily dark hnir and clear' oeagle eye, only in that other lalph the eagle type of face lidd derveloped into that of the hawk. SLooking at his portraitlj I had . no "'---.1-- .- n1,,;ln that this was the man whose face I had mistaken for Captain Jardine's in the crdwd at' the tat-too' on the common at Blank bridge. I remgemberedthe extaordinarypanic. into which I fell that night, and won dered, with a weakly superstition, if. it were possible that my nervous system had recognised the being who was to shed such a baleful shadow over a brief portion of my career, or whether it was merely tihe throng and the heat which upset me, I shuddered when I. heard how, after tihe household had been thrown into a wild state of excitement at the plight in which I ihad beenfound, and the discovery of poor Sir Hugh's re turn to life and subsequent murder, the body of the guilty man had been found face downwards in the little bay at tihe edge of the Toweor fields. Cards and letters established his identity beyond a shadow of doubt, and upon him were also found those papers for which he had rislked so mnuch. The later will, dated some three years previous, leaving the estates to my husband, a confession signed by himself in bygone years of a disgrace-. ful forgery in which he had been- im plicated, and out of which strait his uncle, kind man that he wais, had. no' doubt delivered him-all of those documents, together. with some private letters reflecting upon his own-dis creditable affairs, he very probably in : tended to destroy. He had planned everything cleverly enough. It was afterwards supposed that he had heard of Sir Hugh's last illness when we woro in Holland, and whether he had left England after I saw- him at Blankbridgo or not, he evidently took care to be close at hand in case the seizure should prove fatal. Hoe had long before thrown up the appointment which his uncle's interest had procured him, and it was thought .that his resources must have been at a very low ebb. However that may be, some thirty pounds in gold wore missing from Sir Hugh's desk, while a similar sum wds Suund upon his murderer's body. Bank notes to a considerable amount he had left untouched in the desk he had ransacked. A small but stoutly built boat was found next day, about a' quarter of a mile from the scono of his fall, securely anchored, and riding easily ,.upon the cold green waters, awaiting the oarsman who never came. It was thought he had intended to row close inshore up the coast until a small township, St. Anne's, was reached, where ho could easily havo left by train without attracting undue attention. No doubt he would have goie abroad again, and waited 'till ho was sought after to inherit his ill-gotton -astatos. .. He was far too cait ious to I.re judice his nprospects by coming for ward prematurely. Of course ~he had kept himself aware of the condition of things at the Towers, of his uncle's death, and also of the time fixed lfor the funeral. Doubtless he rejoiced at the in clemoncy of the weather, which would prevent his cousin reaching the Towers until he 'had completed that upon which he was benot. Fllootwood and Ralph Jardine were tho only two, excepting perhaps M]rs. Norris, the old housekeeper, who would have been likely to have recognised him; and in the dark-complexioned, well-set-up man, even they might have been at fault for some time before they descried the pale lad who had left the country fourteen years earlier. The unforeseen resurrection of the dead alone put him out of his calculations. No wonder that he fled in agonised amaze that night by the lonely wood side, seeing only the judgment of God already overtakling him in mny small dark figure and shrill voice as he was accosted by his own name, 'lRalph! Ralph !' ' Thus conscience doth make cowards of us all.' SI closed my eyes, and thought how it would have fared withl me had I yielded to my first impulse, and gone into Uncle Hugh's room, there to meet face to face that desperato man, or again out there by the seaon. Surely, had he taken mo for less than super natural, it would have been my own life, not his, which would have been lost in the foaming waters. As it was, my luxuriant hair had paid a forfeit to his random shot, and 1 thankfully recognised my merciful and marvellous escano. In all probability I should have gone to my doom believing that it was my husband's hand whlich cast me forth to death over that yawning cliff. Heaven in mercy had spared me that! I clasped tho kind hand which held my own, and looked up into the dear bronzed face, and thought that that would in itself have been the most bitter and cruel sting which such a death could hold. It would be sweet to die then, I thought, with a weakness born of my physical depression, having Ralph close beside me, innocent of all guilt, and with. his strong hands caressing mine as I sank into the Shadowland. Or' talk had been a long and ex citing one, not that I did much towards keeping up the conversation. Ralph told me all that I cared to know, and whenever he drifted on to other topics I found myself repeating over and over, brim full of the samei old theme, ' He is here ! He is inno cent ! The guilty one is found !' 'And now, Lady Jardine,' he said, smiling downn at me, 'if you promise to be a very good little woman, and keep qifiet uand talse? a nap at oice, you shall hold a lovec this evenmng. ' Lady Jardine! Absurd!' I said with a pout, which Ralph at once de clared delicious. ' WVell, yes, I must be, I:suppose. Only I do not feel one bit iinportant, and Caroline called me simple iurs. to to inurse just now.' 'i-So. you still are my "simple missuis,': he said, teasingly. 'That Iwas _o keep you cquiOt, yotiU wretJchedly excitable puss. You see,.love,' and his face clouded over as he stood by the fireside, one arm upon the mantel piece, 'we could not tell what you mknew and what not, or even howyou came to be in- such a-lonely spot. I don't even like to think of it;' he turned a broad back to my view, and his shoulders moved convulsively. ' My poor little love! How much you lhave seufforod, andl for me ! How good, how dear of you!' I was too tired to tell him how, in my own eyes, I was despicable for having even imagined such a wretch to have been his own gracious self, even though thie semblance had been a million times greater than it was. And then Sanders thle nurse was iung for, and took Ralph's place, to watch over me while I went happily to sleep, Ralph threatening that the evening should soee me a most miser able, .lonely, and deserted little woman if I did not indulge in a long rst, in which case he would bri2., the others up to see me; ad who but the dear G'eneranl jiroposed that they should .fno? ?n the sitting-room which opened off my room. So, though I did not got, off my couch, we dined together as it were, with the folding doors tluown wide apart, that I might see them as they sat. 'A regular heroine,' purred the General. ' I tholught a sister of my wife's would have Carry's innate pluck ! Nothing like it, my dear.' And he bestowed uponi me one of his semi-fraternal, semi- paternal kisses. Colonel Goring, who advanced be hind his brother, looked quite sheeoopish and uneasy. 'NMay I, Jardino ?' asked hlie. ' You seeoo, I am a second-hand kind of rela tion to Ella. You 'don't mind, old fellow ?' No! Ralph's pleasant countenance testified that he did not object, and the result of Gerald Goring's preamble was a sweeop of'his long moustache over my left ear; an action which amazed me, and sent him away glow ing thlrough his tanned and weather beaten looking skin like a peony. 'Ralph,' said I some days later, when I did not feel at all ill, but was delicate enough to be able to indulge in all the fine lackadaisical airs of an invalid with impunity, ' I should hate to live in this house after all thalt has happened. Indeed, I am sureo I could not endure it.' _Not yet awhile, love. W?o will go abroad, and got your stronglth up in more banly breezes. By-and-byeo we will return, and after a big house warming, and withll hosts of friends herl, you'll forget all about that awflld iright.' . 'I don!t believe my health will over b,? the same again,, quite,' I said, nervously. ' What nonsense, my e~t . Yeour head is full of odds and ends. Just put that notion away from you for ever. If your humble servant heroe cannot take sufficient care of his wife to bring back the roses to those eheeks and the flesh to those wee wrists, he is not the fellow I thought him for the past three-and-thlirty years.' And the result of his tenderness answered his expectations, even it did not oexceed them. But tihe tress of loose hair which had been singed from my brow upon that night of terror did not grow for months, and when it came again it was a lock of purest white. I have a picture in my mind. I wish I could put it within range of your mental vision as I see it myself. It is seven years later, and the Towers has been thrown open to the sun and air for many a day. One of the General's married daughters and her tribe of children are visiting us, and the jocund sounds of childish triumph are borne to my ears upon the sweet-scented breezes. I sit upon the steps, under the portico whlich leads on to the first ter race, and beneath the pillars from which only seven winters back I saw so horrible a sight. Many would think I could not have borne the anguish such a recollection would have left me. To them I answer, that if I have seen one night's distress and misery in this house, it has also sheltered me for more than four years of most in tense happiness. We use all the old rooms, just as Sir Hugh would have wished them used, daily and without fear. The only ghost known to them is one which, even as I gaze, stands just within the long open French window of the study- the ghost of my old self, a bonnie lass very nearly six years old. She will, I fondly believe, as I look into the depths of her sweet steadfast eyes, be all to me, and more than ever I was to my own mother-her whoso tenderness I still look back upon in an agony of love. 'iMother,' Dosey had said this self same morning, one dimpled arm11 pillowing her happy rosy cheek, ' what are dreams?' On the answer that usually they are the outcome of the experiences of the day, and that we dream of dear onesbe cause they lie so very near our hearts, the childish eyes grew serious, and the small voice said, 'Then I'd call them the photography of daylight, mother.' As I watch her the flying small feet speed to me, her radiant face is pressed to mine. She is her mother's darling, God- given! Together, hand in hand, we walk to where, under the spreading ash-tree on the second terrace, tihe gipsy tea table is set. The weird grey parrot preens itself upon a stand close by, the pea-fowl strut about as in the old days they wd9wFiit to, and utter their plaintive cry of ' Alow'ei, 0uow-er.' It is five o'clock. Here crme tr'oop ing the Seatons' small army of happy children to fill in the background of my. picture, as they muster from the fields behind the orchard. Next their parents, Captain and Mfrs. Beaton, with the lovelight beam ing as steadfast in their eyes as when they married a dozen years ago upon that miserable five hundred per annum, which Lady Goring has so often deplored. Caroline herself, pretty and slim as ever in deep black, which tones down the colours as I use them harmoni ously. Gerald Goring, a baclhelor still, and the devoted slave of our children. But one stalwart form is sadly missed from amidst our group-the General is notl Last come thO central figurs, whlich must be printed in brightest crimson and in purest gold--Ralph, with our boy upon his shoulders. My picture is complete ! WiLTox WoLmrE. 