MONASTIOiaM UNVEILED. A." PAPEB ,bN, MONASTIOISM, BBiiD/BY (j titt R. li.O.li /' aTTHB UON FBhENOE OF TUB i-'UOTESTANT rALLIANOaj EXBTBE iLALL, 3l8X OCT., 1689,,' / Having baen invitad to prepare Joriyoar ooneidutation a brief etatemeui regarding the desire to revive Monaeiiuiaai, or rather its imitaiioD, in the National Ohurob, 1 propose, in the iiist piuoe, tu call epeoiai aiteutiun to the faot that an important orisis m the oontiiot between Protestantism and Popery has again arrived, after a lapse of nearly SOD years, and that it devolves upon us as a Protestant Nation, onoe more to onoose whether we will ouutiune to enjuy the happinesB of " a people wuose Hod ie lue Lord," ur lapse into theiUoL airy and supersiitiun or Bomauism and Bitna iiBui— whether, in shore, ' Ourist or Belial " is in tulnre to be oar aoknowledged King in spiritnal matters ; or rather, 1 shuuld say, in Onnrou and Etate also, for that, and notuing less than that, is the real end of the oonfliot in which we are engaged. Just as none but the great Head of the Ohuroh Himself delivered as at the time, of Beformatiou, so none but Me who has said, " All power IS given unto Me in heaven and in earth, ' can deliver us now. If we choose Him to reign over us, we shall realise, as) heretofore, the promist.-— " Lo, i am with yon; alway, even unto tue end of the age.'' It, on: the other hand, "we as a pebpie, forsake Him, he also will forsake us." . ; He it is who has said, " I am the Lord,; that is My name, and My glory will 1 not give to another, neither My praise to graven I images." Let ns then, as a nation, hold fast oar faith in Him, without wavering, for He is faithful' that has promised — " Happy is that people whose God is the Lord " (Ps. oxiiv. IdJ, Lat us also guard very jealously our name as Protestants, remembering that true Protest- aniism takes the Word of God for its " rule of ifaith and practice," and tests every system of 'religion, in all iis branches and all its doo irines, by that infallible and divinely-inspired standard. If Bomanism, and Bitualism, and Batiunalism speak not acooruing to that, it is because there is no light in them. in this we follow the Loid Himself, Who, hefote Pontius Pilate, tue representative of earthly power, witnessed a gopd-oonfession i wnen He said, " For this cause oame 1 into the world, that 1 should bear witness to the truth, ifivery one that is of the truth heareth My voice." in these memorable words, Ohrist, as the Living Word, the Author of the Bible,; of > whom It IB written, "In the beginning was ' the Word, and the Word was with God, and the 'Word was God," not only sbowe ns that trae obedience oonaists in bearing and obeying Hia Word, bnt He also claims nnivefaal sovereignty as " God over all, blessed for evermore." The Pope and his hierarcky, however, : pnblish and maintain a counter claim to this Divine Sovereignty. The Pope's proclamation iB. I claim to be the anpnme judge and director of the ooneciencee of men— of the peasant that tiUa the field, and the prince that sits on the throne ; of the honsehold that lives in the shade of privacy, and the legislatare that makes laws for the kingdom. T am the sole, laat, anpreme jndge of right and wrong ; infaUihle in matters of faith and morals." That is the essence of Bomanism ; and Bitnalism is precisely the same, except in cne partionlar — viz., that for the present it is withont a Pope. The aame spirit of Antichrist speaks again in Oatdinal Manning's address to the Oonnoil of the imaginary Boman Oatholio Diocese of Westminster; and whilst we hear its ntter> anoes, let ns pray heartily that the Lord of all power and might would " bring to nonght ail these crafts and snhtleties which the devil and man are working againat as, and that by the Providence of His goodness they may be diapereed ; " and that they may onoe more, in these last days, become like the chafE of the snmmer threshing fioor, as they did at the time of the Beformation. The address under reference says This nineteenth century will make a great epoch in the hiatory of the Ohnrob. . . . It is good for ns to be here in England. It is yonrs. Bight Bev. fathers, to snlijagate and snbdne the will of an imperial race I The will, whiob, like Bome of old, rales over nations and peoples— in vinoible and inflexible. Great ia the prize for wbioh yon strive. Barely a soldier's eye, and a aoldler's heart, would chuoie by ininition this field of England lor the warfare of the faith. It ia the head of Protestantiam, the centre of its movement, the stronghold of its power. Wealcened in Eng land, it is paralysed everywhere. Oonquered in England, it ia oonqaeiod tbrcnghout the world . ... All the roads of the world meet in this one point ; and this point reached, the whole world is open to the "Ohnroh'a Willi' England is the key of the whule position of uiodern error." We have no difficulty in disGerning in the langnage of both Pope and Oardinal here qnoted " the mouth apeaking great thinga and hiaephemies,"' foretold in Buriptnre, which " the Lord will consume with the breath of Hie month, and destroy with the brightness of His coming." In adduion, however, to these proolama- tions of the Pope and Oardinal, theSacerdc- talists of the Anglioan, Ohnrob, nnder iLo leading of tb.o Bishop of /Bochaalor, have reoeml; oomo forward with a atartling pro posal to ravWo tbo Monastio ajBtem in the Ohnroh of England. That sj stem, ae now otganiead in KoHip,T ja aimply a systoni of. Jefihiiiein, and whotever Biny bo the osfcerisibia object of the Bishop and his colu gUvS lu mak ing ihia propoeal, there can he no doubt that in the hands of Sacerdotaliats— of men wtio have already got the confeaaiona), and cele brate the miss, &o.;, &c.;— it ia nltimattly intended to Bomanise the masses of the people of England. The published statements of the Bishop and . bis committee, show that it is not the Gospel of the grace of God that they wish to propagate amongst the masses, hut the gospel of Saoerdotalism or eeif righteonenese — man's way of salvation as opposed to God's way. 'They aay that "wiihcnt the adoption of vowB of acme kind, no efEeoiive brotherhood oonld he formed 11" If bo, then how was ii that, when the firet five apoalles wereoonverted as in John I„ the Lord Jesne did not at onoe make monks of them, and so on thronghont His miniairy here on earth ? They propose next that "Sisterhoods" shonld snpersede the Inslitntion of Deacon esses, which they nntratuially affirm is not efficient. All that we can say on this point is, that peraonally we have seen something of the work of the Mildmay Deaconesses amongst the pooreat olasaes at East End of London, and anything more effiecinal in bringing lost ainners to Obriat, and changing very devila into well-behaved, orderly, happy hnman hcinga, it is imposeible to conceive — and so on with eimilar movementa condnoted by godly, consecrated men and women all over Eogland, who. work, withont ceasing, and more effieot- nally, amongst onr pnbiio servants and the musses of the people. No I there is no monkery amongst these, bnt there is the Gospel preached, with the Holy Ghost sent down heaven npon these dear brethren and sisters, who have each and ail been horn again of the Spirit of God, and by Him, not by any Pope or Oardinal, or Anglican Bishop or Priest, . have been empowered to present their bodies a living saciifioe, holy, acceptable nnto God, which ia their reaeonable service, and to "add to. the Ohnroh daily anoh as shall be saved.' In opposition to, and strong contrast with this " power from on high for aervice," snob as . the woman of Samaria got, and exercised effieotuully too, to the salv ation or many bonis, as relaten in John iv. 28 to 30, and verse 39, the Bishop of Boobesier and bis committee calmly tell as that " withont aomettiing ana- logODB to the old vow of poverty, ceiihaoy, and obedience (Bome'e three "(JonnselB of Perfection 1 1 "), no brother hood or aibter. hood can carry out efficient Ohristisn work I 1 Let na now oonsnit the Word of God and hletory, and aee from the trnth contained in them what thia Monastioism really iri and whether in this matter the Bishop and hie committee speak according to the Word of God, or the leveiee. Monastioism with its threefold " Oonnsels of Perfection," combined with the OonfesBional, the eaerifioe of the Mass and tl e other doc trines of Bomanism, is the prlnoipal weapon whereby Bome, since 1850, and now the balk of the Anglioan Ohnrob, in full sympathy with her on all points except Papal infallibility and enpremaoy, seek to destroy the principles of the Beformation, and to plnnge as again into the "bell npon eaitb" that prevailed under Bomisb eway in the dark ages. By these Ohrist is dethroned from the right hand of God where He is now seated, and His office of Mediator, High Pries', and Head of toe Ohnroh, are nsnrped by the Pope and the repreaentalivea of prieetoraft generally. Theee "Oonnsels of Perfection" are poverty, chastity, and obedienoe. It will be shown that the two first nominal virtnes only in both Bomanism and Bitnalism ; and that the third ia only enforced by the free nae of the cells and dnngeons and the inhnman aeveritiea and torinres of the system, whiob, in the coarse of a very few years, drive thoas- ands of young girls who are enbj acted to them either into Innaoy, or a premainre grave. The voice of history for nearly fifteen hnndred years confirms this fully, since we learn from Dowling'a " History of Bomaniam " that celibacy, which waa the original oanse of the Monastio system, waa first praotised in aooor- danoe with the EJiot of Birioins in A.D. 385, hot that in oonsiquenoe of the fearfui oata- logne of crime to whiob it gave rise, it was brongbt to an end at the Popedom of Gregory. (To be continued.) 