EVANGELISTIC SERVICES. The Wesleyan Evangelistic services wore continued yesterday in the Forest street Church. A prayer meeting was held at mid day and in the evening the Rev. J. Watsford conducted an evangelistic service and gave a ;powerful;address bn “Quenching the - Spirit.” Ho strongly drgod the audience to yield to ; the/strivings of ',God’s .spirit and to accept salvation while , it :oould. bo found, warning thcm'of.lho-:tornble risks they ran in. re jecting. the offersof salvation., -The services, will be■ continued and.conoludcd .this evening. . Baptist ovangbliatic services • were held yesterday lathe Hargreaves street Church.’ In' the. afternoon the Rev; Allen Webb, of Melbourne gavoah-interosting and.instructive bihle reading; and exMsition of Ephesians III 'In the'evening Hit Webb conducted an evan gelistic sorvioOj .at which there was a good Attcndahco. Ho preached from the words, U Verily,- vorily -I thee,' except a man bo born again- ho cannot see ; tho kingdom of God" (John iii. 3). Christ,. said the ,preacher, : /was addressing a master in Israeli and used different terms to him ' than Ho did oh other occasions; To thopoor outca«t who orouohod at '/Christ's foot ho said nothing about, being born again,/ Ho -k'now that the poor outcast, felt :hor position keenly, know her sin .and know, her need of- being radically olmnged—bprjn again, .and He offered her thov water of .- lifo; Hioodomus respectable mao, hold a high.,position in Israeli being connected with ' the Sanhedrin and Jowish Ghurob, and he did not under stand , that;, there was any need of his being born again. . There were pow,-iW' then, many Nioodbmusos in 'the bhuroh. Somo thougnt because they had been baptised that thoy htw ! noticed of Ibo how birth. Connection with a ohurob, ombifnoing its creed .and- close on set vnncb’of every ordinance, would not sato men. Thoymujst bp’borii' again, ?bia Is a ; rabst rational doctrine—a perfectly rational : one. : .'Their natures would have to 1)6 radically changed before:. Ihby.pould enjoy he®™* Gtoaturos: Vcah .only bp. happy iutho}rown environment—remove thorn to another an they. batihpt, Hm ' - Christ bad ooino to eartn to save / men frem sin-nnd its ponsoquonoosi and tho. regonortitc/'.inflaehco of the Roiy Ghost 'in - their: hearl§ .: ; would lit them tor a pure holy .' life iruheavon. Tho services «i., bo oontinued- lLQ/dny- . . - .. 