Story Column. Now Fibst Published. 0utlaw & Lawmaker. AN ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "Tho Head Station," "The Bond of Wedlock," - "The Brother of tho Shadow," " Pussion and Polioy," " Nadinc," " An Australian ' Heroine." And Joint Author with Mr. Justin M'Carthy or "Tho Ladios' Gallery," "The Right Honourable," &o.; ill queensland eiohts be8ebved. CHAPTER XX.—Oo>itinued.) Frank Hallett came next on the list of Elsie's ...partners. ' "Why are you not dancing with Blake this evening ? ' he H9ked abruptly. ' I don't know,' Baid Elsie simply, and it hurt him to hoar the note of pain in her voice. ' Prank '" she said hurriedly, ' please don't talk to me about Mr. Blake. Let us talk of other things— of how I am enjoying myself for instance.' e Are you enjoying yourself, Elsie ?' ' Of course I am. I have had a success. Everyone has Veen telling me that I look very well. Lord Wuveryng has been charming. I have been honoured by an offfr of marriage.' She laughed hysteri cally. An offer of marriage ?' ho said anxiously. ' I did not accept it.' She still laughed — ' But it was — exciting. Come, Frank, don't let us Iobo any of this lovely waltz. I am in wild spirits to-night.' Poor Elsie. And yot when she went into the cloak room in the early dawn it seemed to her as though her heurt must break, so agonising was the pain of it. AH the pretty colour had gone from her face. As she stood in the corridor wait ing for the jingle whioh was to take them over the bridge to Fermoy's, she looked like a ghost with wild eyes. ' Are you very tired, Miss Valliant ?' said Blake, suddenly, beside her. She gave a great start. He was stUl impassive. ' Yes, very tired,' she an swered. ' Have you had a pleasant evenin g ?' he asked, ia tho same tone, ' Yes, thank you,' she answered. She lifted her eves, which hud not dared to meet his. They met them now, and something in tbe expression of his eased her pain. F»r there was pain, too, in his eyes, and a great yearning. 'Mr. Blake,' she exolaimed involun tarily, and made a faint movement of her hand towards him. He put out his hand, and took hers, ' Good-night, Miss Val liant,' he said ; ' do you see that faint red streak in the sky, and do yon know that in another hour it will be sunrise ? Sleep well, and when you wake, don't ' he hesitated, and pressed her hand as he relinquished it. 'Try not to think. too hardly of me.' The girl said not a word. She moved proudly past him. ' Ina, I am sure tho carriage is there,' she said, and at that moment. Lord Horace oame crossly to thom. Lord Horace had taken a little more champagne than was good for him. 'What an infernal time you- havo been with your cloaks,' he said. ' Como along, 1 can't sea the thing, and we may wait here till doomsday for it to fetch us. Come and get into the first jingle we can find that wiU take us to the forry. "We can walk the rest of the way.' A few minutes later Blake stood on the steps of the Club House lighting his cigar, He was going to walk to the ferry. Lord Waveryng joined him. ' You are going to walk, I see. So am I, and our ways lio together as far as the turning to Government . House.' The two men stepped out into the fresh scented air of the early morning. Thero were faint sounds of awakening birds and insects, and the grayness was so clear that the colour of the begonias, whioh feBtooned some of the verandas along tho roadway, showed ouriously brilliant. They exchanged a fow 00m- mon-place remarks about the scenery, the vegetation, and the beauty of the river. Then Lord "Waveryng halted suddenly, and turned on his companion deliberately, taking his . cigar from his mouth. ' I think I ought to tell you,' he said, ' that I never forget a face, and that T recognised you almost as soon as I hoard your name this evening. I presume you have good reasons for not wishing to bo identified as Captain Morres Blake, of tho ) ' 1 have the best reasons that man oan have,' said Blake. 'Lord "Waveryng, I'll be as frank with you os you are with me, and you know my reasons almost as well as I do.' ' It's twelve years ago,' sail .Lord Wavoryng, 'and things havo changed a good deal sincethen. This parliamontaiy move ment has made a - difference. I don't suppose the authorities would want to rake up that business. The reason why I tackled you at once is that I don't know whethor you know that Lord Coala's two boys died of diphtheria last year, and that you stand next in succession to Coola.' ' No,' said Blake, startled. ' 1 did not know it, and I am truly sorry.' ' It is worth your thinking about,' said Lord Waveryng. 'I thought I had better teU vou.' Blake was silent for a few moments. At laBt he spoke. 'There were four lives between me and Coola when— when 1 left - Ireland, and there seemed a pro bability of several more. It was not to ho supposed that my brother would not marry again after Lady Coola's death; and who oould have dreamed that my' brother William would have been oarriea off so young— and. now these boys! . Poor ..chaps! It is like fatality.' 4 Yob,' assented Lord Waveryng, .' seems : like a fatality; don't it? Anyhow, you may be the next Lord Coola.' 'Coola will : morrv again now,' said Blake, deoidedly. Ho is hound to do it.' . 'I don't think ho will,' said Lord -Waveryng. 'Ho believes in hie first wife's ghost. It's a kind of mania. You ; :Blakcs are all a little l queer, you know.' v 'Yes, I know very well,' answered -Morres Blake; bitterly. 'It's in tho blood,- Tbat queemess is responsible for a good deal.' . 1 Lord "Waveryng looked at him keenly. 4 You are sane enough,' he said. ' Am II' oried Blake, passionately 1 I'm mad. I tell you — mad: — mad.' ' Yoti were mad when you threw your chances away, and went in- for that Fenian businc ; but it was the aborra'-. tion of youth. They tell me that you make a good colonial politician. Curious, iBn't it, when one comes to think of it, that you should bo Colonial Seoretory of Leich- hardt's Land ?' Blake laughed strangely. Again there was silenoe. The men walked on, puffing their oigars. The had reaohed the place where the street divided into two, one leading to the ferry, the other past the Humes of Parlia ment to the great gates of Government House. Here they paused. 'Lord Waveryng' Blake said im pulsively, ' I trust you.' ' I never betrayed oonfldenoe in my life,' said tbe other — ' at least I hope not, willingly. If you wish to be thought dead, why as far as I am concerned you are dead. But I think you make a mistake in not facing the music.' They shook hands and parted. But Blake did not go straight to Fermoy's. Careless of what might he thought of him, he walked on through the paddnok in which Riverside Cottuga stood. He looked wistfully at the little olo9ed-up house and at the veranda ia which was Elsie's chair, end where her work-basket still lay on the rough table. He was only driven away by the eight of Peter the kanaka up berimes to gather rosellas for tbe shop on the Point, which bought such garden stuff as the widiw had to dispose of. Ho slipped down among the lantana shrubs that grew close to the garden fence, and made his way back by a cir cuitous but Iosb publio track along the river bank to Fermoy's. Baring the days that followed the club ball, Elsie Yalliant's mental and koral condition might have been expresaod in the plaint of Mariana, though, to be sure, che outward circumstances of her life were very different from those of the lady of the Mooted Grange. LifeatLeichhardt's Town was at high pressure. Life at Riverside Cottage was at high pressure too. Tbe veranda receptions were more brilliant and moro sought after than ever, and gained eclat from the presence of the Waveryngs and an admixture of the Government House set ; not certainly in the persons of Sir Theophilus and Lady Stukeley, but in the shape of the aide-de camp and private secretary, and of the more or less distinguished strangers who frequented Government House at this time There was always Borne bustle of coming and going, of flirtation, or of making ready for flirtation. But still Blake oame not. to uk continued to-horeow. 