copying at a university examination. In view of tho fact that tho senior and junior public examinations are about to he held at a large number of local centres in this colony and in Queensland, the Univer sity authorities aro desirous that tlie facts in connection with a report dealt witli at the last meeting of the senate 011 certain circum stances which occurred at 0110 of the local centres last year should he as widely known as possible. From internal evidence, tho examiners wero convinced tlmt two of tho candidates who were examined at one of the local centres had communicated with each other during tho examination, and that unfair means of some kind hud been used. The hoard of examiners reported this to the senate, and recommended that the whole of tho papei-3 of tho two candidates in the examination should he cancelled. The senate adopted the report, and upon the candidates being notified of tlieir disqualifi cation they protested their innocence ami asked the senate to reopen and to reconsider the matter. The Benato then referred tho matter to a committee, which after careful consideration came to tho conclusion that there had been copying beyond doubt, hut that it was qucstiouahlo whether tlie two wero equally guilty. Upon this being re ported to the senate, it was deemed desir- ablo that a personal examination should bo made of the candidates, and that any other evidence should be obtained that was avail able 011 tlio spot. Mr. Alexander Oliver, a member of tho senate, kindly undertook to mako this examination, aud lie had ail interview with the two candi dates and their teachers, with tlic result that both candidates acknow. ledged having communicated with each other. From evidence which was given before Mr. Oliver, it appeared that tho supervision during tho examination was so lax as to afford ample opportunity to tho candidates to ask and auswer questions, and to allow the introduction of a crib. It might ho added that in this case tho candidates in the first instance protested their innocence, that one of the masters staked his reputa tion that his pupil was innocent, and that the gentleman 111 charge of tho examination 1-00111 informed the senate that communica tion between tho candidates was impossible. Stkel C'aiu.B llol'ks l'ou tub Ocean- stiieet Thamway. — Among tho tenders opened by the Public Works Tender Board yesterday woro 12 for tho supply of steel cable tramway ropes for tho King-street to Ocean-street tramway. Tlie matter lias to he reported upon. Ai.tehixo a Ciiahge.— In tho caso of Wil liam Wallace, an aboriginal, who was com mitted at tlic Bingera Police Court on a charge of horse-stealing, the Solicitor-General lias declined to prosecute on that charge, but has directed the magistrates to deal with tlic accused summarily oil a charge of illegally using the horse. Hospital Satuiway. — A meeting of the Hospital Saturday committee was held at the Town-hall yesterday afternoon. Sir William Manning, who took the chair, was elected president, and Messrs. W. Briggs and G. H. Starkey joint honorary secretaries. The election of other officers and of sub-coin, miftccs was postponed for a fortnight, to allow of tlie consideration of a report on the subject to be prepared by a provisional com- mittee, consisting of Messrs. T. J. Houghton, M.P., W. Lance, J. Sale, D. Kempsou, C. 1\ Starkey, F. Griniley, Quong Tart, and J. Atkinson. The Mail Steam i:ns. — The Gorman mail steamer Karlsruhe arrived at Melbourne yesterday from Bremen, and is expected to resume her voyage to-day, being duo here on Saturday. She berths at Circular Quay on arrival. The Orient liner Oratava is ex- pocted to arrive at Melbourne to-day from London, and will sail thence for Sydney 011 Saturday at 110011. The It. M.S. Orinuz, of the Orient line, sails hence homeward on Monday at 110011. Amongst the passengers booked to join tiie vessel at the neighboring colonics are Mine. Sterling and Lord North- esk and party. The Ormuz will take away a valuable cargo from here, including ship ments of frozen meat, butter, and hares for the London market. Petehsham Christian- Conference. — Yesterday was the third day of tho Christian Confercnco being held in the Petersham Town-hall on the general subject of " The Love of Christ," and the attendances showed a substantial improvement 011 those of tlie two preceding days. The Rev. T. B. Tress again presided, and the proceedings were of a deeply interesting and spiritual character. At tlie afternoon session the Rev. E. T. Dunstan, minister of the Congregational Church, Perth (W.A.), sjioke 011 " Socking the spiritual welfare of others," taking the place of the Rev. M. Reavley, of Balmain, who was not well enough to attend, mid tlio Rev. P. J. Stephen, of Balmain, gave a powerful address 011 "Seeking the Temporal Welfare of Others," and was followed by the Rev. T. Parr, M. A., on the same lines At the evening session the hall was crowded, and addresses were given by the Rev. Charles Wliyto, M.A., chairman of tho Congrega tional Union, who sjioke 011 " The Holy Ghost shedding abroad the Lovo of God," and the president, wiiose subject was " Keep yourselves iii-.J.lic Lovo of God." The interval meeting, feom 6 to 7 o'clock, was conducted by Mr. E. P. Field, who spoko on the question of tho "Second Coming of Christ." A large choir assisted tlio singing. The series of meetings closes to-day with a missionary meeting in tho afternoon, at which the Rev. John Watsford will preside, and an evangelistic service at night, at which tho Revs. R. Bavin and D. H. Dillon are announced to speak. Rec ita l at ti 1 e Y. M . C. A. -11 all. — Tho Rev. Joseph Parker, who lias before occasionally entertained audioncoswith recitations, gavea very successful recital at the Y.M.C.A.-hall last night. There was a large attendance. The selection, or rather concentrate of selec tions, was entitled " Japlict in Search for a Wife," and, as may ho gathered from its designation, was humorous in character. Tlie hero, when first introduced to the audience, is rcjilete with budding aspirations matrimonially, and his eventful career through tlio stage of " calf love," and then through a venture on commercial lines, tlie other extreme, until he is finally mated under satisfactory and happy circumstances, was traced in a peculiarly pleasant vein, Tho material of the recital was excellent also from tlio literary point of view. An agreeable variety was lent to tlio entertain ment by the contribution of several organ solos by Miss Turton, tho concluding number appropriately being the " Wedding March." Collision in the Harbor. — Another col lision between Balmuiu ferry boats took place yesterday morning. It seems that at half-past 5 o'clock tlio old company's boat Lincoln was alongside the Stephen-street Wharf' receiving passengers for Sydney, when the new company's steamer Millie, from Sydney, steamed up, aud in manoeuvring to get alongside a collision occurred. Tlio Lincoln hail her forward starboard sponson considerably damaged, and had to bo laid up for repairs. Tho Millie was uninjured. Unprovoked Assault on a Seaman. — A seaman named James Martin, employed 011 the A.U.S.N. Company's steamer Cintra, was tho victim yesterday of an unprovoked assault, which tool: place in Princes-street in broad daylight, during the afternoon. Between 3 and 4 o'clock Martin called at the company's office, severely out about tho head, and reported that while proceeding to tlio steamer he was set upon by two men, who wero strangers to him. Bcforo he was aware that they had evil designs upon him lie found himself felled to tho ground. The company's officer to whom this complaint was made advised tlio man to go to tlie hos pital to have his wound attended to, hut this lie would not do, representing tlint tho steamer was just then about to leave, and that if lie remained behind someone else would havo to bo put on in his place, and that he might have to wait a timo boforo lio secured re-employmcnt. Tlie injured man accordingly rejoined his ship, which left for Brishano later in tho afternoon. Tho two assailants, who quickly made off, aro not ox- peeted to be identified. The Djiownino of Mr. J. B. Bettinoton, Jun. — Tlio news of tho drowning of Mr. J. B. Bottington, jun., atMerriwa, 011 Tuesday, was received at Parramatta with much sur prise and sorrow. The family luivo always had a town 'residence just outside the borough, and it was only late in Juno la3t that the deceased young gentleman was married to the oldest daughter of Dr. Harris, headmaster of Tlie King's School. There was a large and fashionable assemblage at the marriage, at which the father of tlio bride presided, assisted by felic Primate and the Veil. Archdeacon Gunthcr. Mr. Betting- ton was in his 28th year, and had just gone to his father's station ut Brindley Purk, Merriwa, which was to ho the future homo of himself and bride. No news of the re covery of iiis body had been received at Parramatta yesterday. First Day Adult .Schools.— The first of a series of conferences to deepen the interest in this movement was held at Rockdale last Monday evening. The subject under dis cussion was " The Aims of the First Day Adult Schools," which was opened by a paper written by Mr. William Cooper, which stated tlint tho chief aim tlie originators of tho Adult School movement had in viow was the " blessing of humanity," which generic term was subsequently dofuiod by specifying many practical forms of activity, and useful ness which characterise Litis great movement. It was the unanimous opinion of tho speak ers who followed, that tlie first and foremost aim was the uplifting and ennobling of man kind by spreading a t.ruo knowledge of the life, death, and teaching of tlio divino man, Jesus Christ. A secondary aim was to rescue men from iguoranco and a living death, aiul to place them in the purer atmos phere of intellectual activity and the path of truth. Itwasalsoaffirmcdthat thismovement was in 110 way sectarian. Tho next meeting will bo hold at tho Friends' Mooting House, Devonshire-street, Sydney, 011 Monday cvouing next. Suicide at Erskineville. — An inquest was held at Prince Alfred Hospital yester day, by tlio City Coroner, on the body of Benjamin James Bennett (52), who died in tlio hospital 011 tho previous day. Ho told his wife 011 the day he died, that lie had that morning taken a dose of poison. Tho jury returned a verdict of suicide. Fire at Leiciihardt. — A fire, which had its origin in a defective gas pipe, occurred last night at the houso of Mr. H. Evans, Marlborough-street, Lcichhardt. Tho fire was first observed burning in tlio kitchen, aud the Lcichhardt Volunteer Company being informed, sent the call to tlio M.F.B., of which Nos. 4 aiul 5 branches turned out. The fire was confined to the kitchen, which was destroyed, and the roof was injured by being cut away to prevent a spread of tho llamcs. A Novel Point under the Dairies Sui'Ervision Act. — Some little time ago a point was raised by the Wilcaimiu Council as to tlie necessity of keepers of goats being registered under the Dairies' Supervision Act. Tlie Board of Health having submitted the question to tlie Crown law officers, tlie following opinion was given : — " That any person who keeps a dairy entirely of goats, or any vendors of goat's milk, are required to he registered under the Act." This opinion is being sent to all tlio borough councils, so that they may take the necessary action. Smuccled Tobacco.— Yesterday afternoon Excise-officers Downing and Brown arrested John M'Guinness, licensee of tho Hunter River Inn, Sussex-street, and charged him with having a quantity of smuggled tobacco in his possession. They seized about 401b. of tobacco in his house. M 'Guinness was taken to the No. 4 police station, and was subse quently released 011 hail. Ho will bo brought before the Water Police Court to-day. Women's Literary Society. — Tlio Women's Literary Society mot 011 Monday evening, Miss Badliam presiding. The list of subjects for tlie new programme was arranged, the members' votes being given in favor of " Tho Brontes," " Victor Hugo as a Novelist," and " Herbert Spencer 011 Educa tion." Tho committee had selected "King Lear" and "Rudyard Ivipling." Papers were read by Mrs. Wolstenliolme, on " The Various Methods of Obtaining Money for Charities," aud by Mrs. C. A. Edwards, on " Herriek." This lady also read a paper on "The Tongans," written by an absent mem ber, Mrs. Muckay. Proposed Reclamation of the Head of Mosman's Bay. — Having in view the great benefits which havo arisen through tlio re clamation of Careening Cove and Neutral Bay, the Mosman Council are desirous of having the head of Mosman's Bay treated in a similar manner. At tho meeting of the council on Tuesday night it was decided, on tho motion of Aldorman Taylor—" That tlie Minister of Works ha informed that in consideration of tho Government consenting to carry out a scheme of reclamation of Mosman's Bay this council is willing — subject to the scheme being sub mitted them for approval — to contribute the sum of £700 towards the cost of the work, payment of the above amount to he made in seven equal yearly instalments, with 5 per cent, interest added. Ashfield-Enfield Tramway. — At Tues day's meetiug of the Eniicld Council, Alder man Matlicson complained that tlie Railway Commissioners had not fulfilled their pro mise to erect figuro hoards at Ashfield, di recting attention to tlio tram ; tlie porters also did not call out. The speaker warmly contended that the commissioners rather prevented people travelling by the tram than encouraged them. The Mayor endorsed tho remarks and expressed his surprise at tlio disinclination of the authorities to carry out their promises. Eventually it was de cided to bring several matters before the commissioners. A special meeting of the members of tho School of Arts is to bo hold to-morrow evening to consider the question of tho rates of subscription. A preliminary meeting for the formation of a Paddington branch of tlie Freetradu and Liberal Association is shortly to ho held. Mr. E. S. Whysull bus been appointed secretary. 