LONDON TABLE TALE. [From our Special Correspondent.] T/ondon. Januaxv 20. 1893. Thanfip to the firmness of Lord Rosebery \- 'and Lord Cramer (better known to us as Sir jEvelyn Baring) the 'serious crisis in Egypt' Jwas over, almost before the public and the Stock Exchange knew such a thing existed, ilt seems, however, to have been tolerably 'acute— for these pacific times — whilst it lasted. jTJie difficulty arose from the youthful Khedive -of Egypt, who is a lad of some parts, having iEuddenly resolved to assert himself and show (Europe he was not Lord Cramer's pnppet. The coarse he took— as simple and decisive a one as patting a match to a keg of gun po wdei — was to remove Fehmi Pacha from the office of Prime Minister, and substitute Fakhri Pasha, a well-known opponent of all Egyptian reforms. Other and lesser changes were made at the same time, but they are insignificant. With Fakhri at the .head of affairs the work of Great Britain in Egypt would have been brought to a standstill, and Mr. Gorst and Sir Edwin Palmer compelled to pack up their traps and depart. Poor young Abbas must have been very badly advised. He appears to have thought Mr. Gladstone would gladly avail himself of his act of insubordination to threaten the evacuation of the country. ,When Lord Cromer came to him saying, -'Dismiss Fakhri or we evacuate and . leave yon to your fate,' it was his Highness's intention to retort 'By all means evacuate.' Mr. Gladstone,- he supposed, .would then have had to do so. Unfortunately for the Khedive neither Lord Rosebery nor the great bulk of the Liberal Party have the remotest desire to evacuate Egypt. Lord Cramer's first act was of course to announce the incipient rebellion to Lord Rosebery. He received his reply, and at once proceeded to interview the youthful potentate. Abbas received the ambassador with much dignity, -and the pair -were closeted together for rather lees than, half an hour. At the end of that period Lord Cromer, looking very stern, retired, leaving the Khedive in a con dition, of limp humility. The latter, it is said, received a eoand rating. Great Britain would not, his- Excellency told Abbas, tolerate his changing his Prime Minister or taking any other step of first importance with out consulting the British Minister. Fakhri 'Pasha England considered out of the question as Premier, and he must be removed within ;twenty-four hours. Asy insubordination on the Khedive's part, Lord Cromer added, :would lead him personally, not the country, into trouble. Let Abbas remember the fate of ?Arabi Pasha, The effect of this drastic : measure was all that Lord Bosebery wished. ..Within four hours Fakhri Pasha and his Ministry had ceased to exist. During its «mei tue, j. may mention, au pnoiio Du=ine3S came to a standstill, as the employes refused to recognise a Ministry disapproved by Lord Cromer. . : Ze is now admitted by Mr. Gladstone's friends that the expedition to Biarritz did him no great good. He lived a sedentary life, . going out but little, seemed languid and ill at ease, and complained frequently of headache. The veteran statesman's extreme pallor when ~ he appeared at the Cabinet Council last Monday was noted by all his colleagues, and caused considerable anxiety. One of the great difficulties of the present position is that Mr. .Gladstone will not even dikcusa the probability of the strain of work in Parliament proving ±00 mash for him. Id is said that at Thurs day's Council Lord Bosebery took the bnll by the horns and urged thB Grand Old Man to go to the -House of Lords after seeing the Home ,ttuie ism carougn its preliminary stages. The ^Premier replied irritably that nothing would induce him to take such a course. It would be most improper and cowardly. , Thestories to the effect that the Home^lale {Bill was set up in secret by a single trusted \- (compositor are pure fabrication. The mea . . ' jEare was printed three months ago in the ? jasual way as EyreA Spottiswood's, save that jthe manuscript was cut up into such Email (portions as prevented the compositors from ?obtaining a clear conception of the various jclauses. To the manager of the department Was entrusted the task . of arranging the jmattec in proper sections and mak-ing np the pages.. When this was done the type was Sucked tip in a safe. For nearly five weeks it remained. thus, the single 'poll' proof being in Mr. Gladstone's possession. In the begin . ning of December nine Bills were printed ? and distributed to members of the Cabinet. Since then, of course, many alterations have been made in the measure, but merely in writ ing in the margins. Mr. Henry W. Lucy, who is usually well in \- formed on political matters, states that the Government have resolved not to dissolve Par liament in any event until the Ministry has been defeated either on the seoond reading of a Bill of the first importance -or a direct -vote of want of confidence. In this decision to per . ~ jeevere despite defections and possible defeats 5n committee Ministers hold that they will not merely be acting constitutionally bob in ac cordance with the principle publicly laid down by Lord: Salisbury when his Government was defeated on a side issue. . Theattemptstoboom(l}theMatteiremedies for cancer and (2) the 'much-maligned Mrs. Maybrick' having resulted in failure and necessitated a liberal consumption of apology pudding and humble pie, Mr. Stead has re verted *o his old friends the ghosts, and is now 'appearing daily in a fresh and, he hopes, an attractive and sensational role, viz., as 'apostle cf the new spiritualism.' I Bent you lately an interview in which Mr. y Stead described his experiences as a 'spirit . - writer.' Since then. I have been enquiring into the whole business, ^Rd experienced there . from great edification. To tell the truth the 'new spiritualism does not strike me as differ i ang materially from the old. Its devotees are ?precisely the same nervous, excitable, emotional men and hysterical womeD, and it is as impos sible as ever to pin any of them down to a. reliable material test. The high priest of new ?epiritualism (next to Mr. Stead, unanimously 'elected pope on his conversion} is a certain Mr. Lees, who^ooming the designation of medium, ;cails himself a 'psychopathic therapeutist.' llr. Lees has become a connoisseur . in spirits. He discovered that to be strictly reliable one's familiar must be old and mellow, like port .?wine. 'Put not) yonr trust in any spirit under a thousand years old,' cries Mr. Lees. Hia own private and particular 'control 'is an jEiirvpbi&n; called Cushua {sounds like a patent medicine, doesn't it?}, a very useful old ^fellow,, aetat 1013. 'I am,' Mr. Lees recently seriously assured an interviewer, \- 'constantly in communication with him, and . . spoke -with him to-day. Cushua tells me . ;of the whereabouta of the people I want to ~- meet. He never deceives me.' .''Why?' ' Because I never deceive him. We are in ' feympatby. He serves me and I serve him.' ' What can.you.do for him f ' ' This is what I have done. One night he appeared to me and asked me how much money I had about me. I told him some 82s. ?'I wantyou,? saidrhe, 'to take 25s. of that to Mrs. ? at, such a house.1 I went to the \- place directed, where I found a woman with \- eome little children in great distress. I gave her the 253., telling her that a friend had sent '': it. 'Thank God for that,' was her exclama tion; if: you had. not come we should have . - , been turned out of our home. I owe a pound \- for rent; I can now pay that, and the rest will buy us.foodi' -'.; In further' conversation Mr. Lees declared 1 ' that hftdid not, asarnle, care to have ?eom- ' . - nranication with a spirit who had been less : than 1,OW years in the spirit world. When \- ' .one had been.: there that length of time he ? knew something about the laws and zegtda \- tions that governed that world. The best .. ' spirits and, those with whom Mr. Lees had \- 'most to do were Egyptians, Assyriane,- Chal \- ; deans, Persians, Greeks, .andEomane. Several ~. ancient, languages, with which he was abso ? ?; .-? lutely - -unfamiliar, were al^$jm^-r spoken ': '''.'? through idm. Moat . m«iiiiii^ik«j^^»tl-^f^T''t . J or negro spirit attached to,^m^fbkagB4he . -',- -jmagnetum of : each spiritsMttaraotD^testtcal \- ?? -than thatof others; and ifbrmed.ian^emoient ': ? link between the medium and the higher ?.^'???.'apirite. Said Mr. Lees, 'Mrs. Dayies's ?--.- favorite-; epirit is an Indian. Mine is an . jsgypeianj au* j. aui jaxnacsea. uy a negro \- - , epirit-raad other spirits might) get hold of me : nnless . I were protected. Some mediums ?-- ? -allow themselves ia be ' used by any spirit who '??? comes along; and when they do that- it is no ..-' ''- part of -the 4uty of any spirit to protect them. '?;? Nospirift can. use me onless hehas the per ~: 7? roissioaof my chief control.' ' -?-'.-?; : ?? Areyouin the habit of sending messages '~;};_- tlirough.She spirits,' asked 'the interviewer. O_'-'-':'«yeBj?'iBpIied-Mfc Lees; 'Wfeenaway .????'? from homei jibtot use the telegraph. Through . . ' .Gushuatl oommanieate directly with any of \--- inyoh3dre»»-'wfa0 may be at home. - Z have 10 S-^.of them *live, and they ar&aH; mediums. My \- -*'V' wife, although possessed of certain physical ?r+iualitiesii is not a medium, Cushua carries vmy message* to my children, and my V- ? -onMre»-deliVBr them, to my wife. I have '- a r8on -connected vwith the Associated Press inChiowo;- Tiers is constant commnnioation ''?:' Vgomg da- heUmeeu a^babjm never use the ^Jatfa, ^XhAm-*amiB''m& t^_ rapidity of ' ?*^Ianefc'3HBlf*w-»M'to'Wodd. He doesrmore ^-VvS*riaK^ieiiriHMttaiid:taIk^t- me; he '?' -?«*fflI:'««iP**doMBia ^ *heiboot|brit*orme. ^'S^3SBlB»an»*taM*eria-fcr a tastory 'i :£ JtB37th ^epoah^eaohiBpjjdi hanDglftBted *0,VW -K^^JnterWflfrer ft&toewd; yoang pressman promptly suggested: Mr. Lees, should test Cushua by there and then (without leaving the room) sending his familiar to his residence in Regent's Park to fetch Mrs. Lees. The psychopathic therapeutist could not see his way to giving this simple proof of his powers, but offered to 'arrange' a test of the sort. Oddly enough all these miracles invariably do require arrangement. Mr. Stead is doing his best to boom a spiritualist Tevival, and the subject being more or less attractive to every body and the missing word craze having collapsed, who knows but he may succeed. Personally I readily admit that there are pro bably more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in. our philosophy. But two things have always kept me clear of spiritualism— (1) the class of men and women who become its devotees ; and (S) the prepos terous absurdities which characterise even the most successful seances. Cool, clear headed, unemotional men, such as formed the Seybert Commission, invariably pronounce against spiritualist phenomena. Sow the spiritualist mania has seized Mr. Stead he is experimenting with his absurd ' phenomena' on invalids. Mr. Lees, who, by the way, commenced life as a conjurer, does not caU himself psychopathic therapeu tist for nothing. ' Wben,' he told the inter viewer, ' I became convinced of the reality of spiritualistic phenomena I said, 'To what practical use can- I put this science?' My attention was drawn to tbe promises of spiritual gifts to be given to the church. I was told by my 'controls'— that is to say by the 'spirits communicating with me — that X should be used more for the healing of diseases than anything else. That was practical work, and -I was quite content to lend myself to that. For the past eight years I have been curing diseases of every, kind by the aid of spi ritualism — paxarysie, tumors, blindness, withered . limbs,- even cancer, to say nothing of the lesser ailments to which humanity is subject. I operate simply by transmission of vitality through the laying on of hand?, and the measure of success which attends my efforts you can estimate from this batch of letters (showing a large number) received quite recently. I have told you,' continued Mr. Lees, '-how at certain times Mr. Stead feels the power of writing automatically come upon him. It is the same with me when I put my hands upon the sick. A spiritual power con trols and directs me. I am at the present time engaged in treating a lady who is in some way connected with Mr. Stead. I am doing this in order that Mr. Stead may himself gauge the results of psyohopathio healing. The lady is suffering from loss of flesh. She has fallen away to a skeleton. What name the dostors would give her malady I cannot say. I am not a medical man.' If Mr. Stead's relative were, as seems to me not improbable, to depart for the land of spirits whilstnnder the pysch- whatdoyoucall hlm's treatment, it strikes me a- coroner's jury might take a painfully prosaicand materialistic view of the situation, and oblige Mr. Ltea to ex plain his spiritualism — much as Mr. Stead had to explain his philanthrophy — to the Central Criminal Court. Evidently the man, judging by tbe batch of letters mentioned, must already have collected a sort of practice, and who can sav what harm he mav not be doing. The conversion of 'that good man Stead' to spiritualism naturally causes his enemies the prof oundest satisfaction. If he had desired to utterly destroy his influence with the robust lower middle classes, who have hitherto been his most fervent admirers, and to shock ' the Nonconformist conscience' into fits the editor of the Review ofBevicws could not have adopted a better expedient. The National Observer hits off the situation as follows: — 'The Nonconformist conscience is aghast. Dr. Parker and Mr. H. P. Hughes clasps hands in a common sorrow. Brixton is incon solable, and sdown the cheek, of Clapham trickles the heavy silent tear. For a. good man is no more. Done to death by an intolerable, superstition, henceforth, he. must wander the world the very shadow of a shade. In vain does the shallow impostor beat for redress at the door once opened unto all his kind. In vain does the mendicant 'general' demand cheap 'copy' in exchange for a comfortable loan. Modern Babylon offers ita hecatombs, and there is none to stay the sacrificial knife. Alas! The champion of purity, the Sir Galahad of the middle classes, has abdicated ghis life, and henceforth is no better than a slave of Spooks. O, what a declination, and from how faigh an estate ! Time was when Governments trembled at his nod, and the evildoer subscribed to philanthrophy or turned Gladetonian lest his private vices should be proclaimed on the houstop. But now he may go and sin in peace and fear not. For the angel of prayer, the pope of dissent, the universal eavesdropper, is dead. Who shall Bay 'dead ere his prime?'1 An excellent employment, in truth ! At least it will keep him out of mischief and entirely destroy the faith of the fadmongers, who will not permit their idols to be one inch ahead of their own enlightenment. The Mr. Stead who can spin you lurid 'copy' out of any thing— from the Pope of Rome to the steward of an ocean liner — still lives, and will doubtless profit himself and his suburb. But the good man, who was a pestilent fellow, and once even a public danger, is dead— dead as the murderers he would have reprieved. And we shed a tear of joyful gratitude upon his grave.' Mr. Jabez Spencer Balfour, whose sig nificant disappearance has materially in creased the uneasiness of the unfortunate shareholders and depositors in the Liberator Building Society, is no relation whatever to the late leader of the House,- Mr. Arthur James Balfour. He belongs, indeed, to quite a different class in life. The Eight Hon. Arthur James Balfour, Lord Salisbury's nephew, is an aristocrat of the purest blue blood. Mr. Jabez Spencer Balfour comes of a similar stock' to Mr. Stead. His mother was a temperance lecturer and writer of tem^ perance tracts, and little Jabez commenced life thoroughly imbued with 'a Nonconformist conscience.' Mrs. Clara Balfour's earnings as- a worker in the cause of cold water were all invested in the Liberator Building Society. When she died Jabez, or, as he preferred to be called, Spencer Balfour, was a Parliamentary agent, but seeing .possibilities in the Liberator he resolved to devote his energies to making bis mother's estate worth dividing, between himself and an elder brother. Resolute and skilful attempts were at once initiated to boom the enterprise. Ad vertisements were freely issued, and well known names calculated to oarry weight in serious circles were announced' among the directors and officials. Lord Monson, then knovn »a Viscount Oxenbridge, became presi dent, and retained the position tip to the time the society closed its doors. When people mention the Liberator to his lordship now-a-days he — well — he shocks 'the Nonconformist conscience' a good deal. But Mr. Spencer Balfour's trump card was not the serious directorate nor the aristo cratic president, but a cleverly worded cir cular addressed to all the Nonconformist ministers throughout the kingdom setting forth the advantages of the society, and making enquiries as to suitable persons, for local agents. The immediate results were that large numbers of the recipients of the circulars, with the simplicity and confiding faith of their class, and their profound ignorance of all business matters, sent up money of their own, or offered to become agents, or recom mended others for that purpose. The income increased by leaps and bounds. In a com paratively short time it exceeded £100,000, and ere long this was doubled and then quadrupled. In ten years it was more than a million. Long before that the King Wil liam-street, offices had become too strait, and a costly lease of a house in Budge-row was secured. Meanwhile Mr. Spencer Balfour had launched forth in other waye. A vaoancy. on the Croydou School Board in 1873 gave Mm the first opportunity of entering public life. He enlarged bis house, set up a vehicle, took the chair at religious and philanthropic meet ings, subscribed generously to all sorts of looal objects, prominently identified himself with the Liberal party, and was spoken of as a rising man. He promoted the Croydon Tram way Company, and was its first chairman. Between £80,000 and £70,000 were sunk in this undertaking. Some of the lines laid were never used. In the course of two or three years it succumbed to its difficulties, and a receiver, was appointed. The original shareholders lost alL How much Mr. Balfour lost is not known, or whether he lost anything. After a time there was a reconstruction, but not under his auspices. Not a few people in Croydon to this day utter words the reverse of sweet and polite when the subject is mentioned. One venture led to another: An outlet had to be found for the enormous sums which a confiding public entrusted to' the Liberator. Mr. Balfour therefore formed the House and Land In vestment Trust, the- Lands Allotments Com pany, the London and General Bask, the Estates Company, the Building Securities Company, and some others. The directors of most; of these concerns was interchangeable, but Mr. Balfour was on all' tbe boards, and was the inspiring, and controlling genius. His colleagues, or nominees,, eeem to have done: little more than register his edicts. H» also started sundry -ventures of his own, each as a colliery near Tamworth, and some chemical works- at Walsail and at Lich field. Such a successful man, who was a modern Midas, was, of course, much sought after,- like Railway Kicg Hudson, and joined one board after another, until at length he was the champion director, and belonged to 17 or IS concerns. It is estimated that he must iave; received from fees alone from £3,000 to £4,000 a year, besides what he may have made by commissions and as an 'expert.' Before the general election of 1880 Mr. Balfour had made one or two tentative efforts after a seat in - Parliament. In that year -he succeeded at Tamworth, his col league in the representation being Mr. Hamar Bass. By this time he had reached the high tableland of prosperity, and he continued upon it until the crash came- in September last. He took a large mansion in Crbydon, standing- in its own grounds. He set) up a carriage and pair with livery servants. He became a J.F. of the county bench. He \- gave large garden parties, and subscribed more liberally than eve; to all sorts of objects. When Croydon was incorporated he became the first mayor, although he was not a member of the town council. He was re-elected at the end of his first term of office. Sumptuous banquents were given; Champagne flowed like water. Church, chapels, and schools re ceived large benefactions. He presented a clook with., chimes, and a peal of bells to the church he usually attended, besides large donations to the building fund. All the arts of popu larity were freely employed. Time, labor, and money were given to anything and every thing that had to do with Croydon. Croydon, with a hundred thousand inhabitants, was sure to become a Parliamentary borough at the next redistribution scheme, and Mr. Balfour aspired to become its first member. Hence all the popularity hunting. When the election- came in the latter year he was badly beaten. Later Mr. Balfour was again asked to stand for Croydon, but refused, and ultimately after failures at Walworth in 1886 and Donoaster in 1887 the resolute man found in 1889 a seat at Burnley. This, it seems, he resigned some weeks ago, though owing to the Parliamentary recess the fact of his application for the Chiltern .hundreds did not transpire. Those who know the erstwhile Croydon Croesus best say he will feel his fall exceeding bitterly. A eoured old bachelor, whom convivial friends persisted in bombarding with 'Happy Neva Tears,' thus relieved his mind whilst the joy bells wete ringing. Call then 'New Year,' thou ancient strew, Why, e'en, th* nickname is net ' new.' The time-worn features ot thy race Show on thy wrinkled canning t ice. 'Us just the same old joy and pain, In other gnise ti newel again, We've ever had to take or leave, Humbly or proudly. And believe, 'lis bat tbe hunmer o! the strife That shapes at last each human life. . - Hast them, Old '93, in store Jfotking we have not known before? Xnen, Year, at least in speech be true, ' Happy' thou inaystbe — but not ' new.' Mrs. Maybrick's mother having vehemently contradicted the rumor that her daughter had attempted to commit suicide, and assailed in violent terms the paper which circulated the rumor, the prison authorities have thought it well to permit the real facts to transpire. It seems either the Baroness Von Roques or some equally indiscreet person told the poor prisoner that women afflicted with a mortal disease, such, as consumption, had in certain instances been released. The idea of feigning complaint of the sort in conse quence suggested itself to Mrs. Maybriok, and after consultation with other women l'k« her self in hospital the obtained somehow, and with characteristic pluck swallowed, several needles. The effect wag to produce blood spitting and a serirus illness.. At first the prison dostor did nob suspect any hocus pocus, though needle-swallowing is a. common enough expedient amongst convicts anxious to be placed on the sick-list, in consequence Sirs. Maybrick grew pretty bad. Then another prisoner, fearfulof what) would happen to herself (the donor of the needles) if Mrs. Maybrick died, owned up to. the doctors, and proper treatment was administered. Mrs. Maybrick has for some time now been out of danger, but is in very low spirits at the failure of her scheme. The desperation with which, at great risk . and the cost of agonising physical suffering, she carried it through sho -vs her to possess, as the prosecution at the trial maintained, great force of character. At the National Liberal the other evening a friend of Lord Bosebery's was . narrating a yarn the latter had told him the previous day concerning his erstwhile tutor, Robert Wil liams, who was practising at the Old Bailey bar about the same time as poor Montague Williams was making a great reputation tfiere. 'Bob' Williams, like Monti, tried several vocations, but unlike the. latter, he somehow succeeded in none of them. From a fellowship at Oxford 'Bob' Williams drifted into nice tutorships, '?bear-leading' first Lord Bosebery and then Lord Lansdowne. After wards he tried the bar, but clients declined to put their trust in a hare- brained genius, so ' Bub' devoted his talents to old port and sporting journalism, and finally sank into a pauper's grave. 'Bob' Williams, genial eouI, could always laugh at himself, and used to tell with great gusto one of hia few experiences at' the Old Bailey. It was when prosecuting a notorious thief. ' ' Guilty or not guilty,' said the usner to the prisoner, who responded, ' Ou's a prosecutin.' 'Mr. Williams,' was the reply. 'Then, I pleads guilty.' Up rose Mr. Robert Williams to open the case, but before he could speak the man in dock growled, to the warder, 'What the blank bloomin' blank did yereay Williams were agin me fcr?5 'So he is.' 'Gam, that aint Monti.' 'No, certainly not, it's Mr. Robert Williams.' 'Then I don't plead guilty ' bawled the accused. 'The little fat bloke ull 'ave to earn 'is quids— not guilty, my lord.' Moreover, poor ' Bob' didivtofmd the earning at all easy. The thief knew far more about the facts and the witnesses than he did ; in fact, but for his initial slip he would .have got off. The messages Mr. Stead has received from denizens in the spirit world cause him in the new Review of Reviews to totally Ignore . Mr. Gladstone and to assume Sir William Har court will be Premier throughout the greater part of '1893. Exactly what is to become of the G.O.M. we are not told. I am disposed, however, to imagine that should the veteran statesman either die. or retire from tmblic life or translate himself to the House of Lords Mr. Stead will triumphantly recall his egnimatic observations this month, and claim to have predicted the circumstance. The 'University Correspondent' recently offered a prize for the best collection of school boy blunders. Here arc a few selected from a lengthy list which professes to be absolutely genuine : — ' Who was Henry IH.? — A zealous supporter of the church who died of dissen try.' ' What is a Papal bull ?— L A cow, only larger, and does not give milk. 2. A golden calf.' A republican is a sinner mentioned in the Bible. A concise biography of the Pro tector reads; — 'Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for interference in Ireland. When in gaol he wrote the 'Pil grim's Progress/ and married a. lady called Kitty O'Shea,' The youth who wrote the fol lowing puts not his faith in princes : — 'Perkin Waibecksaid he was the son of a prince, but he was really the eon of respectable people.' 