▲bout Sugar-Cane, &o.; Sib, — In a late issue of your journal, in oftrineetion with the vtat of Mr. A. II. Benson, fruit expert, from tbelpeparttnent of Agriculture, to. your distrioV, I- note that you kindly make the following, re marks : — ' Many yaars ago, Mr. Kelleway —at that 4im« proprietor. of the Nortuebn STAR newspaper at Liamore— did a great: deal Jto-: encourage the fruit-growing in dustry, Una aiinougn we nave noi ? mauo any great strides in the pursuit, what has been donebas proved that gentleman was'1 quite correct in bis ideas; and to him be longs any credit that may be attached to the present development of the fruit in dustry.' As some time has now elapsed. since those efforts were made, I was p'eaaed to find that in my case it was not ' Out of sight out of mind,' as is too often the case with newspaper men and others, who, in their day and generation, labour to advance the iutereste of the town and distriot in which their lot is cast.. lie my oate, perhaps, I was n littlo ahead of the times, as the settlers in your distriot were mostly engaged- in doiug the rough pio neering work, incidental to newly-settled districts, and therefore had not much time nor opportunity to attend to theories, practical or otherwise, set out in the pub lic press ; but I am glad to find that the; seed sown has borne good fruit iu many instances— ee|iecially in the sugnr-cano in dustry, which I strongly advocated at the time when the timber trade was falling off, and it -was a - puzzle to know : what would take its place, especially as the farmers were rather handicapped nt that time-by high- freight*, and somewhat' irreg- ular communication, with a market. Al though I was often twitted with having ' sugar on the brain,' it may perhaps bo remembered by some that I introduced new frost-resisting and other canes from the East Indies and Queensland, and other wise endeavored to promote a then strug gling industty ; and although many of these cunej have perhaps been lost to sight from the want of .on. Experimental .Farm in which. to test them, I was right in so doing, as evidenced by .the fact that the Department of Agriculture and the Colon ial Sugar Company are now, following on the/same lines, on a smaller scale— espec- ially since the oane on the Clarence River has shown symptoms of giving out from disease. To my mind there is yet a great futuro before your farmers, as there are thousands of acres fitted for cane- growing, now that it has been proved that cane can be grown on your scrub soils, of which we have an instance at Rous. The opening of the railway line from Lismpre to the Tweed River should induce mauy to plant in that direction. Of course some of the early pioneers made mistakes and lost money, especially as the frosts, were very sharp nt times on the low land. But this is inci dental to all new enterprises, even to news papers, as many know from experience. Although, at onetime, the Press here and the Parliament, somewhat deoiied and sat upon the sugar industry, in relation to the duty on sugar they now appear inclined to render it assistance, especially as. you have solved the problem of growing cane and making sugar with white labor, while our Queensland friends, like the waggoner in the valley, have been sitting by the way side, calling upon Jupiter (in tho shape of the Government) to helo them out of tho mire with colored labor. Of course they pleaded that the climate' was too warm for. white men to work in the 'cane- fields and sugar mills, but I am afraid that they wore too impatient of results, and expected to realise fortunes very -quickly. Many peoplo yet believe that cane cannot ' be grown without colored men in the fields; but I think muob labor could be saved by planting the cane Wider, and using horse ?outliers or hoes in place of hand labour, while 'trashing and other things can be overdone in Queensland, the white men work upon the railways and' other public jrorks in the. summer time without any serious consequences, and henoe they .can surely stand the heat in a cane field or mill* during the short season. I have seen something of. colored labor on the tea, coffee, indigo,' and sugar-cane plantations in the East and. West Indies, and am not much enamoured of it all round, as the colored man does not appear; so partial to ..work as tha white fellow, while a gang of twelve of the latter could do as much work as thirty of tho former. Hence we often read and hear that the planters complain of the cost of working their holdings, even in lands where labor is thought to be plentiful and cheap ; but there is nothing new. under the sun, and mankind appear born to grumble, as tho sparks fly upwards, even when they have the ball at their feet. While on the sub ject of semi-tropical oulturo, and also' think you might do well in tea and coffee growing, especially on your high lauds above the frost line, as ithe- planters of Ceylon aud other places hnve found their is money to be made in these products, and experience has already provod that both grow well in your district, while there are rice., tobacco, aud other things in which experts from the Agricultural Department ate now giving you a few wrinkles. As to the visit of Mr. Benson, so far as I havo sqen, thut gentleman did not say much about my at one time 'specialities,' iu the shape of sub -tropical fruits, such us the banana, mango, pineapple anil others, although it is known that thny do well with you. It looks passing strange for the residents on the Northern' rivors to fall back upon Fiji or Queensland bananas, at a high, price, when they can be grown at your own doors, and are much better than those picked for shipment before they are ripe. We know that the banana is both food and medicine for either adults or children, and were they sold cheaper iu. Sydney and elsewheie, would be more an article of food than at present, while bread and cheese, with bauatias, and a glass of pale alo, is a common ' tiffin ' or lunch in India. I grew some splendid bunches of this fruit when on the Rich mond River, and now find it rather hard to pay sixpence a doeeu tor them iu Sydney. Of course mangoes, pineapplos, and other fruit require a taste for them to be acquired, but I find they always sell well hers, and mostly come from Queensland and the South Sea Islands. I am not so sure of the softer fruits, such as the grape, peaob, -apricot, &o.;, iu your climate; but no doubt there are situations where they would do well, even if only for home consumption, and. a family without fruit on. the .table' hardly knows how to lire. It has, how ever, struck me us being strange that I grew finer mulberries in your district than any I have seen here, while strawberries at I8apint can only be looked at and longoil for in these time*,., Lemons always appear to sell woll-'hofe,- as there is a steady demand, but oranges are said -to be in over-supply at times, and; if such is the. caso I wonder the growers d-J not turn th^m into wiue, which is very nice and healthy to drink. The persimmon or date-plum has made its appearance here ' this season, and generally -sell at 3d each, which should pay. The majority of the apples here ap pear to come from Tasmania and New Zea land, and genorallyCrealise good prices, al though some are said to bo grown around Sydney. Granadillas sell from 4d to Cd each, and the common passionfruit at the same price per dozen. ? A few white and red currants were also in the market : this summer, with walnuts and filberts— colon- ial grown but rather dear. Pears are very : scarce and dear here, the most common beiug the Chinese, which was introduced into Queensland a few years since, and has now spread all over the : colonies. There should be money in this fruit if we could only get it to grow..; There are some very fair orchards about here up .the Parramatta River, Dural, and other places, but ' the soils buiug generally light, they do not look so well as could be desired, especially as plants and othor products here do not make the quick growth that they do with you. Of course, horej as elsewhere, fruit growers complain that it does not pay to send to market ; but it is a singular . fact, that even when there is said to bo a glut, the fruit in the shops always keep up in price, and the only chance' to got cheap fruit is to buy it from the hawkers' carts. We hear much now and then about send ing our fruit to other lands,' but it seems to inysolf that after all we we have not so much, as a commercial friend assured me tho other day that you cap ride for miles over settled portions of this colony inland and not even see the ghost of a fruit tree, the only place where they .are fairljr abun dant being New England. It is said that a worthy medico of that ilk used to carry. fruit seeds in his pocket and plant them; when riding through the bush, the result' being that wild fruits can be gathered, which 'is a novelty in this land, where Nature has done so little in' the shape of indigenous fruits. To ray idea, an orchard or fruit trees around a house or homestead are a great attraction, and it is astonishing how properties -here with anything in that line sell or let ; but you have to go rather far out to got anything good. I saw some fruit cases in the murket the other day having the name of a late well-known Casino resident upon- them, and prosume that he has left your district and gone into fruit-growing' near Sydney. Of. courso the air is cooler here at times than up your way, but I cannot help thinking that thero is much to be done with you, as the cli mate and soil are more suitable, especially for sub-tropioal fruits, as there uhould now be a eood market independent of the met ropolitan one. To my mind- human beings from childhood to old- age should eat plenty of fruit, and thus preserve their digestion and health, and save taking medicine. . At present they appear to'eat too much meat and drink, too much tea, both of which cause dyspepsia, and consequent bad health and temper. Up to this, with all the' cry of over-production and the waut. of. mar kets, fruit is not plentiful and cheap here, even although it may be where it is grown. I presume that in this as in other things, the middlemen or dealers - make all the profits, aud they need to do this when they pay rents from £2 a week up to £10 for shops in 6ome of our main streets'.. Looking at this state of things, it is a wonder the fruit-growers do not combine together and sell direct to the consumer without the in terposition of the middleman, but somehow they do not appear to have the unity or eavee to do this. In colonial life everyone likes to paddle his own canoe, animoks or swims accordingly. I once knew a farmer in Brisbaue who sold his own fiuit direct from the orchard, and from a start with a profit of £3 a week, he soon ran up to £12, and after that be never said what be made in case I should publish it iu a nawspaper. In this way we now see the tea and coffee planters of India1 and Ceylou opening depots in this colony and selling to their customers either retail or wholesale. A notable instance of whioh is the Lipton firm, who are now advertising so largely in the Sydney papers. Thuy own several plantations in Ceylon, aud have : branches all ovor the world for the sale of their' tea, coffee, and coffee essence. I mention this firm because some pf the family are printers, and own a large office in Glasgow, which shows that sometimes members, of the ' black art' (printing) go upon the land aud make money out of it. , No doubt you will have tea and coffee plantations on the Northern rivers iu the good time com ing, which, added.to your large agricultural and horticultural resources, the develop ment of the dairying and mining industries, should, with the full political representa tion you are now obtaining, pUce the Richmond and Tweed River electorates iu the front rauk of the favored districts of this colony. Looking at the past and present we can well say : ' What a change for the better has come over the spirit of our dream '—the moral of which is that we should not despise the day of small thing*, and give honor where it is due, even to the poor country piessman, who endeavors to mould publio opinion, and do the greatest good to the greatest number. In some in stances that wo know, his history resembles tho- American rhyme ab^ut a newspaper, which runs as follows : — ' He pitched his white tent in the wilds, Far from the human ' set,' Aud with a failh just like a child's, He said—' I'll get there yet.' He put him up a case of type, . . A liaudprcss and a ' stick,' And there where screamed the owl and nnipc Ho made tlie letters !' click.'! ,'.) ;: ? '- They wondered. what he was -about,! ? When in the woods they found him ; ' But when he got his paper out :, ? . ???. , They built a town aroniid him.' ' '' With best wishes to all friends, and thanks for your kindness, I remain, ftc, .. W. KELLEWAY. Balraain, 18th September, 1893. Sib,— I am at a loss to know how. to head this reply to your correspondent ' Navu* Homo, ' whoarjpears so ashamed of bis attack on a. .contributor to your paper (who writes under.the name assigned him in infancy), that he. she, ox it has to adopt an alias (like an evil doer) to cover his iden tity. However. I feel obliged to, him for the complimentary terms in which allusion is made to m^. contributions, and the op portunity afforded me of endeavoring to convert him among others fioui bis heathen- descended superstition, or rather idolatry, only next .time be criticises an opponent who 'signs his name to his press productions, let him be man enough to follow the example. I have. no doubt your correspondent; in common with every holder of absurd, ignoraut and . unenlight ened tenets, should prefer not to discuss any subject that might enlighten his dark ness, which is the chief reason why there are so many among us of . his professed way of thinking, as Mr.Sohn. of Warded, once said to me, in reply to the question : ' How is it so many educated and intelli gent men remain Christians.' He answered: 'They are too lazy to think for them selves, and pay .a clergyman to do that for them,' ana the consequence is the priest of every kind of religion,' from the 'crodgee' of, our Australian aboriginals, up to the highest dignatories of the Christian churches, obtain such a power over the minds of our dupes, who are so feat ful of the eternal torments of the hereof ter, which the latter teach; that they iear to eat of the fruit of the (figurative) 'tree of knowledge, and thereby remain in the . darkness of their superstition, and allow themselves to be led and overridden rough shod by their teachers. .It w#» a pity that before your correspondent took up the cudgels in de fence of his XftOFKSBBD superstition he did not make further inquiry on the subject of his letter, and bad he even read my notes attentively, he would not have fallen into the error he has. made. The subject was brought before the British Parliament end therefore was a 'public matter, and I copied the article your correspondent complains of from that well-known 'religious' paper the S. Mi HerAld, knowing very well that priestcraft was so rampant in this district every local paper would pass it by. Your correspondent '(with the learned doad language name) is entirely incorrect. First —about the situation of the island, as it is not South Sea; but New Zealand. Sec ond—it is not i.ntives that have embraced christiauity, but people of his own colour and nationality, as did these inhabitants belong to an inferior race-much the British or any so-called Christian Parliament would bother about them ; but as it ap peared from the account, the ' people were so dominated by these well-paid free and supposed ohristiaic teachers that they were virtually slaved, whioh under British rule could not exist. Now, I hold the belief that every man has been sent into this world'to benefit his race and. generation to the very utmost of his ability—that is to leave it better than ho found it, and in this connection I would ask your corres pondent (if not a paid chbistian teacher, or rather a teacher of the supernatural, or sometbiogyhe can possibly know nothing about), whether he or myself are fulfilling this common law to all purpose* the most effectually.. Or if he is not a paid Chris tian how far do his frofessii ns of that faith carry him, as AocbUUNQ to THE bible there is not a single true and sincere Christian alive on the face of the earth to day, and I believe there never was one, so that really, the majority he claims are en tirely on the other side, as it is merely, fear of publio opinion, pretence, or to gain an advantage over their neighbours, or some other equivalent, that influences the pro fessors of this faith. Under these oiroum stances, I wonder would; your correspon dent have the temerity,, to face public opinion, with all its derogatory, attach ments and -contumely, as I have for a great number of years, from people who called themselves Christians, but who really possessed loss of Christian chanty than I did. I maintain I have a perfect right to try. aid gain converts to light, reason, aud common sense,- and although of very mean ability compared with tho giant intellect of many upholders of a similar belief, I shall hot cease to spread these views whenever I may bavo the occa sion or opportunity to do so. The very fact of this religion having existed for nearly twonty centuries,1 seeing that ' old things have passed ayifavi and all have become new,' and 4o4t *»n includes nations, it is about time we had- -a new belief of Truth, Virtue, and Honor, without any paid ex ponente of our duty to our fellow man, and get rid of once and for all' of our shoddy humbug ? superstition with all ? its expensive machinery. I have no doubt' your correspondent, should he reply, will make some remark about the ab'ueive «tyle of this letter. My intention is eertainly not abusive, but; for want of any good ar gument of defence this is the uaual.way of putting off a reply. 'I trust, Mr. Editor, you will not be so narrow in your belief as to exclude this reply to ' Novus Homo's ' misrepresentation of facts, but should he answer please not insert: it, uin'.ew under' his true name, as it is hardly fair play my contending against a shadow. — Yours, &o.;, C.'T. BAGOT. 