kt&ty; jldpdf J r m o m INTERNATIONAL (AFTERNOON) LESSONS. JULY 30. PAUL AT EPHESUS.—Acts xix. 1-12. GOLDEN TEXT. " When He, the Spirit of truth, is come, He will guide you into all truth.—John xvi. 13. INTEODUCTOBY. The visit of Paul to Corinth, considered last Lord's ^ay, finished his second missionary journey, excepting that on bis way back to Palestine he called at Ephesus, where he left his companions, Priscilla and Aquila, promising himself to return. He then went on to Jerusalem by way of Cee<area, and afterwards to Antioch, the city from which, he had started• on his first missionary journey. Then after a while he set out upon his third journey, first visiting oid friends in Galatia and Phrygia, but still remembering his promise to go to Ephesus. Meanwhile a very clever and eloquent teacher had come to that city from Alexandria in E^ypt. His name was Apollos ; he was a Jew, iull of Old Testament knowledge, and a believer in the teaching of John the Baptist. At Ephesus Apollos iell in with Paul's friends, Aquila and Priscilla, who taught bim to know Christ, and then went on to Oorinth, to continue the work of Paul (1 Oor. iii. 6). This brings us to our lesson. • EXPOSITORY NOTES. 1\. The upper coasts; i.e., the inland couatry : 'Galatia and ..Phrygia (ch. xviii. 23). To Ephesus. -Fulfilling his promise (ch. xjdii. 21), The largest and .most important city of Proconsular Asia ; the seat of the worship of Diana (Artemis) whose temple was one of the wonders of the world. Its remains have recently been brought to light (see Wood's " Explorations in Ephesus "). Paul's friends, Aquila and Priscilla, were waiting for him here; no doubt they began to work together at their trade (see ch. xx. 34). •Certain disciples. That is, disciples of Christ, although their faith in Him was imperfect. 2\. Have ye received.... . since. Should rather be as It.V., ye receive . . . when. Paul, not 'knowing them personally, inquires into their spiritual ihistory. We hive not so much heard whether there be any Holy Ghost; i.e., whether the Holy Spirit has "been given (comp. John vii. 39). They could not have been ignorant of the existence of the Holy Spirit. This the Old Testament would have taught them, as well as the teachings of John the Bxptist. But they had not heard whether the promise of the great Rift had been fulfilled. 3\. Yet they had been baptized—unto what? _Not into the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. They explain, Unto (R.V., into) John's •baptism. Probably by Apollos, in the days when he too had known only " the baptism of John " (ch. xviii, 25)- " . . . : . . 4\. An explanation of what John's baptism had meant : (]) repentance (Matt. iii. 11) and (2) waiting. The people were to put away their sins, and to look •for Him which should come after John. These .disciples in Ephesus had repented, but were still -waiting for the coming Saviour. This was their mistake, for He had already come. 5\. When they heard. It is plam. that they gladly received the good news. [The word " this " should be omitted. They heard not only Paul's words in ver. 4, but all that he had to tell them of the gospel.] In (R.V., into) the name of the Lord Jesus. They were baptized again, because the profession made at their former baptism W86 of an incomplete gOBpel. 6\. The Holy Ghost came on them. As upon the first Gentile converts (ch. x. 44). A gift, BB at Pentecost, qualifying them to carry on the work of Christ in' this great 'fcity. Prophesied. Preached under the guidance of the Spirit. The words of the Golden Text were fulfilled again in them; The Spirit guided them 1 into all (R.V., the) truth. 7\. Twelve. The Srstfruits of Ephesus: we hear no. more of them. Very possibly they were among " the elders " (ch. xx. 17). " • 8\. Into the synagogue. As at Thessalonica and Oorinth (ch. xvii. 2; xviii. 4). Disputing (R.V., reasoning) the things'concerning the Kingdom of God. A description of Christian teaching that may have been suggested by the- reference to John the Baptist. 9. Divers. Some, not all, of the Jews were hardeued. Their resistance to the apostle's three months' ministry would make them more decided and obstinate in unbfllief. Spake evil of that way (R. V., of the way). The phrase used to describe the Christian life (ch. ix. 2 ; xix. 23). Before the multitude. Not only rejecting the truth themselves, but attempting to prejudice others against it. He departed from them. The old experience (see ch. xviii. 6). Separated the disciples. From the synagogue, or, as one may say, " formed a church," or Christian congregation. Disputing (R.V., reasoning, not only on the Sabbath, but daily, in the school of one Tyrannus. Possibly some teacher of rhetiric or philosophy who lent his room " for love 0£ money " to the teachers of the faith. 10\. Two years. In addition to the three months (ver. 8) in which Paul's labours were confined to the synagogue. In all, theapoBtle spent about three years in Ephesus (ch. xx. 31). All they which dwelt in Asia (Proconsular Asia). Ephesus became a centre missionary work. For the names of six other churches, probably now established, see Rev. i. 11. 11\. 12. Special miracles (" powers ") by the hands of Paul. The apMtle being only an instrument, the power being with God. These miracles heing " special," were out of the common course. Handkerchiefs or aprons. The crowd about Paul may have been too great, or the sufferers too infirm, to allow of their coming to him, so the handkerchiefs with which he had wiped his brow or the aprons that he had worn at his toil were regarded as equivalent to his own presence. God, in His goodness, owned the people's simple faith, and gave His blessing to the means employed. Diseases . . . and the evil spirits. Evidently two different clasaes of infliction. •LESSONS. 1\. The meaning of baptism. This is made plain by the contrast between baptism by John and that by the apostles. The former was a sign of repentance and of waiting; the latter of hope fulfilled, in the Saviour who has come, and of faith in Him. To be baptized "into the name of the L)rd Jesus " is the same thing with being baptized" into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost" who witnesses of Him. Thus Christ is all. 2\. What Paul taught at Ephesus. Last Sunday's Golden T^xt showed us what Paul taught at Corinth. So ch. xx. 21 shows what he taught to the Ephesians. Repentance towards God,"and faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. Two great doctrines ; making up together " the Way "—the way of life and salvation. •QUESTIONS. 1\. Who were companions of the Apostle Paul at Ephesus ? 2\. Which of Paul's Epistles were written at Ephesus, and how does the Epistle describe his work in the city ? 