Plunkett for Albert. (To the Editor of the Logan Witness.) Sir,— May I ask your permission to en- croach on your valuable space in order to give you our views of the chances of the three contestants for the Albert election. I have read several letters eulogising the three candidates, but the opinion here is that Mr. Plunkett's return is a dead cer- tainty ; and, I have no hesitation in saying that a more hard-working, honest, and straight forward man than our late member has ever had a seat in the Legislative As- sembly. I have watched his political career closely, for I was bitterly opposed to him at the last general election, and he has re- turned good for evil, and has materially assisted me over many difficulties, for which services I and many others with similiar cases will now endeavour to repay. The second candidate, Mr. Castles, has not the ghost of a show — he is too well-known. There is a good story told of him down Tambourine way. About twenty electors there went to hear his views — not for love of him (he has been there before), and they did not want relief, so I presume they went from curiousity — but he refused to address them; the evening had been wet, and the audience not large enough being the reasons given. They went home disgusted, and are still wondering if the price of the hall — £1 1s. — was not rather too much for Mr. C. to waste on such unpromising voters. The third, Mr. Macnamara, is almost unknown; we have not seen or heard of him for five years, and then he came to try and talk us round to his way of thinking, which he absolutely failed to do, and has again. The fact that he runs a small newspaper at Southport, and owns some property there is hardly sufficient to recommend him to such a large number of electors; and when we remember that the Southportians did not even elect him to a seat on the Shire Council, we begin to think he is not quite so "popu- lar or such a "wonderfully able man" as the Southport 'Bulletin' (his own paper) would try to lead us to believe. We are thoroughly satisfied with our late member, and will not have "Mac," at any price, thanks. This is the opinion of the electors, who are all grateful to Mr. Plunkett for his past untiring services, and who intend to again place him at the head of the poll. — Yours, etc, AN UPPER ALBERT ELECTOR. April 20th, 1893. 