Loyal Orange Lodge. ANNIVERSARY tERVICES. The anniversary servines in c?noeotion with the Bearts of Oak Loyal Orange Lodge in this town were held in the SBohool of Arts on Sendsay afternoon last. Contrary to the recognised eastom in years past, aend following a role adopted last year, there was no proceslsion on this oeooseon. The serrice commenced at 3 o'clook, by which time a goodly number of persons had assembled a the nall. The gather og warn presided over by Bro. W. C. . Kailser, w.M,, and there were with him on the plat form, besides tseverl members of the order, wearing their hsndsome regalia, the Reve. P. Bobertson, J. Walker, W. Brown, and W. Smith. An organ was placed immediately in front of the platform, at whibch Mr. R. H. Ingram (who kindly lent she instrument for the occasion) presided, it being need to sooompany the sing sog of the hymns, several of Senkey'e being sug during the service. After the singing of a hymn and the Rev. J. Walker had engaged in prayer, the Rev. P. Robertson read a portion of Soripture. The Caroatnr then nailed upon the Rev. J. Walker to give an addrese, Mr. Walker, in his openingremarks, esid that he and the Rev. P. boherteon had on the previons day been in the midetef young life which was throbbing with loyalty to Jessne Christ, and waiting to do for Him all they could. It would notbo cut of plaoe in psesiang, jnst to mention thet that day at Montreal, in Canada there were probebly between 20,000 and 80000 yong Christisns aesembled in conference, representing one of the most important modern movementse-that of Christian Endeavour. He referred to this in psssing, benane although he believed they ehould not be oblivious to historic fsota, nor be insensible to theirduty in pretesting when pro. teasting was right, seill he realieed moro and more the errors that were reampnt in the world. There was a meoh more effective, and a manch shorter way of dealing with nertain mnatters than was generally adopted. For in tasnoe, nothing woald avail in simply atteaking a certain great organisation. Not the slight at impression could be made upopen it by any thiing that was aid against it, unlens it was aidain the spirit of Jesus Chrint. If they as Protestant Christians, had done their duty along the right ion, what a different resolt there would have been now. If they were opposing cercain forms and matters, the oppoiition most he made in the epirit of troth and by a Spiritual Power, The weapons of war. fare ehould not be earnal, bat they shoold uEe mighty weapons through God-the weapons of truth and faeth in God. They shonld see that their lives were inspired by God, and monlded in the likesnesh of Jasus Christ, and secoure by prayer all the blessings that God ooold convey. If as she time of the Battenburg conference, the varions Orange lodges in the world had been engaged in earnest prayer for the out poering at God's Heoly Spiret in its greatest power what a differentreslta there wolnid have been. There would then have been started a sptritOal reformation, larger and grander in its far-reeobiig results, than ever the world knew or of had seen. Was it not possible, then, that they would have to rearrange their position and method of work 1 Be held that the Roman Catholics had the trath, but they had a great deal of error connected with it. They held mixed up with all their error these truths at least-the existeonee of God; the divine ohareater of Jesus Christ; and the aerson allty and power of the Holy Ghost. If the truth in the Roman Catholic Church was touched by the Spirit of God there would be such a revival, such a spiritual up. heaval, as the world had never before seen. The way in which this state of affairs wis likely to be brought about was by the Pro. testant Christians of to-day supplicating their God to send His blessings down upon those whose belief w wrapped round with a good depl pf peruloiois error. For prayers to have this efeot they insltoome from Christian liv nog men-men who were living faithfully under the light of the Son of God. He did believe in prayer, and he believed that the Roman Catholic Curoh would neven be changed by attacks from the ontslde-an opinion whioh the great commentator, Dr. Adam Clarke, held seo. D. Dr. Clarke, an Irishman born, who lived in Ireland, and knew by personal experience what the Roman Catholic system was, said distinctly that any reformation which was brought about in that Chorob must come from within. It was eo in Luther's time. By praying, too, for the object he mentioned they woiiu4..d derioe nifitiol litemiri. They wantid a iUet deal more Of thea.i*er of tWi Holy Spirt;'There wan great p'neibilitiei in prayer; so let them pray that God would send his Spirit with a Pentecostal power on all the gatherings of theirfriends of that greit organ. isation, and that He would bhptizs them with his Spirit and start them on a new career of blessedness an liberty. In order to have this ooomplished they,'as Protestants, tnust be true to Christ themselves, and not be unfaith. fat. He could offer no more fervent prayer t41an athtlaey might see thefaoc of Chriit in an?1i~ani that the power of His Spirit might come upon them. Let them pray then that Christ would give to all that blessed and glorious liberty which they themselves enj yed. Another hymn having been song, The Rev. W. Bnows then delivered a short and impressive address. He said that he firmly believed in the utterances that had fallen from the last speaker-that there would be no reformation or revival in the Roman Oatholio Church except that which must come from within-or rather come from above-and that this must be sought in prayer by all who desired it to be brought about. They were met there that afternoon that they might, as it were, celebrate the triumph of certain funda. mental truthe, but they were not assembled cut of any uncharitable spirit, for they had not the slightest desire to cherish a single unloving thohght concerning any of God's creatures. There were a few words in the New Testament which impressed themselves very much upon his mind-words which conveyed in brief much, if not all, which it was now their duty to protest in favour of and to seek to uphold. Their Lord had said "I am the Way, the I'rtb, and the Life; no man cometb unto the Father but by me." To his mind no single verse sedmed to more briefly or clearly show the dif ferences that exntted between them as Pratest ants and the organiaetion referred t?. How grievonely had these words of the Saviour been departed from. In the comparatively early htenory of the Church this order of things was changed. First, the Bishops were the channels through whom Christ was to be approached, and gradually the idea spread until the priests were made the medium through which God was to be approached. But what did the Great Book state ? Why, that Christ was the Way, and no man could oome to the Father but by Him, It might be well for them then to refresh their minds on tbiseubject to-day, Io Coriet they could get new life, and through Him they could go unto the Father. Christ wae becoming more and more the centre of human thought. The people to-day wra finding out that Christ was the centre and source of their strength. Bat, still, how many taere werejn the world who were looking not to Christ for the truth, but to some hman inrprterpreter of the written Word. Here was Chrioe'e written Word, however, for them all, and it was for them to search and see for themselves what the Lord had said. and not to go to the Church and ask what the Churoh, or the written traditioon of the Church, had to say. They all wanted to realize that Christ was the embodiment of the Divine truth. Christ was the revelation of the Father, and He came into the world that we might have life more abundantly. The idea of seeking light in works was not, be feared, canfine alone to the Roman Catholic Churoh, He would beseech them not to turn away from the path of God's will. Let them see that they had not a mote in their own eye when they were seeking to get the beam from another's eye. Toomnoh reliance must not be placed on socioties to do cortlin works. Oi ganisatioon were right enough to aocomplish certain euds, but they also wanted some mightier power to assist them. More theorzing on oertai mattet would not do. They muat live out the trutkb of the Gospel if they wished to aooomplish any good; for, if they did so, then. there would be muoh more likelihood of souls being won from the darkness of snper stilion to the true light in Christ Jeans. Another hymn having boeeon sng, The Rev. P. ROnRTaoON delivered a short address, baring his remarks on the words, "Thank God for an open Bible." He said, seeing that they had this privelego of an opeu Bible, for which they oontd thank Co., thbel must grasp the opportunity to see the means that God had planed at their disposal for a proper end, and not allow this open Bible to meet them at the Judgment Day as a witners oagaeiost then. Be urged on all to so live out i the teasohinge of the Bible as to be ever ready to meet God when the summons of death came, "for in souh an hour as ye think not the Scn of God" might come. The CaLRMAxA apologised for the absence of the Rev. T. Jones through a bereavement in bis family, and at the same time expressed his sympathy for Mr. and Mrs. Jones in their asd loss. He then stated that he wished to re mind all interested that the annual tea-meeting in oonnoection with the lodge would be held in that hall on Wednesday (to-morrow) evening. The meeting was then brought to a close by the Rev. W. Brown proneounoing the bane. diotion. 