jack martin's ghost. "Wo were sitting boforo tho fire in Jack Martin's snug little crib in Forest. Lodge one evening last weok, whon the conversa tion turned on the topic of burglars and burglary. " I don't suppose I'll over be burgled," observed Jack, as he slid tbe whisky bottle across the tablo with the thorough grace of a true gentleman. " I don't keep much on tho promises worth shifting by anyone except tho bailiff, hut I don't know that I'd he very much scared if one of those gentry did happen to drop in." And as ho stretched out a long arm to reclaim tho decanter, and squared a pair of shoulders of considerable breadth as he poured out anothor snifter, it looked pounds to pennies that any burglar who found his way into Jack's room would pro bably remember tho circumstanco for the greater portion of tho remainder of his life. " But I got ail awful fright once," he continued, meditatively. , . . " An awful fright," he repeated. " I've heard of men's hair turning white in a night, and that sort of. thing, from terror, and I. toll you the morning after I took fright my hair was so short you couldn't catch hold of it anywhere. " I had it cut with a pair of horse- clippers tho day before ; perhaps that may account fqr it. "You remember the day Black Jim Darcy was killed at Ellangowan ?" Wo remembered the day and the event very distinctly. Black Jim was a white man — one of the whitest men who ever straddled a saddle, and one of the finest horsemen whose thighs ever gripped pigskin. Game as a pobble and strong as a bull, he was the gayest, kindest-hearted follow- in the North — ready for anything from a . frolic to a fight at any time, hut uever qui to so happy as when tackling an outlaw in horseflesh — au animal turned out as useless and incorrigible. On the day of which Jack had. spoken, Jim had taken a very tough case in hand in tho shape of an outlawed stallion of un certain ago, who was, if ever an equine was that "way, stark, staring mad. ' He had. been run in with a mob to tho, yard,' and tho others being drafted out, was left alone to sulk for an hour beforo being taken in hand. Whoa Jem went down to tho yard the brute was plainly excited, feverish, and. fidgety, and as there was nothing in deal- . ing with him, we tried to persuado the rough rider to let him go. Ho was, liowovor, determined, and there was , no uso in saying anything. Ho dropped off the cap into the yard with a rope in his hand, and tried to start tho animal so as to lasso him. But ho would not move, and Jim, a wary and experienced hand, coiled the rope up short to take a standing thfow. Ono of tho crowd on tho fence mado some remark, and he turned half round to reply. No one knew just how it happened, hut next second Jim was down, and the man-eating brute was wolfing . him on the ground. We wero paralysed — all but Jack. He was in the yard in two jumps, .and, snatch ing up a broken slip-rail, belted all the sin out of that equine demon in two mighty hits, and when the rest of us got into the yard a dead horse and a dead horseman lay side by side. Jim had been struck fair on the top of his head when the out law jumped, and his skull was cracked like a split eggshell. He was stone dead when Jack lifted him up. "That afternoon," he proceeded, "I 'left the station, and went across to Burke's, where I meant to stay the night. " I was very tired, and after a good tea and a fow whiskies, turned in. Thero were a couplo of Sydney girls staying there, and I had excused myself from going into the parlor with them, leaving Burke to explain things afterwards. " It must have been close on midnight when I woko up. You know how you. wake up sometimes — alert and .keen, from the soundest sleep. The house was dead quiet, nnd except for the ticking of the big clock in tho dining-room, thero. was not a sound to bo heard. Tho . moonlight streamed in through tho open window, and I was just reaching for my pipo when I saw, in the centre of tho room, a sight which simply froze mo up just whore I was. " A ghost, my hoy, dressed in white, long flowing hair, one hand clutching at the breast of her costumo, the1 other pointed straight at me. Her eyes wero wide open, and her lips slightly parted, and I recalled in a moment all tho ghosts I havo ever read of. She answored to several descriptions. She wa3 a gonuine spectre, and I — I own up, I was tho worst scared man north of the city of Sydney that night. " I couldn't move — she didn't stir, and Heaven only knows what might havo hap pened, hut just as I was breaking out into alternate- hot and cold sweats, and every tooth in my head was doing a chatter on its own account, another figure, exactly similarly gob up, came in and — — " Well, I must have fainted. Anyhow, when I next looked they wero gono." "Nightmare ?" "Not much. Next morning I noticed Mrs. Burke and the two Sydney girls were very unsettled — no way cordial or homely, and I wondered what was wrong. Burke was out. When he came home I got him by himself and told him tho whole busi ness, and I toll you, old fellow, I thought he'd have died laughing. He ha-ha'd and ho-ho'd, and went on that way till I got angry, when ho said, 'Jack, old boy, it's too good ; come inside "and tell the missus.' " Wo went in, and I started my ghost story, but it did nob go. They hoard a few words, ami thou the threo of them went into a laughing fit, which lasted till I got outside and called tho hoy to fetch up - my horse. I was too mad to stay and be . laughed at for a frightened fool, and wanted to get into open country to relieve my feelings with a few suitable remarks. About this stage in my temper Mrs. Burko camo out and told mo what was tho matter. ' Ono of tho girls walked in hor sleep and her sister missiqg her, had tracked her into my room, and taken her away. '"But you. can , bet she doesn't walk ' in hor sleep now.' : " ' How the deuce do you know ?' " Eh ! Oh, here comes the missus ; ask her.'" Mark Twain tells the story that, at the inquest held on the body of Buck Fanshaw —who, during the delirium of a raging typhoid fever, had taken arsonic, 6hob him- . self through the body, cut his throat, and jumped out of a four-story window, break ing his neck — the jury, after duo delibera tion, sad and tearful, but with intelligence unblinded by its sorrow, brought "in a \- verdict of " death by the visitation of God." Buck undoubtedly committed Buicide, and so does everyone who neglects . the first symptoms of approaching sickness and diseaso. Naturo always gives ample notice of any disturbance of physical pro cesses; sometimes it is neuralgia, some times a sharp, shooting pain in the abdomen or side, or a dull or- throbbing headache; no two persons get the same symptoms. "What you have to do is to attack the first symptoms, for if consump tion, dropsy, cancer, or Bright's disease once gets a start, you cannot stop their headlong course to the grave. These are facts there is no disputing, for all the medical skill in the world caunot do much for yon when real organic disease .has set; in. We emphatically recommend Clomonts Tonic, becauso we know by- personal expe rience and by the evidenco of influential . and rolinblo people who havo used it that it will do good aud prevent diseaso. . Clements Tonic is p. medicino that invigo rates and strengthens, the entire corporal organism ; it does not only affect certain members, but strengthens the whole system, thus preventing the attacks of disease. The assertions of tho uiauufnc- . turers are borne out and proved by Mrs. M. Bickerdiko, Borry, N.S.W., who writes on April 10, 1893 : — " About twelvo months ago I suffered severoly from neuralgia ; I suffered continually for about . four months, especially at meal times. I had no sooner sat down at the. table than I would have to get up and leave it. Owing to being unable to take my food I became so weak that I was scarcely able to get about. I tried several other remedies without being relioved. Hearing so much of Clements Tonic I resolved to give it a trial ; before I had finished the first bottle I felt mysolf relieved. I was so gratified with the effect it had on mo that I re- Bolved to give it a fair trial ; the second bottle thoroughly cured me ; I have never suffered from neuralgia since. I am sure it is a thorough cure for the above com— plaint. I have been in the habit of recommending Clements Tonic to a number, of my acquaintances, who all speak of it in the most enthusiastic terms. — Yours most sincerely, Mrs. M. Bicker- dike, Berry, N.S.W. 