SCBIPTUBE READING IN SCHOOLS. ÄEPOBT B* TÍ» sotftH Àtfe INdPECTOE^afiNßBAL OF JÖHOÖJJS. Mr. ¿¿ A. HarÖey, Ínspector-General of Behoola, ganta ÀnëtfâlU, htá fettlished the following report to tue Minister ot JBdaoationj hi South Australia, on Sarlgtare-readiag in tho Sohoéls of Nsw South Wales «- - I have 4he honour in Äecordanöe with your Instructions tespeotfully submit *be fol- io wing; notes and obserraiions made on ,my recent visit lo New South Walea to enquire Into' tbs system of Scripture lessons tin tbs publia schools of tb at colony. I had the ad- vantage of an inter" new w^tti the Minister of Eduoatlon (Hon. F. B. Suttor) and with tbe Under-Sec rotary (Hr. Bi Jobtasdn). It ia hardly necessary to say that information was, freely giren aad ever? facility afforded for. making personal entt>iriei in the aohools. Thb teacher*1 whom linet were abo extremely < conrteons «nd obliging, and rendered my task comparatively au easy one. .." ' A. It may be convenient in the first place -, te quote the seotbns of the New 8oathWales Act wbiob relate to 'religious ? instrnotion in schools. ' They are as follows :-. " '.^'i §fc$¿aa IN§I«U(CTION. '». '. . Bípilón ^ Io all eohoola .nadertale' ASA the jteaobing ehall he^stribt/y non-sectarian, hat ,tbo worda.'^seealaYw^ held to inofudexonelr4 'religions' t&ohlng; as dis tmguishéd^ fromK dogmatical'or polemiosl ^neology, '*.; '", JU. &V90U.;Í Bfentoieps IiiwranCTtftw. ; Section J*. . ft every Çttotte school foark boora dnmir'each Sób6ol &y; shall %e devoted to spooler ina|Va^pá *ie)nn h por- tion of each day (¿ot' more than One hour) shall bis set apart when the ohilarea pf any one reibrionS persuasión may1>e instructed, by ,fbe .eferymw^r other rejigroaa teacher bf eueb persuasion; but ïn àll o&a;éi the paplls receiving seekreligions ïnttruotion shjdl be separated from thé other pnplls of thertbcpl. And the hour buring Wbloh aaoh religions instruction may bp given shall be fixea by matuat'&ÄeitW^ ioard in /obnaullition with thV teephft ot> euob' School and tue clergy man or fcbedfafcriDt, or aueh other person ais miy lïê idly anther-, ised toatstsnhfsa^ olasaroom of aoypúbUen*hoel«sy< b» nsed for saab religious insta^tion by like e^rreement. Pro- vided that if ' t wo or «ore clergymen-of ? dif- ferent pemawfoas deaire to give reUgiouf iaatraetioa a&mny; soheol ibo dbildren of leseb «nob different persuasion shall bs fco inetruo ted ondulèrent days. Provided also that the «eligióos instruction <*s be seo given aballf ia etety oàae^hs th» religious instruction anfcb ortsed by tbs Church to wbtabth*clergyman i CrotbBr*eligiées-«*ajober susybekmg. <Pjrp* vided farther that ia cane of ¡tba p<H}#iton* .anea of any clergfaBattVOr. religions teether ¡ durtng'*ny portioaofaha» period agree&eo; be eat é^art for religious jnatruotiftn snob period «bali be flevoted to tba , ordinary aeoalar in* >struati<mins*oh school.; ;..., : ? iv-, «eetlon 18; NotmtbstaadiagiMythihg; to the «xmtrsry iatha b^l vrecedlng'seotionnD pupil in«pubUo aobool ahatl1)e ««quired te receive -any general uer epeoial1 religtoua ; ts». atruotion if the parents or guardians of-etch pupil object to euoh religions 4nstmotiab being given. ; B. The question isf arther dealt with in!the following regulations, vrhiob bave a« asnal the force of via w :- , " s . lt Beligtoua Views of pupils or ct Parents; »¿.148.' Noshing most ever be said or done by any teacher, in a pupil's Bearing or preaapee. calculated to offend the relipfr ns views of- tbat pupil, or of aar other in that sohool, ar/ of th* parents of aar such pupilt . ? 2. Time-table.-150. The time-table to be observed in the schools is the following, ex except that in caaes within, the proviso td the preceding regulation the time in each instance will be half an hour later titan specified : From 9 to 10. Special religions instruction ; or, in public or provisional oonooie, where no religious teacher is in attendance, ordinary instrnobion. 3.- Spebial Religious Instruction.-151. 'Where the time specified for epeoial religions instruction is inoonvenient«ome other hour may be fixed by mutual agreement between tbe Pabilo School Beard, the teacher, and the person giving auch instruction. 4\. INBTBUCTIOK Hf SCHOOLS. Coarse of Instrnotion.--155. The coarse of secular instrnotion, as the term is denned in the Pnblio Instrnotion Aot, shall be as follows for each class :-Infant Department.. Scripture-'Narratives and moral' lesson. Firat Class : (girls and . boya).-Soripturp Narratives and moral lessens. Old Tes a mentNo.l. SeooudClasa.-^oripture-^LN a. Old Testament No. 4, moral lesabnli. Thud Glaas.--^oriptnre--LN3. ' Old Testament, No. 1, New Testament No. ^. Fourth CIH .-B. -Soriptura-I¿N3^ .whole/ series. Fifth Class.--As for fourtii class. ! Tbe earne regulation specifies the standard of prefioienoy to be reached by eaoh' olass ia each, half-year, but this is in every ease the same aa in the coarse of instruetión quoted Tb» following kable shows the value of snarks allotted for Soripture in each class, shadiug, writiag, and arithmetie being also Stated fer comparative pnrpoaes :~ J In- Olasa Olaes daaa Class Class' / , tant. I. ii. nr. rv. v. fBeading- ... 100 100 100 100 100 80 iWritinr .u ' eo eo loo 100 MO SO lasttammue 109 loo loo ioo loo loo Scripture ,... SO 89 80 «9 OO 00 OJeaees." . . ' . . . , \ Special -0B«li«ious lo6tTnotion.-15l No pupil ia required to receive special religious loett*otitm il tba parente or guardians of sncb pupil object te »nek xeltgions instruction being given. General Religious Instruction J68. Where any parent or guardian objects to a pupil re- ceiving the general religious instruction pre scribed in the course ef instruction notifiea Hon to the effect «ball be made to the teacher in writing. Denominational Books.-159. The teacher in all schools tinder the superintendence of the Minister »hall see that the religions books employed in the elaeses foe special re- ligions instruction are confined to tbs time and place of such instruction; end net left In thé way «f children whose parents nay object to then*. C. It willthds he seen that Soriptnre les- sons form a part of the resalar work in every ^school. form the highest class to the lowest. A careful inspection was made of tbeteaoning in two large Sydney echóla with ft daily at' tendance of 1,400 abd 700 respectively, and thèse observations wets checked by enquiries made in a country fi&hool; (350 average) about eeveiity mile's from Sydney, I was assured On all betide that What waa teen might be tafeen as typical ot the work in any one of the publie schools ifl the colony. 1< The Soripture lessons (each lasting three ejaarterd ,oi an hour) appear io be given as a rnie once a week. 2. It wûl give a better idea of the nature ot the instruction if the work set down for certain classes is spéoifed in detail. It must be «ftdewtood that this programme shows the lessons to be given during the current qnarter--January to Marah, 1893. . ' Glass TL (Lower Division).¿-Old Testament L Lessons 1-4-The Création) Ad&m; in Paradise j! Creation' of tho Woman ; Fall -of Adam and Eve into ein. (Gtnesis 1.3.) . Class ILffJpper Division).-Old Testament I. Lessons 9-12. from tbs Deluge to the dall of Abraham; <?all of Abraham { History of Abraham toontinU»d);: Convenant of God with Abraham. (Genesis 9-17 in*part)i . Class IO. (Lower Ölvieion).-ÔldTëstament I. Lessons ¿7-20-Death of Abraham ; Birth pf Esau and Jacob; XeaaegOBs M Derart Saan marries two wives ; Jacob fayeteatth'reaeivep his father's blessing ; his flight j his reception in Mesopotamia; hi8 return with his family to "Canaan. (Genesis 25-81 ia part). Class"'til.* (Upper Division).-Old Testa, ment I. Lessons 81-25--Meeting of Jacob and Sean; sitar mt Bethel ; death of Baohel ; ['Joseph seid by his brethren ; bis imprisen I meat in Egypt; made Governor of Egypt. I (Genesis 82-3. 5, 0,401). «Olees IV. (Lower Division).-New Testa*, ment'l. Lessons, 7-12, i.e., about three and a .half chapters of St. Luke's Gospel. (Chapters 4 Inpart, 6, .7,6). : . . Class IV. (Upper Division).-New Testa- ment IL Lessons, 1-10, «¿e., Chapara J to 12 of tine Acts of the Apostles. Prom this state, ment a fair idea may be .gained of the amount i of ground covered; and it is hardly necessary I tc 4fO' into farther detail, though the pro gramme of Other elaeses are available if re-' <quinsd. . .. » ....; , . " ' "3. I easy nbw give a short account of the lessons to Which I had the privilege of listen- ing, or* to be more accurate, the questioning \ on previous leesons. " Infant Department.-The little ones wére questioned eh the birth of Christ, tbs visit of «ie wise inehV ^hectare in ¡the East, the gift ^the^ brought; they were told not to let Herod know j why f "Because Herod thought Jesus had mme" to'take away hie palace." ? Not iso. ."Jesus did not come to sit ia a beautiful house', but to teach ns hew to be good, and to lové God." (this was almost the only really religious remark I heard). After eight daye Jehus was taken to the Temple,''anne buildV ing, not like onr little Sydney Churches," 41 just as onr little children are taken' to 'Church to be baptized." (No mention of even the name circumcision). Au old man waa there, Simeon, a prophet ; the promise to Simeon; he was very glad ti see tho ohild Jeans, and said he was qnite ready to die now. Anna, the prophetess. This lesson was well given-in fact, I Bm inclined to pronounce it quite the : best I heard. The teacher was a young girl, and she decidedly interested her pupils: Infanta (another school).-Questioning on the life of Moses ; his birth; names" of his father and mother ; his cradle in the Nile ; Miriam's watch over bim ; the finding by the Princess. Class II. (Boys).-On Abraham's sacrifice of Isaac. While listening to this lesson I regretted to notice the familiar way in wbioh the name of the Deity was used. dasi III. (Boys).-On the call of Abraham the olass read for about ten minutes. Then a map wes drawn on the blaokboard, and the Euphrates, Tigris, Jordan, Dead Sea, Ssa of Galilee, Bethel, Ai, aud Jerusalem were taught. Tho lesson was «ell given, but rather from a geographical point ot view. Class V. (Boys).-Twenty two lads were present, and they were above the average in intelligence. They were qaestioned on the escape of the Israelites from Egypt ; the in- stitution of the Feast of the Passover; giving of the law by Moses from Mount Sinai ; his forty days on the Mount; the two tables; the Feast of Fenteoost. Then by an easy transition the teacher passed to the descent of the Holy Ghost on the Apostles at the Feast .of Pentecost, the gift of tongnes, and its use. In all cases the pupils appeared to have a fairly satisfactory knowledge of the portion of Beripture history which formed the basis of the questions. 4\. It may come as a surprise to many to learn that the Irish National Soripture les- son books do not appear to be read. - An examination of the oode of regulations issued by the New South Wales Department shows that the teachers are nowhere enjoined lure these booka read. They (the boo awe quoted to show what the coarse of Blrggthra teto be, and consequently what to be tbe nature of the Inspector's exami: tion. It may also be presumed to be impl that the teachers mast not go beyond wi ia stated in the boote. Prom the nature tbe cue all lessons in infant departmei most be given orally, and as a matter of fi they appear to be given in the same way both bôy»* and girls' schools. The exact fa for the schools T visited are as follows: Sohool A. (boye?-Tbe books are never se School B (boys)-Sometimes tbe pupils re for ten minutes at tbe beginning of 1 lesson, tbe rest being oral. Sohool B (git .-.A reading leeson may perhaps be tai once in three months. Sohool C (boys a girls)-The books are never read. In re] to questions the teachers stated that tl believed the general practice tbronghc the colony to be to give tbe lessons oral not to read from tba books. It » not a matter for surprise that i teachers do not confine themselves to t reading of theso text books. However w adapted they may be not to offend the pi jadices of any section'of Christiana (and tl weald appear to be the special object whi tbe compilers bad in framing them) the e c Be se doubt that from an educational poi of view thef SS* TerT P°or books indee It is dijBdtflt io eouC*iv* ot anything mc ¿olí and.flnintetéetíng: tu»n »lesson whi should" consist merely of rendin* theBÖ Pa« ages wfth aa explanation of tile woroJ nwk for partié'olaf notice.- Moreover, there . certain parts of tés books which weald I better omitted altogether by boys and girl Hwving the'' best interests or tho children i heart, and being naturally anxious tc mal their lessons as otight and effective as poa ible, the teachers give them orally, and in i doing every ono with' experience ot yous obildren must agree with them. 5\. Tbe general impression left upon nt mind is that in the Sydney schools regule and satisfactory instruction ie given in Sar'J tare history« with somewhat of a tendency t Select stories frtfm the Old Testament i preference ? to tbe ffeW. I do not oenside that thèse lesson* are religions, and this is : perfectly natural consequence. lío speela time of tbe day is set apart,- but now in tb morning and now in the nfternoon a lesßo: in Soripiare history takes jits place bêtweei one in reading and* another ut arithmetic It is a part of tho régular business of tbi institution, and there is no epeoial referent about it. I must not be understood to refleo in the slightest degree* upon either tho systen or the teachers who are carrying it ont. Tb department follows the Aot in prescribiai thia werk, and the teachers loyally obBervi their instruction*. D. Sxemptien from Attendance.-The re galatioa by which parents are permitted ti withdraw their children from the Soripturi leesons has been quoted above. No statistic aré available te show how many ehildrei are exempted, but I was informed at thi office tbat tbe .number is net considerable. I Some enquiry was made in fae. Behool with'' the .following result :-Out of a did* j numbering ninety,, there were eight ehildrei ! who did not attend-four Jews, two Bomat Catholics, and two Freethinkers.. lu anothei class there-were ten ont'of seventy; al Were Boman Catholios or Jews. , In th« schools visited it appears to be looked on ai a regular thing that Catholio and Jewish children are withdrawn from the Scripten lessons: the latter, ' however, net alwayi whéü the instruction is- from the Old Testa, meat. \- Ei 'Special fieligious Instruction.-Tin religious body which avails itself to the greatest extent of tko permission to giv« special instruction to the children of its owr members during school hours is the Church of England. A committee has the mattel under its care, and moat of the city and suburban schools ore regularly visited by either clergymen, paid catechists, or ladies In the conntry the organization is muoh lest complete. The Presbyterians take tbe nexl place, and then the Weeleyans and the Jews The other religions bodies do vory little ii this direction. 2\. There is not the slightest friction in the arrangements. Tba department does all in its power to facilitate the work of clergy- men or other authorized religious teachers. 3\. No statistics can be prpdueed showing the number of schools in which special religious instruction is given. 4\. No teacher employed by tba depart- en ont can take any part in the special reli- gions instruction. The rule governing teachers' actions is very stringent. It is 30\. Teachers of all ranks are required to abstain from participation in any public meetiugs or other gatherings on party, poli- tical, or «ectorian topios, and generally to refrain from all action in such matters eal enlatad ta give offence to any seotion of the community, or to impair their own usefulness as teachers; they must also abstain from public controversy upon the merits of the system of education now in force, and from acting as local preachers, lay-readers, or local correspondents of newspapers. F. Attitude of the Churches towards the Education System.-1. With ono exception the Churches appear to be satisfied with the éducation system. They value the help given to them in their Sunday school work by the instrnotion in Scripture history in the public sehoolB, and they value the privilege of attend- ing to give special denominational teaching to the children of their own members. The Minister and the Chder-Socretary informed me that these religious bodies do not try, and apparently do not want to get anything more. 2\. The one exception is the CethoüeChureh». Consk tentíy with its stated policy this Church declines to recognise any ednoation'wsjeh is not conducted in etrjet aooordanoe with its own methbdsv Henee great efforts have bess made to establish separate Catholic schools, and by the help' cf the Marist Father» an« other teaching Orders good progress he» been made. At nose of the sebos*» visited did I find more than a few Catholic children, bat there were ia the immédiate neighbourhood large schools belonging 'tb that Chnroh. Of course in sparsely popa* lated districts the only place at which educe* tion can be obtained is the pnbjio school, bab on the whole the number of Catbolio children taught by the State is very much smaller im proportion than the Catholic population! Though no doubt a number of children belong* ing to this Church do actually attend tba general Scripture lesson, as far as J could gather the policy of the clergy is te require the children to be withdrawn. On the other hand Catholic teachers employed in the public schools give the Scripture lessons to their classes in the usual way. , 3\. No statistics are available to show the number of Catholic children in attendance ah the public schools. 