K'IMPOHTF, By J. O. B. Thsre was once a flippant humourist who came to a bad end through putting the following ques tion to a mixed audience : — ' When is a door not a door?' and replying with — 'When it is a- jar.' The crowd rushed the platform aad had him hanging to a beam before he'd time to work off another riddle of a similar character. In emte ot tnis warning, some memoers oi tne new South Wales Legislative Assembly Beem bent on inviting a similar fate by asking questions. In consequence oi tho abrogation of one Act of Parlia ment before the advent of its successor, the House finds itself in a position as ludicrous as unprece dented. The new Act will be the posthumous child of the old ; and as the latter gave up the ghost some days ago, while the progeny is not expected before January next, some droll constitutional questions arise in the interim. These questions are complicated almost beyond the possibility of disentanglement by the fact that the incoming Act materially reduces the number of representatives and passes a sponge over many electorates. Mr. Hassall's constituency, for instance, has disappeared as effectually as Poland from the map of Europe. It is, therefore, a nice question to know whom or what he at pre sent represents. In fact, it is at present very hard to say whether any legitimate Parliament exists, or whether constitutional government has not been hypnotised for three months in New South Wales. When Mr. Hassall's position was challenged in the House there was nothing for it but to challenge the challenger. The whole trouble may have arisen from an oversight ; but then it may have been brought about by one of those rare and subtle air»rXraa tVioi: mien af.nfncTna.nR'm-n f-.A i-lnt* IovaI nf A. fine art. * * ? * .The presence of whales off the coast, and even in Sydney Harbour itself, Bhows how a once lucrative industry has declined and died. There was a time when not one of the huge creatures would have been snffered to continue its northern journey without a harpoon and some fathoms of rope to keep it company. The rope, too, would be taut, through having a whale at one end and a boat at the other. Now, however, the southern -breeding-grounds have apparently become so crowded that the surplusage is forced north, much as humanity is forced west, by its constant increase. It is not for the want of encouragement that the whaling business has become all but extinct. Everything the leviathans can do to tempt men to follow has been done within the last week or eo. They scour our coasts, enter our harbours, and even fight pitched battles with hereditary enemies in the offing. What more do our seafaring folk want ? Do they expect the creatures to provide harpoons as well, and to sail by with the latter sticking in them ? Once and once only in the world's history the lower creation, turkeys par ticularly, passed through the land, not alone stuffed and cooked, but with knives and forks in their juiciest parts. Still, such times, like those of the Australian fifties, when once past one gone for ever. ? ? * * Near Windsor on the Hawkesbury, about 35 miles from Sydney, the Pitt Town Co-operative Settlement has started on a career whose success or failure will do much to settle the vexed question regarding such combinations — at least in New South Wales. Its birth may be dated from a late Saturday when allotments were balloted for. The Minister for Lands attended, speeches were made, and the infant community ushered into the world with a profusion of good advice. Mr. Copeland, the Minister mentioned, was thefairy godmother that smiled upon the child's advent. Hob gifts, however, were by no means of a lavish character, except in good counsel. His great desire was that the wee one should leave the cradle at once, and learn to walk without support. The State, its nurse, who as a baby-farmer could defy competition, had. so many waifs to suckle at present that her milk supply' could not hold out much longer. Industries by the dozen — from kerosene to tobacco — were squalling for _ a pull, and it was as much- as she could do to keep some of them from starving. Indeed, many of them were in such a poor way that it is doubtful if they should have been brought into the world at all. The death- mark was on their little brows from the start, and a bottle apiece would be required to keep eome alive. At the Pitt Town accouchement there was one speech in particular that went to the root of the whole matter. The speaker, evidently an ad vanced person, said with satisfaction mat the project was bound to thrive, 'as ' there would be little or no competition.' When asked if people would continue working for 'tucker,' he sententiously replied, ' What more can sensible men want ?' This is the crux of the whole situation. Here and there men and women are to be found who are content with a fair share of food and clothing, without a superabundance of either. Religious orders of all creeds possess members who are satisfied with, even fewer than three indifferent meals a day. But, if the world consisted of such, where would humanity be now instead of where it is ? At any rate, it is scarcely fair to expect a higher average of -virtue or con tentment among the Pitt Town pioneers than in the community at large. Wait till the settlement becomps large and prosperous enough to demand a Mayor and corporation— to clamour for a school of arts, a policeman, a female suffrage branch, a brass band, and an inspector of nuisances. If the inhabitants are then content with ' tucker ' and evince no leanings towards black hats or fashion able boots — if tiiej stall leave their doors unbolted at night and jocundly drive their . teams afield at morn to meet the sun upon the hill- tops — they will have done what men have been vainly en deavouring to do since little Gain gambolled with the brother that he afterwards garrotod. ? * * * In the Queensland bush a lost man has been found alive and fairly well. He said he lived for 30 days on one snake. It most have been the original creature that tempted Eve. Even so, the reptile — in at least one particular — found more than its match in the Queensland wayfarer. This will bear chewing. . . Mr. Giles, the well known Sydney police magistrate, will stand no more bad language on paper. It was customary for the arresting constables to write down ana hand to the Bench the precise words in which prisoners conveyed their impressions of the universe and its occupants on feeling the peace officers' knuckles in their cravats. These words were generally of a vitnperative and studiously scornf ol pattern. It would be idle to affect sur prise at this. For if anything tries the soul it is the having one strong person pulling you by the throat in front while another is pushing behind with his foot. But, in future, the gendarme will have to give orally everything that passed between him and the culprit during the promenade to the lock up. This, at all events, wnl be an attraction to idle people with no special vocation. An occa sional day in the police court will do much to con vince them that the man who called silence golden was before his time. ... At the Melbourne Bijou, a neat little theatre, £160 was taken twioa over on Saturday night last — once at the door and once out of the safe. The hast per formance — 3 o'clock on Sunday morning — was a benefit one in the truest sense, the beneficiary getting everything taken at the doors. Life is full of aggravations. But if any thing is more exasperating than to be hkeed as Iago or as Deacon Skinner late at night, and to have the strong-room broken into early in the morning, it has been concealed. ... A Herald correspondent is bitter against the city authorities for trusting to the moon for light during six nights a month. He thinks that, as an enemy to immorality, our satellite is much less trustworthy than either gas or electricity. He is probably right. The moon has been a long time shining on men, and the longer and brighter she shines the worse they seem to get. It is when she's fullest and roundest and most brilliant — when she sparkles like a silver shield on a Crusader's back — that they're at the worst. It is not eo much, however, to candles or gas that we must look for a check upon wrongdoing. Electricity is the moral police man that will ultimately banish crime. It can. bo applied, too, in so many ways. Perhaps the most efficient plan is to get the offender on his face and run one electrode along his spinal column from Dan to Beersheba. In a few minutes that will teach him more of himself aad of th« duties he owes society than all the moons of the Cosmos if full at the same time. « * * * The learned circles of Europe and of the world are at present violently agitated. The turmoil is attributable to the news from Greece, where the skull of Sophocles has lately been found. Sus picion attaches to everything recently discovered in the JE^ean. Tho Hellenes, it will be remem bered, failed to find funds in Western Europe— thev wanted a £4,000,000 loan, ostensibly to save the' ccmrtfy, but, probably, to shunt the Turks — and as the money-lenders of the Occi dent merely smiled, there was nothing for poor Hellas but to fall back on its dead— to sell its skulls for drachmas. Ever since the failure tor raise the wind in th9 West, the descendants of Marathon have tried to raise it from above or below their own soil — generally below. This ex plains why, during the last year or two, more urns, spearheads, Aphrodites, Zeuses, charms, tombstones, shields, bucklers, and bones have been brought to the surface than during the preceding century. It is pretty widely whispered that some American speculators are 'in the swim,' and that many recently- discovered crania found at Thermopylae were first consigned to their long home in the Chinese cemetery at San Francisco. At all events it is not so long since a dubious-looking Yankee craft was observed stealing stealthily east through the Straits of Gibraltar and smelling as if its cargo was the bones of all seutient creatures that died since the Deluge. A Tartar skull, found deep down under the Acropolis, would be the hardest ' nut ' the savants have had to crack for many a day. Thinkhow mildly they'd commence the controversy regarding the bona- fides of its former owner — his name and station, age and -race — as in the case of Belzoni's mummy, immortalised by Horace Smith. And how the arguments would become more spirited till, in the Jlevue des deux Monies, a foreign moonshee called the last English writer in tho Nineteenth Century a person that should confine himself to thistles instead of showing his ears through an ill-fitting mantle of archaeology. Then the combatants would approaoh each other closer than through tiie fortnightly or monthly magazines — would grapple in the daily press and gouge each other with polysyllables. It is to Professor Vir chow, of Berlin, that the Sophocles case has been referred. He is not alone a scholar, but an anato mist and palaeontologist. His verdict will natu rally go far to settle the questian. It should never be 'forgotten, however, that nothing is bo misleading as heads. Sometimes they cheat others, and Eometimea they cheat them selves. When Swift's skull was examined many years after his - death it was declared by a connoisseur to be that of a con genital idiot. Yet it was there that ' Gulliver ' and the ' Tale of a Tub ' were hatched. Southey or Coleridge once sat. next a magnificent head at a party, and was lost in admiration with it till the possessor, observing an attendant enter with some dumplings, bawled, ' Them's the jockeys forme.' Should the skull sent from Athens to Berlin be found exceptionally small, with a sloping forehead, a pyramid poll, and an absence of adequate space for either moral or intellectual qualities, the chances are that Antigone sprang from it when the world was fresh and. young. 