CHRISTIANITY AS PREACHED AND PRACTISED. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, HUXLEY'S GHOST. Sir—On Monday I was much interested by the three column" of church intelligence which you published all about Protestanc sermons. I notice that as a rule the Roman clergy are too wu=e to print tneir sermons, in the pulpit they cannot be answeied. Any nonsense there is comparatively unnoticed. Bus when sermons are re-hashed up cold for public diges tion can they be criticised or can they not ? If they can I should like a word. The Rev. J. Berry says, *• The man who breathed God's air and ate His food and ignored Him, or even contented himself with a for mal service, wn worse than an ass or a hog." 1 indignantly repel this gross calumny. Hundreds of better men than Mr. Berry never go to service at all, and are no more asses or hogs than he is himself. Then he makes a comparison between a man who lends us an umbrella and God wbo had been doing us good always. I deny this latter assertion in the meaning suggested. Then he introduces the devil, and says, "Could God ask less than Satan V which is nonsense. Then be says, " The world might not like Christians who were nut and out, but they respected no others." This is utterly untrue. Scores of men are vary highly respected who are not Christians, much mere eo than many who are. Indeed, whenever I do business with a man who is taid to be an out - and - out Christian I invariably button up my pockets and keep my eyes open more eharply than usual. lam free to confess, however, that i am often bested notwithstanding. What of the Jews? Are none of them respected 1 For myself I respect the worst of them as much as I respect the best of ** tbe out-and-out Chris tians." Then be says, "Itis a shame that people shGuld expect or need to be terrified or coaxed into tbe Christian life." I say what fools tc be terrified or coaxed. Although there is still a great deal of superstition left in the world. _ I think these rev. gentlemen are losing a good deal of their power of terrifying. And what sort of a life is that which needs that people should be coaxed or terrified into it 2 Educa tion is getting rid of that sort of thing. Even the native blacks begin to lose dread of their medicine man, the native "reverend," and uoarobo .jumbo—the native " deviL" The Be. v. J. D. Thompson advocates lynch law, which comes, he says, of the burning passion for juj-cice. I should say it is often the devilish passion for revenge. He then pats tbe Covenanters on the backs, and fays a good word for Oliver Cromwell and the Revolution of 1088, but has a fling at the Uleterices for their thread of civil war, which be says cannot be justified "for ample legal means now existed fcr the assertion of opinion." This is childish. Firstly, that there are means for the assertion of an opinion is no reason why oppression should not be resisted; secondly, if lynch law b9 justifiable there is no reason why the Ulsterites should not enjoy it as well as Mr. Thompson's friends; thirdly, the Ulsterites say that they are in the same posi tion as those who led the revolution of 16SS ; fourthly, who made Mr. Thompson judge? sixteenthly and lastly, where was the Divine element in Cromwell's dissolution of the Home ParliamentV Tbe rev. gentlemen says —"You could not get perfect laws out of imperfect men," to which I add. nor perfect eermons! Then comes the Rev. and Hon. F. W. Holder. By the way, £ thought ministers of religion wera't allowed in Parliament. When 1 came to Idm I understood how it was that Sir John Downer was turned out by a back stairs intrigue without a word and without notice. It was by the Divine lynch law of the Bev. Mr. Thompson, in the spirit of the out-and-out Christian of the Rev. Mr. B6rry, practised by the Rev. and Hon. Mr. Holder. I have have often heard it regretted that the practice of these reverends falls so short of their preaching. The Rev. and Hon. Mr. Holder is a brilliant example to the contrary. He drew attention to "the difference between Divine laws, the violation of which was ein and human laws ; the latter became often obsolete." Hence it was com mendable for "an out-and-out Christian" to ignore the human law of fair play and common justice in order to turn out the Ministry. The rev. and hon. preacher said that "the tree love of God stimulated and elevated the best in man," which leads me to ask if we are to understand that it is the true love of God which stimulated him to this turning-out operation ? And is that neat little episode an illustration of "the best in man?" Then, " The law laid hold upon that which was pleasant to the lower nature, but which was deadly to the soul." This leads one to lament the iearful state of the soul of the boa. and rev. gentleman, unless indeed his lower nature be not pleased by his burglary of the Treasury benches. Which is it "r If the burglary were pleasant to his lower nature, then his soul is in deadly peril; if his soul found grace by that operation, then the burglary must be painful to his lowe,r nature. A very awkward dilemma 1 When in his sermon he dwelt so unctuously upon the comroaud, "Thou fchalt not covet," did never a temptation cross his tniud to touch upca the naughtiness of hypocrisy ? Or when he schemed to jump the Treasury benches did never a. thought cross bis mind as to the command " Thou ehalt not covet?1' Or did he deliberately burgle those benches upon the logic of his sermon, "Thou shall not covet prohibited an act which eo long as it was merely covetousnaes injured only the covetou? man," and so justify himself by a be lief that he wts iniuring only himself in order 