. KILL- JOT TRADE. No man has done more perhaps to glorify tho trade of England than lluDYAUD Kipling. In his verse the flag of our commerce beacons in every ocean and in every continent. Hound either cape and about cither pole First of. the staggering equiulrotis . Tho British flag sweeps by. And 'tis well that this large view is taken of tho trade of tlie land. Little England must needs trade or alio could npt in any sense be great. But what is trade unless it conduces to comfort, to happiness, to an increase of the joy of life ? What is it to the ordinary Englishman to know that his flag is in every sea when he knows also that his own ultimate destiny is Over tho hill to the workhouse ? Tho trade which has enlarged his nation has sadly curtailed himself, and the tendency of unrestricted trado in this way we propose to show. Trade, say the absolute free-traders, should be unrestricted. There should be no bar to tho interchange, of any commodities. The human kind, just as the beast kind, must submit to the law of competition. No "unbusiness like " conditions must attach to the ownership of any commodities ; it must be shop all through. And tho shop notion 1ms takon on in the Eng lish mind nnd mado England what she is. There was a mcrrio England once, there were tho "spacious times" of great Elizabeth, there were cen turies which brought forth a Merrick to voico the joyaunce of tho people. What is there now ? Is there any poet in England with the ghost of a singing voice, or with any power that is not" used in protest or appeal? Ar-c not feast and festival dead 1 , Could we find a maypole or a morris dance in any county 1 Free-trade and the dismal science which fathers and fosters it, does not see tho necessity of these things. Yet those, who made the England of his tory had a very strong and clear idea of their value. "My merry men" was a watchword with all groat leaders, as my workmen has been with all the dismal science chiefs who have wrought -'so -disastrously for England and humanity through the last half- oentury. The same notion of trade, of driving the hardest possible bargain, of recognising no privileges, no re strictions "in a deal," has worked mischief enough in Australia. The farmer bargaining with his man knows nothing of necessary playtime, of Christmas or Easter, of Whitsun, or saturnalia in nny sort. Ho buys his man and he wants him every ounce, and the mat), conscious that he is bought in that way, makes his ounces us small as may be, and becomes con- temptiblo thereby, as we know him in all the districts of all tho colonies. But he has a (lteans of escape. The cities of Australia have hitherto been veritable cities of refuge for tho laborers of tho bush, and they have escaped into them whenever sanity prevailed and opportunity oc curred. Tlie time comes, and indeed is here, when all that opportunity is gone. Our cities are congested now, our "bush" languishes, but still our ; condition is bitppy by comparison with that of free-trade England. It is indeed difficult in all history to find a precedent for that unhappy land. The competition, which is the free-trade idea, lias been worked right through, and the result is chaos. Labor and capital are at each other's throats from Land's End to John o' Groats. All tho kindly old feeling which existed between master and man is lost. The dismal science, the trade, the shop, the buy and sell notion, has destroyed all that. The natural wants of man " were not in the bond " of the free traders. Labor was a commodity to be bought and sold, and that man who did not drive the hardest possible bargain was false to the principles of political economy. And so tlie condition which now presents itsolf in the old-time merrie England has been arrived at-. Her agricultural laborei-3 are hungry from their cradle to their . grave, her farmers generally are paupers, her lands for decades past have been passing into the hands i of traders whose only mission on them is to make profit. And the wail of her torment is. iemdest amongst 'all '-the voices of the earth. It is truly a happy culmination,' a condition of affairs to bring forth- a leader who, like old Morgan of Panama, will face plain facts...- 1 ' Oltl Morgan flung down on tho board his sword " And spake with his stormiest shout : Hell and the devil ! and this be revel, . Let's up and arm and out. 'Tis a dash of that old Morgan spirit (always to be deplored) which moves miners in Wales and Staffordshire to face the military, and endeavor to take by force those necessaries oflife of which tlfo unrestricted traders have deprived them. They see the land before theiu, they know its resource, they recognise that there is abundance in it to pro vide for all. their wants and desires, but because Austria, or Belgium, or China may be chpaper they must put aside the merrie England mood, and bind on themselves - the chains of the serfs of the world. So says the dismal science, which cannot err. There must be an unrestricted inter change of all commodities, which means that the cheapest and most slavishly-disposed man of the world must be the standard,, and all the work of emancipation which philan- tropic fighting competition has wrought shall be in vain. That sunrise in England is surely at hand when facts like these shall be revealed, when men will begin to seriously consider the question, where is the joy of our life gone? Where are tlie hochzeits, wassails, wakes, our forefathers knew ? Where are the kindly bonds which knit class to class ? Where the good old feudal sentiment which bound obligation to land ownership, and made every squire and lord a father of his people in the truest sense? Gone, and for what? The gospel . according to Cobden, which lias multiplied millions, built up great cities, and a people a fifth of whom are beggars, and through whose lips one natural, hearty laugh is never heard. 