SPORTING NEWS. |BY TELEGRAPH |. THE NEWMARKET HANDICAP. DESCRIPTION OF THE RACE. [FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] The betting was 100 to 9 agst Warpaint, 100 to 8 agst Beverley, 100 to 7 agst Bungebah, Hero, All There, Malolo and Linbuin, 100 to 6 agst Gaillardia and Emblem, 100 to 5 agst Fortunatus, Wild Rose, Illian and Lord Hopetoun, 100 to 4 agst Miss Albans, The Swell, Harbor Light, Ravenswing and Silverstream, 100 to 3 agst Sainfoiq, Berrigan, Veno, Omaha and Antasus, 100 to 2 agst Templestowe. When the flag fell Bungebah on the rails was first away, followed closely by Beverley Harbor Light, Fortunatus and All There, whilst Gaillairdia got off badly and Emblem When . was turned round the other way. faiily in their stride, Bungebah showed in advance of Hero, after whom come Sainfoin, Berrigan, Ravenswing, and Beverley, all of a cluster, whilst on the other side of the course Templestowe headed Chatham. Approaching the course proper Bungebah was just in advance of Beverley on whose heels came the main battalion, foremost amongst whom the colors of Ravenswing, Lord Hopetoun, Omaha, Harbor Light, Hero and Wild Rose were most prominent, the last named going specially well. Coming up under the rails Hero and Wild Rose made a forward movement, Hero swerving across f and carrying last year's winner on to Bungebah and nearly bringing her down on her knees and effectually ruining her chance as she was driven right back. A furlong and a half from home Fortunatus'; disposed Beverley of the lead, and as Bungebah fell back beaten, Fortunatus looked to have tne race at his mercy until suddenly Malolo was discerned sweeping over from the other side of the course and making a bold dash at the leader. Loud shouts proclaimed his certain victory. Bold as his bid was, however, he failed to sustain the effort long enough. Hayes rode for bare life on Fortunatus, who struggled with the greatest gameness under (heavy imposts and secured a splendid victory by a length, Hero finishing third two lengths behind Malolo. Then came in order Lord Hopetoun, Beverley, Berrigan, Antaeus, Templestowe, All There and Chatham. The time was exceedingly fast under the circumstances, viz., N lmin. 15£secs. Fortunatus is the property of Mr. George Coulson at one time leader of the Age reporting staff, but now a farmer and grazier iD Gippsland, residents of which district were on the colt 'to a man. The stable threw in for good stakes, the commission being got on at 100 to 3 and 100 to 4, but they did not consider they had a ghost of a show when the rain fell. Hayes, the jockey, however, thought differently and won heavily. The drawer of Fortunatus in Tattersall's Sweep laid Coulson £5000 to nothing. Camoola's inglorious display in the St. Leger has driven him right back in the Australian Cup betting, for which The Admiral is favorite at 4 to 1, Sternchaser and Culloden coming next at 5 to 1 followed by Malvolio at 7 to 1, Portsea and Newman at 8 to 1, whilst 10 to 1 is freely offered against either Ducrow or Camoola. The betting is very dull through there being a great amount of uncertainty as to whether Sam Cook will start The Admiral or not. MELBOURNE, Tuesday, Speculation was brisk in the betting rooms last night. The following were the closing Cup quotations : 4 to 1 agst Culloden, 5 to 1 agst Newman, 6 to 1 agst Portsea, 8 to 1 agst Camoola and Sternchaser, 10 to 1 agst The Admiral, 14 to I agst Chatham, 16 to 1 agst Hopetoun and Gaillardia, 20 to 1 agst Josephine and Warpaint. Malvolio has wrenched his leg and has been scratched for all engagements. There is much uncertainty about The Admiral starting for the Cup. Glenloth is all right (again. The swelling which caused his withdrawal from all events was occasioned through his being poisoned by a stingaree whilst swimming. Portsea is sure to run a great horse to-day, the weather and course being perfect. LATER. The weather is showery, but the attendance is fair. Results : MAIDEN STAKES. Jonathan (Power) 1 Vendetta (Huxley) 2 Dundee (Sanders) 3 The other starters were Salutation and Compact. Betting—5 to 4 on Jonathan, 4 to 1 agst. Salutation, 5 to 1 agst. Compact, 6 to 1 agst. Yendetta and Dundee. Won in a canter by 6 lengths, three lengths between second and third. Time, 2min. 12secs. SIRES' PRODUCE STAKE. Patron (Hayes) ... 1 Madras (Huxley) 2 Zeph (Moore) 3 Others—Light Artillery (141bs. penalty) and the Dauphin. Betting—5 to 4 agst. Zeph, 3 to 1 agst. Madras, 5 to 1 agst. Patron Won cleverly by a length and a half. Time, lmin. 20^secs. HURDLE RACE. Victim, 9st 81b (Edge) 1 Escort, lOst 13lb ...(Underwood) 2 Indolence, 9st 31b ... (Tibley) 3 Ten starters. 10 to 1 agst. Victim. Won easily by twelve lengths. Time, 5min. and £sec. AUSTRALIAN CUP. PORTSEA (Hayes) 1 STERNCHASER (Cusdin) 2 CULLODEN (White) ... ... 3 Twelve started. Betting : 3 to 1 agst Newman, 5 to 1 agst Portsea, 6 to 1 agst Culloden and The Admiral, 10 to 1 agst Camoola and Sternchaser, Won after a desperate struggle by half a length, six lengths dividing second and third, Camoola was fourth. Time 4 min 3£ sees. JUNIOR HANDICAP. Moth, 7st. 71b. (James) 1 Fortunate, 7st 81b (Dawes) ... 2 Taupo, 7st 51b (Hickey) ... ... 3 Fourteen started. Betting : 5 to 1 agst Vestatia, 8 to 1 agst Moth. Won cleverly by three-quarters of a length. Time lmin 4| sees. - BOURKE HANDICAP. Beverley 8st 21bs (Cusdin) ... 1 Autonomj, 9st (Huxley) ... 2 Linburn 8st 101b (McGowan) ... 3 Six started. Betting : 6 to 1 agst Beverley Won jby three-quarters of a length, a head between second and third. Time lmin 29 sees. At the yearling sales yesterday Mr. Macrae of Western Australia purchased a colt by Dunlop- Sunbeam for 30 guineas and Mr. Sholl a filly by Aldivalloch-Fidalma for 17i guineas. B c 