BROOKLYN ENTERTAINERS The above company gave another of their concerts on Monday last, at the Alfred Hall, Junction, St. Kilda, but owing to the un propilious weather, the attendance was not as great as expected. The hall however, was comfortably tilled. The programme, which was an excellent one, consisted of trie umal variety items, and opening with an overture by the company, but the way it was sung showed that the members i-till lequire more combined nractice. Mr. R. Boyd sane ' Marguerite,' aud bad (o respond to an encore, while Mr. Fred. Cochran was very successful in his son?. Mr. H. i»niith sang very well, considering he was handicapped with a cold. Dave White sang ' Hour 'Dem Bells.' Mr. W. Brittain, Master E. Brown aiid Mr. W.Hume .ileo contributed sentimental songe, each receiving an encore, whilst Monty Billon and Dick Mann san°r comic songs which pleased their hearer?. The first part concluded with a piece, ' Dr. Calfer.' which is one of the company's old p'eces under a new name. A ^'reat improvement lias been marie in securing Mr. Townsend's Feivicesat the piano, and Mr. P. Bluett as interlocutor, ? spoke flueiiMy, which is more than can lie said of previous holders of that chair. The new stage management is open to much improvement, as in the finale there was no one at the curtain at i he piojier time, thus showing lack of attention lo duties. The second pajt opened with an overture played very spiritedly by Mr. Townsend. A sketch, 'Ghosts,' «as also ^nni- thr-ueh by R. Bo.id, Dick Mnnn and Monty Hilton, Mr. JT. Bluett gave n clog dance, which had to be repeated. Frei Cochran sang '? I put my 'Fluence on 'em ' nnd at an wore did a quick change, coroi- g out as a full blown coster pearlies a« well, sinaing ;'The Cotter's Serenade.' He would improve if be pro nounced hie words better, and sung louder, as he sings as if afraid to let the audience bear him otherwise be is a good artist, Mr R. Boyd sing a descriptive --ong and Mr. Harry Glas'er saujf ' I did laugh ' in a very pleasing manner. MrC YlcTtno-h also sang. The convert concluded liy a farce writton by two members of the troupe, namely Messrs. J. A. Brittain and Fred Coohrnn. The caBte was ' a good one. Special mention may be marie of Mr, Fred Bl jett's Cap'nin Cannister ami. Mr. J. A' Biittain's Herorlities. Space will not permit a more lengthened notice, suffice it to tay that the show parsed off— excepting die incidents named— very succes fully. .Mr. I). Sculllen aghin proved himself a oapab|e man ' in front of the house.' 