\TG THE A Romance of tlie Aus tralian Bnsli, By Sijipsok Newlaxd. PART I.-OH THE COAST. Chapter XIX.—(Continued). After Roland's departure Enfield had Io3% no time in pushing on to Lake Bonnev, and ou arrival there had at once taken precautions for the safety of his party by erecting a rough palisading of saplings and boughs round the camp. In this they also kept the hor3es, except when out tor the necessary grazing on the flat. Several times the black3 had attempted to approach, but were warned off by a few shot3 being fired to intimidate them. On the last day, however, shortly before the arrival of the relief party, four canoes full of natives came up the lake, while other blacks were seen in the fringe of the mallee scrub. Those in the canoes paddled up to the shallow water and then got out and, sinking themselves below the Burface, en deavored to got near in this way. Their object appeared to be to approach as close as possible under cover and then rush forward on all sides. " We then began firing," said Enfield, as he told the tale over the camp fire that night, " as we momentarily expected a rush, which would probably have resulted in the destruction of us all. Probably some were hit, as there was a. great deal of yelling between the bands on the lake and in the scrub. Suddenly we wore surprised by seeing them run, those in the grass for the forest, while the others took to their canoes. Then we heard tho tramp of your horses and were right glad to see you riding down. Of course we should have knocked over a lot of them before they could have done us much damage, but in the end it might have gone hard with us." Mutual congratulations followed and Grant ley was highly complimented on his splendid ride. He was delighted to find the wounded so much improved. "As for me," said Enfield, "I can mount my horse without the slightest difficulty, a3 I will show you to-morrow, for I presume we start in the early morning." ""Ay," replied the inspector, "it 13 one o£ the axioms cf war to follow up a retreating foe. I expect the sooner we catch him the more of your sheep there will be to recover." Two days' march brought them to the scene of the attack, where the ground was marked with the fresh tracks of sheep. A little further on a large flock was seen some distance off, which gladdened the hearts of the owners. A camp for the night was made, it being well understood that the morrow would bring them face to face with the enemy. "They are not far from the dray," said the officer in command, " as they will hardly have carried all they stores away yet." During the evening sounds were heard plainly indicating that a "corroboree" was going on, no doubt over the Murray, where they would consider themselves quite safe. This was so obviously a defiance that the in spector expected an attack about daylight and due precautions were taken accordingly. Nothing, however, occurred, and preparations were made to hunt up the foe the following morning. As agreed, they first proceeded to the scene of the late skirmish. The dray was there and the two dead bullocks by the pole with their necks still in the bows. Some of the provisions still remained and there were indications that a quantity had been removed a few hours earlier. Ib was quickly decided to follow up the trail. This led in the direction of the river and presently, on the bank of a creek, the party came in full view of a large body of natives advancing towards them. It was evident that they were quite prepared and courted the encounter. With brandished weapons and derisive cries they came resolu tely on in all th9 glory of paint and feathers. "Now, inspector," said Danker coolly, "we arc under your orders; you give the word when we ate to fire, for I presume we must fight." "Eight! what slse are we here for?" was the reply. " Let them come well within rang6 and begin when I tell yon." A number of spears were fluDg, but fell ehort. Disdaining to seek cover, the savage warriors came fearlessly to the attack, leaping, dancing, and clashing their shields and clubs together in bravado and acorn of men they bad learned to despise. Their yells ana derisive shouts showed that they were confident in their numbers and bravery and looked for another easy victory. "Now," cried the inspector, " take good aiis and fire." A sharp report rang out and a number dropped, but the others pressed undauntedly forward. Again a volley was poured in and more of the dark men toppled over. This for a moment cheeked them and it was well it did, as it gave the whites time to reload. On they came again, however, hurling their spears, boomerangs, and waddies with inconceivable rapidity and hitting. many of the horses, which now began to give tiouble by their rest lessness. A steady volley thinned their ranks once more and they broke and fell back among a few bushes in their tear. Here a brief council was held, a fierce old warrior evidently urging them to advance. He prevailed, and at their head, covering his body with his shield, the old hero led them on. Had he rushed to close quarters the oharge might have been fatal to the white men, but the Australian blaoka rarely close in hand-to hand combat. Still they pressed closer and yet closer, the white men now receiving many wounds. The inspector again shouts 'Fire,' and more black forms are stretched on the grass, but the old chief still wildly encourages his followers and advances. A dozen barrels are levelledtat him and at length he sinks to the ground, hurling his last shaft at the foe as he falls. The loss of their leader was decisive and the savage warriors melted away, the Europeans following them up with scattered shots, from which a few more of them fell. When the troopers returned to the battle ground the old chief was still alive. As they approached he raised himself on hi3 elbow and after looking in vain for a weapon, spat, with all the savage contempt of his race, at the victors, then sank back with an abusive epithet on his lips and died. Had his color been white and bad he so fallen at Bannockburn or Hastings, or any other famous fight for fatherland in the old world, his name would ring in the ears of posterity; but being a mere Australian savage who died fighting against our religion and civilisation we can see nothing heroic in that. Perhaps he saw dimly, as many of his people have clearly seen since and as the American Indian has had oocasion to know, that the success of the white man entailed the ruin of the aboriginal race. So he preferred to die defiant and free, rather than to linger on for a few miserable years in degradation and servitude. The manner of his death affected the spec tators differently. The officer who was nearest and received the full benefit of his expectoration exclaimed, with much disgust, "'Damn the filthy old reptile !" " Game to the last!" ejaculated Mr. Banker. Grantley and Enfield said nothing, but there wa3 something of sorrow and admiration in their silence. Corporal. Jones (an old soldier) turned the body over— " Three, four, five bullet wounds all in front and as many in that six inches of shield. Ee got it hot, sir." "Served him right.31 was the general verdict of the rank and file. "I believe he is the same old who drove that there spear into 'Blucher,'" said Bob, the bullock-puncher, as he gave the body a kick. What became of the wounded ? What can become of them in conflicts of this nature? Some who are not utterly disabled may struggle off and ultimately rbjoin their tribe, but others, in a worse condition, are they to be left in excruciating torture, a prey to ants, flie3, and thirst? That which is mercifully done to the dying brute was done here. . . . "Are there any prisoners or wounded of the enemy, corporal, to take with us?" demanded the inspector, in calm official tones. "None, sir." "Then forward !" The party now beat the country for some miles round without finding any natives, and it was obvious they had made off over the river. Many dead sheep were seen, and a con siderable quantity of stores was recovered in their abandoned camps. Later on in the day in a large bend of the Murray the greater number of the sheep were found, and so safe did the whites now feel from further molesta tion that they divided into twos and threes so as thoroughly to patrol the country. In the evening when they assembled at the encampment it was discovered that one of the shepherds was missing, a man of solitary habits, known as Tom Tibbs. A search was immediately made and his body was found, fearfully mutilated, near where he had been left by a comrade. Whether the deed was perpetrated by a single survivor of the conflict or a small band of savages bent on revenge there was nothing to show. It was just the deed that might be expected from suoh an enemy, though scarcely so soon after his crush' ing defeat. What could be done bub bury the dead 1 Hit grave bub added another to the many where lie the nameless ones who have fallen by the way all over broad Australia. In consequence of this painful incident a more caretul watoh was kept that night and for several nights afterwards, but the last had been seen of the foe. "We will remain with you to-morrow," said the inspector, " and take a final look round, in case the natives have collected and want another brush. It will give yon a chance o' finding any stray sheep.'1 "Thanks," replied Enfield. "Your pro posal exactly falls in with our wishes. We have nearly made up our numbers and are f« fcrnore fortunate than we dared to anticipate, !^and feel deeply indebted to you and your j troop for a great Bervice rendered in the hour of need." - ■ ! '' Say no more; I should doubtless have had ' the same duty to perform in any case, though ' I am none tne lesB pleased to have proved of use to you. I flatter myBelf that the future drovers will be little troubled by the savages." The next morning a count of the flock was made through " a break" of boughs with satis factory results. . "More than I expected when looking over " them last night," said Grantley. " I would have accepted a bigger loss when we cut and ran the other day." "A score or two of d d juhibucj;s don't . matter much," growled the bullook- driver; "it's poor Blucher and Duke I'm thinking about—the best pair of polers on this side." " Never mind, Bob, you won't have much of a load," said Roland. "Thatain't it; its them bullooks bein'killed like that and me leavin' them to it. What chance had they, tell me that 1" "Not the ghost of a chance, nor would you if you had stopped to take them out." " All the same it was a cowardly, mean action to unhitch the leaders' chain and not wait'to pull out the pole-pin. I'd have done it 'only the d d fool, Blucher, wouldn't back."' j "Then it served Blucher right," said Roland, ".to be left to his fate." "How could he," snarled Bob savagely, " when a bloody blackfellow was jobbing a big spear into him behind '' I dare say poor Blucher found it difficult, Robert; but don't trouble about it; you did right well to save the others." I Somewhat mollified Bob the Puncher de- ■ parted to his work, muttering— j "I took it out of them niggers to-day ] anyhow; every shot I fired said, this is for i Dake and Blucher." I From the above remarks it will be seen that I the bullock-driver was a profane person; yet he' meant nothing by it, nor was he unkind, much less inhuman, at bottom. The animals of bis team he certainly would "wallop" and sometimes almost fiay alive when exasperated by their dis obedience or dereliction from duty; but let anyone else, even his master, try to strike them and Bob resented it like a blow at himself. (To it continued. J 