Ladies Losing WIetchees. t Going into some of the large stores is town one may notice that many of the Young women behind the counters who are io fortunate as to possess watches have the rings at the stemsof theirtime-piccesdrawn through holes in their jerseys and fastened down securely by a button, so that a watch could not be removed withoutquite an effort, and certainly not without its wearer know. ing about it. This is a scheme of wearing a watchthat has goneinto fashion in the stores, and it has a substantial and sensible basis. Recently a great many watches hare been stolen or lost, and in the lost and found coluninsa a larger number than usual have been reported.. From the small number re ported as found compared withithe large number reported as lost, it is apparent that either the honesty of the people who have been.. lipding watches on the curbstones lately is ate a very low standard, or else the watches were really not lost in the sense in= tended by the advertisers, butstolen. Is has been quite fashionable for ladies, especially for those engaged in the stores, to wear their watches in their-bosoms, with fob chains hanging out of the button-holes of their jerseys. In most of the cases where watches have been lost, the wearers haildgrown careless, and to save time'adil have the time-pieces as' available as men have theiris, they had just tucked them in between their corset corers and the cursets, insterid of.inside the corsets as most ladies, it is believed, do. Thus worn, they were an invitation to a pickpocket, and in the crowds on-the trams and ferries, just alter the clsing hours of the stores, it was an easy matter for an expert. thief to make a " haul." A lady had the mishortuiie to find a witch on one of thle streets iri Sydney the other day, and she adveitised'it-in the 1rfald. The applicants who called right away after the appearance of tue advertisement were so numerous that it was a person's work to attend the door. The lady was surprised that so many people could have lost watches. The police will say that there are no thieves in the city-they always do-but the young ladies on town know better. triticism as is Cribicism.-Col. "Pat' Donan doesn't like theoplayof "Hamlet" Hear the eloquent adjectiveslinger: "'I have no patience, much less sympathy, with a wretched weakling who goes around jabber ing at di!apitated old ghosts in tin belmets and greten auze veils, under bogus moonlight; Severlastiglytbrgatening todosomething,and niercr4oicn it; driving his sweetheart to lu. ntcy and a catfishl death, by his dime-museum freak's; making stunmp speeches to skulls and grare-diggers; going intoi all sorts of he hys. teries; and at last, running a section of bar. bed wire fiets,- in the most approved Cities. go pig-sticking stlOe, trbrugh hlis deadi girls brother, an-I dyitn huims if, to so'.w lidiidle. music, nmil a reneral c trnaie of lunatics and wrrck of abaurlities, 