THE MERCURY. HOBART: FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1893. EPITOME OF NEWS. The Secretary of Mines goes to Zeehan. List of letters patent granted published to-day. Annual Conference of Municipal Councils held at Hobart yesterday. Congregational Union General Council Session concluded yesterday. Long list of bankruptcies and liquidations published to-day. Rev. J. J. Collior (Don) was yesterday elected chairman of the Congregational Union of Tasmania for 1894-5. H.M.S. Orlando Variety Co. entertainment in aid of the Queensland Relief Fund, Tem- perance Hall, to-night. Evidence taken at the inquest, on tho charge of arson against S. H. Gruebor, jun., appears in this issue. > > Launceston has sent £400 to the Queens- land Flood Fund, and moro money is coming "n. Old Temperance Hotel and Rifle Hall at Penguin burnt yesterday morning, adjacent buidings narrowly escaping destruction. Silver quotation still slowly declining, L I The Queen opens the Imperial Institute on the 10th May. The s.S. Ruahine has left the Caps for New Zealand. Brig Hebe ashore at Newcastle and break- ing np. Second trial of Panama Canal directors has commenced in Paris. Broken Hill Proprietary shares down to £3 in London. Lord Randolph Churchill finding favour for his adhesion to the Unionist party. Reichstag has rejected proposal to increase tha Gorman navy. Earthquake in New York. Much fright, but little damage. President: Cleveland objects to re-appoint- ment of present Democratic office- holders. China stoutly resists Russian claims to Pamir territory. Threatened strike among journeymen bakers in Adelaide unlikely to tako place. ? Heavy ifloods in New South Wales. New- castle experiencing a small Brisbane disaster. Three thousand women of Derry havo held a meeting, and protested against Home Rule. . Fitzslmmons has won the fight with Hall for £3,000, knocking him out in the fourth round.. < , V.R.C. Champion Stakes won by syndi- cate-owned Camoola, with Cullodon second, and Portsea third. , ' AL 0. de Lesseps ranking a' oleati breast of all he knows concerning the Panama Canal scandal. . Home Rulers and Anti-Home Rulers pre- paring for hot contest in the House of Commons. I Brisk competition preparing in the New Zealand steamboat trade owing to advent of the Turnbull-Martin line. Commandant for New South Wales De- fence Forces leaves England in the S.B. Parramatta. ., i -Ten million pounds worth of American 4 per cent, gold bonds now in tho London markets. William Brown, master of fishing bout Irene, waa drowned r yesterday in Macdonald Bay, South Australia. Verdict of guilty passed on the Makin baby murdor case at Sydney, with recommendation 'of mercy towards the female prisoner. Tho West Australian amateur bushranger recently let off with a caution has now been arrested for > collecting Queensland Reliof Fund subscriptions on a bogus authority. LONDON Punch has depicted England as an unfortunate young wowan who has been sucked into the maelstrom, and is rapidly descending into the horrible abyss of water. , Certain quotations are made from A1. E, POE'S account of this terrible .whirl- pool, from which, however, his! hero contrived to escape,' having .been thrown up to the surface'again With the turn of the tide. From this we may gather,that the cartoon is meant to convey that it is just possible that England may escape from the compli- cated trouble into which she has fallen) andr down which she seems ta be rapidly"descending to an'up-j (known depth,' where she' may perish miserably, should the; tide t not' turn in time. We in the colonies, who 'desire the guidance and the example of the Mother Country, though she' has of late given us very little of either, can only look on and ' wonder' where it is all to end. To us, of course, as to the peoples of other countries, the main defect of the posi- tion seems to be, that there is no pro- vision in the British Constitution for dealing in a direct fashion with ' con- stitutional amendments, which, com- mon-sense and the mögt ordinaiy piudence tell us, should be kept entirely separate from all, other ques- tions. It is evident at a glance 1 'i that people may be agreed on I constitutional changes who may be agreed on nought else, so that they should be allowed to act together in regard to the one, thing on which, they are of the same mind. But, con- stitutional action, or rather political action, has developed in such a way in England that the House of Com- mons lias como to be regarded as the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last of all political changes. This fallacy, for a fallacy it is, and has long been seen to be such by observers, was diligently propagated by the late Mr. BAGEHOT, who used to insist that there was but one political power in England, that being, of course, the House of Com- mons. To a certain extent, no doubt, that view was correct, and it was, in fact, adopted at once by tho super; ficial politicians, who could not sea "that the absolute and un I questioned supremacy of the House of Commons depended on the circumstances of the case. Lord SHERBROOKE saw this clearly enough, and expounded it in most eloquent language, in the course of the famous speeches which he made in the House of Commons against the Electoral Bills. Others, both writers and (speakers, have seen it too, just as many are able to discover that the prerogative is not dead, as the glib ones say, but only dormant, aud can and will be revived should a dire emergency arise. Even Mr. JUSTIN MCCARTHY, loosely as he writes on some points, is able to see this, and has stated his view at some length in his history of our own times. It follows, then, that the absolute power of the Commons, which is claimed to be unquestionable, can and will be questioned, should it seek to make grave constitutional changes with- out having the great majority of the nation at its back. We have heard something about " smashing " all who are opposed to Home Rule, something about swampr ing the House of Lords with sweeps, and other light and pleasant per- formances in which these moderate reformers indulge themselves. But, the questions how is it to be done and who is going to do it ? remain to be answered, and it; is to these that the bold assertora should address them- selves, before they venture to boast so loudly. The position is a most diffi- cult and unfortunate one, but it is one which will not be made any more pleasant or easy by wild assertions, and the silly boasting of those who fail to grasp the critical nature of the crisis which has arisen. Now, it will be found, we venture to predict, that the power of the House of Lords, like the power of the Legislative Council in Victoria, will be fout.d to depend on the support which it may receive from the [people, and copoHally from the great middle class, which is really the ruling class in England, as well as in these colonies. The answer made to those who claimed that the Council in Victoria was bound to yield to the majority in the As- sembly was, that the Council repre- sented the minority of the electors who were opposed to wild constitu- tional changes. "This proved to be the fact, and the power of that body of people was in the end found to be superior to the power of the so-called Liberals of the day. In the end the Council was victorious, though at one time its case seemed hopeless. In the same way, it is possible to conceive that the House of Lords may be found to have so many friends at its back, should it resist a Home Rule Bill, that it may veuture to do things again which it has not done for many years. The situation will not bB unlike that in Victoria at one time. There may be a large and compact minority in the House of Commons, whose desiie eau only find adequate expression through the House of Lords, und the Lords themselves may feel that they are representative of the nation. In that case they may insist that further time shall be given for consideration, that a direct vote shall be taken on Home Rule, and they will have such support as will warrant what they do. It is easy to talk about swamping the Lords with sweeps or anybody else, but the process of creating peers is a very difficult one,and one, moreover, against which the House of Commons itself has pro- tested. Before such a thing can be attempted there will have to be a re- volution. And, speaking of revolution, we are reminded that a competent observer has declaied that there is one rapidly going on. The old institutions are passing away, but no one is, so far, quite clear as to what is to take its place. It is agreed, apparently, now that the House of Commons has become the representative of numbers, and is to be made as much' so as any other Legislative body in exist- ence, that some check in the shape of a second Chamber will be required,which must be powerful enough to stem the tide for a time of popular delusion. This seems to be the conclusion reached by all politicians, even by men like the late JOHN BRIGHT, and even that rather superficial politician Sir CHARLES DILKE, only they seem te thiuk that such a House cannot be created in England. Whether it can or not is, of course, a matter for ex- periment, and no experiment in that direction can possibly be made with- out much talk of revolution, and, pro- bably, some violence and bloodshed. This ia one of the kind of revolutions that are not made with rose-water. But, .we may hold it to be probable that the people of England, hitherto remarkable for their political good sense, will not be altogether fools when they have to reform their institutions to adapt them to the times and circum- { stances injwhich they live. Mr. BRYCE1 has said :-" The belated British poli- ticians think that the House of Lords is too strong, whereas it is too weak," a fact which is generally overlooked. Now, it is quite possible that this' Home Rule agitation may result ini such a development of the House of Lords as will make it the strong Chamber required to hold a popular Chamber in check, and if so, then the trouble, the violence and the ill-feeling which may arise will sei ve at least one very important purpose. PKESUMAIIIA- as a in- re variation in , utile Piirliamontaiy proceiiliujs, and with no ap- parent intention of prosbing the- point'co on issue, one of the New South Walu legisla tora last wet* moved that the House of Assembly should go into committee to con- sider the expediency of bringing in a bill to amend the law regulating liquor traflio so as to restrict licensees to the use of ono bar only In each' hotel, and to " provide for the abolition of female labour therein ;" the latter I recondite phi ase being explained to rsfer to I barmaids. This was instantly opposed as an insnlt to a class o( individuals who try to earn au honett livelihood ; in fact, at an insult to the respectable women of the city. Much moro was said willoh was but a repetitlönof worn out arguments on the same subjcot, and merely served to carry on discussion until the time for dis- posal of private business of tho day having expired tho matter was dropped, and Is unlikely to be taken up again during the present session. The proposal, as a matter of course, has served as a peg for some newspaper discussion, not so muoh on the question of " one hotel, one bar," as on the barmaid aspect, a theme which always ' gives opportunity for the ventilation of cheap morality. Our Sydney journal, the Echo, however, avoids any assumption of hypercritical ideas on the «ubjoot, and puts the matter thus. If barmaids could be done without Jt would be bettor, perhaps, for themselves, and better, no doubt, for tho ninnies who dangle after them, but why do not those who would ruthlessly deprive many an industrious and well oonduoted girl of a means of honest livelihood mike some effort to find other doors to employment before shutting them out of the bars? Women, influential women, are, as a rule, the chief assailants of the barmaids, and yet they do not use their influence towards the throwing opon of more avenues of employment for their less fortunate sisters. " We bear enough," sayB the Echo, "of «oreamiog for the franchise and women's rights, and all that sort of thing, but if the ladies who aim at forcing the barrier« of publio life would «et them «elvc« to break down the barrier« in private life that keep girl« from having an equal .hare in the positions of emolument and use- fulness that are monopolised by the stronger sox, they would lead us to think that they are reallyaotuatedbyjuatandhumanesentiments. When they form themselves into a League determined that in Government situations, in .pabilo and private means of employment, * the girls shall have their full share-a half, in fact-of all that is going, then the ladies and ladles' men can go on legitimately for shutting girl« out of bars." This Is sound argument, and hit« a troublesome nail fairly on the head, but is not likely to be of much | praotical effect. It ia a« true to-day, in I more senses than one, us when Shakespeare first penned the line A woman movod is Uko a fountain troubled, Which being interpreted means that women mar more than they make unless they avail themselves of men'« advioe, the which they prefer to loftily eschew. WE do not know but that Sir Henry Parkes iu some recent speeches has hit on what may be called the important point in colonial politics, at lesst as tbey have developed of late years. He is helping to carry on what the Sydney:papers call "The Dissolution Campaign,'''that is, be and other members are agitating to compol the Ministry to dissolve Parliament, because it cannot be said to have the confidence of the electors. Sir Henry declared, somewhat after the fashion of the Sydney Telegraph, against which Ministers have actions for libel, that the Ministry oin only keep its m ijority together " by corruption and promises of benefits for different districts." The latter method of keeping a majority together is not unknown in other places besides Now South Wales let us say Tasmania, fot example-but the downright charge of corruption is a serious one, which Ministors can take up if their inclinations that way tend. The point of Sir Henry's «peech to which we now speci- ally refer, was that the eleotors should, above all things, ch ose men of oharacter. He deo'arcd that he waa a staunch free- trader, but he would sooner see a pro- tectionist of good charaoter and ability eleotod than a freetrader who would be a mere delegate, and pander to all the follies of his constituent«. This to many persons will appear a startling, oven a preposterous, doctnne,but themoro experienced in political ways will see a great deal in it, after all. For, experience goes to show that what is mainly wanted in our politioal life is earnest, conscientious endeavour. Nearly all the troubles of these colonies, nearly all the troubles in our other democratic countries, arise from the corruption of public-life When we say corruption, we do not mean so much actual bribery, as the pandering to cr ¡CB and opinions, which those who pander do not in the least believe io, but whioh thoy appear to accept because that is the way in which popularity can he won. We Bee this in the manner in which expenditure has gone on in uearly all the colonies, not to speak of other things, which have helped to bring about a fair break-down of our system for the time being. Working-men, as a rule, caro little fur character, but only for the opinions which their flatterers express, with tho result, constantly repeated, that they choose men who lead them from failure to failure, and cause them immense ICBS and Buffering. LIQUID air is the latest novelty which that wonderful science chemistry has produced for the astonishment of mankind. Liquid air means, of course, that the gases of which it is composed can be reduced to a liquid state, and, of course, that they can be so reduced separately. At a recent lecture at the Royal Institution Professor Dewar showed his i audience oxygen in a liquid state, not in j minuto quantities as it has been produced hitherto, but by the pint, and he dealt with it juBt as if ho was dealing with war., How such a feat was accomplished may well be a matter for wonder, seeing that oxygon, like other gases, bolls intensely at any or! dinary temperature, and cannot be made liquid eveu by a temperature which' turns mercury into a solid metal, lu fact, oxygen boils at a temperature oi 182deg. below zero? so that at any ordinary | temperature it is in . state of violent ebulli- tion, and human beings live in it and breathe it, and could not 'live without it. One great difficulty hitherto has been to preserve the gas In a liquid state when I it has been made so , by . intense cold and pressure, since it is evident tbst the moment a rise of temperature takes place it will, rapidly escape from the control of the experimentar.' Pro- fessor Dewar has managed^thle by producing round tbe vessel in' whioh the liquid, gas li contained something approachlog to a peri feet vacuum, a feat which bas never been aooomplished before. How this ii done wal do not yet know, for the accounts of the pro- cesa are somewhat vague, but we may say that the vacua produced by the Professor are to be measured by hundred- thousand-! millloneths of an atmosphere, A perfect, vacuum is held to be an impossibility, as air, that is,' oxygen and nitrogen com- mingled, expands just"In proportion a« pressure is removed, but the professor has obtained one which may be said to bo prao tically perfect. Now, he bus discovered; that heat will not traverso such a vacuum. Ile proved this by hanging up in the lecture hall a glass bulb filled with liquid oxygen, which was so j well protected by . a r/voouum 'jacket I that it only evaporated one-fifth even 'in the J heat of that hall. The'lmportSri^ of the'dis-J covery In one way is this. If heat will not lil ' r II traverse e> nearly perfect vacuum, then the heat of the earth cannot be "evaporating gradually into spaoe, as ia generally «up posed. Ibu«, do opinions change as know- ledge grow« from moro to more. The noxfc |work for the chemiif'jfc^o liquify hydrogen, tho lightest of all knowinïMEuputs, Which is supposed to boll violently at a tem; pcraturo far bolow the boiling point of oxygen. _ WE published on Wednesday somo particu- lars of an inquest held nt Now Norfolk on tho body of a child who took a largo tk*o of eucalyptus oil, Instead of the dose proscribed on the bottle. It appears that tho child ?wallowed as much as half nn ounca of tho oil, whereas tho doso -for an adult ¡B five drops. The jury recommended that the word "poison" bo placed upon the bottles of oil, after tho dose, but this seems hardly to bo required, as the oil cannot well he classed amongst poisons. The proper course aeems to be, for parents to bo a little more careful in tho way such medi- cines aro used, so that children muy not be left to dose themselves. Almost any medi- cine might be mado poisonous if taken in such an indiscriminate fashion. THe VISIT OF LAUNCESTON CITY COUN- ClLLORS. -Having come to Hobart to attend the annual Municipal Conference, a number of the Launceston City Councillors decided to pay a visit to the flagship Orlando yester- day morning. The party consisted of Alder- men Gilmore, Panton, Gould, and Forrall, and Mr. C. W. Roohcr, Town Clerk of Launceston, Mr. W. H. Smith, Town Clerk of Hobart, chaperoned tim party. Thoy were shown over the ship 'and hos- pitably entertained by Commander Pike. They were all highly pleased with their reception and with all they saw on board. \Vooi> PAVKMKNIS.-The Ministry had the question of wood pavements for America under discussion in Cabinet on Wednesday, but nothing definite was de- cided on, cx-.'opt that inquiries will bo sot on foot to see what can bo done In the matter. The Idea is not, however, altogether a now one, and the formor attempt to introduce our timbers for the purpose turned out a failure. However, tho Ministry aro in pos- session of tho (list of prices which would have to be con.peted with, and tho timber merchant« of tho oolouy will bo consulted to eeeif anything practical can be done. The impression is that blocks should not be the form chosen, hut squaro logs, of tho re- quired diameter, which could he cut into lengths as desired at the end of tho journoy. FREIGHT ON RABBITS.-A meeting was held at the office of the Minister of Lands yesterday, the object being to obtain, if possible, special freight rates tor rabbits brought by rail to Hobart for preservation in tins for export. Those present were the Hon. W. Hartnoll, Mr. Rack (Manager of Railways), Messrs. Jones and Hunter, re Íiresentiug Messrs. H. Jones and Co. Mr. lunter pointed out that as the factories wen a great mean« of helping to reduce the pelt, and considering that this colony had to compete with Viotoria and Now Zealand in placing the article in the English markot, anything to assist deserved consideration of the Tasmanian Government. Mr. Hunter also stated that tho Victorian Govcrnmcn', finding that the factories helped considerably in roouoing the peat, granted them luff rates, viz, that whore mutton and beef would cost 35s, per ton, rabbits would ouly cost 17s. per tóu for tho sumo distance. Ho said that his firm was prepared to Immedi- ately begin rabbit tinning when the mattor of freight is settled. The firm will pay a uniform price for rabbit) at any railway station, and thus the reason for asking for speo'at freight rates. Nothing definite was arranged at the meeting, but more is likely to be heard on the subject at au early date. LETTERS PATENT.-The Attorney-General has granted letters patent as follows:-F. L. Smith, engineer, Copenhagen, for a new sand cement. G Emerson Armstrong, of Franklin-street, Now York, for improve- ments in apparatus and processes for treat- ing fibrous plants for the purposes of obtaining fibres therefrom, applicable also for treatibg or finishing yarns und fabrics. Ju'ius Mcoller, of Palmer-street, West- minster, for apparatus for manufacture of oil gas. C. A. Huhlstrom or Kills Parr, of Griffin-street, York-road, Lambeth, London', for improvements in nuil connected with the cleansing of wool, hair, silk, cotton, flax and other animal or vige'able fibres or fabrios, the recovery of byu-products, suoh us oil and fat, and of tho whole or part of the ingredients usod in tho process. FIRE BRIGADE ROABD.-A meeting of this Board was held yesterday afternoon. Present-Messrs. C. M. Maxwell, John Roberts, W. Smith, A. Crisp, B. T. Solly, and the secretary (Mr. T. M. Evans). It was announced that Mr. Crisp had been re elected and Mr. Smith elected the repre- sentatives of tho Corporation at the Hoard ; and that Messrs. Maxwell and Roberts had been re-appointed tho rcpres»ntativos oi tho Inauranco companies. On the motion of Mr. Cri»p, seconded by Mr. Smith, Mr. Maxwell was re-elected cliuirmun of the Board. Accounts amounting to £20 were passed for payineut. The secretary laid on the tablo the Victorian Fire Brigade Regula- tions, which had boou sent to the Board by the Legislative Council. I BANKIIUTTCIES, ETC.-The following are the latest bankruptcies :-Hugh McLeod and Finlay Mol.eod, of Zeehan, hotel keepers, on tho petition of Robert MuKiiimo, of Zeehan, storekeeper. F. S. Sibloy, of Hobart, builder, on tho petition of Alfred Crisp, of Hobart, timber merchant. Wil- liam Race Allison, farmer, of Forcett, on the petition of Roberts and Co., auctioneers, of Hobart. Frcdk. C. Pago, of Bagdad, farmer, on the petition of Roberts and Co , auctioneers, Hobart, The following estates 'have been filed in liquidation :-Thomas James Heron, of Hub rt, blacksmith ; Joseph Minnel Pullen, of .Sorell, labourer ; Wm. Harrison, of Hobait, cabman; Michael Devlin, of Zeehan, mining engiuuer; James George'Moir, of Hobait, insurance agent ; M ¡charl Gleeson, of Hobart, inilkm-n ; Syduey Piacook, of Hobart, merchant; John Henry ? Lithgow, of Hobart, licensed victualler ; Arthur Evans, of Richmond, farmer ; Robert Hills, of Uivnilton, labourer. BENKVOLHNT SOCIETY.- At a meeting of the 'Executive Committee of tho Hobart Benovolent Society yesterday, tho Rev. J, W. Simmons, presided. It was reported that 43 fainilies, comprising 74 adults ami 105 children, had been relieved during the week. Six new Cuses had boen investigated, one of which was refused as not really re- quiring the assistance of the Society. A TRAVELUNO TASMANIAN.-By the last mail a private letter was received from a well known Tasmanian who has found his wiy to Chicago, and in ono or two para- graphs he gives his impression of American cities. Speaking of San Fiancisco, ho says : -" I was very much disappointed with this placo, for it is not nearly as fine a city as I wus led to expect, and is nut to be com- pared with Melbourne or Sydney. Its great feature is its harbour, but except this the surroundirigs have nothing to recommend \t. The wharves are a tumble down ramshackle set that would not be tolerated in Hobart] and not what you would expect to see . in a modern city of the size of 'Frisco. Add to this tho city is a very dirty one, with fearful slums and hovels, and although there are soma fine building«, the general appearance of the place does not commend itself to the visitor. In company with some Victorians I spent 11 days there, and did the sights thoroughly. The trip across the continent was a grand one, the scenery being magnificent, and it must be aeen to be appreciated, while the train« are a perfect luxury to one whose principal tx\ Erienceio this direction wason the 'old Main ne.' A trip like this would give the Tas- manian Manager of Railways hint« enough to last him his lifetime. I landed in Chicago in due oourse, and felt almost bewildered with the huge building«-'skyscrapers' In reality-some ¡22 storeles high, while, the ordinary busines« block is 12 stories. Ksnoy being dumped down in a city with a million and a half of inhabitant« after a lifetime in Hobart and Launoeaton. Built on . huge plain, with not a bill to be seen big enough to shake a stick at, the prospect was another ?urprite after Tasmania, bul the redeeming feature is Lake Miehigeu with ita vast sheet of water-a véritable inland sea. The city is woll laid out, those parts facing the lake being the handsomest. It ia bitterly cold, snow everywhere, and on Sunday it went to 27dcg. below freezing point, but I have not felt the cold as much as expected." MISSING -A woman named Lizzie Coo 34 year«, h»s been missing from the New Town Invalid Depot since Wednesday morning, and is causing much anxiety to her friends, who Uve at '¿A, Kelly- street, on account of, her being of weak mind and subjict to fir«.j She was seen walking up Macquarie-etrtet) on Wednesday, and had on a crape hat,ta| §rey tweed jacket, and black skirt. She. is: escribed as tall and thin, and has a deep sear on the bridge of hor nose. A CROWN OF GOLD OR A CORONET OF PEARLS is the privilege of few to have, but any lady can rolol e in a glorious head of hair by the use of lin. 8. A Allen« Worlds Hair Restorer. THE GIBLIN MEMORIAL.-The movement for extinguishing the debt on the Giblin Memorial Hall at Devonport has been very successful in Hobart, as nearly all the sub- scribers to the fund here have asreod that their subscriptions shall go in aid of thj Hall Fund. This teem« to be tho propor course, as the hall is complete, is a worthy memorial, und fulfils all tho conditions required. As ao many subscribers are uciccd, it loem« a waste of time to talk about a scholarship or a statue in Hobart, n« there will bo no funda for either. The best way is, to make a complete job of what has been so well carriod out, and thus make a graceful conclusion to this business, which has already hung fire too long. A mroting will bo hold In tho Town Hall Committee room to-night at 8 o'clock, to consider the present po-ition of tho fund. UKIVF.USITY SENATE.-A mooting of the University Senate is to bo held in tho Mayor's Court-room at 4 o'clock to-day, when the regulation« of terms and lectures prepared hy the Council will bo taken into consideration. " THE REVIEW OP RKVIBWS."-The February number of the Australian edition of the Jitview of Jltview» is to hand, tho volume this time numbering over 100 pages. Tennyson, Jay Gould, and Home Rulo for Ireland come in for a lot of specialist work, it being argued, now that tho great Stoad has changed hi« opinions on this grave political topic, that " Home Rulo must fail,!' and the arguments oro very cogent. Now, too, that the, editor-in-ahicf has espoused tho canae of Spiritualism, tho number con- tains at any rate a readable article in vindi- cation of ghosts. "How to save the farmers V is a grave question just now ia the Old Country, and a Writer «linly pins his faith to forage crops to do it. Tho pro sent Afghan ruler is described in an interest ¡nu articlo, but how much longer will ho rule is tho quostiou of tho hour in Downing street. A description of John Burn's home is full of rupgod picturcsqueness, whilst tho extracts from articles in other journals are too numerous to mention. They uro all up to dato, and on subjects of general interest.' Crrv POLIOK COURT. - The bondi wa« ocoupiod yeatorday by the Police Magistrate (Mr. \V. Tarleton), assisted by Mr. John Hamilton, J.P. Thomas Mill was fined 5s. or in default 7 days' for throwing stones in New-strcot on the 2nd inst. Joseph Crack- nell pleaded guilty to stealing a sum of mauoy (£1 5s. Od.), and a silver bracelet from the dwelling-house of Allon Downie. Battery Point, on the 8th inst. Detective Gavitt stated thut between 12 and 1 o'clock that day, tho accused entered Downie'« house nud stole tho articles above-mentioned there- from. As ho was leaving the houBo, Mr. Downie met bim and searched lum, finding tho money and the bracelet upon him. Cracknell was sentenced to 3 month« im- prisonment. J. C. Hand was fined 10s, and costs for committing a breach of tho Codlin Moth Aot. Jane Templo, of Ciosa-strcet, was charged with using insulting language to Mary Ann Dracas on the 4th inat. De- fendant pleaded not guilty. The charge arose out of a woman's squabble over a valentine. Tho evidenco takeu was of a voluminous character, and inoluded hard swearing and filthy expressions. Sarah Ann Merry and William Draco s were examined for the proBeoution, and Agnes Foster, mother of the détendant, for the defenco, .The Bench strongly deprecated tho conduct of the last witness towards her daughter, and considered that sha would havo acted tho part of a mother much better had she withdrawn her daughter from the squabble at it« earlier stages. A fine of 10». and costs was imposed. The Court then rose. CLARENCE POLIVE COURT. -- There was a clear sheet at this Court ycslorday. INQUEST.-An inquiry into the death of Walter Jamieson, whose body was found in the water off the New Wharf, was held at the General Hospital yesterday morning, before Mr. Coroner Riddoch. Dr. K. L. Crowther deposed that he was called on Tuesday night to see deceased, who was then lying on a warm blanket ; skilled and careful efforts were being made to restore animation. During the progress of the treatment the contents of the stomach wcro ejeotod, and they smelt strongly of opium. Witness considered that deceased had taken some of the drug prior to goiing into the water, and this, with the suicidal determination, made the attempt at restoration perfectly hope less. He considered deceased came to his death from drowning, while in a state of temporary insanity, Dr. Crowther bore high testimony to the measures adopted by Sergeant Filby and his son for the restora- tion of the drowned man. James Meikle, residing at 171, Elizabeth-street, had known deceasod for about a month. First knew him from offering some clothes for sale. Deceased told him he had slept in the Domain all night, and had no place to go to. Witness took him in and provided him with a home. On Tuesday, the 7th inst , deceased left the house and appeared to be in a despondent state of mind. He told witness he was born at Parkhead in Glasgow. He left tho Old Country on December 9, 1892, and came from Melbourne to Tasmania. Deceased was about 45 years of age. Did not think he was of temperate habits. Was not aware he had poison in his possession Christina Auchincloss stated that she was walking along the New Wharf on Tuesday night about 10 o'clock, and she heard a splash as of someone falling in the water. She ran round to the ferry and told a boat- man named Smart of what she had heard, The boatman took her in his boat, and they pulled to a spot she pointed out. Smart got the body out of the water and handed it over to Sergeant Filby. She did not hear any quarrelling. Sergeant J. Filby deposed to receiving the body and using means to restore life. Dr. Crowthor was sent for, and the body was taken to the morgue. The body was searched, and a razor, several pawn tickets, a bottle of laudanum, and other articles, were found in the pockets of de- ceaseds clothing. The bottle of laudanum was produced, and none of that liquid had been taken from it. The jury, after a short consultation, returned a verdict to the effect that Walter Jamieson drowned himself while labouring under a fit of temporary insanity. The deceased at one time occupied a highly respectable position in the Old Country. On reading the letter writtcn by him to his wife, which appeared in The Mercury onWednesday morning, the names mentioned therein were quite familiar to Mr. William Ferguson, jun., of this city. He surmised it would be the Walter Jamieson who, when Mr. Ferguson left Glasgow, was manager of the Eglinton Chemical Co.'s limestone quarries at Glenarm, in the North of Ireland. Mr. Ferguson was in that company's Glasgow office and know him well. In company with Inspector Kemp, Mr. Ferguson opened the deceased man's trunk yesterday, and docu ments found there proved his surmises to be correct. Among them were, a Masonic Past Master's certificate of the Grand Lodge of Ireland belonging to deceased, and his mem- bership card of the Manchester Geological Society. Mr. Ferguson knew the signature at once, and has no doubt the deceased was the same man he met in Glasgow. The John Donald mentioned in the letter is brothor to the secretary of the company by which he was employed. Jamieson occupied a very responsible position, and prior to that was in the employment of the Shott's Iron Co. near Glasgow. Arrangements have been made for the burial of deceased privately by Mr. Ferguson. CELESTIAL DMIOBBAKOR. -The Chinamen resident in Hobart havo the reputation of being a peaceful set of mon on the wholo, but occasionally financial disputes arise among them v. Inch are usually settled in our local law Courts. Yesterday two gardeners residing in Warwick-street, with the in- stinct implanted in them of a gardener of a very early period io the world's history, proceeded to settle a monetary difference by fisticuffs. One of them, Ah Patt, presen ted a woeful appearance yesterday morning as he appeared before the Polioe Magistrate to lay an information against his assailant, Ah How, who appeared to have mudo Ah Fatt'i head as large.' as any pumpkin that ever grew in lil« garden. Thu matter did not end here, for late last night Ah How waited noon Dr. Smart with his band heavily bandaged, and it is alleged that Ah Patt had assaulted him with an axe. Judging from the character of the injuries it will be some time ere Ah How is peacefully ptantiog out Brunel «prouts on cauliflowers again. CoNCKi T AT SOUTH Aim.-A ooncert is to be given ct South Arm on Wednesday even- ing by Hobart amateurs under the con duotorshifi of Mr. W. Mackenzie. ' ' BOTIIWIXL ATHLETIC SPORTS.-Nomina 'tiona for vhese sports 'close to-day. Handi- caps will' be published on the 15th, and acceptances close on the 24th in«*-. MARINE EXCURSIONS.-Tho Taranna goes' on an excursion to New Norfolk to-day tit 9 IS a.m., and on Saturday «he goeB on a fishing excursion at 2.15 p m. under charter, to the Union Jack C C. On Sunday the Nubeena makes her usual trip to Broan's River at 2 80 p.m. with tho City Band on board. The Huon loaves Brooke-street pier at 5 p.m. on Wednesday for Oyster Cove, where an enttrtainmout is to be given by the Hobart Minstrels. She returns after! the ooncert. ,. , , , EXCURSION TO NEW , NORIOLK.-The¡ Monaroh Ige« on' an excursion to New. Norfolk to-morrow, ut U.15 ii.in. Special' arrangements can be made for the extension of return tiokets. GARRISON SPORTS.-The committee en- gaged in promoting thoio «ports met Isst night, S.-M. Gouohor presiding. It «as decided to extend the timo of rocoiving entries until Thursday, .the 10th, end tho receiving of tendors for the bar until Satur- day next, and the meeting was adjourned until Saturday, at 7,30, when, as somo par- ticular business has to be discussed, ovory local " non- com, " is asked to attend. The Admiral of the floct on the station has con- sented to allow a 9-poundcr, gun to be oon voyed to the drill-yard for practico for tho intended mounting and dismounting contest, whioh is to form an item iu the sports pro- gramme NAVAL ENTERTAINMENT. - Elsewhere (?fficiont talent has boon found available on board H.M.S. (triando to give entertain monts for charitable objoots. Not long ago the crew gave a pleasant ovoning at Albany, and were muoh appreciated. To ninht tho Variety Company of the flagship will occupy tho .boards at the Temperance Hall in aid of the Queensland Reliof Fund. Vice-Regal patronage has been coupled with that ol tho Admiral and oflicors of the fleet, while an cxcollont programme ia to be presented. The novelty of tho performance, and the worthy object to be bcucSted, should draw a largo house, TIIK POLO RACES.-Preparations are con- tinuing to be mado with great heartiness for the polo races at Elwick on Saturduy. Tho ofhcorsof tho Curagoa who play polo havo presented a haudsom* silver cup for competition, and tho Hon. N. E. Levis a bracelet for tho needle and thread raor. An advertisement In another column announces that a speoial train will run botween tho city and Elwick far the convenience of those attending tho races. HOBART BOWLING CLUB.-The following draws have been made for tho competition for Prize Bowl», presented by Mr.Gregory : Scoond draw : Kennedy beat Gregory ; Maploy beat Boland ; Watohorn boat Lewis ; Steinhach beat Scott ; James beat Love ; Crisp boat Dr. Giblin ; Rickards beat Fer guaon, jun. Third draw : James plays Watchorn ; Rickards plays Crosby ; Ken- nedy plays Steinhach ; Crisp plays Msp'cy. MONDAY'S CONCERT.-The names of the soloists who will appear at Mr. and Mrs, W. C. Eltham'« pupils' ooncert on Monday evening next uro published in ourKssuo of to- day, and include many leading favourites, besides several new perfoiinor». The pro- gramme will be well diversified with part songs, piano and organ solos, songs with obbligatos, and otchesttal items, These, together with Mr. R. F. Young's humorous songs, ought to please every taste. BOYS' HOME.-A very ploasant evening was spent at the Boys' Homo on the 8th inst., when a Band of Hope waa formed ¡n connection with the school. Tho ohalr was occupied by Alderman Bradley, supported by Messrs. E. Hawson and Fairfax. The chairman briefly announced the object of the meeting, and the Bund of Hopo was formally established, after which songs and recitations were given by the boys, under the management of their teaoher, Miss Shipley, who presided at tho piano. Among the visitors.who assisted were Misses Bradley, Jarvis, Taylor, and other juveniles. Messrs, Hawson, Fairfax, Morris, and others ad- dressed the lads ou temperance. The ohalr man, in closing the meeting, complimented the management on the cheerful and healthy appearance of the boys.-[Communioatcd.] , BELLERIVE INSTITUTE,-Arrangements aro being made for a ooncert in the Bellerive Institute on tho evening of Friday, Mardi 17\. A special steamer will bo run to town after the entertainment. BOTHWELL. - An Inquest was held on Monday, 27th ult., before Mr. Coroner Flexmore and a jury, touching the death of John Hinchey, a labouring man, who re- sided at Dennistoun. It appeared that Hinchey left the township in company with a man named Horne, about 11 o'clock on Saturday night to go home, and when about a mile on their way, both being on horse- back, they came to a small drain across the road. Hinchey's horse jumped it, but in doing this unseated its rider, who held on to the animal's neck. This caused the horse to commence bucking, and Hinchey fell heavily on his head, and the poor fellow was never conscious afterwards. He was at once removed to Mr. Denholme's hotel, and although every attention was paid him, he expired about eight hours after the accident occurred. Dr. Reed, who held a post mortem, said the cause of death was concus- sion of the brain ; and the jury returned a verdict of accidental death. Deceased, who was 46 years of age, was an old resident in the district, and was much respected. The foregoing only came to hand yesterday-10 days after the occurrence,] ST. HELEN'S. - A correspondent writes : -" A very successful entertainment was givon by tho St. Helen's Dramatic Club on Saturday night, the piece chosen being the familiar comedy Our Boys, The personation of Sir Geoffrey Champuoy by Mr. Doyes, and the part of Chapman, sen,, by Mr, Anderson, were poifectly rondorod, whilst Messrs. Wright and Moat wore well up in the parts of tho Boys. Messrs. Bowling und Cano sa'isfao torily rendered their respective parts. Violet and Mary Melroso were nicely personated by Miases Treloggen and Allanby. 11 .linda (the servant) was also nicely performed hy Miss Stella Iles. Miss L. Johnson gave several selections on the piano during the intervals. The proceeds are to be devoted to improvement of the recreation ground," 