THE FINANCIAL CRISIS. [B? R CALDWELL, MP,] You are certainly entitled to the thanks or the community for hiving secured from one of our most capable fellow-colonists some valuable remarks having reference to the financial crisis which the Australian Colonies have recently experienced. In matters of general policy and finanoe it is admitted by thoBe most capable of forming an opinion that South Australia has no more com petent authority than Mr. Barr Smith.- Con sequently any remark whioh he has to make respecting our present trouble iB entitled to Berious consideration. I am quite at one with Mr. Barr Smith when he Bays "Doubt and suspicion are in the air," and baring been taught long .ago to believe that " the ourse oauseless would not oome" X have made it my duty, not recently, but some years back, to asoertain what causes were operating In bringing about the doubt and suspicion which' have of late attained both looal habitation and name. . For so surely as the foul play whioh ootjasiobed the death of Hafalet's father resulted in the appearance of the ghost at Elainore, bo, surely alto has the present condition of -urieektainty, when "aire from heaven and blkski frbm bell" are strangely orouing and outntninglibR, been brought about by ill>qeeds done in other days, when perhaps an Unsuspecting boihmunity, or the "good, easy" rulers of the people, were asledp. 1 am quite in acoord with Mr. Barr 8mith when in conclusion he remarks "At the present time, we ought to have no patienoo with fusty meddlers. Here and now we are oompellsd reluotantly to admit that the parrots of society are more destructive than the birds of prey." That is to say parrots will do greater harm to grapes or grain than eagles. Of.oourse suohisnot the case when unfortunate beasts of burden or the lambs of the ilook are ooncerned At the present time there is no getting away from the faot that we" are called upon to endure misfortune of no ordinary desoription. It may have burst upon many. like an unex pected thunderstorm, but those who could read signs and estimate tendencies eaw the prooesB working, and are not at all surprised at results. On November 15, 1892, " Hansard" reports (page 1,622)-"Mr. Caldwell refetred to the inadequate protection accorded the public so far as the operations of Banking Companies were concerned. TheOompanieshad obtained charters from Parliament, but no pro vision had been made to asoertain whether they oonduoted their business in aooordanoe with the conditions of the ohartere. There was, unfortunately, reason for believing that in many instances the Banks did buaineBB in direct violenoe to the charters. The subject required the moBt urgent consideration, and be hoped " the Treasurer, who was a Direotor of one of the Banks, would carefully look into it." During the last two years, being consoious of the presence of "doubt and suspicion" in the air, with the exception of sounding a note of warning now and then, I praotioally, if not prudently, kept my mouth olosed, I resolved todo nothing to hasten or aggravate the trouble whioh I saw surely ooming upon us. Since the bursting of the storm, however, it should be the privilege of those who tried to guide the veseel from the rocks to take an interest in the passengers who have been forced to endure misfortune through no fault of their own. It was in the interests of ~those who do not attend public meeting^, cannot write to news papers, but wh^ nevertheleas suffer from the faults of others," that tbe Current Account Release Bill was introduced, I have no desire to "earmark all the ooin and bullion in the re constructed Banks," neither do I think the Bill now before the House oan possibly have that effect. The limit of my intention is to make "ourrent accounts" a first charge on the assets of . Bank in the event of liquidation. This proposal may be unwisb, but it is by no means un reasonable. Nothing whioh has been done or proposed in Parliament during the last twenty-five years has more tended to destroy confidence in Banks doing business in this colony than the - astion which some of these Companies' have taken during the last six months. My desire is to see better foundations laid and the walls of the institutions in question strengthened. I do not altogether approve of Mr. Jenkins's Mort gagors' Liability Limitation Bill, but so far as future transactions are ooncerned I fail to' see that serious _ trouble is likely i to result from the limitation of the liability to J ' the property against whioh the advanoe is | made. Were Mr. Jenkins to carry his pro posal a little further and stop all bor rowing, whether for private _ or publio purposes, I don't know but in the end a much sounder condition might result. While thanking you for the opportunity you have given my muoh-respeotea countryman, Mr. Barr Smith, for making oertain state ments intended to promote the wellbeing of everybody, let me assure you and my mentor that my desire to serve: all classes of the community is notices sincere; but my knowledge of their oondition at pre sent comuels me to believe that something ruiwt be done for them off the ordinary lines 