c$£ftt$^^:K . ' )3ut still Ills tongue ran on, , ? : ? Aa&; witt its everlaBtinft'clMk; ' '' ?.??': SettUueJo.'! eamnpon'tbe'raok.'— ? ' ; .?.jl.lfn-.l'- i , :! i /. EOD.ftM*. The Muckory staff is now in full training to. bring- out the penny daily1 as a' Dead ; Bird' of particularly high flavor, to wit the following, under date September 5 : — 'About Dogs. — Among the miscellaneous items, to wiucn tne -Jity uouncil had its attention drawn yesterday afternoon, was thafcof dogs'. The particular topic was a letterop-^ha feminine gender.- of 'tho canine, species «s found in : Hobart streets. 'The writer bping particularly struck with the peculiar and even improper behaviour of several animals.' Perhaps such puerility is' very funny, but it requires the bald headed senile wit of Lynx of the Wail to discern it. Possibly the writer is the same young man that got into trouble through firing off similar funnyism into the un willing ear of tho barmaid. 'Johnnies' are' addicted to such jokes. The girl's brother happened to be about, and there' was a sequel Heads of families hod better take the news of tho day from the organ of ? the Divine Sara. : His. bank is famed lo 'Knotty,' for she lias rat 1 the reins— Poor old ina- notin it, so Buffers miuiy pains — The cbccB.v horse is guly i-pauked, the jincc it is a duster. With oral onoircled around Lor waist ooinea our ' Billy Buster.' ? Sorell,l893. The zeal of tho Salvation Army, in the person of. one of their soldiers, named Mitchell, was fined to the tune of 20s. and costs, or in default 14 days, for holding forth in the bar of the Victoria Hotel. The young man had a very nice gold watch. That is to say sometimes he had it and sometimeo he didn't, for he was a young man who was not always ahead of the deal. On this occasion he had it, and when the nice old gent, to whom he wins talking for a job, asked him what time it was he pulled it out to Bee. ' That's a nice watch you have, ' said tho old ono. ' Yes' remarked .the young one; 'I am quite jrffdidof it, ' and he handed it over tone inspected. The old ono looked it over and passed it back. ' That watch is a credit to you, sir, ' he said, for the old one it rep resented so much saved aud so much nbility to save. J'Tcs, ' responded the young one nbsentmindedly, 'it has boen a credit to me more times than one,' and visions of three golden balls flitted through bis mind. The Matob informed the Council that when he lad the long- haired temperance advocate through the pubs of Hobart on that memorable Saturday evening he found nothing to take exception to. Contrast thin statement with the hysterical yelLof the temperance fanatic, who told the audience at the Temperance Hall the next evening that at most of tho plaeeB visited the scenes he witnessed were so appalling that if his hearers had only a faint imagina tion of them each one would straightway sign the pledge. Hero we have two 'groat' njon diviner inrlonrtndent oninions on a simultaneous visit paia to . me puoiic housos . of the city, but we prefer tho Mayor's. Alderman Cbisp eays tint he takes a, little wine for his sto-nach's siko. Alfy never allows his internal arrangements to get out of order. Alderman Hiddi.estoni; objected to Alderman Crisp calling teetotallers 'ex- tremists.' Alderman Watchorn was under the impression that ' extremist ' was a very appropriate title. 1UEJ BUUr Ji.llUHI'jH UHUHT, There was something wrong At the i.'estaurant ?niers the children cime for their soup, For a ghost had been seen TJiat was ghostlj and lean : And it rattled its hones and tapp 'd cm the stones, ind frightened Uie girls— and was lost in tho whirls Of .the Bteain that curled up from the soup tureens, When the mutton hydnted and goose that was fatted Made havoc at night in their dreams. Bo the Spiritists sit Aud tSioy sot it quite pat That a murder mostfoul must lie spotted. And they dug* up the stones aud turned up same That were skull-like and rib-like and spiue-likc and arm-like— And Bravely pronounced that the poor ghost de Ilad been buried at night after desperate fight With a bullet and hairpins, and uoirou its bare piu« Wftndere J and frolicked at night. And when it wax known That a skeleton bouc Was on view a.t the constables' quarters. The people thronged deep an! pronounced Hint a sheep Rad oucc owned the bones found under tho Btoues That were levered and lifted to find where hnd drifted The remains of the ghost that was seen by a host Of the girls that felt creepy and went to bed sleepy After supping on negus and toast. CLYDE VOLTS. Police Centralisation Bill is the topic of the day. Little Simon trotting round as unual, getting sig natures opposing it. I wonder whether it will hurt him f We don't think eo. Too useful to the Fat Men. Scene I. Little Simon and Big Tommy at hotel, wetting their neck and trying to net the niiaV.; juice seller to sign paper against tho otutralisatiou. He demurs, beinn in faror of tho reform. Hasty departure of Little Simon and Big Tommy, after strapping the S.J. S. Scene II. Slouch office. Big Tommy strutting like a toff. Snake Juice Sliuifor appears. Big T. : By the way landlord, upon referring to my book I find you haven't put up your stuS for your billiard license. We have been very leuieub. It wont be bo when Centralisation comes in. S.J.S. signs and departs— without payiu? bia liocnae. Scene III. Next day. Biff T. : liey landlord, saw m« horf. Hey, glass of hale. Uou't tall the boy*, BigTommy strapped him for the snake iuioe. Big etan )iuuf l».t Satut-Hy at Sijuirc, with a goo I muster preseut. Bii? Bs'i, Cheap C jcky Mau rice, and Major w=ll mouute! : hut, the fducss wjro too stiff-or thcs-Hke juke. Heavy ' i Squills ' on f!m tiwmhiji fi'i v^ 15 chil dren, and still more thuu ier in tho air. ] Hl$ WoilSmP THE HAYOB^WOJit tyVQVffh iday's' moethig' of the City1 XWunciK A. report wasj rtrpnght -(p by the; ?6l*oa/pqr£-£- m'ittee signed ' Gf. S. Orouch Mayor,' condemning -the1 'Indiscreet' iaciion1 «f the Mayop in ..pilotpg. a, , $einpew«ee} oranK around tho pijMichouEes of tRe.'citv/cjBjUsingJ ia'uon annoyance aWd irritation. to' ^e j)Hbj-0 lioana., (- . , . ( ''''.. ?,*? '. ItAvrEr, the Maori evangeiist.is'to'aippeW at the 3'emperancb ffalt.bri-Moflday, Tue&-* day arid 'Thursday nights. -A rich treat bl sweet -HUgip-and sT^rkUug-wit'-iSfcromiied. ? Twit 'liVymmoth^mbiijatfon ,of ,B$cTt$o , Marvels are to open theirseaaon ott! Mon-' ' day evening in the Theatre Eoyal, and theatre-goers will have a bill placed before them composed of marvels and ministrelsy- : and Mdni. Carina juggling on the wire : rope, and for tho first time in Tasmania will be witnessed the Slide for Life. A piano wire being stretched from the dome to the back of the stage. The artistes and artists include old favorites as well as now ones. \ The appointment of Pr. Delany, ..of1 Uallarat, as coadjutor to tho E.C. Arch bishop of Hobart, is embarrassing, financi ally. Tho hospitable archbishop's fixed annual income. is only .£600, bping portion of interest on the State- aid-commutation grant; lie gets beside about .£200 from marriage'licences. Hocould thus 111 afford to ehare his sahvry with his coadjutor. It is: generally believed that a way out of tho difficulty will be found by calling on t)ean Woods, the present parish priest of St. Joseph's, who has been an invalid for inany years, to resign his parish. — Bulletin. When Mrs, Langtry paid a visit to New market for tho meeting in June, she told her maid to take rooms for her at that noted bouse, tho Bull Hotel, Cambridge. The maid, mistaking her orders, wont to the Bull at Newmarket, which is a farmer's house pure and simple. It is uncertain :'- which was the most astonished,' 'The ' Lily,' when she saw her bucolic quarters, ' or the host, fiobort Jacobs, himself. The Spring meeting of the A JlC. takee place to-day. For the A J.C. Derby the Sportsman tips Projectile or Pulril.aud for the Spring Stakes Paris or Cremorne. Stepniak or Donation are voted tho good things for the Metrop., to be run on Tues day nert. Programme for Hobart'Pony, Galloway, and Trotting Association for the September: meeting, to be held on Saturday 30th inst,, appears in another column. There are five evcute, the nominatioiiE closo on We -'nesday next, at 8 p.m., with the hon. sec, Mr. S, Robertson, 34 Elizabeth- st., and the hap.4.i- . caps declared on Saturday next. ?' 