ENTERTAINMENTS. HEU MAJESTY'S OPERA HQÜSE. Mil. WALÏKB JÎKNTMÎÏ IN "TlkVOET." Tho business which Mr. Walter Bentley ia doing at the Opera House at tho 'present time is little shoit of phenomenal. Anyone wit- nessing the crowded houses which greet him ovory night would say that instead of Brisbane Buffering fiom tho deepest financial depression at tho prosent timo, prosperity was surrounding it on all hands. Some of- tho largest houses whioh overgrcoted tho most popular performers havo welcomed Mr. Dcntloy's return, aud Saturday night's audience was no exception to this rulo, which during tho present season is bocoming general. X11 all places but the dress cirolo thoro was lUoraUy not standing-room. Amongst thoso prvsont wero his Excellency tha Governor, and Lady and tho Misses Norman and suite, and tho Chief Justice and Lady Grillith., Tho nerformanco was eminently suc- cessful and satisfactory, though the limitations imposod as to lime nooossitatod Iho " cutting" of sovoral wollAknown passages. Mr. Bontle/s Hamlet lins hceu so frotpionlly described that little / clso than a general refe- rence lo 'it is nccessaiy. Itepotitiona of the nrduous part do not, in Mr. Uontloy's ease, as is somotimes found else- where, begot carelessness; on the contrary, with oaol'i succeeding performance Mr. Bentley' seems to improve. Every word that he speaks is tho nundi of careful study, and overymotion has imbued in it that ardour or grace, as tim caso m ay be, which has given Mr. Bentley tho name 'ho possesses. Although thero woro one or tw<> weak spots in Saturday night1 s cast, littlo ifault can bo found with tho performance. Bfiss^Kato Bishop, as Hamlet's mother, gave an oxcijllont interpretation of the oharnctor ; and as Iflcr spotiso Rfr. E. B. llubscll mado a sufli ciontly imposing monarch. Miss Virginia Vi.vioiinc scored an undeniable success in the character of Ophelia, her acting in the mud scone being a very striking performance, ami T.llr. It. II. Uoborts did most creditable service j in tho ohat'ttcteí of Laertes. Mr. Lachlan ]i M'Gowan as Polonius contributed to tho geiior.il ,/ success. Others deserving of oomiuondntioti »vero Mr. A. M. Heaton as Horatio, Mr. Mario Mnjcroiii as the Ghost, mid Miss Ina ¡Lau renco and Miss Gladys Leigh. Mr. James Stark jmido an oxtromely good gtavedigger, having an excellent appreciation of tho grim humour possessed by that personage in tho original text. Tho tragody was well Blagcd, and credit is duo to Horr llosondorff's oichcstra for their appropriate selections. "Hamlet" was only staged for one night, owing to the shortnoss of Mr. Bontley's season, and this ovoniiig it will givo place to " Hioholiou," which is roRnrdcd as one of Mr. Benlloy's most successful paits. Indeed, a Southern critic in concluding his notico-of Mr. Bentley'» appoaranco in this play Bays,-" For my part 1 shall ohooso to think ever of Mr. Bontloy as ho thon appeared, for-then I shall think only of him as a. truly great actor." THE GAIETY THEATltE; Tho uow programme at the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday night was witnessed by a larrie audionco in spite of counter attractions. No doubt tho attendance was in a great measure duo to the pleasure oxporienced by thoso who had witnessed tho previous week's performances of tho " Up lo Date" Company, and who wore naturally willing to again bo participators in . tho fun to bo .provided by this company. Tho rifing of the curtain revealed the members of tho clovor troup, tho Indies in handsome costumes, and prosently, tho end men having cracked a few jokes with Mr. St. John, Mr. George Jones amused tho audience with his exceedingly comic rendering of the song " t missed it." Other enjoyable items followed. \ Mira Lucy Fraser sang very sweetly and feel- ingly thal well-known and delightful old ballad, "Tho Old Log Cabin." Miss K. Williams pleased everyone with her song, " I've, got it down on my little slate." Marlyn Hagan gave tho medloy, "Just across from Jersey ;" John Tudor, " Waiting ni the door, Mary Ann ;" and Edwin Sliipp, "Tho Man who Struck O'Hara." Each ¡tem was loudly applauded. Jake Friedman's contribu- tion, .tlio Tyrolean serenade "-Ope' Your Window Wide," was especially approved of. Miss Be!. Ponsonby and Miss Ada- Lempricro gavo it vory clever song and dance, their efforts being such as to bo deservedly applauded and encored. Messrs. Jones and Rhtpp provided plenty of amusement by tho hnmonr of their finale, "That's tho last song yoa'Jl slug." The "Ballet Espagnolia" with whioh tho - second portion of the performance opened, and in which Misses Forbes, Lemprjcre, Pon- sonby, Williams, and Yates took putt, presents opportunity for many graceful movements, anti, with an additional rehearsal or-so ohould be a feature of the now programme. Miss Fraser and Mr. Martyn Hagan in-costume gave a-clevor medloy duct, in which tho vivacity und vocal Ílowers of both artists wero proved. Evoryono aughed at George .Tonoa's funny sayings, and .at the humorous snatches of songs Which inter- spersed his comments on things in general. Miss Ettie Williams was very successful in her song and dance, " My Little Irish Queen." Mr. Slade Murray's contributions to tho even- ing's entertainment, the descriptivo song "Masks.and Faces" and the well-known and comio " Never More," wero-cheereft again and again, and thin favourite artist could not bat make his reappearance in response to the demands of the audience. Other lioms'wcro "Two-Simple Maidens," a pretty soog.juTord ing opportunities for somo tasteful steps, which was contributed by Misses Ponsonby and Lempriore, and the funny entertainment, " Schoolboys," in which Messrs. Tudor and Friedman took part. The performance con- cluded with a-wcry laughable farce, "-Htfa dead! Who?" by members-of the company. norseowners areTcrainded (hat nominations for the races to be held at the Breakfsst-Creek Grounds nest Saturday closo this afternoon at fi o'clock. Try Axón-'s for running cuits in Tunk, skyunwy, black, and white ; 6fl. par aaü; :03Unl,^vÍTO,'T*,. J- it Cornier B*tiUiuB.-5ÍAiyT,J- ?; 