THE STORY-TELLER. IN THE SEANCE ROOM. Br L. Galbbaite, Author of "The Cms of Lady Lukeatan," and other Ghost Stories. Dr. Valentine Bnrke eat alone by the fire. Be bad finished his rounds, and no patient had disturbed his post-prandial reflections. The house was very quiet, for the servants bad gone to bed, and only tbe occasional rattle or a passing cab and the light patter of the rain on tbe window-panes broke the silence of tbe night. The cheerful glow of the file, and the soft light from the yellow-shaded lamp con trasted pleasantly with the dreary fog whiob filled the street outside. - There were spirit decanters on the table, flanked by a syphon and a box of choioe cigars. Valentine Bnrke liked his creature comforts. The world and tbe flesh held full measure of attraction for him, but he did not care about working for his menus platsirs. The ordinary routine of his profession bored him. That he might eventually succeed as a ladies' doctor was tolerably certain. For a young man with little influence and less money he was doing remarkably well; but Burke was ambitious, and he had a line of his own. He dabbled in psychics, and had written an article on the future of hypnotism, which had at tracted considerable attention. He was a strong magnetiser, and offered no objection to emi-private' exhibitions of his powers. In many drawing-rooms he was already regarded as the apoBtie of the coining revolution which is to substitute disintegration of matter and cerebral precipitation for the present system of the parcels mail and telegraphic communication. In that section of society whiah interests itself in oooultism Burke saw his way to making a big sucoess. Meanwhile, as man cannot live on adulation alone, the doctor had a living to get, and he had no in tention whatever of getting it by the labour of his hands. He was an astute young man, who knew how to invest his capital to the best ad vantage. His good looks were his capital, and he was about to invest thepp in a wealthy marriage. Tbe fates had certainly been propi tious when they brought Miss Elma Lang into the charmed circle of tbe Society for the Re vival of Eastern Mystioism. Miss Lang was an orphan. She had full control of her fortune of thirty thousand pounds. She was young, sufficiently pretty, and extremely susceptible. Burke saw bis chance, and went for it to such good purpose that before a month had passed his engagement to the heiress was announced, and the wedding-day within measurable dis tance. There were several other candidates for Miss Lang's hand, but it soon became evi dent that the doctor was first favourite. The gentlemen who devoted themselves to occult- . iem for the most part despised physioal attrac tions ; their garments were fearfully and wonderfully made. They were careless as to the arrangement of their hair. Beside them Valentine Burke, haudsoine, well set-up, and admirably turned out, showed to the very greatest advantage. Elma Lang adored him. She was never tired of admiring him. She was lavish of pretty tokens of her regard. Her photographs, in costly frames, were scattered about bis room, and on hi9 hand glittered the single stone diamond ring which had been her betrothal gift. He smiled pleasantly as he watched the fire light glinting from the many- coloured faoets. " I have been lucky," be said aloud ; " I pullod that through very neatly. Juet in time, too, for my credit would not stand another year. I ought to be all right now if" . He broke off abruptly, and the smile died away. " If it were not for that other unfortunate affair! What a fool—what a fool I w&b; not to let thab girl alone, and what a fool ehe was to trust me! Why could she not have taken better oare of herself? Why could not the old man have looked after her ? He made row enough over shutting the stable door when the horse was gone. It was cleverly managed though. I think even cc chcr papa exonerates me from any participation in her disappearance; and fate seems to be playiDg into my handt too. Tbe body turning up just now is a stroke of luck. I wonder who the poor devil really is ?" He felt for his pocket-book, and took out a newspaper cutting. It was headed in large type, " Mysterious Disappearance of a Young Lady.—The body found yesterday by the police in Muddlesbatn Harbour is believed to be that of Miss Katharine Greaves, whose mysterious disappearance in January last created so great a sensation. It will be remembered that Miss Greaves, who was a daughter of a well-known physician at Temple ford, Worcestershire, had gone to Muddle ehain on a visit to her married sister, from whose house she suddenly disappeared; Despite the most strenuous efforts on the part of her distracted family, backed by the assistance of able detectives, ber fate has up to tbe present remained enshrouded in. mystery. On the recovery of the body yester day the Muddlesham police at onoe oom muuicated with the relations of Miss Greaves, by whom thp clothing was identified, lb ia now supposed that the unhappy girl threw herself into the harbour during a fit of tem porary insanity, resulting, it is believed; from, an unfortunate love affair." Valentine Burke read the paragraph through carefully, and replaced it in the pocket-book with a cynical smile. " How exquisitely credulous are the police, and the relatives, and the noble Brii ish public. Poor Kitty is practically dead to the world. What a pity" . He hesitated; and stared ■ into the blazing coals. " lb would save so much trouble," he went on after a pause, "and I hate trouble." _ _ His fingers were playing absently with a letter from which he bad taken the slip of printed paper—an untidy letter, blotted and smeared^ and hastily written on poor, thin paper. He looked at it once or twice and tossed it into the fire. The note-sheet shrivelled and curled over, dropping on to the hearth, where it lay smouldering. A hot cinder had fallen out of the grate, and the doctor, stretch ing out his foot, kicked the letter closer to the live coal. Little red sparks orept like glow worms along tbe scorched edges, flickered and died out. The paper would not ignite; it was damp—damp with a woman's tears. " I was a fool," he murmured, with conviction. "It was not good enough, and it might have ruined me." He turned to the spirit stand and replenished his glass, mea«uringthe brandy carefully. "I don't know thab I am out of the wood yet," he went on. as he filled up the tumbler with sodawater.. " The money is running short, and women are so inconsiderate. If Kitty were to take it into her head to turn np here it would be tbe" ■ The sentence remained unfinished, cut short by a sound from below. Some one had rung the night-bell. Burke set down the glass and bent forward, listening intently. The ring, timid, almost deprecating, was utterly unlike the usual im perative summons for medioal aid. Following immediately on hiB outspoken thoughts it oreated an unoomfortable impression of coming danger. He felt certain that it was not a patient; and if it were not a patient, who was it? There was a balcony to the window. He stepped qniotlyout and leaned over therailing. By the irregular fiioker of the street-lamp he could make out the dark figure of a woman on the steps beneath, and through the patter of the falling rain he fancied he caught the sound of a suppressed sob. With a quick glanoe, to assure himself that no one was in eight, the doctor ran downstairs and opened the door. A swirl of rain blew into the lighted hall. The woman was leaning againBt one of the pillars apparently unconscious. Burke touched her shoulder. "What are you doing here?" he asked sharply. At the sound of his voice she ottered a little cry and madeaeuddenetep forward, stumbling over the threshold, and falling heavily againBt him. "Val, Val," she cried despairingly, "I thought I should never find you. Take me home, take me home. I am so tired—and, oh, eo frightened!" The last word died away in a wailing sob, then her hands relaxed their dinging hold and drop nervelessly at their side. In an emergenoy Dr. Burke acted promptly. He ahut the outer door, and gathering up the fainting girl in his arms, carried her into the consulting - room, and laid her on the sofa. There was no touch of tenderness in his handling of the unconsoious form. He had never cared much about her, when at her beBt, dainty in figure and fair of face; he had made love to her, pour passer Ic temps, in the dulnesa of a small oountry town. She had met him more than half way, and almost before his caprice was gratified he was weary of her. Her very devotion nauseated him. He looked at her now with a shudder of repulsion. The gas light flared coldly on the white face, drawn by pain and misery. All its pretty youthfulness bad vanished. The short hair, uncurled by the damp night air, straggled over the thin' fore head. Thorowerelineeabout theolosedeyesand the drooping comers of the mouth. The skin was strained tightly over the cheekbones and looked yellow, like discoloured wax. Hie eyes noted every defect of face and figure, as he stood wondering what he should do with her. He knew, no one better, bow quiokly the breath of scandal ean injure a professional man. Once let the real story of nis relations with Katherine .Greaves get wind and his career would be oraotioally ruined. _ He began to realize the graviey of the situation. Two futures lay befol aim. The one, bright with the sunshine of love and prosperity, the other darkened by poverty and disgrace. He pic tured himself the husband of Elrna Bang, with all the advantages accruing to the possessor of a charming wife and a large fortune, and he cursed fate which sent this wreck of womanhood to - stand between him and happiness. By this time she had partially reoovered, and her eyes opened with the painful upward roll oommon to nervous Eatients when regaining consciousness. With er dishevelled hair and rain-soaked garments, she had all the apjiearance of a dead body. The sight, horrible as it was, fasoinated Burke. He turned up the gas, twisting the chandelier so as to throw a full light on the girl's face. "Shelooks as though she weredrowned," he thought. " When she is really dead she will look like that." The idea took possession of his mind. "If Bhe were dead; if only she were really dead!" Who can trust the discretion of a wronged and forsaken woman, bnt—the dead tell no tales. If only she were dead ! The words re peated _ themselves again and again, beating into his brain like the heavy strokes of a hammer. Why should Bhe not die? Her life was over, a spoiled, ruined thing. There was nothing before ber but shame and misery. She would be better dead. Why (he laughed sud denly a hard, mirthless 'laugh), she was dead already.^ Her body had been found by the police, identified by her own relations. She was supposed to be drowned, why not make the enppoBition a reality ? A curious light flashed into the dootor's handsome face. A woman eeeing him at that moment would have hesi tated before trusting her life in his hands. He looked at his unweloome visitor with an evil smile. She had come round now and was crouched in the corner of the sofa sobbing and shiver ing. " Don't be angry with me, Val, please, don't be angrv. I waited till I had only just enough money for my ticket, and I dare not stay there any longer. It is so lonely, and you never come to see me now. It is ten weeks since you were down, and you won't answer my letters. I was so frightened all alone. I began to think you were getting tired of me. Of course I know it is all nonsense. Yon love me as much as yon ever did. It ie only that you are eo busy and hate writing letters." She paused waiting for some reassuring words, but be did not answer, only watohed her with cold, steady eyes. " Did you see the papers," she went on, with chattering teeth. " They think I am dead. Ever Bince I read it I have had suoh dreadful thoughts. I keep eeeing myself drowned; I believe I am going to die, Val—and I don't want to die. I am eo—so frightened. I thought you would take me in your arms and comfort me like you used to do, and I should feel safe. Oh, why don't you speak to me? Why do you look at me like that? Val, dear, don't do it, don't do it; I cannot bear it." Her great terrified eyee were fixed on his, fasoinated by his steady, unflinching gaze. She was trembling violently. Her words came with difficulty, in short gasps. " You have never said you were glad to see me. It ia true, then, that you don't love me any more. You are tired of me, and yon will not marry me now. What shell I do ? what shall I do ? No one cares for me, no one wants me, and there is nothing left for me but to die." Still no answor. There was a long Bilence while their eyee mBt in that fixed stare—his oold^steady, dominating, hers flinching and striving vainly to withstand the power of the stronger will. In a few moments the unequal struggle bad ended. The girl Bat stiff and erect, her hand grasping the arm of the sofa. The light of consciousness had died out of the blue eyes, leaving tbem fixed and glassy. Burke crossed the floor and stood in front of her. " Where is your luggage ?" he asked authori tatively. She anewered in a dull, mechanical way "At the station." "Have you kept anything marked with your own name—any of my letters?" " No, nothing there." "You have kept eome of my letters. Where are they ?" "Here." Her hand songht vaguely for her pocket. "Give them to me—all of them !" Mechanically ebe obeyed him, holding out three envelopes after separating them care fully from her purse and handkerchief. "Give me the other things!" He opened the puree. Besides a few shillings it contained only a visiting-card, on which an address bad been written in pencil. The dootor tore the card across and tossed it iDto the fireplace; then his eyes fastened on those of the girl before him. Very slowly he bent forward and whispered a few words in her ear, re peating them again and again. The abjeot terror visible in her face would have touohed any heart but that of the man in whose path she stood. No living soul save the "sensi tive" on whom he was experimenting heard those words, bnt they were registered by a higher power than that of the Criminal Court —damning evidence to be produced one day against the man who had prostituted his spiri tual gift to mean and selfish ends. In the grey light of the chilly November, morning a park-keeper, near the Regent's Canal, was startled by a sudden, piercing shriek. Hurrying in the direotion of the sound, he saw through the leafless branohes a figure struggling in the black water. The park-keeper was a pluoky fellow, whose cou rage had gained more than one recognition from the Humane Sooiety; and he began to run towards the spot where that dark form had been seen, but before he had covered ten yards of ground rapid footsteps gained on his, and a man shot past him. "Some one in the canal!" he shouted as he ran; " I think it is a woman. You had better get help." "He was a good-plucked one," the park keeper averred when a few days later he re tailed the story to a select circle of friends at the bar of the " Regent's Arms," where the in quest had been held ; " not that I'd have been behindhand, but my wind ain't what it was, and he might have been shot out of a cata pult. He was off with hie coat and into the water before you could say Jack Robinson. Twice I thought he had her safe enough, and twice rhe pulled him under; the third time blest if I thought they were ooming up any more at alL Then the doctor chap, he comes to the surface dead beat with the girl in his arms. 'I'm afraid she's gone,' he says, when I took her from him; 'but we won't lose time,' and he set to and carried out all the instruc tions for recovering the apparently drowned, while I went for Borne brandy. It wasn't a bit of use; the young tforaan were as dead as a doornail. ' If she'd only kept quiet I might have saved her,'he says quite sorrowful-like; ' but she struggled so,' and sure enough his haDds were regularly torn and bruised where she'd gripped him." Dr. Burke and the park-keeper were the chief witnesses at the inquest. There were no means of identifying the dead woman. The jury returned a verdict of felo de-se, and the Coroner complimented the dootor on his courageous attempt to resoue the poor outcast. The newspapers, tm, gave bim a nice little paragraph, headed "Determined Suicide in Regent's Park. Gallant conduct of a well known physician;" and Elma Bang's dark eyes filled with fond and happy tears as she read her lover's praises. "You are so brave, Val, so good," she cried, " and I am bo proud of you; but you ran a horrible risk." "Yes," he answered, gravely, "I thought once it was all up with me. That poor girl nearly succeeded in drowning the pair of us. Still, there wasn't muoh in it, you know; any other fellow would have done the same." " No, they would not. It is no use trying to pretend you are not a hero, Val, because you are. How awful it muBt have been when Bbe olung to you so desperately. It might have coBt you your life." " It cost me my ring," he replied, ruefully. " It is lying at the bottom of the canal at thiB moment, unless some adventurous fiBh has swallowed it—your first gift." "What does it matter,"she answered, im pulsively, " I oan give you another to- morrow. What does anything matter since you are safe?" Burke .took her in his arms, and kisBed the pretty upturned face. She was his now, bought with the price of another woman's life. Bah! he wanted to forget the olutch of those stiffening fingers and the glazed awful stare of the dead tyes through the water. " Let ub drop the subject," he said, gently. "It is not a pleasant one, and, as yon say. nothing matters Bince I am safe"—he added under his breath, "quite safe now." To be ootUinued.) 