A REAL SLICE 01 1VGE.I \- 9 TOLD BY AN EX-DETECTIVE. It was the height of the seasonatMiddlehamp- ton-on-Sea, when I found myself enjoying the blessings of a holiday. Weary in brain and body, 1 turned my back on the din and turmoil of London for a fortnight. As I sat in the train with my wife and family, I thought I had entered upon a new era of my life. F seemed to actually feel the weight of care and vexation rise from my shoulders ; for fourteen blissful days were my own, without the fear of being rung up at untimely hours. I had done for the nonce with stealing about dark and shadowy places in search of some miscreant, or, what is often just as tedious, tracking a thief in the guise of a gentleman from hotel to hotel. I remember on one occasion playing a game of hide-and-seek with one of this class, who led me a pretty dance. Wherever I put in an appearance, he had just disappeared, and never empty- handed ; but at last 1 ran him to earth at an hotel where a number of rich Americans were staying, and landed my fish, who gave in, like the common- bred article he was, the moment I hooked him. But thiB is passing. Everything had been arranged for our recep tion at Midd leharnpton-on- Sea . The landlady doubtless took me for a well-to-do clerk, or something of that sort, and 1 flattered myself that in my brand-new tweed suit and straw hat the last thing people would take me for was an officer connected with the detective depart ment. The tide of humanity seemed to me to be almost as wonderful as the tide of the ocean. There were, as a communicative beachman told me, 44 tons of visitors " present. They crowded the Esplanade ; they strolled and mooned about the High- street in hundreds, and pickled them- selves in the briny iu 6hoais. Being a sociable animal, I generally drop into the coffee-room of an hotel to enjoy a glass, a smoke, and a chat before going to bed, and in accordance with my custom, I strolled into the Norfolk, where I found a number of sea captains ashore, a few shipowners, and perhaps half a dozen local tradesmen, but no visitors. I felt disappointed, and thinking that I had hit upon the wrong place, emptied my glass, and was pre paring to go, when there lounged into the room a tall, gentlemanly man. He was well and neatly dressed, from his collar down to his faultless boots, which fitted him like a pair of gloves. There was about him the air of an independent man who was killing time, and found that even an exertion and a bore. His cheek-bones were a little too high, his mouth too large, and his eyes too close to each other for my liking ; but Nature turned us out of a variety of moulds, and the man we dislike at first sight often carries a heart as true and honest as sterling gold. i RECOGNISED THE CELEB HA" ED MB DE caux. It was evident that the new-comer was ex pected. The local tradesmen nudged each other, the shipowners ceased poring over the 44 Shipping Gazette," and the sea captains forgot to talk wind and weather. In a few minutes I gathered that the gentle man rejoiced in the aristocratic name of De Caux, and had been staying at the Norfolk for a week. He was an ingenious man, and had taken everybody into his confidence. Mr Rox, toe landlord of the hotel, bowed down before him, and the frequenters of the room hung on bis very words, and not without reason, for Mr De Caux had been everywhere and knew every body. He had hobnobbed with Ministers of toe Crown, and might have satin Parliament but for the fact that he had taken an oath not to meet a certain man ; and he had come to Middlehamp- ion-on-Sea for qaiet and rest before starting on along journey in his steam yacht, which, he stated, waB then under repairs. I listened in amazement, not so much that the man should talk in this strain, but that others who had travelled the world over Bhould believe cne-half what he said. The character was not new to me. I had met many such a fellow, who, finding himself unexpectedly in the possession of a few hundred pounds, seeks some out-of-the- way place to astonish toe natives and leave a record behind him. . The habitues of - the snug coffee-room treated me civilly enough, but in comparison to Mr De Caux I was a mere nonentity. By some means or other the conversation | turned upon banks and banking. Rox, the landlord, joined in, and declared it was a crying shame that the branch of the L 6 W should only bo open on Tuesdays and Saturdays. 44 1 get so sick of it, " he said, flourishing a long pipe, 44 that very often I don't trouble to bank for weeks, especially at the height of the season, when I can t call a moment my own until late in the evening. Just step round and see what my bars are like. You'll find 'em crammed with visitors, and I ought to be there now, but" — bowing deferentially to Mr De Caux — 44 since you have come among us, I can't resist the temptation of enjoying an hour in the society you have been good enough to give us." 41 Why don't you write to the directors of the bank and place your grievance before tbem ? " demanded the great De Caux. - 44 1 would. No j doubt, Mr Rox, you have often large sums of money in your house ?" 44 1 should think I have 1 Why, at the present moment—: — Good evening, Mr Treller. " Mr Treller was the superintendent of the police — a stout, burly man, blessed with a large bald head, staring eyes, and a painfully wheezy voice. j Mr De Caux shook him cordially by the hand, 1 changed chaiie bo that he might sit at Ms ride, and ordered Mr Rox to fill . „7 — , 1 thing which the 1 UcuUrfy partud to, for oa ita 1 he emptied the glue at a m ii« if8 ssiJJr 1 1 feat seed to quite a work of art, and the landfe® 3 < were again called into requSS" 2 -i Again the subject changed, and 5? numb€r of PoUceSim<i Middlehampton-on-Sea. With n it Mr Treller meant for . Wh enough to inform ne that the IN' considered four men sufficient to ?0ri% thousand souls while they walked slept in their beds. J 44 You see, » he add, in that awf. i „ his, 44 we are all honest here- 2>o( visitors,! hav'n't had a years. Occasionally we get a drunlS?6 ,(« lomst, but- bah !-that is nothing And so they talked and drank and i "P"1 Mr Box reluctantly t-.ldeftw? o clock had come, and that all but wf Tea the house must depart. I was the and as walked in the moonlight ings, I laughed at what I had seen and L Perhaps it was just as well that MrR , his customers were so simple-minded - v 8115 could not quite understand Mr SaDerinw 1 Treller, and I came to the concfitf Mr De Caux liked, he could have womS of him a good deal of information, WhU perhaps not exactly official, might «£? tremely useful to au unscrupulous mam Early next morning I met Mr De Cans. w. bathed from adjoining machines, and be tJL msing me, hoped that he would have theC of my company in the evening, which-savS honor— I stated he would undoubtedly have Now it was no buBinese of mine to mafc« eelf known to Mr Treller. Had I cboBU could have done so, but my mind waB not bent. Iu the first place, I was on leave, and a free lance, and, secondly, I was not convinJ that Treller— who was about as fit for his ml as a log of wood— would not hint mysterious!? at what I was, and render the remainder of m holidays extremely uncomfortable. For I must tell you that when a detective is at play there is as much difference in liim M Philip drunk and Philip sober. He drops 44 shop " as he drops a hot coal, and it is with a growing despair in his heart that he counts the days to the one when he must again pick up the thread which leads eo unfortunately to the dock and prison. The day paseed pleasently enough, and aftsr a late dinner (wo were quite genteel at Middle. hampton-on-Sea) I wandered about the esplan ade alone. The tide was out, and growing tired of gazir g at a mile or so of flat eand and sea- weed, it struck me that I should he wasting time in Beeing what the town away from the High-6treet was like. But for one thing I was not repaid for my trouble. The thoroughfares were narrow, and the dwellings mostly smsQ. The houses were full enough now. but I pictured to myself what ttey would be like in a few weeks' time, when sorrowing landladies _ the back kitchens listening to the howffit the wind as ifc swept the desolste s'.fcl8 wishing that it was always summer, anf" did not migrate with the regularity of e - An old sign etretching half a across o_ streets attracted my notice. Ths which it was attached had gablM, frowningly over likeh?avy eyebrows , ned. was arched, and let people should P® ted lessly by, the proprietor had caused I F on it the inscription, 44 Ihe Old At „ Good entertainment for man and cea- . I was pondering on the age and the house, when the curicus'y-t F" opened and a mau stepped 0Ter bis in spite of a soft felt hat pulled w eyes, I recognised the celobratfO Mr, Of course, he had as much right to interior of The Old White Bear et&re; at the exterior, yet it 5trocjL,t,aMdioBlfl strange that 60 distinguished a find his way there. , . swiff! He did not notice me, but w riras be towards the High -street, and no "tejry— or, out of sight than I stepped intethe h rather, I should eay , I fell m < j weat » that two steps had to be negotate , crash against the counter. . 4 4 Upon my word," I «d to g gdtf landlord, 44 1 ought to apologise y" Oh, " he replied, 44 we of thing. My only hope is that 5 fioo< hurt youreelf. I think I must have raised level with the road. l«og 44 And high time," I 0l6G,B 44 Well, thank goodness no haim draw me a good glass of ale, a » and forget that I have had a bha f,,. 44 Wont you walk mto the P dra the landlord. 44 You will find it W thaw Bitting here. " . _ entetia? „ I accepted his invitation, snJ o two®®?; room found myself in toe seo W ThemomentI appe wtoy j but before they had time to contijS 1 had taken Btck of them. st0 j tween them was g: JjLtfoo to bk set, with arms out of PrSurcd,aBdl ! the other was tall, slim, thin jAv bling in his gait. tbe landlord j 44 1 suppose ."sajd Ms toe „0t w, in the ale on a tray, t f ? ,,t! > troubled with visitore r „ h replied' j 44 Thev drop m and out, n phe J doirttah maeh 'j left are strangers to me. . andJ?T ',i on toe inhabitants my trad® don't make much di feUo J$ ;r; coming in, Is ' 1 him somewhere. t to 0 J 1 « Most hkely. „th to® ot j got into «onTM»«<» jj will do at the seaside. For my own part, yeopiow" my house, save on Sunday 5 rXn lWa stroll far my health's ! it is not likely that I take much notice , N Apie who come and go. " ...... Q' "Hk no mv ale and wandered back to the v of the town. What I hadseen set me Smelnbered what Mr Box, of the Norfolk, . gaid about keeping a great deal of money in house and I meditated on the popularity of JJ® ne Caux, who had set up his altar in the j!me' ing-room for the simple- minded people to K. 5K Sine," said I ; 44 this won't do. 1 jWn here to enjoy myself and mind my own hnei -oas. What an ass I am to fret and fume abov -t people I have never seen before ! It is noit( "within the bounds of possibility that I have bean spotted by a constable in private rW s so I will let Mr De Caux go his own Say. and I will go mine." It V as just nine o'clock when I approached the N orfoik- Sounds of hilarity floated from the Pen win0Tr' . Mr De Caux was telling one of his famous stories, and had 44 set the table on a roar." £lr Superintendent Trailer was in a painful state of mirth. Tears ran down his cheeks, bis fat sides shook, and every now and then he kicked spasmodically, as if he were going to have a fit. I assure you it is trae," said Mr De Caux. "I saw it with my own eyes. " A perfect shriek went up at this, and Mr Rox was so overcome that he bit off the end of his pipe and narrowly escaped swallowing it. I concluded that, ty being a little late, I had lost a good thing. Every body said so, too, and I had to be content with listening to the story second-hand. What it was about I forget now, save that it was as truthful as the punishment of the man in the moon for gathering sticks on Sunday. I pretended to laugh with the rest, and Mr De Caux was in such good humor that he insisted on the glasses being refilled, not only once, but twice and thrice. I regret to say that Mr Trellergot exceedingly mellow, and volunteered to sing a song, whereupon the landlord fled in disamay, and the rest of the company coughed behind their hands. As I was passing out, Mr De Caux stopped me in the doorway. " I have taken a fancy to you," he said. ''You have not said very much, but I know a man of the world when I see one. Now," he added, looking at me out of the corner of his eves, 44 1 should say that you either hold or did hold a commission in the army." "You flatter my appearance," I responded. "To the best of my knowledge, I have never dra vn a sword in my life. " " Then I am vastly mistaken. But surely you have been in some official capacity ?" " I am afraid I know more of pickles and jams than what you are talking about. " "I don't care what you are," he replied, pressing my hand warmly. 44 1 have taken a liking to you, and that is sufficient. Hang it, what does it signify how a man gets his living so long as he is a man r "Will you go for a drive with me in the morning ?" 44 With the greatest of pleasure," I said— and 1 meant it. Little did he or I think what sort of drive we were to take, and how advantageous it was to prove to one of us. That night I slept but little, and when I did my dreams were of such a troubled nature that in the morning I found myself, unrafreshed and With a singing in my ears which promised to develop into as nasty a headache as ever man was afflicted with. I don tknGw what possessed me, but as soon as I had gone through the farce of breaking my fast, I stepped over to the post-office, and wired the description of Mr De Caux to the chief then in charge of the 44 Yard." The clerk who took the message was visibly affected as he counted the number of words. The pencil jumped about the paper like the indicator of a telegraph instrument. "Ill attend to t his myself, ' ' he said. 4 4 Will you wait one minute, sir ? I should like to nave a word with you." Inafew minutes he returned, and leaning over the counter, said : Perhaps ycu don't know that a burglary jras commited at the Norfolk last night. The tineves broke open the safe, stole all the money, and tnen had the audacity to enter a gent-le ans bedroom, and not only walked off with watch and chain, but a Gladstone bag con- valuables to a considerable amount." course of training and experience had on me n.eTer betray astonishment, but for rf OCjasion I tiiink I must have done ao, colni?UaLmyae?f cIutcbing at the edge of the Idththeother?6 rubbing throafc t e11' send tbe reply On « riolk. I will go there at once." CauTonlc. doorstep stood poor Mr Rox, De aad Superintendent Trailer. tfirfernlaSas Pa4eas. a ghost, Trailer looked CacT 4L Pe.y perspiration, and De %le. aymg down the law in no measured inff,«T jbl?gtkisi8 forme!" he was say- ihe'tWc k 1 Pre 80 much about the value of There »»» n )utthey were nearly all heirlooms. Parted JStvSmn"r-ing wbicil I would not Why the twice a hundred pounds. Upon Her j8' ,. 6 added» turning furiously fitted ffnv B\ ou have your side windows Ad? by with aPa«y- Mr R back such a fastening." failed silent. Speech had almost burglar had f V discovery of his loss. The er th atvu. red the house by a window me % Sa5r> and storing the office, had taking sweep of everything worth The eafa | ygUrs but liJ v? one> he3 g11 the fiaudred pound! S v ' and a tfie over two waffi8 had, been extracted. red to be e0mle83 D® Caux aP" TK" said T ulth grief aud rage- I k!!0atoyBienTrn W-?mes f carrying my ' Sffore the Iesnlt of talking I Myself " Oh, the fool I have made of I ?6 teicgraph boy, and met I 5, 6 cutents of ttar tbe bufi cover and I msssaSe was but the I detain him." I tolled calmly K a3r of a "nrmni myr+ Pcket8, and hum- I aehithednn UI1Q Trailer now I ha doorwa3> d I beckoned to I or anybody,' I Scouring Kf y aon ' bother me. My 1 am I " Vou V, yU the trouble hy doing so," I face' aad h6 I " £ K08t yoSr hut I think I ' to? a!4le%Pair of handcuff I reason for - : 1 have more I aad I havB g here. My I ftve been connected wifii yelra!"CHVe dei,artcient fo wore than twenty; iJfr«Uer - ra?yes» tie actually ran— for »nZ? time in the memory of lining man. rradesmen rushed to their shop-doors and watched him m open-mouthed amazement, and the wag of the place promptly put it about that the superintendent had started training for thne8? 01 advertised to take place in a week's I entered the hotel, and fonnd De Caux in earnest conversation with the landlord. I consider," said the former, 44 that you have been greatly to blame, and it will be my anty to bring an action against you. Under the circumstances, it would be idle of me to stay here, so I will go to jLondon, nd return m a few days.'" 44 Business calls me to town," I remarked, bo perhaps yon will not mind travelling with I Btepped in to sympathise with you " , . y don't," De Caux interposed, waving hand. 44 Well, well! Excuse mv brusque- ness, but you cannot tell how upset I am." J ust then Superintendent Trailer came back. He was melting like butter in the sun. I gave tom a look to keep silence, as I wanted to give ; De Caux time to pack up the rest of his belong- mge. _ The moment he went up stairs I drew the superintendent aside. 44 1 have altered my mind," I said, 44 At present I have no real clue to who the man is, so I intend to shadow him in the hope of drop ping on his companions with the 8 wag. Give me the handcuffs, aud wire to Horsford for a constable to meet me at the statiOD in case I should need his assistance." .The superintendent made no demur. After his unwonted exertions he was in a kind of dreamy state, and could only hope that I would be successful. Half an hour later De Caux aud I were on our way to London. At the terminus we parted, but not for long. No sooner was he in one hansom than I was in another. The driver knew me, and took the hint at once when I said 44 Follow." For the best part of an hour we rattled through the streets of London, until the hansom containing De Caux bowled into a road flanked with neat villas and came to a stop. 44 Pull round sharp," I Bald, pushing up the trap; 44 1 have seen enough. Now drive me to H street station." A dozen words with the Inspector on duty put half that number of men in private clothes under my direction. De Caux, or whatever was really his name, was now as safe as if held in a vice with a giant at the handle. All day he lay quiet, as he did in the evening. About ten o'clock a girl dressed as a servant out for the evening left the house. She was fol lowed by a 41 shadow," who reported that Bhe had left a note at a house in S street, and had then taken a tramcar for the northern part of Loudon. Opposite Mr De Caux's villa was an empty house, and there I and my assistants watched and waited. Midnight came, and then out went the lights on the other side. I had begun to think that nothing would come of our patience, when the sound of wheels broke upon my ears. A four- wheeled cab came jolting along, and to my great joy stopped at the suspected house. Two men stepped out. One carried a parcel and the other a Gladstone bag. They went boldly up to the door and knocked, and at the moment it was opened I and iny men darted across the road. Blows, curses, and a good deal of struggling followed, but the fight ended entirely in our favor, and I had the satisfaction of escorting the famed De Caux and the two men I had met at the old White Bear to the station. The 44 swag " was almost intact, and the des pair of the prisoners unique. I need not enlarge on what followed, but explain briefly that De Caux, whose name afterwards transpired to be a very common one indeed, was nothing more nor less than the pioneer of a clever gang of burglars. The 44 put up" job at Middlehampton- on- Sea was one of the cleverest 1 had ever to deal with. De Caux, as I will call him, let the burglars in, and while they were at work went calmly back to bed. To keep up the part he was playing, his accomplices walked off with his watch and chain and Gladstone bag, which, however, did not contain a valuable mourning ring, or anything of value. Mr Rox got the most part of his money back, and spent a portion of it in having his windows better protected, and I don't mind saying that he did not forget your humble Bervant. It was, indeed, a real slice of luck all round, save to poor Trailer. - That unhappy man never got over how he had been taken in. The notion that h9 had hobnodded and made friends with a notorious rascal was more than he could stand, and after ashcrttimehe 44 handed his papers in "and retired. It was time he did so ; but, if I am not mistaken, so far as sharpness goes, I fear that the race nf Trfillfcr is nnfc rut Avfinnf .l. 44 Weekly Budget." 