OUTLAW AND LAWMAKER. By MRS. CAMPBELL PR A ED, Author of 'The Head Station,' 'The Bond of Wedlock,' 'Tbe Brother of the Shadow,' 'Passion and Policy,' 'Nadine,' 'An Australian Heroine,' and joint author with Mr. Justin McCarthy of 'The Ladies Gallery,' ' The Right Honorable,' &c; (Published by special amngement with the author. All righta reserved ] CnArTER XXXVI.— 'Who Knows that the Would May End To-mcht !' The biackboy's horse was restive and had never carried a lady. There was nobbing for it but that Elsie should be placed on Abatos in front of Blake. The girl's heart throbbed with a secret and guilty joy as he lifted her up and held her close to him, keepiDg her firm on the saddle. Abatos eeamed almost to relish the burden, so springily did he step forth. They had nearly reached the border of the scrub when the accident happened. Before long there was a breath of wind, the trees widened, and pre sently they were in the open again at a point somewhat below that of the camp from which they had started for the falls. The great mountains rose in their solemn grandeur, and tbe outline of ridge aud gully became dis tinct. Wbat a night it wa?, so still but for that faint breeze which made a mysterious murmur in the gum trees ; tbe stars glittering and the moon showing a pale milky radiance. There were more sounds here; the dingoes were nearer and more distinct in the river bed, and by the lagoons there was the noise of wild duck swishing the reeds and of the sweet plaintive cry of the curlew echoed from the swamps. No need now for Jack Nutty 'e pilotage. Blake touched Abatos with the spur, leaving the blackboy with Elsie's lame horce far behind. They had reached a flat, one of those level tracts by tbe creek bank and Abatos flew over it as lightly as a bird, iilake held Llsie closer, her head was against his shoulder, her heart beating with hie, she could hear hi3 breath come and ro quickly. ' Who knows that the world may end to night?' he whispered. 'Let us be happy, Elsie, for once ; for the last and only time.' And holding her so, as they sped along he raade many etrange confidences. He told her of his wild moods of excitement, during which he was scarcely conscious of anything except the overmastering need of some engrossing action, told her of how be had embarked on his reckless career, of the discovery and planning of their hiding-place, of tbe extraordinary success which had attended the first of the Moonlight escapade?, of the manner in which he had_ secured hisarmor.andofhowhehadfjrst ?worn it in the desert, of the woman who had followed .him in tfce East, of his curious alliance with Traut, unbroken in harmony till E!sie had come bsfciveen them, of their joint devotion to the cause of Ireland — of the fund to which their uuholy gains were mostly devoted ; and the Eeeret society to which they owed their allegiance. ' Trar.t has feathered his nest and eo has Sam Shehan, probably,' Blake said ; ' but I have laid by nothing, Elsie, and so far my hands are free from the spending of ill-gotten gold.' It seemed to Elsie like some wonderful tale of romance. He described the fascination of the double life, the piquancy of dramatic con trast between the outlaw and the lawmaker — Blake, the colonial secretary ; and Blake, the bushranger. He told her of his Kalloosthroueh the gorges and the labyrinth of scrub in which he had worked off the fever of his blood ; of the mad feats of courage; the fights with the gold escort; the dashes back to their mountain hiding-place and return to decorous existence again. 'And oddly enough, Elsie,' he said, ' I don't regret what I did except for you and for one other thing, which may perhaps seem to you an absurd distinction in morals, that is the robbery of Lady Waveryng's diamonds. I suppose tbat ethically speaking there ia not much difference between robbing a gold escort or a bank or even Peter Duncan, the miser millionaire, and stealing the diamonds of a person who can well afford to lose them, and whose family have for generations been the oppressors of Ireland ; but it is the truth that I yielded verj' reluctantly in that business, and that I would give my right hand to be able to return Lady Waveryng her diamonds.' ' Cannot that be done?' Elsie asked. ' I am afraid not. Trant took them to Sydney and put them, or such part as he thought fit, in the bands of our agent there, who would take means to transmit them to their destination. I have no doubt, as I said,' that Trant feathered bis own nest well. I was too sick and disgusted with the whole affair to care once the thing was done. That's the one act in Moonlight's career which seems some how a blot on my honor. The gold was earth's bounty and it is only fair that some of it should go to rearess Ireland's wrongs ; and Peter Dun can had been notoriously a screw to the Irish settler and was [an avowed hater of the Irish. He deserved to be bled. Slaney deserved it too, but Slaney was true to his word. He had rue in bis grip and forebore. Oh, Elsie, do you know that I never enjoyed anything more in my life than that walking into the bank with the almost certainty of being arrested. It was a throw of the dice, liberty the stake.' And then he told her of how his love for her had grown and grown; how at first he had begun bis flirtation, believing her to hs heart less and deserving of no quarter, and how he had gradually become caught in her toils and had struggled against her influence, at first from mere pride, and later out of love and consideration for her. 'Till I knew that you were securely pledged to Frank Hallett, and that night I let myself go,:- he said. ' I had let myself go once before, but I wanted you to believe that that was only to show my mastery.' ' And how is it to end ?' she said suddenly. ' To end ?' he repeated. ' Moonlight's race is run. There will never ba another Moon light robbery in Leiehardt's Land. Years and years hence the cave will be discovered and people will wonder who used it. Everything is settled. Trant goes to Europe next mail.' ' He wanted to take me with him,' said Elsie. Blake kiesed her in a passionate impulse. ' Oh ! thank heaven that you were saved from that— though I don't think he would have carried his purpose, my dear ; you have too much pluck. You would have got away from him somehow.' 'Yes,' said Elsie. 'I should have got away. I had made up my mind. I resolved that I would appear to yield and that if the worst came to the worst I would kill myself on my wedding-day. Are you not afraid of him?' she asked suddenly. 'Don't think me con ceited, but he must have cared for me in a wild desperate way to have planned and managed all tbat scheme of carrvine me olf. I think fin would stop at nothing. He is dangerous and revengeful. He is capable of betraying you for having foiled his purpose.' 'You forget,' said Blake, ' that in betray ing me he would be betraying himself — not only to the authorities here, but what is far more terrible, to the society, who would avenge me. No, my darling, don'e think any more of that. Trant will go as he had settled. Sam Shehan wants to try ranching in America ; and as for the half-castes, they don't count.' 'And youV asked Elsie. 'I have not decided anything yet,' he said, 'except that my career is ended in Leiehardt's Land. I cannot stay here and riek exposure as Moonlight. My purpose is accomplished. I have done my country some service. I shall go now and fight for it, in another way and another place. And do you think,' he added vehemently, 'that after this night I could meet you as Frank Hallott's wife?'' She was silent. She knew that ehe should never be Frank Hallet's wife, but she would not tell him this now. The tiret faint greyness of early morning was paling the stars. They were riding along comparatively easy country. Bkirting the Luya on the road from Barolin Gorge to the DelL In a little time they would have reached the crossing. Elsie asked about her sister. Her heart smote her for having forgotten her. 'She is at the Dell,' he said. 'They buried Lord Horace in the graveyard at Tuni aba, and Lady Horace and the Waveryngs went back to the Dell alter the funeral. Poor Lady Horace bore her loss with a curious com posure. She eeemed far more distressed and broken by her uncertainty about you. But she said she was convinced you were not dead. She bad an extraordinary intuition that Trant had you somewhere in hiding and ehe had a belief that I should find you. She will not be surprised when ehe sees us this morning. Tell her the truth, Eteie, if you please. I mean the truth about your abduction, but keep the secret of Moonlight's lair. But if you take my advice, you will let the rest of the world believe that you and Trant 'got lost in the mountains and that it was only by chance I discovered you.' 'I will let all the world, including Ina, think eo,' Elsie answered. 'My poor Ina! She will have no heart for such things. Tell me,' ehe went on hesitatingly, **was there any trouble about Mrs. Allanby !' ' Ah ! I «ee that you know of poor Horace's infatuation ; id was very patent to other people. I believe there wsb eome sort of scene, bub that-^| was kr-pt from your sister. Lady Waveryng nas behaved like an aneel and a woman of the world in one. It was extraordinary the way ehe watched over both Mrs. Allanby and Lady Horace, keeping them apart and arranging for Mrs. Allanby to be taken to Leiuhardt'a Town without any uuspioion. She was like a sister to that un fortunate woman, from whom it might be supposed that she would naturally shrink as if she were poison. But noblesse oUigf,' he added with a langh. ' Race tellf-, after all. Lady Waveryng never seemed to think of her own grief and it is certain that aho was devoted to Lord Horace ' j ' Yea, Lady Waveryng is good,' Baid Elsie. ' I am glad that Ina has got her now.' It was strange, now thai the novelty of the situation had worn off a little how quietly and comirosedly they talked. Blake .gave no hope, no hint of union. They might have been part ing with a scaffold before one of them, for all the hoping or planning there was in their talk about the future. But notwithstanding the gloom and tragedy which ' surrounded their lives — the terrible discovery that had come upon her, the utter hopelessness of any happi ness before them, this early morning on which she rode clasped in his arms seemed the open ing of a new life for Elsie. Her whole being was filled with a curious calm certainty. She knew the worst. She knew his crime, she knew the bar between them. But she knew also that he loved her supremely, she knew that in life or in death she must belong to this man and no other. Her mind was made up, her course was clear. The east was aglow when they reached the crossing and the birds had begun to twitter and the cockatoos to chatter. It was a strange wonderful world bathed in dew and suffused with the radiance of sunrise. Blake dismounted. He had reluctantly unfolded his arms from Elsie's form. Their kiss had a great solemnity, as was fitting after this most sad yet sweetest night in the lives of either. Blake settled Elsie on the saddle and walked beside her, holding the rein. Abatos was very quiet and as if in sympathy rubbed his sleek beautiful head against his master's shoulder. .fcilsie stopped and kissed the creature's shining mane. 'Dear Abatos,' she said. 'Do you remember,' she added turning to Blake, 'how I once wished that Moonlight might carry me off on Abatos ? I have had iny wish.' 'Not quite,' he answered. 'I am bring ing you home. You don't know the mad longing that seized me last night as we rode together— the longing that it might be to some \- far-off place, where we should be together to our lives' end.' 'Why did you not take me?' she mur mured. 'Because I love you, Elsie, too well to sacrifice your life to mine.' 'And if I asked you to take me?' she said. 'If you asked me I should say no— I should say go and marry the man who 13 more worthy of you than I.' ' And if I told you that I coald never marry that man — never, never, that I should feel it a crime to marry him when my heart and soul belonged to you ?' 'Then I would say 'Go back, Elsie, and wait a year, two years, till you are sure of yourself — till I have made a new life and anew homo away from the shadow of old sin and sorrow and disgrace. I ehould say give your self the chance of repenting ? ' ' And if I gave myself the chance, and if I did not repent, but longed more ardently than now that 1 might make your happiness as you would make mine, what then ?'* 'Then I would take you in my arms and bid you never leave them more.' They crossed the river silently and he led her to the house. No one was stirring. He lifttd her down at the log steps of the veran dah. A kangaroo hound barked and presently a sleepy islander came slouching out of the back premises. Blake took Elsie's hand. ' I will leave you now and ride back to BanMin. I am to be there for a week, making final arrangements. If you wish to communi cate with me that address would find me at once. But we Dart. Elsie, for evfsr ?' 'Do we part?' she cried with a wild, half tearful laugh. ' I will write to you. We shall see.' 'Good-bye,' he said, afraid of her weak ness, tearing himself away lest his presence should influence her against what was best for her future. 'Good-bye, my dear love. God btass and keep you.' He mounted Abatos and rode away. Efaie went straight to Ina's room. Ina wa3 wide awake. It had not occurred to Elsie that her unexpected appearance might give her sister a shock which might ba hurtfuL Ina gazed at her first as though she were a ghost Poor Ina had the look of one who had become used lately to seeing ghosts. She said not one word, did not utter a cry. 'Ina,' said Elsie, going to the bed and taking the young widow in her arms. ' Oh, my poor Ina ; my darling Ina ; I have come back again. I am quite safe. I have come baok to be with you in your trouble.' ' I knew that you were not dead,' Ina said, in an odd dulled voice. ' I knew that God would not be bo cruel as to take you from me. Iknew that you would have come to me if youhad been dead. Horace has come to me often. We have talked together. He has told me— we have forgiven each other everything.' 'Oh, my dearest Ina, he had nothing to forgive you.' ' You don't know. Oh, wasn't it sad about poor Horace?' Ina went on quite calmly. ' Mr. Blake has told you, I suppose, Elsie, all that ha3 happened.' 'Yes, I knew all tbat happened. My heart ached for you, Ina.' ': But it was much best that God should have taken him,' Ina went on. ' Horace feels that now. It was euch a bright joyous life, Elsie — that's what makes it seem so hard and he cared so for the things of life— poor Horace. But God will remember all that and we doD't kiow what the other life is like,- dear. I think it must be like this one, only without the sin. Horace was taken away just in time to save him from sin. I told her that. I told her I was glad and I think she understood. Poor woman, I was sorry for her. It was harder tor ner ttian tor me. Elsie listened in silent wonder. It seemed a relief to Ina to go on. 'Yes, it was much best so. It wasn't her fault, and it wasn't his. If I had loved him he taight have cared for me, That was the wrong from the beginning. He had a loving nature, poor Horace. People cannot help carinpr for one person more than for another, Elsie. They ought not to be judged hardly. The sin is in marrying one person when you love another. You may think you will get over it, but you never do— you never do. It is always a canker in the heart.' And now Elsie knew what Ina had done for her. She had vaguely suspected it as a possi bility, but she had not allowed herself to think of it as a fact. 'Elsie,' Ina said suddenly, ' I have learned a good deal while I have been sitting quiet here since Horace died. I have been wronpr — wrong from the beginning. There is no use ever in trying to go against nature and one's heart. I was wrong in helping to persuade you to mwy Frank. You don't love nim, yon love Mr. Blake ; and Mr. Blake loves you. I saw that vary well when he talked to me after you were lost. I knew that he would find you. Love always finds the way to tbe one that is dearest1. Elsie, don't marry Frank if ' you love Mr. Blake. Only harm will come of it ; and God may not be merciful and take him away as he took Horace. But I ought not to tell you now; you won' o understand.' And the poor thing burst for the first time iuto hysterical sobbmtr. 'Yes, I do understand,' Elsie Baid, taking Id a in her arms and soothing her like a child. ' I understand everything, Ina. I made up my mind last night, dear, last night when wa rodo together, and it was all so sad and solemn ; don't ask me about id. I can never ejieak of it as it really was to anybody in tbe world ; but I knew that he loved me, and I knew that I would rather die than bo any other man's wife. I have been a vain thought less girl all my life, and I never knew what love meant,, the sacrednc-ss and the wonder and mystery of it, and how it is the one thing in the world that carries next to God and heaven. But I kcow now, and I know what you feel — that it is a crime, when we know, to niarry without love. I don't love Frank, be in no more than a brother to me. And I do love Morres Blake with all my soul. We shall never marry, perhaps— I don't know, not for a long time, if ever ; but if I do not marry him i will die without having 'been tho wife 'of any other man. I atn going to tell Frank that, Ina, as soon as I can see him.;- ' He ia here,' said Ina. ' Ho came very late last nieht. He was worn out. He has been eearchinR for you through the scrub and the gorges. I told him that Mr. Blake had gone to look for you and it seemed to re lieve him. He had a feeling like me that Mr. Blake would find you. But oh ! Elsie, I never noticed before how pale you are— how different. My dear, have you been wandering all this time — did you have food to eat? How did you lose yourself ? Where is Mr. Trant ?'' 'He— he had an accident,' Elsie said. 'Sheban is with him. Don't ask me about him. Ina, try and keep them from asking too many questions. Some day I will tell you all about it, but not now. You're not fit for iD, nor am I. The very thought of it makes me shudder.' 'Did he lose you on purpose then?' said Ina. 'I hated that man. He wanted to marry you, Elsie. He loved you in a wrong way. Where were you all this lime?' 'We are in a cave in the mountains. I was quite safe. We lost ouraelvec Mr. Trant did not behave badly on the whole, Ina. Its wasn t his fault, perhaps. Oh, is nothing anybody's fault?' she cried and became hysterical with fatigue and excitement. Lady Wavetyng came in just at the right time and forebore at Ina's request to worry Elsie with questions, but like the tender practical lady she was took Elsie to her room, and a bath and hot coffee and Miss Briggs's ministrations, and then when she had seen that Eleie was all right and had eaid a few re assuring woids about Inaand spoken with tears of Horace and her own love and regret for him, and intention tbat Ina should henceforth take his place in her heart, Lady Waveryng wnnt to tell her lord the good news of Elsie'ti return, and to see that Frank Hallett was likewise in formed. Lady Waveryng was the stay of everybody in those days, shrewd, practical, dignified, and . full of womanly sympathy, which she con tinued to manifest in the course of that miserable episode of Mrs. Allanby. Later on, when the wcy was smoothed for her return to social life. Mrs. Allanby had cause to bless ' ' Em ' Waveryng. {To be continued ) 