A FRIENDLY SERVICE. From Ida Seymour to Grace 1 Russell. Villa Bellinn, Nice, 1st Juno. ?"GRACE, my dearest, deartstfrierid, I am ' vJ? half wild. To you only can .1 reveal my sorrow, my faithful one. . My misery is complete. A cruel and unaxpeqtedblow has fallen on me. Listen: You know that I have, been staying here for : the past week . with mother, the doctors having ordered her" South at a day's notice.. I could, liot find it n'my. heart to ask my husband to accom pany . us, just as the London 'Season, had- commeneed, and it . is impossible to i rejoin ; him before the end of the-month. . \- Yesterday the English ppst brought! m.o — I 1 guess what 1 ' An anpnymoUs letter, Written ' in an' : unknown, ' and manifestly disguised , band, . informing : me, that my Husband is earring en an intrigue with Mrs. St; George ; —that tall, stout, woman with reddish hair, - and a deservedly bad; reputation; -' You' must know hor : one meets lier everywhere., ' I am jealous, you well know, but lbflieve this:- person to be dangerous. , Somehow, ,all tne men admire her, but 1 think bier absolutely horrible. I. am informed, 'that' she— wqs vert/ intimate t with George before our marriage,' and, tjiab'-"npw the' intimacy y is resumed. What to' i ah 1 know not, 'but 1.' feel persuaded thit-. you will advise me wisely and well." 'You :hre so clever, . At this time all London is "'about, ' and one meets -everyone. You are. certain to tee him and perhaps her also., Wit'tch, . observe, and tell me what you see. My:' dearest Grace, remember your friend is ; tortured with cruel doubts, - which she desires to dispel,' that uncertainty is killing her, and that she prefers the truth' at 'all cost, hitter though .it may be. ' Reply at once — watch closely. Think of mo, dearest ; Grace; for you, my mother, and my child „ are alii have in tho world to love.—Yoursj for ever, Ida. " Grace R.usskll to Ida SeymouiL . . 1000, Half-Mobn-s.treeli, Piccadilly. 4th June. You are mad, my . poor friend, absolutely stark, atarin" 'mad 1 .Take' heart,' and ,. be : reasonable. You have received an anony mous letter from some spiteful, jealous woman ; for such epistles always come.from women. . An anonymous letter I ;' Whoever ; pays the slightest attention to such a. thing ? Burn it ! Burn it 1 If you only knew how ninny I received in the lifctimeof Mr. Rusijcll —but I never took the least heed of, them. Nevertheless- they sometimes spoke: the . truth— but peace to bis memory.- As . you have often- observed, I ani happily indepen dent and still young— only 32 a! few days ago. You are by .five years.- my, jp.hior. Follow my example— don't wbrry yourself away with trouble; .. But, to return to your- letter— well, it would give me the greatest satisfaction to destroy it, and think no more of it. -,. You have a husband who loves you, of this I have no doubt. You are a happy woman to be so loved. Your husband is wealthy and generous— you have a lovely child ; in fact you possess everything a woman could desire. But you are jealous. - Do not deceive yourself. -- Even admitting that there -is some truth - in the letter, is it not bettor that you should close your eyes to it ? I can see you1 jump off your chair asyou read these words."- My, dear, I have, had -more experience .of the, world than you. Notwithstanding the fact' that I had libtle depth of affection, for my late , husband, I suffered in feeling that I was deceived. It wounded my amour propro. What can we poor women do in such a case ? Hold our tongues, thats is all. You complain t-HatMrs. St. George is dangerous, and that her Repu tation is faulty. ' Well, so much the better, for I am persuaded that your husband, is purest heart, and if he have any stupid fancy for this .woman, it isonly.a pasaing, one- . ' v Now rsujeiy- you' See clearly'' there "is no serious cause -foif anxiety.' As! to myself, it is' hardly necessary tn'assure you that there is nothing! would not do for you ; and- if you ihsistj although it is repugnant to me to play the part of a spy, I will do what' you - wish. . But you will not insist, I feel. .Cer tain.— Your old and sensible friend, Grace. .Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 8th; June; Certainly I insist, and that notwithstand ing your advice. Be frank with me at once ; pnd if I ask. too much in expecting this service from you, 1 taust be released from rhis state of uncer tainty. I must know all. I believed that I could havo counted on you, as you could; on me in a -similar circumstance. Temo it appears that true friendship has no seruples, anu never, hesitates ts render a service to - loved one. ' ' ' ' But perhaps I am wrong.: your reply will prpvotnis.— With fondest .love,' . " Ida. From Grace Russell to Ida' Seykoub. -.Lbndonj.l2th June. \- Your, letter woundpd me .deeply, Ida. You believed that my friendship faltered, when it was my reason which hesitated. -rSut, since you persist, notwithstanding all I -bave said. to, dissuade you; and since you question my affection for you, I no , longer .'hesitate.- You cancount on me— I have sharp \- eyes, and will do all' that it possible to find 1 out whether your fears have.any foundation. Now we understand one anothor. I thought of you only ; and if . anything disagreeable happens, yen will have no right' to reproach \- ma. ./ Come what may, believe always in the friendship and affection of your faithful and devoted friend,' " Grace. . P.S.— On Thursday: night . Mrs. Letlie receives. Your husband is pretty certain to fan there, and perhaps the lady also, ;;I know she goes- there frequently'.'' Ishall be there. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell; , ; Nice, 16th June.' | ' Thahlts — my darling "Grace, thanks. Pardon me..- :' I was, indeed, hasty ' and \- unjust ; but I was suffering horribly. .You are .so good— bo affectionate— I am/sure you ' will forgive, me. . -. ' What. I have gone through' during the -past fear Hays !' Yes; you are right. am ' jealous. ' For-a long;, time-past I believed '-.myself safe from any vlolent'I'eentiment'j and then; .besides,- a' jealous person is'always ridiculous. ; At' this,, moment y'oii nfuat. be . about, '.to' atart for Mrs;'L'eslie's as ye'ii pro- ,'mised.: >l)eiir .friend; l' " Now 'that y op .have : .consented: to da what I< wish, ;! fee! almost 'aohatoed of niy 'requeat.' '-But,' be-'assnred, whatevek comes,- and no: triatter wliat ycu \- may communicate to' mel ah'all not be'angry '.with you, .. To! dose would, be nothing, more'- or' less than ' infamous. ' No ; we ohftll bo- faster friends tiianeve'r. " Half-past' teii, , '' Now,"ypu "mu'st'- be at / . Mrs. LeclieVsurely ! . What will you';' dls- cover ?-: Msrcifu! .powers, How l, tremble ! Tbcnks,' again anu again, my 'arling'Graco. ' ' -:Your t:rno friend," - ' ; , jIp;V . '' ; j ; Telegram, ' . ' ;:'.To' -Ida BeymourV —The ' p:jh;j-hot.'ab . Leslie's last night.,: . George ulone. Spake ko hiin. , Tried to get something from hjm. Impenetrable.' ' Hepe.nettuhE true. Love.— : sraok. ' Telegram. To Grace Russell.— Thanks for message: Coutlmi? your 'obserrations. . Send pews by telegram. .More rapid. Wrlte only-to give \- particulars. Fondest love. — Ida. Telegram. To Ida Seymour.— Nothing jiew-. !To-dn.f lb private view Water-colours. Saw her. (ieoigo not tlicre. Going away to-morrow.— Grace. Telegram. , ' To Ida Sevmour, — At Academy. Saw George, but not fcho person. — Grace. Telegram. ToIda SnYiiocr..— Garden party at Rich mond. Saw Goorgo.arul the person togorher. Letter follow.— Grace. Grace Resell to Ida Seymour. London, 17tli Juno. Only two words to confirm and explain the toicgiam 1 eeiit you ten minutes p.o. "Yes, I' have .'ren George and Mvef 'St. ' - GMrSt t»a?U\et> ..Vstv . - >H.4?sai9.. «hc looked, too, notwithstanding hor 40 years. Yourliusband did not appear until rather late, and the moment, he saw hor ho joined her, Ho remained at her side until the party broke up. I never lost sight of that bonnet with the yellow ostrich tips for a moment-. I really believe . there is nothing serious between them. At all events, were I in your , place, this prolonged conversation in publio i Would reassure me. When there is anything 'between two persons they do-not speak muoh before others. I will continue tny observa tions.— All my love, and, .believe me, over yours, , ' v Grace. Ida Seymour to Grace RUssei,!,. . , Nice, 20th. June. ! Do nob be discouraged, my dearest. dearcst Grace. l ido itot- .believe the /meeting at Richmond was '.accidental. A " George has always'' Objected ' to ""accompany we . to garden; .'.parties—said; they. bored him ineffably." . Continue your mission- Courage ously, and -tell nie; all— evem"-. though >ib" should, break my "heart, I ' must , know' alk . Oh,, that odious woman St." Geqrge ! : How J. lfate her!! ; - And "my husband — well, if "ray doubte'are justified, ! shall hate him also, and T Will never, never pardon hltn.— I send yoif fondest love. : ; " ' ;; Id'a., : ' Telegram.. .. . . To.Ida Seymour. —Met both at privata ' view British Artists.' Have bad nedris.' Don't | be too'anxious. : Nsbhing' pbattlVc, .nbtKihg really -:'aeri«MV:',-;y>>;pom<a'f--syis$tra« Tetter follows.— Qraoe. y " -;;'1 . t ; ' .eaoe russell.:to lda seymour," ' ' "j -London, 2itli June.: 'ymy poor. darling Ida; I have just! returned from -the private, view; of British' Artists. The exhibition Is a remarkable ' one this ;year, and I'w'as'.lost'in iidmiration of a lovely study of a hea'd. when your husband, accom panied by tlie'ladyiin question; passed in front of me: obstructing' my view '; hi looking .as elegant as usual, she simply dressed and wearing ayellow bonnet!" Hew the .woman adores yeflow ! The moment' your husband saw me he. left hor and came ; to spea)c tei me. He was most gracious, and i not in the least' put out. He gave me' news : of you, and complained ef tne scarcity of your letters, and told me that in his next he would tell you he had seon me." It was : comical, and I could have laughed had ! not thought. of your present state of anxiety. Meanwhile, the lady pretouded to be inter ested in. the pictures. < Two or three times, however, she glanced furtively at me. George said good-bye, .and off- they went together. I seated myself, and watched them as they passed round the room ; hut at length, fearing I might arouse suspicion, I th'ought it prudent to go, bub wished above all things to see their parting. There is so muoliin tho way .people greet one another and say farewell,' eeptdally the -latter. I left the place, and turned into a" hall door in Suifolk-streeb, next to the Gallery. Right in front of . me stood a brougham, which, from' the- somewhat untidy appear- anco of tho servants, I judged to belong to Mrs. St. George. I had -not- long to wait They both came out, your husband accompanying the lady to her carriage. The i footman opened the door, closed it, and , moved 'away. , .. : ! Up to this point, you see, there was noth ing to find fault with. But whilst the foot- 1 man wout behind the carriage to get to his placo on the box, Mrs. St. George said a. few words rapidly : ' " To-morrow night- Lyceum— Box A." At the same instant tho coachman whipped up thb horses and- drove away, Your ..husband looked after it for a -second or so, lighted a cigarette, and went \- off in the direction of Piccadilly; and I drove ; to my dressmaker in Bond.streob. Here, my darling Ida, is what happened. I-assure you it grieves me intensely to toll ; you all this, but I must . remind you that you wished it. This .is now. the oritical ; 1 moment ;yeu still have time to reflect, Will you stOD here, or do you wish me to go to the Lyceum on Thursday ? Reply by telegram as soon as you receive thie, and I 'will obey.— With fond -love, ever your devoted ' " - „ " ' Grace". : . - : Telegram. ' To Grace Russell.— Go to Lyceum. If you do not, I will never forgive you.- — ida. Gback Russell to Ida Seymour. " London, 26th June, 3 o'clock a.m. Courage, Ida dearest ; I am obliged to do 1 that which is cruel. I was at the Lyceum to-night, as you wished, in the back of a'box facing Box- A. 'I arrived as the curtain rose; and just as tho gho.st of Fabian appeared to his brother, Mrs. George entered the box, followed by your husband. . > -. She seated' herself at the front,' shading herself with an enormous fan. He seated himself .behind her. - There was no one else I'in the box. .The play over they rose to go. I lost them in the crowd; of oourse; but I "was not to be beaten, sol popped into a hansom and drove to her house, just to see if be would accompany her houic. Tv luy great- relief she was alone ; and I was just ".about to give orders to t|ie driver/ to take me home, when another hansom stopped at I her door; and from it George emerged, and entered that fatal house. Hoping he. would : come out every moment, I remained' on the watch until two this morning; but when I left ho was still, there. . Now,- 1 ; have -accomplished the mission . which you entrusted to me faithfully. It has turned but badly, but I do not complain if I.have given you a new proof of the deep . affeobion I-bave for you. , Graok. I Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 30th June. . .Thanks, my dearest ; oh, thanks ! You , have indeed proved. -your friendship. I will i never'forgiv'e him— a man whom I adored— whom I married in opposition to the" wishes of all my .relations ; to whoni' I. 'gave my ' whole' life. . : . The horrible wretch I I tolsgrapbod to him bo come to Nice instantly, : without'saylng why. ' VVhsn he arrives I will, tell him all (without compromising you, . however,' my dearest Grace);' I will fling my reproao-'tes in his face; Whatever may be ' his' reply, I have decided on 'my course, where can never , again be anything in common between this man and me. If the law be insufficient to' protect me, I know . bow to ceparate' thyself fob over froto such . an hateful being. .. As for you, my darling friend, rhevor can be auffiq|ently grateful. ' You ara tho'best, the most noble of women. \- Weep for mo, and love me' as I love you.. : < Grace Russell th Ida Seymour. . ' J. lltb. August.,, Fpreigbt.days, deafest,: not a' line from, you., i , am most anxious.- - What has '' liappenetl ? Yout husband left suddenly for Nee they informed meat your house when I'called; to-day to make inquiries: "/Siim- moned by a telegram , - th oy said. Yours, of course. How did' : the pairiful scene end? I Wbab ! is-." your' .'decision ? How are- you? Send me a telegram or letter immediately. I picture you ill and .heartbroken, unable to write.' Send' mo a line one line for Heaven's sake to relieve my mind.— With most affec tionate; wishes; always your Grace. \- /.Ida; Seymour to Grace Russell. -; v-> ; , : ' Nico, 18th August,' My Dear Grace, — Yourlotter crossed one from mo— that is to say, one I was about to write to you ; but I have been so occupied with a thousand and oho things that I really have nob had time to write sooner. Thank you for your solicitude for mo and my health. It is, however, quite unneces sary, for all my troubles have disappeared. Does tliisamar.o you '! Strange thingshuppen in life, my dear, and suspicions, which often seein serious, are frequently unfounded. To adopt your pleasing expression, tho "settle" between Goorgo atiu me took place immediately on bio arrival, but it finished very differently to tho way in which I, and more particularly you, imugined. My hus band proved to me, clear as daylight, tliat thoro was nothing, absolutely nothing , between him ana Mrs. St. George. Ho cer tainly had an appointment with her at t.ho British Artists and at the theatre. You were perfectly correct, but at tho latter placo there ircw re third person in the box. You did not seo that. Ho also wont to her house after the theatre, but ho did nob stay as long as you imagined, for half an hour after you saw him -enter, lio left by tha i . dooc leading from the billiard-room out ol tho back of the Iiciifo. Why these repeated appointments, you will ask ? The reason is simple. It was a projected marriage betw/xm an acquaintance of my busbaud and Mrs, St. George. Some hitch concern ing settlements had occurred, and Mrs. St' Georjro wished to have the advice of an old i'riend. By-thc-by, she is not at all as bad as she is reported to bs by scandalmongers, and no intimacy ever existed in hVie past between her and George, as I stupidly believed. George Was induced to qct us intermediary botween the lawyers, atid to look to Mrs. St. George's interests, . and . dm made an appointment; with her that night at the Lyceum as she wished him to speak to a third person, and to announce to him the fact that the match was broken off. Of course this was no fault of his. All this explains itself, and the terriblo "scene" finished in the best possible way. George scolded me a little for my insensate suspicions, but has pardoned' tne'. so generously,. so tenderly, that all my former, contented state of mind is restored. As to the anonymous letter, he, bolieves that it was written by a discharged servant ' of Mrs. St. George. Now permit me to speak -frankly concern ing your action in this matter. ' You should nob. have allowed me to go" so far in this, ridiculous campaign. '- You will reply thut you- triad' to prevent- me I admit this, bub ' did you db. ao with a , necessary force of- persuasion In.: short, did you. ,nob feel a certain pleasure— perhaps unconsciously— to see »' cloud v pass over -our felicity, of : which ybu were. always a' little, jealous. . But I bear you no. ill-feeling. You were unhappy in 'your own marriage, and, perhaps, felt a certain bitterness. But had you been 'the true friend I believed you to. bo, you would have overcome' this unworthy feeling, and, at ay cost, hare refused energetically to play the. humiliating part which I, whim almost out of my sonsei, begged of you to accept. Yes. you should have refused; that is what a. true friend would have done, and you did not do it. Ib appears "to me that you took a cortnin pleasure in following the two poor things, and that in your love of tho romantic you desired to find them guilty. . I must stop, for I might say too much if I continued. Ida. Extract Jrorn the Private Journal of Grace Russell'. ' . To-day I received a most detestable and unjustifiable letter from Ida Seymour. Behold me now at variance with her for ever ; and I worked for her so , con scientiously and so loyally. I, who played a part whioh was most repugnant to me only to please.her. . I should have remembered the old Italian provorb, " Fra moglie e marilo noti nultere ; it dito. Extract front the Private Journal of Ida Seymour."' Has George told me the-truth concerning the projected marriage of a certain lady? Be ttiac as ib may, I did right to believe it. Well, when lie is by-'my side, speaking to me with that soft, rich' voice of his, looking at me with those eyes I so' dearly love, all my auger dies, and I am all his. As to Grace— I have, in reality, nothing to reproach her with. Nevertheless, I wrote her such a letter ! \It was her own fault ; she should never have believed that George was unfaithful to me.— Vanity Fair. A TRUTH DEMONSTRATED!, I hold it to boa truth constantly telf- evident thRt every man' will defond a woman against all men but himself. Clap your eyes on a pretty woman without male escort, and., two phenomena will become obvioue. Firstly, there will be a largo amount ef open and covert staring at her, to all of which her ' obliviousners ' is,- of course, only assumed. Secondly, if ono of the starers happens, to realisa that others are at the same game, ho will, manifest plainly his disgust at such treat ment of unprqtocted beauty, utterly ignor ing bis own offence. A husband, and wifa . got into a- street car. The man -was some what dandified in dress. ,The woman was under 20, and as pretty as nature and art are in tho habit of combining to produce. They were chatting on the very subject that I hare here introduced. "Percival, dear, " said she, "I will prove to you that I am right, and take only ten minutes to do it. if you'll promise not to get angry about it." -He closed the contract. Then she drew herself up, as though the husband sitting beside her was an - entire stranger, and waited for the car to fill with passengers. "Now," she whispered behind her fas, " observe how I am ogled when alone." Within five minutes he saw that half-a- dozen masculine passengers, from hoary age to callow youth, eyed his bride with mere or less audacity, and several manifestly would not have needed the smallest beginning of a wink on her part to seize upon her then . and there. That parb.of the exhibition was 1 a triumph for the wife, bub the most curious feature of heir experiment remained to be tried. ' " You certainly do seem to attract a good deal of admiration, "-said the husband, sup posing that the pretended strangeness was at an end. She lifted' her eyes in simulated- surprise, as though an impertinent fellow had unwar rantably accosted her, and pointedly turned her" face' awiiy from him. He understood her now, and a id not speak to her further. Next, she drew hot- shoulder away from coiitKub wit'u bU. ' By this time the spec tators were believing that he was annoying her dreadfully, and scornful glances were aimed at him. A man arose from the oppo-' site side. v "Will you exohange seats with mo?" he very gallantly and politely said, lifting - his hat most deferentially. ' Now, he had been formest among- the original' oglers— the veriest simpleton of ' them all. Thank you, sir," she answered, " but Iiprefer to slt beslde my. husband. " . Thus with the same stone she killed that YulturobircUiid.the dove mate whom she had undertaken to instruct , as. to the philosophy ef male gallantry. .-'V ;y ALL" GONE, Ho talkpd about divinity, and pondered on " . infinity, : . ' And spoke of base humanity as animalcule, Hs studied up astronomy, the science of .'autonomy, ' . ' ' .- ' And wondered if insanity was common to the flea. ' .... ' . He. plunged into . zootomy and wandered \- . through phlebotomy, And read for weekson history from Adane down to date. ' > : ; He lectured on . thepgony, and dwelt upsn cosmogony, And sounded deep the mystery attending , human fate. ' ' He showed extreme' anxiety .for .late and; . ' early "piety, . And spoke with great felioity of higher states than thlB. ; v-. . He lectured quite dramatically to show how." I systematically, , '4'.''. The force of electricity wae centted in a. ' kiss. ' ' i ' .''' - Bub while with such intensity he spouted. opV; i - immensity, I: ; - His wife with sweet devexite was cutting .; quite a dash ; - - - v And with such ingenuity she monkeyed bis :; annuity, l'le'd found to. his perplexity - ebe' dressed' away his cash. / "Tho man I.vred mustbehandedme, bravo - and noble' ; he must have no bad hablt?, and ' must love nie devotedly."- . . " . ' ; ' ; i ' But, my dear, that' is impossible, -you .. kuaw, quite impossible."- v , . " "Why?" "There is only one sucji'maiv in nU the I wida world, and no is eoirig 'to'maity.iatklLj ; 