j THE YELLOW MEN OF INDIA. (CllABLEB JOHSETOX, B.C.»„ IS THE ' Asiatic Quarterly.') I ine Kocch, the bantali and the Savara are all dittinctly agricultural, spending their days from sunrise to suns;t in tilling, irrigating and weeding their fields of ricua, or inrtigo, or cotton. They all till with an ironshod hoe, the 6o.va.raB sometimes using a light plough when the naLurc of the ground permits ; and all three races, when clearing new ground, burn awaj* the jungle instead of cutting it down, being pejfectly aware of the fertilising power of wood ashes. In Santali anil the Savara tire largely helped by their wives and daughters when domestic -duties allow, and when the women are not engaged in their own peculiar tasks of spinning, dyeing and weaving. All throe people are acquainted with the preparation and use of dyes, of which indigo and niorinda, for blue and red arc probably the most popular. The villages of these three people numbeT from 10 to 20 to a hundred homes, end tluir bous-'s are well and strongly constructed— belter perhaps than those cf their neighbors of other races. Every village h&s; its own headman^ and amongst the gantalis, at anv rtte, the headman is supposed to 'be a detccndant of the original founder of tbe riKngc, so tbat the office must be hereaitarv. The nr*E»mv» nf the headman of the village among tho unaasiinilated yellow tribes disproves the supposition that tbis institution is peculiarly Hindu. The life cf tho Koceb, Bawtili and Sivara women is characteris* d~ by far greater freedom than that of orthodox Hindus; and the same enlightenment marks tbe marriage laws of these three tribes. A few words are sufficient to describe their Admirable and jet very simple institutions with regard to marriage : for, with one or two exceptions to be noted, the customs of all three are the same. Iu the first place among the Koceb, the Santali, and the 6avaras, there is no such thing aB habitual marriage of infants, or tender immature children. The contracting parlies are almo&t; always adults, and the union is brought about by mutual consent, after a few simple eeremonice of feasting and sacrifice. The women's liberty of choice is carefully guarded. Amongst tbe Savara*, says Mr Fawcett, ' a woman may* Jeavo her husband whenever she pleases. Her bustand cannot prevent fair.' Among the Eoccb, according to Buchanan, 4,tbe men arc so -gallant that they have made over all tljeir property to the women, who in return are most industrious, weaving, spinning, brewing planting, fiowiogjftt a word, doing all the work not above their strength.' In con sequence of tbe independence of tfaoir wives, the Eoccb and B&var;&i; are *4mir*ble husbands .j jitid i believe fiubatanfciaUy^tbe same ^conditions obtain amongst the flantalis. Hie-rs2Cond great principle with '^regard , to .maniage among these ihroa yellow-tribes, which again furnishes a remarkable contrast with the Hindus, Is that widows are perfectly free to marry again,and incur no eoclal dis ability- by doing so. 'The property, of the parents Is said to go to the sons among the, Savaras,and to the daughters amongst the Koech ; as to the Ssntalis, I have *8 yet no certain information 5 so thst the question of inheritance among the yellow tribes may be left open for the present. Gnly two more points of importance need bo noted ; and in these 1 believe there is a complete identity between Kocch, Santali, and Savara usuage. The points are, that the men of these three yellow races must marry women of the same tribe, while marriage of relations is absolutely forbidden. I believe that each of these tribes is distinguished by a fairly high standard of social pprity, as contrasted witb other Indian races. Polj* gamy exists, to a limited extent, among the richer Favaras, bnt not so far as I know in the other two tribes. The Kocch and the Savara both burn their dead, generally in a family or village burning ground, beside a river ; I believe the Santalis do the same, but on this point more exact information is desirable. In the religion of the three yellow tribes, which is mainly a cult of the dead, the re semblance between Kocch, Santali, and Savari usuage is very striking. Among the Kocch and the SavamH. and T hulipvo filcn among the Santalis, the sacrifices fail into I three classes. First, an ofieilng to the ghost j a few days atUr the body had been burned ; 1 secondly, a general sacrifice (every year, or every second year), to the ghosts, after tbe rice has been gathered in ;and, thirdly, a sacrifice to bring the rains or to mark their arrival. The two latter strongly mark the agricultural character of the yellow races. Fipm a study of many details of Abe re'4gious nsntgcsof these three yellow races, ^the Koech, the Santali, and the Savara, I am convinced that the of their religion is a firm belitf in the ghosts of tbe dead, joined with an equally firm belief in their uniform maglignance. Their gods and the demons of well* and trees are generally found to be the ghosts of the dead, if the beliefs regarding them are care fully looked into. They further believe that these ghosts are able and willing to in jure the community they belonged to in three ways; first, personally, by the inflic tion of diseases, through obsession 1 of demoniac possession, and by various forms of malignant mischief and spite ; to avert .these personal injuries sacrifices are offered by tbe relations a few days after the body is burned. The second possible injury they attribute to tbe malignant ghosts of their dead is the .destruction of the harvest; and to prevent this, or rather to reward the ghosts for their forbearance, in a case oi a good harvest they offer yearly or biennial sacrifices at the harvest home, expressly dedicated to the ghosts of those who have died within that period. Thirdly, they believe the ghosts of their dead can impede the yearly rains — thus destroj ing the pros pects of next year's harvest ; and the begin ning of the rains is therefore made tbe occasion of another sacrifice. 