NEWS AND NOTES. The committee of the Highgate Musical Society have decided to forego the usual practice on Monday night in consequence of the death of Bishop Parry. Letters in reply to advertisements addressed aa under, are awaiting delivery at our Ere mantle Office, " G.S.", " Phonetic ",-" W:", " WA.", (3), "X.Y.Z." (2), "X." (2), "R.W." (2), and " A.B.C." (2). The Rev. R. Hanlin will conduct tbe morning service at the Scots' Chnrcb, Fremantle, te. morrow, and in the evening the Rev. A. P.. Ferguson will preach. Mr. Ferguson lea* ea for Melbourne next week. Ik connection with the death of B;shcp Parry, funeral services will be preached at St. George's Cathedral to-morrow at both the morning and evening services. Archdeacon Watkins will be the preacher at the morning Berrico, and the Dean at that in the evening. The remains of the late Bishop of Perth were interred in the Anglican cemetery yes- terday in the presence of tbe .largest con- course of mourners that has yet attended a funeral in Perth. Every section.of tfce o immunity waa present, from the Governor downwards, and the ceremonies both in the Cathedral and at the grave Bide were of a most impressive obaractea. A fall desoripVon of the obs-quhs is published in another column. " Anglo-Australian " writing in the Wurt, pean if ail of October 18th says:?The Super- intendent of Telegraphs in Western Austra- lia, Mr. Hancock, ha* arrived here, alt bf ugh I cannot as yet ascertain his present where- abouts. My surmise is, that Mr. Hancock, on arriving at Plymouth, immediately betook himself to his native' Ireland, whence in due time, he will no doubt return to the metro- polis. *'Boccaccio" as presented last evening at the Fremantle Town Hall, was again received by a large audience with every, mark of delighted appreciation. The opera went with a more easy, movement than on the previous evening, and all the performers having no doubt become accustomed te ths> somewhat, peculiar, acoustics of the Town Hall, succeeded in filling their parki admirably. The success which has attended the production by the amateurs at Fremantle has induced the society to give a final per- . formance of the opera this evening. Foll particulars are announced in our advertising columns. The magisterial hearing of the case of Wad* gee, the aboriginal charged wi*h committing a criminal assault upon Mr?. Cadwallader, was concluded in the City Court yesterday, when the presiding magistrate, Mr. Cowan, considering that a prima facie case had been made out, committed the accused for trial. Additional evidence was forthcoming for the defence to prove that the prisoner was at Mr. Sholl's honse at a quarter to fonr o'clock ea the afternoon of the assault, but this left his movements from tbat time till seven o'clock, when he waa next seen at tbe hor se, still unaccounted for. Special services will be held in St. Andrew's' Presbyterian Churoh to-morrow, in oonnee* nection with the Sunday sob roi anniversary* AU the ssrviees willbecondcctedbytheReV* :: David Roes. At tbe morning service Mr. "Robb will' specially address the children, parents and teachers. In tbe afternoon at three. o'clock, in tbe. Shearer Memorial Hall, Beaufort-street, the annual prizes gained fcy.the children of the Sunday-school dering the past year for good attendance, etc , will be distributed at a service to be held fer that purpose. Short a3dre8S s will be delivered, and hymns appropriate to the! occasion will te sunsr by the children. The ' parents of the children and all interested in . Sunday-school work are given a cordial invitation to thia service. At the evening service, at half-past seven, Mr. Robs' sermon will.be epseially addressed to young wonvn. : Special serviees will bj held to-morrow in :??¦¦;¦ Wesley Church. In tbe morning tbe Rev. A. C. Plane of Southern Crosp, will prracb, and in the evening the: Rev. J. A. Jeffreys, .'"?' who preaches at Guild for 1 in th<» morning, wiil occupy the pulpit. Mr. Jeffreys who is stationed at Albany, was recently transferred -: from New South Wales, where he had charge ? of large and influential churehes. He bas the reputation of being an able preacher. In '' the afternoon the Rev. A. C. Plane will relate gome of his experiences ob the West Ans?. k:\ tralian goldfields. He ia the only minister '¦'¦ in Australia who bas conducted missions on the Murchison, Southern Cross, and Cool gardie goldfields. - At the afternoon service Sankay'jB hymns will be used.. -The Rev. G. E. Rowe will take parb in all the services. The Exmouth Chronicle (Edg.), in referring to r. the death of Mrs. Perriam, the oldest inbabi . taut of Exmouth, eays, f-p aking of ber late husband :-^Some yr ars atterwards he was one . ' of-the party-which surveyed and buoyed Swan -..: - River, in Western Australia. For this service t ike was presented in 1833, by Sir James Stirl ? mg,--the 'Governor, with a handsome¦ gold ' - Swatch, suitably inscribed; and which is still ?¦ -oin the pee*»ssioncf his family. In addition :oi:he ireoeived a Government grant of' four f>: > square miles of land in the neighbenrboad ef .'? ;Perth and Fremantle," Swan River* but un .'-" fortunately esteemed it of. no value. Long ? - afterwardu, when the Swan River diatriot be- came developed, this land greatly increased in value ind there was an enquiry for the. owner. He wat discovere4 in the person of Mr. Perriam, .and: en his being communicated with, he applied-at the Colonial Office only te learn, however,-that in coko quence of tbe location duties- not having been legally -carried, eat, the land had lapaedti the Crown, and he thus lest almost fabulous wealth. [itOBF^Wednrsday evenings a most successful -¦:, bachelor'* ball was held in the Temperance ''- Hall,'' Northam.'*- The arrangements were very ^satisfactorilyearned out by the committee of baohe'onyMeaara; G. Withers (hon.. eeo.),- P. Johnson,., mA. H. .Throssell. About 60 couples were"present, and dancing was kept up to an early hour in the.morning. Among those present were Masers. G. Throssell,' M.L.A., ano" Mrs. Throssell, Mrs. C. E. Dempster, .Mrs< E.- S. Clsits. Dr; and Mrs. Dunlop, Mr. a«iJLMr& McDowell, Mr. and Mrr. Madden, Mr. James Mitchell, Mr. W. A. Gale, Mr, IL. .Bateman, Mr. B. H. Darbyshire,: Mrs. A. Campbell, Miss HeBken, Mrs. Lodge, Mr. J. Lloyd, Mrs. and Miss Twine, Mr. 0. Stone, and Mr. Pether. Mr. ,lW. Greville ably presided at the piano. The ¦> muaioal selections and arrangements were in the banda of Mr. H. Morrell. The tbought /fui care of the commit eee provided a capital ,: supper during the evening. It ia no exaggera- tion to f»ay that the ball was the best yet ¦ given in Northam. It ia understood that the ;; married folk intend returning the compliment ' to their less fortunate friends?the bachelor*. ? uThx Albany Advertiser bf the 13 th inst, in .1 dulgea in the following piece of "spioy" ' writing'«?!-We have now,however, tbe spa* : tiflle . ef the tw« Perth daily papers on tbe . .same platform?a platform as narrow, aB bigoted, aB selfish as was ever adopted by any journal. That platform may shortly be p ut as " Dawn, with Esperance Bay; down with Al- bany I" and down with everything that is likely to stand in the way of Perth and Fre- mantle. The nobleness and high-minded- ness ef the policy is beyond oompari , sou with anything in history. It V; surpasses the Irish boycott and the terrorism of strikers. We should, we suppose, have to . go book to the history of the aboriginal races to discover any policy of the same character. In plain words our contemporary lays it down that in order to give the trade of: Coolgardie and Dundas Hills to the "settled districts," : communication with these fields should not be opened from Esperance Bay. Should . Dundas Hills prove a permanent field, | the .Yilgarn -Railway, pur contemporary .suggests, should be continued to ir. Further on, he suggests that gooda landed at Fremantle eau even under pressnt conditions be got to Dundas Hills as cheaply as they can from Esperance Bay. He contends thaf .to open up a route from Esperance Bay is tb open the goldfields country to the trade of ; South Australian merchants, whereas a route via. Fremantle would, give the trade to the "settled districts." .The whole of the article,. echoes the sentiments of the Daily ..News and of Mr. W. Sandover. It indicates that the Ptrth -editors, the Perth asd Fre- mantle merchants, and many of tis Perth and Fremantle people ate ina condition of fright. They have always been af raid of Albany, and now Esperance Bay haa arisen aa a ghost to give]the.pangs of fear to their weak hearts. 'They have always lived under the notion that it was as muon the business ef the Govern- ment '.ta find them f«od and drink as it was for a hen to provide., for' her cbiokem*. When now they see a dangar of some of the titbits not coming their way, they expect their hen te fly u in a rage and fight for tbe plunder. It is to.' be always M duck, duck " for them. There is, however, this fault in the illustration. The .hen, like the Bound politician that she is, acknowledges tbe con- stitutional right of each of her chicks to fair play. She does not cry "cluck, cluck" for; the benefit'of one or two of her brood, .but all are given an equal cbanoe. 