I iSellN an«I SSells'ius'crti. By the Rambi.::i:. j Medicine nnd science hnve crone forward considerable stag's during t lie past few yens ; but. tiie advance- | ment ia advertising and bellringinsr j daring the Ian i boom blossomed from a seeding fo a glutted fruit tree. Bellringers—or rather, bell men—comprise a real assortment of naturally born jnst-made-to fill-np individuals. It is a profession fitted to the best educated man down on h:s uppers, without n stiver to squander or a fed cent to call his own, his ticker nnd chain pawned, his spare suit under a three-ball lien, and every available belonging held “in trust” by Uncle Mo. It i3 a profession for a br ken down mechanic—now a swipci—looking Gluttonously forward to a cheap pint, or even swipes on the never, yet gloriously glad to earn a few extra shillings by jerking a bell for half-an-hotir to announce a gigantic sale boomed by a set of influential swindlers. Our gay and festive City caused a reformation that should have put the ghost of Henry VIII into youthful couvnls’ons. In the olden days the bellman was the convivial man of tho town, and the newsmonger of his district. Just a short while back lie was n tipster— not a tippler — and although he paraded the streets with a double demy poster on his back and chest, and was called the sandwich-man, he was interviewed by important men in those days as to whether a spec, was straight or not. Some times he changed his skin, and developed into tho boss conductor of a go d band, his sole administration being to see the glorified posters of the sale shown properly, whilst tho four in-hand'was driven through the city with the scratch musicians playing airs from Wagner's latest opera. He has also been employed to act the part of capitalist, and buy allotments galore. Bear in mind that at the same time he was sup plied with the good, yet cast- off, suit of one of the principal syndicators, to enable him to act his part and blind the incredulous public. He has been engaged as an extra hand to distribute free lunch nud cham pagne, to gull the unwary into buying untold wealth. Yes, the wealth is still untold, and likely to he so. Tide land bo:m aud the Colombo change of air. The above is Melbourne bellring ing. To Shepparton belongs, as it should, the commencement of a new era. The Chicago oi the Gonlburn Valley (not forgetting Ardmona), it has always through its Vigilance Committee taken a leading pari, and, not to be outdone by the honest (r) land boomers has introduced a new system of bellringing well worth patenting. Only the other night it struck yonr contributor—not in the optic, but shortly after tho evening meal. Although a resident of the town, I had heard nothing about the proposed misuse of the fire-alarm bell, and was startled to hear it ringing lustily. In an instant, and without headgear, I rnshed forth to see whose misfortune had come atop of sus pended banks. Doing the quarter mile to the fire-brigade station under time, and bearing that it was only the bell ringing announcement of a concert,‘I mattered—say, prayers in humiliation. Now that the townspeople have accepted this new and remarkable innovation, it is to bo hoped that in an early issue will appear the follow ing advertisement:—“ Wanted ten ders for 12 months’ use of local fire bell. Successful tenderers can ar range with dramatic and concert proprietors for announcements. Con ditions, 20 per cent, deposit, and no previous notification of use to be given. Visiting troupes staying awhile to be ‘dono’ at a cheaper rate. Torchlight processions arranged with out extra cost. Charity and fire brigade concert promoters not allowed to be dealt with. The members of tho brigade reserve to themselves the right to use a special alarm signal, and in case none of them ring up, then let tho firo barn ahead. No need of assistance from the rate payers, who pay all east. One-third from Brigade Board, one-third from Government, and one-third from the Connell. Tho brigade will meet all by'leasing the bell.” 