In Strict Confidence. (BY «QUIS.»') Guy de Maupassant has passed away. Bis, after all, was but a species of post mortem death. All that he and the world took pride in really died when he passed into the madhouse. The bright, witty, versatile spirit perished before the tene- ment of clay that enclosed it. In the madhouse the ome theme upon which his broken mind harped was his truant fancies. He imagined that these lost and scattered children of his genius were coming back to him. " My fancies ! my fancies I" he would exolaim exultingly. Alas, they were to return to him no more. But perchance he has found his lovely aerial flock pasturing by some dream-river in ideal groves, to which such tbings belong. His faults as a littera- teur lay in the choice of his subjects, which were often gross. Like other emin- ent writers he fell a victim to the vitiated taste of the France, or more properly speak- ing the Paris, of to-day. But his merits were all his own. This dainty and spark- ling writer stands, with the vastly greater Swift and Scott, among the melan- choly company of those whose fate it was, in the words of the terrible Dean, to find themselves " going atop." * Major-General Hutton is a gallant and able officer, and we have no doubt will be able to fulfil his boast of bringing our forces to a state of impeccable efficiency; but we fear that the General somewhat mis- apprehends the object and scope of his ap- pointment here. It was not, we may inform him, the intention of the Government in appointing him that he should make out forces a valuable adjunct to the Imperial army ¡ nor was it their idea that he should perfect the army of New South Wales with a view to making it food for powder in England's foreign wars. Our army is foi the défonce of our own shores, and for thal alone. The cost of the Imperial connection would be immeasurably too great if one oi its items were to be the expenditure oi Australian blood in defence of Britist policy. * Like a ghost arisen from the tomb, Si] Henry Parkes has once more appeared a St. Leonards to discourse upon the política question. His address was full of th« usual trite platitudes and egotisti* swellings. Benisons upon himself ant malisons upon his opponents were no lesi conspicuous than the jumbled image which followed his excursions into th< fields of allegory and metaphor. Th« mental deficiency of Sir Henry Parkes i on the side of the imagination. There hi always fails. In the exposition of facts hi is strongest, but in the higher regions o oratory he limps like a crippled dog. Thi it is which has prevented him from achiev ing success in statesmanship, or in tha temple of the muses which his profan shadow has so often audaciously darkenec He can lay the foundations and build th walls of a great speech, but the swellin dome and springing spire belong to othc hands. And now, of Sir Henry Parke enough. * Among the imports by the Miowera o her recent return trip were some specimen of salmon and halibut, dispatched to thet shores by ' speculative British Columbian It is with a good deal of shame that v* have to confess that a large market ma be found here for such commodities. Th; would certainly never exist if the va: marine crops of mullet and herring whic annually team on our coasts were harveste and stored. As a wholesome and nutritioi fish the mullet, in its unprepared coi dition, is certainly in no way inferior j the American salmon, and the tinnc article is equally delectable. The annui waste which goes on in this pa tioular is repeated in a dozen other d partments, and while millions of mull complete every year their great mari] circle comparatively unmolested, countle thousands of rabbits are cast aside in ui remunerative heaps. There is one impo which would be gratefully received in th colony, and to America, before all oth countries, we must look for it. Perha; the Miowera on her next Australian tr might bring us a shipment of that speoul tive spirit and capaeity for taking adva tage of natural resources for whi< Americans are so justly famed. *.* On Tuesday last the final act of tl Burton-street tráaedy was consummated. Of the wretched Archer himself no more remains to be said, but the horrible cir- cumstances under which the curtain was rung down upon, his marred existence for the sake of common humanity call for some words of comment and protest. The unhappy wretch was slowly choked to death, uttering all the while words whioh were undoubtedly an agonised prayer for mercy, but whose meaning was drowned in his throat. It is not the first occasion upon- which an execution in Darlinghurst Uaol has been bungled in a similar manner. Is it the fault of the executioner or his instrument ? If of the latter, and it is still considered advisable to hang , a certain class of criminals, it is time to find some more certain and speedy method than the primi- tive one at present practised. It is a solemn thing for even the law to take a man's life, but it is hideous to take it brutally, and barbarously, and bunglingly. * * # Dr. Nansen has started on a voyage, ostensibly, to the North Pole, but in all probability to eternity. His equipage is of the simplest, standing out in marked contrast with the panoply of preparation , which usually pre- ceded former expeditions. His one little craft looks miserably insignificant to fulfil a purpose before which proud fleets have boen scattered in death and destruction. Since the bronzed and bearded Norwegian stood, before the truth-teller with the wild, improbable story, and the shining walrus tooth of ivory, the eyes of Europe have been set upon the unknown region in the north as a needle to the magnetic pole. Whether where the many failed the one shall succeed, or the one be added to the many, a few short years shall decide ; but neither success nor failure can wholly alter those feelings of interest and regard which go out from the heart of the world to an adventurous and daring spirit. # * * The Hoy al wedding is an accomplished fact, and the Princess Teck has her hus- band like'* any other May," though at the time of " Prince Eddy's" death a surpris- ing consensus of public opinion condemned her to perpetual spinsterhood. But the Princes» May bore well in mind her Shakspere's words that " Earthlier happy is the rose distilled than that which, withering on the virgin thorn, grows, lives, and dies in single blessedness." So that when Prince George came and wooed he won. We are told that all London was en fete for the occasion, but this must not be taken literally, for it is long since the populace took part in the pleasures of the monarch. The popular pomps and pageants which attended the marriages of queens and kings belonged to that " mtrry England " which has passed away, and which William Morris delights in painting with the vernal tints of Pandeau poesy. H.M.S. LIZABD is expected to return to Sydney shortly. She left Hobart last Monday. H. M. S. THE MEN-0F-WAE. Ringarooma has left Adelaide for West Australia, and her sister ship, the Katoomba, left Auckland on Monday under orders to proceed to Samoa. The Rapid (with Mr. J. B. Thurston on board), the Tauranga, Goldfinch, Curacoa, Dart, and Ringdove at latest advices are cruising among the islands. The Wallaroo is at Melbourne, and the Boomerang is at Bris- bane. The Mildura, Karrakatta, and Royalist are at present in Port Jackson. * The Surry United Crioket Club gave its annual ball at Leigh House on July 5. Several pretty dresses were worn, notably by Miss Bassetti, in green crepe de chine ; Miss Buokle, buttercup eurah ; Miss Burn- ham, blue j Miss Hughes, green ; Miss Cleary, eau-de-nil ; Miss O'Loughlin, salmon-pink ; Miss Shea, poppy-red silk j Miss Phelps, white and silver ; &c.; * » A very successful sooial was given last week in the Waterloo Town Hall by the Dorothy Club. Miss Collier looked well in buttercup with green velvet ; Miss Demp- sey, blue ; Mrs. Bern, black grenadine j Miss Kellett, white with pale green ; Mies Cowdroy, pink j Miss Maleny, white silk ; Miss Shannon, réséda silk j Miss Lillycrop, black and heliotrope ; Mrs*;Coleman, black merv j Miss Dent, sage green ; Miss Ryan, heliotrope ; Miss Parkes, claret velvet. 