CRICKET NOTES. [BY SLP.] The most important match played in the city on Saturday last was that between the Ironclad team and representatives of the Syd ney Eifdeavour Club. The latter combination are well named, as they will probably go on endeavouring (unsuccessfully) to win a match for ever while they soar sufficiently high to pit themselves against first-class teams. The only man in their ranks worth a place in one of our first elevens was Driver, and but for him and an excellent pick-up in the person of A. Giles, of Maitland, they would not have made 40 runs. The match started on the Newcastle ground at half-past 10 o'clock, the teams playing 12 men aside. The wicketwas in excelluet condition, and the weather was all that couldbe desired. The local cap tain won the toss, and thelIronclads came out with a total of 228. Allan made 57 by very attractive batting, and displayed his whole form. His score included 12 fours, the majority of which wore made by remarkably clean strokes. Kennedy compiled 08 inamost aggressive manner, as the record included 11 fours and a beautiful hitfoer5. Driver, with threo wickets for 50 ; Mlannix, with five for 72; and Love, with three for 58, were the only successful bowlers. The fielding was fairly good all round, and Driver was par ticularly effective. The JEndeavours put together 115, of which Driver got 43 by sound cricket; and A. Giles contributed 52 by ani equally meritorious exhibition. The men pade a very determined stand, and put the Ironclad bowlers on their mettle. The display of the other batsmen was lamentable. Sneesby got seven wickets for 37, W. David son three for 37, and Rodgers one for 11. Crosswiak. was unsuccessful, 'and 17 runs wereoscored from his deliycries. The visitors followed on, and had lest six wickets for 42 when time was called. Mr. Webbor provided, an excellent huncheon in the pavilion, and the players had a very enjoyable day. A small entrance fee was charged, and the attendance woe roar. On Monday last several of the local teams journeyed to country townships, and had a very pleasant time. Ireland's team visited Paterson, asd made a thorough holiday trip *of the outing. They left Newcastle by train at 6.15 a.m. and took a special coach at East Maitlasd. The morning was very cold, but the players were in high spirits, and created a good deal of fui. About half way they pulled up at the "TraVellers' Rest," and had a cup of strong coffee-very strong. Upon reach ing the township they were cordially greeted by the local men, and. foemd an excellent concrete wicket, with a rather damp fielding ground, awaiting them. Winning the toss, the local players took possession of the creases, but could do nothing against the bowling of Enright and T. Johnson, and the innings closed for 25 runs.. The fielding was very good all round, and two men were run out owing to' the exceptionally smart returns of Cowen. The visitors compiled 97, of which Lindsay made 28- by vigorous batting, Woodeit 22, and Johnson 13, being the other double-figure scorers. In the second inniings the Paterson men made is much better stand, and ran up 87, of which Swan got 34 and Tucker 28: This left the visitors 10 to make to win, and the runs were secured with.the loss of two wickets. The return'trip by moonlight proved very pleasant. The Half- holiday team made a trip to GrCsford, and also had a good time.. They left the city by train 'oe Sunday moaning, and took a special coach from East Maitland. The viewse in and - around the pretty little township waro scanned diring the afternoon and evening, and play commenced at 11 o'clock on Monday forenoon. The' Gresford people Iiave a liery good conc~cte'wicket, but the fielding ground is not adapted to fast scoriing. The local men won the toss, andi wore all disposed of for 89. Larry, who used to play in the representative matches atNew castle some years ago, hted fairly settled down at the wickets when he was run out for 22. The other bietsmen could ,do nothing against .Cresswick, who got'soven wickets for 3,. His curlyislows coinpletely nonphissed them, and in many linstances the batsimen could not. indortiefd it, and ietired isae, roversi. * Theovisiters compiled 207, of. whiech Cresswick contributed 107, in a manner thate pesalysed fte a local bowlers. He repeatedly lifted the ball into. the timber suirrouidsng the ground, and Was frequently enauied to enjoyla rest while the fielding team wacut in seasele of the missing article. Horme i9, Thaysmith 13, and' J. Whiting 15, were the other double figure edorers. - The visitors were splendidly treated and thoroughly enjo3 ed their outing. As their ground had not been engaged for to-day the Newcastle committee arranged an all-day matchwith the Maitland Pearls, and, if favoered with fine weather, the game sh'ould prove interesting. Play will commence at nioon, asd luncheon will be prdvided in the pavilion at 1 o'clock. In view of the match City v. Suburbs, whicul will occuipy the .Newcastle Cricket Ground. in aid of the Flood Relief Fund on Satiieday end Saturdiay week, Sevoral of the citydanud district, clubs fixtures have been caicolled. Following are the names of the respectie teams :--City: Wooden, Cowen, Enright, G. Webb, Cresswick, Sinons, Snecsby, Allan, Stewart, Terry, Quinn, and I'rcsman (12). Suburbs': Cuennigham, W. Davidson, G. Dsvidson, Ellis, A. Wilson, H. Wilson, Gray, Lord, ;Kecgan, E. W?bb, Maddison,,Coulson (12), Harrison (18). The teams aro very strong, aud the .match should attract a large attendance, in view of' the fact that it is for such a worthy object. As I stated a-few weeks back, I hopoft will be so succes.ful that the association may be able to arrange a similar fixture annually. Remarkable ,feats in cricket have been noted from time to time, hutitrarely happens that one player establishes a batting and bowling record in one season. This honor can be claimed by F. Laver, of East Mel1 bourne, who, .itsvll be remembered, recently made the highest score .in any match in Australia, namely, 352, not out, against St. I(ilda. On Saturday last he performed the ,notable.feat of -taking every wicket for East Melbourne at Hamilton against a local eleven. His ton wickets cQst only 15 runs. It has been definitely settled that Maurico Read, the popular Surrey County profes-s sional, shall receive tls proceeds of the cricket match between England and Australia which will be played at tho~cnnington Oval on August 14 and two following days. Read is a great favouritc -and the test match is a partielnarly happy selection for the purpose of his benefit. Felix, of the Australasian, writes Old Mac, the well- knoian ouiator of the East Melbourue Cricket-ground, met with a sudden shock the other day. Accustomed for many years to water the ground in the evening after prim tlice, he went out and fixed his hose on as usual. But there was no water. Next night it was the same, and Mac began to think that. somethuing had hamppened. Everybodyround about had water, but the Easter Melbourno ground had none. At last the waterauthori ties were interviewed aind an inspection mude, with the result that the cause of Mac's trouble was discovered. Mac had heard of such a thing, but never before had practical experience of it. To be brief, the round un varnished talc Mae delivers is that a peregri nating ccl 2ft. long, not satisfied- with his happy home in the spacious reservoir among the hills, had taken a trip to Melbourne for the Easter holidays. The many devious ways of city pipe life proved too much for his eel ship;.and finally he gave -up the ghost upon reaching that salubrious spot at the north eastern corner of the Jolimont enclosure. When old Mac heard it was an eel that choked the pipe he had visions of a piscine feed, but presently an application of forefinger anid thumb to the nasal orgam of a worrkman convinced Mae that the eel was a shade too high. Asn interesting cricket match has been arranged by the committee of the Newcastle District Cricket Association, between eleven players residing within the city boundary and a similar number from without, to take place on the Newcastle Cricket Ground on Saturdays, the 15th and 22nd instants, commencing at 2 p.m. sharp each day. The small sum of 0d willbe charged for admission, the sum thus collected beiig for the relief of sufferers by the late flood. The following strong teams have been chosen by the selection committee to do battle :-City: Messrs. J. Cowen, P. Enright, W. J. Wooden (Newcastle C. 0.), G, Allen, E. Cresslsiik, T. Simon, 3. Sneesby, G. Webb (Ironclads), P. Quinn, A. Terry (East Newcastle), S. Stewart (Stockton), J. Freeman, 12th. District-: A. Cunningham, 3\. Maddison (Newcastle C. C.), E. Webb (Ironclads), G. Davidson, W. Davidson, \- Ellis (Wickham Albions), E. Lord (Hamilton), A. Wilson (Burwood), R. Wilson (Stockton), W. Gray (Lambton), J. -Keegan (W? allsoend), M. Coulson (Burwood) 12th, ind W. Harrison (Hamilton), 13th. Umpires: Messrs. H. Giles and T. H. Raysmith. Scorers: Messrs. W. James and H. Martin. An advertisement annears in another column. 