.'?i%Ht :Jth Unfortunate Editori !: : v.; ??'. ; ;'V RwgBJnj'PtJiiAWAY was the editor of tS'o '??''? ;'.^. ;?-??- r Ek^t^ vif jr ? tifcAiBEn. For nearly two ; ????.'?'????;'/.' ?? iB3t-rotyc(ira the'latbhutring of his offloo hid ; .''??'?/ ? always boon out,' and ho had moulded ?/??' opinion until he, grew mouldy. Ho had reforred to ovory mtn in town ?» a perfect : gentleman, aud to every lady as a queon : ??. of society, pud as) he grew, old he longed for a ohanoe to roaBt'somobodj-. 'Oh,' he woujd exclaim, and in the eilent. etentide,; vhilp the -tears - couriod \- down his furrowed chocks, oh, for an ' opportunity to turn loose and crucify somebody! I am filled with adjeotivos which would look magnificent in print, but ' I.darb^noti If I were to ottaok any one he would stop his paper and perhaps take out his advertisement. So Reuben. ,Pullaway . wrole flattering paragraphs about people, and grow sullen and taciturn.' ! ! ; ? i ? , And bis cross seemed greater than ho could bear. ? ? . ? ? ??) , . 'Reuben,'1 said' the editor's wife one morning, ns he looked sadly at an untasted broukfust and reached for his hat, why not roast some imaginary individual P Turn looso the vials of- your wrath upon Horatio Eldergroovo, for instance. Nobody can possibly be offended, since there is no such a man, and you'll bovo just as much fun torturing him as though he livod. .Tho editor folded his wife to his bosom weeping; ! hut,! oh, gentle reader, his toars. wore tears of joy. . A,ugiisla Sophronia, ho oried, it is an inspiration! Oh, how I will, rmraljzo Horatio Eldurgroove ! Tho bonulifut glow of dawn was in tho hoHrt of Reuben Pullaway. j The lending editorial in the Blazkr that, wenk wns a corkor. This city, it said. has ? boon ? visited by an : unprincipled scoundrel of tho ; name of Horatio Eldcr groovo; he lias groen. whiskors and only ono eyo, which is in the middlo of his forehead ; he has a trunk like an ele phant, and tusks, a foot long. He iss re-, proacb to mankind ; a hyena who lives' on the bones of doad men ; a ghoul, a vam pire, a serpent ; he would- play checkers on the coffin of his mother and rob a ghost of its shroud. There was a column and a half of this sort of literature, and when it was: written the editor felt refreshed and young once more. All the accumulated bile' of years had flown into the article. The beauty, of il is, said the editor to tho foreman, that since there is no such a man as Horatio Eldorgroovo, with his green whiskers add single eyo, nobody can possibly be offended. True enough, respobded the foreman, with a shoreless laugh. In .the quiet, dreamy dusk of a summer evening a wayworn stranger journeyed into Echo City; he had green whiskeis and but one eye, whioh was in the centre of his ; forehead ; he had a trunk like an ._ elephant and tusks a foot long. His first act was to purchase a copy of the Blazer, and his wrath may bo hotter imagined than described when he read the leading editorial. He immediately went to the Blazer office and sat on Ronben Pullaway and inado him (Reuben) eat a three-pound can of . green ink and a barrel of glue and a towel; and then he poured coal oil on Reuben's huir and set fire to it ; and he fed Reuben into a stop cylinder press with a folder attached, so that when the unfortunate man emerged he was folded ready for mailing. Then;the stranger wentfdown town and addressed a meeting of citizens. -On the following day all the morchants of- Echo City called at the Blazer office and ordered their ' ads ' out aud cancelled their orders for job work. . ? . ' You should be ashamed of yourself, said tho Mayor ; Mr. Horatio Eldergroove, whom you so ' violently abused in your scurrilous paper, is an Eastern capitalist who. came here to establish seven packing houses, employing 800,000 men. He has now gone away in disgust. And eo his name, was really Horatio Eldorgroore, groaned the heart-broken editor; aud he had green whiskers and one eye and a trunk and tusks a foot long. Well, .it was just my luok. 