3j -will be admitted that the 8^. Kilda city oonndl Have bad a par tzdulatlj bard taslc in '«ndeavoiuiiig to obtain a site for the -disposal of Diglitspll. As they told the Hwister of HefQth on Holiday in reply to the objedtions of €be' Moorabbin shire fechmczl,' they sot'aside £6,000 out of1 a lofin to' erect a' destructor 'on a reserye near tbe -Bed - Bluff, - which - waB the only suitable site' within.its j territory, bat the Lands department declined to allow that work to be proceeded with. The council then endeavoured to have the nightaoil sent -into the country by train, bat the people living near the railway Btataon, where it waa proposed to -place tKepanson the teucfa, obj eoted . It was then auggested that the pans' might be sent by steamer to Franks ton or eozne other locality in that direction, but inquiries showed that the cost would be prohibitive. As the sewerage system, it was reckoned, would be in operation 'in St. Kilda in about three years* time it was un reasonable to expect the council to go to the expense of erecting deetruotore which would be melees at the end of that time. The depot would bo in n remote part of Moorabbin where the population was sparse. The Moorabbin council had objected to its establishment there partly on the grounds that the carts would cut up the roads in that shire* but it had altogether overlooked the fact that the St Kilda council had expended a considerable sum of money on the Brighton-road, which was largely used by the market- gardeners of Moorabbin in bringing their produoe into the city. Ooncise and pointed as this state ment of the mayor's was, It does Bot do more than indicate the trouble, vexation, and delay which has been forced upon the St. Kilda council in an endeavour to comply with the law, and unfortunately the end seems as far off as ever, since the Minister has, at the request of the Speaker, pro mised to inspect the proposed site — an inspection which in the nature of things political will mean a further shelving of the matter. The electors should remember that difficulties such as these which vex them as ratepayers are due to the negligence of their representatives in Parliament. In 1874 tolls were swept away with a promise of a remedy being speedily found — a promise unfulfilled to this day. This is one great example of the inability of Parliament to cany legislation to a successful issue, and the patch work of health laws which actually make it mandatory that the nightsoil of a city should be consumed within its own boundaries, coupled with administration which forbids obedi ence to the mandate, is a sample of legislation about as bad as it is possible to conceivc. Oub Gallery of Portraits this week contains a very excellent likeness of a gentleman whose name has been, much rant at ted duriog the paBttew weeks. We allude to Cr. Jacob Miller, the newly, elected representative of tbe NorLh ward in 'the 6t. Kilda council. Cr. Miller it well-known in the city, of which he is ao old resident, and as oar artist and en imtvo* »—« - — -a ? xcaitnes, the portrait will be generally xecogoised. We fclso present oar readers with a very faith* fal portrait of St. Hilda's re-elected mayor, Cr. Jacoby. Yesterday afternoon a number of prominent gentleman were entertained at ioncheon at ' tbe Esplanade Hotel, St. Eilda. by Cr. Jacoby, in bouorof that gentle man's re-election as mayor of St. Kilda. After a sumptnoos repast, a nnmber of toasts were honoured, tbe health of the popular host being disposed of in a par* ticularly enthusiastic manner, Mr. James Orkney, ez-U.L.A., the proposer, paying a gracefol tribute to the worth of that gentleman both as a public man and a private citizen. The gathering, whifii was of a pleasant character, was very largely attended. The Rev. Da. Danne, formerly of tbe Alma-road Congregational Church, St. Kilda, who is now running tbe Richmond Tabernacle, appeared at tbe Prahran court on Thursday to answer for a breach of the railway bye-laws. Tbe evidence showed that he had a second-class exccss ticket when found in a first-class carriage at Elstemwick. In dcfencc it was explained that Dr. Dannc travelled from Richmond to Melbourne and on returning entered an express train which went throogh to Bala clava, where an excess ticket was taken oat for Elsternwickand back to Richmond. The defendant was noticed by a railway official to enter a first-class carriage and followed to Elstemwick, -where tbe pass wab demanded. The defendant denied that be had ever been in the habit of travelling with an inferior ticket iiT a superior compartment. A fine of 20s. with £2 2s. costs was imposed. A meeting will be beld in the School of Aits rooms at the^Piibran~Town-Lall on Thursday evening next under the auspices ot tbe newly-formed Order of. the Golden Legion to explain the objects of ttiat organ isation, to enrol members, and to form a Prahran lodge. The order has a twofold aim, both 'eodsl and industrial : In' con* nectiun with the former, steps are now being taken with a view to forming a mili tary .band, -orchestra «nd phoir, which pro mises to be the finest in the suburbs. The commercial and industrial aims of the order are, as we have before indioated, of an elaborate natnre, but especially in the present condition of Xbe colony, /will, well bear thoughtful consideration. . Ladies are /especially invited to attend next Than, day's meeting, over which the mayor is ex pected to preside. . A. deputation from the Uaulfield ooun cil woke tbe ratlwky comttiSsslonerii np .ipn1 Wednesday respecting the drain at Oaulfield station which the Board of Health has con demned and asked thatit should be con structed from the station to the Unrram beeoa Creek, a distance of aboot half a mile. The commissioners replied that they understood the drain £adbeen made origin* ally by the council and the Railway Department jointly, and it was possible that tbeOakleigh council was also involved. They would have inquiries made as to the responsibility of -these councils in the matter, and -would call, ior a report as to what.was.neoemiy tojnakeihe. drain un objectionable. \- Ma.-^^ ^HotraH,;, the well -known ' draper, c£-phapd*«treet, Prahran, is creat ing quite** etir in ^tbe city, where his enterprise is tiebg expended at a. terrific rate, notwithstanding the depressed state of the times. Not satisfied with the ao* quirement of the tow of shops, Kos. 211, ; 211a, 213 and 215, the latter having ondergooecjctenrive alterations which. bas made^ttme of tbe best shops in the street,' he is no w. negotiating With Hr. Osment for tboee' large premises next door Teoently racated by Hr. Smith, Who canieg on tbe drapery badness therein for many years.: If successful in making satisfactory terms, which is very probable, Hr. Hough's front age will almost eclipse Hark Foy's laige establishment at Oollicgwood. Indeed, it is stated that Hr. Hough's intention is to create a trade Non even a more extensive scafe 'titan bis Oollingwood rival, , and tbereby^Wtain ^or' the district the vast badness that goes to tbe suburb over the Yarra. If - Hr. Hough can succeed Id ' creating an attraction of this kind in Prahran be will deserve a C.M.G.-ship, or some other distinction. The familiar colloquialism, 'like father, like child,' aptly applies in respect to the development of musical genius in the family of Mr. W. D, Evans, well-known locally as a gifted musician, and who com bines with his profession the art of making money as an estate agent at 45 Chapel street, Windsor. As might be expected, his children inherit their father's gifts and promise to attain an enviable repotation in tbe musical world. Hiss May Evans, the eldest daughter, who has jast started as a teacher of the pianoforte, has had her talents carefully developed under the tuition of Hr. Charles Sykes, organist of St Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, the yonng lady having been a pupil of that successful master of theart for over three yean ; since which perioTshe has had the advantage of three years, careful study under Hiss Wood, the. talented -sister of Mr. Ernest Wood, organist of St Paul's , Cathedral, Melbourne. So that her natural | gifts have had tbe best of attention from childhood up to the present time, and in the opinion of those who have had ex* perience of the 'young lady's skill on the pianoforte she bas done credit to her in structors. Hiss Evans bas an excellent touch and brilliant execution, and promises to make her mark in the professional world. As announced in another column, she is now prepared to receive a limited number of pupils at 45 Chapel-street, Windsor, where a suite of rooms have been furnished and provided with a first-class Broadwood piano for the benefit of pupils. The rooms are central and convenient, and we have no hesitation in recommending Miss Evans as a teacher who will succeed in imparting her gifts to others. The young lady's private address is at ' Ban gor,' corner of Sutherland and Wattle Tree roads, Armadale. Palpable disgust sat on the features of the councillors of St. Hilda last Hon* day, when the objections of tbe Moorabbin council, like Banqno's ghost, showed that they refused to remain qaiescent The mayor, in very tired accents, said that when, after everything had been arranged, all the final stipulations of the Board of Health bad been -agreed to, and the con tractors were going on with their prepara tions, at the last moment, the twelfth hoar, so to Bpeak, the Moorabbin council, with the powerful aid of Hr. Thomas Bent,- bad got at the Hinister for Health and per suaded him hot to allow the site chosen to be gazetted. He (the mayor) and the town cleric, assoon as they heard of this, waited on Mr, Topp, Dj. Gresswell, and the Hinister, and at list persuaded the latter to promise to consider the due and to visit tbe premises himself. In the midst of the general disheartenment with which the news of this serious eheck was mind to advise the toWif clerk to telephone the Hinister and stipnUte tbat when he visited the place, if the president of tbe Moorabin shire or Mr. Bent were to be with him, Mayor Jacoby should also be of the party. It is an intolerable state of things that the relief of the necessities of St. Kilda, recognised and approved of by the Board of Health after a fair and open fight with the Moorabbin people, should be baulked by an underhand, backstairs trick of the Moorabbin councillors and their ally, tbe member for Brighton ; and It is time we learned whether it is the latter gentleman or the people of St. Kilda who are to have the say about 'what is for the interests of the city. * A 'lively case was heard before the fit Kilda court on Tuesday, when one Sharp proceeded against Mrs. Honk for wages dne. Plaintiff claimed that he was em ployed to oversee tbe moving of defend ant's furniture from Kew, lived in the house, did odd jobs and errand?, and escorted Hrs. Monk when she went out, more than hinting that the last duty was a particularly arduous one owing to defend ant's partiality for intoxicants ; and for his services he claimed fifteen shillings per week. The defence was that plaintiff forced bis services on the Monks, and tbat there was never any question of wages, bis lodging being ample remuneration for any work that he did ; and that he bad twice been ordered out of the bouse, and locked out, which broad hint be declined to accept, good-humouredly returning by his bedroom window. The .bench dismissed the case. A veby ruts pboo&AUHE; has been issued by Mr. G. Gibbs Jordan in connec tion with tbe inaugural concert to be given on Monday evening next at the Toorak Wesleyan schoolroom by the Toorak Hod 'cal Society which is affiliated withlbe literary socxety oMnat name, , i^igre arein all 28 items, tbe soloists inclndidg Miss Hichell, Hiss Cerrntly, Mr. D. J. Gordon, Hr. A. W. Pelt and other popular artists ; the society will Tender several part songs, while a Bpeoial attraction will ' be the appearance of the P.S A. A orchestra, which, in addition to -assisting in the oonoerted pieces, will render a . number of selections , ao that altogether «n enjoyable musical -evening may be expected. . A young woman named Annie JfeKellar, canying on business as a; dressmaker in Chapel-street, Windsor, died. rather sud denly on Tuesday. Prior to death tbe deoeased hadbeen attended $or a sfewdays only by Dr. Joske, but before be could diagnose the oomplaint deceased saccumbed , A poet mortem examination by Dr. Joske having revealed the fitcV that death bad been ca&sed; by acnte peritonitis^ an inqaest has been deemed unnecessary. !' A good stobt' is hieing, told ,in connec tion with the Bail ef Hopetoun. lt appears that on his coming of age there ;was a great jgatfaering of the Hope famQy A the ances tral seat adjoining Lord ? fiosebety's, near Edinburgh, On the Sunday following tbe festivities the family went in .a body to church to attend s service and hear a sermon specially appropriate to - tbe. auspicious occasion. Fancy their feelings on hearing tiie opening words of the maladroit Presby terian preacher— ''Why, brethren; this world * A seeviob OF song of a temperance character entitled ' Her Only Son,' com* posed by Hesba Stretton and set to mu6ic by John Burnham, was given in connection with the Christian Endeavour Society at the South Yarra Baptist Church, on Wednesday ev*nin& by some 30 voices under the baton - Hr. S. Wait* _ tum T. J. Halyon, , LL.B., contributing the connective readings. The audience was a large one and the rendition was an un deniable success. Solos were contributed by the Hisses Gobs, H. Drayton, E. Bandy, 6impkin, Turner, F. Waite, Brown, and Master E. White. Much praise is due to Mr. Watte and his vocalists for having by painstaldog rehearsal provided an enter I lainment worthy of the highest eulogium, i and tbe musical narrative would well bear repetition. In addition to the donation of £5 &s; made by Mn. H. M. Gooch, in the manner which called for our eulogistic comment in last Wednesday's issue in respect to that , lady's sagacity in getting over a delicate i point, tbe committee of the Prahran, 6outh Yarn and Toorak . Ladies' Benerolent Society have received a further sum of £o 6s., making a total revenue of £10 10s. from the surplus funds of the recent mayoral return ball at Prahran, the latter amount having been voted by tbe com mittee. The former sum was voted to Mr. H. M. Gooch, J.P., the honorary secretary, in appreciation .-of bis energetic efforts in piloting the arrangements for the ball through so successfully ; but that gentle* man refused the solatium, whereopon the committee, determined not to be outwitted, handed tbe amount to Mrs. Gooch, who settled the difficulty in a graceful manner by making the ball committee and the ladies of the benevolent society mntually happy. By. the' way, the funds of the Prahran Creche have also benefited to tbe extent of £3 Ss., from the surplus funds of tbe aforesaid ball. With bespbct to tbe proposed amalga mation of tbe City of Prahran and the Windsor Masonic lodges, to which we alluded in last Saturday's issue, we find that we have fallen into an error in respect .to the history of tbe lodges in question. Instead of -he Windsor Lodge, being an offspring of the City of Prahran Lodge, the reverse is the caSe, and injustice to the worthy mother of a worthy child wa make the correction. In doing so we would express tbe bope tbat the proposal will be duly accomplished so that parent and child may be all the better able to advance the caase of Masonry in this district. . , ? Tbe stbebt-oleavbino. contract for St. Kilda terminates this year, snd.was th e subjeot of lively discussion, in the coundl on Monday, Three years ago, in antidpa - tion.of a continuance of boom gtowfh, the contract was made with an increase each year, whioh was thought rather a good stroke of business at the time, but whioh turned out to be decidedly a fat tbinj^ for tbe contractor. On tbe question of calling for tenders for a renewal of tbe contract; Cr. Connlbere strongly opposed, consider ing that altogether too much was {Mid 'for cleansing, and endeavouring to get tbe matter posfponed^for further consideration* and there were' strong indications that there-was a possibility of resorting to day labor. 'Cr. Harriott, while believing that theeost'conld be reduced, thought -nothing should be done to lessen the -«$oiene^ --f tbe service which had made St. Kflda'the most sanitary city around Helbourne. - Tbe recommendation to call for tendea was adopted, with the tacit understanding, however, '^hat the introdootion ef day labor should be thoroughly, ,'gone into be foreli decision was arrived at ' ' Ma, J. Albebt Mallinson, the popular organist of St George's Presbyterian Church, East St. Kilda, by way of afford ing the musical public a treat, has been induced to give a chamber concert at tbe Atbensum Hal], Collins-street, on Wed nesday evening next, when the programme will include three concerted items and four vocal numbers of that talented gentle man's own composition. Amongst these will be two new works of ambitious calibre —a Qaartet in D minor for piano and strings, and a Sonata in E minor for violin and piano, and the concert will be of an. ceptionally high -class order throughout Mr. Mallinson will be assisted by Madame Anna Steinhauer, Mr. A. H. Gee, Herr Dierich, Herr Schrader and Mr. F. Clatsam, and the programme will include Beethoven's C minor trio (op. 1, No. 3) for violin, violin cello and pianoforte. The prices of ad mission are, three shillings for reserved seats, and one shilling unreserved, and tbe box plan is now open at Allan's, The spouting libel action at Bendigo, in which the Bendigo Independent was sued for £2,500 damages by two local racing men who considered themselves badly used in connection with an exposure of their ways by the Independent, bas ended in a decided victory for oar out spoken goldficld contemporary, which bas proved tbe right of the Press to comment on public gatherings. We try to keep up to date with tbe Mercantile Bank cases, but oar Melbourne contemporaries have so many writers and caricaturists busily engaged in frightening the magistrates and juries who may have to deal with the case that we have hardly a show to keep pace with them. We don't care very much whether the whole of the defendants arc lynched as tbe Age suggests, -«» nucbuer'uiey are vein, lu.gavx wiiKmiv the Argttt proprietary, who divided the spoils in tbe shape of fat advertisements, but we do protest against the indecent way in whioh the Melbourne Press has laid itself out to inflame the publio mind against men who arc about to stand their trial on a charge which curiously enongh they forget tbe late Mr. U'Donald, J.P., struck out on the ground that it ought not to be hanging over tbem. Here is a vile dog«?rel writer in the Age, for example, piping out stuff like tbe following ' So there's now to be a trial, An' they won't take a denial, Dut will see and find out why all The trouble's oome about Aa to how the peoples' savin's, Widout any sign of latin's, I Seem, loike a bunch o' sha Yin's, | To have vanished up the spout.' ' I And that cleverly exeooted cartoon of I Carrington's in tbe Au-gtraZaeian is like : wise as gross an attempt to interfere with the course of justice as that for which Mr. James Thomson went -to gaol, and is de grading to honest journalism. Ca. Milleb, the newly-elected member for the North ward at St. Kilda, desires us to state that the mayoral allowance of £250 was not agreed to unanimously. He was a dissentient — the only one, certainly — and he fully expressed his opinions to his brother councillors. It was, moreover, well- knowo that on the public platform at the town hall at the meeting of the candi dates for election be expressly disapproved of the yearly allowance. \-- - The remains of Miss Louisa Angela Hayes, whose tragic death by accidental shooting at Geelong was reported in our issue of Wednesday, were interred in the St. Kilda cemetery on Tuesday last, the cortege, which left her parents' residence in Commercial-road, Prahran, being fol- lowed by a large number of sympathisers, amongst whom were several police officers, the father of the deceased being a superannuated member of the force. The hearse was drawn by four horses, and en route to the cemetery the body was taken to St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, East St. Kilda, where a portion of the burial service was read. The nature of the death and the esteem in which the deceased and her family are held combined in making the obsequies of a particularly melancholy nature. The mortuary arrange- ments ,were ably conducted by Mr. A.J. Raybould, of Chapel-street, Prahran. The anglican Sunday-school Associa tion prize*! 1st contains the following awards .to local teachers: — Advanced section (Christian evidence) , ' first- class honor list, Arthur Wadswortb, Alt Saint's, East St. Kilda. Intermediate section (Bible prayer book, artioles, set lesson) ; first-class honor list-r-1, JSIeaoor May Moore, St Martin's, *Hawksbnrn ; 4, Louisa A. Wilson, St GeorgeX Malvern ; 6, Amy tiybella Moore; Christ Church, South Yarn ; 8, Alice fctay Moore, 8t. 'Martin's Hawksbura ; second class honor, list— 8, Maud Hutton, Christ Churoh;'Bouth Yarra ; Janle E. Bobertson, St,- George's, Malvern, Preliminary section .(Bible catechism), passed wjth credit Mary C, . E. Devonshire, -£t. .George's, Malvern; 7» Charles W. Gordon, All Saints, East 6t Kilda ; Kate A; Ridoutt, St George's, M&lvem; ; passed — 2, Alice JL Waidle, Christ 'Church, South'. Yam ; 4, Mabel Wood, Christ Church, South Yarra; 7, Hilda Sleigh, Christ Church, South Yarra# Ths light-weight bread business^ was touobed on in the St, Kilda council on Monday, apropos of a ^request from the secretary of the reoent conference on tbe subject that the council ask their parliamentary representatives to- support the recommendations adopted by the con ference. Cr. Connibere, one of Uie oouncQ's delegates to the conference, urged that the council iake immediate action, as the amending act passed by the Lower House would shortly come before the Upper, and it was desirable that the conference's re commendations should be incorporated in it These recommendations, briefly, were | that tbe weight of all bread should be fixed, ' | that bakers Should weigh their -bread over ! the .counter to purchasers, and that tbe standard weight should apply to fancy as well as to plain loaves without distinction, except that bakers might charge a different price for fancy bread. - The conference were unanimous in the recommendations, as were the Haster Bakere' Association, and immediate action was desirable so that they could be incorporated in the amending Act Cr. Jeans supported stating that the reput able bakers d esi red the change to enable them to live against the competition of the short weighters, and the suggestion was agreed to after it had been so worded as not to offend Cr. Moore's fastidious taste by seem iag to dictate to the parliamentary re presentatives that they should support the amendments instead of politely insinuating that the council would respeotfully invite them to seriously consider the matter. Hb Wesslink, the first clerk of the Prahran council, is pretty well-known for his courtcs/ and attention to bnsiness and these qualities were exemplified in connection with the social events of the last mayoral year, most pf the arrangements being carried out by Mr. Wesslink. Tbe retiring mayor, Cr. G. L. Skinner, has gracefully acknowledged the value of these services io tbe following letter : — ' Dear Sir.— I cannot vacate my official position as mayor of the city without expressing my appreciation of the valuable assistance rendered by you to Hrs. Skinner and myself, more especially in connection with the Social Hour initiated by us, in the success of which I feel sure you were as much interested as ourselves, I enclose a copy of my photo which I trust you will accept as a small token of my regard.' The Camellia and Bulb Show which was opened in the hall of the Victorian Horticultural Society on Wednesday after noon was fully up to expectation, the display of floral treasures being a magni ficent one, the number of exhibits being enormous and the quality of a very high standard— the show being in fact the best which the society has held. Several of our local growers were exceedingly well re presented, Messrs. BrunningandSonsof St Kilda carrying off a number of first prizes. The general management of \be show re flects the highest credit upon tbe com mittee and on Mr. Jas. Kirkland, the courteous secretary. A useful outlet for the youthful exuberance of spirits has been afforded to the yoang men of the Balaclava district by tbe formation of a gymnasium and athletic club at the schoolroom of Holy Trinity Church, where muscular Christian ity will be developed, and healthy and in nocent amusement offered to supersede tbe aimle&s; street-loitering which is the curse of young Australia. A skilled instructor bas been engaged, and the exercises in clude clubs, dumb-bells, horizontal bar, ladder and pole climbing, &c.; The class, although started only lately, is rapidly growing in numbers and popularity, and as the entrance fee is kept very low as a matter of policy, donations an solicited J from residents of the district in aid of an : enterprise whose results cannot but be beneficial. We wish Dr. Torrance every saccess in bis endeavour to turn youintul energies in a healthy direction. It is pleasant to find a feeling of barmony existing between councillors and their officers and this has been given expression to by tbe ex-mayor of Prahran, Cr. G. L. Skinner, in a letter addressed to tbe town clerk, Mr. John Hinde, in which he expresses his thanks for the cordial manner in which that gentleman assisted and co-operated with him in bis many undertakings, both official and sooial, and in the former bore testimony to Mr. Hinde's ability and discretion and in the latter to his untiring zeal and tact 'I desire also,' continued Cr. Skinner, ' to thank tbe officers of the council for their uniform courtesy and for the manner in which they performed their duty. I shall always look back with pleasure on my relations with tbe officials representing the council.' Oub temperance friends will appre ciate tbe pungent flavor of tbe following item from the tyildvra Jrrigationi&t; \ — 'It may seem strange, but it is nevertheless true,' dedares our coptemporary, ' tbat aloobol regularly applied to a thrifty settler's stomach will remove the netting from the fence, let the rabbits into his crops, kill his fruit trees, mortgage bis farmj and sow his fleld with wild oats and thistles. It will take the paint off his building, break the glass out of the windows, and fill them with rags. It will take the gloss from his clothes, and polish from his manners' subdue his reason, arouse his passions, bring sorrow and disgrace upon his family, and topple him into a drunkard's grave.' The Bretoeri Journal could not indite a better temperance paragraph. The ' Rational Sunday " idea, which means a free concert or a spicy show with some legs in it if possible as the only condi tion upon which the public will pay for admission, if permitted, is very much of a failure. The ' Rationalists ' are ready to go anywhere on Sunday if the amusement is free, but how little they really value it, themselves is shown by the fact that they won't contribute a half-penny bit to the cost. - Every device ' to make them do so seems to have failed, and it is abundantly evident that 'free' affairs on Sunday will never be a success in this country. We are not bigoted and we don't want to force our opinions down other people's throats but we guess that the logic of facts has proved that Charles Dickens and the editor of this paper were right on the Sunday question in spite of the Melbourne Argus, An INSTANCE of the defeotive legislation not uncommon in the construction of colo nial statutes, Was brought out at the 8U Kilda court on Tuesday, when Mr. William Smltham, of the Greyhound Hotel, was proceeded against by. the exdse offlcere for opening a cask of beer without defacing the exdse stamp, Hr. 6am Lyons pointed i out, first) that tbe brewery were in fault in | not placing tbe stamp over the feplgott hole ; but his main contention wps that 'section 16 of the Beer Act provides that Many person opening' a cask without de facing the stamp shall be liable, wfeereas j in this instanoe, Hr. -Smithatp being ill and unable to attend to business for a | fortnight, the cask in question was opened ! by his son, a lad. The case was accord-1 giy dismissed.' * i The St. Kilda A.N.A., will have a huge jollification next Tuesday at the 6t, KQda Town-ball in the 'library' room, making a sew departure in the way of entertaining their friends by a dramatic entertainment, which bas been in active and asBtduous rehearsal for some time. The bill will be the sterling two*act drama V Sitter Cold,' characters to be token by -Messrs. Kemp, Carroll, Orr, HcCloy, Apps, and Arnott, and UisBes Holloway and Stxattoui. Hr. Orr, stage-manager, has painted some new-scenery for the occasion whioh is said to be up to the best metro politan standard. The evening will con clude with a Cinderella dance and the whole entertainment will be furnished to the fortunate pnblio who are in time to secure tickets at the very modest price of one shilling sterling. We - shall not be surprised to see the audience 'overflow the dimensions of the room in all directions. The new loan schedule for St Kilda, whereby certain moneys in the original schedule not now required for the purposes then mentioned are to beiallotted to other uses, came before the St. Kilda coundl on Monday, when a letter was recdved from the Hon. George Turner, member for tbe district, sketching the progress of the Act of Parliament required to give effect to tbe change. Hr. Turner wrote tbat when tbe bill came up before tbe Assembly there were several private bills in the way and he prevailed on the House .to treat it as a public hill, whereby it was passed at once through all its stages and sent to the coun cil. There he entrusted the care of it to Sir Frederick Sargood, under whose guid ance it was passed and it would recdve the royal assent in a few days. Or. Hoors considered that the coundl had reason to congratnlate themselves on the expedition shown, and Cr. Connibere agreed, referring to tbe boon that It would be to the Sooth ward by enabling tbem to get the drainage of Carlisle and Inkerman-streets carried out. Cr. Stedeford called attention to tbe fact that private bills as a general thing coBt £400 or £600 to get through* whereas through Cr. Turner's doing all the work himself the cost to the coundl would be nil, and the ratepayers were therefore under a distinct indebtedness to their member. The mayor endorsed all that been said and did not believe that another man in the House could have done what Mr, Turner did — get a little bill through when there were four private bills ahead of him, and no thanks could be too great for what be had done in this 'instanoe and many times before. A vote of thanks was ordered to be entered on tbe minutes and forwarded to Mr. Turner and Sir Frederick , Sargood for tbdr valuable services. The election of a president of tbe Canlfield shire council has been 'postponed in accordance with custom untU tbe ordinaiy meeting of the council on Wednes day evening next. As we indicated the election is a very open one, oo less than three councillors being named for the position, so tbat the appointment will -be attended with more than ordinaiy interest When the Fise Jubilee Singers sWted out nearly barefoot and with more hope in tbdr hearts than cash in thdr pockets, and precious little of either, to slug tbe trea- I suryof their university foil, they found, even where tbe utmost sympathy was extended to them, where their balls were ! packed to the doore with enthusiastic I audiences, that giving a free concert and taking up a collection was a failure. There are alwayn a great lot of people who are enthusiastic in. everything. 'jsavie thdr pockets. This experience is repeated ,at nearly all. the musical Sunday Services which are now so popular, for even In those cases where thecollection totals up a goodly sum the giving 4e 'done by the -tew. A scrutiny of tbe collection at the choral service given by tbe Bible Christians and Baptist choira in tbe Prahran Town-ball last Sunday showed that upwards of 40 0 persons who were present failed to give anything, which reminds as that the choral part of tbe service will be repeated to morrow evening in, the Grandriew*grove Bible Christian Church, when the Rev. P. E. Mallalien, the popular parsbn of the church, will give an address. Family Jealousy led Margaret Gmttige to complain against her worser.balf at St, Kilda court on Tuesday, anent a black eye he had given her as the result of a qoarrat Complainant evidently bad command of a copious flow of language, and the readily credited defendant's statement tbat ebe ' riled' him by following bfm about and accusing him of going with other women— an impeachment which :hfl denied with virtuous -indignation, The bench fined accused Is., or 6 hours' im prisonment, and bound Him over in his own recognisance to keep the peace. It I was broogbt to tbe notice of the bench tbat 1 accused was not in funds to pay' for (he necessary stamp on the bond, whereat the justices -( chipped in' the required 5s., and the document was completed. Cricket doings.— There is a good de&l; of stir in local cricketing circles. Tbe St Matthew's Club hdd.tbeir annual meeting on Tuesday, when office-bearers for tbe year were elected, Mr. ~E. H, Martin N^ng appointed honorary ! secretary. ^ it was decided not to enter for any cup . competi- tions. A meeting of ddegates from the fourth-rate clubB Intending to compete for Mr. Browning's trophy will be hdd at Peagram's, Chapel-street, .Windsor,.: on Tuesday evening. Hr. A: J.'&aybould;, of Chapel-street, Prahran, is also offering for competition a silver cup to all third-rate clubs which have not been in existence more than- three ? yean. ? 'A~~meeHfag~' ol delegates will be hdd at the Royal George on Friday evening next Accidents will happen in the best regulated families, and it was some such aeddent, or some malign imp of darkness who gave a twist to our reporter's pen, that made ust say on .Wednesday, 'in our report of tbe deotion of the mayor of 8L TTlMa) tbat it was Cr. Stedeford who made the nomination, instead ' of - Or. Connibere. The latter gentleman was the next in order of Seniority for ' the ^-position, but was obliged to decljne it for personal reasons* and bit nomination of Mayor Jacoby was made in a spirit of gracefol kindliness and courteous appreciation to which our neces sarily condensed -report failed to do jostioe. Mr. H. H. Goooh ,' J.P. ' the -well-known wine expertised merahant, bas teen a prominent exhibitor' at the : Royal ^Agri cultural Show this week,, which is coa aidered the chief wine competition of the year. 11 The, raoe: between Mr. H. H. Gooch and Hr. F. Grosse for .first place,' \ says the~Hdbourne Argue, has 'been ' a very keen' one; .and thougti/the latter, in winning a championship, gains preoedeaoe, Mr. Goocb/laldng tbe lirt Vlgbtthrgujb, has shown, his customary sound judgment in sdectingwfnes for coiqpetiifoL' , 