WAS IT A GHOST TBKY SAW 1 \ Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at No. 212, Mais-street, Bridgeport, aod Miss Miczjie Parrot boards with her. Tbe house is en old one, bat, ia good order. One eight early in December (1691) the two women iouked all tbe doors and went to the : theatre, leafing not a 6oal in the boose. They left tbe gas burning, however, in the front parloar. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered tbe bouse laagh ing and talking. But as tbey went into the parlour the merry humour died out of thorn in a second. Bight in tbe middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic etatarc. The upper part of bis fs-£ was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves were rolled ap, ana ia one band bc carried a ioog, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from' the rooa, aod when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no oac in the parlour and all tbe doors and windows securely locked. What was it the womea saw ? ?' During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, 'I bad' slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of tbese nights about two o'clock, 1 was suddenly aroused from a dose by ic/idt teemed Ufa the calling nf tinj name ; and at the foot of tbe bed stood tbe image of my mother just as &he; looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which juuraey ebe was killed in a railway disaster. X ecreamcd and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and tbe local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Vet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen St since, and it's more than three years ago now.'r No doubt it was tbe nerves. Why, then/* no end to the tricks the serves wiii play off on you when yoar system is out of condition. In March. 1800, it was, that Mrs. .lane Foster, of Darracott-rond, Pokes down, Hants, \v...:e ns as follows:—'/ ttwrw dreadfully nerrau* I could oot bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish tbera far away in case 1 should call out for help. This was in June, 1869. 1 slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a scvete pain in my bead and over my eyes, aod I was sick most of tbe time. Ely skin was dry and yellow, and tbe stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By- and-by I hnd to lie helpless in bed. Tbe doctor said bc didn't know what my complaint was. 1 took—nothing hut liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was no» thing but skin aod bone. My metitarg completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I sboald lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would 1 never get better. 1 ' 1 bad given ap all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, aod was cared by Mother Seigcl'fi Curative 6ymp. As ebe seemed to have so much faith in tbis medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week 1 went downstairs. Now 1 am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me.'' Tbe malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. Tbe original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and tbe system rallied only when the Syrop had given new vigour to tbe digestion and thus fed and toned tbe nerves. Whatever may bc your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remaios true that moBt uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother fieigel's Syrap does its work the eye and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. A little friend of ours was recently taken to the barber's shop to have his hair cut for the first time. As the bar ber cut and clipped, the little fellow seemed to become alarmed, for he sud denly said, 'You'll leave enough to grow, won't you, mister?' They Won't Own It-— What is ft that ladies are always getting which they do no; Wbyf fgeujnir.old.. , ^- : ^ 