International lesscnv SUNDAY, DECEMBEB 10th. I Pethb i., 1-12. THE HEAVENLY INHERITANCE. Golden Text (Col. i. 12). — ' Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light.' . , . THE SALUTATION. The writer of this epistle speaks of himself here as Peter. This was not his only name. We meet him inthe early pages of the Gospel as Simon. He was one of the Apostles of our Lord. During our Lord's ministry he shared with James and John a very prominent position amongst the Apostles. This letter was written ' to - the strangers scattered abroad through out Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia ' (ver. 1). The word ' strangers ' means ' sojourners.' They were Jews whose real home was Palestine, but who were living in the districts mentioned. The description applied to them by the writer in verse 2 i'j very interesting and instructive. They were 'elect,' that is ' chosen,' 'according to the foreknowledge uf G-od the Father.' Three elements in their spiritual life are noted. (1) ' Sprinkling of .the blood of Jesus Christ,' which means that these strangers were forgiven a,nd cleansed. (2) ' Sanctification of the Spirit ; ' they were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, who was ever with them, leading, instructing, purifying, saving them. (3) ' Obedience ; ' which term calls attention to their religious life being a voluntary sub mission on their own part to the claims of God. ' Grace unto you, and peace, be multiplied.' 'Grace ' means 'favour.' As the term is employed here, no doubt it means also those spiritual blessings which are granted through the un deserved mercy of G-od. THE ASCRIPTION. ' Blessed be the G-od and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ ' (ver. 3). We must not suppose that because the Father is called jthoj God of our Lord Jesus Christ that Jesus Christ was not G-od. He was the true G-od. But He is. regarded here in his re demptive capacity. He took upon Himself human nature, and God can be spoken of as the God of the man Christ Jesus. The matter for praise was the living hope which Christians possessed through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from' the dead. The object of the Christian hope is described in verse 4 as 'an inheritance incorruptible, undefiled, and that fadeth not away.' The inheritance is the sal \tq firm on/1 orlnvrr toVii/-Vi aha 1 1 Via flin of the children of G-od in the ht avenly world. It is called incorruptible.' All earthly inheritances are corruptible, that is, perishable. This living hope is entertained by us through the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Peter was one of the eye-witnesses of the risen Jesus. Christ showed Him self to Peter on the day of the resur rection. THE TBIAL OP FAITH. The ' strangers ' to whom this letter was addressed were placed in circum stances of great suffering. Believers were assailed .with ' manifold. , temptst- tions,' and no'dpubt oiife of these great trials was persecution; They would test, and prove the reality of faith. The religious life of believers would be all the better for this painful process. The reference to the sufferings of Christ in verse 11 would no doubt be very encouraging to the readers; In other places in the epistle reference is made to the Bame sufferings. Those trials ended in glory. He, for the joy that was set before Him, endured the Cross, despising the shame. Those who followed Christ in suffering would also live with Him in glory. 