Robbed P Last Saturday's metropolitan daily papers came out with figures in the great Robb arbitration ease that must have given a turn to everyone who, through good and evil report, had adhered trustfully to the common honesty of some of our leading public men'. From, information derived from various sources we were under the im pression that Mr. Robb or his leaal advi sers had fixed his counsel's fees at the enormous figures afterwards given as accepted by Government counsel, and we fondly pictured in our innocent mind's eye burning democrats, like Sir Samuel Griffith and Mr. Drake, impelled by the inexorable dictates of their ancient union, patriotically accepting such ex travagant remuneration in preference to depriving the country of their essential services. Knowing that this union wns at once the oldest, the closest, and the most pitiless in the world, we could not blame the unionists for their loyalty — and nere Jet it be observed that th« Darling Downs Gazette has always favoured legitimate unionism in all stations of life. — but we did hope, and duly gave expression to it, that when the case was over these patriots would find a way to refund at least half their exorbitant fees and refresher*. With so much illustrious legal talent the dis covery oE such a way should not be impossible. So reasoned we in the strength of a trustfulness which lias now received a crushing blow. For according to tho Courier and Telegraph, the fees and refreshers fixed for Mr. Robb's counsel could have had nothing to do with those presented to the Government side — unless as proportionals. But it is hardly possible to conceive the Govern ment bar taking Mr. Kobb's figures and coolly doubling them for themselves. Yet somethiun like this is what must have be^n done if credit is to bo given to the statements of tho two metropolitan papers. ? One ghost of a hope remains in certain discrepancies between these statements. They re late more especially to the contractor's side, and, strangely enough, it is that side on which both authorities aro most assured. The figures given by the Courier are 'as nearly accurate as it is possible to give them.' ' In regard to the fees paid to the contractor's counsel less secrecy has been observed, and the following figures are the most correct yet published.' Thus the Tele graph, which then proceeds to differ con siderably from the figures published in the morning paper. According to tho latter Messrs. Power and Eutledge's fees were 350 guineas each, whereas the Telegraph puts them at 300 and 200 guineas respectively. It also reduces Messrs. Lilley and 'Woolcock's to 200 guineas each from the Courier's 300 on/1 O^rVo'iiinnna In I ib»£i mnnnau 4-.\\\ 11 (*L1VA Ul/U KU4 11V t*tJ. Jl.1* iinu U1«I1I11-1 VUG evening authority cuts down Sir Samuel Griffith's . fee by 100 guineas, the morning oracle fixing it at GOO. 3ut all this is a mere trifle, an in such a case as this, which lasted 82 days, the fee, enormous as it may be considered, sinks into insignificance . before tho totalling up oE tho daily refreshers. And as rospects theBe revivifying douceurs both authorities nre iu absolute accord from start to finish. Let us therefore compare them, taking counsel with. counsel in accordance with seniority on both sides of the ca.se : — The Contractor. The Government. Mr. Power, 1*5 guineas Sir S. W. Griffith, 44 guineas — allbut three times as much. Mr. Rutledge, 15 Mr. Byrnes, 35 . guineas. , guineas — 2J times ? as much. Mr. Lilley, 15 guineas Mr. Drake, 32 guineas . — nearly ij time as much. Mr. Woolcock, 12 Mr. Shand, l8guineas guineas. — ;lJ time as much. That is to say, Mr. Robb'B counsel were paid 57 guineas per day and the Government counsel 119 guineas a day, or 5 guineas more than twice as much. It might not have looked well to have made it exactly double, and then it is always best to be on the safe side. ' Both our authorities, as stated, agree exactly regarding the refreshers. And we are afraid that the discrepancies on the more trivial point of fees must be taken as minor inaccuracies are accepted by exegetical writers — as proving be yond doubt the correctness of the more iicportant statements,' seeing that they must have been made from independent sources and not copied one from the other. How far this may be predicated of our two authorities we would rather not express an opinion. Enough for one article if we say that, supposing the figures here given be even approxi mately correct, they disclose a state of affairs to be reprobated by every honest person in the community. There is something peculiarly disgusting in Sir Samuel Griffith, the man of all respon sible for that most atrocious swindle, the Cairns railway, seizing his oppor tunity to batten on the legal carnage which arose, as it was bound to arise, over such a transaction. Having definitely and without enquiry committed the country to the making of a nearly worthless line which has cost £SO,000 a mile, and on winch over a quarter of a million more was chimed, he takes advantage of his position as head of the Government to pay himself at rates enormously in excess of those paid in any previous case in Queensland, if not in Australia, and thus pile on the costs in a transaction where every senti ment of honour and patriotism should have made him nervously anxious for economy. To shelter himself behind the Crown Solicitor, who nominally determined the fees, were too mean. Nevertheless this official should riot be allowed to evade the responsibility. In whatever difficulty he may have found himself, whatever pressure was brought to bear on him, there was always tho open door of resignation for refuge. If he forgot it then, he should not be allowed to forget it now. 