"CHRISTMAS EVE.S. Good fellows are laughing and drinking (To-night no heart should grieve), Bnt 1 am of old days thinking, Alone, on Christmas Eve. Old memories faBi are springing To life Bgain ; old rhymes Once more in my brain are ringing— Ah, God be with old times I There never was man so lonely, But ghosts walked him beside, For Death ovr spirits can only By veils of sense divide. N jmberiess as the blades of Grass in the liel Is that grow, Around ub hover the shades of The dead of long ago. Friends living, a word estranges, We smile, and we say ' Adieu 1' But, whatsoever else changes, Dead friends are faithful and true. An old-time tnne, or a flower, The simplest thing held dear In bygone days, has the power Once more to bring them near. And, whether it be through thinking Of memories sad and sweet. Or hearing the cheery clinking Of glasses across the street I know not ; but this is certain 1 hat, here in the dusk, I view Like shadows seen through a curtain, The shades of the friends I knew. Metbiuks that I hear their laughter— An echo of ghostly mirth, As if in the dim Hereafter They jest as they did on earth. The fancy possibly droll is, And yet it relieves my mind To think the enfranchised soul is So humorously inclined. But tome of the shades, that palely Glimmer here in the dusk, Still dwell, and meseems right gaily, On earth in a fleshy husk. The cry of soul unto soul hath A force to break all bars, And the same, and no lets, control bath From here to the lurthest stars. But hark 1 whose steps in the glancing Moonbeams are these I hear, That sound as if timed to dancing Mnsic of gallant cheer I Half Galahad, half Don Joan, His head foil of wild romance ; Twas thus that of old would Spruban Come Jilting " We met by chance." There never was spirit lighter Of heart qnaffed mountain dew ; Never was goblin brighter That Oberon'i kingdom knew. And though at this season yearly I miss the grasp of his hand, I know that Spruhan has merely Gone back to Fairyland. » . The years roll back as I poise in Spirit 'twixt Now and Then, And I am once more with the Boys in The house of our Man of Men. Down unto utmost zero Compared with him others ran, Our Brigand, Apostle, Hero, Captain Maguire McCann. Once more with my hair half-rising, I hear him the story tell Of the riot superb, surprising On boaid of the South Sea- jBellt. Of how, when she went zag-zigging (As ships will when no man steers), He stood in the wtather- riggtog And blazed at the mntineers. Oh I it was great to hear him Lie— for his.lies were good; To us they did more endear him Than ever his virtues could. Never sight finer man did See than when, reaching down His sword, he'd tay— « Single-handed Thus I took Fredericktown !" To look at his black eyes flashing His beard on end with ire, You would fancy you heard swords clashing, And the sound of musketry fire. No pirate, on land or water, you'd swear ; no kind of man Had ever such hunger for slaughter As Captain M» gtuie McCann, Yet, withal, his heart was as tender As Finn's (the fierce Anarchist), Who Wished, in a burst of splendonr, The world to cease to exist. Terrible, deadly, ghastly, The threats were that Finn would hurl ,At all things— and he was vastly More sott-heai ted than a girl. IThe shades grow dimmer and dimmer, And now they fade from view, >1 see in the East ihe glimmer Of dawn. Old friends, Adieu I i Bitting here, lonely hearted, ; Writing these random rhymes, I drink to the day« departed. Ah. God ha with old times I VlCT0B J, DAUSt, 