THE GOVERNOR'S RESIGNATION His Excellency Speaks, Lonn Jkiisev hns been interviewed by nowspapcr representatives on the sub ject of his resignation; and has taken opportunities to thank tho peoplo of tho country for their kindness to liitn and Lady. Jersey, and to express tlieir regret at not having hud time to stay find see even moro of it thau they havo >'een. As to tho causes of his resigna tion it was altogether wrong to imagine that there had been any hitch betweon himself and his adviser*. On the contrary, their relations had been such that no gentleman could have worked more smoothly than they had 'done. Ministers had done ovorythiug in'their power to inako his position easy and satisfactory. There had not been any question at all botwecu him and his advisers. li' ho might uso tho term, thero was not evon the ghost of a ? foundation for such a supposition, lie did not think it was possible for any body of inou to havo worlcod moro harmoniously than ho and tho Minis try liad dono. Thero was not tho slightest reason for supposing that he was leaving because of anything that had occurred in New South Wales. It was absolutely necessary for him to appoint a man to act as his agent in relation to his "Welsh property. lie could not appoint such an-ngent as lie required by deputy. He could not choosc a mau by letter. He must see tho man who was to fulfil such an important position as that of his agent. To tho suggestion that the present might bo a favorablo opportunity for Lord Jersey to givo expression to tho opinions ho had formed relative to the colony, his Excellency said that he had already had so many opportunities for doing that which he had embraced, and consequently there was very littlo that was not already known "by the peoplo to be said on that point. . Jt was well- known that ho did not agree with tho strong criticisms passed by sevoral writers relative to the Aus tralian colonies. Speaking generally he did not think thoy wore deserved. It was easy enough to cavil with this or that—to pick out holes hero and there, but to bo fair tho critic must look at the colonies from a broader point of view. Ho had every reason to speak well of the public men of this colony. Asked whether the experience ho had had of the colony was in harmony with any opinion he hud formed prior to coming here, Lord Jersey said that ho camo ivith no preconceived opinions. There was no doubt what over that he should speak with satis faction generally of what ho had seen since ho had been out here. It was not to bo supposed that ho could agree with everything that had taanspired and with every view that was pre sented to 'him. But, speaking generally, he waa satisfied with what he had seen since ho had beon out here. Tho colon}* must havo before it a great future. Ho did not think in any sense the colony could be called developed. The process of develop ment must go on in other channels. Apparently the development of the colony at ono moment went a little bit too fast, and now had come the inevitable reaction. But it was not retrogression. It was a more steady ing of the pace. And perhaps "steady and sure" would bo tho best motto for the future. It is understood that the letter ad dressed by his Excellency tho Earl of Jersey to the Premier, and to which roferenco was mado by Sir George Dibbs when questioned respecting the cause of his Excellency's resignation, refers in tho kindest terms to the friendship existing botween Lord Jersey and Sir Georgo Dibbs, and ex presses a hopo that that friendship may not be severed by tho writer's departure for England. It is now generally believed in well- informed circles that his Excellency contem plated an early return to England when tho arrangements wero made for Lord Villcrs's visit to Australia, and that the return has been hastened by Lady Jersey's indifferent health. His Excellency had an interview with tho Spanker of tho Legislative Assembly (Sir Joseph Abbott), during which lie expressed sincere sorrow that he was* leaving Now South AVales. His Excellency occupied tho president's chair at Wednesday's sittings of the Executive Council, and in the course of tin address spoko of his reasons for retiring, and expressed himself as moro than pleased with the excellent under standing and unity which had along characterised his relations were Ministers. Lord Jersey has shown confidence in tho colony and its institutes by effecting an insurance of ?£10,00!) on tho lifo of his oldest, sou and insurance of £2001) upon the life of each of his daughters with the Australian Mutual Providence Socioty. 