The New Hebrides Hurricane. Tho following lottor, containing a dosorip- tion of tho reoent disastrous cyclone which visitod tho Now Hebrides,' has boon re ceived by tho Itov. Dr. Stool, of Sydney, from Dr. Lamb, medical missionary of tho Now Zealand Presbyterian Ohuroh : — ' Dip Point, Ambrimv March 7, 1893. J.IH8 ib ft lecruc ot uiHbruBS. A nurn oano Iuib passod right over our hoads — a oyolono, I think— and bus ruin od us and bUr people, if hot i the 'whole of Ambrim. I do nob aBk anything 'for ouraolvos, but food for tho: people — rioo, hard .biscuit, ilpur,.boatia, peas, moat — any thing you can fin'd f ridnds willing to aorid us. Some of it wo 'shall cortainly need for ourselves and our 'boys ' unleBS help cornea soon. ;' v5 ? * Tho storm began on Saturday morn ing last and etoadily increased all day. We mado everything aocuro and rotirod about 9 p.m. AL 10 p.m. wo woro roused by the nlarm;ng violonco of tho wind and min. Tho glasa was falling rapidly. At 11.20 p.m. tho roof of the assistant houao bogiin to yiold and bo torn away. At consider able 'danger from 'falling branchos thoy made thoir way to us. Then our nativo staff by twos and threes oamo crowding into our little dining-room. It was a terrible timo. Tho troua began to fall, tho doors to burst in, , and tho lights to blow out. Wo wero watching tho aneroid rising and falling with every gust. It fell to 28'2 on our high-set glass, which would bo much bolov 28% or oven 27' in an ordinary ono. To muko matters worse, the storo behind tho house, which was pro utiuuLiig us, uugtiu ikj ^iuiu. x iuqo oy piece it' flew away, and tho heavy timbors laid on its roof to keep tho iron down wero Iiurlod upon our roof. A soctiqn of a building awaiting; jo-orcotion , was .picked' up and hurled against tho end of our houso, shat tering tho pioturos insido. Thon our own walls began, to bend. It was an awful experience. Tho ' boys ' stood with thoir baoks to tho wall trying to support it, but in. vain. Thon wd had to fly, whithor wo knew not. Tho lightning was intonso and constant. Wo spumed to . bo walking or scumbling alon^ in an electric flame. Mr. Mansfield wont first with ono. of our baby boys uudor his cipo ; I followod, aup jiorting Mrs. Lamb with tho other child. As wo passed the nntivo house, the last section of tho roof blow off. Wo hid bo hind tho bole of a troe, and then tho ond of the assistant's, house fell and scattered as if a bomb had fallen beside us. Ono sheet of iron struck mo, but did no harm. Through a misunderstanding, Mr. Mans fiold led us to the chief's hut, a littlo low roof sot on tho ground, and occupied by tho chiof, his favoarito wife, and his best tusked pig. He welcomed us, and we wero glad to ait down in tho dust or, mud bosido the ' grunter.' 'A low rudo circle of coral stones sur rounded tho hilt, protecting it somewhat from the violence af the storm. Tho littlo thatch covoring vibrated with the weight of the wind, and tho chiof was holding on to it, crying out ' Timar I ' — i.e., calling on tho ghost of his father to savo him. ' xno rest ot our company, which now numbers some 20 souls, sovon being Ambrim young men in training, mado thoir way to ? tho largo nativo houao which wo built hero at our firab arrival, sovon months ago. Thoro they sat in fear and trembling praying for salvation. Thoy did not roach it without groat peril. Mrs. Macdowall lost hor husband, and did not know whithor to turn, and sat down beneath the great banyan tyeo on a doorstop of tho ooncrote nativn fiottatrpft. whnsn wilIIh woro* rnnb-innr and fulling. Thonco she fled to tho nativo house. ' I know not what had como of thorn all, and could not go to boo. A tree hud fallen across the ontrnnce to tho hut, crushing tho stono wall. Tho hours seemod endless. At last thoro camo a lull. Wo rushed oub to find our lost party. The mission station was gone. Tho 'very path was losb under fallon trees and ruined huts. Tho whole party wore found safo. Moro than that ib was impossible to learn, for the storm burst upon us again with a roar that is im possible to describe, and from tho opposite quarter. In tho blinding rain and sind Mr. Mansfiold and myself lost our way. Thon I lost him. I clung to a shattered tree stump, and triod to dodge the falling palms. It was thon I thought our ond had oome, for tho roar of the sen, only a few yards distant, filled ono'asoul with terror. Ib seemed as though tho waves woro upon us, and aboub to swoop all away. Ab imiguu, uirougu wto viviu iigncning, x saw tho outline of tho chief'a hut again, and mado for it, oroeping along the ground. I run aguinBb my friond sheltering behind tho wall, nnd ignorant of his whereabouts. Wo gob into tho hut at lasb, the wator pouriug out of my dressing-gown in rivers. Mrs. Lamb and tho ohildron woro still ssfo. Thero wns nothing else for us to do but sib down flat in tho dirt, and, with soro eyes, still' limbs, and growing ohill, wait for the morning, the babes sleeping nnd crying on our kneoa. Poor littlo mites I They gob a shock they havo not yeb recovered from. . 'As wo crawled but of tho hut in tho groy daiyn the sceno around us was both awesomo and pitiful : only somo four- huts comparatively whole, and the people's staff of lifo -a splondid crop of bread-fruit — lying on the ground, ovory tree prostrate or brokon off short. . 'Tho desolation, like tho storm, is beyond tho power of pon or tonguo to doscribo. This houao, or hut, in which I writo is all that is lofb to us. Into ib somo' 21 of us aro crowded -babo and filthy umnfjU. 1111 llJftu I a 1O1U \JL UU1 WUllUiy goods lies yonder in tho mud and rain j wo havo nowhoro to ' bestow ' thorn. Tho whole land is smitten and blustod, from the soitshoro to tho hilltops. In a fow duya tho peoplo will havo nought to oat bub dry coooanubs, most of which havo already boon ox ported as copn. Some 4000 to 8000 pooplo will bo crying to us fur sustoiianco. One trader hore has escaped with his life, but (ho other one perished, also losing ship and orow, in tho terrible blast that followed lho lull. Two or tin- CO othor boats havo boon losb with thoir crows. Wo saw bho poor creatures fly pasb before tho wind, their sails blow ing away, as ihey rushol along in tho pitiless sea. 'Tho pooplo aro on the lost possible terms of friendship. Wu can trust thorn ui.terly now— though hunger may make a diffuroiico. Only some 10 days ago all dispute!* wore Bottled, and everything that stood in tho way of mutual understanding w;is removed. Wo aro safer hero than in a civilized atabo, and havo not lost a pin by thoft since our arrival. ' L'.irt of the station building material is probably blown awiiy to sua. Enoh day brings luck lottois, papers, photos, &o.; , In mi blio Bund or scrub. Tlio foresbs aro atrippod Iwiro, anil the troos bhiit remain standing aro moroly bare polos. Tho birJB are liomelosn wanderers, and udd to tho fiori'Ow uf tlowlution,' 