LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY ? * ? ,/' THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1893. ,. The House having resumed after the Christum holidays, the Speaker took the Chair at 7.30 p-in. Tribd Biauino. The Companies Bill, the Swan Biver (Fremantle) Harbor Works and Tramway J9UJ, BUU IfUC 01119 Ui. SJM.US JlX^t CUIWU Amendment BUI were r.ad a third time and transmitted to the Legi lative Council. Police Act Amendment Bill. In committee, the Legislative Conncil's amendments to this Bill were agreed to, and the Bill returned to tbe Upper House. Public Business. The Pbemibb, in rising to move that the House do go into committee on the Midland Railway qu-'stion, exp'ained that the Go vernment did not desire to rush this or any Other business through the House with un due haste ; that, personally, he could not attend the next sittings of the Federal Council at Hobirtif the business of the ses sion couM not be finished by Fiidayweek. The Honse then resolved itself into com mittee of the who'e. Thx Midland Railway Proposals and thx Joint Committsb's Rkpokt. The Pbexieb (the House being in Com mittee) moved — That the Government shall guarantee the payment of the prin ipal and interest of £500,000 4 per cent, bonds, to be created and issued by the Mid land Railway Company Limited, for the purpose of providing moneys for the com pletion of its contract with the Govern ment, the minimum pries of bonds to fee fixed bv the Government. He stated that this was the first of a series of eighteen resolutions which had been passed by the Joint Select Committee of both Houses, which had been presented to this House as the Committee's recommendations, and which the Government desired the House to adopt as the basis of a fresh agreement to be made with the Midland Railway Company for _ tbe purpose of raising funds to complete the railway, and for ensuring the applica tion of the funds to that purpose. He regretted that the previous efforts of the Government and the House to settle tbis difficulty bad not resulted satisfactorily. The Government had now to deal with this question again wittout any choice on their i*i fc The Government were not respon sible for tbis project, and they had now to deal with it as a legacy left by a former j-» ? _____«*!. TILn ijr«s31n*-*l VnilnrDn SWi*i_ tract was entered into in the year 1886, and the present difficulty bad arisen in the carrying out of this contract; and although the colony had been harassed and annoyed by the difficulties impeding this work, yet the colony had not actually lost anything, but had gained tt.e advantage of 154 miles of tailway having been constructed and opened at the present time. The colony, therefore, bad no great reason to com plain of actual injury, but it cer iiialy had been worried and dis appointed. The Honse had approved of the proposals msde by the Government in the last session, but. these had not re sulted satisfactorily. The Government bad, ia this session, referred the whole matter to a Joint Committee of both Houses, to see if they coulA find a satisfactory solution of the difficulty, and the resolutions he now moved for adoption by the House were the recommendations of that Joint Committee, He believed that if these recommendations -were adopted by Parliament, the construc tion of the railway would be completed. He was not in a position to inform the House that the conditions recommended by the Joint Comnvttee had been officially accept ed on behalf o? the Company ; perhaps there had not yet been sufficient time for the directors to negotiate and arrange with the bond holders and all persons interested in the constmcton of that railway; the holidays intervening might account for s-me delay in the offical acceptance of conditions bv the Company; bmt he _ be lieved these conditions could not fail to be acceptable to the Company, al though perhaps not wholly acceptable, b^Sae ^.me of the provisions m.gbt be considered as too stringent. Still he felt a-sured that they w«uld be accepted. One of the chief provisions of these resolutions was that the lands of theCompany and, also of the Crown, along this railway, should be thrown open for selection at once. Tbe time for opening thes^ I*111*8' under the con tract, was somewhat uncertain; whereas these lands would at onc-j be thrown open for occupation and settlement by tbe accept ance of the3e 18 resolutions. Ample mrans had been taken in these r..solu-ims for pro tecting the intetests of the colony ; not only the proceeds from the sal* of land but aLo the proceeds of loans being secu-ed for and allocated to thedue completion of the rail way It might be asked why the Joint Commit tee should have recommended that JB95.000 should be paid to the National Bank and £1«,000 to the Joint Stock Bank, out of t ie moneys to be raised ; but the reason was that those repayments to the banks would enable them fcj give deancertificafes to the Company and release the securities which were now held by these banks. It would not be fair to ask the Company to give tfce whole of their lands ant the whole to thpir railway and plant, to Ik subject to forfeiture, unless the amount to fce advanced by i he Government, directly or indirectly, was to be about equal to the secrrity asked for. To expect m; re than tbat would be an act of usury, unworthy of the colony in ite relation to tbis Company. He believed that there would be no balance unexpendel ont of the sum proposed to be raised under this agreement, after the rail way was constructed and folly equipped. As t- the liability of the Gevernnent under this agreement, he said the Conpany had to provide for the due navnu-nt af interest on the money to be raised, or their pro perty would be liable to forfeiture. Many hon. members wished sincerely to get rid of the Company ; and he pointed out to them that, under this agreement, if the Company failed to pay interest on this money, they would lose their property, and the Company would be out of tbe concern after falling fifteen months into arrear. Be hoped, however, tbe Company would not have to forfeit their property, but that, on the contrary, they weald make (he rail way a successful c mc-rn, and would flour ish beyond the general expectation. The sales and leases of the land belonging to the Government along the railway, line would bring in a large and; increasing amount ef revenue to the Government, by the imuaeiiate opening of the Grown lands *nd the Company's lands along this line,: as a result of accepting this agreement. The sales tf 900,000 acre3 of land belong ing to the Company, apart from thi 2,400,000 acres to he held by the Govern ment as security, would al3o bring in 6om» revenue, and induce some settlement in a district now almost unoccupied. ' He com mended to the House tbe acceptance of these resolutions as the best available means of removing a serious difficulty, be cause in doing so the House and the colony had everything to gain and nothing to lose, by ensuring the completion of tbis great na'ional work, which must be productive of great goad to the colony. Mr. if. F. Sholl moved as an amend ment to strike out all the words after the word ' that,' for tbe purpose of inserting the following : — 'The resolutions passed by the Select Committee in regard to the pro posals of the Midland Railway Company be referred back to tbat committee for their report, in accordance with the provisions of S' aiding Orders 352 io 35G, together with their reasons for supporting or dissenting from such resolutions, and also for the names of members voting in any division, distinguishing on which side of the que^tisn they respectively voted.' The bon. member said it had been usual for a select committee to give reasons for any recommendations it made to the House. It was important to know these reasons, be cause ne cuevea me coiony wouia not oniy be making itself responsible for the pay ment of the interest but that it would have actually te pay the interest and also pay the principal. He criticised the Joint Com mittee's report as being meagre, incomplete, and not in due accord with the Standing ?r-Jers. Mr. Simpson interposed to say that the report of the Joint C -mmittee was either i;i order or not in order. If not in order, it vaia question of order as to whether the report could now be considered. Mr. B. F. Sholl renewed his argumeat, contending tbat the report was not in order, hesaus.* the Committee's reason? for arriving «t their c -.illusions were not given. He moved that tbe report be referred back. Mr. Ds Kahsl supported tbe amendment, saying the joint committee's nport was no rep»rt at a'l, as it was not in accordance » ith the standingfor ~e s regulating th ' pro ceedings of select committees. Heciiticised some of the questions put te witnesses by members of the joint committee, ridiculed the questions put by the Hon. T. Burgee as parochial in their trivial nature ; and Raid that four of the members were unre liab e and of no account on the committee ; and raised a number of objections which he set forth in leagthy detiil. The attokncy-Genebal sud the purpose of tbis amendment was toe *usc delay. H* contended that it was not necessary, either by the standing orders or by pr ictice, for a -relect committee to give reasons for its recommendations, because each member ini^ht, especially on this Midland question, h-tve different reasons for arriving at the same conclusion. The only reqiiremenr wis that the proceedings of the Select Committee were to be reported, and in this every piece of evidence taken and every resolution passed being set foith in this c mmittee's report. He also argued that here was no rule for regulating Joint Select Committees, the standing orders not contemplating such a body. The hon. mem ber for Albany hod quoted precedents which had no application to this case, and bad then left the Chamber in order that he might not hear the reply. What would be the use of referring this report back to a body which had ceased to exist? The other portion of the Joint Committee, from the Upper House, had ceased to exist, and if the seven members from this House were sent back to confer with the seven mem bers of the other Boose, where could they be found ? As a csmmittee. the other seven members were dead, and only their ghosts could be fouad, if found at alL The amendment moved by Mr. Sholl was then put and negatived. Mr. Sholl asked for the Chairman's rul ing as to whether the report of the Joint Committee was properly before this com mittee of the whole House. The Chairman sa-d this question had been disp-sed of by the vote just passed. Mr. Tba.yi.xn dissented from the Chair man's ruling. The S peaks b was called in, and con firmed the Chairman's ruling. He al«o stated his opinion that the Joint Com mittee had omitted the technicality of pre senting a formal report along with their proceedings, and although there were no standing orders regulating a Joint Select Committee, yet his opinion was that th--y should be subject to the same rules of procedure as a Select Committee. Mr. DsQamel then meved to report pro gress, and called for a division, the members being 4 for reporting progress (Messrs. De Hamel, R. F. Sholl, Traylen and Simpson), and 23 against. The Pbemieb moved that the recom mendations of the joint committee be taken seriatim. Tbe question was put and agreed to, but »nother point of order having been raised, Mr. Doton eaid the. question ' had been put but not decided, 'and before it was pat again he wished to speak on the; main ques tion. He argued that the colony was not fin iscial'y in a position to guarantee a further loan of £500,000 with interest on it, and he preferred to see the conditions of tbe contract enforced against the company. The Chairman said he would again put the question as to taking the resolutions seriatim. Mr. De Hamel interposed, andpressed the Premier to say whether he would consent to progress being reported, and not force this matter throngh the House in a hurry. The Peemiek said that after one or two of the resolutions had been passed, pro gress might be reported, but as the reso lutions had been before members during a fortnight, there could be no haste in asking the House to consider them now. Mr. De Hamel then commenced a lengthy speech, intended apparently to prevent any progress being nude. If the Government persisted in forcing these resolutions through the House, he could tell them that the opinion of the people outside was such that not one of those Ministers or members who forced through these resolutions would come back to that House again. [A Minis ter : ' What do you know of the opinion of the country ?'] He said he knew this much, that people outside -were saying the Pre mier who was forcing this Midland Railway agreement through this House was a part ner with his brother in the firm of Alexan der Forrest and Company, and that this agreement was to bolster up that firm. The Pbemikb : Who sayp that ? Mr. A. Fosbest (rising) : I say it's a lie. Mr. DeHamki. said the people outside were saying so, and they based their opinion on an affidavit which had been filed in con nection with the Federal Hotel at Freman tle. Mr. A. Fobbsst asked if the hon. mem ber was in order in imputing motives. Mr. DeHaksl denied that he was imput ing motives. The Prmotr -. But yon are doing it. Mr. DeHamel : I am saying what is said by people outsid-. Mr. A. Forbkst : I deny it, and I say the hon. member is telling lies. Mr. DeHakkl : I ask the Chairman to order the hon. member for West Kimber ley to withdraw the word.' lies.' The Chairman: I did not distinctly hear what he said. I understood ? Mr. DbHakkl: He end I was telling lies, and I ask that the hon. member bo or dered to withdraw the expression. Mr. A- Foeejcst re-stated the effect of what he had said, and repeated that the hon. member's statement about the Pre mier 'jcing a partner in the firm of A. Forrest & Co. and about tbU Midland agreement being put forward to bolster up that firm was lies. Mr. DeHakxl said be was merely repeat ing in the House what people said outside. Mr. A. Fobbebt : Yon come outside and I will show yon. The Commissioner of Cbown Lands : The member for West Kimberley does not say the hon. member for Albany told a lie, but that the statement he repeated from outside was a lie. The Chaibman said be understood that the hon. member for West Kimberley denied the truth of the statement made in this House by the hem. member for Albany; not that tbe hon. member was telling a lie, but that tbe statement which the member for Albany was repeating as having been said oatside was a Tie. Mr. A. Forrest : Yes, that is what I said, that the statement was a lie. And I also said he was imputing motives by maKng tbat statement in the House. The Chairman : The hon. 'member for Albany must not impute motives. The Pbejiibb : That is what he has been doing. Mr. De Hakxl : I was only telling the Promier what was said about him by people oatside. The Pbemieb : Who is the man that says it outside? Bring him forward. Give us his name, and then we shall know whom we have to meet. Mr. De Hamsl : I am only saying what is Raid outside. It is not I who say these things. The Pbkmxbb : Then who does say them ? You eay them, and you throw the lespon Eib'lity on somebody outside. Have yon no better excuse than that ? (Afterotfaer con versational remarks, the Premier roe« and said :) I think this is really going beyond what one ought to stand, tbat the hon. member for Albiny should make statements in this House on the authority of someone in the street, and then to tell the Honse he does not s»y these tilings, but they are said outside. If the hon. member has any sense of deceney let him name the man or per sons on whose authority he says he makes these statements. For the hon. member to come here and asperse my character in this way, holding the position I do, is per fectly scandalous. The Chairman again ruled that motives must not be imputed, directly or indirectly. Mr. DkHamel denied tbat he had im puted motives, and he was surprised that the Government did not take hU remarks in good part. (' Oh, oh I' from the Minis terial benches). He did not say himself th«t these statements 'were true. The Prsmieb : Can't yon use any better argument than tbat ? Mr. ? sHaxbIi said it was a good argu ment. The hon.memberresumed his speech, and said tbat if the Government were determined to go on at that sitting he would re±d the whole of the correspondence which ha-l passed between the Government and the Midland Bailway Company. He pro ceeded to read a portion, and also leferred lengthily to an -ther notice of motion on the paper relating to a vote for deviating and improving the Eastern. Railway, as to which we argued that all these changes and liabilities would be more than the colony could bear in addition to this Midland RUlway obligation. He wished to speak on this question at another sitting, and would not occupy more than three-quarters of an hour if allowed an interval to prepare his remarks in a condensed form. If the Government would report progress, time would be saved and the resolutions would go throngh in a quar ter of an hour. The Attorney General contended that the hon. member's tactiss were ebstruc'ive, and the country would judge between him and the Government. If any considerable portion of the Hoase desired to report pro gress, the Government would consent, but the hon. member represented only three others in tbis matter. Mr. Richardson argued that the tactics of the member for Albany were manifestly obstructive. Mr. Moli/OY agreed with this view, and commented on the inconsistency of the member for Albany in his tactics. He moved that p.-ogress be reported, as the hour was late. Progress was then reported, and leave given to Bit again on Monday next. The House adjourned at 11.15 p.m. until Friday afternoon. 