Famtecr HIousing Show Cattle. Comfortable and roomy quarters are es sential in preparing cattle for show. Stall feeding is not the best system for show animals. Clean well-haired beasts do not usually come out of stalls. Perfection in coat is a difficult point toattain, but when it is accomplished it goes a long way in favor of the animal possessing it. It is, indeed, a rare possession, only a very few of the cattle shown at even our national shows being perfect in their coats. In'ordinary fattening for the butcher, stall- feeding is no doubt as good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flesh is not the only point aimed at the after health and bloom of the animal has to be considered. It takes afull year, sometimes more, to fit cattle for the show yard, and to confine the animals by the head or neck for that period is not the way to accomplish the desired end. Freedom to move about, or lie down clean and com fortable, can only be afforded them in a dry, roomy loose box. The superficial area required from the calf to the aged bull will range from 50 to 200 feet, ac cording to the amount of out-door exercise available, and in the house each beast re quires from 650 feet to 800 cubic feet of breathing space. Cattle not intended for breeding purposes may be very closely confined iuperficially for the period of one year without injury to their health; but there are more breeding animals ruined from want of room or exercise than from over-feeding. It is very hard to injure a h6rse by high feeding when the work is heavy, and the same law applies to cattle. Moderatd exercise at the expense of a certain waste of food is good economy. STenperature is a great element in cattle feeding. The natural heat of the animal ranges from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermo meter in the barn will indicate the tem perature, and the nearer it averages the .normal heat of the animal the greater the economy of the food consumed. When the outside atmosphero varies from, say, freezing up to 100 deg. Fahr., then there fs a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In'very cold weather the heat of the byre can be raised by closed doors and ventila tors, but when the temperature is raised by the constant breathing of the same air, the health of the animal is endangered. All under-currents'or draughts should be excluded, and in no case should the upper or roof ventilators be entirely closed. Im pure air takes an upward course, and the ventilators, if they are of right construc tior, will both allow the exit and entrance of sufficient fresh air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly. In hot days the doors can be opened, or pibrtly so, as the thermometer will instruct; and after that the only means of cooling the air is by refrigeration, which, of course, would cost too much to admit of its use in cattle-feeding. The best that can be dono is to have the byres or sheds properly ven tilated and equally free from draughts, which will allow of alteration when neces sary. An excess of light under cover is to be avoided in the case of fattening cattle. Young growing cattle intended for'breed ing purposes cannot very well have too nluch sun and light, but the rays of the sun are only valuable to the cattle-feeder when the temperature of the atmosphere is low. After the surrounding air becomes heated the direct rays of the sun can be dispensed with. There is, however, no artificial heat, such as we provide withi shelter, clothing, and fires, equal to the sunheat for health giving properties. We can produce a greater heat than we derive from the sun, but inr the moans we employ to attain it the air is certain to become more or less vitiated. When we getlight and heat froi the sun it is pure and gen uine, altogether different from anything we can manufacture. This is the reason why the lamb that is reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier than the one raised in house with the aid of the sto Shying Horses are- Near-Sightea. " Why it is that shying in horses should be set down to an ugly disposition I don't know,".said a prominent veterinary surgeon. " It must be because horsenien don't kfrow what else to lay it to. The fact is that it is seldom met with unless the horse is near sighted. I have tested scores of shying horses for near sightedness, and in nearly all cases found what I expected. And now when I am asked to give points on buying horses I give this as one of the requisites : Never buy a horsi that is near- sighted. There are, how ever, two exceptions to this rule. If the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference aboat the sight. One horse can go blind if the other is clear-sighted. If the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful that he is not near-sighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. "The reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple," the surgeon continued. " Of all animals the horse is the most gentle, and even timid. Ile sees a strange object, and his susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. A piece of white paper in the roadside at night is a ghost, and an old waggon in the ditch- is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at once. It is supposed that it is because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with the object. That is true but not in the sense in which it is generally understood. The animal has not been able to see it from a distance. HIe is near-sighted. Horses and Their Drivers.-It has often occarred to me that the utility 'and age of horses are seriously affected and shortened by the thoughtless action of drivers. It is but too common a practice, when a horse is rising a hill, or when,perhaps, in the middle of a hill, for a driver to make a sudden slash with the whip. This, with a spirited horse, is followed by a sudden bound in re: sponse to the unexpected call upon its powers, possibly powers that were at the time at the extreme limit of tension. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone ,would naturally infer that its general effect would result in- rupture, greater or less, of internal organs, or sprain of some joint. Can we wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when the treatment is con tiuued day after day the 'year throughout? Under such circumstances, the wonder is that any horse escapes serious injury, and we may naturally infer that a large proportion of horses are thus rendered comparatively value. less, and their lives shortened. With ahorse drawing a load, whether in conveyance, cart, or saddle, any call for greater exertion should be made what I may call gradually, that is, the animal should first be made aware of what is required from it by the voice pre crding the whin. and not the whip the voice. Buying Curios in China.-Later ex. perience taught us that the curio man asks about five times as much as he is prepared to accept for his wares. Making a choice and getting your man into a proper frame of mind to see as you do, as regards his profit, in. telligently occupies about one-half of the cultured diplomat's time. The curio chosen, the first thing to do is to take your man into the house, separating him from his fellows that he may not have their moral courage to uphold him. *For the lot you make your offer, he disdainfully, refuses, and begins briskly packing up. When everything is nearly stowed away, he asks, as if there had never been any question of it before, " How much?" You again offer, and with a long drawn. "No," he once more unpacks that he may tempt you. Seeing you remain firm and take no more notice of him, with a tragic air he deposits the things at your feet and gives you to understand he has made you a present of them; that you are a hardened sinner; it has cost him his life's blood, but he hall no choice. With an I 0 U for the amount and a deep bow he has gone, and you find your. self a collector im embryo with the cog' diseeaAlylWy clutching you, 