SPORTING NEWSFROM MELBOURNE (From our Special Reporter.) Melbourne, March 6. Just before the start for the Newmarket Handicap the betting was as follows.- — 10 ) to 9 Warpaint, 100 to 8 Beverley, 100 to 7 B uugebab, Hero, All There, Malolo, Lin burn, 100 to 6 GBillardia and Emblem, 100 to 5 Foctunatue, Wildrose, Ilium aod Lord Hopetouo, 100 to 4 MissAlbane,The Swell, The Harbor Lights, RavenBwing and Silver streim, 100 to 8 Sainfoin, Beirigan, Veno, Omaha and Antaeus, 109 to 2 Templestowe, 100 to 1 the ot'aers. When the flag fell Bungebah, on the rails, was the first away, followed closely by Beverlty, The Harbor Light, Fortunatus, and All There, whilst Gaillardia got off badly, and Emblem was turned round the other way. Whenfoirly in their stride Bungebah showed in advance of Hero, after whom came Sainfoin, Berri gan, RavenBwing and Beverley, sll of v cluster, whilst on the opposite side of the course Templestowe headed Chatham. Ap proaching the course proper Bungebah was just in advance of Beverley, clattering on whoso heels came the main battalion, fore most amongst whom were the colors of Ravenswing, Lord Hopetoun, Omaha, The Harbor Light, Hero, and Wildrose were moat prominent, th« latter going specially well. Coining up under the rails Hero and Wild Rose made a forward movement-, Hero swerving across and carrying last year's winner ( Wild Bos?) on to Bungebah, nearly bringing her down *n her knees, and effectually ruining her chance, as she wa- driven right back. A furlong and a-half from homo, however, Fortunatus disposed of Beverloy, who was then leading, Bunge bah falling back, beatm. At this point Fortunatus looked to have the race at hi* mercy, until suddenly Malolo was discerned sweeping over from the other side of the course ard making a bold dash at the leadtr, leud Bhouts from the crowd pro claiming his ccitain victory. Bold as was Milolo'e bid, he failed to eustain the effort long enough, as Hayes, riding for his bare life on Fortunate, who strugglpd with the greatest gamoness under his heavy impost of 9sfc. 21b.. secured a splendid victory by a length. Hero finished third, two lengths from Malolo, then came in the following order : Lord fcfopefroun, Beverley, Berrigan, Antaeus, Templestowe, All There, and Chatham. The time was exceedingly fast, under the circumstances, 1 min. 15 j sees. Fortanatus is tbe property of Geo. Coulson, at one time on the Leader and Age reporting staff, but now a farmer and grazier in Gippshnd, the residents of which were on the colt to a man. The stable was thrown in for a large scoop, their commission b. ing got on at hundreds to three and four, but they did not, consider thpy had a ghost of a chance when the rain fell. Hayes, the jockey, however, thought differently, and won heavily. Th«j drawer of FortunatuB in Tattersall's sweep, of .£100,000, laid Coupon £5,000 to nothing. Camoola's inglorious display in the St. Leger, on SatnrJay, has driven the Derby winner right back in the Australian Cup betting, tor which The Admiral ts the nominal favorite, at 4 to 1, Sttrnchaspr and Culloden coming next, at fivef, followed by Malvolio at sevens, Ports -a and Newman at eights, whilst 10 to 1 is freely offered against either Ducrow or CamoOla. .The betting is very dnll, through there being a great amount of uncertainty as to whether Sam Cook will start Tbe Admiral or not. 