Column. Wagner as a Boy. — Wilhelm Richard Wagner was bom at Leipzig, March 22. 1813. When he was nine, he went to school, where he was the despair of the teacher who in- structed him m music ; he paid no attention to his practising, but seized every opportu nity of repeating the melodies that lie had heard, especially those of " Der Freischutz," which had already kindled his powerful im agination. Ancient history, mythology, Greek and Latin were his favorite studies, but his heart was really in none of these, for be bad a secret aim that absorbed all his thoughts and feelings — he was a poet ! In his eleventh year he won a prize for the best Eoem on a dead schoolmate, and soon after e translated the first twelve books of the Odyssey. He taught himself English, and immediately became so absorbed in Shake speare ttaat be decided to write a tragedy. For two long yeans be toiled, and daring this period he contrived to kill off forty-two people in his drama. He was forced to re lent, however, and to recall them as ghosts in the last act in order to have performers enough to play the parts. Meantime he had left Dresden where he bad been living, and entered a school at Lcipsig, but be liad so neglected his studies for musical composi tion, that he was put back a class ; this so discouraged him that he gave himself en tirely to his tragedy. When he bad nearly finished it he first heard Beethoven's music. This bad so strong an influence over him that he determined to set his tragedy to music, and purchased a book on thorough bass to prepare himself for the task. So fascinated aid he become with tbe study, that he de- terinined to be a poet no longer, but tbat music should have the devotion of his life. When his family learned of the tragedy, they were much troubled, for they felt it was the eaure of his backwardness at school ; but when tbey found him to be writing music, toey were in despair, for tbey believed it to be nothing more than a fancy, and that it might do the boy great barm. He was not to be discouraged, however, and composed in secret. Bat at-last ho was placed under the instruction of Theodore Weinlig, a man steeped in the spirit of " Father Bach," who put him through a six months 6tudy of counterpoint. Now he learned and loved Mozart. The Boat-DweUers of Japan.— Young people who live in Australia may fancy tbat our cities are crowded, and tbat many families must live without very much air to breathe or space for tbe boys to play in. What would tbey say to tbe boat-dwel lers of Japan? In that crowded country hundreds of families Epend their lives and bring up their children upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except as they make an occasional visit to it when obliged to purchase snpplies of attend to some nn- usual business. In every bay along the coast are fonnd hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called "junks." These are small, fiat-bot tomed boats, and are owned and inhabited by a man and his family, just as bouses arc in otber parts of the world. Tbeir business ib the transportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and tbeir navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says : " I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children ali under seven years of age. T am told tbat, notwith standing tbeir aptness at swimming, many boatmen get drowned, for no boat ever goes to another's aid, nor will any boatmnn save any other from drowning, because as he says, it is all fate, and he who interferes with fate will be severely punished in some way." Among these wonderful aquatic families children of three years did will sometimes swim like little fish, and if one is backward in learning, he will be thrown overboard, and teased and tormented nntil he iB obliged to learn the art in self defence. Ah ! it is in reading and learning about the people of otber lands that we find bow mucb we bave to love and be thankfnl for in the broad free life of our own. But even here there are children who would be better for such frequent baths, and perhaps you would have great difficulty in persuading the little Japs that life in the hot and crowded streets of our great cities was to be preferred to that of the junk-men on the rivers and harbors of their own country- All Adventure With a Huge Buffalo. — 1 bad singled out as my meat an old bull with lqng, highly polished horns and the most magnificent mane that has ever come under my notice. I determined to have that head, and to carry it East with me as a trophy. To single tbe brnte from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver in his shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such ahorse as mine. The remainder of the berd thun dered off to tbe west with my companions in full chase, and awav toward the cast went m v wounded buffalo, with me a good second, sending a pill into his side whenever be swerved entugh to give me a chance at his heart. Suddenly the idea seemed to enter bis cranium that he was flying in a direct line from his friends, and be wheeled about and charged me, bis magnificent bead cocked sidewise, ready to toss my mustang, his nostrils and eyes blood red, and tbe foam flying from his mouth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang mode a noble leap out of his course and landed me with his off fore leg in a marmot's hole, bringing him to his knees, snapping tbe bone of his leg off like a stalk of straw and sending me headlong to tbe gronnd, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was some what shaken up, but my eyes were wide open, and the approaching danger seemed like a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that I could not move so much as an , eyelid. Tbe bull came on, bis boob rattling on tbe hard prairie like the bones of the cna man in a minstrel show. His hot breath came full in my month and nostrils ; one of bis horns caught in the collar of my hunting shirt, tearing it away, and then his hind hoof grazed my temple. He was as glad to escape as I was myself, and careered over the prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while I arose and planted a merciful bullet in the brain of my doomed mustang. One day of tbis sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the seashose in a dandified coat to amn who is not properly unsexed. An Old War-Horse.— The Rev. J. o. Wood, tbe well-known English writer on natural biBtory, relates tbe following true . Btory in his recent book on the horse : " Some years ago an elderly gentleman died, leaving to bis widow all his property, including an old and staid horse, it so happened that there was a review in the neighborhood, and the old lady, who was stone-deaf, drove over to see it. During the manoeuvres a regiment of cavalry passed her and as tbey did so tbe trumpeter blew on his instrument some signal which she from her deafness did not bear. The horse, however, heard and understood the trumpet call. Old as he was, he sprang off at full speed, galloped into the ranks, and put himself in line with perfect accuracy. The signal to charge was vUBII O "tita VU. UCUl IUB IIVIOG VTItiU UK) comrades. The old lady shrieked, and dragged at the reins to no purpose. Where tbe regi ment went tbe horse went ; when it wheeled he wheeled, and when it charged be charged, dragging his expostulating mistress after him throughout the whole of the manoeuvres. " After the review was over the officers crowded round the old horse, who evidently had belonged to the cavalry, and offered a very high price for him, in order to make a regimental pet of him. The offers, however, were refused." The world is so cold, love (1 really oan't stay), Unless one has gold, love (I must get away). My heart is all thine, dear (Oh I won't there be strife) I And yonro ehah be mine, dear (Oh, Lord ; Here's my wife I) " A font is a baptismal basin in ohnrch, isn't it, father ?" asked young Shsrpshins. " Yea," returned the old gentleman, shortly. 11 Then why is a set of printers' type called a font ?" enquired yonng S. "Beoaoseeo many authors gun name through ib". 