Contracts for Hew Bridge. A deputation of persons representing the Builders ,'andj Con£raotors Association yesterday waited on the Bridge Board to ask that when tenders for the new Vic- toria bridge are invited, there should be given an opportunity to tender separ ately for the masonry anil the- ironwork. This request, taken by itself, strikes most persons as singularly reasonable if practicable. But when certain reasons were assigned for preferring this request, there certainly were raised ghosts of evil. The first ' consideration for the board is to build the bridge in, the beBt possible way, and not to dispense patronage by distributing contracts. Whether the contract oanbe given out as a: whole, or in two or more parts, is a question to be determined by Mr. Brady ; but whether it should be given out on ono. tender or many, so as to gratify any party or set of parties,' is a matter for the public, who will pay the piper. And it would be given out to -.pleaBe parties if given out in order that the ironworkers and the stone- workers "throughout the.oolonv" might have the chance of a job. Mr. Brady, who has prepared a design concerning which only one critic, we believe, has had a hostile word to say,, and Mb con demnations touched matters which pro bably everybody else heartily approves of, may safely be left to advise the hoard whether it is better to have one tender .or several. And there, for the present, that part of tho subject may he left. But when we come to the suhjeot of utilising the building of this bridge with a view to patronage, a wholly different Bet of ideas must' he considered. Wo have said before, and periodically may eay , again, that if ever there .was a. case in whioh a bridge over u. river to fqrm part cf a public road should be built by the State, this is that cose. . But since it has been determined to build the bridge at the cost of the narrowest constituency that can ho formed — that ie, of the persons who ubo it ; nnd since they chiefly are tho peoplo of North and South Brisbano, it will require somo hard swearing to Bhow that tho work of building should go into the hands of any porsons living outside of those munici- ' .utilities. If itis to heshared by any persons Outside of thoso areas, then it must go to thhso who Will rendor the best service for 6\io money paid. Tho payers of the piper hre either persons who may share in tho woi'k or they are persons who have just us good a right to buy what they will require to buy in the best market,, as if they : . were buying separately and. eaoh onefor himself. If there ore any outside persons, evemf they are from Ipswich, Maryborough, or Timbuctoo, thoy will have to wear a .Btiff upper hp to eonvinco anyone that they have any title on which they may claim to sharo in this worn: other than they are the persons who can do the best work for the least money. In that ease- they should huVe the job. - 