"It is not often that literary discussions have a bearing on what wo may call, poli tical melodrama, but two hooks published lately give the opposite sides of a contro- versy which is as widely sensational in the incidents it treats of as a novel by Miss Braddon. The story of Kaspar Hauser has long fignred with the story of the man in the iron mask as one of the enigmas of history. No one, however, could doubt that the man in the iron mask was a State prisoner supposed to be dangerous in some way to French royalty, or having given it inexpiable offence. Of Kaspar Hauser there was every possible theory : some took him for an impostor, some for, an ordinary foundling, and some for tho injured heir to a crown. This last theory, as it was the most romantic and incredible, lias latterly found a great deal of favor among the lovers of sensation ; and a rather well written hook has appeared, collecting all the evidence that can ho adduced on the subject, or rather, perhaps, on one side of the subject. It is eusy to prove that a prince of the Ducal House of Baden,- descended from a left handed mar riage, was interested about the beginning of the century in getting rid of the legiti mate heirs ; and that the two who stood in iris -way disappeared or died as children, the younger under suspicious circumstances. What is claimed, however, and is not proved, is that the elder was kidnapped, not killed, and that he was replaced by a dying child, who was buried as the prince. Again, it is certain that a young man of defective education appoared suddenly in Nuremberg in May, 1828; that lie asked to be enrolled as a conscript, and told a story of life-long imprisonment in a dungeon, which was partly home out by his stunted growth, by his inability to cake any food except bread and water, and by his. extreme susceptibility to light. The city of Nurem berg adopted him ; Lord Stanhope later ou believed or professed to believe in him, ' and he ' received a good education and had fair prospects, till he excited suspicion by his trickiness. Probably he would have ended " life as a clerk in a Government office, if he had not died of a wound given him, as he said, by an assassin, but, as others believed, self inflicted and intended to be a slight one. It was not the first time he had been found wounded under circumstances difficult to explain, and this tragical dénouement revived the belief that he was a personage of some importance among those who retained faith in him. Gossip designated Lord Stanhope, who had taken him up hastily and then discarded him, as the instigator of the murder ; but there appears to be absolutely no ground for this, and Lord Stanhope was probably fixed on because he was nn Eng lishman, was intimate in Court circles, and was supposed to be impecunious. His daughter, the Duchess of Cleveland, has now published a defence of him, and it goes far to show, not only that he was innocent, but that Kaspar Hauser was moro or. less an impostor. It seems that the death of the prince for .whom he was taken was actually certified to by more tlidn a dozen persons; and that the mother,, tho Grand Duchess Stephanie, whose obvious interest it was to find her son and to establish his claims to the Throne, never for a moment believed in Kaspar Hauser. It is tolerably clear, too, that Kaspar Hauser, when he found himself interesting, pretended to be much weaker and more ignorant than he really was, and his inability to drink beer or eat meat is said to be nothing more than many Bavarian conscripts display when they eomo from very poor parts of tho- country. On tho other hand, he was not convicted in tho course of several years of any palpable lie about his early life, and it seems more likely that he was murdered than that he killed himself, as he had no particular reason for suicide, and was a notorious coward, who would hardly have struck so resolute a blow as that which ended his existence. Perhaps the simplest theory is that he was a foundling of good family, who was brought up in seclusion and then cast adrift ; that when he grew older he knew enough to suspect that ho had a secret to trade upon ; that' he corre sponded in some way with tho man who had brought him up ; and that this man killed him when he found that there was a danger of criminating revelations. It is far more likely, however, that the honor of a lady of good family was at stake than that tho Grand Duke, who by theory had murdered the younger brother, would have hesitated to get rid of tho elder, if Kaspar Hauser were he, in some effectual way. What is really interesting in a narrative of this kind is tho proof it affords that mysteries aro still possible. Kaspar Hauser grow up in n country where tho interposition of tho police is constant- He must have been registored. at birth, and it is not easy to see how he can have escaped the operation of the school laws. If he was really carried away as an infant, and kept for eighteen years in seclusion, it is diilicult to understand how a very- poor guardian can linvo contrived this without exciting suspicion. It is certain, however, that tho seclusion was not as absolute as the sufferer represented ; nnd then tho question nriscs why lie was never missed and inspected and recognised, when all Germany was ringing . with tho story of his apparition. It is sug gested that no one dared to admit having known him for fear of being harassed by the police ; but if Kaspar Hauser was a person of great importance, anyone wiio established his identity was as likolyas not to bo handsomely rewarded ; nnd if lie was onlyafoundlingof good family, there was no fear of punishment, and there was a cer tainty of notoriety and of payment of some sort. Obviously tho grandmotherly theory of the State in the country where it lias been carried furthest does not establish so complete a supervision that gross misusago of- a child and gross imposture may not ho possible. It is among the curiosities of Kaspar Ilauser's story that, while lie only complained of having been once struck during his captivity, there were scars on his head and body which told their own story of brutal handling, and the boy was certainly -haunted by the dread of falling into the hands of his old gaoler. Of course there are many crimes — even murders— which escape detection ; but kidnapping and captivity in a civilised country involve such continued defiance of the law that . they are perhaps as serious an offence as can be committed. Many will recollect the case of a child who was carried off in America for blackmailing purposes. Tho police forbade tho parents to ransom him, and the result was that the child was never discovered ; bub years later a man shot in committing . a burglary was beginning to make a confession of the crime, when lie died without being able even to give a clue. There is a well known and true story of a lady, who was crossing a London street with two of her children, when she suddenly found that one had disappeared, having run hack, probably, in fear of a carriage. It seemed only a question of minutes to recover the little vagrant, but tlio child was nevor heard of again, though every mothod to trace her that the police could uggost was tried. There can ho little question that she was stolen by someone watching for such an oppor tunity — cither a tramp wanting a child to send out begging, or a bereaved mother craving to fill a void. Ib may bo quesbion- abie whether the State, in its own interests, ought not to have every child tattooed in some inconspicuous part of the body with a registry number by which it could ho identified. Tho French Govern ment does this with criminals, and it is found- to be a very great aid to justice. In a case liko that of the Tichborno claimant, a longand costly suit, provocative of infinite perjury, Would have been avoided. Orton would not have been able to efface iiis own marks without detection, and would almost certainly not have known what to substitute. It may seem that the Press and an improved police and a more fearless opinion are now absolute preservatives against imprisonments like those of Lady Grange by her hus band, nnd of Kaspar Hauser by some unknown person. Against this it must be set that the country is now in many parts incomparably less peopled than it used to .be, as machines take the piaco of men, aud cities attract all who can be spared from the plough. A rich man daring enougli to conceive the idea of im prisoning a fellow creature will probably find the means of doing it for many years to come in any part of the world. Are we a reading people ? If wo may Itake the comparatively short experience we havo obtained in connection with the Free Lend ing Library as an earnest of the future, wo think wo shall be justified in answering the question in the affirmative. The insti- tutioa was started in August last, and before the r close of . the year it was found that borrowing was at tlio rate of 76,969 volumes per annum, and since that date as many as 2053 books have been taken out during a single week. Next-to . tlio quantity, it is important to know the. character of the reading ; and fortunately we are enabled to form a fair notion of it by the following classification, which the librarian has kindly placed at our disposal: — Vols. Vols. Arts and Trade . . 2614 Philology . . . . 57 Bibliographical .. 5 Ptdlosophy . . .. 609 Fiction .. .. 9363 Religion .. .. 938 History .. .. 7897 Science .. .. 2749 Literature — Mnga- Social Scienco .. 1364 zincs .. ., 5500 Tho classification might bo oxtended with advantage to embrace such sub divisions as biography, travels, politics, poetry, the drama, natural history anil other subjects ; hut in the meantime the figures show conclusively that tho experi ment bo far has been a success, and that it meets a public want the existence of which had scarcely been suspected. Though fiction figures largest in the list as usual, it is gratifying to find that the more weighty and instructive depart ments of literature are not without a very considerable share of public patronage, and we are told that the novel readers are "increasing daily at a very rapid rate." This is only what might be expected, and it will no doubt detract a little from, the flattering character of the report in the minds of those professors of goody-ness, as Coleridge calls them, who, like Sir Anthony Absolute, look upon the circu- lating library as an evergreen tree of diabolical knowledge, and argue that everybody who is fond of handling the leaves will come at last to long for tho fruit. As we do not share in' their prejudices, we have no sympathy with their fears. The notion that a taste for novel reading is calculated to render those who indulge in it morally limp and nerveless- is about as reasonable as it would be to say that only tho limp and nerveless are novel readers. There is very little in the novel after all that is not to be found in tho newspaper. In that veracious chronicle of our daily life we have tho same stimu lating sensations, tho same romantic inci dents, the same preternaturally good and evil monsters — villains or heartless as any Miss Braddon has portrayed, women as worthless as any that figure in the pages of Ouida— stories of rape, murder and rapine as revolting as tho most prurient subscriber to the Penny Dreadful, could desire — with this difference, that they are all true and all real ; and yet nobody that we have ever heard of; except Sir Fretful Plagiary, would make news paper rending an offence against good manners. If any doubter wants to know how much tho novelist is indebted to the news paper for tho material of his regu lation three volumes, he cannot do better than glance over tho diary of tho late Charles Reade. There we have the secrets of tho workshop revealed to us without a pretence of disguise. There we see tho workman at his work, shears and paste bottle in hand, clipping this bit of scandal, rifling tile divorce court of its sweets, faithfully recording tho last thing in dying confessions, and collecting the latest specimens of poor dismantled humanity from the lunatic's cell — pre pared, bracketed and classified with as much minute enro and research as a naturalist would bestow on his bugs and butterflies. For his Never Too Late to Mend, Ids biographer found on his library tablo six largo manuscript books full of statistics and notes of prisons and prison abuses ; and for A Terrible Temptation as many boxes of facts and notes, medical and scientific — all of it the raw material which his genius was to convert into tho fascin ating tales that have held tho imaginations of so many generations of novel readers bound as by a spell. After such evidence it is idle to say that fiction is stranger than truth, or that tho fic titious narrative must have a more deleteri ous effect than the true one, because the characters that figure in it like puppets are made to say and do things which they would not and dare not on the stage of real life. And if they are not, then the novel render is in no greater danger from temptation than the newspaper reader. There are novel readers and novel readers, just as there are novels and novels ; but before we accept Sir Anthony Absolute's theory, that everybody who reads an immoral novel is in peril of being demoralised, we must revise our experience, and plead guilty to a wrong estimate of human nature. A licentious novel will leave a feeling of disgust behind it in all but tho licentious, and the man or woman who is already depraved does not deserve to be considered. Some of the least frivolous of men and women have been among the best novel writers. and they have always been able to command readers of their own stamp. Two of the most voracious novel readers of the last generation were Macaulay and Darwin ; and though Carlyle poured his anathemas on " the exceeding great multi- " tude of novelists — bidding them retire "into nurseries, and work for children, " minors and semi-fatuous persons of both "sexes," he was in the habit of putting aside Frederick the Great for a week or so at a time, and soothing his troubled brain and temper with a course of Midship- man Easy and the Dog Fiend. -Since Captain Marryatt left the stage, a new class of novelists have taken posses sion of it, who have made it tho arena for the discussion of tho moral and social questions which were for- merly monopolised by the preacher, tho philosopher and tho politician. What soever thing is now and of good or had repute, every fad in science, every specu lation in economy, every novelty in religion, every project for the regeneration of society, is seized hold of by the romancer and worked into a story of love and adventure, which is very little more than a pamphlet or a sermon in dis guise. Mrs. Humphry Ward gives us a new and easy scheme of salvation in Robert Elsmere, and is followed by Mr. Bellamy, who shakes tho centres of gravitation in the political spheres by the sketch of a fanciful Utopia that makes more con verts than tho gravely-reasoned heresies of Mr. Henry George himself. We go to the Psychical Research Society for our theories of Ghosts, and to Herbert Spencer and Huxley for our biological speculations ; but we must make tho ac quaintance of Dr. Isaacs and Dr. Jekyll and Hyde if we want to get a personal introduction to the mysterious strangers. Nor, sooth to say, do we see any reason for grumbling at an arrange ment which mingles instruction with pleasure for us, or at any rate which gives us the flies and the butter on separate plates. A writer, however, in the current number of the Nineteenth Century on The Craving for Fiction, doubts whether we can swnllow what he calls so much " innutritions "matter" without loss of power, and pretends to see that "it is a sign the world " is growing old that so many people nro " indifferent to tho truth of a narrative " and prefer fiction." But this is an utterly incorrect way of presenting tho intellectual attitude of the reading public. In tho first place a very large number of people who read novels would never read anything else ; and, in tho next place, only the novels that are written for the servants' hall can properly be described as abso lutely without any nutriment in them. Even the Shilling Shocker atones for tho sanguinary colors that dye its pages by bringing the ruffianly betrayer of female purity to a violent and untimely end in the last chapter. And what shall we say of tho noble repast that is provided by sucli caterers for the public appetite as the inventors of Romola, Alton Locke and that increasing class of novels with a purpose which really contribute as much to the education of the race as the platform and the pulpit ? Novelists of this order are evangelists in their way, and their works teach as -effec tively as parables ; and if women read more novels than men it is not that they are " more discontented with their environ- " ment," as the reviewer says, but because they have more time on their hands. Very few of them have time, however, to indulge their taste to excess. Tho warning that "it is not safe to tarry too " long with this phantom company, or wo " shall find ourselves out of tune with real " men and women," may have been neces sary and useful before the intellectual and the physical training of the sex had become a special cult almost amounting to a hobby with society; but their life is too real nowadays, and they can find too many more pleasurable means of recreation in the lecture hall, the concert room and the tennis court to drive them to seek a refuge from soul-killing vacuity and ennui in tho phantasmal attractions of Mudie's and Mullen's. The fairy tales of science are as seductive and as cheap as any novels ; and, even supposing that they prefer to revel in the romantic creations of Scott, Bulwer, Dickens and Thackeray, how many of them are not indebted to them for all the history they know? How many of them would ever have heard of Queen Bess and the ill starred Leicester, of King James and' Steenie; of Rienzi, the Gordon Riots and the horoic Wolfe, but for their "innutri- 'tious pages?" Fiction in the hands of such artists is only History in masquerade, and it would he a thousand pities to starve their canvas for the sake of The Young Person who dares not face the fascinations of Zola in the flesh tinted drapery of La Belle France, but has no ob jection to him Bowdlerised, and in a decorous English drab colored dress. 