LETTERS TO BOYS.—No. XLVI. STILL IN ROME. I am, &c.;, HENRY KELLY. College Town, July 18, 1833. After our lunch the guide took me to St. Paul's without the walls. Here was built the first Christian church in Rome—by Constan- <*> tine—part of which still remains. But for the moat part the modern is a restored building. There are come very fine mosaics of the sixth century and some wonderful mosaic portraits of Popes. There are two very fine columns of alabaster given by Mehemet All and come fine malachite given by the Russian Emperor Nicholas, and some granite columns given by Charles Albert, King of Sardinia, marble floor, mosaic ceiling, and all sorts of gorgeous work. Here, it is said, St. Paul was buried and before bis tomb lamps are ever burning. But it is really wearisome to try and remem ber half the things you are told at such a place. On the road is a little chapel at the epot where St. Paul and St. Pater shook hands and said good-bye to one another before St. Paul's martyrdom—at least where they are said to have shaken hands and said good-bye, which will do just as well for those who wish to believe it. I really wish I could—heartily. All along the road at about every 50 yards are little pens which I couldn't understand at all. The guide told me they were for foot pas sengers to take refuge from the furious cattle which used to be driven along than road to die the Russian markets, but which is not allowed now. The walls of Rome are 18 miles in circum ference ; I fancy most of the work is of the middle aces. I next went to the Baths of Caracalla— wonderful ruins covering 300 acres, nearly two of our preliminary BecrioiiE—tier upon tier of baths, hot and cold, steam and dry, swimming, and everything else, all originally faced with marble and full of niches, each of which had a fine statue. These baths took 4,000 slaves upwards of 6re rears to build. Some of the arches were 75 ft. high. You can follow the ground plan of these baths throughout. Those of Diocletian were still much larger; but thess latter are nearly total ruins. In the?e 3,200 persons could batheatonce, so yoncan fancy what accommodation they had for bathing in those days. There were 1C aqueducts coming into Home, 'which brought in as much water as now flows in the Seine by Paris. Nothing in Koine so impressed me with the magnificence of its ancient power and the glory of its people as the long lines of aqueducts still running across the plains most of them in ruins. Some six or eight, the guide told me, have been re stored and were now in use; bnt they were all built with such remarkable solidity thao the remains of those cot restored still stand perfect except when they have been deliberately de stroyed, originally by the Goths to cut off the water when they besieged Borne, and since by all sorts of enemies, and perhaps none worse than those of their own household. Of a moon light night I can fancy these very ghost-like— like backbones of some huge monster wriggling across the plain. I should lie almost afraid to go near them at night. They nearly called back the sentiment which SL Peter's had driven out of my head. I visited the Xi&teran; Church. This ranks highest, because it is in respect of this that the Pope is bishop, as the inscription over the en trance says, "The mother and head of all churches." It has been three or four times <3e sfcroyed and rebuilt, but there is a good old age even about this modern building, which is of 1370\. Of course it is marvellously rich in sculp tures and paintings and so on, but these things in this style of architecture never charmed me to begin with and have now quite tired me out, and I didn't stay in it long. Gloee by is a queer little church or building called Scala Santa, to get up to which you must go on your knees up a Sight of eteps, 20 or 3d or 80. These are marble, but the marble is so worn by the koees of the faithful that it has to be here and there cased with wood. The BCeps were crowded with people crawling up them on their knees when I was there. I was irreverent enough to think that there must be something very tine at the top in order to induce me to go up in that manner. Bat the only reason is that it is said these steps were in the houne of Pontius Pilate at Jerusalem and that Christ walked np them. I should like so see the proof of this statement. Then I went to the Coliseum. The first time I saw it I didn't realise its vastness as much as I did the second time. It used to seat 100.000 people. Here the Christians were ** butchered to make a Roman holiday," ex posed to the Hone and tigers, whose dens still in many parts are perfect. And here the gladiators fought. It t jok 150,000 Jewish pri eonera under Vespasian four jefcrs to build. If some people could get their way I dare say the Jews in many places would be put to some similar use now-a- dsys. My antiquarian guide told me that at some emperor's triumph (he mentioned his name) 10,091) people were killed in 100 days. I dare say be was right. I had read of these things, but unfortunately had -forgotten all the particulars. The walls, which remain, are 180 fc high and the arena alone is 18S by 2SO ft., so you can have some slight idea of the size. I went of course into the Sistine Chapel in the Vatican. At the entrance were the Pope's celebrated Swiss guards in uniform — blue co?*3 and striped yellow and black Blockings. They are not allowed to appear elsewhere in Rome in uniform, and the Roman troops do not appear in uniform within the Vatican. There are fine frescoes in the Sistine by Michael Angelo, setting forth the early history of the world from the creation of light to the drunkenness oi Noah, and the life of Christ from His baptism to the resurrection, which took 10 years to paint. The altar is of ivory, mother ot pearl, and tortoise shell, in mosaic, and tcok 20 year* to work. There is a very clever picture by Raphael of the Angel de livering St. Peter from prison, in which you cannot realise that the prison bars are not really iron bars across the front of the picture. Raphael's celebrated "Last Judgment," too, is here. The ceilings are full of tine paintings, and the floors in elegant mosaic But I was pleased with the lovely wood carving of the doors and window shutters. I agree with Professor Aitcheson in bis lecture in the Times of 25th of January, which I have just read, that the Gothic architecture waa never equalled for kindling sentiment and reverence, although I totally and vehe mently differ with his assertion that that archi tecture will not compare with the architecture of the future and will become a mere antique curiosity. Certainly there is not the remotest sign of any such an architecture of the future as yet. Bat how can he tell what the future will give? Ifthe future is to be judged by the present it will hayeavery ginger-bread and gew gawy eet-of architecture indeed. If this pro fessor be such a clever fellow as to be able to outshine Westminster Abbey or Milan Cathe dral, for example, I should very much like to see some signs of his handiwork. If not, I should think he had better not talk Euch non sense about our grand old cathedrals. This by the way. The carriages of the Roman nobility are well appointed and the horses good, although many of the cab horses looked too much like if they were teaching them to live on shavings. I look upon Rome as one of the finest cities I have seen, very clean and very well kept, i'here is a lot of lovely ironwork in the old middle-age buildings, though not quite so ex quisite as in Venice. In many of the now back streets, too, you will every here and there come across a fine head carved in the wall or some grand antique columns, remnants of tne glories of the past. Many of the cud temples and other Rrand buildings had been quite buried and lots of the old city is still 39 and 40 ft. underground. They are gradually unearthing it The capitals of some very beautiful columns of the Temple of Minerva just appear for a few feet above the street. This is presently to be excavated. You see the palace of the Caesars on a nice rise, with the Emperor's box looking down on the Circus Maximus, which held tkreehundred and eighty thousand, people This is 2,600 ft. across, and it is also going to be excavated. You are shown the very spot where Brutus stabbed Csesar and where Maro Antony made his celebrated oration. t But I was not able to test the localities. They may be as apocryphal as Pontius Pilate's marble steps or the chair of St. Feter. Yet I chink there is more probability in these cites being fixed with approximate correctness than in respect of many of the legends as to saints' relics. Others may differ and each has a right to his own opinion. Other antiquities and churches were pointed out to me, but I won't bother myself with repeating, for after all in Rome it becomes repetition —there is such a wonderful mass of it. I was sorry that I could cot see the church which women are not allowed to enter except at the Sundays in Lent. I had for gotten the tame of it and so could not tell the guide, and he did not seem to know of it. At other times than those Sundays ladies are only allowed to look into the church through a grating. Another injustice to lovely woman. As bad or, indeed, worse than Durham Cathedral. Of course I went to the catacombs. I went by the Appian Way—the old Roman road that went all the way to Brindisi —all paved. Along the road are high walls, which often obstruct the view, erected to shelter the vines. Many tombs of old Romans of fame in their respec tive days have been discovered along this road, and many grand tombs needed no disoovery. Some of these are hu£e buildings standing op like the old Eugiish ruined castles of the middle ages. That of Cecilia Metella. the wife of (Jrassus the Triumvir, is in shape and size exactly likeTrematon Castle in Cornwall, near Saltash. This tomb was at one time all paved with marble, as indeed almost all the public and quasi-publio buildings were originally. But all the marble and statuary from the baths, the Coleseuin, the temples, the tombs, and other craud buildings of ancient Rome has been, the guide told me. ruthlessly taken away from time to time by popes and cardinals to decorate their churches and the booses and' palaces of themselves and their hangers-on, i And if Archbishop Vaugban is to be per-, mittud to pray for the speedy restoration of) the temporal power of the popes, it is to bo permitted to the Romans to pray to the con trary. And were £ Roman I ehonld so pray; very fervently aud would back my prayer! behind a musket if necessary, as I have not doubt the Romans will. ; We passed the Circus Maxentiu?, the smallest • circus in Rome, and the guide took me aside to' seeanEgyptianohelisk, whioh wasfound buried* here a little while ago, brought by these] old Roman conquerors from Egypt. There: are twelve boxes for the horse chariots to stand] in prior to starting on their race fitHl existing] tolerably perfect, except that the marble with! which they were faced has been taken away.! Creilia Mktella's tomb was onoe far**^ withi marble, which lias also gone. < The 'catacombs are cut in the rock, which, ; I believe, is volcanic; and the guide told me that* Cardinal Wiseman, in a book on the subject, said that they altogether made up 300 Wgn«n. and that this was fortified by one of tne Jesuits who had also written on the subject. Six millions of people have been boded there.: They are little narrow etreete or lanes abouts> yard wide and 8 or 10 ft. high, with reoeeues all along like wise bins in a wise cellar for the coffins and bodies. You couldn't possibly find your way back without a guide. The place is' a perfect labyrinth, and youandthegmdeboth! carry tapers. Here and there was a collection i of smaller recesses for the coffins of poor little: children. 1 saw two or three skeletons—one' or two in coffins; I forget whose, and it roally. doesn't matter. I think they were of people of '■ more or lew distinction in their day. Them: ar« underground chapels—of course small—aad tombs of Popes, frescoes on the walls, and everything to make it an appropriate city for the dead. I forget much of what X read in my early days about these catacombs, and if I hadn't it wouldn't be worth telling you 'what yon can read better and more fully about in books; what I had read, however, made me desirous of seeing them and gave me great interest in the actual inspection. The place belongs to the Trappi?t monks, to whom yon pay a fair enough charge—2 francs—l think for yourself and in cludes the guide; and they seem to keep it in fair order, at least the parts within comfortable reach of the entrance. I ehonld be sorry to nave to inspect the whole. These monks at their little building over the . entrance cell guide-books, crucifixes, and little article of jewellery, and I think relics. They bad no guide-book in English, only in French ■• and Italian. I wondered at this, as there is no doubt that the English and Americans together exceed any otner one nationality, ex cept the Italians themselves. I bought a little mosaic cross—not a crucifix —for a trifle. The good monk asked me if he should bless it. For the moment I was a little surprised, and Martin Lather and indulgences flashed across my mind." Bat I promptly re- •. covered. As it cost nothing and as I thought' blessing could do no harm sod might do some' good I responded yes and handed it to him to ' bless. He accordingly took it, said a few words, and made a sign <a two over it and re- • turned is to me, and I thanked him. AnoVj now I have it I don't know what I shall do; with it. It is mosaic work and I fear I can - bardiy wear it myself, and as it is inferior workmanship and I think not gold I don't ex pect your sister will wear it. However, I have carefully marked it to keep it distinguished from die rest, and as it is in the same box I. can only pray that it may pass some of the blessing: over to the other articles. On the toad to the catacombs the guide stopped the cab to enow me the Columbarium —a place for the reception of funeral urns containing the ashes of the dead. There axe two very large rooms or cellars about 30 by 30 by 20 ft. deep full of shelves for the urns to stand on. This has been discovered within the last few years and made the fortune of the owner of the land. He bought it for 1,500 francs for a vineyard and on trenching lit on some remains which led to further excavation, henoethe discovery. He found and sold no end of statues, bronzes, and other relics, silver. alabaster, and all boks of valuables. There were three classes of urns—first, those for the family and its servants; Becond, those for servants of the Emperor; third, for the general public. Houses are now ereoted over the-e sunken rooms to protect them from the weather and the walls of the honees have let in them all sorts of queer and elegant bits of marble statuary and bas relief found in the excavations. A lot of "antiquities" were for sale cheap, but altogether too cheap, and I was not ••on." We bad Co ascend from the road to a miserable little hot of the ctardenec and keeper, but by magnificent marble steps, remains of pa«ii grandeur. Here we had a grand view of the Apennines and the distant Sahine Hills, all tipped with snow. I was shown no end of monuments to martyrs, past count. Onths road arelotsof Tasmanian blue gums, but they looked Very seedy from the unusual cold, and I fear two-thirds of them won't re cover, but I hope they wilL I bad a good view of the city walls, which had 30 gates, M of wnich have been walled up. Of course, these walls are valueless against modern artillery, but I passed one heavy modern for! en route back from the catacombs. This ia truly as yet the country of the dolce far nicnte. Nobody seems to bosttebimself, all is done de> liberatelv. I went into a shop for a Roman Times, "Help yourself,™ was die reply, and I had to help myself. There are some very fine fountains playing in Borne; all had three or four hundred pipes in full play. On leaving Borne the plains are full of little rises, not nnlike the Alma plains, and the soil apparently like that about the Sheaoak Log, but the mountains a little way off showed we were pot in those parts. The women were exercising their rights digging in tbe fields as vigorously and as numerous as the men, and as we whisked; along we passed no end of ruins of tombs, '. temples, and aqueducts, and bow I regretted I' could not explore them for a summer. There were a lot of vineyards along the : route, and the vines about 2 ft 6 in. and S ft. > apart in rows a foot wider, some of them arched over to bamboos stack on end, many of them twisted to rods like bo many French beans or hops. There were acres npon acres of bamboos—that is what we call bamboo, whioh is not a bamboo, bus Spanish reed, I think, evidently for the purpose of providing props for the vines. I saw several flocks of sheep. 250 to S5O being, shepherded with a great lot of black cheep; i?; some flocks there were twice as many black B& white. Ail along on the tops of tbe bills ware, buildings, whether antique tombs or middle-age castles I couldn't ccc; but in some places there were most pretty and picturesque little townships on tbe hills, and there I oould ccc that the top generally bad a castle,, around whioh the township doubtless grew np in the middle ages under the protection of tbe lord or oonnt of the caatla As we got south towards Naples there was more sun and less enow. There was a good lot of spade husbandry being carried on; I saw never a plough. I couldn't help noticing the splendid way in which multitudes of women all along tbe line wereassertong their rights; some I saw with bandies of hay on : their heads as big as ordinary trusses. "Noble ■; victors in the women's rights struggle." IJ would have hailed nnd congratulated them-1 could I have Bpoken their language—and would' the train have waited. At last we got into Naples, and now I must stop. —^__ SHIPMENT OF BA V TO ENGLAND. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—ln 1851 I was purchasing some hay from a farmer near Liverpool for a prise horse. I bought at the Highlands Society's show then: held in Glasgow. Being desirous of landing the. horse here in the best condition, I made enquiries for wheaten bay. The farmer was; surprised when I told him it was all wheaten] hay the farmers in South Australia used ; ha! thought it would be good feeding, but very ex- j pensive. Soitwould,aswheatwas<ihen7B.orBs.i per bushel. Itrnsttheenterprisingexnorter?oi hay to England will find it a profitable invest ment, aa we have every prospect of anothnr good hay season. In one of the lata Liverpool papers it was stated that 1,000 bales of bay were landed in Liverpool every day last yeaff from America.' * 