THE LOCAL BOARD OP HEALTH ? A. ? ^ It is somewhat refreshing to see the Perth Local Board of Health taking so firm a stand in their efforts to stamp out the small-pox. It is all very well to suggest that in such matters the carrying out of the details should be left to one or two indivi duals ; but in our opinion the more minds that are brought to bear upon the subject the better. In all epi demics a good deal of weight must necessarily attach to the opinions of professional men ; but having gone so far we must stop, for as a rule pro fessional men outside their own par ticular spheres are utterly impractic al beings. This has been clearly demonstrated throughout the recent outbreak of small-pox ; for while the non-professional, taking the sound common sense view, insisted upon the affected patients being completely isolated, the professional man sought to satisfy the public mind by treating the disease with some degree of con tempt. Still the disease has spread, and it is evident now that had the common-sense view prevailed instead of the professional we should pro bably not be in our present position. For this reason we are glad to see that the Board does not intend to delegate its powers to the Health Officer or to anyone else, but intends to meet night ly, hear what the professional view is, and then exercise their own common sense judgment. On Tuesday, April 11, the ounbecration of Christ Church, Claremont, tx-k plaoe, in the presence of a large number of the mem bers of the congregation and others. The visitors from Perth were very numerous, and included Bis Excellency the Governor and the Speaker of the Legislative Assem bly Sir James Lee Steere. The ceremony was performed by Bishop Parry, his lord ship being assisted by Dean Goldsmith, Archdeacm Watkins, the Uev. Mr. Hare ton and the Registrar of the Diocese (Mr. F. G. Williams). Tbe Bishop having re ceived the formal petition, at the conclus ion of the preliminary portion, of the serv ice bis lordship, in a most impressive man ner, declared the handsome little building to be now cousecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost The text of the consecration sermon which was preached by the Bishop, was taken from the sixth and seventh verse9 of the xcv. Psalm: 'Oh, come let Ua worship and fall down, and kneel before the Lord, our Maker ; for He is the Lord our God, and we are the people of His pasture, and the sheep of His hand.' At the conclusion of the Bishop's discourse, various hymns were rendered, and other portions of the Church of England service were gone through, in which the congregation heartily ininod Af. £1ia nrtnnliiRinn nf £hn norxrioo a. large number of those present examined the building, which is of freestone, with cement dressings, and is capable of seating 120 persons. The ventilation arrange ments and the fittings were much, admired, the architect, Mr. J. Talbot Hobbs, and tbe builders— Messrs. Boundey and Locke — being highly eulogised for their handi work. It will amaze many people to learn that there are bo many metals more valuable than gold. A newspaper with an unpro nouncable name, published in Saxony, gives a list of metals more precious than gold, showing the value per ounce, beginning with iridium, £15; osmium, .£18; palla dium, £19 { baryum, £24 10s. ; niodium, £31 15s. ; rhodium, £31 15s.; ruthenium, £83; didyme, £44; cerium, £46 15s. eribiutn, £47 1 vitrium, £56; strontium, £59 ; calcium, £62 ; glucinium, £74 ; luhium, £77; cironium, £100; stibidium, £125 ; vanadium, £155. The tables of reduced rates on press mes sages exchanged between Western Austra lia and New Zealand is published in Thurs day's Government Gazette. For tbe first 10 words the charge will be 3s. Gd. the rate pro gressing at an average of about 3d. per word up till 200 words, for which the charge will be 10s,, in addition to the New Zealand cable charge of Id. per word. 