STARTLING EPISODE AT THE RELIEF RESTAURANT. SPIRITUALISTIC MANIl-KSTATIONSv DISCOVERY OF REMAINS UNDER A J HKAUTIISTONIÎ. It is highly desirable that ghosts should occasionally vindicate their ox silence by putting in an appearance Their popularity in the eyes of spiritualists, clairvoyants, theoBopliisls, and psychologists has a distinct claim upon them. There are people of this kind in Hobart, and, of course, Hobart must have its ghost, though it is an old one, and appears to have been for a time quisa cent, but was, as verger us rumour saith, raised and rediscovered on Satin they at the Old Muraos'Home in Livcip.iiil-atrccr, with the result that, a somcwhataft'Ssutlonal discovery has been made. Most, if not all of us, have from time to time been no barbound at the recital of a ghost story. Sometimes the shadowy thing has confronted the belated traveller at midnight on some unfrequented road ; s sometimes the ghost has been encountered in his legitimate out door haunt, the churchyard ; but most frequently the so-called apparition has been married acquaintance within the oak-panelled chamber of some old baronial mansion; in localities where fatal accidents have happened, or a murder his be-on committed. At Hobart the order p action of the Nurses' horns has been reported at intervals for years to he the rendezvous of a spectre of a woman, and the locale of stranger noises at midnight. The building has a weird history. It was originally a female hospital, then an emigrant desire; next a Nurses' Home, and in now utilised in many ways as a refuge for a few destitutes, a Relief Restaurant, and a meeting place for one or two scratch urbanisations The cars many "fairy tales told about the old building and of the " rum characters " said to have been quartered there. About a dozen years ago a scare arose as to a ghost being seen in the main corridor and in the long ward on the Bathurst-street side of the building (subsequently divided into three apartments as it now stands), i It was at that time a female hospital. The I nurses used to declare that they heard footsteps and other uiiuceoniiUhlo noises in the corri- tor at night, especially at the upper end of the ward. Then, about eight years ago, Nurse Mastoia became very terrified, saying she had seen the ghost there. Then Nurses Player and Holt ay reported having seen it and another man, whose name for certain reasons we are requested not to publish, was so frightened by seeing the spectre, or thinking she saw it, that she at once left the hospital Larly, since the nurses have quitted it for the new Nurses' Home in Argylo.8troet,thoapparitionliasbcen reported to have reappeared. A short time after the ladies had opened the Relief Iteitaar and there, two young men, who were hard up, one being an engineer and surveyor, and the other a superior kind of offer li, were helped by The committee. They were both well educated and well brought up young' fellows, and the ladies allowed them to sleep in one of the rooms into which the ward already referred to has been sub-divided. This room is the one at the furthermost end of the corridor on the Argyle-street side of the building. They reported that they had heard the most weird noises at night after retiring on a roughly improvised bed in the room, and this becoming current His report that the place was haunted eyes again revived. It appears that in Hobart there is at present a little organisation of spiritualist!, and this report reached the ears of Messrs. E. B. Gawne and Rugby, who take a prominent interest in spiritualism and clairvoyance. Those enthusiasts, with a number of their friends, decided to investigate the alleged " spirit realistic manifestations " at the institution. Saturday night but scrub fixed upon, and between 10 and 11 o'clock the party assembled in the room off the main corridor where the young man had slept. There were both ladies and gentlemen present, and it was decided to hold a spiritualistic seance. Chairs were ranged round in a ring, and all caught bands as they sat in the circle. Then the room was darkened, and the spirits were called forth by one of the gentlemen who acted as the " medium." Meanwhile the ladies would whisper and sister, and one of them referred to the ghost which had always been seen as being that of a woman, and to the old tales about the murder of a doctor's wife alleged to have taken place on the premises years ago. Tail worked the party up to a considerable pitch of tremulous excitement over the weird Does of the situation. "It gives me the creepers," said one young lady, as the clairvoyant was rapping for the spirit to come. Then, suddenly, it is averred, a spectral figure of a woman rose from the hearthstone in front of them, passed through the little family circle, and disappeared as though she went through the wall at the opposite end of the room. Mr. Gawne and two or three of the party denies that they obey it, and that there were other " manifestations." At any rate, the whole party were thrown into a perfect spasm of terror, and there was an instant rush into the corridor, the ladies being almost hysterical, but prompted by the natural instinct which showed them that unity is strength, all kept together till plenty of light thus obtained, and they were able to *' clear out." All it is said, were pretty thankful to do so. It was intended to keep the incident as secret as possible among the initiated of the " circle," but yesterday morning Mr. Gawne said the manifestations indicated to him that there was hidden crime connected with the place. The Deeming murders and son coaluiontsby burying humanbodioB under the hearthstone were thought of. That was the very thing. They must have the hearth stone up. The athletic and venturesome Gawne thereupon, with the assistance of a working man, repaired to the institution, and got permission to raise the floor and make a search in the chamber of mysteries. Soon the crowbar and spud' were at work, and the hearthstone was raised, and quantites itartbremoved, Uoiugdoisn a little lower some remains were discovered in the shape of numerous bones, parts of a skull, bones like those of us linn, parts of a . vertebrae, a tooth, etc., also pieces of cloth, an old safety pin, and a spout bullet. These were all gathered together and taken away by Mr. Gawne, as proof true as Holy Writ of the ability to discover wonderous things by means of Spiritualism. Yesterday evening a representative of The Mercury saw Mr. Gaivue, and inspected the bones. of Mr. Gawne was somewhat reticent about the whole business, and seemed annoyed that the press has found it out as he said it was in leaded to hold further seances. Asked for particulars of what was really soon on Saturday night the only reply he would give was " VVo saw manifestations, and a clairvoyant a mile off saw it at the same moment. And those manifestations have led to the discovery of these bencH." Mr. Gawne stated that the caretaker's children had seen the apparition, also some others who did not wish to have their names mentioned. later in the day it was pointed out to Mr. Uaivuc, who had the bones in his possession, tied up in a handkerchief, that if he thought there really were any human re mu ina among them, he should no; have removed them from the Home, but have given information to the police. This, he said, had not struck him before, and his ' accordingly took the bones, rags, tooth and all, to the police station, where they were examined by two or three veterans in the police service, who concluded that there were no human remains among them, The piece of skull was probably part of a sheep's head, and some of the other bones ' perhaps part of the backbone of a crossbred Merino. An official entry was, however, made of the report, and Mr. Gawne intimated that the bones would be on view at the Home if Superintendent Pedder wished to inquire further about them. After the excavations which Mr. Gawne had made the room looked very much as if a miniature earthquake had happened in it. I Half rotten bricks, a big hearthstone, and a good wheelbatrow-luli of mould lay on the boards. There was quite a tunnel under the boarding, and the conclusion. come to by the general unbeliever in spiritualism and "mediums" was thatch hollow place under the hearthstone was a rats' dining-room, and that all the "un can truly noises " heard from time to time on the premises were caused by the name ob- trusive vermin, whilst as to the apparition well, there is no limit to man's or woman's imagination. ÈuoAtjYrrvB Ointment prepared from the Green Leaves of the Tasmania line Gum is a Marvellous Healer of *_***. Wounds, Sores, Skin Eruptions, Burns, UcaAIi, sore eyes or Ups. IlollH, several, States, or Wungu, Uclngof a lieu emerald colour, and having a friigruntodouror thu"liluaMum"lji>iif, our Ointment is one W . distinguishable from that of our imitators. For Coughs, Colds. UiuiicIiIUh, Although. and his eitUu dust infections schooner Platypus Brand of Eucalyptus Globulus Oil. For Diphtheria. Sore . Throat, etc., inhale and spray with Eucalypte Extract Tasmanian Eucalyptus Oil Company Hobart, < SMOKE ONLY -IRISH ,, "Jun'" CIO-JURUa» 