Hours with Great Men AND THEIR WORKS. HENEY KENDALL AND HIS POEMS. (concluded.) In the curse of Mother Flood, Kendall shows his power of painting horrible imageray almost more powerfully than he doeB in ' Cooranbean.' We extract a few stanzas as illustrations. Where the abominable glen in which the witch lived iB situated we are unable to tell, for the poet is dead and gone, and the latitude and longitude of the terrestrial horror he has described has perhaps, perished with him. He says -. - Wizened the wood is. and ?wan is the way through it » White as a corpse is the face in the fen ; Only bine adders abide in and stray through it — Adders and venom and horrors to men. Here is the ' ghost of a garden ' whose minister Fosters strange blossoms that startle and scare, Bed as man's blood ia the snn that with sinister Flame ia a menace of hell in the air. Wrinkled and haggard the hills are — the jags of them Gape like to living and ominous things : Storm and dry thunder cry oat in the crags of them, Fire, and the wind with a woe in its wings. Much less artificial than the preceding is the stanza which closes with Sin without name to it — man never heard of it Crime that would startle a fiend from his lair, Blasted this glen, and the leaf and ihe bird of it— Where is there hope for it, Father, O where ? Kendall's genius, however, revelled rather in depicting the beauties of Australian landscapes than in describing the weird, the unsightly, and the horrible. He is at home in describing Sep tember, a month which generally eclipses all other months of the year for genial warmth and fresh ness. He sings : September, the maid with the swift, silver feet! She glides, and she graces The valleys of coolness, the slopes of the heat, With her blossomy traces. Sweet month with a month that is made of a rose, She lightens and lingers In spots where the harp of the evening glows, Attuned by her fingers. The stream from its home in the hollow hill slips In a darling old fas' ion ; And the day goeth down with a song on its lips, Whose kev-note is passion. Far ont in the fierce, bitter front of the sea I stand, and remember Dead things that were brothers and sisters of thee, Resplendent September. # # * ? We, having a secret to others unknown, In the cool mountain-mosses, Mav whisper together, September, alone Of our loves and our losses. One word for her beauty, and one for the grace She gave to the hoars ; And then we may kiss her, and suffer her face To sleep with the flowers. High places that knew of the gold and the white On the forehead of Morning, Now darken and quake, and the steps of the Night Are heavy with warning ! Her voice in the distance is lofty and loud, Through the echoing gorges ; She hath hidden her eyes in a mantle of cloud, And her feet in the surges ! On the tops of the hills ; on the turreted cones — Chief temples of thunder — The gale, like a ghost, in the middle watch moans, Gliding over and nnder. The sea flying white through the rack and the rain, Leapeth wild at the forelands ; And the pi -ver, whose cry is like passion with pain, Complains in the moorlands. O, season of changes — of shadow and shine — September the splendid ! My soug hath no music to mingle with thins, And its burden is ended : But thou, being born of the winds and the son, By mountain, by river, May lighten and listen, and loiter and ran, With thy voices for ever. What can be more gracefully Australian than his poem upon bell-birds. TheBe beautiful crea- I turea can be both seen and heard in the ndges that front the sea along the eastern coast of Aus t.alia?— The silver-voiced bell-birds, the darlings of day tinw i They sing in September their songs of the May time; When shadows wax strong, and the thunderbolts hurtle, They hide with their fear in the leaves of the _^ fnyrtle ; When rain and the sunbeams shine mingled to gether, They start up like fairies that follow fair weather ; And straightway, the hues of their feathers, un folden Axe the green and the purple, the blue and the golden. October, the maiden of bright yellow tresses, Loiters for love in these cool wildernesses ; Loiters, knee-deep in the grasses, to listen Where dripping rocks gleam and the leafy pools glisten ; Then ia the time when the water-moons splendid Break with their gold, and are scattered or blended Over the creekE, till the woodlands have warning Of the songs of the bell-bird and wings of the Morn ing. Welcome as waters unkissed by the summers Are the yoices of bell-birds to thirsty far-comers. When fiery December sets foot in the forest, And the need of the wayfarer presses the sorest. Pent in the ridges tor ever and ever, The bell-birds direct him to spring and to river, With ring and with ripple, like runnels whose torrents Axe toned by the pebbles and leaves in the current. Another phase of Kendall's character is worthy of notice. He felt grateful to all who had be friended him, and was ever willing to speik well of those who had marched along with him through the byways of literature. The men whom he has gratefully commended in bin poems were men of high intelligence and distinguished as valuable members of society. From his ' In Memoriam on the Late Lamented D. H. Deniehy' we quote a stanza: His should be a grave by mountains, in a cool and thick mossed lea, With the lone creek falling past — falling ever to the sea. His should be a grave by waters, by a bright and broad lagoon, Making steadfast splendors hallowed of the quiet shining moon. Here the elves of many frosts — wandering winds and flying lights, Born of green, of happy mornings, dear to yellow summer nights, Full of dole for him that loved them, then might halt, and then might go. Finding fathers of the people to their children speak ing low — Speaking low of one who failing, suffered all the poet's pain, Dying with the dead leaves round him — hopes which never grow again. And the following verses in commemoration of the lamented death : of Edward Butler might have been written by a most pronounced spiritu alistic poet. For this heorie Irish heart, We miss so much to-day, Whose life was of our lives a part What words have I to say P Because I know the noble woe That shrinks beneath the touoh — The pain of brothers stricken low — I will not say too much. But often in the lonely space, When night is on the land, I dream of a departed face — A gracious vanished hand. , And when the solemn waters roll Against the outer steep, I see a great benignant soul, Beside me in my Bleep. ' Tea. while the frost is on the ways With barren banks austere, The friend I knew in other days Is often very near. I do not hear a single tone, But where this brother gleams, The elders of the seasons flown Are with me in my dreams. \- The saintly face of Stenhouse turns; HiB kind old eyes I see; And Pell and Ridley, from their urns, Arise and look at me. By Butler's side the lights reveal The father of his fold, I start from sleep in tears and feel That I am growing old. His verses upon William Bade Dalley were Written during that much lamented Australian gentleman's life, whereas some of his effusions of grateful, personal friendship were written after the death of those whom he commended. Of Mr. Dalley he sang: He with the faultless intuition born Of splendid faculties, sees things aright, And all his strong, immeasurable scorn Falls like a thunder on the hypocrite. Bnt for the sufferer and the son of shame, On whom remorse, a great, sad burden lies, His kindness glistens like a morning flame ; Immense compassion shines within his eyes. Firm to the church by which his fathers stood, But tolerant to every form of creed, He longs for universal brotherhood, And is a Christian gentleman, indeed. Of the late Mr. John Fairfax, Kendall, after reading a touching poem by Mrs. Browning, wrote : Because this man fulfilled his days, Like one who walks with steadfast gaze Averted from forbidden ways With lures of fair, false flowerage deep, Behold the Lord, whose throne is dim With fires of flaming seraphim — The Christ that suffered sent tor him, He giveth his beloved sleep. * * # ♦ Be sure this hero, who has passed Tho human space — the outer vast — Who worked in harness to the last, Doth now a hallowed harvest reap ; Love sees his grave, nor turns away The eyes of Faith are like the day, And grief has not a word to say — ' He giveth his belovod sleep.' That fair, rare spirit, honor throws A light, which puts to shame the rose, Across his grave, because she knows The son whose ashes it doth keep ; And like far music, this ia heard — s ' Behold the man who never stirred, By word of Ms, an angry word ! He giveth his beloved sleep.' The late Samue^ Bennett was a friend to Kendall, and appreciated bis genius very highly. After Mr. Bennett's lamented death Kendall wrote a beautiful ' In Memoriam ' entitled 'By the Cliffs of the Sea,' which has been printed along with his other poems. From this tender effusion of the poet's grief for the loss of a valued friend we extract a few Btanzas. In a far-away glen of the hills, Where the bird of the night is at rest, Shut in from the thunder that fills The fog-hidden caves of the west — In a sonnd of the leaf, and the lute Of the wind on the quiet lagoon — I stand, like a worshipper, mute In the flow of a marvellous tune ! And the song that is sweet to my tens® Is ' Nearer My God Unto Thee.' But it carries me sorrowing hence, To a grave by the cliffs of the sea. So many have gone that I loved — So few of the fathers remain, . That where in old seasons I moved I could never be happy agaia. In the breaks of this beautiful psalm, With its deep, its devotional tone, And tints of ineffable calm, I feel like a stranger alone. No wonder my eyes are so dim — Tour trouble is heavy on me, 0 widow and daughter of him Who sleeps in the giave by the sea. * * # * 1 knew him indeed, and I knew, Having suffered so much in his day, What a beautiful nature and true, In Bennett was hidden away. In the folds of a shame without end, When the lips of the Bcorner were curled, I found in this brother a friend — The last that was left in the world. Ah' ! under the surface austere Compassion was native to thee; I send from my solitude here This rose for the grave by the sea. Now that the citizens sung of, and the poet who sung of them, have passed over to the great and silent majority, his faults and failings will be all forgotten, and he will be remembered by his countrymen as a native Australian singer distin guished by great fluency, delicacy, and sweetness, and one whose works will long occupy a promi nent position in the literature of his country. ? SENEX. 