THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. MATCH AGAINST MARYLEBONE. A WIN FOR M.C.C. London, June 12, 2.35 p.m. The Australian Eleven began a return match at Lords to-day against the Mary lebone Club and ground. Banncrman it on the toss and elected to bat upon a good wicket, the pioneers as usual being Lyons and Bannerman. The South Australians at once began to score rapidly, while the captain played the cautious game for which he is so famous. Just after 30 had been posted, however, Bannerman tipped a ball which was smartly taken behind the wickets, and he retired with 11 to his credit. Giffen came next but did not stay long, as in trying to steal an impossible run he was promptly dismissed before he had scored, the score standing, at 31 runs for two wickets. Trott and Lyons did their best to re trieve the disaster, and both batsmen put on runs very rapidly. Lyons in particular showed dashing cricket, while at the same . time his hits were very safe. Kortright was very fast in the field, while O'Brien on two different occasions made brilliant attempts to get at some of the hard strokes by which Lyons sent the ball flying to the boundary. At last, however, when the giant had compiled 83 runs, O'Brien had his reward, and a great innings came to an end. Throughout his stay at the wickets Lyons manifested no change in the con fident manner in which lie faced the bowling, and until the hit that proved fatal he made no mistakes, while lie did not give the ghost of a chance. His total included 15 fourers. Trott also batted well, and at the lunch adjournment he was still not out with 44 to his credit, the record being 150 runs for four wickets. London, June 12, 8 p.m. The weather for the return match of the Australians against Marylebone which was commenced to-day at Lords was beautifully fine, and the greatest interest was centred in the contest, the atten dance of spectators being very large. An excellent wicket had been prepared, whilst the fielding ground was in the best order. Up to the adjournment for luncheon four wickets, those of Bannerman, Lyons, Geo. Giffen, and Bruce, had fallen for 150 runs. On resuming Trott, who had made 44, was accompanied to tho wickets by Graham. Trott, who had opened his innings carefully, now commenced to bat with great freedom and runs kept coming off his bat. The Victorian was especially severe on the bowling of Kortright, Shacklock, and Flowers, whom he punished continually. Meanwhile Trott was doing the scoring, but when he had carried his total to 56 he was clean bowled by Flowers. The outgoing batsman had hit seven fours and four threes, most of his runs being made behind the wickets. He did not give the semblance of a chance throughout. Gregory who came next was terribly slow, but the bowling was good and it took him all his time to keep the ball from his wicket. Graham, who had gone in with Trott, was unlucky, as he made a hard hit to long on off Flowers when he had made 9, and Gunn brought off a barely possible catch. McLeod came in and the cricket for some time was not at all attractive, the newcomer's style being pronounced ugly, though he kept his wicket up. The bowling of Kortright and Hearne was very much on the spot and Gregory could do little with it. When he had made 22 he was caught by Storer at the wicket off Kortright. The tail of the Australian team, as has so often been the case, collapsed. Turner hit up 10 and was then smartly snapped up by Storer behind the wickets. Tmmble made 1 and was then bowled by Kortright, who disposed of Jarvis with the next ball, the innings thus coming to a sudden close for 231 runs, McLeod remaining not out with 19, though his batting had been feeble. Kortright's success at the finish brought him out with the bowlingaverage of three wickets for 57, but the best form in this direction had been shown by Flowers, whom nobody but Trott had been able to play with any freedom. After luncheon, the professional took three wickets for 35 and Hearne two for 50. Shacklock was responsible for the remain ing one. Scores — AUSTRALIANS. First inninga. A. C. Bannerman, c. Storer, b. Hearne ... 11 J. J. Lyons, c O'Brien, b. Flowers ... 83 Geo. Giffen, run out ? 0 G. H. S. Trott, b. Flowers ? ... 56 W. Brace, b. Shaddock ? , 2 H. Graham, c. Gnnn, b. Flowers ? 9 S. E. Gregory, c Storer, b. Kortright ... 22 R. Molieod, not out ? 19 O. B. T. Turner, o. Storer, b. Hearne ... 10 H. Trumble, b. Kortright ? ... 1 A. H. Jarvis, b. Kortright ? 0 Sundries ? 14 Total ? ... 231 Bowline Analysis. Kortright, three wickets for 57. Flowers, three for 35. Hearne. two for 50. London, June 12, 8 p.m. Grace and Stoddart came out to start the first innings of the M.C.C., and the former at once began to hit. Giffen opened to the Middlesexamateur, Turner trundling at the other end, and the first ball which the Sydney terror sent down to Stoddart bowled him. The out going batsman has been in wonderful form with the bat lately^and his cheap dismissal was considered very satisfactory by the Australians. Gunn, however, who replaced him, made a long stand with Grace. Both batsmen batted with great freedom, ten after ten being added to the score, and the first century was hoisted amid cheers. The professional's career was, however, now brought to a close, as Trumble accepted a chance off Turner. Hearne followed, but when he had made 2 stumps were drawn for the day, the score standing at two wickets for 114 runs. Grace remained not out with 71 to his credit, made very rapidly and in his best form. London, June 13, 1.30 p.m. Grace and Alex. Hearne, the not-out men of the previous day, resumed batting for the M.C.C. this morning. Grace's wicket fell for a total of 75 and Hearne's for la. The score now stands at 167 for seven wickets. London, June 13, 2.45 p.m. The M.C.C. innings closed for 236. Grace was at the wickets for two hours while compiling his total of 75, which included 12 fourers. He gave a magnificent exhibition of bat ting without a chance, his cutting being especially free. He was finally disposed of by a splendid catch. Hearne played a cautions game, but had a good deal of luck, while Bean's batting was weak. Flowers lost his wicket by a very clever catch, and O'Brien was no means at home with the bowling. Shacklock contributed 28 to the total and Storer 20. London, June 13, 7.40 p.m. In the match between the Australians and the M.C.C. Grace was out immedi ately on resuming play this morning, but Hearne played continuously, though with a good deal of luck for his 19. Turner finally bowled him and was also the means of dismissing Bean and O'Brien for small scores. The former fell to a catch by Trott, who had previously caught Grace brilliantly. Graham also made two catches, that which disposed of Flowers being particularly brilliant, the ball being skied to a great height. The out going batsman had played a free innings, making some pretty cuts, especially off Trumble. Shacklock hit rather wildly and got in some lucky glances to leg ; he was missed at the wickets by Jarvis and later on by Lyons, but eventually Trumble held a catch off McLeod. Storer, who has not shown any particular form this season, treated the bowlers with scant respect, one spirited 'drive off McLeod landing the ball in the pavilion, but the same player eventually held a catch off Trumble's bowling. Kortright hit up 18 before Trumble knocked over his middle stump and the innings terminated for 236, Hearne being 3 not out. Turner bowled splendidly in the earlier part of the innings, but the later batsmen treated him with little respect. The scores were : — MAHTLEB01VE. Fiist Innings. Graoe, c. Trott, b. Turner ... ;.; :.. 75 Stoddart, b. Turner ? 5 Gunn, o. Trumble, b. Turner ? 36 A. Hearne, b. Turner ? 19 Bean, c. Trott, b. Turner ? 6 Flowera, c. Graham, b. Turner ? 17 O'Brien, a Graham, b. Turner ? 9 Storer, c McLeod, b. Trumble ? 20 Shacklock, a Trumble, b. McLeod ... 28 Kortright, b. Trumble ? ... IS J. Hearne. not out ? ? ... ... S Total ? ; ... 236 Bowling Analysis. Turner, seven for SG. Trumble, two for 54. McLeod, one for 54. 