MALIGNANCY OF INANI- MATE THINGS. A rising foreign philosopher has, we are told, beec. developmg a curious theoiy as to the maUgnancy cf -jmiTHmate objecta. The anthor of the theoiy appeals very wistlyin the first inBtanee to ^he common experience of all human beings, and then, having seouied that substantial bans of acknowledged fact, proceeds to work out bis general theory. Many.another doctrine—that for ' instance of tbe ghost revisiting the glimpses of e mood:— it argued after a different fashion, and even after a different principle. It would be of no use now-a-days to begin with an appeal to our oommon experience of ghostly apparitions. We are like the Spanish soldier who declared that in one of the grsat battles of Spain Saint James himself had - COABGED CKDEB. THE PPASISn FLAG, but added modestly, " unworthy that I was, although in the Battle I was not favored with a eight of the blessed saint." But the philosopher who theorises about the malignancy of inanimate objects can seize at once ppoo a common and indeed universal experience. Let us have ths fasts to begin with, and then we can get at the theory, perhaps. At all events we can get on the way to it. Wh6_does not often writhe under and storm'at the malignancy of inanimate objeois ? " The; footstool that was doubtedly put carefully into a corner—ho w does it come to he in the middle of the room? The fire which was blazing up a moment ago—why is it dead out already. The water tap from which one fills jug seems never to flow freely while he stands over it ;* but let him divert his attention for one moment to_ any other object, and AFTEB h II TcTE DFLCf.E. Tti2 latch-key—but then, perhaps, we had better not lay too much stress on the troubles with thelatch-key,inasmuch asunphilosophical levity might suggest unwelcome explanations, xhe pebble that comes in the way of the hero's horse and upsets the hero is a striking illustration on a grand scale of this alleged inveterate malignancy of inanimate' objects. O j a smaller scale of illustration, why should d tbe razor which shaves so keenly one day utterlv decline to shave at all the next day, and then, being neglected and thrown aside for a week, establish a new and tralignlymeant claim when TBTED AGACS* IX 2ESFATB, aud become sharp as tue Soman Sing's ras.r which cut the whetstone through? Why will " the watch stop at the very time when we most want it to keep going on? We might go on through a whole catalogue of such experiences, the daily experiences of most of us. There is no question—there can be none—as to the experience. Let any of us take notice on any day of the number of times on which he has been obstructed, harassed, annoyed, made to lose his temper—sometimes almost made to lose his wits by inanimate objecte, and he will then be wrought into a mood of mind to appreciate better the force of the new philosophic theory. We confess that, although we find the theory interesting, we do not ees that it is likely to enrich the world with any new and practical rules for the guidance of everyday or any. day life. Bscause if these inanimate things are really malignant, they will be malignant still, -after philosophy shall have recognised THE PACT OF THEIS MALIGXm". But, if we were to refuse to consider a theory merely becanse we did not see what practical good considering it would do, we should be cutting ourselves off from some of the finest theories with which philosophy has from time to time refreshed the world. As, therefore, after centuries of evolution, the -vexations and impatienoes of mankind under the refrac - •tory conduct of inanimate objects, have at ast crystallised themselves into a theory, we feel bound to commend it to public consideraessuredthaJt the <»mmo^rSii^^aSTtSre'ilaMy: task will be made much the earner by its reecgnllaaii. Nothing "can "be in its "way XOBX IBEITATISG THA3T THB LT7CIFEB ICATC&. Who can tell when it-will light, when it Kill refuse to light, what & will break in the middle, when it will snap ^off just at the top after lighting, and leave fiery head on one's, hand? But all this will go on no doubt even after the world has accepted the philosophic theory bat the lndfer match is a malign and a capricious thing like some 31-cenditioned gnome or sprite or imp". . We cannot educate or convert or punish a Inciter match any more than we can an Sl-oonditioned gnome or sprite orimp. But we are for receiving and discussing the theory all the same. It might perhaps relieve the feelings of a human being now and then to.know that when his watering for no apparent reason broke away from its handle, or when his coffee at a railway elation wonld not oool in time to let him swallow it before the starting of his train, or when his coffee atvhome cooled so instantaneously as to make him unwilling to swallow it at all—it might perhaps relieve his feelings to know that he was struggling against a malicious enemy, and not. suffering from a commonplace accident. Agreatdevotee of Schopenhauer, developing not long since a principle of that philosopher, discussed the possibility of bringing an odious and hopeless world ts a oloee by AN ACT OF rrSTVEBSAI. StJIOLE. But he admitted certain doubts as to the feasibility of accomplishing such a pnrpoBe. The whole human raoe~mi£ht, he" thought, be brought into that league of universal self-obliteration. . Even the. lower animals might be persuaded or coerced into the same arrangement. But his hesitation was as to waat are called—unphSosophicaUy no doubt—the inanimate things. His conviction was that the wodd began with the inanimate things, as we call them. They started the whole business, and then came the lower animals, and then came man. Now suppose man were universally willing to extinguish himself—what guarantee could he possibly have from these inanimate things" tbat the moment he had disappeared they would not ST AST THE WHOLE MACHETE OP EXISTENCE all over again. You' c&nnot; have a'] compact with the sands of the desert or the salt of the sea or the stones in a quarry. You cannot have & 1 treaty with the dust of the highway or an alliance with the coals in a mine. Even if you. could have .each an arrangement^ who oould answer for its. being carried out ? Who conld trust these things to keep thenplighted words? The moment our backs were turned they wonld be sure to set the whole mechanism going again, just for the perverse fun .of the business. Nowit seems to ns that there is a great deal of practical good eemsejinthat idea- .It works in Very "well, also, with the theoryof thelater philosopher about the malignancy of inanimate things. The moment these inanimate objobts found that there was anything mankind particularly wanted them to do, then they wpuldinEtantly, and.. . OCT OF SH&EB; JCAUCE, make np theirmindsnot to do ,-it. We can judge of that from that co Jn5n.fi; d 'rying daily experience.to which we havo already sd. ThedisoipleofSobopenhauerhad not, perhaps, sihsn he developed his doubte, ever , heard of what we may call the in- Hibh>j. Bat if he had \- heard . of it, and admittedthat them' waawmethingmit^he-woald-asstiredly have .-foundhimaeU^trsnjrtheDed in hisjrhpIeKnns eoeptaosm. " He might s tall lind aermons In beticule i 1 —- ihat it would ~eeaaB gaming iudt to -ol iSB&ltJDM;^Bmih*. " 