DIARY OF PARLIAMENT. Tuesday, Judy 25. THE INCOME TAX. Sir Graham Berry's opening of the case for the Opposition this evening was mildness itself. There was almost a note of apology In it. and eertainlv there was not any decisive note of attack upon any part of the Budget. Sir Graham spoke with less than his usual facility, notwithstanding that he had carefully prepared his deliverance and had his leading sentences writ ten upon his notes. It would be a misreadingot the Parliamentaryprobabilities, however, to suppose that this suggestion that butter' wouldn't melt in his mouth, vthveyed by his speech, is necessarily a ftliable gauge of the real feeling of the rank Jmd file of tne Opposition. Las c year, I re- hiember, the debate on Sir Graham Berry's Budget was led off by Mr Patterson in just Such a soft-pawed speech as that made by (Sir Graham Berry himself to-night. And yet the Budget debate last year was one of the most bitter and protracted of discussions, and within a few months those self-same soft paws had put forth their claws, and torn the Government from its place. The Premier will not forget his own record, and it is scarcely possible that he will judge the Opposition body from the smirk on the Op position head. The advice of Heine is scarcely needful for so old a tactician. Beware, my friend, of fiends' grimaces dire; Yet worse are gentle smiling angels' faces : One such did woo me once with sweet em braces, But her sharp claws I felt as I drew nigh her. And old black cats, my friend, beware their ire ; Yet worse are soft white kittens in some cases. Soft, fluffy political kittens may have claws of tigers. Sir Graham explained bis estimates of last year in two ways. Pi ret of all, he argued that estimates were at best only the opinion of experts ; and, in the second place, he urged that the scheme of taxation which he carried last year, has not yet had a suffi cient trial, and will probably bear fruition during the year that is coming. It is singular that the ex-Treasurer did ndt make use of the explanation which Mr Harper offere 1 in a subsequent speech, namely, that the extra ordinary commercial events of last year were sufficient to upset any calculation, however carefully made. Mr Patterson's speech, in reply to Sir Graham, was in his characteristic style of vigor, relieved by some humor, but also not entirely free from that strong suggestion of playacting which one often detects beneath the Premier's forcible manner. Mr Patter son is one of those orators who has such complete command over ' his emotions, that he is able to assume a desper ate earnestness about a question, and boils over like a geyser on the surface, yet all the time tie is, deep down within him, us unruffled as a puddle in a back street. There are skilful advocates at the bar who, for a fee, wiil weep copiously. Mr Patterson does not weep, but he fames copiously, aud, occasionally, ludicrously, when he choses. In the course of his speech to- night he found it necessary to disagree witli those advocates of too trenchant re- i trenchment who wish to knock off the greater part of the expenditure on our mili tary forces. Pumping up eloquence; he attempted a glowing picture of a recent occasion when the military marched through the streets of Melbourne, and declared that this sight did an immense amount to raise the people out of their sense of depression, and.tberetore, that it would be impolitic to reduce the military expense. The House roaredwith laughter; and Mr Patterson himself, his own sense of 'the ludicrous awakened, surrendered his dignity and joined m tbe merriment. ThC Income Tax was new fairly launched for the criticism of the House, and it has to be said that it suffered severely at the hands of members. Captain Taylor followed the Premier, and occupied the minutes just before and just alter the dinner hour. Mr Armytage, who enjoys the reputation of being one of the most unmitigated bores in the House, succeeded. ThiB young person speaks with an immense assumption of superior wisdom, and an equal vacuity of ideas and arguments. Nobody listens to him except the reporters, who— for their sins — have to do so, and he only serves to empty the House on those too numerous occasions on which he occupies time. , The next speech was in the nature of a surprise to the House, and a very interesting one, too. Mr M'Kinley, the . member for Toorafr, is one of the most assiduous of mem bers in attending to his Parliamentary duties. He is one of the few members who sit tight iu their places throughout im- / portent, debates, .weigh all the arguments aud vote, with the utmost regularity., Personally, he baa made himself one of the most popular of members; and the foot that he has not taken up valuable time in making unnecessary speeches has added to the universal respect Tuese personal traits explain the compli ment of the large gathering of members who filled the benches on both sides of the House when the hon. member broke the Parlia mentary ice this evening and delivered him self of his maiden speech. Hitherto Mr M'Kinley has been, like myself, a " silent member and, like me also, he has been none the less keen an observer of Parliamentary doings. I view his maiden speech with something like a pang of pain, for it leaves me as the only silent member in a House which is prone to talk too much. But as to the merits of his speech members seemed pretty we'll agreed. It took a fresh view of the Income Tax, and his was the first effort that has yet been made, either in Parliament or in the Press, to form any thing like an estimate, found upon reliable data, of what the Treasurer is likely to get if he cairies the Tax. Mr Robert Harper pointed this out subsequently, when he said that the speech of the hon. member for Toorak is the only reliable sort of guide we have bad as to what is likely to be obtain able from an income tax.' Mr M'Kinley's conclusion was, after sifting all the avail able figures, that the total amount of the incomes that will be taxable under the Treasurer's scheme is only L4, COO, 000. Allowing an average of sixpence in the £ for the different classes of income to be taxed, he argued that the revenue would be exactly L100,000. The member for Tourak very pertinently asked whether the thing was woith doing for so small a return. The speech won the congratulations of the best speakers in the House — SirH. Wrixon, Mr Deakin, Sir Graham Berry and the Premier. It was a pity Mr Robert Harper did not condense his speech as closely as did his pre decessor in the debate. His remarks were weighty, but suffered from prolixity, Two hours is surely too much time for a private member to occupy with old quotations and ancient history which the newspapers have already sufficiently covered. His address was very able from its point of view,, aud presented the broad case against the Income Tax. Wednesday, Judy 26. SUPPORTING THE TAX. The supporters of the Income Tax had their turn to-nisht. Yesterday we heard all about the monstrousness and unpopularity of the proposed impost. Now we bad the other side of the shield. After Mr Zox bad un bosomed himself of the misgivings on the subject which disturb the peace that normally reigns behind his immaculate white waistcoat, and Mr levers had expressed how he felt on the subject, . Sir Henry Wrixon rose from the Ministerial corner and spoke the first word of weight that had come from any quarter of the House in favor of the tax. At the same time, Sir Henry was sternly critical of the way the Government have launched the measure. He objected to the threat tacked on to it, that resigna tion would follow rejection or modification. Hie protest at this uncompromising attitude of the Ministry was spoken in grave terms of rebuke, which carried all the more force because of the position of candid friend which Sir Henry assumed. The importance of this speech from the Government point of view is not to be underrated. The weight of Sir Henry Wrixon's personality is very consider able, and the high ground of principle he takes up, the absence of pettiness and parochialism from his deliverance, his trans parent purity of motive, and his possession of that which the late Earl Granville, speak ing of Lord Derby, described as essen tially a cross- bench mind" — all these causes make him a great independent power in the House. In some respects his speech was more -damaging to the Government than some others that have been aimed against its policy. Sir Henry Wrixon's candor went so far into the borders of admonition that its very friendliness made its severity doublv severe. Ee " damned with faint praise, J' and praised with taint damns. But at any rate the speech started a string of members who were found to go in heart and soul for the Income Tax. Dr Scott, with i that religions feeling which marks your in- veterate xtaaical, ana tnrows the glamor of theology oyer his politics, turned up the whites of his eyes and gave utter ance to the fervent prayer that if any ma a who lias a a income cf L1000 per annum can't spare LiO for the revenue of the country, then " God Almighty help his miserable sonl!" To which Dr. Maloney, from the profuse piety ot his heart, and with nis head buried in Whitaker's Almanac, prayed " Amen." The religions zeal of these members and eertaiu of their colleagues, who adorn their speeches with invocations to Deity on every possible occasion, might be put to better uses. Would it not be well if they held a prayer meeting at thedoor of the Legislative Coun cil, for instance, and left off saying the Litany m the Assembly ! For it is the Coun cil that wants converting. It is there that the Burners most docongregate. Why Should not Dr Scott and Dr Maloney conduct a mission to unregenerate squatters aud people with incomes of over LlGOO a year ? That would be better than praying iu Par liament for their " miserable souls." Be cause. you see, a man with L1000 a year is not so very miserable after all, as times go. Mr Graves returned to his old sport of Premier-baiting. Armed with a battery of " Hansard," be bombarded Mr Patterson with quotations from hisold speeches. It was rather funny, but this argument by quotation busi ness is really getting played out. You can't expect a politician to remain faithful to one opinion for more than a few weeks conse cutively. It isn't fair. You must always allow fair play for versatility and aspiration in the ordinary politician. Thubsday, Judy 27. THE TREASURER'S REPLY. The speeches made in the Assemblv to-night were not mportant, excepting that of the Treasurer. They reflected the opinions of the rank and file of both sides of the House, and threw some sidelights 9® ® question. Under discussion, bo? were not specially interesting, either personal reasons or for the subject matter they contained. Mr Josei Harris, Mr Taverner, Mr Frank Stuart, Mr Tom Smith, and Mr Methven are all estimable men, and their utterances are, no doubt, of considerable consequence to their constituents and to themselves, bat do not call for any particular mention. Speeches of this kind, in fact, are not made to be heard. They are made to be reported, so that the watchful elector, in province or suburb, may see that "our member has been taking bis due part in the delibera tions ot Parliament. The House was nearly empty the whole evening. Many members had gone home ; others found the smoking rooms or library more congenial. There was a general under standing that the principal men for whose voices the country is listening — Mr Shiels, Mr Gillies and Mr Deakin — shall speak on Tuesday or Wednesday pext. Nobody is really anxious for any more talking than the real political leaders of the country may have to do. Mr G. D. Carter rose to make his reply before a very meagre House, at half- past 8 o'clock, and spoke for two hours. There was a dash of the old Mr Carter — the bantering wit of the Opposition corner — in the early part of his speech. Office has sobered him wonderfully. Mr Zox has saddened at the gravity that has come upon bis whilom fellow jester, whose genial cynicism and Laboucherian humor and audacity used so often to set the House in a roar ; and this sobering has had such an effect upon the proprietor of the white waist coat that he has not made a single pun, or a solitary quotable joke, this session. But to-night Mr Carter gave a little more play to his fancy. Some parts ot his speech were in capital form, and amused the House greatly. He d tubbed poor Mr Harper in the kindliest fashion — took him across his knee in a paternal way, as it were, and spanked him : " Gentle severity, repulses mild, Full of chaste love and pity sorrowing."7 Like many politicians, Mr Harper has a short memory about his own past opinions. On Tuesday night he had jauntily recom mended suspension of the municipal subsidies in substitution for the In come Tax proposals. But what did he say last February ? Mr Carter brought forth a copy of a letter sent by Mr Harper to the " Argus " during that month, in which hesaid that if the municipal subsidies had been suspended, " our system of local self Government would have been paralysed." Members roared with laughter when the Treasurer, with the utmost gravity, walked along to Mr Harper, offered him a copy of his letter written in February, and the hon member turned his back on his child, with a gesture as ot Macbeth cowering before the apparition of Banquo's ghost. Mr Carter was much more prolix than his matter demanded, and might very well have said all he had to say in halt the time. But he made the most cf the points left to him to take up, and answered them very convincingly. There was but one glaring omission. He took the figures brought for ward by Mr M'Kinley on Tuesday, and de clared that they puzzled him. But he did not give the figures upon which he jjiimself bases his estimate that he will get L300,000 from his Income Tax. If Mr M'Kinley's estimate is puzzling, Mr Carter's is like the riddle of the Sphinx, which no man can solve. J' . f 