; ? jVUWTitA'LIAN ???- MYTHS. / STTMTE Australian abbriginos have ft curious. i*»'-:'iiijlh' with regrird' tP tlib ' origin of ' ( wato'r.- They say bhab originally thore was j water in Australia. They got along' ? very comfortably without- it till one' 'day' ; Bonio ndvonturous ' spirit suggested thab' bhey oughb-to do something bo procure ib. ' A s'olomn conclave -was hold.' and thov detor- ' mined to apply to the oldesb nnd wisest ' inhabitant as bo tho courso to be pursued to attain their object. Tho voncrabio native liBtenod to their complaint and told them ;that the water wns contained in tho Btomnoh1 of a' gigantio toad which : lived in '*' cavo at tho top of ono of their highest mountains. AH that was requited1 was to make him laugh, 'when 'the water' wouW run out of his mouth'.!u: Another greab consultation was heldj whon- ib was; decided that all tho animals should bo askod1 jtbgivo their co-oporatioh' to obtain- the' desired- realilli. This ttiby readily ugrood to,1 and natives atid animals repaired in a great body to tho toad's mountain to try their' powors in, the wnj of langh:raisiiig. The irst to make the essay was tho asg. H« brayed so loud that ho mii^hb havo been a deinagoguo oxpatintlngon' tho crimes of the plasaos as aguinat tho virtues of the' massos. io .shook hia long onrs till thoy rattled again, ho kicked liis heols into tho air.higlior than any donkey .had, ovor .elevated' , them beforo, ho cut' tho' most' l.'fantaatid enpors, '' all to ' n6 ' use, nh'd tlib toad did not so much n« wink mi eyolid; Oresttnllori the donkoy retired, and tho cook strutted up with a sclf-eatisliod aims though he and ho itlono knew the secret of -bow ta make tho toad laugh. But alas for tho vnnity of. feathered aspirations, his orowingand flappfng of wings had no more effect than hie predecessor's braying, and ho too retired discomfited. One after the other all' the animals,. birds, and fishes tried their' best to raise a laugh,- but with no better success. At lnsb when everybody, was beginning tc despair camo tho ool wriggling alongon-tho ground, and, ftrangoto rel'nto, the .toad : blinked nn . oyelid and-, watched its contor bions. Seeing this tho eel raised himsoK into an arch and walked along on his head and his tail; Thoao watching' the gigantic toad .? saw the muscles of,,. his mouth' begin to quivor.; Now the ool'1' twisbod himsolf into a single knot and walked solely on his head 1 Lo ? and bohold # 4 tho toad smiled, and out of each sido of liia mouth water began to tr.oklo down. ? Seeing this the eol redoubled hia efforts, ho twisted himself into a double knot and' walked ?!- jauntily along on his head and tail; This t extraordinary porformauco was too much for the fcond. he onnnod his mniit-.h nnrl liuifrliprl loud and long. :Out gushed the wator in a ? mighty torrontdown tho mountain- side, and spreading over the country formod rivors,1 lakes, and pools; and down, too, came the ; natives, rejoicing that ab last they' would have an abundance of water. Tho following story shows that ghosts . *, , can bo vindictive in Victoria, and resonb i . ?? meddling with tho body they once inhnbitod.- \ A man travelling in thocountry of a friendly ? -i' tribo oamo upon a deserted habitation..;-^:' ?Above the doorway he saw the usual crooked . ; stick, pointing in the direotion the family i . had taken, and all round about tho place pieces of bark covored-. with white clay, , j ? indicating a death. Ho found tracks lead ing to a tree in which he soon discovered a dead body.1 Anxious to know who had i died he laid down* his rug and weapons at J tho iouo of th« t-.roo and nscondod it. On ' removing the opossum rug from tho fnoo i he found that ib was a friend. ? ? Ho : wept for a long time, then went away'. j He had nob ? gone far when ho ? hoard j somo magpies making a great noise, aa ! though they saw something strange, lid j turned' found to see what ib was nnd to his '? terror saw the gKoat of tho docoased come i down .and follow him. Ho M'asao terrified i he could nob movo, but manured to nddrosa ' it in those ' terms : ' Why 'do' you frighten i mo whon I havo eomo to nee vou and novnr did you any harm?' It novor spoke, but followed him for a considerable distance, scratching his back with its nails, and then roturned to tho broo. ? When he: renehed liia friends ho told them what had happened, showed thorn his back lacerated and bleed' ing; nnd said he had a prcscntyhent that Homething bad would befall him be'foro long, i At the next meeting of tho tribo'she wai j speared through the heart. — Bclgravia. ! ' i '.i ....I.. 1. 1. ? ' i 