Christmas lumbers. . An advance copy of the Christmas number flf the Illustrated .London JVrrrj baa reached tu fxom Messrs. Gordon and Got eh. There is a distinct improvement visible. It is fdH of illustratians both in blade hud white end coloured tints. The chief 31 ti tration in the number iS a spirited double page picture by Fred Barnard, enti led "An Ambuscade," The principal story, by Bud void Kipling, tells of a flood incident in the budding of a bridge across the Ganges, with opium sensation ingeniously embodied therein.. The best of the other. -stories is "Flcet-footcdHesteTj^byGcorgcGissiDg. W. £L Korris has a good dialogue in sir chapters, end hfiss CorcHi contributes a scene from.Bcmsn artistic life. 'An advance copy of "Phtber Christinas" for 1893 comes from the same Arm. It - abounds with illustrations grave and gay, and will be very welcome to both young and old.. Blachand White Christmas number is again notable for the fact that its illustrations arc not confined to black and. white. Several are in colours, and the printing is perfect of its kind. The doable page picture in the number is a clever drawing , tyfLtKMnintaP,and discloses the trouble iutbo ! kitchen over a broken Christmas pudding, j The despair and disappointment in the face of j the mistress and the distress on tho cook's j countenance are admirably depicted.- The best 1 of the literary contents arc E. Nesbrfc's psendo ; ghost story, "The White Lady"; Barry: Pain's gruesome tale, 44 The Undying Thing"; and Eden PhlDpott's "Loup Garou." The illustrations to each of these are singularly powerful. The scries of illustrations "The Boad to Bnin" are also good. The Graphic Christmas number is specially notable for its coloured pictures. Some of these are remarkable examples of the progress which has been made in colour, printing. One of the best is 44The Biral Hcpkistophelefl,'' by Phil May. The coloured illustrations to; Bret Haste's capital stcrry, "An Episode of West Woodlands,'* and to* B. Lester Arnold's story, "The Vengeance of Dtmgarvan," are also worthy of .examination^ Ber. Baring* Gould also contribute* a story. There are several pages of humorous stories in pictures, and a doable rage of coloured flluafautiong of " The Loring Ballad of Lord Bateman." 