Bits from the Papers. (English Files to March 3.) The Prince of "Wales and his family were present on March 2 in tho Albert Ghapel, Windsor Castle, to witnoss tho transference of the colfiu of the Duke of Olaronco to the tomb which Mr. Gilbert, R.A., has designed for its reception. The Queen has fixed Thursday, May 11, for the inauguration of tho Imperial Institute. The ceremonial is to be one of full state. With the exception of specially invited guosts, only follows of tho institute will he eligible to obtain seats, to the oxtent of tho accommoda tion available within the tho building. It is reported that Mr. Irving'a eldest son is occupied in writing a life of Judge Jeffreys, to be entitled "Tho Wicked Judge." Accord- iug to tho Bookman), ho has desorted the Btage after a brief career in Mr. Hare's company, and returned to his original intention of study ing the law, whioh islikoly to loave him greater leisure for his literary pursuits. Sir George Colthurst, on whoso estate in County Cork stands Custle Blarney and the Blarney Stone, donies that he has consented to lend tho stone to tho Chicago Exhibition for £2,000. He was asked, he says, but would on no consideration allow the stono to ho removed. The exhibitors intended to charge 2s. a kiss at tho exhibition. Tho Timet Ottawa correspondent says : Tho inspeoting phyaioian to tho loprosy hospital at Trueadio, Now Brunswick, does not speak hopefully of the prospects of stamping out tho disease m that province. Last year, ho says, hefouud leprosy oropping up in nnoxpected places, and ho foars that for some years to como now cases will he met with. The con clusion whioh ho arrives at is that the disease can ho checked only by tho permanent detention and isolution of the sufferers. There are 22 cases in the hospital. The Standard's Ottawa correspondent says : Mr. Cox, tho secretary of the Sealers' Association, has sailed for Japan, tho Government of Japan having intimated their intention to seize scalers caught in their' waters. A large number of British Columbian Boalers have started for the JapuneBO sealing grounds, und Mr. Cox goes to find out how for tho Government intend to carry out their announced intention, aud to urge that tlioy should first be warned off tho coast. If ho finds tho Government determined to carry out a crusade against tho Bculers, Mr. Cox will send out a steamer from Japan to intercept and worn them to keop away. Prince Binsemsky, the Russian traveller, who has arrived in ManipurfroraBurmah, has (suys the Sail y News) boon travelling for the last 18 months throngh China, Tonquin, and Siarn. He was twice attacked, and his companion so severely wonnded that ho had to return to Russia ; hut the prince himself escaped unhurt. Tho prince, who is only accompanied by ono Cossaok orderly and an interpreter, suffered muoh from tho cold on tho Tamrnu road, whioh brought on a rathor severe attaok of fever. The station rejoices in quite a number of French scholars, and was also able to produce im officer to talk Russian to the prince, who talks no English. Muoh has lately been said and written about a room in tho lionso of Mr. O. W. King, the woll known philatelist, of IpHwioh, England, whioh is entiroly papered with postage stamps, valued at abont £700. But in tho house in Dover street whioh is now in the occupation of Mr. Edgar Bruce is an apartment with an oven more extraordinary wall decoration, which was nut up by tho former owner of tho house. It consists of a largo number of duly stamped share certificates, having a face valuo for a very heavy sum of monoy. The company winch issnod the shares speedily went into liquidation ; hut what might ' have been so much waste paper was ingoniously turned to othor uses. A freak of nature even mora remarkable than that of the Siumeso twins is reported from Nanking whore a Kiansi man has two sonB, aged about eight, who are joined together by an "arm-like piece of flesh," about the size of a man's arm, in such wise that they stand, not side by side, hut faco to faco. A writer, who haB examined them, states that when thoy walked they had to move sideways, or Blionlaere first, "like tho peregrinations of a orah." Nor did there seem to be any difficulty for one to sit while the other stood. Another curious inoidont was that the twins nover fell asleep at the same timo, for while ono wob osteon tho other was sure to he awake. Tho twins have had audiences of nil the authorities at Nanking, orowds collecting around them whenever thoy went about the streets with thoir lather. Pneumatio tires are being used on the wheels of an omnibas belonging to tho Glasgow Tfamway Company. The tires, whioh ure about 34 inol«i iu diameter, cub withstand a pressure of 187 lbs. to tho square inch, and aro protected against any risk of being punetured by sharp stonos or otherwise by several plies of canvas, with a covering of wire- woven netting. The omnibus eurries 12 passengers inside and 14 outside, and is said to be a very comfortable vehiclo to ride in, tho inside seats being mounted on springs, whioh further adds to the comfort. An olectrio lamp is fixed in tho roof, and supplied by a box which is fixed under one of the seats, and contains a sufficient storage of electricity for 24 honrs. This tho most up- to-date omnibus we have heard of as yet. — "Invention." A story of supernatural appearances to the Danish royal family at a certain castle is told by a correspondent at Stockholm. Tho original fabrio was, it appoars, demolished to got rid of tho ghosts, but to no good purpose. It is stated that a month ago tho Prince and Princess Boyal of Dornnark went to reside at the castle, and the veir first night n ohamherlain was tossed out of his bed by tho spirits. That evening a phantom appeared to tho princess, as she was writing in her boudoir, whore all the candles were lit. Prince Christian, the prince's eldest son, going to find something he wanted in a dark room, came book pale and trembling, -declaring that the room was foil of men who barred his passage. The evening before they left the royal family were playing at whist with tho hereditary Prince of Sweden, when he suddenly tnrned very pale and said that some unknown person hod been beside him who hod suddenly disappeared. 