Married at Midnight, CHAPTER I.' RESCUED. 'IT promises to be a wild night, Miss Lilian.' ' Indeed it does, Janet. I shall be glad when papa returns. He is always depressed at this season, especially in bad weather.' ' Ah!' sighed the old servant, who, with her young mistress's aid, was setting the tea on the dining-room table; ' Christmas-time. Dear, dear! how things lhave altered!' 'Hush! Janet. Please don't you get lachrymose. See the toast is nice; and let us try to make things as cheerful for poor papa as we can.' 'Trust me, miss. May it bi a merrier Christmas to all of us than we think.' Lilian, in her heart, said 'Amen,' though without hope, as the old woman, retiring, closed the door behind her. Then, with a final glance at the table, to see everything was properly arranged to look its best, she drew a chair to the glowing fire, sat down, and, leaning a little forward, rushed into dreamland. The fire was almost the soloe light in the room, the lamp being turned low for economy, and its rich glow on the solid, old-fashioned furniture, the bright pleasant tea-table, and dark red curtains, partially drawn, gave the whole a cosy, home-like appearance. There was, however, nothing either cosy or cheerful in the beautiful face of the girl. On the contrary, each delicate, well-cut feature was impressed with sadness, almost equally expressed in the pose of the tall, slender, figure, clad in a plain navy-blune serge, re lieved only by linen collar and cuffs. One hand supported her small, dimpled chin, the other hung listlessly by her side, as one whose spirit faints. Hard times had come upon the little house hold. From no omission or commission on its part, but owing to the great ocean of change and progress. Not" so very long ago, Dr. Stockton had been held even higher than the clergyman, in Welbury; but the place had grown a little; a tourist had tumbled across it, it had got to be rather known, and one day another doctor had settled there-a young doctor, good looking, unmarried, certainly clever, and with no end of new ideas. The inhabitants of Welbury were but human. By degrees they went over to the younger practitioner; and so hard times had stretched a dark, thin hand over the old doctor, his only child and darling, Lilian, and Janet-who, faithful poul, clung to them through all their failing fortunes. Lilian was thinking of all this, as one does think at that period of Christmas; the fliekering fire-light creating golden tints in her chestnut hair,jrippling from her broad, low forehead, and twisted in coils about her shapely head, when she heard the surgery door open, and her father's step crossing the intervening hall. Rising quickly, turning up the lamp, the sadness all driven back to her heart and re placed by a bright smile, she began busying herself with the tea-cups, as the doctor entered. In years he had not reached sixty, but his hair wais grey, and he walked with that heaviness and lassitude which bespeaks mental ill-health. His attire was the profes sional broadcloth, but even by that light, the edges and seams showed it had done long service. ' I havo been waiting for you, papa,' ex claimed Lillian, cheerfully. 'It is such a night, and promises to be worse. Here are your slippers toasting themselves in the fen der. I do hope you will not have to go out again.' ' Not much chance of that, pet. I wish there were,' responded Dr. Stockton with a mournful shake of the head, as wearily he sank into the easy-chair his daughter had drawn to the fire. ' Another desertion, Lil ; the Stepheniks have the whooping-cough, and they have called in my rival.' It is a sad thing to see tears in an old man's eyes. Lilian, kneeling on the rug, felt her own suffused, and pretended to turn the slip pers, the work of her own hands, to the fire, to excuse her not looking round as she said, cheerfully : ' Never mind, papa, they'll all come back. It's like people to run after anything or any one new; but they are sure to return to those they know and have relied upon for years.' 'No, Lil, no; my rival's clever, and he has youth. I daresay they think I'm grow ing old, have old-fashioned ideas, and so ex cuse their desertion. Oh! Lil; and I'm not sixty ?' S' Don't think of it papa, dear. It's cruel and unkind, but--' ' Not think of it,' he broke in. ' How can I help it, darling, especially at this season ? Why, once, at Christmas-time, not a party was considered perfect without Dr. Stock ton'spresoence. Our larder was not large enough to hold the presents sent to him,' pro ceeded the doctor, with nervous excitement. ' Now there are no invitations ; no presents. The old doctor who sat up night after night to pluck mauny a one back from the jaws of death, is forgotten. Ruin stares hinm in the face !-but what do any of them care ? Ruin, pet, ruin ! That knowledge must be my Christmas fare. God help us both !' His voice broke, and as Lilian turned to him, yet on her knees, he throw his arms round her neck, bowed his grey head on her shoulder, and wept hysterically. ' Papa, papa,' she cried in agoeised dis trese, clasping him to her, pressing her cheek on his head; ' don't give way; don't dear ! 9It is all very true and very terrible-they Sare cruel and ungrateful-but don't give way ! Trust yet in Heaven. Oh! my dear, my dear, if I could do something to make things better!' Lilian spoke earnestly, a prayer in her voice, ,or she felt assured the old doctor's heart wasslowly breaking. Butwhat could she do ?-what could abshe ? ' If they desert us, papa,' she wont on, ' we have still each other to love and care for. We will go away. We will settle somewhere else. !Only think, dear, it is Christmas- time. Lot us put sad thoughts aside .for the new year. The now year, pupa. Who can tell what good fortune it may bring?' ' Or bad, epot? That lately has beeoon most in our way,' said the old doctor, lifting him self up, forcing a wan smile to his lips, as fondly he patted her cheek. 'But you are right. Despair weakens one for the fight. We'll-we'll try, Lil--you, I, and good Janet, to be as cheeorful as we can, and wait for the now year. There, if your tea stands much longer, all the tannin will be in it, and, as a medical man, I shall have to condeomn your brew.' The next best thing to being cheerful is to force oneself to appear so, especially if it's for another's sake. Both the doctor and Liiian The ÷ .... off pleasantly, thouigh each was conscious the other wore a mask. When Janet had cleared away, having brought in the intelligence 'That wind was just blowin' hard, and the sea was a eight to look at, Mrs. Jay, who had just brought the washing,' said,' the doctor asked Lilian to play to him. Sho selected stome dreamy German airs, which wore favourites; but ere she had ended the first, glancing over her shoulder, she per coivod that her companion, weried mentally more than physically, had dropped off into a sound sleep. Softly leaving the piano, leaning on tho mantelpiece, she looked down upon the slum borer. Only a few years ago how bright, handsome, genial a countenance it had been Now how haggard. sad-and worn it was. 'I H will die-ho will die!' thought Lilian, in agony. ' It is their unkindness that will kill him. Oh, if there were anything I could do.' Unauble to sit inactive under her distress, the walls of the rooms producing the sensa tion of suffocation, she slipped away, put on her hat and ulster, anid hurried from the house. ' I must walk-walk,' she thought, ' or I shall break down; and for his dear sake I must not do that.' The gusts of wind were terrific, but th6 having to battle against them did Lilian good. The sky above was a pall of black ness, the streets of the little town were almost deserted, bright lights gleaming on windows, indicating that all who could were gathered round the social he'arth. But abruptly, as she. turned into another road, there came the quick fall of many feeoot, the owners of which soon hurried by her. One of them she knew, and addressed: ' What is the matter, Dick ?' ' Lor', it is you, Miss Lilian !' exclaimed the young fisher, halting, and touching his cap. ' Well, you are brave to. come out on such a night. There's a yacht, they say, on the reefs, miss.' ' A yacht-a wreck, Dick? I should like to go to the beach.' ' Do, miss. The wind's a bit rough, but if you wouldn't mind taking my arm round the bend, I think you'd manage it.' ' I'll try, Dick.' The young fisher was one of those whom the doctor had plucked from the jaws of death; but being a rough, uneducated bit of humanity, he was leal to his preserver, and would have seen all other doctors at the Anti podes, rather than desert Dr. Stockton. When the two reached the shore they found the sea-which came rushing with its foamy crests out of the darkness, to dash like thunder on the beach and the reefs- had done its work. Before boats could be sent to the yacht's rescue, before a rocket was sent up, "Tuhe cruel rocks had gored her sides, Like the horns of an angry bull." When the rocket did shoot into the black night, shedding its intense blue-white light over the foamy, lashing waters, yacht and crow had alike disappeared. ' The wind's dead inland,' said the young fisher; 'the wreck. and the bodies will be washed ashore. Lor', how it do blow. Come a little this way, miss. The rocks will shelter you a bit.' Lilian, sick at heart, feeling in this ter rible scene a lesson to bear her own sorrow more bravely, in silence let the fisher lead her from the group to where the cliffs, towering higher, offered some protection. Suddenly, however, her eyes being strained seaward, she gripped her companion's arm, and point ing to the tumbling waters, ejaculated: 'Dick, look! What is that?' It was a dark object which the huge waves were tossingand rolling as in play; bearing toward the shore, then, with a tearing grat ing over the pebbles, dragging it back. 'It's a bit of wreck, miss,' said the fisher; when, with a low, sharp cry, Lilian ex claimed excitedly : ' Dick. it is a man ! Oh,' Heavens ! save him !-save him-l' m' ' . : ' Even as she spoke, the form was swept towards where they stood. One swift rush, and the fisher had clutched it. letting the waters growl and grate .back alone. Lilian, lending her aid, they drew it beyond the sea's reach. ' Is-is he dead?' she asked, treomulously, and in horror. ' Not dead, miss; but I fancy badly hurt,' was the response, as the fisher bent over the prostrate form, whose white face, with almost a spectral light, gleamed through the darkness. 'He'd best have aid, and that soon. He isn't one of the crow. I fancy, miss, lie may be the owner.' Lilian, taking courage, stooped nearer. The man was apparently abomit five-and forty, perhaps more. He was handsome, the dank hair clung about his face. His figure was strongly built, as was easily to be seen, for coat and waistcoat there were none. The owner ! The words sent an idea like a flash through Lilian's brain. ' Oh, Dick,' she exclaimed, ' if we could only get him to'my father's. If those yonder guess he is the owner, they'll be sure to fetch Dr. Ringwood.' \- That they shan't miss,' cried the fisher, ,vho at once understood and seized her meaning. -' I saw Phil Backster here with his trolly. He'll help me. The gentleman shall go nowhere than to Dr. Stockton's.' Now the wreck, and the drowning, and the drowned were being washed ashore, causing the group of men and women to be too occupied to observe the smaller one under the shadow of the cliffs, where, speedily, Phil was brought., ''Taint much use takin' 'im,' remarked the latter, as they bore the man to the trolly. 'If he ain't dead now, I suspect there/won't be any life in him by the time we get to the doctor's.' 'Don't say that,' said Lilian. ' Let us pray that he may live. There ; I'll hurry on and make things ready.' 'A warm bed, a good fire, miss, and a glass of hot grog. If anythin' 'llbring the gentleman too, that will.' Lilian, the fierce wind now aiding instead of retarding her, flew from the beach into the little town, wondering, with a growing fear, whether she had done wisely. Whether it was good or bad luck she was taking to her father's roof? In fact, whether it was a living man or a dead one? CHAPTER II. THE DOOeOR'S PATIENT. ' Hush! - Let everything in the house be kept as quiet as possible, pot.' The speaker was Dr. Stockton. He had just issued from the room to which his patient had been carried, and as he softly closed the door behind him, had perceived his daughter standing, leaning against the balusters, anxiously waiting. 'Papa, only tell me this,' she whispered eagerly. 'Will he live?' Is ho very much hurt?' 'Hurt unto death, I fear, Lil,' replied the doctor, shaking his head mournfully as they descended the stairs. ' Live, child ? No. For a few days or hours he may make ia fight for it, but death will have the victory.' 'Poor, poor fellow,' ejaculated Lilians her lips quivering, tears suffusing her eyes as they entered the sitting-room. ' We'll do all we can, pot, all we can; but to save him is impossible; the waves have so cruelly bruised and broken him.' Before the morning dawned, the storm's victim had recovered consciousness, but all power to move the lower limbs was lost. In one of those wild tosses among the reefs his back must have been seriously injured, and now he lay helpless but sentient, waiting for death. Their surmise that he was the owner of the yacht was correct. He was one who had been born to wealth, and with whom yachting was a passion. 'But it's over now,' he said, faintly, yet with a sound as if his teeth fiercely gripped his words, when the old doctor stood by him. ' I read it in your face, as I do in my own feelings. MIy spine is beyond repair. Tell me the truth, if you please. I can bear it, and I must know. How many hours have I to live ?' ' To say exactly is beyond even a doctor's power,' replied Dr. Stockton, gravely, sympathetically. ' Perhaps forty - eight hours.' The patient uttered aquickly-stifled groan. Then he laid his arm across his face, and said : ' Leave me to myself p I want to think.' Placing Janet in charge, the doctor descended to his surgery, as he had some patients, and, though it was Christmas Eve. curiosity increased their number, for all were anxious to learn how fared the patient, Hugo Tarrant, the owner of the yacht. Lilian was in the kitchen making beef-tea and danties, which might, probably, tempt the sick man, her eyes filling with tears :as she thought how soon his sun was to set, never again to rise. She was yet so engaged when Janet came bustling in. ' Well, now, miss, she ejaculated, 'but that poor gentleman's the most curious gentleman I ever met.' '1How do you mean, Janet?' I hope lhe has been sleeping.' ' Sleeping ! Dear, dear, not a wink. Nearly all the time he's been askingquestions about the • doctor and ,you, miss. Whether the master was married? How many children he had; your age; also whether you were engaged, and vfhether you were rich ?' ' I trust, Janet,' exclaimed Lilian, colour ing to her brows, ' that you didn't tell him the truth ?' ' Indeed, miss, but I did, and didn't spare Dr. Ringwood, you may be sure,' replied the old servant, decidedly. ' Don't, them as is saved say the poor gentleman's got heaps of money? Well, mayn't he, in gratitude for his nursing, make the doctor a handsome present ?' ' But, Janet, to tell a strauger--' 'Lor', miss, where's the harm? - If he lives through Christmas Day it is as much as he will.' 'Poor fellow. But, Janet, you ought not to have left him.' S'He wished to see the doctor, ahd the doctor's gone up at once. Now, miss, let me got on with them things until I'm wanted again.' When Dr. Stockton entered the room, he found his patient more feverish, and rather excited. 'This will not do; this will not do,' ho remarked, reprovingly. 'Why, here's the draught untouched.' 'And will be, doctor,' was the response. 'It is a sleeping draught, so I refuse it. I have too much to do to sleep. There, what can an hour or two matter to one doomed to go?' he added, feebly, raising his hand as Dr. Stockton prepared to protest. ' We are not women or children. When one is so near the brink as I, should he not arrange his worldly affairs?' ' Surely,' answered the doctor. ' Then I'll show you the state of mine, for I wan't your help. I am wealthy and master of my wealth. I have made no will. No,' as the doctor moved, ' I intend to make none. I have no one to leave my wealth to. When I die it will go to the Crown.' ' Good heavens!' ejaculated Dr. Stockton, ' you are friendless indeed!' 'Exactly. Now, why should it go to the Crown, that doesn't want it?' proceeded the dying man, eagerly. ' Why should it not go to some deserving family, to whom it would be a godsend? Dr. Stockton, you have taken me, a stranger, into your house. You would cure me if you could, but you can't. Let me mnake a return. I ask it as a favour -mind '-and he laid his cold hand on the other's-' as a favour. Youhavo a daughter, young and beautiful. Let her, before I die, become my wife, and so inheritmy wealth.' 'Good heavens !' ejaculated the 'doctor, starting back. Had his patient's brain been also injured ? 'No,' said the dying man, reading his thoughts; ' I am not m;ed, indeed. I simply offer you that which is worthlless to nme. I would sooner your daughter, wivhose history I have heard, possess it than the Crown. There is nothing strange in that, is there ?' 'But-but, my dear sir,' remarked the doctor, putting his fingers through his gray hair, in a dazed fashion, 'I-I am bewil dered; I-I- ' 'You are surprised,' put in the other hastily; ' but, surely, for your daughter's sake you would not refuse? Think; wealth, peace of mind for life. Go'; reflect awhile. See your daughter-let me see her. Only remember this, you know even better than I how brief a space I have to live.' ' I am startled; I must reflect,' murmured Dr. Stockton. 'You-mean kindly; don't think me ungrateful, but I am bewildered.' And, as one dazed, he quitted the room to seek the privacy of his surgery. The dying man's gaze followed him: his lips had.com pressed, a different light shone in his eyes, us almost venomously he thought: 'He must accept; he shall, or, by Heaven, I'll send to the highways and byways to find a wife, rather than he shall be my successor !' Seated alone, Dr. Stockton tried to bring his ideas into some kind of order. Why should he refuse this strange offer? All his recent cares and struggles seemed already slipping away; his anxiety about his Lilian's future, so heavy a weight, was even in anticipation growing lighter. What would the world say? It could but blame him if he rejected the good fortune extended so miraculously in time of sorea need. Ruin or wealth ?-which ? ' It is not I who must decide; it is Lilian,' he murmured, rising up. 'And, as the poor fellow says, no time is to be lost.' His step a little unsteady, he crossed the hall to the sitting-room, where he know he should find his daughter. She was not alone; their old friend, the vicar, had dropped in to make in quiries. ' 'Why, doctor, what's the matter ?' ex claimed the cheery divine. ' You look more like a patient yourself than the medico. " ' I'm glad you are here, hicar. Something so strange has happened that, oven now, I feel like one who dreams. You will give me your advice. Lilian, pet, sit by me. After the slightest pause, hle told them. The vicar raise his brows and pursed his lips;. Lilian turned red, then pale. Amoment there was silence ; the clergyman broke it. ' fy dear Stockton, you ask my advice. Well, it will not take long to give. The whole thing is peculiar. I admire your patient. Why should this money go to the Crown? By Miss Lilian's consent'-ho glanced at' the agitated, shrinking girl ' she defraud's no expectant heir, and on sures you, her father (a kind one), peace, rest, and comfort, for your declining deys.' Lilian looked up, a bright light in her eyes, a flushlnow of pleasure on her beautiful face. 'While,' proce eded the vicar, ' this union will free you, old friend; from all anxiety re garding her future, when you are summoned homne.' 'That's it, that's it!' cried the doctor, eagerly. ' Ah ! you do not knoir, vicar, the anxiety that that is to me.' Lilian slipped her hand in his, and mur mured: 'Papa, why should I not accept this generous, this noble offer? It will bring happiness to bothl, dear, and injure no one.' 'That's right, Miss Lilian, that's right!' exclaimed the vicar. ' Now, suppose I have a talk with your patient, my friend, while you think over it ?' " ' There is no need to think,' smiled Lilian. ' Ah ! you do not know how poor we are. We consent. Will you tell him this? . And how grateful, how very grateful we are for his goodness, his generous thought of our need ?" 'I will, I will," said the vicar, holding her hand. 'Poor fellow, when he looks upon her who will be his wife but for an hour, I fear he will' find death very, very hard indeed. There, there, don't trouble. I know the way.' The doctor and Lilian, hand clasped in hand; talked, and.reasoned upon the strange event that had come to thelm in so grim a form, until the vicar returned. All had been arranged. H?e know where the bishop was, he would telegraph the. urgency of the caseo to him, and got permis sion for the hurried union. Directly his reply arrived he, himself, would come anrd perform the ceremony. 'You are sure his death is certain?' he queried, a's the doctor saw him to the gate. 'IIe cannot live forty-eight hours, if so much.' 'Dear, doer, poor follow. Well, it's an ill wind, you know-and this was a hurri cane. It is a Christmas present*to you both, indeed !' Tlhen the square-shouldered vicar went striding away to the telegraph-office, and the doctor, leaning on the gate, looked after him. A golden Christmas present it promised to be truly. Just then a lady hurried by on the oppo site side of 'the street, with face averted. It was one of the seceding patients. The smile that flitted over the old doctor's lips was one now of amusement, not bitterness. That night a solamn and impressive cere mony took place in the bedroom of the doc tor's patient. The fierce storm wind had brought the snow, which lay white and deep on roof, on every ledge and cranny, as in the streets of Welbury. Lights gleamed through most of the windows, from which frequently issued music, song, or merry laughter, show ing happy parties in pleasant fellowship see ing Christmas in. .But in Hugo Tarrant's chamber reigned the grim presence of death. Those about the bed spoke in low tones, and trod softly. The vicar, standing with open book, might have been thought reading the burial instead of the marriagoe;service. A lamp placed on a table at the foot of thle bed shone ?s the dying man, slightly sup ported by pillows. By him stood Lilian. deathly pale herself, conscious of a hysterical horror that sane feared would break beyond control. A little behind was the doctor, ready with stimulants, if required. In a corner crouched the old servant, Janet, on her knees, hands clasped as in prayer. Erect stood the vicar, his low, clear, sonorous tones ringing through the silent room. Hand in hand the bride and bridegroom listened to thoe solemn words, the chill of his fingers making sick and cold her heart. None observed the strained, eager expression in the dying man's eyes, the quiver of impatience on his pale lips, as if in fear life might yet fuil him too soon. But no, the ring was on Lilian's finger-her mother's ring-against the earnest protest of old Janet, who, declaring ill would come of it, urged a curtain ring instead, being equally legal. The vicar's voice went on, the only sound, save when the song of some Christmas reveller passing in the street blended with it. Then came the words: 'I pronounce that they be man and wife together, in the name of the,Father,' and of the Son, and of the Holy'Glost.. Amen.' Just at the moment, midnight struck, and the bells broke forth in merry peals, welcom ing Christmas bay. The. dying man, by a sudden accumulation of nerve force, raised himself, and looking in the air-not at any one present-cried: ' Amen ! Safe! Safe!' The monosyllable died on his lips. He drooped back-dead. As the doctor sprang forward, the vicar caught the young bride, who, half fainting, clung to him, sobbing hysterically. Old Janet, yet on her knees iii the far corner, beat together her withered hands as she moaned: ' Wedded with a dead woman's ring, and now no blessing said.: Oh! I fear for her, I'fdar.' OlAPTIER III. nTIE nioUSEKEEPEn. ' But I'can't believe it; it seems so like a dream.' It was Lilian .,ho spoke, her hand pressed to her forehead: . All that had occurred was truly like a dream; the wreck-the dying stranger-the wedding at midnight-then, the dead hus band. Yes, she was a wife; wife to one of whom she knew nbthing, but who had on dowed her with wealth; and what wealth six thousand a year, and, so the master of the yacht, who had been saved, stated, a fine old estate in Cumberland-Heatherfoll. It was that Lilian found difficult to be lieve. All these riches were hers; the poverly that had overshadowed them had passed like a threatening stormoloud, leaving the golden glitter of wealth. They could never be poor again-never. Was it not like a fairy story-a dream ? ' But no dream, no dream,' exclaimed the old doctor, rubbing his hands, and, for a space, his cheery self. ' I would have saved the poor fellow's life. God knows, but it was not to be; as the vicar says, the hand of Providence was in it. The darkest hour is over before the dawn, and,' gravely, "our hour was dark indeed. But what a dawn ! and no one is injured by our good fortune.' ' Ah, that is it, papa!' remarked Lilian. 'I could not bear it were it otherwise.' It was a strange thing putting on sables for a husband who had scarcely been cue for a minute. Equally strange that journey into Cumberland, whither Hugo Tarrant was borne, to be laid at rest in the vault wherein lay his forefathers. Lilian, as, nervous and agitated, she gazed out upon the white world of snow, as the train sped on, seemed to expect someone to start up and say it should not be-someone to dispute her right. It would have been more natural. But nothing at all like it happened. There at the station was the carriage, with the Tarrant crest, waiting her. No one interposed when the lodge gates were swung back by the obsequious lodge- keeper. Then up the avenue to the great hall door, into the hall great beyond, where the servants, in sables too, were assembled to greet the young mistress, whom the letter preceding her arri val had told them to expect. Very pale, leaning on the doctor's arm Lilian kindly acknowledged their greeting, which,- with the indifference of their class, was more curious than anything else, until there steoped in advance, making a stately curtsey, an old woman in a stiff black silk, white muslin apron, cuffs, and a cap under which her silvery grey hair was clus tered in short curls. Her bearing was full of respect, but there was no welcome in the fresh, comely countenance. The lips were pursed, and the fading eyes expressionless, as they restedupon the young mistress. Nevertheless it was a sweet old face, pos sessing that charm so rarely seen in the aged, and to be so prized when it is. Lilian was instantly attracted by it.; it was a dear lov able countenance, and as though she had behold a friend instinctively she made one step forward, but then the cold expressionless eyes met hers and she paused, a shiver, a chill running through her frame. 'You are,' she began, ' I suppose-' 'I am Mrs. Hunsdon, the housekeeper, ma'am,' with the response, with another stately old-fashioned courtesy. ' Woman and girl, ma'am, I have lived sixty years beneath the roof of the Tarrants-' 'Honoured and respected, I am sure,' put in Lilian smiling. 'I trust you will continue to live here; honoured and respected you must be.' ' It is kind, ma'am,. of you to say so. I am old, and I will endeavour to do my duty. May I show yo, ma'am, the rooms.' With a stiff inclination, she turned, rust ling in her plain silk before them, and why, she did not know, the chill stole more about Lilian's heart. It was a fine house, with handsome suites of rooms, that somewhat awed their now owner, translated so abruptly from the little town of Welbury. But it is certain we get used to riches quicker than to poverty. Lilian soon moved about the place as to the manner born, while the doctor brightened visibly under the now order of things. ' Wealth has its duties,' roflected Lilian, gravely, as she contemplated the handsome grounds from the morning-room window, ' and, indeed, I'll try to fulfil them. There must be poor to visit, even as the rich. I will endeavour to make myself beloved.' But every day that passed brought lier, she felt, no iearer the love of the old house keeper. No one could be more civil, more respectful; not a weak point was there in this armour of which Lilian could tako hold. Yet she knew it was surface, that the heart beneath was chill and closed to her. Why ? There was the puzzle. Even as she inclined towards the lousakeoper, the housekeeper, she was innately conscious,. recoiled from her. Very soon another mystery perplexed Lilian and the doctor. No one called upon them. They attended church. The rector and his wife had made a formal call-it might bhe said a professional visit-but there it stopped. 'Perhaps, ma'am,' remarked the old house. heeper, still in her respectful voice, and al most deferential manner, but with a certain tightness of the lips, 'they do not like to see a stranger in the place of the old Tarrants. The family have had the estate so long, you see, ma'am, and they are so respected.' 'I can quite understand that,' remarked Lilian ; ' but since the family is extinct, surely I may as well possess it as for it to go to the Crown.' The old housekeeper's hands ceased smooth ing her apron, her eyes were lifted with a quick, sharp expression to Lilian's face. ' And pray, ma'am,' she ejaculated, almost sharply, 'who said the family was ex tinct?' 'One who certainly must have known. Hugo Tarrant. He was kinless, with no heir in the world; hence he generously on dowed me with the riches that otherwise must have gone to ,the Crown. We were in undeserved poverty at the time. Surely you do not blame me for-' But the 'housekeeper was evidently no longer listening. She was pale with anger, every nerve quivered, her hands trembled as she clenched them. ' He-he-Hugo Tarrant, told you this?' she cried. ' Told you this falsehood, this lie, that he had no rightful heir? Oh, Heaven forgive him! I cant. Bitterly revenge ful in life, bitterly revengeful even at the point of death. Shame on him' shame on him !' and she shook her withered pale hands in the air as she looked upwards. Lilian regarded her in speechless wonder, then she rose from the lounge in which she had been sitting by the fire, and said: ' What do you mean ? Explain, I ontreat. If I have the power, I command you. There is some mystery in all this that I would know.' 'Mr. Tarrant married you, ma'am, as I expect The would havo wed the commonesI tramp by the wayside, broke in the house keeper, excitedly, 'if no other woman had been near, simply to keep this wealth and these lands from his cousin. Yes, ma'am, to defraud his own cousin of his just rights;' ' Impossible ! Remember, he was dying ! He knew it! Hr vowed he had no heir- ' 'Vowed!' again interrupted the house keeper, scornfully, 'He would have vowed even as his eyes were closing, if he could have injured poor Mr. Martin, and he hlas. God forbid him! but, I repeat, I can't nor will nobody in this neighbourhood, ma'am, and that's truth,' ended the old woman, a sob breaking her voice. Lilian sat down, a set whiteness on her lips. Almost authoritatively she motioned the housekeeper to a chair at the opposite side of the fire, and said : 'Sit there, and tell me all about it. I have a right to know. We were, then, deceived ' Apparently the old housekeeper was no thing loth to confess the truth; she had been waiting for this hour, and now, with alacrity, obeyed. 'Tell me,' said Lilian, 'my husband's his tory. Recollect, to me he was a stranger. Why did he bear such deep animosity, as you declare, against this cousin ?' ' You shall learn, ma'am-you shall learn. Then you shall judge-my words, and his. , To begin, ma'am, it's an old story,' she continued, after a pause-' love. It's strange, but nothing so readily creates hate. Mr. Hugo, when young, was desperately in love with a young lady, and her parents, who were gentlefolks, but poor, were all eagerness for the match, for it was known that Mr. Hugo wais his uncle's heir, and one day would own this estate, and his uncle's wealth. All might have gone well enough, ma'am, had Miss Alba been of their idea; but she was not. It appears she did not, and she could not love Mr. Hugo; and had such an aversion to the marriage state, without love, that for some while she could not be brought to consent. After a time, bowever, she yielded reluctantly to her parents' arguments and persuasions, and agreed to marry. 'Because of her disinclination, the pro parations for the wedding were hurried. But, within a week of the ceremony, Miss Alba's courage failed, and- she ran away from home, leaving a letter 4celaring that her mind so revolted from wedding one she felt she could never care for, that she had been forced to go. ' They say Mr. Hugo's rage was terrible to witness. It exceeded his passionate love. He demanded that lie might find her and force her to be his ivife. But her parents refused, declaring, after what had happened, they would no longer urge her. They put advertisements in the papers, telling her so; but for long they could got no tidings. Do you know what she had done, ma'am ? She had gone to an old nurse, who was living in Waled, and there she remained, calling her self the nurse's niece, and doing the work of a country girl. SI!ll make my story short. Mr. Martin, Mr. Hugo's cousin, was in America, but he returned home to attend the marriage. When no marriage came off, he wouldn't lose his holiday, so he went travelling about. Well, ma'am, as it happened, he went to Wales, and there met Miss Alba, the nurse's niece, as he supposed. Miss Alba know him, but lie didn't her. She didn't tell him the truth, because she loved him dearly, as he did her. And they were quietly married, after which he took his bride home. 'The scene that followed I need not tell. Mr. Hugo almost killed Mr. Martin, who, ,of course, was innocent of all intent of wrong. Mr. Martin wont back to America with his wife, and in course of time-that is not a year ago-Mr. Hugo came into his uncle's wealth. In the will, however, it is said that did Mr. Hugo die unmarried, then Mr. Martin should be his heir. When Mr. Hugo heard that, a vindictive smile came on his face, and he exclaimed, 'He shall never be that. I would wed my own kitchen wench sooner.' 'And quickly enough he got himself en gaged, pnd would have been married by now only his betrothed was taken so dangerously ill, that the wedding had lto be delayed. To pass the time, he went a cruise ija his yacht. ' The end, ma'am, you know as well as I,' concluded the old houskeepor, rising. ' But I fancy this is the reason why the gentry are not calling.' Lilian had listened with the feeling of a tight cord round her heart. She felt humiliated, seeing what the little world about Heatherfoll must think of her. ' I imagine you are right,' she replied, quietly. ' It is natural, for how can they know how we were deceived? I am glad I have learned the truth, very glad. Thank you. Go now, if you please; I wish to think over it all.' When alone, she sat for long, her hands before her face. Then rising, proceeded to find the old doctor. He wits in his 'doen,' as he termed it, bright, cheery, and humming like as bee over his work. ' Paila, I want to tell you something,' said Lilian. 'All right, pot; but-hey-day, what's the matter ?' • 'Very much, papa-very much wrong which must be put right as far as it lays in my power. Listen, dear.' And Lilian repeated, but more briefly, the story she had heard from the old house. keeper. CHAPTER IV. MAiRTIN TAISRANT'S SON. ' Indeed, I thank you very much. Without your aid, the result might have been very serious to me. I suppose it was wrong to have come out alone. But to remain in doors among this lovely scenery is impos sible.' 'I quite agree with you. And such an accident might never occur again. I am so delighted I chanced to be near.' The speaker was a young man of about three-and-twenty, well but slimly built, tall, with very fair, pure golden hair, and hand socme, pleasant features; lips that smiled beneath the pointed moustache, and gray eyes that sparkled with good temper. His attire was a light brown tweed tourist suit, and deer-stalking cap. H, stood on a steep, narrow path leading up among the Swiss mountains, clothed in vegetation, until their peaks reared up high to Heaven, bare and snow- covered. Two feet above him was Lilian, in gray moun taineer's garb, her hand resting gently on his shoulder, his back being towards her. It was the sweet summer time, when the season puts on its richest glow, as if in a fervid last kiss. She and the old doctor had selected Switzdrland as their tour, and Lilian was wildly enthusiastic over its beauties. Sleep appeared almost a crime, and early that morning she had started alone for a walk amid the pines which clothed the hill side. The track she pursued wais narrow, but apparently firm and secure ; and, though the declivity on her left was bare and steep, she proceeded without fear, anxious to reach a spot where she might view ia superb water fall of nearly a thousand feet. Abruptly, ' however, the path had trembled, and seemed to subside beneath her tread. Uttering a cry, she had scarcely time to clutch tightly one of the pine trunks, when the earth glided from beneath, It was a l:ndslip owing to recent rains) possibly, but, to Lilian's horror, it left an impassable chasm between her and the path back to the little Swiss town where they were staying. What was she to do ? If she quitted her clasp of the tree, her feet had not suflicient foothold to support her, and she would rush, as had the path, down in the valloy and an nihilation. Her heart turned sick as she looked at the desolate splendours of nature about her. The deep, awful stillness, rendered more awful yet by the faint enime of a church bell from the town beneath. She could hear that, but, cry.as she might, the ringers would not hear her, she knew. No; only the eagle perched on the snowy crag might hear, and flap; its sombre wings in answer. ,Never theless, hopeful, perhaps, that it might reach Heaven, she could not control one loud cry of despair. Scarcely had it issued from her lips, than she heard a sound among the pines on the mountain slope above. Then came a voice: ' Don't fear; keeep up your courage. I am coming.' It was a strange voice, but it had hope and strength in its ring. She was not alone someone was near, someone who would help her. After a moment she steadied her nerves sufficiently to look up, when she beheld him, who has been described, de sconding, by the aid of his alpenstock, to wards her. ' You are risking your life,' she cried. 'No; I think not,' gaily, though lie was. 'Even if I were, how, pray, as a man, could I do other ? Wait, don't be frightened ; naintain your self-possession.' His voice, his appearance were enough to enable her to. Soon he had reached her, and had his strong arm upon her waist. Gratefully she looked up, as he, smiling, but with sudden admira tion on beholding her nearer, looked down. ' And their eyes mixed, and from the look spraig love.' A pause, buti though brief, the verdict had been pronounced: ' You must love until you die.' Vaguely, even in that supreme moment of peril, each was conscious of it: ' Now, can you, do you think, leave go of the pine and trust yourself to me T' ' If I hesitate,' said Lilian, ' it is for your sake. Should my weight prove too much, we both must go together.' ' Do not hesitate, then. Trust me.' And, without a tremor, Lilian obeyed, aiding herself much, seeking to save him. They had but to go twenty feet to skirt the chasm and reach again the path. It took them over half an hour, for again and again they slipped, and had to pause to rest and recover nerve. It was accomplished at last however, and both stood on the path safe. When she would have thanked him he gaily checked her, say ing, 'For the first time in his lifo he hadbeen of some good ; surely he did not requiro thanks for that ?' Then, the path being narrow, he had gone first, testing it with his alpenstock, and bid ding her rest on his shoulder. At the hotel Lilian said, earnestly : 'Come in, pray come in and lot my father thank you? Indeed, he will not be happy until hoe has done so.' _' Nay,' he smiled, ' I'll come after breakfast if you will allow me, on however one con dition, that no thanks are spoken. I am con tent with yours.' Then lie had gone, and she had entered the house a happier but a much sadder Lilian, too, than when she had quitted it. A week had passed, and every day Lilian and Charles Lawless met. The old doctor was charmed with him, while to the young follow Lilian had become the one hope of his lifR: And she? Al ! never had love been so full of sadness to anyone. At the week's end Lilian and her father were to start homeward. On the evening proebdiing tliir departure,' as she stood in front of the hotel taking faro well of the mountainsibathed ,in moonlight, Lawless joindd her. • . ''Como sicross the roAd,' lie said, gently. ' It is lovely this night among the trees, Mrs. Tarrant.' Lilian" was about to comply, but, glancing into his eyes, roead his intent in his eyes. A momentary thrill. ran tlhrough her heart. Then cold despair succeeded. With effort she refused, saying her father was wanting her, and giving him her hand with it ' Good night,' she left him. The next morning they wore on route for England; Lilian aware that there existed a man who fondly loved her, and whom she loved but might not marry. Why ? That the wrong might be lighted. On the day she had heard the housekeeper's story, she, with her father's approval, had declared that Martin Tarrant shonld be restored to his own. There was but one way, for Hugo Tarranut, with seeming generosity, had made her promise to wed ia more fitting mate than he, and endow him and their children with his wealth. Then that one way wias, that Martin Tarrant should be found, and, if not wedded or a widower, should take Lilian for wife. By two years he was the younger of him she had wedded for his wealth. But if he proved to be wedded, then would she wed his son - if he had ia son. This haid beeon vowed; and through advor tisoments and a lawyer's aid-the lawyer having a branch firm in America-they had, after much seeking, got a cueo to the Tarrant family, who it wasfancied, was somewhere out.lManitoba way. Lilian's p..rposo had been very firm when she had started for Switzerland. It did not waver now, but her heart was said and heavy. Was it unnatural that she should hope that Martin Tarrant might not be found? that somothing should arise to provent the sacri fice she contemplated? Agaisn, she wished she had never met Charles Lawless; her sac rifico had boon so easy until then. As they drove through thle lodge gates the branching trees east a sudden gloom upon them, Which, in her state of mind, seemed to Lilian as a presentmont of sorrow. The cheerful greeting home of the domestics, headcd by the old housekeepcr, did not re move it, and with a sonso"of unaccountable lassitude she sank on a chair in the drawing room, while the old doctor in his pleasant voice was asking the news. Abruptly, Lilian heard, words that made her quickly lift her head. IHad her oars de coivcd her? No. ' A letter from Now York,' exclaimed Dr. Stockton. 'My darling, did you hear? A letter from Now York.' 'Thanks,' receiving it from the house keeper, who, curtseying, withdrew. Lilian had turned very.cold. ' Read it to yourself, pitpa, then tell me briefly.' Dr. Stackton complied. .Lilian eagerly watched his features. Then he came over, sat down, and took her hand. 'Pet!' he said; 'the lost is found. That is, Martin Tarrant is dead: but lie has left a son, at son who is poor. He has heard of your noble purpose ; he gratefully thanks you. Mr. Sim' Cllpston writes that the young fellow is coming over; that you may see him, and judge whether you will still perform this noble sacrifice.' Lilian was silent ait few seconds. In that time she steadied her nerves, and said: 'Papa, I have judged. I have decided. What I have vowed to do, I will perform. I will be Martin Tarrant's son's wife.' Her accents were firm, but she was as pale as death to the very lips. CHAPITER V. THE WRONGED IGOIITED. 'Pot, I neither like hinm in manner nor in speech,' remarked Dr. Stockton, gravoly, to Lilian, as they stood a little back from the dining-roomt window, regarding Martin Tar rant's son lounging on the lawn, smoking and setting by th ears of a pug and fox terrier, being infinitely amused by the former's pusil lanimity. ' We must scarcely expect, papa, the man nors of a London drawing-room in one brought up as Martin Tarrant has been, on a farm in the Wild West. We take our colour ing from the society around us. And already I think our guest has improved.' . 'He tries,' said thie doctor, " or 'puts on a surface.' ' Papa,' and Lilian placed her hand gently on his arm, whilo her voice was full of sweetness and entreaty, 'don't mako it worse than it is; try to make it bettor for it must be. Is not my word given ? I will not break it: It is not just this wealth should be restored? Would it not, if retained, be a crushing load, bringing pain, not enjoyment ? It must go back to its right ful possessor. It is not ia sacrifice I perform, but a duty.' The doctor patted her head softly. 'May Heaven make the young fellow as grateful as he should be !' At this instantM?artin Tarrant, the younger, looking towards the house, saw them. He was of middle size, rather loosely built, and walked with a half swagger, half slouch. His complexion was dark, his features exceedingly. well looking, but with ani expression of easy bonolmic upon them that deteriorated from their refinement ; added to this, the under-lip was full and loose, while at times there was a furtive sidelong glance in the dark eyes as of susp:cious or the dread of it. Springing to his feet, he approached, and, unlatching the glass doors, entered. The doctor had already moved away, and Lilian, sitting down, took some work front her work basket. Three weeks previously, about six' days after the arrival of the lawyer's letter, Mar tin Tarrant had put in an appearance at Heatherfell, and been hailed with joy by the old housekeeper, delighted to Ihave a Tarrant once more at the old place. ' You aro very uleased?' had remarlked ' You are very pleased ?' had remarkcd Lilian. ' Ah i m!'m, how could I help it ?' was the response. ' Didn't I know Mr. Martin, his. father ?' ' Is he like him ?' 'Lor' ! no, ma'am. No doubt he takes after his mother; but ho's ia Tarrant for all that.' It was evident the young follow did his best to please and win approval, but the old doctor took a right down aver sion to him, and Lilian's 'heart sank at the thought of the future. But for that she did not blame her betrothed-thus lshe hold him-but horself. Was not the cause her having already given her heart to another ? ' I was so noble of you,' remarked Martin Tarrant. 'When the lawyer follow ex plained, I wouldn't believe it, that, I wouldn't. I said it was all bosh, you know.. Of course my father ought to have been boss hero-excuse me, but that's Ameriecln. Still, that you should sacrifico yourself--' ' Pray don't let it be a sacrifico,' inter. rupted Lilian, with effort. ' That love could be expected on either side is impossiblo.' ' Oh, by Jove! I don't know about that on mine,' with an open, admiring ghlance. ' It isn't likely you would care for, me, though I'll do all I can to win your liking if you'll take me. That's what I've come over for- that you may see me, you know, and decide.' 'I have dccided,' had responded Lilian, extonding hoti hand. ' Your cousin did you a cruel wrong-I will right it.' ' By Jove ! I don't believe another girl. in all the world would have acted so nobly.' Lilian shrank a little from the tonie in which the praise was spoken, from the manner of the speaker; but there was a sense of martyrdom about what she was doing which was sweet; and there and then, perhaps, to find a barrier between herself and her thoughts of Charles Lawless, she would have agreed to at speedy union. But her father and the lawyer interfered. Thoro were inquiries to be made. Mr. Martin Tarrant had to prove his identity. ' And I must do so by proving that I am my father's son?' he laughed. .'I don't fancy I shall find any ditliculty in that.' Neither did he. He soon removed all doubt on the point. And again Lilian would have yielded to an early union, but the old doctor made obstacles, finally arranging it for Now Year's Day, which was but a few weeks distant. How swiftly those weeks sped to Lilian. She, who had been eager to consummate her vow, each hour now shrank more from it. In the day she could command her thoughts, but in the night she was helpless, and her dreams were full of Charles Lawless. Perhaps it was this that made her find faults in her betrothed, which filled her with increased repugnance, and made her look back to the days of penury at Welbulry with - regrot. ' It will soon bo over now,' she thought, as on Christmas Eve shel came from the town along the country road, covered with ai slight coating of treacherous snow, for beneath was ice. 'I shall feool it less then. He is not bad tempered; as his wife I may influence hint. His .wife !' she repeated, with a little shivering cry. "' Oh ! that it had not been I who saved his cousin.' She had increased her pace unconsciously, forgetful of the care the state of the road re quired. Suddenly she slipped, wrenching her ankle, but s wing herself from falling by clutching at the hedge. For It moment the pain was intense. What was she to do if her ankle was too ihijured for her to roceed ? To obtain help was doubtful. 1 ow persone traversed the road after dusk, and they would be less likely on Christmas Eve. If asny camo, and she could not walk, they would geot i car riago sent for -her from Ileatherfoll. She must wait. Wait in that bleak cold, with the dark branches, weired of frn.m, grating their boughs like the hugo arms of antediluvian Inonslters overhtead, and the white silent snow. every whlre ! Truly SA inerry heart goes all the day, A sad one tires at a mile:' Lilian had boon very depressed all the afternoon, and now the pain, the biting cold, the gloomy solitude, made her hysterical, and bowing her head, she burst into tears. I beg your pardon, but are you.in need of assistance ? Can I help you ?' asked somo one who had approached unheard over the soft snow carpet. Someone ! Could Lilian hear that voice and be mistaken ? With a little quick cry she turned, and the snow made the twilight light enough for recognition. 'Mr. Lawless !' she ejaculated. But he said; 'Lilian !' There was one brief pause, during which heart was confessed to heart, as clearly as eyes spoke to eyes, and words sprang to Charles Lawless's .lips which would not be controlled. Lilian, trembling, happy for the moment, heard he loved her; heard that he was there that Christmas Eve merely to look upon the house wherein she lived; that, poor, he know not how he had courage to speak of his passion, she being so rich. Then Lilian made her double confession, of her love, but the sacrifice she was making to right the wronged. Charles Lawless listened with bowed head, much agitated. 'And you have found your husband's cousin?' he said. 'No, for he is dead,' she answered. ' But he has left a son-we are betrothed-in tle New Year we two shall wed.' ' You have done a noble thing,' replied Charles Lawless, gravely. ' It was a bitter wrong that you would make right. Do not imagine I would dissuade you from it. Now, may I help you home : You cannot walk unaided.' Gladly Lilian accepted the proffered assistance, soothed and sustained by his commendation of her purpose. In the hall he seemed as if he would have retired, but Lilian would not have it. He must see her father; he must be their Christmas guest. ' Thanks,' he smiled. ' I accept at once,' and followed here to the drawing-room. The doctor, pince-nes on nose, was dozing over a paper by the fire. Martin Tarrant lounged on a sofa, his hands clasped behind his head, evidently exceedingly bored. To Lilian's amaze, quitting her side, Charles Lawless strode over to the couch, and, his fair face flushed, standing opposite its occupant, ejaculated passionately : 'You scoundrel-hypocrite-imposter!' The other leaped to his feet, his momentary surprise swiftly giving place to alarm. ' Charles-here!' he exclaimed ; then, with a ' Whew, the game is up !' darted for the door. and was gone. ' Hey, hey ! what's all this ?' cried the old doctor, starting from his chair. 'Charles Lawless. Why-what does it mean ?' 'This, my dear doctor; that yonder im poster is no more Martin Tarrant's true son than- ' he paused, adding, ' than you are. Martin Tarrant married twice, his, second wife being a widow with one son-the man who has been imposing on you as Martin Tarrant, and who has just fled from the room.' ' You know him?' ' I know him well. I have reason- ' Just then, prim in silk and lace cap, the housekeeper entered. ' If you please, ma'am- ' she began, when, her eyes resting on Charles Lawless, uttering a shriek, she cried : ' Martin Tarrant himself ! Oh! but it can't be ! And it can't be his ghost !' 'No ghost, but flesh and blood, laughed the young man; ' not Martin Tarrant, but Charles Tarrant, by his wife, Alba Lawless !' Oh, the great, great joy that leaped up in Lilian's breast. She stood speechless, eager, but the doctor spoke: ' You Martin Tarrant's son ? Then, pray, why, sir, may I ask, did you call yourself Lawless when we met you?' 'Because I know who you were, and did not wish myself to bs known. I felt my family had suffered a cruel wrong; but when I beheld your daughter I forgave Hugo Tarrant. Of the generous resolve his wife had made so as to right the past I never knew until an hour ago, when I heard it from her own lips, and guessed who it was who had taken my place-yes, my place. Am I to blame if I ask to take his?' He extended his hand. Lilian looked into his face, then, a lovely blush on her cheek, happy dimples quivering like kisses about her lips, put her hland on his, saying simply: 'You know." The marriage took place on New Year's Day, after all, only Charles Lawless Tarrant was the bridegroom. As the carriage bore them away on their honeymoon, Lilian ox claimed, laughing: ' Oh ! what a Christmas I expected i And what a dear, sweet Christmas it has been !' 'A merry Christmas,' said her husband. fondly regarding her, ' and may Heaven bless us all, darling !' 