"A SOLDIER'S! secret!' . .' By. Caj t. '.Charles ' King. Copyright. Published by special acrooge meat. Continued from last week. CHAPTER m. ! Captain Bolfc, it la a question 1 refuse to answer?' The northwest winds that had finally \- banked up tlie southern clouds and ..squeezed down a dismal drizzle the flight of Miss Guthrie's departure now Veered and whisked away the moiat and plashing veil;1 and the afternoon snn- ehino of tho day that followed streamed across the broad mesit in a flood of grate ful' warmth and radianco. Tho colonol ordered out the entire command, to tho \- utter ' consternation of Miss Winifred Borrion nnd the supremo disgust of some half a dozen junior officers, who, count- ing on tho weather indications at nine a. m., had eagerly accepted Mrs. Ber rien's suggestion that they spend thoir rainy afternoon at tho major's hospita ble qiiurtors, by way of making it pleas ant for two young dainsols from town and thrco or four from tho fort itself, . all of whom were supposed to be deeply interested nnd engaged in tho embroidery of certain altar cloths, lectnrn and pul- Pit. adornments, with which to rejoice the eyes of their amiable chaplain at Christmastido. Here it was well along in November, and beyond a vast amonnt of chatter and conjecture over the pros pective pleasure of the reverend dominie, nothing had been done. True, the colonel hnd astonished every body by ordering out tho entire regi ment, at least the eight companies there of present at the post, to parado for in spection and review, eqnipped for field service, at nine-thirty that morning, and only reluctantly recalled tho order when the persistent plashing of the rain warnejlhim that if would tid io a day or fw'o of sunshine to dry out the clothing and equipments subjected to Buch a downpour. Aud then if anything should happen and they should bo suddenly called upon to bundle everything right into the waiting train — Bat, psbnwl the thing wasn't possible; the idea conld not be entertained. Of course mattem were looking squally, very equally, up there in tho Dakotas, and everybody from Missouri to tho mountains and north' of tho Platto was already out in the field, nnd in little dotnehmonts from the scattered posts even far away in Montana, even far in southern Wyom ing, the soldiery were converging to ward those swarming agencies where thousands of truculent warriors of the great Dakota nation were, drawing ra tions for every man, woman, child and 'pappooso they possessed. Be it known to the render that paternalism is ram pant in the land— that while penco so cieties and Indian rights associations and prayerful congregations away at tho Atlantic seaboard are deluging the press with diatribes upon tho wrongs of the rod man and, the criminal neglect of the nation, and declaring that r Man's inhumanity to Lo . Makes countless Indiana moarn, in this lost "century of dishonor'.' Uncle Sam lias disbursed millions upon mil lions in tho desperately hopeless task of .(filing tho aboriginal stomach, and in striving by means of honest census to re duce tbo number of tho "countless" so pathetically referred to. Indiuns would make splendid ward politicians, and how it is tliat tiio suchema of Tuimnauy have not long since possessed themselves of so uvnihiblo a means of swelling thoir ranks pn9B0th all understanding. After tho Indian hnd hud. himself, Bovernl wives and his blooming olive branches, "oksheelah, wicinchn," hoys and girls, and such pnppotiscs ns his hotter halves hnd at tho back (either of homo produc tion or borrowed for tho moment from the tcpco of Two-Dricks-in-his-IInt), duly enumerntod, 'would ho not swell the cen sus of his tribe by judicious distribution of nil h is wives' relations umong those tepees not ulrendy checked off? Oh, if the truth could over reach tho oars of tho general public what tales of Indian sagacity might not yet bo in store for thorn 1 What annuls might not bo un- foldedl Dealing with his own, his whito children, who are nonvoters, Uncle Sum serves out ono ration a dny to each en listed soldier. Tho wife nnd the lnds nnd lasses that tumbled about tho married men's quar ters in the queer old days wore all to bo fed from that ono ration, unless, per- chance, mamma was a laundress. But when dealing with tho wronged and in jured rod man be could not be too mag nanimous. Every head counted. The mumbling old beldam, groat-grand- mothor of "countless thousands," braced I up from tho edge of tho grave for tho I occasion. The big bellied little four- , I yeux- olde, reveling in the dirt about the 1 reeking Bhamblea, the tiny hour-old j papoose, even many a puppy, blanket swathed and slung sqnaw back, passing for a weo baby, anything he could show as possessing a spark of Indian lifo was duly credited .to tho warrior lord of the lodge for another ration, a full oue. Cattle might and did shrink., but to the Indian there is more meat in a lean cow than in tho stall fed ox to tbo whito, for the reason that "everything goes." Horns and hoofs nro tho only things tho Indian doesn't eat. Agents might and did cheat and steal, but so did tho Indian, and. many a re joicing old sinner has been credited with i a family of twelve wlion his sole avail- j able domestic assets consisted of two ! sqnaws and threo children, tho papooses | having been borrowed or porsonnted ; by:bundled up doggies, the grandmother ; being public property passed around for j tho occasion; tho others, pickaninnies painted so ns to look entirely unlike tho grinning urchins counted in the flock of brother Stab-in-the-Dark, whoso people had just been enumerated. . There wero agents who lent thoinsolves to that sort of thing because tho moro Indians thoy could show as their especial wards, the moro barrels and boxes and bales were invoiced to that agency aud deftly "raked off" en route. There was a time when the man who wouldn't make hay when such a sun shono was looked upon aB an unprofitable servant who couldn't contribute to campaign funds, "What trie devil. do yon suppose wo baa you made agent 'way up at Gallatin for?" asked, an irato political "boss" of a deposod and crestfallen late incumbent who came home stmnrsoded. "Why, it was you and our congress man who exposed tho stealings of my predecessor and had him fired. 1 sup posed you wouldn't stand that sort of thing. X supposed you wanted mo to bo perfectly honest." !!Of course we did; but, damn it, you don't seem to understand; he was paying to tho other party." Biit railways, and telegraphs have brought all this, or much of it, within range, so to speak. Things have changed, except perhaps human nature, white or Indian. There has been failure to provide for. carrying out the earnast recommendations of tho best friend the Indian has known for yeara — tho man .whoso word was his bond, whom they feared in war and loyod and trusted in peace. There has boen shrinkage both in the cattle and the count. No matter how much beef might shrivel on tho hool , in the old days, the Sioux, if he were at i all sharp, got more than was his share, and most of the Sioux were as sharp as thoir knives. Other tribes might have j starved and suffered, but not thoy. With the new order of things came full stom achs for hosts of ' othor aborigines, but fault finding for these Dakotas, No moro "tepee counts;" on the contrary i heads of families paraded their entire | force, and while enumerators with book and pencil went along the front of the line, Uncle Sam's bluecoata on the border keenly watched the rear and put sudden stop to all sham and swapping. Now the shrinkage come to be privation, ' and, taming in appeal' to the general who headed tho great commission and won thoir faith, appealing to Crook for the remedies congress had utterly failed to provide, their hearts were bowed with (he tidings that tho Great Spirit, hod summoned the "Gray Fox" to happier hunting grounds. . Then was there no other appeal? One Aone which had never failed to wring from tho government the concession de sired. Old chiefs might plead in vain, bnt the blood of the yonng warriors is hot and strong, the Inst for reputation as vehement as of yore! Every brave stood ripe for action, and no Indian leader ever equaled in craft, in cunning, in adroitness tho scowling old sinnei Sitting Bnll, and no man need donbt that it was ho who gave the cue. Every medicine man in .tbo Dakota Nation be gan to preach the coming of tho Mes siah, bnt the Messiah craze was only the means to an end. Un-koi-to, the In dian redeemer — he who ordained that his children should prepare themselves by tho savage rites of the ghost dance to meet him and all their dead ancestry and with them wipe the paleface from the land — Un-koi-to was a fraud of the first water, a masquerading scamp of a white man at odds with his own kind, and progressive Indiuns knew it. But even to such a saviour, when urged by the charlatans in every village, the su perstitious nature of tho red mun turned in eager adulation, and the ghastly, mad dening dance went on. Night after night all ovor the broad northwest the skies wore aglow with the Indian fifes. The vault of tho hen vans echoed to the sound of frenzied shriok and yell and the furious beat of the Indian drum. It is but a step from the ghost danco to the scalp dimco — from Iudian worship to ludian war. A year ago in every valley of beautiful South Dakota cattle were browsing on the bunch grass, settlers plowing on the plains, women 60wing nnd singing under tho new raised fooftrees, and gleeful children playing in tho golden houps of corn. Now tho plow Btunds idlo in tlie abandoned furrow; tho cattle have gone, i to make up, presumably, for tho resor- ; vation shrinkage: women's songs have changed to Bobs, children's laughter ; hushed to torrilied silouco, as tho sottlers i Book tho rofugo of tho towns. New rod j glare in tho sky at night, and tho now ranch house lights tho way of many a Bavuge warrior, bound with arms and ponies to swell tho hostilo ranks in tho mazes of tho Bad Bands. I "God only knows how soon it may come," read Furquliar, but a week bo- fore, "but 1 think you would hotter bo i with your command." Farquhur ro- ( iiaquislied his shooting trip and at onco got him homo. Be could uot bear to toll hiB people, in the hnppicst garrison tho regimont had ever known, that per- I haps it might be as woll to drop the | plans for the cavalry ball and the Christmas thoutriculs, the cherished projects for tho coming holidays. Be hated to havo any ono ask him if ho thought there wero not just a chance — I just a chance— of thoir being ordered up there. But even before he left he I Berrien had been talking tho mat ter ovor. Tho idea was to always have I the regiment ready for anything, and it did seem as though with all the sum mer nud fall marehing and scouting and maneuvering in the field they were, as tho Englishmen wonld say, "pretty lit." Fit, certainly, for any amonnt of scoat- ing or fighting on the southern plains, and yet utterly unprepared for the rigovs of a Dakota winter. Any colonel who, serving in Arizona or in tho Indian Territory, was to apply for canvas overcoats, blanket lined, for fur caps, gloves, boots, leggings, etc., intended only for Bervice in the high latitudes, wonld have boon laughed ut, if not snubbed. Farqiihur decided It best uot to lot any of the women worry over a possibility. No use borroiving trouble, he said. Long years had tho regimont served in that wintry lnnd. Fierce and incessant had been its campaigns against the Indians. Dire had been its suffer ings and losses. Only recently— only ! within the year — had they reacliod this ' paradise, with its hazy landscape, its ! lovely, peaceful homeB, ita kindliness j and greeting yet warm in remombruuee, I tho edge of its choor still now and un- | worn. I And then Kenyon came back from leavo, a burly major of foot who had ' been visiting at his old home in Chicago and was reported to bo wearing tbo wil- 1 low for a girl who had but just married i a mere junior first lieutenant in tho Elovouth, thoir predecessors along this line. It might be that Kenyon was cross and crabbed. The youngsters called him "grumbly" at first acquaint- j anco, It might bo that ho was so hipped and unhappy himself he could not bear to see tho bliss nnd content on ovory face about him. Bo and Rolfe wero con genial spirits, said the boys, for "both of thorn got left." But Konyon, close I mouthed as he was at times, had watched things a day or two and then had given Farquhar a "pointer." He had heard l something, he said, at division head quarters. Hence the order for "turn out overybody, field kits and fifty rounds." The maddest man at meBS at one-thir- I ty was Mr. Carroll BrewBter — "Curly B" his comrades called him in tho years gone by, when he had much kink to the blond hair of his handsome head, and i not a vestige thereof to the down on his lip. Now, as first lieutenant of the "Black Troop," with a mustache ail bristle and curl, aud with a pate where on tho curls wore cropped to regulation lines, bo was a very different sort of fel low. All tho morning long ho bad sat on a gurrison court, where as "swing member" ho had not enough to do to keep him from brooding ovor his woes. Ho had counted on Bponding tho hours from two until stables basking in the light of those wonderful, deep, dark eyes of Miss Winifred Berrien. Some what petted and spoiled in his earlier years of service, Brewster bad had much of tho nonsense knocked out of him in the harsh experiences of seven years in the saddle with a regiment renowned for its touch-and-go sort of work. Ho hod steadied greatly in those years, part of tho process being duo to his own latent good senso, and not a little thereof to Incessant striving on tho range to win high honors as a sharpshooter, and to day there was not a finor looking soldier wearing tho broad yellow stripes in the Twelfth than this same ox- dandy "Cur ly Brewster." There still lingered abont him a cer tain repute for Belf consciousness, if not for actual conceit, bnt ho hud grown to be thoroughly respected in the regi ment and was vastly popular with the ! men. He was ovor ready to umpire 1 their matches at baseball, coach their shooting, lend his own fishing tackle or shotguns to longing sportsmen in the ranks who had none of their own, and ho had won the lasting gratitude of C troop, two of whoso men were being mobbed by a gang of tough one windy night in Bhoridan Ci' . just ns Curly came trotting tack en route to tho post "He was off his horse and into that crowd quicker than winking," said Murphy, "uud tho way ho laid over that gang with them white fists of his just made my sides crack with delight" He had moro senso than they gave him credit for, said the son- iors of the regiment after a whilo, and, barring an early experience, a cadet love affair that ho was long ago well over, had never let himself go again — never until the Twelfth cams to settle in this happy valley and Winifred Ber rien returned from her eastern school. Then ho went all of a sudden. Only one man did not soe it; that wns Berrien. Vniy one woman couldn't forgive his devotion, and she had no business inter fering, being herself otherwise dis posed of. To his credit be it said, Brewster aud tho lady's husband were about tbo only men who uppoured unaivuro of tliiB on- j tnmnal infatuation. Nevertheless, in thoso numberless ways in which women can claim and secure the appearance, ut lonst, of attention from mon. the damo hud managed to monopolize consider able of his spare time up to tho week of Miss Borrion 's coming, after which it wus not ho who rode to town, but she who drovo out to tho post uud sent for him Co come and tuik to her us she loaned back in her stylish victoria and looked up at him from under hor tiutod lashes. She conld havo found it in her hoart to stranglo tlie lovely girl so dark ly, riohly beautiful, but hor call upon "tho Indies" hnd been returned when she was conspicuously absent from homo, and opportunities for uioeting wore uot afforded by the damsel's par ents. There wero girls at tho post wno wero quick to seo how "Antinous" bud lost hiB heart; but these, those at least who wore uoar ouongh to wuuir dare allude to tho matter at ull. were content to archly quoto the warning Change tho name and not the lultrr. Marry Cor worse aud not lor bcitur. I There was ono man with whom Brow- '. ster was at odds, a sentiment due to un j old difference when both were younger, and that was Rolf o. There wus ono j nmu tho gallant major especially "'kod ' and swore by, and that was Hollo. These facts, added to tho comeiduneo ! that tho captain had never loigotlcu the j hot words used "y Ins second iloutenow long years before, made a combination most unfortunate for a fellow so much in love as was Carroll Brewster. On this particular morning he had striven to hurry innttors through on the court — to try three or four cases where tliu accused were only too ready to plead guilty and "throw themselves on the mercy," etc., and then adjourn on the specious plea of giving the judge advo- cato time to write up the proceedings. But the president of the tribunal had other views and held hi_n. Brewster knew that Randolph and Hunt and Ridgeway, perhaps others, had taken advantage of the weather and ho drill to slip over to Berrion's for a blithe, lhoming hour wit li tho girls. Ho could imagine that pretty parlor, with its pic tures and piano, its attractive curtains and portieres, tho group of bright, swoet faces, the animated olnvt, Winifred her- , self, in. her dark, rich beauty, seated at the piano, with Ridgewny hanging over . her, eager to tnrn the leaves, eager to do anything that might keep him at her ' side. Confound the fellow! lie hud money and a handsome old family home stead. What business had he roughing it in tho cavalry, with no end of chances of getting his head knocked off, When liis doting mother was so eager to have him come home, marry, settle down and take up the management of the property : bis father had left him two years be fore? Poor "Curlyl" he could only gazo , wistfully out across the dripping parade from, his seat in tho dark courtroom and watch the glinting of the firelight on tlio Berrieus' parlor window. The 1 major loved a broad (iroplace t and ; a hickory blaze, and hero he had them to his heart's content for the first time in full twenty years of army' wanderings. I How .must that firelight enhance the ' ookinesis' and' comfort Of the scen'o'with- ' ii|! .How mnst it bo flickering about ' "t'iib darlc' masses of her lustrous hair' at " this vbry moment! How — - "How do vou vote, Brewster? Are your Svits wool gathering?" ' ' He pulled himself together as best 'he . could, but that was a morning of tbr- flmehfc, _ . . ... _ t ___( , And; now. to : think that, after fill, |he could havo nqmonieut at her side this dnyl To think that Farquhar should , ; have ordered. them out for hours of pot tering around at saddlebags, nosebags, , side lines, lariats, picket pins and all that sort of truckl It was simply bar-1, barous., Ho cur bed his tongue as well, i.., knew now, tor plainly lie saw that liis churns were mischievously exulting ..oyer hivri, but amy oiie who knew Brew ster could seo liis wrath aud discom-' iitnrb. The announcement was made just before luncheon was over. The ad-- jntant camo bolting in with the order, ' and' shutting his ears' to the chorus of "What timo' did you say boots and ' saddles would sound?" fiercely demanded Randolph. 1 ''"InkquariJer of anliour; sb'you'veno 'time; to waste' saying swear words or'- asking damn fool questions. And as for you, Curly, you're for guard tomorrow." Brewster finished his cup of tea in an undignified gulp, quitting the table and the room in three strides. There was. just time to scurry over to Borrieu's and see her for five minutes before he had to jump back to his quarters and into riding boots,' etc. Any pretext would answer— the dance tonight, for instance. ' "Get my field rig ready at once and bring my horse up hero in ten minutes,", he called to his servant, slashed at his natty uniform with a whisk broom and bounded out of the door, only to en counter the man of all others ho least cared to see coming in. "Were you just going, Brewster? . There is a matter I want very much to ask you about, and I thought this the. time to cntch you without fail." Tho ' voice was that of Captain Rolfe. "I am just going out, captain, andFm hurried, but if you will stop in I'll be back in ten minutes." ' "Well-1, ordinarily, I would not do- tain you, and-d, pardon me, if you were going to Major Berrien's, they are all at ' luncheon. I have jnst left there." Brewster flushed in spite of his effort at control.1 His first impulse was to say he was going over anyhow, if only to leave word, but, since lie could not hope to see her, what was tho use? It chafed him, however, to note that Rolfe, in that calmly superior way of his, was pressing on into the hall, as much as to say, "It is my will that you give up what you ' have in view and attend at once to my '" behest," just as though' Brewster were still his second lieutenant, instead of First Lieutenant Brewster, commanding the "Black Horso" troop. It must bo confessed that there was about Rolfe an intangible something that ever seemed to give that impression to the juniors. It was one of tho things that set tlieir teeth on edge, as thoy expressed it, and set them against him. Feeling as lie did toward the captain and exasperated at the way in which events seemed conspir ing against him, Brewster threw open his door. '' "Walk in, as I said, captain. Make yourself at homo. I wish to go into ' Haddock's a moment, and will be right back." It wasn't that he had anything to say to Haddock, but Haddock had succeeded him as second lieutenant of Rolfo's troop, and was no fonder of his stern, self willed commander than Cur ly himself had beon. It was simply that ho would not yield a moral victory to Rolfe, and that in naming Haddock lie knew he gave at least a slight return for tho annoyance aiforded him by the captain's untimely call. Giving no sign whatever as Brewster sprang away down tliu steps the captain passed on into tho plainly furnished sit ting room. Already McUann was busy hauling out tho lieutenant's field boots, breeches and overcoat, whisking oil the dust and indulging in Milesian comment us he did so. At sight of Rolfe he abruptly ceased, bustled % forward and ' offered the captain a chair, and a mo ment later bolted across tho hall to per form similar services in overhauling and dusting Mi. Randolph's possessions. Left to himself, Rolfe wearily turned to the manto, and without show of in terest glanced over the various' photo- I graphs there displayed. They were mainly of army frionds, young fellows in whom ho felt slight interest at' any time and none at all now. So were those in tho basket on the round table. Brew- stor was popular, if one were to judgo by tho array of pictures that had been sent to him by their prototypes. Then there was a large, handsome album lying open on tho desk near the window. Turning listlessly thither Rolfe gave a Blirug of the shoulders, something al most like a shudder, at sight of tho pho tograph which lay uppermost, a cabinet portrait, highly burnished and finished, of an exuberant womanin evening dreBS. In that neighborhood everybody knew her by sight. Ho himself had received invitations' in her hand to lunch or' to dinner. Ho knew the writing of tho note that lay beside tho album, first page uppermost. Ho would have had no eyes at all had lie not seon the "Carroll, inon ami," with which it began. With a hiver of disgust ho whirled over a page of tho album, as though to cover and hide tho beguiling face, the betraying words, und then Brewster came bound ing buck and in, Rolfe's hand was still on the album as ho turned to face him. ; Tho eyes of tho two men -met, and again Brewster flushed hotly.1 He re membered that only in the morning's mail had the largo packet -arrived con taining this unasked for and unexpected addition to liis portrait gallery.' He had not opened it until after court— had not more than glanced at tho photograph even tlion, beautiful as it-was from , on artistic'point of view. Then that note, and that idiotic, soihisentimental begin ning! Slib had' lit) ver called him Car roll, but in certain evasive, insinuating, in—' well, Wo have no ivord fpr it in all tho vocabulary of 'the United States— in away he could not. but see and' could not find a way to .object to, she had been lately' verging in tliiit 'direction. ' It was, "Now, Mr;' Carroll Brewster," 'or"ilmy good friend. Carroll," or "Sir Carroll,", or in some "way 'Carroll; . but' hero was . an out and out 'Carroll, the first of the kind. A month before' kb might 'not; have flinched; now lie shrank from the. mere idea of familiarity of the faintest, kind. He had been striving to cot loose.' froih lier in every pbssiblo way, buthers. was a friendship that "clung closer than, a brother," and jnst as'sure'as shooting Rolfo must liavo seen that infernal pic-, tare, thpse misleading words. Brewster read, it in, Rolfe's calm brown eyes,' but he wotiihT hot discuss matters with him, much less stoop to explain. "You wish to seo me, captain. Will you take it seat?" ' - "No. What I lmvo to ask need occripy' but little time, and the call will sound in a moment br two. I am going to ask you it question, and as man' to man I; want yon to answer it." He paused; as. ' though awaiting submissive reply. "And the question!" asked Brewster, finally and unyielding. 1 ' "I was in hopes you would assure me of a readiness to answer. Whatsoever havo been tlio differences botweon us in the nast. vou can never accuse me of having pried into your affairs, und tlio question I wish to ask is one of deep im portance to uiysclf, and its answir can not, I believe, unpleasantly involve you.". And still -Brewster stood silent,' the blue' eyes looking straight into the" brown. "1 will not prolong matters rmhtricssa- rily. : What- 1 desire to kmywJ'MrVBrew-' ster, is this: Have yon or 'havo you -not some knowledge of ' tho ' past history of, Sergeant Ellis?" ... - "Pardon me, Captain Rolfe.-but I do' not seo how that can concern you iu' the least." , "I have stated substantially that it did," was tlio quiet reply, after a rao-T ment's thought. "It concerns me very deeply. 1 need to know something of his antecedents. I have reason to ask, and I repeat my question;" ' " Thore was a painful pause. Then Brewster spoke firmly: ' ' "Captain Rolfo, it is - a question I re-" fuse to answer." CHAPTER IV. 14 And now. Carroll, u- III vou take mo to the carrltiacf" That night, despite tlio long hotire in tho eaddlo, the young officers had bidden their lady friends to un informal dance in tho lioproom. It was just a week after Nita Guthrie's adventure, and al ready, except in tho thoughts of two or three men, that strange affair was a ching of the past. Pcoplo hud settled down to ail acceptance of her own ex planation of tho cause, not that it was entirely satisfactory, but hecauso no other seemed plausible. Justwliyagiri should havo been rendered norvous and upset because sho had had a projiosal, Mrs. Vance of course conld not under stand— "especially," said sho, "a girl who was reputed to have had so many offers." It was laughingly remarked'hy various military benedicts5 that since the moment when Miss Guthrie's scream of torror had appalled tlio garrison tlio dames and damsels of their severe,' households had shown nn unwonted de gree of timidity in visiting about tho post after nightfall, and that much .-mora than tho traditional amonnt of hunting behind curtains and under bedsteads was now going -on. , Berrion was especially jocular, una more tban over disposed to toll his cronies in hor presence that - Berengaria had said this or Berengaria had done that, the thie or that beinsr .something tooro than usually absurd or Improbable. 1 But in the conversations held of late in , the sanctity of Berengaria's bondoir the major had been anything bnt jocular. There was one incident of that evening that had caused him deep perplexity, Ho had never for a moment forgotten his wife's allusions to Winifred — Wini fred, the apple of his eyo. Tho possi bility of her having lost lior young heart to, or even having come to feel more than passing interest in, Carroll Brewr ator was something that troubled him far more than ho cared to admit. Like many another father ho lind gone on fancying liis daughter only a child — one to whom tlio idea of falling in love wonld not present itself for years to como, and then oilly on parental inti mation that it was expected of her, Personally and officially ho had nothing against Brewster. He liked him quite as well as ho did any' of the junior of ficers, and he liked most Of -thorn very mnch indeed. It was as soldierly, man ly a lot of young fellows as- one could ask to see, hut in the close coinriideship and Intimacy of frontier life men get to know one another so thoroughly and so 'well that tho foibles, weaknesses and waywardness of tho animal aro apt to be far moro prominently mentioned in garrison chat than his sterling or lovable traits. Some men, it may bo said, havo to die before their virtues can bo in the least appreciated. Moro than once had tho major closely interrogated his wife as to the reason of her statement. Had the yonng fellow dared to speak to Winifred without first asking his permission? Had Winifred dared to fall in love before — but no, that was impossible. "What makes yon think, she cares for him?" "How do you knotyl" "Why should she care for him anyhow?" wero the impatient questions that rose to his lips. To one and all Bhe had simply replied that slio knew be cause she knew — woman's unanswerable reason. No, Winifred had not told her. They had never exchunged a word upon the subject. No, Mr. Brewster had not spoken, if. by that was meant of love or . marriage, for, Winifred would have told her on the instant. Bat half a . dozen other people had spoken. The whole garrison could see lie was deeply in love with her. Every glance, word, gesture, act, told the story with unerring cer tainty.. "Is there a day, is there, an liour, when it is possible for him to see her, speak with her, that ho is not by hor side?" asked Mrs. Berrien. "You must realize it, major, and jrou must de cide what should he done. She likes him well, that 1 know, for she is ever ready to dance with him or rido with . him, and I can see how her eyes brighten and hor color rises when his step or his voice is heard on the veranda." , "But, ponfound it, Bess!" — which was much nearer mudam's proper name — "lie hasn't anything but liis pay," i , Airs. Berrien laughed softly. "But, Richard, (Tear, even that detri ment has occasionally been overlooked." "Oh, of course. Exactly. I know. Neither had 1. That is what you mean, I suppose, But things wore different then." . " "Granted again, Dick — very different; so -much so that were things as they nsed to-be Lwould.be utterly opposed to her.marrying in tho army!" , This being ; just exactly tho view the major had not taken, ho could only stare at, hor in astonishment. "Bess, what on oarth do you mean?" , , "Just . what 1 say, Richard. I like What I've seen of Mr. Brewster very much, and I. dou't wonder Winnie fan cies him. , Ho is a gentleman; ho is a fine soldier;,he lias a good record; he is , well connected; his family is one of tlio beat that you or I know; he has every thing in pointof fact to recommend him that .you had, my liege, and he has none of your bad habits. You used to drink and smoke and play poker, and, Richard, .sometimes you used to swear." , '"Wen, everybody aid In those days." "Exactly,' and hardly anybody doe3 today, except perhaps one hears a little ,odd language when the wind is blowing from tlio drill ground. But in other re spects things are indeed different. You' and. your cronies sometimes talk about how slow and how indifferent young officers ore now as compared with what tliey were twenty years ago. Dick, if tlio army wero today what it was when I married you I would whisk Winnie out of this garrison and never let her vontura inside another. Bnt it isn't.' In every possible way that a woman and a mother can see, it is vastly hotter, and you know R. I can conceive of worse fates for our daughter than that she should marry such a man as Mr. Browstcr and into sucli a society as wo havo hero today. You aro eagorly look ing forward to your promotion. Do you think being lieutenant colonel will com-, pensato you for leaving such comrades and friends as you have in the Twelfth?" "I'm hoping to exchange. "Yon can't; Dick, Nobody will trans fer with you who once goto into tho Twelfth. And now as to Winifred. You always liked Mr. Brewster. You rather preferred him until lately. What has changed ynur view?" "Nothing, except — why — why, Bess, you must havo seen or heard, for one tiling, this affair with Ma. , you know." "As utterly one sided an affair as ever was known," said Mrs. Berrien stoutly. "I believe I can seo clear through it I despise the woman. She bus always made a dead set at some one of the of ficers stationed hero,. I am told. She was just as absurd about Mr. Martin, of the Eleventh— everybody says so in town —and she picked out Brewster because ho was the. handsomest of the new lot when our regiment camo in. Ask any one you choose, and I think my view will hold good. Ask Captain Rolfe what ho thinks, and ho and Mr. Brewster are .not on friendly terms." "I have a«fced Rolfo; I asked him only this evening," roplied Berrien, turning redder, "and he begged to be excused from expressing nn opinion." "Why?" "Well, he wouldn't say, bat. he had seen something or other that we hadn't, and lie doesn't Hiqa BrewBter. 1 can't kave.BniAn wktaf love to Winnie one mitttite and that kolsomined creature tho next. I wish there were no danco tonight. I want to seo Rolfo again. Who takes her?" c a' "Mr. Brewster, of course. - H asked, her two days ago.rvhun the - affair was first projected. Ho is in the parlor now, but so are all the others-" The major stepped over to the win dow and began thrumming with his pndgy fingers upon tho pano. AH tho joviality and gladness seemed gone from his faco. Tlio lights were already be ginning to twinklo in tho quarters across the parade, and darkness, "waft ed downward liko a feathor," was shut ting out the long line of shadowy blnffs beyond the " stream., Down stairs lio. could hear tho Bound of joyous chatter, tho deep voices of , tho men mingling with tlio rippling, silvery laughter ho knew and loved so well. ,Hoyr happy tho child seemed! How she loved tho regiment and gloried in his profession! How proud sho was at school of the pho tographs he- had from timo to 'time sent of his brother officers, and how tho other girls, her letters declared, envied her because slio 'was a Boldier'b daughter and had lived on the wild frontior. Ho could hear the sound of other girlish voices, too," Winifred's frionds from town, but ho found that his ear- listened only for hers. How blithe and musical and full of hope aud gladness it seemed. How lovely sho .looked as sho came down dressed for dinner just as lie re turned from that odd, constrained talk with Rolfe. Poor Rolfo! he was given over to tho bluo devils now, snro enough. Ho and Konyon and "Pills," tho doctor, formed a triumvirate of sympathetic souls, for since Jcnnio and '-the kids" had gone Holdeu's life seemed to have fallen into tho Bear and yellow leaf. Kenyon, as in duty hound, was mak ing the circuit of tho garrison returning calls just now, but Rolfe went nowhere except the doctor's. There he conld be found almost every evening, for: ever since Nita Gntlirio's visit the walls of the old lionse seemed charmed to him. "Begad,'" said the major, "111 slip over there tonight myself, while, the rest of the folks aro dancing. J want to see what it is he is holding buck." For the life of him he could hot ho ro- pellant in manner to Brewster when ho went down stairs. The three young fellows honored with invitations on this particular evening wero Brewster, Ran dolph and Ridge way. Brewster, be cause ho was to bo Winifred's escort to the hop, . tho others because they had made tho best of matters and invited the other girlB, Ridgoway, be it known, not without inward exasperation. He fancied Miss Kitty Pennoyer as a sub stitute for Winifred Berrien about ns much or as litllo as one is c:ntent with a back seat when ho cannot have., a box, But it kept him "in touch with the house," so to spenk, and save him opportunities at least of occasional word with tho beautiful girl whom: he so admired. . . He know ho was no match for Brew ster so far as physique or reputation was concerned, bnt then girls had been known to "prefer patrimonial estate., to personal cbarms, and he meant at least to try tho effect of his solid qualifica tions 'ds -against those which madeBrew- stor so attractive to the sex. Ha knew tho major lilted him well, enough, and ho thought - lib could count on tlio good offices of Mrs. Berrien, but , he was not so sure about Winifred. When tho jovial major appeared ho was in readi ness to pay his respects at once, and was cordially welcomed by that red faced veteran; so was Randolph; and tlion there stood Brewster at Winnie's side, both, as it 60 happened, looking straight at him. "Well, by Jove, thoy do mako an al most ideal couple!" ho said to himself. Brewster fair, stalwart, straight and soldierly, a picture of manliness und vigor. Winifred dark, yet with so rich a glow mantling the soft, creamy skin, with such glorious, deep brown-black eyes, so lovely and sleudier and graceful a form. Her shapely head seemed jusj on a level with his broad .shoulder, and something he had been saying to her ill a low tone' jnst as the others wero greet ing her father had sent the l.ilood surg ing ro ner cneoic, x)crrien tnougtlt sTie had never seemed so beautiful, even in his fond eyes; For tho first timo lio be gan to realizo it was a woman, not a child, who stood before him. No won der Brewster lovod hor with his whole eouL Why, if ho didn't! Pshaw! what was he thinking of? "How aro you, Brewster, lad? Glad you're here : j early. Your troop made my eyes dance this afternoon." Oh, surrender ignominious! So ended his offort to bo repollont. How could lie be, | with Winifred's soft eyes looking at kirn 1 so wistfally, so fondly? And it was good to seo Brewster's ap preciation of tho voteran's allusion to his troop. Gorharn, tho captain, had been away on leave for some weeks, daring which time the lieutenant had had com mand, and, soldier that he was, had done his utmost to improve tho drill and ef ficiency of his men. It was about tho only troop that did not como In for a rasping of some kind at tbo hands of the colonel tnat afternoon, ana Doing in Berrien's battalion reflected credit -of course upon the major. Brewster's eyes had kindled and ho had lowered his sa ber in glad acknowledgment of tho brief words of commondation that fell from Farquhar's lips as he completed his rigid inspection of tlio equipment of tho glos sy blacks, and tlio major had supple mented the words by a nod and a glunco that spoke volumes. But while all this was a joy to liis soul, it was as nothing as compared with being praised by her . fathor in her hearing. At that precise mornont Carroll Brewster stood tlio hap piest man within tbe limits of a crowded county. And now at ten o'clock tho hoproom was well filled. A number of pleasant" pooplo bad driven out from town. All the garrison girls were there, most of tho olders among tho mammas, nil. the juniors among the matrons, and "the danco went merrily on. Delightful mii- Bic tho orchestra of the Twelfth was: over ready to play, ana this night their lender seemed inspired. The n£E air was entirely informal. No written invita tions had been sent out. Officers were all in undress uniform, but, with few exceptions, all were there, and the broad stripes ; of scarlet or yellow or white wero to bo seen everywhere throughout the room. Mrs. Berrien, a smile of motherly pride in her handsome dark eyes, Was chatting pleasantly with the wife of a local magnate, who could not say enough about Winifred's grace and beauty, and tho gaze of both women seemed to follow the child as she ap peared literally to float over tho smooth ly polished floor, just lightly borne ou Browster's stalwart arm. It'wiis oho of the oldest and sweetest of the Straus? waltzes that was being played at the moment, "Geschichton oub dem Wien- ; orwald," and slowly reversing and turning, With the eyes of more than half tho spectators and Wall flow- era upon them, Brewster and Winifred were now gliding octobs the upper end of tho hall .within a few feet of the smiling row of lookers on, almost with in touch of the mother's hand. His face wore a look no woman conld for an in stant mistake. His - eyes, full of pas sionate tenderness, were fixed at the in stant upon her lovely face. His lips wore moving Something was being said. "Thoro is one couple at least that is utterly loBt to tho rest of tho world," said Mrs. Vance, for of a sudden the lovely upturned face was bowed almost upon his arm, and tho deep, dark eyes wero veiled, and tho soft flush scorned to leap through the creamy skin to her Very temples. "Oh, has that fellow Ridgoway no sense whatever?" she continued, with all a woman's horror or an interrupted love scene, for at the instant Ridgeway hnd darted forth, watch iu hand, with a tri umphant' shout: "Time! Sly half!" And without a word, with one swift upward glance into Brewster's longing eyes— a glanco fairly brimming oyer with meaning— Winifred released her self from the half encircling arm and plncod. her hand on. Ridge way's sleeve. Another moment and sho was being . whirled away under the guidance of a very different partner. "Miss Berrien's fan," said Brewster, bowing a moment later before her mother. "I was charged to place it in your hands." His heart was beating high. Tho music seemed thrilling, throbbing through his veins. Ho longed to hold forth both hands and say: "Read my secrot. Know my heart! I love herl oh, 1 love her!" But there sat Mrs. Van I Ness, tho banker's wife, with broad sym- ' patliy and approval glowing in her good | naturod face, | "Ah, Mr. Brewster, it wasn't easy to g'ive up half that dance— waB it, now? | Why do you do such things in the army?" ' , ' ' "There were only four waltzes, Mrs. Van Ness," smiled Mrs; Berrien. "Mr. Brewster-had had one and had claimed this, aud Mi. Ridgoway had had none at ' oil, and Winifred and 1 both thought he ' ought not , to bo denied- entirely.) It is the only round danco ho knows." Sayiugiio word, Brewster had dropped behind Mrs. Berrien's choii:. ' "Ho doesn't know that any too well," said Sirs. Van Ness to herself. "Where could ho have learned to dance?" The floor was crowded at the moment and unusually slippery, eo that' reversing or avoidance of collision was rendered the moro difficult even for experts. Twice had Ridgeway bumped intosoroebody or other without grievous disaster, butnow, as luck would have it, came catastrophe. In the effort to check himself sudden ly just as ho seemed shooting into con tact with a slender light battery man whom he could not havo touched had he tried, tho young fellow's feet flow from under him. Left to hersolf, Winifred would no moro have fallen than a bird. Drowning lien clutch at straws and poor, rich Ridgow'ay's instant impulse on feeling himself going was to clasp her the tighter, dragging hor with him in his ignominious crash, His tumble yvns bad enougii; tliough lie was unhurt, bnt hers was worse. With violent slio'ck her head struck the polished floor and tho room swam around. A dozen men flow to aid her, but Browster seemed to have seen it coming. He leaped through tho air aud, bending over tho prostrate Ridgoway, had her up in his . strong arms and over at tho window before another -hand could touch her. "Quick. Hunt, some waterl" ho or dered, his teeth firmly set. Then how his oyes softened as he looked down into lier pallid faco! "Oh, my darling, - my darling!" ho murmured In that little, shell like ear; and then, with wild anx- ioty in her oyes, Mrs. Berrion burst through tlio sympathetic circle. It was all over in a moment. The music never ceased. Sho was stunned only for an instant, and then, though Mrs. Berrien would havo interposed, liko the little heroine she was, Winifred was on hor feet and holding out her hand to poor, bewildered, miserable Ridge way. "Bnt come, we must finish tho dance," sho said, and in so saying riveted the chains of his serfdom. "I wouldn't dance with him again," said Sirs. Vance, who had an opinion to oxpress on every subject. "Why, he almost broke her head." "If she didn't she'd break his heart, Sirs. Vance," was old Kenyon's reply, as he watched tlio scene. "That girl's a lady." "Am I not to bo honored tonight, Sir. Brewster?" said a low voice in his ear as lio stood silent, anxious, preoccupied by Mrs. Berrien's side, his eyes follow ing Winifred about the room. The very intonation mado him tnrn cold. "I bog your phrdou, Mrs. Knowles; I saw only a moment ago that you were here." Sho was leaning on hor hnshand'sarm. "Not half a bad fellow if he is a blind fool," said those of his own sex who knew him. Years her senior, he was yet her slave. Witness his coining out from town this late November night solely at her behest to attend a dance to which neither was hidden. . "Ah, I wonder you saw at nil, my friend, with that vision before your eyes; and 1 pr,CBum'o that was why you had. no time, to come in person wi th yonr invitation.".- . ' "No invitations ore sent out ' for these : little' danced Sirs. Knowles." .' :i "There, there, I'm not going : to ; up braid yon. here. Sir. Knowles, would you got mo a glass of water? SIv. Brew ster, will you not present mo to Mrs. Berrion? Wo lmvo exchanged calls, but I havo not yet had the pleasure." . What could ho do? The request w.u ! as audible to Mrs. Berrien as to liiui and, even as she spoke, Mrs. Knowles 1 passed around in front of him so as nl most to face the major's wife, lnkiug| tho introduction as a mutter of "course. - He glanced appealing)' at Mrs, Berrien: as he murmured the unmo. Lie blessed, her in his- heart uf hearts for "the' calm; courtesy with -which sho greeted Mho local colehvity. ... Ito. bit his ..lips with; vexation nt Slis. Knowles' 5 very first1 words: ' , 1 "I could not . resist the longing to know you, Sirs. Berrien, for 1 iuu utter- - ly lost in admiration of yonr. lovely; daughter." She, daring: to spealc of one. so pure, so innocent, so utterly beyond liar I Turning impatiently away, ho en countered Alajor Berrien's eyes fixed upon him with a look that was not good to soo. Ho stopped forward, hoping to oxplain,.bn Berrien, who had ju.t en tered tho room after an ahsenco of overi half an hour, whirled sharply about, plainly indicating that lie dill not wish to speak. This was bad enough. He had beeu near tho seventh heaven of. bliss. Ho had almost touched tho gates of pearl. Now thoy were receding through clouds and darkness, fading in the distance, But worse was to come. Mrs. Knowles had seated herself by Mrs. Berrion's side, pouring forth rapid compliment and confidence. The music' had ceased. Ridgeway, with Winifred on his arm, was approaching slowly, checked every moment by man or woman, who begged to hoar that she was not shocked or seriously hurt. It was not until she was within a ' few yards that Winifred caught Bight of her mother's companion — caught sight of tho faint gesture and the warning in her mother's eyes. Then sho pressed her escort's arm and turned him away. "Oh, do call Miss Winifred . here. 1 so long to meet her, Sirs. Berrien," cried Sirs! Knowles; aud what Could Sirs. Berrien do? Tho flush died out of Win ifred's cheeks, the soft luster from her eyes. Obedient to her mother's unwill ing summons, sho stood before tbe iudy from town, but she. stood erect, and there was not tho faintest cordiality in lier manger, Tho long lashed lids droop ed ovor her eyes as sho bowed to tbe older woman, hut her hand, to Ridge- way's delight, refused to withdraw from his arm. . No one saw moro plainly thai, did Sirs. Knowles that nothing could bo more unwelcome than that introduction; and it Btung her to the quick. Checking the fulsome flatteries that were ready on her tongue, she said: "I could not go, Miss Berrien, without saying how frightened I was for yon and how glad to seo you wero not hurt." Then, turning languidly, "Aud now. Carroll, will yon take me . to tho car riage? Somebody can call Mr. Knowles. Good night, Mrs. Berrien. Do como and see mo." And, taking Mr. Brewster's nnoffored arm, sho led him down the brightly lighted and observant room. , (To he continued.) ' ' 