Amusements. LYCEUM THEATBE— 'MABITANA,' 'Maritana/' rightly described as the most tuneful of English operas, was revived at this theatre on Saturday evening with all the advan tages possible. While to a certain extent in its general treatment reminding the spectator of 'The Bohemian Girl/' still to the listener it has a distinction entirely its own. This was the first opera of Vincent Wallace's produced, indeed it is supposed to be the first one written by him. Local superstition, with pardonable pride, clings to the belief that it was during his residence in Sydney the composer commenced this most charming of his works, and will even point to Castlereagh- street as the exact locale ; ? but in the face of his many wanderings this seems doubtful, and when we consider his prolonged stay in Chili and South America, the Spanish nature of his then surroundings, and bis choice of a Spanish subject, probability would seem to point to its inception there. It would certainly suggest the purely Spanish character of themiseen scene, and the different characteristics of the stage crowd — the contra bandista, the bullfighter, the bandit, the Spanish looking peasants, the dark and mysterious cavalier, the light-hearted and laughter-loving gipsy, and the thousand and one touches of unconventionality that go to make a city of South America at once a delight to the soul of the artist, and a feast of color for hi* eye. Then the libretto — although adapted (by M. Fitzball) from the French drama of Don Coesar de Bazan. bv Dumanois and Dennery — is still obviously Spanish, and with its odd mixture of love, intrigue, perplexity, de votion, pathos, and -buffoonery, might very easily be traced back to the old-fashioned dramas of -Calderon de la Barca ' Mari tana ' had its first production at Drury Lane Theatre on November 15, 1845, under the manage ment of Mr. Bunn. The work was evidently not in a complete state when it was accepted by that enterprising impressario, for we find that the words of two of the gems of the opera, ' Scenes that are B ightest ' and ' In Happy Moments,' were written by Mr. Bunn. The original cast was: Maritana, Miss Romer; Laza rillo, Miss Pooler King of Spain, Sig nor Borrani; Don Jose, Mr. Phillips; and Don CseBar, Mr. Harrison. The success was immense and immediate, and served the duel pur pose of bringing enduring fame to its composer and repleting the diminished treasury of the National Theatre. Its first production in Syd ney was at the Victoria Theatre, April 19, 1849, and the characters were sun- by Mrs. Guerin (now Mrs. Stewart), Maritana; Mrs. Rogers,. Lazarillo ; Mr. €k H. Rogers, King of Spain ; Mr, F. Howson, Don Jose; and Mr. J. Howson, Don Cffisar. ' ' Maritana ' has instilled the judgment of its first hearers, for in all these years, no work, not even the subsequent ones of the same writer, has succeeded in moving it one iota f rom its abiding place in public favor. Miss Montague sustained the title role on Saturday in a manner that merits great praise. Her voice was in good order, and though in passages 'd'Agilita' her ' execution leaves much to be desired, still her perfect management of the mezza voce, and her sympathetic treatment of her songs, notably 'Scenes that ate Brightest/' quite the most ple»sing solo number of the evening, must be highly commended. She played the part, too, with gaiety and esprit, and when necessary with the pathos proper to the situation. She received many beautiful flowers. It was un fortunate that Mr. Turner was suffering from a loss of voice, which necessitated the ' cutting ' of his songs. This had very much the effect of 'Hamlet' without the noble Dane, but under the circumstances was unavoidable. Mr. Turner rather transgressed the strict letter of stage law when in the middle of the second act he dropped his personality as Don CseBar, and, assuming the conversational Mr. Turner, apologised to the audience for the state ot his voice. His vocal incapacity did not affect his animal spirits, for he electrified every body by making an exit on the words ' olive oil.' The supposition is that this was intended as a substitute for ' an revoir,' but that is the sort of thing one expects from Mr. Lonnen but not from Mr. Turner. Mr. Farley, just recovered from a serious illness, had on his entrance (as Don Jose; a great reception, and used his noble voice with the greatest effect. He was a tower- of strength to the cast and sang 'This Heart by Woe O'ertaken,' commencing at the allegro ma non troppo, in a manner that de lighted the audience who insisted on an encore. Miss Cicely Staunton as Lazarillo was entirely satisfactorily both in singing and acting, and was encored in ' Alas Those Chimes/' and shared the honors with Miss Montague in the duet ' Sainted Mother.' Mr. Sydney Daane was very good as the King of Spain, an ungracious part, and as a rule ungraciously played, and sang the andante of the ' Mariner . in His Barque '* with great expression, though not quite so happy in the allegretto— he seemed flurried. Mr. Hall's play ing of the violin obligate to this number was peitect. The Marquis of Montenore was assumed by Mr. Leopold, whose ideas of the manner of the Spanish nobility seem to be of the most elementary character, and Miss Fitzmaurice Gill as the Marchioness should net make the mistake of thinking that a keen sense of humor is indicated by a besmudged face. Mr. Wentworth played and sang the 'Captain of the Guard/' in a very fiery and proper manner. And now we come to the really unique feature of the performance — the chorus— it is impossible to say too much in their praise. Singing steadily, with power, tone, volume, and beauty of voice, and the pianisBimi and forti observed with the greatest care and effect. This condition of excellence reflects the highest credit on their con ductor. The singing of the ' Angelus ' was per fect, and the sensation of the evening. Of course it was encored. This splendid chorus, so beauti fully handled by Mr. Harrison, was, from a pic torial point of view, thrown away — for the stage management was primitive in the extreme, and betrayed a decided disposition to hark back to those first principles which had the merit of simplicity but were not picturesque — there was no life, no mo vement— and this presumably impulsiveSpanish crowd stood revealed in its stolidity, a British one of the most British ; but, of course, that was not their fault. The scenery, dresses, and band were all that could be desired. The house, full in every part, was ia the humor for en joying itself, and this feeling was even carried to an extreme by a large party in the dress circle who rendered themselves conspicuous, and who, judging from the very loud tones of their conversation (which a little thing like opera did not interrupt), must have belonged to the creme de la creme of society. ' Maritana' I every evening this week except Saturday, when ' Carmen will be introduced. The prosperous run of ' Bobbery under Arms ' ?will be curtailed, this week, and on Friday night Mr. Alfred Dampier inaugurates his Shaksperian nights at this popular theatre. The cast which has been ? selected for the opening piece, ' Hamlet,' is a very strong one, and includes Mr. Dampier as the noble Dane, Mr. J. P. West as the King of Denmark, Miss Rose Dampier as Ophelia, Miss Julia Merton as Queen Gertrude, and, last but not least,- Alderman' Jamer Rainford as the Ghost. Of Mr. Dampier's Hamlet we have had occasion to speak in the highest terms before, and as for the Ghost, well the ghost has always walked most satisfactorily since the genial alderman took possession of the theatre, and on Friday next he is bound to £11 ail requirements, and a lot more. On Saturday evening 'For the Term of TTia Natural Life ' will be produced 'on a scale of magnificence' that Mr. Eainford assures us even the bill can scarcely do justice to. The cast on this occasion will be as follows : Rev. North, Mr. Dampier; Eey. Meekin.Mr.Leston; RufnsDawes, Mr. BiOlfe; Lieutenant ^Frere. Mr. Flimmer; Cap tain Vickers, Mr. Harford; Rex, Mr. Brian Eng land; Sylvia, Miss Lily Dampier; Sarah Porfoy, Miss Katharine -Russell? Mrs'. :T^ers, Miss JuliW Merton. . . ; ' -' '^ :~''\ ; '\r:'7 -i^' Thx Ttvoli Theatre. — Judging by the busi ness being done at the Tivoli Theatre, Mr. Harry Rickards and his Minstrel and, Speciality Com pany appear to have 'struck it rich.' On Saturday night the house ^was so packed in every part that standing room was unobtainable after the curtain rose. The programme was a really good one, and the appreciation of the audience was shown in repeated encores. Mr. -J. H. Wood, one of the funniest of funny fellows, srwi late of 'Wood and Emerson's Minstrels, reappeared as a corner man, and with his songs, recitations, ' and quaint dry stories kept liia audience fairly convulsed with laughter. In the first paitrt Mr* B. Leonard, Miss Stella Tudor, Johnny Gilmore, Mus'Stanbridge, the sisters Anderson, Perpy Shannon, A. Farley, and Steve Adson, all' acquitted themselves ad mirably in songs, ballads, &c.;, and were heartily applauded. Johnny Gilmore's ' Odds and Ends ' in the olio were highly amusing, and the high kicking of the 21 young ladies as 'The Rowdy Dowdy Crew' was a capital performance that had to be repeated. Mr. Harry Eickards was as warm a favorite as ever -* with *'The Bridge,' 'A Nice Little Innocent Thing,' and ' My Old Dutch,' and he good naturedly complied -with a number of emphatic demands for 'more.' The violin fantasia of Mde. Vinceni was an excellent performance, and the plaudits won by the fair player were as well deserved as they were enthusiastic. Mr. G. H. Wood again set his hearers laughing until sides ached with his ' DLfferentialifcies/' and he too was brought back. A pretty song and dance by Misses Anderson, a song by Steve Adson, a ' Pas de quarie ' by Misses Synnott, St. Clair, Tudor, and Wilson, and some clever juggling by M. Provo brought a. first-class and highly- enjoyable performance. ^o a close. Last evening the house was again densely filled, when the above named artists gave a sacred and descriptive concert. Messrs. Eickards and Wood, Mde. Vinceni, Percy Shannon, A. Farley, and the other ladies and gentlemen gave their most popular numbers, and received unmistakable tokens of approbation. Saturday night's programme will be repeated throughout the week. ' Gaiety.— A strong programme was -submitted at the Gaiety Theatre on Saturday evening by the members of the World Star Gaiety Company. The sisters Cameron, double song and dance artists, Miss Lucy Fraser, a favorite contralto, and the Australian Tom Thumb, a wonderful .wire walker, made their first appearance, each and all winning at once the eoodwill of the large. audience. Miss Priscilla Verne was again successful in her artistic specialities, and the. Sherwood Sisters executed a t raceful skirt dance to the deli ht of the house. Miss Ettie Williams sang the 'Little Slate ' in a pleasant manner, and Miss Bertha Fanning's familiar ballads were as popu lar as ever. The feature of the bill was the pro duction of the burlesque 'Aladdin,' under the direction of Mr. James Wilkinson. The piece was well staged, mounted, and acted with a grand handkerchief ballet, and an equally - grand corps of beauty. Miss Amy Johns successfully sustained the role of Aladdin ; and in Mr. James Wilkinson, as the Widow Twankey the comedy of the burlesque had an able exponent. ~ As the Emperor,. Slade Murray appeared to advantage; and Mr. Alf. M. Hazlewood made a good Vizier. The other characters were sustained by Misses Lucy Fraser, Ettie Williams, the Sisters Cameron, Will Stevens, and Tom Thumb with every credit. On the whole, 'Aladdin' was well received, and should have an extended run. On Sunday evening the members of the company gave the customary concert in the presence of a packed house. A first-class programme was sub mitted, every item of which met with the appro bation of the audience. Bondi. — The weather yesterday interfered somewhat with the attendance at the Bondi Aquarium, where a capital programme of vocal and instrumental music was gone through. The tram service was not particularly good, and it is considered that had the foams to the grounds been more frequent during the early part of \ the afternoen the attendance would have- been more encouraging. As it was there was a good crowd, and the enter tainment was one of the very best put forward by the manager. Mr. Herbert Rowley contributed. ' Farewell, Marguerite,' and later on joined with Miss Lillie Eowley in the duet ''' Life's Dream is O'er, Farewell.' Miss Eowley also sang very nicely ' Esmember Me No More.' 'Dear Robin I'll be True,' by Miss Ida Holbein, was a pleasing item, as was 'The Cows are in the Clover,' by the same lady. Mr. Harry Leston also came . in for a large share of applause, and his contribution, ' Twinkle Turn Turn,' was much relished. Mr. Leston also gave a humorous recitation, which was greatly appreciated. The feature of the en tertainment, however, was the performances of the Aquarium Band. Messrs. H. Mahon, T. ouaaon, a. iterrs, and i±. menden played a cornet quartette, ' Come Where My Love Lies Dream ing,' and Herr Von Der Mehden played a xylo phone solo, ' The Mocking Bird,' with variations. Mr. Fred Dark rendered 'The Gid^r Little Curate' and 'In the Meantime,' and received well-merited recognition. The convict hulk Success has proved a constant draw since its re-appearance from the depths of Kerosene Bay, where its notorious passenger list was daily inspected by the ' denizens of the mighty deep' for some months. Now, however, sightseers are shown a perfectly new assemblage of criminals, moulded from authentic portraits, and surrounded by all the terrible realism which made their lives a matter of history in the early days of the colony; The exhibition as it stands is well worth a visit, and gives a very excellent idea of the fearful state of things that obtained when crime was in its zenith and law and order was enforced by a cruel and despotic hand. The battle picture at the Cyelorama is a source of perpetual income to the enterprising proprie tary, who leave no stone unturned to present this ghastly spectacle in the most realistic manner. Mechanical effects enhance the dread picture of the moving battle field, and descriptive lectures delivered at frequent intervals are not the least attractive feature in the exhibition. The Alhambka.— An excellent sacred and classical concert was given at the Alhambra Music Hall on Sunday evening, and before the curtain rose nearly every seat in the cosy hall was occupied. The programme put forth was up to average of those given at this popular place of amusement, and ' contained a number . of excellent Items, which received justice at the hands of the participating artists. Among those who contributed some appropriate ballads were Misses Herberte, Clara Spencer, Forde, Melville, sisters Abbott, Messrs. By an, Fred Spencer, Friedman, Holme, Tudor and Sampson. A very pretty banjo quintette was given by Misses Herberte, Spencer, Messrs. Easton, Craydon and Holland. Mr. E. Lockhead presidsd over the orchestra which rendered several choice selections, which reflected credit on that gentleman. A errand change of programme will be given to night, when the world-renowned Billy Emerson wUl make his first appearance at the Alhambra, supported by a strong minstrel, and variety company. On Saturday afternoon the Newcastle and Hun ter iiiver s.jn. uompanys lavome steamer »ya ney mad6 an enjoyable trip up and around the Hawkesbury River with a full complement of excursionists on board. The steamer left the wharf at Market-street shortly after 2 o'clock, and after about three hours on the water, which was all that could be desired, reached the Hawkesbury about 5 o'clock, and a return journey was made at about 5.30, the steamer reaching Sydney about 7.30. The Coldstream Band, which was onboard, played some pleasing selections throughout the trip and kept everybody in high spirits. The Columbia Skating Sink was-Well patronised on Saturday night, and lias been so during the week. The management are making extensive preparations for a coming series' of attractions. Opera. House.— -The Opera House, York-street, was comfortably filled on Sunday evening, when the usual sacred and classical concert; was held. The programme compriswl;16 items, and each of the vocalists was received with applause. The—merry playgoer has taken the precaution to book well ahead for y; ^ The Village Priest ' during- the week, for the .seats have been besieged. and, as was predicted test week, the play has proved an unbounded success. Nothing could be much finer than Mr. Titheradge's interpretation of the pa*t of the Abbe Dutwis, nothing much more earnest and impressive than Mr. Brough's playing as Jean- Torquenie; in fact the -whole ^companyjPlayyWitb. aepontaneity that' reflects1 the greatest credit on the stage manager, Mr. Bouci cault, who is responsible for the production. Booking is still conducted six days ahead, and from all appearances 'A Village Priest' is booked for a long run. ; ?'?'.?? '. i '?' ? '- ? ?? ? '.' ' At the Katoomba Police Court on Friday a man named Win.. Phillips was charged with having assaulted a young woman residing. »i; Mesralong Valley. The accused was a miatrlivin at ''hat place. The case lasted the whole day, and at its conclusion the bench decided that there was not sufficient evidence to go before a jury. The accused was discharged. ?;-??; 