I saw at ones that tbe big rope was securely festered. Joe was not a n an to do things in half. The cord wss pait'y coiled on tbe plank, and the end trailed down far below. Now I could see. My own body had ehnt oat the light, bnt now a aqoare patch of sky was cot out above me and I conld Bee Joe looking down. " In God's name ban! np," I ehouted. Tbe face was withdrawn. Tbe rope tightened and I felt the plank ebake and quiver and rock BB gradually the tension increased, and slowly the body rose and set out on i(8 awful journey. I think I did my duty, although even now those swfol seeoDde seem buried in a clond like tbe ghosts of a frightful rireum. Up the awful harden went, and again darkness was all around, but I kept Bteady, and at last I could see the load taken from tbe rope and drawn in by tbe Cornishman's strong arms. Then a great loneliness descended on me. There was a dread fnl consciousness of being foreafeen, and for the first time I myself became the subjeot of my own thoughts, and tbe terrible possibilities of my own position almost shattered what little there remained of my courage. "Are jou strong enough to tie yourself to the rope," Perrian shouted down. " If you place yoar foot in the loop, yon will be np here in no time, bat tbe excitement may have been too great, and I am afraid to trust you. Will yon tie yourself to the rope ?" "I will, I will," I cried. "Send d®wD the rope." . The rope descended, and I wrapped tbe cord round it and my body again and again, and tied it as fast es my hands conld, now trembling with excitecrioit, dp, braised and torn by the chafing and the unwonted work. A few minutes, and I was in the free open air of Heaven again, and tbe br>*ez kissed my cheek. What a diffarenc between that glorious freshness and tb< stagnant and Blaggisb atmosphere below . "I shall rnn for assistance," Perrian Baid, '-Mies M*itland has gone alread) towards the reef." Now that tbe excitement was over 1 felt the reaction. I felt the hysterical s'raegle and tottered to tbe spot where Mr Allan lay streiched out as if he were dead. Sitting down I lifted his head or. my lap. An awful gash had torn tbe scalp, and there was a dreadful suppleness in the arm bent beneath him. He groaned when I touched him, bnt he was evidentlj reviving. His eyes opened, and there passed over his poor, brnised and wounded face the smile of welcome recognition. I bent down iBy head and caught the words as tbey struggled through his feeble Jips— "My wife for the ages—I knew it. Ves, aad at that solemn moment I knew St too. The cleuds of fate were rent, and I conld catch a glimpse of the soal life of tbe past. It was no longer a girl tbey found there ending over tbe senseless body—it was a woman with a woman's soul vivified into a new life and a larger existence. c O O G <3 « I am contented. The magic crystal was right in two instances. I nan trust for thi others. At any rate, I feel transfigured and feed my soal on the ether of hope A fallen meteor has a very downcast appe ranee. " Wbat would you do if your husband should join a club ?" "I would buy one " He—" Will you be my wife ?" She— " Ton mast sek mamma, first." He—" But suppose she doesn't refuse me ?" " Has she given you any encourage ment ?" " Oh, yes! She says she will get all d£ her father's money when he dies " Cass (annoyed)—" Don't you know that a fool can ask questions t" Bass—" I had heard so; now I know it." " Don't you think that a woman thinks the most of a truthful man!" "It depends a good deal on how homely she is." 