Tip S. M. Herald ard the Baqks. Our Sydney correspondent writing last week informed us that reports had been set afloat in the city to the effect that as there were such poor chances of the Bank Notes Issue Bill getting through the Assembly, the banks had decided to take drastic measures almost immediately after the holidays to call in advances. It can readily be imagined by whom and for what pur pose these rumours were circulated ; in plain words this is what the directors and their " barrack-era " say, " If you do not give us power to flood the country with legal tender paper money we will ruin our debtors." Their con tention is that the Bank Notes Bill is not to enable the shareholders to make whopping dividends, but simply is for the benefit of overdrafters and mortga gees. What philanthrophists surely, and what a thousand pities it is that past facts do not fit in with their present professions. The records of the last few months show that not withstanding the tacit agreement on which the Bank Issue Act came into operation, the debtors of this oolony were treated not one bit better than those in Victoria. Experience having taught that the honor of the directors in such matters as these was not to be relied upon, it was sought to have a provision inserted in the Bank Notes Bill giving protection to the debtors. This, however, was emphatically re fused. The plea now set up that the banks must resort to more "squeezing" cannot blind anyone who has any knowledge of the matter. The S. M. Herald has been a staunch friend to the" banks — it stood up for the Bank Notes Issue Bill until there was not a ghost of a chance of success. But warned by recent events, the leading journal refuses to lend itself to the raising of a bogie man scare, and in its issue of the 20th inst. pub lishes the following guarded but, coming from such a quarter, most significant article : — Our bank suspensions were followed by reconstructions, and these were allowed and accepted in the interests of the whole community to prevent a commercial crisis not simply for the benefit of the banks them selves, as some would have it supposed. Had there been liquidation, which certain old- world banking theorists regarded as a fore gone conclusion, instead of reconstruction, which the obvious necessities of the situation required, we may grant that there would have been a commercial panic, probably of a very Berious character. If all the debtors of these banks had been called upon to pay up within a year or two, the crisis might very well have been a severe one. But, as we have said, there was reconstruction, for the specific object not of saving the banks simply, but of preventing the collapse of debtors depending on them. The periods of com promise of five or ten years were first to enable the banks gradually to reduce the mass of indebtedness without embarrassment to the debtors, and secondarily to put their own affairs fo order, and, to introduce a sounder banking system. As to the main object for which reconstruction was allowed —that iB, to enable the debtors of the country gradually to reduce their overdrafts, without bringing on a commercial crisis — we have expressed, no uncertain sound. When reports came to us from various quarters that pressure on debtors was being applied, we thought it .accessary to urge consideration. Creditors under the Act of Parliament did not give the bank one year, b ut five years, and even more, to set affairs fn ppder, and however anxious bankers may be to put things straight quickly there will be nothing gained by undue haste, instances of loss through excessive hurry to reduce overdrafts— though the banks had a long term of compromise given — have come under our notice ; and if this poljcy were more generally pursued, it is quite; possible foat the trouble still hinted at would not.. be prevented, p.ut if the banks - fully: recognise the situation created by reconstruction, and the advantages they possess under it,' there ought to be no reason for apprehension. The recuperative re sources- of Australia are- marvellous, and business on . a reasonably sound basis may well be supported throflgh a period of trying conditibns'created largely by the events of foe past year. The banks, we believe, have never been so strong to support Australian credit as they are at this momgfft. The re.- constructed banks as well as others bftVg been strengthened by the addition of fresh capital. The oldest Anglo- Australian banks have openly boasted gf. their enormous reserves, the news being #ash$d by cable from London. Our own records of gold supplies confirm the general reports of their financial strength, and with a goGd heart bankers may safely let the weak down lightly. Reconstructions, we repeat, were allowed to prevent commercial and industrial crises, an£ it is the duty, as we are sure it will be the. interest, jof bankers to 6how people on the other side of the world that Australian business, though for the time dependent on credit, is not. rotten, as one of the most virulent of Australian critics has declared. 