Tasmania. (Fron our own Correspondent.) Launccstok, 20th Mar. Vert little stirring this week. We have not been able to raise even the ghost of a race meeting. Bnt on ^Wed nesday next there will be several, And provided the weather is decent there should bego6d sport. Mr. J. C. Williamson, of Melbouriie, has presented tbe T.R.C. with a hand somely framed picture of toe Cup winner. Carbine, and has received a vote of thanks for toe gift. I am glad to state that Mr. J. G. Davies is on the improve, and' is recover ing from the effects of his- accident -at Strahan. The stud at his estate of Hare- field, in the Fingal district, will shortly receive an addition in the shape of the three horses lately purchased in Melbourne. They are a brown filly by Euclid — Romany Rye, named Romanic ; bay filly, Dazzling, by King Tom— Dazzle, and the mare Feerage, by Calnrn — Peerless. The filly, My Thyra, tost ran so well in the late T.R.O. Derby has been sold to Jas. Hayes, the Victorian jockey. < The Burnieste wards are by no means satisfied -wito'the answer returned them by toe T.TX5. committee ova1 toe refusal of toe laljw to tet them racoon a certain date. -Tbe refusal was conveyed in toe ourtest of terms and no explanation given. Aart remarked a few weeks hack, toe bfaitral committee wfll need to deal very gently with the country clubs, or they will raise an opposition that it will take (tiara 11 toeir time to manage. The dis position at present points toe other way, and one or two little straWB indicate that toe wind is veering towards the "auto-, cratio " point of toe compass. Raring stock at present is at a heay discount. Several owners have, «t- tempted to dispose of some of their afcaid, hut it has ofy been accomplished at ruinously low prices, and most oftoe ad vertised sales have respited in - next to' wjrfiiwijT. Idke onr friends aorao toe- . water, we are Buffering, riot from toe "lode" of capital, bat from toe lock ofiti AGeffsuks paper siya thai toe.ffblte made by Longford appris tajflacslon a'firiu footings posy racing dub promise iopirbre very successful and toe jnarifeseynait race - — working assiduously to make toe opening , r r: meeting of ifae bteb, vtofaU itora nuce on v 'yl ' ttalriproxsmtooess. on one ofjthe raflrOadhnte a jriefcis! < , t ' looking -geatiemia stepped hst im toon and, whaling toa tioslly . bVaerted to-foe guaul1- invigorating?" npEMttegnul. gv, 