TFlfflB 01 TRUST." 1 rNGEt,! DXOKENS AND , IMAfiGAREr MODIiE. ®S®ttra?btrBEVIO'08 CHAPTERS. a Blpoi!, uteuitiful EnsrUali girl, at Hie ge beraelf the toistxea a ere the opening 1 ftwOfl MfilMO; 3m WHWH.1 Iiib ho.li Ipffrfn nw hy ;Aa amUg4hlniiite of her aether, who had adopted ta it Jhtfvfierth -of Valentine' fether. Her ... , nywaer-niHTrfcifl again, her second husband being one ; htare Dori&Bwt;,trct she died a year after the wedding, nd Jor evjmtotoi£emYftUjitlne had heard nothing . £f her riepfctiieB.-1 Ah the owner ot a valuable estate. - Yele&tme; apntiftued to employ ha aunt's former ' , "Agent, KennegiT&attnt.; . young man -of etxons but % character honest hut impassioned. Though affectionate juod edMevoted in disposition, as fa shown in her kind treatment of her companion, Mrs Gaxyl. Valentine Is sensitive, proud and Self-willed. we Jreqnentty ttomes mt© antagonism with ha -Agent, who has certain scornful tolerance for a : sWwU?' horite tbrix occasional aUerca- \- 3aona ana wrathful .duferencea, they are gradu- fawning-; to, xespaxt and like one another. when Vilaitwi stepfather, Mark Dorrisant,end.- oeniy appeara on tbe scene. &e; is accompanied by a rieb young Australian, -Geoffrey Oary, of -whom he has been appidated eole guardian until be attains his twentyqirat ywur, now jnpidly approaching. Ken- nrtt tfaunt, .without realising it, grows intensely jeolous of the new arrivals, and he openly shows 'Valentine tfaat be distrusts and dislikes then. At a party given in their honor by Valentine, who has . formed a strong attachment for both Dorris&nt; and his word, he angrily insults . Geoffrey by ques tioning bis ' varatity. ' Valentine, to tier own hjtense tartnre, promptly dismisses Kenneth rrom faer noose, and next bim from bet service aa smt. Next Anv. In a nainlol . scene, in which 'both Valentine and Kennh lose 'their temps, Kenneth admits Without regret tli&t; he \- -fas insulted Geoffrey .-Gary, -end he furiously de dares. 4lI know nothing of Air Cory; I've aeen nothing of him that I luce. The only thingldo know about him is that X wish he'd been shot before '/ he came here, and he'd better look out for himself aexttime.Icoraeacromhim!"- He leaves tbe house in a rage. Next morning Geoffrey Cruy starts out on. a. tshing excursion' done. The day passes with- -%7:OntJim »turn, whicfai is awaited by Valentine, yeis Dormant, who has been ont for aatroll, joms her, and they convene about the ttbeent one. A thundeiwtorra cotnes on and Sl/irk Dorisaant allows lnereodng anxiety about Geoffrey. Suddenly men appear bearing the uneonsciiois body of the young man, \\\ho has oeen found shot, wilh a gun bmring Kenneth Gc. tint's uame lyi'U? beside bim. "While Geoffrey is lying betwoeu life and deatlu a local .jueth «f the Pface arrive, and «aesti'3n "Valcntrot Ointon about the quarrel be tween h'f&n;>th and Geoffrey. Gj- estiyngitated, riir aeab-ic.lo state that Jvcnneth ha l»p»:eu to Uer in ttreotwninsr lannrare about 'iVorftev whon Keoneth onrateaitoihe ivmi. Be dNdarm that he lmotrs nothing nhqut t?ic " accident," bnt tliat he hart left nirce whiie be was out welkii»g,and tad lorgott-rc it. But the map»tiate accptical. CHAPTER IX-— (Gosnscrai.) Then wtM a slight movement from Mark Dotri-act, Lut be did not spenk. There was a moment's pause, and then Mr Kenyon &«id loftily: 44 Very uufortunato, Mr (Jaunt" Tbe liirht Uiefl out of Yalenriuo'e face, and Kenneth Gaunt'? iace grew ratiior pale and etera. k Am I to understand, "ke said, addressing hitaneli direotly to Mr Kenyon with a proad peremptory ring in his voice, "that I am Deinp seriously accused <>f this thing?" 44 Ton arc to understand, Mr ouunt," said Mr Keayon pompously, "thatvour unsup ported word— happy as I should" be ia a pti- s-to capacity to accept it— does not refute the circumstantial evidence afforded by tbe acknowledged acency of your grnu in this AMhtor. You are known to have quarrelled With 3Ir Cary ; evidence will be forthcoming tosho w that yon have uttered threats against "Threats!" interposed Kenneth hotlv. <4 Threats !" He stopped abruptly and looked, almost for the first time, directly at Valentine. Sbe did sot look ct him, as she said in a low, almost unnaturally steady voice : ' H by 4 erideace' Mr Kenyon means any thing I may have said, it is only just that every one should understand that I myself entirely disbelieve that Mr G-amit ban tad any hand whatever in the matter. " Thank you," said Kenneth in a low tone. There was a moment's pause, aud the atmosphere seemed to be overcharged with some kind of ten»e emotion. Tuen Mark Donie&ot; broke the spell. Layhu; hia baud gently on 'hia Ktepdaughter'e ahonlder, he t&med; to Mr Eenyon, and said in & low voice, as though urging him to end a piinful . seene : 44 What do you propose to do ?" I propose to issno a warrant against Mr , Gaunt oo soepicion,"- was the prompt reply. . He will eee, I am cure, that no other course is open to ine," Then, as Kenneth, white to the lips, his face v«y set and proud, bent hie . head in acquiescence, the old geaileman tnrod to Yalentice. 44 My nosr yonng lady,' he . ssid kinrijy, 44 we won't detain you. any longer. Give me permission to give yoor w»«-n an order, and then let Hr Dorriaant take you upstairs." Valentine did not wait for her stepfather's . osoort. Before either Mark Dotrieant or Mr Kfinyon hod realised her movement, she had srossed the room to the door. It was opened for Her by Kenneth, And she passed out, white as death, without another word. Half an hour later Kenneth Gaunt was in the hands of the local police, arrested on sus picion. CHAPTER. X. — THE CIIXBGE DISMISSED. Six weeks went by, and Geoffrey Cary lay , between life and death, and tbe charge against Kenneth Ganct remained in abeV' anoe. Toe case was brought before the magistrates on the day following bis arrest, and was by tbem remanded 44 pending the production of farther evidence." It was ob- .. vious that while young Cary lived nothing „ could be done until he might recover con sciousness. Bail was offered for Kenneth and was finally accepted ; and he was free to go about his burine as he best might, a man under a heavy cloud, shunned and suspected on ©very hand. 'For the public mind of Templecorsbe r fastened on him as tbe criminal from the very first, and allowed no possibility of doubt. , There was, indeed, a minority who had ttreral cogent objections to offer. In the rfirst place, these diBseaters assted that the .evidence forthcoming against Kenneth 'Gannt was pnrely oirenmstantUI, and as vnchto be treated with diffidence. Secondly. : that Kenneth Gaunt had proved himself during his life at Temptecombe to be a man of truth and honor, end that his word, therefore, deserved credmioe. This opinion joined strength from the fact that bis word .was fully borne out in one particular, inss- : much , as his dog was limping about the -village, lamed by the teeth of a trap. Tbey iurthcr maintained tuat no man in bis senses, ; ha ring attempted murder, would leave bis canon the spot as evidence against himself. To this nnnoritv OiiA nnmnrAhanm tra nnAsfinn waspropoundod : If Mr Gaunt was not tbe < jjcriminal, who. was?— -a qoestion to answer srbich vns apparently very far to seek. And -&! the days went on and public mtereetin the natter was oontiimaily- freshened by the ! weekly reminding of the eaee before tbe 'Jmagistrate. and the. Atmosphere of suspense .thus created, every riieonssion on the snbjcct , ended more and tnore surely with a reference . Aothat hoped-for recovery of eonstiouaeess by .. Geoffrey Gary which was becoming the very goal of public anticipation. 1 .The weary days draeged themselves «lowly owayas Mark Dorr isant and Yalen- . , ,£aae stood Aelplessly by, while Geoffrey's fever xsn its course, and neither Konnetli Gaunt nor tbe days "when those alternations . of , deliriiun arid, stupor sbonld pass into consciousness was ever .mentioned between tbem. - j-; That the stem patience aod reserve with Domsant waited were die result I >:7f .ifd :Self-cDntool,; :'ba who spoke to donbt That he ibaliered in KjennerhGannUs gnBt was equally WB&fo;, fhopgh no word io that effect ever j»rid%UUpE.'_Eis very e3ence and self -to- tpmseipn on fie anbjcct gave to bia conriction i'Vp'fiit'wh-oh .no'Vrorde could tave pro- !ddf-:Jadon%leijiiiflettohdttyaa it passed p»anffldt» ;J(eag>,sSid. Sbsnlotely perceptible Qtyossaioia literally wee.ring her w.-nhejgrejpjKi white and so dight. in Snenner She iiae aJtraya 'oomjoml andqniet, . ttatanyBested ttSppaswoe of nocmtmual strain— not merely to»1i|tito'#ni8%i»pnti0eoB»y Si StfetSBgg-heypndijDfirfiiohehedid fefepSffrotionwhiiaiaemed to grK|Kapjgf ftomioTSttJooIamon fcd;yor?,irnntnal their thoughlp. If eacb liyod another and h rieparate life in which tbe gbal Uyiurther off, nelther ever spoke of it. - And at last that Tar-off goal was reached. Geoffrey Gary straggled back from the gates of deith, mid recovered coasoiousnees. Perhaps a blanker feeling of disappoini- tneut was never experienced than that which obtained at Tompleoozne when it was whispered about that young Mr Csry was en tirely unable to throw any light on the affair of which he was the hero. His evidence began arid ended in the statement taut he had been walking qutokly through the park at about nine oclock in the evening, when he had heard a ehot, had iolt a atincing, numb ing eenBition in his aide, and had lost consciousness. He had Boon abBolutdv noth ing. J It was three days since Geoffrey had made this disappointing declaration, a hot morn ing in the first week of August. It was about eleven o'clock and Mars Dorrisani was alone with hiB ward ; be was standing by his bed, and the two had evidently been talking. The face at which Dorrisuitwas looking was like the ghost of ibe Geoffrey of seven weekB Wore. There was not a trace of oolor in it, all tbe boyish outlines were sharpened and emaciated, and the curly, luxuriant hair was cropped close- Only his ores were the same, honest jwd smiling. Tbey were rather too bright now — the oon — as he looked up at Mark Dorris&nt;, and eatd, in a weak voioe : 44 Affright, then. Pater ; what yon do is sure to be right. And somehow I shouldn't have thought that that fellow was the sort to do a thing like this." He paused a moment and then added, reflectively ; 44 It was rather a blaokgnardlv thing, wasn't it ? I wonder awfully who it really was !" Mark DorriEant did not answer Instantly. He pat ont one of bis hands and laid it on the boy's head. 44 1 wonder !" he said. There was a shadowy little smile about his lips as he spoke, and Geoffrey, looking up at him, exclaimed : 44 You're awfully sure it was Gaunt, Peter." This time Mark Dorrisant did sot auswer him at all. His face set itself sternly. 44 You're tired, my boy," he sold; 44 rest sow aod think no more abont it." He paused, and touched the boy's forehead again affectionately as he added : 44 1 must go." On this August morning, after nearly two months of postponement and delay, the charge against Kenneth Gaunt was to come before the magistrates for what was taoitly understood to be a final hearing, and the excitement through tbo neighborhood was at fever pitob. Ah mark Dorriennt came down- stair? now from Geoffrey' room, tbe carriage was already waiting for bim and for Valen tine, summoned ouce wore to give evidence ' as to tbo threatening words used to her by Kennfitb Gaunt against Geoffrey Gary. 4a Go to your mistress." said Dorrisant to a servant, "'and ask her, if sbe is ready, if sho will comedown to me in the dr&wiugroom.;" A few moments later Valentine came down the stairs with her baton, and wont into the drawingroom. She was very pale and quiet, and there was an addod touch oi haughtiness about her, as though she were nerved to meet some sort of ordeal. Sbe smiled at Dormant, aud as be held ont bis band sbe put hers into it, and waited for him to speak. 44 Valentine,' hesiid gravely, 44 1 want to tell you something before wc start. I think you « ill be glad to hear it. I saw Sir Keayon yeftterduy, as you know, and we carte to a decision which 1 have just been talking over with GeoJuvy. Tire charge against Mr Ganiic win be dirmi&sed; to-day j oa the plea of insufficient evidence." | Va'ieaiine .-tnrted lightly, aud drew her band away, ac if iuvoluntariiy. ( Disxxdsi'ed !" she ran quiokly, ia a low voice. 44 Dismissed ! Then will be be: cleared She was looking down at the handle M the ! sunshade she held, and therefore she did not J see Murk Dorriraai's look at her. But rbe , noticed that there was a panae, and before be spoke he laid one hand on hers, as a sort of prelude. 44 All Ineed say." he began irently, 44 is, that though ihs eridenco against Mr Gaunt is heavy, it would be almost impossible to prove tbe oise in a court of law, ami under the circumstances — as, thank Heaven, it is not a cae of murder — I have told Mr Ken- yon that ,ve should greatly prefer not to prosecute." 41 Then the only way to clear bim would be to find tbe real criminal "To find the real criminal, yes!" assented Mark Dorrisant drily. Valentine's color rose. "Pater!" she said impulsively, "yon mean most kindly, I know, but justice is better than kindness. Don't let this charge be withdrawn. They say that my evidence weighs heavily against Mr Gaunt, and 1 know that that evidence means absolutely nothing ! If the case is properly tried the truth must come out, and Mr Gaunt will be cleared. Don't .'et injustice be done !" t>he was facing him bravely, with unshrink ing eyes lookiug straight into hi face. It was for justice, ?he was saying to herself. Mark Dorrisant looked at her keenly for a moment, and then a shade of pain settled upon bis face. 41 Queen Vol," be said gently, 44 1 am sorry that there should be one subject on which we think differently. It is time to start." By tbe evening it was known all over Yempleoombe the charge against Kenneth Gaunt had been dismissed by the magistrate. The stain against bis name w&e; in no wise eradicated ; the mystery was in no wira cleared up. As f&r; as Templecombe and the countryside went, nenneth Gaunt was a dis graced mac. CHAPTER XI. — The Ixjushce. "You're coming to live in London, too, Y&lr; Oh, how jolly ! Don't make it miles away from Pater and me, will yon r" "You are a silly boy, Geoff !" 44 1 don't see that ! Tell me why, or I'll throw off all these rags you've put on me." 44 And prove it conclusively." Valentine laughed. She was sitting on the end of a sofa in her morning-room, on which sofa Geoffrey Cary was lying. The room was very bright and sunny ; about all the inani mate things there wbs a sort of reflex festival air, which curiously enough seemed to emanate, in tho first place, from the thin, white-faced figure on the sofa. This was tbe able to leave his room. Mrs Cerryl v/as established in a large wicker chair near the window, on Geoffrey's right-hand eide. She seemed always to gravitate towards large chairs, as if impelled by a sense of the shelter they might possibly afford to her. mentally and phyeicully, by screening her from the world. In her hands was a new strip of tne l&ce; she was always working: she looked lifce a little automaton which had never altered its action rnoce the long-ago day when Valentine had first spoken to her of Mr Dorrisant. New people, a new atmosphere, startling and terrible incidents, all seemed to come and go croond that placid, weak tittle soul, without approach ing it. On Valentine's lap lay a book, from which she had been reading aloud nntii tbe clock struck twelve, when she had laid it down, aud dec la ied that Geoffrey was to be left alone, and to proceed instantly to take an hour's sleep before lnncbeon. But before she could rise to put the first part of this mandate into effect, Geoffrey had assailed her with half -a dozen questions, to which he required instant answers. Of these she bftd supplied several ; and she rose now quickly, and stood over is & menacing attitude, though a smile trembled xound her lips. "You're verr silly," she said, 41 from every point of view.' She bent down and tucked the rugs round him with a gentle lorce. 44 What I meant was thi< : of course I don't tnean to he separated from you or Pater, yon goose! - Ana ddw I'm going; and if you don't do as I with and go to sleep this moment, von can't be taken to Ventnor oil Thursday/' Geoffrey turned au imploring face to the wioker chair, with the evident intention of appealing to its oocupant ' Bnt Valentine was too quiok £or tin. \- J4No, sh© eaid promptly, "Marion is neither going to sympathise with yon nor to stay: with you. \ - Come, Matton/ she added, and as Mrs Carry), slowly awakened to the fact that Valentine was going, emferged from her chair, Valentine, with a smiling nod to Geoffrey, remorselessly left him to himeclf. ; Only a week had passed sinoe the day when ( the charge against Kenneth Gaunt had been finally dismissed. Bnt very marked effects | had been produced in that time. Geoffrey himself had made large strides towards re covery, and the rapidity with which hie con- ; valcssence drew on engendered a correspond ing rapidity in the maturing of plans for the future. | In ten days more the whole party — Valen tino, Mrs C&rryl;, Mark Dorrisant aud Geoffrey — were to go to Ventnor, for the ohange of air ordered for the letter ; and Templeoombo was to be shut up for an in definite period. Valentine had announced a 1 determination which took no one by surprise. She intended, she said, to take a house in London, and spend the winter there. Before she finally settled this, another arrangement was entered into, not without some demur on Mark Dorrisant's part. It - was, in her eyes, the most important pari of Valentine's plan, that he and Geoffrey Cary shonld live with her during the process of establishing the latter in London. Hark Dorrisant had rally intended, he said, to take for himself and the boy a set of chambers ; and ho wonld not hear of any Atliaf iirtn-r . nnlMa VnlmtiliA Itirrftwl that tJlP establishment Bhe wished to set up should be a joint household in deed as well as in same. But when Valentine had been bronght to consent to this stipulation, he yielded with a grace only enhanced by his previous hesita tion. The change in Geoffrey, the stir and ex hilaration consequent on the anticipation of other changes to come, cleared away all heaviness of oppression in tbe atmosphere of the house, aud brought about a reaction of cheerfulness. In the village, too, the excite ment was passing: away. The only definite result of tbe whole affair was the fact that Kenneth Gaunt had his lite to begin anew with a millstone round his neck, and this fact was entirely undistnrbiag to the public mind. Only to Valentine the reaction seemrd to come nuher forcedly, and to ring a little falsely when it came. Sbe was outwardly sweet and bright as ever; tender aud affectionate with boih Geoffrey and her stepfather. But her eyes were too bright; her okeekfi were too pink ; her voice always too excited. She turned to Mrs Carry! now as she shut the door of Geoffrey's room, aud the laugh died from her face. 41 Come into my room, Marion," She said iu a low, imperious tone, so strikingly dis similar io the gaiety with which sbe had p ikeu iu tbo same breath as to be almost startling. "Iwaut to fueak to you.'' She led the way, and as Mr Carryl followed her into lior room, she signed to her to shut the door. 4 Marion," the began, confronting the little woman, with something suggestive of deflauce in her spirited psse, " 1 want you to drive to tbe Grange with Mr Dorrisant tbiB afternoon. Mr Gaunt is coming to s«e me on business, and I — of course, there must be no chance of their meeting." "Mr Gaunt," ejaculated Mrs Carryl blankly. 44 Oh, Valentine—" Valentine struck her foot impatiently on tbe ground. 44 Marion," she said, 41 1 have told you already that I consider Mr Gaunt ha:> been unjustly fronted. I do uotfor one moment believe that be did what be whs accused of doin<?; yon know that very well." Mrs Carryl assented with deprecating haste, ana added feebly: 44 Lvoryfcody belitvw he did it. Mr Dorri sant " " I know,' '' interrupted Valentine quickly, ond a. Iieavj' shadow pasd ecrces btr face. 44 We ueeri not talk about it, .Manon. I would not burt niy stepfather for tho world. l)oo't 1 know what Geoffrey is to him, and how he in us i fed ? She broke oli, and her face quivered : but apparently t-kt? was afraid of herself and her emotions, for she took refuge in an access of jmperious&ess;, which was somewhat at variance with the nervous movement of her fingers. 44 So you sec. Morion," she said, " though I think it only just to fee Mr Gaunt, and wind up the business of tbe estate with him in person, I do not wish the fact to be forced upon Mr Don is ant." 44 No, of course not," said Mrs Carryl meekly. 44 It's rather awkward for you, isn't it, Valentine >" Valentine did not answer. She turned away, and walkiog slowly to the window, stood there looking out in silenee. Mrs Carryl waited timidly. Then finding that Valentine did not speak, she &s; timidly with drew. At last Valentine turned sharply. 44 One must be just," she said under her breath in a strange, defiant tone- " It is the injustice that i6 so horrible — that I can- cot bear." Hoc eyes were ehiuing and gleaming, and her lips trembled a little. They were trembling again, And her eyes looked out dark and dilated from a pale face, when, on a summons from the footman that afternoon, she went downstairs to the library. She laid her band on the lock and paused for a moment as if involuntarily. Her breath watt coming quickly. Then, setting her lips, she opened the door. 44 1 am very glad to see you, Mr Gannt," ebe said, holding out her hand with grave dignity. But as toe figure waiting for her advanced to meet her, aud the light fell full upon his face, her lips closed again with & contraction of the muscles which Kenneth saw and misinterpreted. He did not know how nearly a horrified exclamation had broken from those proudly carved lips. Kenneth Gaunt looked ten years older than he had looked when tbey had last etood facta to face in that room. It was not only that he was thin and worn ; it was not only that there were lines about his mouth and eyes. All the fire, ail the eager youth and enthusiasm seemed to have been, for the time at least, overwhelmed and stamped ont. His eyes had lost theirspirit ; there was a strange expression in them in which bewilderment and wilfulness were oddly blended, and which hardly harmonised with the resolute endurance into which the rest of his features were composed. To Kenneth the events of the past few weeks had meant much more, even, tb&u; they must inevitably have me&ut; for any man. They had meant a rough about himself and his relations with hie neighbors. With a hot temper and a high spirit on which no softening influence of home had ever been brought tc bear, Kenneth Gaunt had gone through life so far in a rough-end- ready, high- banded fashion. The world had been a combination of playground aud battle field for him ever since be had first been tumbled into it — a jolly little motherless fellow of seven, turned adrift in a public school. Like many another fiery, impetuous person, his faults were &U; on the cur- face ; all tbe harm that was in him oame out. But he uever realised that few people stop to consider what lies below the surface, and that no amount of integrity or warm-heartedness can wholly counteract the effect of a hot temper and u tongue regardless of conse quences. He had been vaguely conscious of hie lmpetnosity and self-assertiveness ; but he bad looked upon tbem as faults easily condoned, and at tbe bottom of his heart there lurked an unoonscious estimate of him self as a "good sort of fellow." To find himself seriously accused of a dastardly crime ; to find that nine-tenths of the people among whom be had lived for four years found nothing preposterous and incredible in such a charge in connection with bun, bad been a riiock to bim under which the founda tions of bis world seemed to give way. Aud the effect upou him of the blow was a testi mony to tbe real good that lay beneath tbe sur- face. Instead of raging at circumstances and people, he "looted at home," as the saying goes, sobered end tamed. During those long weeks of suspense as he went about in bitter loneliness, he bad come slowly and painfully to a clearer and humbler perception on many points. If, at toe end, the true criminal had been diecovered and his inno-' oesoe established beyond a doubt, too impress made by those weeks weuld still hare remained. As it was, eooial shipwreck seemed only the natural rcmU ef the tem porary shipwreck of all ideas. fie shook'baude with Valentine now very quietly ; waited while Bhe moved on to the big chair at the writing-table, and then sat down opposite her. They had eat so, often and often, dismissing hueixicHS details ; they had thwarted and opposed one another, so, over and over again. There was a moment's silence, and then Kenneth unfolded the papers lie had brought with him in a grave, baeiness-like manner. For nearly half au hour t&ere; was no sound in the library but the sound of their rustle, the rise and fall of hie voice, and her brief responses. For nearly half an hour they sat one on either side of toe table, and her eyes rested on her clasped hands, or met hia for an instant as ho looked up at her to be sure that he was making himself clear. Valentine grew whiter aud whiter, and when the last paper was put aside and he lifted his head for toe lost time, she leant baok iu het chair, aud a short breath parted her lips- Kenneth glanced at her quickly. His face was flushed, and hia baud was clenched as though it might have trembled had he allowed the muscles to relax. "There is only one thing bow," he said, 44 toe contracts, estimates and so forth, for the cottages. Here they are." He put his hand into his pocket as he spoke, and drew out au envelope, which he handed to her. 44 You will see I have written in all and added in a lower voice : 4 4 1 did not expect to have & personal interview with you until I got your note." 4 There was no reason against it," said Valentine, her eyes fixed steadily on the blotting-pad before her. " I do not believe — what has been Bald." 44 1 can't thank you." The words were low and broken, and they were succeeded by a moment's pause. | Valentine's hands were clasped tightly to gether. At last she said : 44 You are going away to- morrow." 44 Yes, "he answered heavily. " Will you tell me what you are going to do?" He lifted his head wearily and looked away. 44I don't know," he said. 44 It doesn't matter muoh." "Oh. don't say that." The words came from Valentine agflinst her will, Apparently, and a he turned to her as if surprised, with a light in his eys, she went on quickly : " Injustice is tuoh h horrible thing : it is a thing I ruiuot bear. And it is so dreadful to think of a man's life being spoilt bccauee of it. Some day the truth will come out. It mu-t. I'm sure it must." Re smiled faintly, and the light died out of his eye.". 44 It is not the injustice," he said simply. 41 Not altogether, at least.' There was another silence, broken this time by Kenneth. Ho roio. " 1 need not keep you any longer," ho said. 44 Only — there is one thing. I want to apologise for all the times I've be haved like a cad. If,'' be hesitated, and then continued hurriedly, 44 if I could apologiae to Mr Dorrisant and Mr Cary 1 wonld do so. Ah that is not possible, I apologise to you for mv conduct to tbem. Why you should believe in me after all that has Mine and gone, I don't know. It only ehows— what you are." She had risen quickly as be spoke, and now sbe put out her hand impubively as if to stop him. He accepted the gesture as his dismissal. "Good-bye," he said, simply. 44 I am very grateful to you for seeing ine." 44 Good-bye," too answered coldly. lie dropped her hand und turned away to the door: opened it, his face set and white, and closed it behind him. And then, as Valentine had dono only a little earlier, he E&used; on the threshold. He let. his fore- ead fall on his douched hand, aud a great bob shook him from head to foot. 44 It' nil over," he muttered to himself. 44 It's all ever, aud I shall never see her again." And on tLe other side of tbe heavy doer Valentine, hernrms resting ou the table and liar face buried inthern, was saying to her self over and over again 44 It is the injustice I It is the injus tice !" CHAITEH Nil, — 44 Mv Or Futexd." It was a frosty December morning, and Rotten Tlow presented a very cheery spec tacle. Tho sun was shining ; the air was crisp and fresh, and a sense of exhilaration seemed to be all-pervading among riders and horres alike. And not one of the riders was enjoying hiraeelf or bereelf more thoronghly and openly thim Geoffrey Cary as he galloped along at Valentine's side, laughing and talking in headlong, inconsequent boyish fashion, catching up her merry answers and retorting on them again, until at last she reined in her borce to a walk, and turned with a laucbing appeal to Dorris&nt.; 41 Will you kindly forbid Geoff, Pater r" she raid. 44 1 will not have him flirting with Hi&s; Jjorraine iu my hou»e ot at my party. Geoff, too shall just go to bed before the party bejrins to-night !" There was a flush on Valentine's cheeks, brought thore by the air and the exercise : her eyef were sparkling. She never toowed to better advantage than on horseback, and it was not wonderful that more than one passer by turned to look at the trio. Nearly four months bad passed since Templecombe bad been left empty, aud for two of those four months Valentine had been established in a house in Jiruton street ; and with her, as had been arranged, were established Murk Dorrisant aud Geoffrey Cary. During there two zncn'hs 44 the Up- family," as Geoffrey called it, had settled itself down in the pleasant London house, to a'pleas&nt; London life. Mark Dorruant had told Valentine that it was part of his plan for Geoffrey that the boy should see something of London society. It was a bad time of year for the purpose, but the many people who had known Valentine'? aunt were ready to welcome Valentine; and Valentine's relations or friends were instantly welcomed for her sake. But it was not long before both Mark Dorrisant and Geoffrey Cary were welcome for their own sakes ; and the presence of the attractive trio made by the ,4 step-family" became a feature of every gathering, ''smart 'oriaforiLal, that enlivened tbe foggy November days. jut! auuofipuere ox ti;c oouse in JJruton street was cue of constant gaiety aud high spirits. Geoffrey enjoyed life with un flagging zest end energy; Mark Dorrisant, apparently well satisfied, was alwajs ready- to promote pleasant schemes. Ab to Valen tine here ell, sbe ua the queen cf the house, and toe reigned with a characteristic variableness. She turned to her step-father more and more, with that generous con fidence which Is only possible to such a character, tihe played with end tyrannised over Geoffrey, her own youth exhilarated by the championtoip of tho youth at which she laughed in bim. Tho shadow of the nearly accomplished tragedy that bad darkened their life at Templecombo faded away in this new atmosphere as completely as if it had never existed. Perhaps an added excitement was given to theee months by a sense that the life they brouffht was only preliminary. Geoffrey's majority was to come about in February, and there was a tacit understanding that it would bring with it some as yet indefinite change. Everything, all plans and arrangements, led up to the twelfth of February, and there stopped short. Geoffrey's majority might prove tbe threshold of a state of things pleasanter even than the present, by reason of greater permanence ; bnt it was a threshold, and at present the door was closed. Geoffrey himself talked little about his future life ; only a word let fall now aud then in con fidential moments with Valentine showed that a sense of responsibility was alive and grow ing beneath his boyish light-heartcdness. And yet, in spite of her gaiety and bright ness, even now as she walked her horse between Maxk Dorrisant and Geoffrey, there was something about Valentine's face that made it strangely different, from the feoe of the girl who had .reigned alone At Temple- oombe nine months before, li was diffioult tbaay what the change was, or where it lay. It would have been b aril to say that she looked older, andyetthat was the definition to which tbe difference mos readily aooommodahd I itself. Searching from feature to feature J the change might have been disocverodin the| eyes. For all their light and sparkle there was Something in their depths which never altered; something which maoes the differ ence between a woman's eyes and a child's. Mrs Carryl had a vague conviction that Valentine had grown strangely uncertain, not only in her ways, but in her temper ; and that she was surely more wilful and imperious than she had been before. 44 tVhy did you ask Miss Lorraine P" said Mark Dorrisant, with a smile. ' 1 Geoff's heart is not a mill-stone, Queen Val." Bhe echoed his laugh merrily, and then said: 41 We'll have one more canter, and then I most go in. I want to see that the flowers are all right." 44 You want to go aud gloat over that swell frook of yours," returned Geoffrey, with a laugh, as he touched his horse lightly with hu whip. The party in question was a large dance which Valentine was giving that same night, the prospeot of which baa greatly excited Geoffrey. And his excitement was shared, though in different fashion, by Valentine. She had given no entertainment hitherto on so large a scale, and the exhilaration of her manner this morning was due to some extent to her anticipation of the evening. (TO BE CONTBTCED,) wmmx - 