' A QUEER BLOCKADE RUNNER. 'AN OLD SAILOR'S YARN. [By W. J. Henderson.] The old sailor wa3 sitting on tne ena 01 tns oier, gazing'oub to sea according to his custom. The two boys were approaching him, burning with a desire to hear one more of his wonderful stories. He was unaware of their approaee, and was lost in contemplation of tne beautiful scene spread oub before him. There was a good wholesome breeze from the south, and vessels bound in were making the water fly around their bows in clouds of smoaehae spray. High, wall-sided three-masted schooners were march ing alon" wing aud wing, looking as proud and stiff as militia colonels on review, while a httie fa-tber out a magnificent four-masted ship, . with double tops and skysails was gliding oa with the easy dignity of an old major-generaf of regulars watching the volunteers. Tne 1 vessels bound to the soutnward, on the other hand were all on a taut bowline, some on tne port 'and some on the starboard tack, but all Eeeled far over, and fussing through the choppy seas ab a great pace. 1 at out on the sharply outlined bonm t I four-masted Havana steamer was cu"m£ her way through the foaming ridges at w I Kood fourteen-knot gait. Bait way -between 1 rer and the shore was the most interesting sf4t oF all-the Hoith Atlantic squadron oi the haw, or a part of it, moving majestically along £ 'ten knots an hour towards Hew York. Tire Philadelphia, rolling uneasily as is her wontrwafat the 'head of the fleet hying the admiral's flag; the stanch and threatening SZTtSJ^&l; tben came the' ^sque monitor Miantonomoh; and last of all the trim dvnamite eraser Vesuvius. dt was uDon tiii- handsome fleet that the old sailor s gaze was fastened when the boys went up and bid bim sood-mornihg. ,, , -, " Good mor.-mi' to you, my lads, he savd. " A_n' wot might you 6 pose that to be. tie pointed at the sailing ship. "A four-masted ship," answered both the b0'5* An'w'en a ship has four masts instead o' three, w'ioh is aecordinV to nature, wot Q yc call the last mast o1 the fouri " Wtfw'good, too- Ah' wot d' ye call that) out vender?'' He pointed to the steamer. "Why," said Henry, " that s a steamer, of C°" Of "course, says you. ^ But where d'yo s'pose she might be bound " Charleston ?" "Savannah?" ' " Not so werry good,' said the Old Sailor, after indulging in one of bis qtW" "That's guessin', an' guessm ambknowin. Thac steamer are bound fur ^Havana, an sue ain't bound fur nowhere else. "But how can you tell chat? asked Henry. '' I knows it by her build. She s a Morgan , "Oh, I see!" exclaimed Henry. lhere are war-ahip3." " Were you ever a sailor on a war-amp. . ' "My son, I were. There ain't no kind o hooker trayversin' the great deep wot 3 •ain't served oil somehow an' somewhere. " Did you ever fire a cannon ? . , T "Yes, an' also the , cannoneer. An lye been in fights, too: but none o em warn d nothin' alongside^ o' the fun we had- with blockade-runuers." " What are they ?" . , "Waal, you see it'a like this. A seaporb town depends putty .largely on ^esf supplies. Now durin' the war afleet o Jjuited States wesseis would lie off the harbor o Confederate town, an' stop every craft wot tried to get in or out. The blockade runnera was fast steamers wot made id toeir business to slip tiirough the fleet an' git in witn supplies. "Yes," answered Henry. "It must have been mighty dangerous work." , " Waal, geueraliy it were. Cos w y, no matter now keerfui they might ha ^about paintiu' their ships lead-color an' runnm m on thick nights sometimes we was bound to ^see 'em, an' then the way we'd let loose on to em with our great guns was a sight fur blind mice. I tell you. they mu3b a' been mighty plucky fellers to run in through such, fire as we give 'em sometimes; but they done it, toey dia that is, they all done it 'ceptin' one, an he run the blockade by stay"in' outside. " Ob, how was that.?" asked Henry. "Waal, the incidents o' this 'ere yarn wot I'm a-goin' fur to fell you took place uythe summer o' 1803, w'en a bloekadm fleet o no less'n 30 Union wesseis was a lym at anchor outside o' Charleston. I war a-sarvin aboard the George Washington, which the same she war a old-fashioned, brig-rigged side-wheeler, an' carried six Sin. Dahlgren guns. We was a-Iayin' on the outside o' the whole fleet, C03 we was considered werry fast, an it were our business fur to chase auy wessel wot go. past the rest o' the fleet comin' out. One afternoon I war on lookout at the masthead an I sees a light thin smoke-away down on the southern iiorizun. bo I out, * breamer, ho ! An. the ossifer o' the deck says he to nie, savs he, ' Were away ?' ' Three points off the port bow,' says I to him, says I, just like that. 'Keep your eye on her,'says he. An that a wot I war a doia' of all the time; but didn't say nothin' 'ceptin', ' Aye, aye, sir, co3 it aren't considered perlite to sav werry much to the ossifer of the deck. This ere steamer she come right along, an' soon 1 mane her out to be a fast side-wheeler, hut arm weren't painted no lead-color. Theossifer o the deck called the cap'n, an' he ordered, tne crew to quarters." . " What is that ?" asked Henry. ' "W'en you go to quarters you Ret every thing ready fur to fight," continued the Old Sailor. "But, bless me, if this ere steamer didn't stop just out o' range an lay a-rollin on the swell. Then we got a signal from the command in' ossifer o' our squadron to chase her. You eee there warn t no doubt now but she war a blockade-runner, pnt we, could n t see what she meant by runnin right up to us m daytime. Waal, we hove up the anchor au' started, but Hess you! she just run away',from us. But that warn t the wust on'o. W'en we turned around to comeback, so did she, keepin out o range nil the time. We turned around an abased heravain but as soon as we started back sc did she Waal, would you believe it, we kept that up till dark, an' then there she war a-lyin' just out o' rang6 o the whole beet.. The Old Sailor looked around the horizon, indulged in a quiet laugh, and went on tb"By order o' the squadron commander all lookouts were doubled, an' we etood by to give that there wessel rats if she tried to run in. But w'en the day broke there she war a-lyin' in the eame 9pot. We got up the George Washington's anchor an' gave chase. Bless you, it were the same business all oyer again. She'd run away an' couie back w'en we did, an' at nightfall the next night there she war still. The next night war a clear moonlight one, an' we knowed she couldn't get in. Still we watch close. About two bells in the fust watch, which the same, that ia 9 p.m., I seed a queer lookin' craft comin' out. It war low and flat, an' didn't have no masts nor no smoke stack. All the same it war a goin' along at a ten-knob gaib. I tell you wot, boys, it give us sailor-men the shivers, fur it look edzackly like a ghost of a wrecked ship: an' that's wot we thought it war. 'No good o' firm' at that thing,' said Bete Martin ; ' our shots'd go through them sides an' never hit nothin' ab al.' All the same the captain give orders to let her have it, and we opened fire." " Did you hit ber ?" "Hit your grandmother's sneeze!" ex claimed the Old Sailor. "No, we didn't hit her. Pete Martin vowed he saw, one ball go straight through her, and it looked like a ball goin' through a cloud o' smoke. She went right on an'-fetched up alongside o' the curious steamer. There she staid all night, an' we could see 'em lowerin' away stuff .off the steamer into thi3 'ere canal-boat-looking craft. : The captain suid we'd sink her sure as she tried to run in. toward morniu' she started at the livelier kind o' a gait. Every one o' our weasels in range o' her opened up, an' there war noise enough to scare a boilermaker. One shot struok the water about a cable's length ahead o' the .queer oraft. Then there roee up a big " boilin' eloud o' spray right where the shot struok, an' the next thing we knowed that 'ere oraft jumped forward at aseventeen-knot gait, an' jist fairly flew into. the harbor. Pete Martin says he to me, says he, ' They've got old Davy Jones hitohed to her with a tow rope, and he's a-pullin' of her.' An' blow me fur pickles if it didn't look as if Pete war right." "The next mornin'," continued the Old Sailor, "the strange steamer went away, bub in a week she came baok, an' the same fun begins all over again. On the Beoond day, while we was a-watching the strange steamer, we seed a whale. It was a ouriouB thing that a whale should be around there, an' Pete Martin says he to me, says he, 'Thab whale smells a bhrasher." j " What is that?" asked Henry. "It are a kind o' shark," answered the Old Sailor, " wot fights by thrashin' with his tail. | I didn't say nothin', bub jesb kep' a-watohin'. That night we was ordered to man the boats ; an' try to board the ghost-boat w'en io war returning from the strange steamer. Sure enough it came out, rushin' along in the same old Bpooky sorb of a way, without no noise an' nosign o' steam or sail. There come putty nigh bein' a mutiny among the crew o' the George Washington, 'co3 we didn't want to board no sich wessel; but the osaifers was determined, an' so we stood by. While we was a-waitin' I heerd the whale blow, an' sure enough there he war, not more'n fifty yards away from us, lyin' quiet on the sea. Putty soon the ghosb boat started fur home, an' we got our cutlasses an' rewolwers ready for business. An' now comes the funny part." The Old Sailor paused a moment while the boys waited anxiously to hear the rest of his yarn. "Jest as the ghost-boat war bearin' down on us." he continued, "I Beed that whale give himBelf a shake an' go down. Then all on a suddent, about a cable's length ahead o' the ghost-boat, there began the liveliest sorb o' a scrimmage. The sea boiled an' the whale came a-shootin' out half his length. The next second another fish shot into the air an' come down on the water with the report o' a cannon. Plop, flop, bang, swash, swizzle! My, my ! You never seed such a row 1 An' the ghosb-boab come to a dead stop! Bang, bang! went the whale an' the other fish fur about five minutes 1 ' Give way 1' yells the ossifers. Bub bless you, nob a sailor-man j could move. We was all flabbergasted. Waal, the rumpus came to an end, an' wot do you think we seed?' "What?" "That there whale was deader 'n a door nail, an' right alongside o' him war layin' a thrasher, which the same war deader than another door nail. ' By the great horn spoon 1' says Pete Martin, just like that, ' they had bhat thrasher towin' that ghost-boat, an' ib ain't no ghost-boat at all.' An' in less 'n two minutes we was aboard the queer oraft, an' she war ours. Her cap'n war asittin' flat on the deok a-oryin: as if nis heart'd break. ' Oh dear, oh dear!' says he, 'my bhrasher is dead 1 my thrasher is dead 1 An' I loved him like he war my own child, w'oh the same he war, seein' thab I brought him up myself from the egg, an' taught him to fetch an' carry, an' to tow boats, an' to run the blockade. An' now he's gone, an' I shan't never be able to swindle the Yankees no more. Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear!' • "An' that," said the Old Sailor, rising with a very grave face, " are the end o' this yarn wot I'm a-tellin' you, an' ako of the thrasher wot run the blockade an' met a whale wot war out o' his Jatitood."— -Harper s Young People. 