THE STORY-TELLER. IN THE SEANCE ROOM. Br L. Galbbaith, Author of" The Case of Lady Lukes tan," and other Ghost Stories. ( Concluded.) The carriage stood at the door. Ill the drawing-ppom Mrs. Burke was waiting for her husband,' j'She h^d often waited for the doctor during the four years which had elapsed sinoe their marriage. loose four years bad seen to a great .extent the fulfilment of Burke's am bition. He had money. He was popular, sought after, an acknowledged leader of the new school of philosophy, an authority on psychio phenomena, and the idol of the "smart" women who played with the fashion able theories and talked glibly on subjects the very A B 0 of whioh was far beyond their feeble comprehension. Socially Dr. Burke was an immense success. If, as a husband, he fell Bhort of Elma'a expectations, she never admitted the faot. She made an admirable wife, interesting herself in his studies, and assisting him materially in his literary work. Outwardly they were a devoted couple. The world knew nothing of the indefinable barrier whioh held husband and wife apart; of a oertain vague distrust whioh had crept into the woman's heart, bred of a# instinctive feeling that her husband was not wl^pt be seemed to be. Something, she knew not what, lay between them. Her quick perceptions told her that he was always acting a part. She held in her hand a little sheaf of papers, notes that she had prepared for him on the series of stances, which for a month past had been the talk of the town. A medium of extraordinary power had flashed like a meteor into the firmament of London sooiety. Phenomena of the most start ling kind had baffled alike the explanations of both soientist and occulist. Spiritualism was triumphant. A. test committee bad been formed, of whioh Dr. Burke was unanimously eleoted President, but so far the attempts to expose the alleged frauds had not been attended with any sudoosb. It was to Madame Delphine's house that the Burkes were going to-night. The sdanoe commenced at 10, and the hands of the clock already pointed to a quarter to that hour when the dootor hurried into the room. "Beady?" he said. "Dome along then. Where are the notes?" He glanced hastily through them as he went down ataira. " Falconer and I have been there all the afternoon,"he explained as they droveoff. "I had only just time to get something to eat at the Club before I dressed. We have taken the most elaborate precautions. If something cannot be proved to-night " He paused. " WeU ? she said anxiously. " Weshall be the laughing-stook of London," he concluded, emphatically. " What do you really think of it?" " Humbug, of oourse; but the difficulty is to prove it." '"Mrs. Thirlwall declares that tne fifth ap pearance last night wsb undoubtedly her hus band. I saw her to-day ; she was quite over come." " Mrs. Thirlwall is an hysterical fool." " But your theoiy admitted the possibility of materializing the intense mental " Burke leaned b&ok; in the carriage, laughing softy. " My dear ohild, I had to say something." "Valentine," she. oried, sorrowfully, "is there no truth in anything you say or write? Do you believe in nothing ?" . ' Certainly. I believe in matter and myself; also that the many fools exist for the benefit of a minority'.with braine. Wben I«eeMiy.neasan to alter my belief I enall not nesi'cate tb J<3o eh. If, for. instance, I am oonvinoednbat l see with my material eyesa person whom I know to be dead, I will become a oonverb to Spiritualism. But I Bhall never see it." . • The drawing-room was filled when they arrived at Madame. Delphine's. Seats had been kept for the dootor and hie wife. There waB a Bhort whispered consultation.between Burke and his colleagues, the usual warning from the medium that the audienoe must con form to tbe rules of the stance, and the busi ness of the evening Degan in the customary style. Musical instruments sounded in diffe rent parts of the room, light fingers touched the faoes of the sitters. Questions written on slips of paper, and plaoed .in a sealed cabinet received answers from tbe spirit world, which the en quirers admitted to be oorreot. The medium's assistant handed one of these blank slips to Burke, requesting him to fill it up. It struck the doctor that if he were to ask some question the answer to which he did not himself know, but could afterwards verify, he would guard against the possibility of playing into the bands of an adro t thought-reader. He accordingly wrote on the paper—"What was I doing this time four' years ago? Give the initials of my companions, if any." He had not tbe vaguest'idea as to where exactly he'had been on tbe. date in question, but a reference to the rough diary he always kept would verify or disprove the answer. The' folded slip . was sealed and plaoed in tbe cabinet. _ In due time the medium declared the replies were ready. The cabinet was opened, , 'and the slips, numbered in tbe order in whioh they had been given in, were returned to their owners. Burke noticed that there Were no fresh folds in bis paper, and the seal was of oourse un broken. He opened i>, and as his eye fell on the writing he gave a Blight start, and glanced sharply at .the medium.. Beneath his query was written in ink that was scarcely yet dry, "On Wednesday, November 17, 1885, you were at No 63, Abbey-road. I only was with you. You hypnotised me.—KG." The hand writing was that of Katharine Greaves. The dootor was staggered. In the multi plyed interests and distractions of his daily life he had completely forgotten the date of that tragic visit. He tried to recall the exaot day of the month and week. He remembered now that it was on a Wednesday, and thiB was Monday. Calculating the odd days for the leap year, 1888, that would bring it to Monday—Monday, the 17th. Four years ago to- night Kitty had been alive. She was dead now, and yet here before him was a paper written in her hand. He Bat staring at the .characters, lost in thought. The familiar writinig brought back with irresistible foroe tbe memory of. that pain ful interview. It suggested another and very serious danger. Burke did not believe for a moment that the answer tp his question had been dictated by the disembodied.ppirit of his viotim. He was racking his brains to discover how bis secret might possibly hays leaked ont, who this woman oould be who knew and traded on ber knowledge of that dark passage in his life whioh he hadf believed to be hidden from all the world. Was it merely a bow drawn at a venture, whioh had chanced to strike the one weak plaoe in his armour, or was it de liberately planned with a view to extorting money? . So deeply was he wrapped, in his refleotionB, that the manifestations went on around him unheeded.: The dark curtain which eoreened off a portion of the room divided, and a white-: robed child stepped out. It was instantly reoognised/by one of the, sitters-'* nervous, i highly-Rtrung woman, whose passionate en treaties that her dead darling would return to earth fairly harrowed the feelings of the listeners. Other manifestations followed. The audience were becoming greatly exoited. Burke sat indifferent to it all, his eyes fixed on the writing before him, till his wife touched htm gently. " What is the matter, Val?" she whispered, trying to read the paper over his shoulder. " Is your answer correct ?" He turned on her sharply, crushing the message in his hand. "No/' he said audibly, -'It is a gross imposture. There was no suoli person." " Hush." She laid a restraining hand on his arm. "Do not speak so loudly. That is a point in our favour, anyway. Mr. Falconer has proposed a fresh test. He has asked if a material object, something that had been lost atany time, you know, can be restored by the spirits. Madame returned a favourable answer. Mr. Falconer oould not think of any thing at the moment, but I bad a brilliant in spiration. I told him to ask for your diamond ring—the ring you lost when ydu tried to save that poor girl's life." Burke rose to his feet, then recolleoting him self, eat down again and tried tu pull himself together. There was nothing in it. If this Madame Delphine was really acquainted with the facts of his relations with Katharine Greaves she could not know its ghastly ter mination. He tried to reassure himself, but vainly. His nerve was deserting him, and his eyes roved vaoantly round the semi-darkened room as if in search of something. A sudden eilenoe had fallen on the audience. A oold ohill, like a draught of ioy air swept through the Beance chamber. Mrs. Burke Bhiverad from head to foot, and drew closer to her husband. Suddenly the stillness was broken by a shriek of horror. It issued from the lips of the medium, who, like a second Witoh of Endor, saw more than she expeoted, and orouohed terror-stricken in the chair to whioh she was secured by oo'rds adjusted by the test committee. The presence which had appeared before the block curtain was no white-olad denizen of "summerland," but a woman in dark, clinging garments—garments, to all appearance,, dripping with water—a woman with wide-opened, glasBy eyes fixed in an unalterable stony stare, it was aghastly sight. All the oonoentrated agony of a violent death was stamped on that awful face. ' Of the twenty people who looked upon it not one had power to move or speak. Slowly the terrible thing glided forward, hardly touohing the ground, one band out stretched, and on the open palm a small, glittering object—a diamond ring. It moved very slowly, and the second or so during whioh it traversed the spaoe between the curtain and the seats of the audienoe seemed hours to the man who knew for whom it oame. Valentme Burke eat rigid. He was oblivious of the pteBenoe of spectators, hardly bonscious of his own existence. Everything war swal lowed up in a suspense too agonising for wordB, the fearful expeotanoy of what was about to happen. Nearer and nearer " it" came. Now it was olose to him. He oould feel the deathly dampness of iw breath, those awful eyes were looking into his. The distorted lips parted formed a single word. Was it the voice of a guilty conscience, or did that word really ring through and through the room, "Murderer." For a full minute the agony lasted, then something fell with a sharp oliok on the carpet less floor. The Bound recalled the petrified audience to a consciousness of mundane things. They became aware that " it" was gone. They moved furtively, glanoed at eaoh other —at last, some one spoke. It was Mrs. Burke. She had vainly tried to attract her husband's attention, and now turned to Fplooner, who sat next to her. , Help me to get him away;" she said; ' The doctor alone had not stirred. . His eyes were fixed as though he' were still confronted by that unearthly presenoe. Some one had turned up the gas. Two of the committee were releasing the medium, who was half dead with fright. Falconer unfastened the door, and sent a servant whom he met in the hall for a hansom. Whenhereturnedtotheaeanceroomtbedootor was still in the same position. It was some moments before he oould be roused, buo when once they succeeded in their efforts Burke's senses Beemed to return. He rose directly and prepared to accompany hia wife. As they quitted their seats Falooner's eyes fell on the diamond ring, which lay unnotioed on the ground. He was going to pick it up, but some one caught bis band and stopped him. "Leave it alone," said Mrs. Burke, in a horrified whisper. " For God's sake, don't touch it!" Husband and wife drove borne in eilenoe. Silently the dootor dismissed the oab and opened the ball door. The gas was burning brightly in the study. The servant had left on the side-table a tray with sandwiches, wine, and spirits. .Burke poured out some brandy and tossed it off neat. His face was still rather white, otherwise he had quite reoovered his usual composure. Mrs. Burke loosened her oloak and dropped wearily into a ohair by the fire. A hopeless deapondenoy was visible in every line of her attitude. Once or twioe the dootor looked at her, and opened hia lip to' speak. Then he thought better of it, ana kept 'silence. Half an hour passed in thiB way. At last Burke lighted a candle and left the room. When he returned he cairied in his band a Bmall bottle. He had completely regained his self-possession as he oame over to his wife and eotutinized her troubled face. " Have some wine," he aaid, " and then you had better go to bed. You look thoroughly done up!" " What is that?" She pointed to the bottle in bis band. "A sleeping draught. Merely a little morphia and bromide. I should advise you to take one too. Frankly, to-mght's performance was enough to try the strongest nerveB, Mine require steadying by a good night's rest, and I do not intend risking an attack of in somnia !" Sherose suddenly from her ohair and olasped her hands on hia arm.' "Val,"she oried, piteously, "don't try to deceive me. Dear, I can bear anything if you will only truBt me, and tell me the truth. What is this thing which stands between us? What was the meaning of thai awful sight?" ' For a moment he hesitated ; then he pulled himself togetherand answered lightly— " My dear girl, you are unnerved, and I do not wonder at it. Let us forget it." " I cannot, I oannot,"she interrupted wildly. " I must know what it meant. I have always . felt there was something. Valentine, I beseech you, by everything you hold saored, toll me the truth now before it is too late. I could forgive you almost—almost anything, if you will toll me bravely; but do not leave me to find it out for myself." " You will uofe trust me i " I tell you there is nothing." " That u your final answer!" " Yes." Without a word she left the room and went upstairs. Burke soon followed her. His nerves had been snffidtently shaken to make solitude undesirable. He smoked a oigar in his dressing - room, and took ' the sleeping «i~ught before going to bed.' The effeo*«ai the opiate lasted for several bouts. It i broad daylight when the doctor awoke. He felt weak and rued up, and his head was splitting. He lay for a short time in that drowsy condition which ie the border-land between sleeping and waking. Then be became oonspioas that his wife was not in the room. He looked at his watch, and saw that it was half- past 9. He waited a few minutes, ex[iecting her to return, but she did not come. Presently he got up and drew back the window curtains. As the full light Btreamed in, he was struck by a oertain change in the appearance of the room. At first ho was uncertain in what the change consisted, but gradually he realised that it lay in the absence of the usual feminine impedimenta. The dressing-table was'shorn of its silver toilet accessories. One or two drawers were open and emptied of their con tents. The writing-table was cleared, and bis wife's dressing-case had disappeared from its usual place. Burke's first impulse was to ring for a servant and make enquiries, but as be stretched out his hand to the bell his eyes fell on a letter, conspicuously placed on the centre of a small table. It was addressed in Elma'e handwriting. From that moment Burke knew that something bad happened, and be was pre pared for the worst. The letter was not long. It was written finnly, though pale blue stains here and there indicated where the wet ink had been eplashed by falling tears. " When you read this," she wrote, " I shall have left you for ever. The only reparation in your power ie to refrain from any attempt to follow me; indeed, you will hardly desire to do bo, when I tell you that I know all. I eaid last night 1 could not endure the torture of un certainty. My fears were eo terrible that I felt I must know the truth or die. I implored you to trust me. You put mo off with a lie. Was I to blame if I used against you a power which you yourself had taught me! In the last four hours I have heard from your own lips the whole story of Katberine Greaves. Even detail of that horrible tragedy you con fessed unconsciously in.your sleep, and I who loved you—Heaven knows how dearly 1—have to endnre the agony of knowing my husband to be a murderer, and that my wretched for tune supplied the motive for the orime Thank God that-1 have no child to hearths curse of your sin, to. inherit its father's nature! I hardly know what I am writing. The very ground seems to he cutaway from under try feet. On every tide I can see nothing but densest darknesa. and the only thing that is left to ub is death.—Your wretched wife, E^ma." From the moment he opened the letter, liurke's derision was made. He possessed the exact admixture of physical courage and moral cowardice which induces a man worsted in the battle of life to end the conflict by removing himself from the arena. He bad taken the beBt of the worldb gifts, and there was nothing left worth having. - Hie belief in a future life was too vague to cause him any uneasiness, and physi cally fear was a word he did not understand. He quietly lighted his wife's letter with a match and threw it into the firelesa grate. He smoked a cigarette white he watched it burn, and carefully hid the charred ashes among the cinders. Then he. fetched from his dreBsing room a small polished box, unlocked it,.and took ont the revolver. It was loaded in all tix chambers. Barke leisurely finished his oigarette, and tossed the end away. He never hesitated a moment. He had no regret for the life he was leaving. As Elmahad said, there was only one thing left for him to do, and—he did it. 