THE DAY OF REST. THEOSOPHY. A sermon preached by the Rev. Alfred Rowland, LL B.» in Park Chapel, urouch EntLLondon " For there shall arise false Christ* and false pre* phetd, and shall show groat signs and wonders, that if St were possible they shall deceive the very elect."—Matthew xaiv, 24-20. Our Lord very seldom drew aside the veil which hid future events from His disciples. From the first He intended that they should walk humbly by faith in Him, and not with the self-confidence of men who knew what was coming on the earth. But every mow and then He gave them clear indications that the conflict between truth and error would be long continued, and that its periods of intensity would be recurrent. And this would continue until His second advent, when Antichrist would combine his forces, threatening the destruction of the Church; but in that hour of darkness the Lord would Himself appear, and destroy the wicked one by the brightness of His coming. Jolin and Paul teach this distinctly and emphatically, and they were inspired, we believe, by the Spirit which leads into all truth. It becomes cue followers of Jesus whrist, therefore, who are thus forewarned, to be vi„ilant, and to stand on guard while the adversaries of Jlis truth assail it, whether by open attack or by treachery. General warnings like this in my text are to be repeated from time to time as special calls, and in every age, with its changing conditions, we are to heed our Captain's words, i " What 1 say unto you 1 say nnto all—watch 1" ! Temptations to the sins of the flesh are much the | same in all countries and in all times; but the ; higher nature of man, being more complex than his body, lies open, therefore, to temptations far more variable, and these deioaud greater wariness. This is the mo:e needful because we are taught tliab in such con flicts we wrestle, not against flesh and blood, hut against principalities and powers aud the rulers of the darkness of the world. In other words, errors and sins are not dne to men alone, but to evil spirits, unseen but real, disbelieved in by materialistic philosophy, but becoming more mani fest in these latter days—not least in the resurrec tion of ancient Paganism in the form of modern theosophy. There are those who urge that such heresies should he left severely alone, that allusions to them should not be made in general and mixed congregations, that the simple Gospel should be preached in the belief that its supremacy is, and must be, beyond challenge—and there is no doubt that the staple of all religious teaching should be positive truth. We admit that there is danger of knowing just a little of some false system, yet not enough to see its peril or to refute its assertions, But in these days of general reading, and of willingness to welcome anything new because it is new, a Chris tian teacher is recreant to his trust, and fails to imitate the apostles whom Jesus Himself qualified and inspired, if he shuts his eyes and his ears to influences which are affecting young minds, espe cially through reading or lectures. No wise Chris tian will hide his head, ostrich-like, in the sand of ignorance. No true prophet, will raise the cry, " Peace, peace, when there is no peace," and between Christianity and theosophy there can be none. WHAT IS THEOSOPHY? It is not easy to put before this audience, in brief and simple form, the tenets of Theosophists, for they are couched in unfamiliar terms, and are in themselves abstruse. Theosophy professes to be a philosophy of life and a religious faith. The Greek word "Theosophy" signifies "the wisdom of the gods," and among the people who used that language the gods represented and personified the powers of nature. We may, therefore, take Theo sophy to mean " the wisdom of the secret powers of Mature." It professes to explain the origin of thiugs, the nature of man, and the means by which he may attain powers so great that the tempter's promise will he fulfilled, " Ye shall be as gods.' Its avowed objects are to form the nucleus of a universal brotherhood, to study the Aryan literature and religion, and to destroy Christianity. This last assertion will no duubt startle those who think that it may be held in conjunction with the Christian faith, and who derive their knowledge from lecturers of singular ability and unquestion able courtesy. It is, therefore, needful to quote a few lines from one of the standard works of theosophy, "lsis Unveiled." Speaking of the objects of the Society the writer says—"Later it has been determined to spread among the ' poor benighted' heathen such evidences as to the practical results of Christianity as will, at least, give both sides of the story to the communities among which missionaries are at work. "With this view it has established relations with Associations and individuals throughout the East, to whom it furnishes authenticated reports of the ecclesiastical crimes and misdemeanours, schisms and heresies, controversies and litigations, doctrinal differences, and Biblical criticisms and revisions, with which the Press of Christian Europe and America constantly teem. ... It may also in time have much to say about the conduct of the missionaries to those who contribute to their sup port." That is an unmistakable throwing down of the gauntlet to the Christian Church, and admits of no other interpretation than this— that the members of the Theosophical Society intend to ransack ecclesiastical history and to study modern social life in nominally Christian lands in order to discover the failings and sins of men who have not lived up to the standard their Master set before them, and this they will promul gate that they may raise prejudice among the heathen against the Christian religion, which most earnestly seeks to put these evils down in the Church as well as outside it. The sentence I read in itself warrants me in saying to you who think that Theosophy and Christianity may find agree ment in your minds, " They are mutally and avowedly hostile; if you are a Theosophist you have no right to call yourself a Christian " "What concord hath light with darkness, and what com munion hath Christ with Belial?" No doubt some of the elements mingled in this strange compound may be held or rejected without affecting religious faith. But these are not its essentials. Thought transference, telepathy, and the like may be believed in or rejected by any man, quite irrespective of his religion. Hence the prac tical test of the value of the system which was proffered to some of us not long since, that if we gave ourselves up to its investigation in concert with another we might, at the end of twelve mouths, be able to know the control mutually of each other's thoughts, though at a distance from each other, is no proof whatever of the truth or the falsity of Theosophy as a philosophical and religious system. It is a good many years ago since Shakspeare reminded men that there are more mysteries in heaven and earth than our philosophy e'er dreamed of. And the rise of other false systems in our day besides Theosophy is a sign that there is a revolt in the human mind agaiustthe materialism with which men too long sought to content themselves. The explanations of life proffered by the scientific spirit, which ignores all that is outside the limited range of its methods of research, and which rejects as incredible all that we call supernatural, are failing to satisfy those who are secretly conscious that they have capacities which far outreach the visible sphere, and that there lies before them a destiny which transcends anything that can be experienced in, or con: nected with, the present body. This revolt against an atheistic materialism we rejoice in, although the swing of the pendulum is carrying many into the dim shades of superstition. Indeed, the rise of Theosophy and kindred heresies presents a study of the human mind which is of intense and startling interest. For most of its leading spirits have accepted its most outrageous demands on human credulity, after refusing for many years to receive anything as true which conld not be demon strated and defined. From the glare of the electric light of modern science, which so dazzled them that they could not see the sun shining in heaven, they have rushed into the dim shades of mediaeval super stition, and even into the gross darkness of ancient Paganism. A REVIVAL OF PAGANISM. This leads me to say a few words upon the startling fact that Theosophy is really, and even avowedly, a revival of ancient Paganism. It pro fesses that there have been all through the ages some who have kept up the ancient wisdom, end it represents itself as a revival of the true philosophy, I displaced by the rise of which for a time was . ... . Christianity. The great pyramid in Egypt is' described in "The Perfect Way" as representing, both in character and duration, wn. various stages of the soul's history aa now set forth by Theosophy, so that in it may be traced her first emergence in matter -to her final triumphant release and return to spirit. And in that Pyramid, we are told, the old mysteries, now being revived, were at one period celebrated. It it no doubt a general opinion that ancient Paganism was a gross superstition, which could never have really deceived men of culture, even in earlier aces: and this idea has been due partly to the statements made by Cicero and others during the decadence of the Roman Empire, and of the re- ligious system then professed. One result of this misconception is that enlightened men at the close of this nineteenth century, in the pride of their in tellectual achievements. are ready to laugh to scorn the suggestion that there is any serious peril of modern thought reverting to that ancient wisdom to which St. Paul referred when he said, "The world by wisdom knew not God.' But as a matter of fact Paganism appealed suc cessfully to men who were as cultured as any who live in our own days, some of the most learned philosophers, the most gifted artists, the most pro found students of Nature, were thorough-going believers in Paganism, and were more than content with its teaching. Ancient Paganism did not fall because of any failure to satisfy the human intellect, but because it failed to meet man's moral wants, ana the world was yearning for a Saviour from sin and misery, and found Him in Jesus. It is a fre quent mistake to underrate the learning of the past. Most of it has perished, and only hints remain of scientific and philosophical lore, which, if it could be revived, would compete on more than equal terms with the boasted triumphs of our own day. Occultism is a revival of former systems of belief which satisfied men intellectually, and it is seeking to bring into line the armies or darkness against the Christ. who revealed a personal God, who taught the responsibility of each soul to Him, who proclaimed the heinousness of sin which He died to put away by the sacrifice of Himself, who, by His resurrection and ascension, opened not a series of incarnations to the imperfect, but a king dom of heaven to all believers. lt is a fatal mistake to underrate your foe. And under much that eeeins foolish and much manifest imposture there lurks the fundamental antagonism of Christ and Anti christ. While we are tending the Gospel to con front heathenism abroad in other forms heathenism is assailing us at home. THE DOCTRINES OF THEOSOPHY. Theosophy teaches that there is but one sub stance, therefore the substance of the soul, and therein of all things, and the substance of Deity are one and the same. Every monad (ultimate atom, or separable particle) of it, therefore possesses the potentialities of the whole. Of such a monad in i its original condition every individual soul consists. At first the monad is embodied in something material. It may be In a stone, and its earliest manifestation of consciousness may appear in obedience paid to laws of gravitation and chemical affinity. This, indeed, is said* to be the secret of the old mysterious story, which tells how Deucalion and Pyrrha, under the direction of Themis (Wisdom), produced men and women from stones, and so peopled tbe renewed earth. This, by the way, is an example of the connection already hinted at between this false religion and ancient Paganism. Thus started on its way, the monad Is said to progress through a series of lives, from the vege table to the animal, and from the animal to the human, then the life has many existences in the human form. A series of incarnations takes place, so that the same soul appears again and again in history, sometimes in conuitious of misery, some times of happiness, these being determined by what is called Karma, which means the results of the preceding life. Slowly but surely, by these succes- siveincarnations,it iaei to the supernatural. At last it exchanges " existence" for "being," from which it originally came; but -while absorbed or reunited to deity, it retains conscious individuality, and the full advantages of its experiences God, therefore, is not one, but multitudes. The One becomes many, instead of the many becoming one. Now this may stem to some of you an interesting but almost innocent speculation. Think it over, and you will perceive that it is nothing of the kind, but a heresy which distinctly challenges the doctrines of the religion we profess. Purification by successive incarnations absolutely precludes the for giveness of sins on repentance and taiih, and denies the atonement of our Lord. The condition in which we find ourselves during this earthly life is no longer the appointment of our loving Father in Heaven, to be accepted trustfully and cheerfully, but is the outcome of a past life we lived of which we have no memory, but the results of which must be endured with such stoicism as belief in fate may suggest The gracious and changeless God whom Jesus taught us to address as our Father in Heaven becomes a vague, impersonal (or shall I say many-personed?) Being, with no unity of thought or will, as deaf to our cries for help, and as dead to all that concerns us as the unseen ether in which the worlds are floating. Now I suppose it will be admitted that the funda mental theory here is the evolution of the soul by means of repeated incarnations, what is called in "The Perfect Way," the pre-existence and per fectibility "of the soul." This idea was familiar to aucient religions, and is to this day characteristic of Buddhism. It is natural, when confronted by such a staitling theory, that we should ask this question—"If I have existed for many centuries, it I have appeared and reappeared on earth in all sorts of conditions, sometimes as a poor man, sometimes rolling in wealth, sometimes in one lane, sometimes in another, how is it that I have not the slightest memory of any of these ' incidents, some of which must have impressed themselves vividly upon my consciousness?'* Well, the answer given in effect is this—Your soul does retain some memory of all those past ex periences, only at present your memory is too beclouded for you to perceive them. If only you live tbeappointed life you shall know of the doctr atd shall rise, not only to a knowledge of jour own past history, but of the history of the planet on which you live, which planet is itself a person, having consciousness and a medium of memory. " For," says the writer of " The Perfect Way," " there are actually ghosts of events, manes of past circumstances, shadows on the protoplasmic mirror, which can be evoked." Surely a curious and signi- ficant revival of tbe old and false theories of alche mists and astrologers, and more fitted for the credulity of ignorant servant- girls than for the acceptance of reasonable men. When we ask, What is the life we are to live in order to get hold of such powers? we find that not only such viands as flesh and alcohol are to be given up, but all family endearments and business responsibilities. And into our minds flash the words of an inspired Apostle:—" Now the Spirit speaketh expressly that in the latter times some snail depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils; speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their consciences seared with a hot iron; forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe, and know tbe truth." I have not attempted to describe, or even to enumerate, the numerous tenets of Theosophists, associated as they are with Buddhism, Spiritualism, Mysticism, and Pantheism. I have contented my self with allusion to what teems to be their central balief. which affects more than any other hnman life and destiny. It is not necessary to my purpose to speak of what they describe as the sevenfold nature of man, with its lower quarternary and higher tertiary—in other words, with four parts perishable and three permanent. The teach- ing about "the astral body," for example, in which it is said an initiate can pre sent himself at a distance, as if in spectral form, and can visit different parts of the earth, while the physical body is left behind—all this, and much mote, is carious rather then essential. If sucb powers are within reach, as modern theosophists, like mediaeval wizards, believe, then no doubt it would be desirable that a long course of solitary and self conquering training should be gone through, for otherwise the greatest crimes might be committed tmd all responsibility for them disavowed and ITS EVIDENCES. It Is more important that we should ask for the evidences of some of the stupendous doctrines set forth. And here we do not hesitate to say that, as compared with Christianity, Theosophy has no evidence worthy of credence. It as said that proof can only be given ultimately to those who accept certain doctrines as a working hypothesis; and the only basis for this demand on one's credulity is that Madame Blavatsky said that she received certain revelations from the Mahatmas, the undiscoverable Brothers or Masters in Thibet. In point of fact modern Theosophy stands or falls vrith Madame Blavatsty's character for honesty. " Either she was a messenger from the Mahatmas or she was a frand; and it a fraud the Theosophical Society would have had no existence." "All that we know of Theosophy comes from her." Those two sentences are not mine, but were written by Mrs. Besant, who has flung herself with characteristic impetuosity from the beetling crag of materialistic atheism Into the abyss of Pagan superstition. But her words are true enough. Well, some of yon know bow effectively the tricks of that impostor, Madame Blavatsky, were exposed by those who had acted in collusion with her for five years. The whole trickery of her " occult room," its sliding panel, and Its silt in the roof, through which letters, written-by Madame Blavatsky herself, were passed as coming from the Mahatmas In "Thibet, was ruthlessly ex posed, and letters, proved by expert* to be In her own handwriting, still remain to show that the Coulombs produced what she told them to prepare. Maskelyne and Cook have done more wonderful things than the Mahatmas, but have the honesty to say they are tricks. The report of Mr. Hodgson of Cambridge, who was sent out by the Psychical Society, and was prejudiced before be went in favour of strange Psychic powers, appears to me to put those evidences of the mysterious Mahatmas' powers out ot court absolutely; and with them goes the reputation of Madame Blavatsky for honesty and trustworthiness. Vet these so called wonders, which, If real, did no good to anybody, are accepted as true by men and women who for years have rejected and spurned our Gospels because they narrate miracles which brought comfort and hope to the sick and sad, and the narrators are men who could say to those who were around them, "These things were 'not done in a corner." Indeed, the contrast between the frankness and straightforwardness of the evangelists, and the messages of the " brothers" in Thibet, reminds one of words in which our Lord set forth the same contrast between Himself and His enemies—"I spake openly to the world; I ever taught in the Synagogue and in the Temple, whither the Jews always resort; and in secret have I said nothing." Brethren, truth is not ashamed to show itself in the light of day. It courts investigation. It demands not the living of a life which cuts men adrift for years from the duties and responsibilities of their time; it asks not trust in messages, said to come farm men whose very existence has no credible evidence, but it proffers a book which a child can read, and sets forth laws and promises which thesoul hungering after truth and righteous ness sorely needs for the doing of daily work and the bearing of daily burdens. 1 know that it is tha boast of Theosophists that fuller evidences and revelations will come to one who lives the appointed life, and that these are more valuable than the evidences of Christianity: i but it must be remembered that these are reserved tor initiates or adepts, and that all must begin by ! reposing faith in those who say they have had such ' experience. This, I say, is demanding not less hut ! more credulity than has been asked by those who teach the truth as it is in Jesus. ITS PRACTICAL EFFECTS. Again, what has Theosophy done for the world, which is weary with sin and woe, and stretching out J its hands blindly fora Saviour? Until Mrs. Besaut j joined the movement little was heard of its boasted idea of brotherhuod and mutual help; and thought fur the poor und miserable, whom Christ came to save, was conspicuous by its absence. The contrast between these systems appears In the miracles of the Gospels compared with the marvels of Theosophy. Jesus healed the sick; Madame Bla vatsky materialized cups and saucers. The Christ gave bread to the bnngry; the impostor showered roses on the rich. That faith reveals a b idy floating through the air in the dim light; this revealsa living Christ who was seen and talked with, and touched, and adored by old friends in broad daylight, after tie was risen from the dead. But it is said that, whatever Jesus did and was, His Church has done but little tor the world. Well, what did ancient Paganism do for the world during j all the centuries it had unquestioned pred'omi- 1 nance? Read the first chapter in the Epistle to the j Humans, read (if you can without pollution) the j descriptions of society given by Pagan writer* toem* I selves, see the few traces of that civilization which are still left (and thank God they are 1 but few) in Pompeii and elsewhere, and note the | bestial foulness of what would be called "good 1 society" in Rome, and you «ill have a glimpse into the utter corruption brought about by the very Paganism which some are trying to revive. Christianity has not done what it ought. True; but compare iis ideal of society with that, and you will know which is of God. And remember that Christianity has never yet had the unchallenged supremacy which Paganism enjoyed for centuries, when it tolerated without remorse slavery and misery and degradation such as the wond has never known since. For many a lung year Christianity was weak in numbers^ in power, and opportunity of every sort, and when it aid advance it was corrupted and weakened by Paganism, which seized and enslaved it, though the fetters were golden. In spite of all this Jesus of Nazareth, son of Mary, yet Son ol God, brought hone to the dying, power to the morally weak, deliverance to the captives, and purity to the de graded. And still the faith men have in Bim is the world's one hope. For it affords what Theosophy can never give — motive and inspiration to that life of self - sacrifice and self conquest which its votaries dream about. Hence, in spite of ignorance on one side and culture on the other, all the Theosophists the wide world over have not done, or even attempted, for the sinful and hopeless and degradrda tithe of what has been accomplished by the despised Salvation Army. The length of their existence as organizations has been about the same. Humanly speaking, the chances have been all on the bide of Theosophy in ability and money, yet look at the work of the one and compare it with tliAt of the other, and say which of these is of God. "Wherefore by their fruits you shall know them." CONCLUSION. Well, brethren, after a close study of this new gospel, which is not another, I give thanks once more to God that I have true glad tidings to preach. We have not followed cunningly devbed fables. We know whom we believe, and in Him we find pardon, peace, and a good hope through grace. Being conscious of sin, we rejoice that we can be freed from the burden and from tbe woe of it now and here, for pardon is proffered to us all, through tbe merits of Christ. And when Iheosophists tell us that atonement is a violation of ethic, we think of what we bear for our children, and give that statement the lie. When we are assured that forgiveness is at variance with law, from our own experience as forgiven men we answer. Not It is a change in ourselves, it is the institution of a new relauon betwren tbe wrong doer and the lawgiver, consonant with justice, and dictated by love. Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ is not belief in any assertion—it is the outgoing of the soul an reposeful love; it is living ossociati n with Jesus Christ, which leads to identity with Him; it is a spirit which animates us ai patriotism might do, so that with Paul we can say " the love of Christ constraintth us." X do not wonder that many a soul, weary of the hopelessness of atheibin, turns to Theosophy, which at least proclaims that spirit is more than matter; buc 1 cannot conceive ot one who has found Christianity to be a life, not a dead crced^ giving up what he has for what it proffers. Shall num berless incarnations for our development take the - place of Eardon through Divine grace and purification by livine power? 6hall absorption into an impersonal Deity be a substitute lor the personal enjoyment of blessednet-s in our Father's home for ever? Will the doctrine of Kama avail for men's contiol and re straint, iu theplace of that profound truth which Scripture and science alike proclaim, and which will have Us fulfilment for every man, here and hereafter. " Whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap?" Shall we give up prayer which ha* brought us comfort and guidance, whenever as .children we have spoken to our loving Father in heaven,, and exchange for it the assurance that God is infinitely diffused, impersonal, without heart to feel or power to help, so that the bitterest cry of a sin-sick soul is only breath wasted in a void of hopeless darkness? No. if you have but a living faith nurtured by God's Word, and inspired through habitual prayer, you need have no fear of this or of any other morbid belief, but you shall waik through the infected atmosphere with the buoyant health and hope of one redeemed and inspired, fc&tisfying; your longings and ennobling your life by the worship of a living, loving, personal God, revealed in Jesus Christ our | Lord. " It is the fashion now for wits to be Without a God, Except some force behind the things we see, Like neat, or light, or electricity; And one u odd, Among these oracles, who still believes In any God who thinks, or loves, or grieves. " Bat there's a spirit, deep in the heart's core. Of reverence. Which somehow will not bow down to adore The mightiest force in Nature; what is more, I nave a sense Ot being something greater far than those Blind makers of the world which science knows, " Worship I must, but may not worship aught Which I can bind And yoke to do me service, having caught The secret of its power, with wonder fraught. But without mind; And while I comprebend'it, I must be 1 Higher than that which comprehend? not me. "You do not need to worship? May be so; Y judge you hot. Only, they nay, the dog that does not know - A master like a savage wolf will grow, •. Having his lot,: ! - . 1 And is a sorry brute until he find 'A mightier will than lib, and nobler mind. 41 And th^s would he the hapless lot of men Without God's fear; Their homo would soon be as the wild bea t's den. All the fierce self-resuming s way again. And we should heir But cries of wrath or hunger from the crowd, Or paeans of self- worship riuging loud. * Save us from that self>worship! Poor, indeed, Is he who knows Nothiog more worthy than himself to lead His heart to purer thought and noblerdeed Thau ever rose From his self-contemplation, and to rouse The soul to prayer*, and hymns, and holy vows." 