CHILDREN'S COLUMN. AM ADVENTURE WITH AN ALBATROSS. [By A. Jones.] Captain Hart, of. the steamship Mariposa, sailing between San Francisoo and Australia, was formerly a wealthy young man, who went to sea because he loved life on the water. He was asked by a passenger on one of the Mari posa's trips to tell howne came to adopt a sea faring lite, and to relate -his most thrilling adventure. Here ia his story :— " I was 24 yean old when I left.Harvard, having graduated well up in my class. I had come into possession of the property left to me by my father in that year,-ana, aa my mother had also died, and my sister-s had married, I determined to spend a few years in travel. I went to Europe and South Afrioa, returning to Inndoh the same year. Clark Russell's sea stories had always interested me greatly, and I made up my mind to rough it . on a trip to Australia in a clipper ship. I tried to engage a oabin passage in the Josephine, then one of the largest sailing-ships afloat; but old Cap tain Hardy, whom everybody oalled 1 the bear' beoause he was so rough and brusque, refused with many an oath, saying he didn't keep any blankety blank hotel, ana no man cornd sail on bis ship without signing articles and doing his proper amount of work. Of course I knew a ship as well as I knew a house, and I decided to go on the Josephine before the mast just for the fun of it. I saw a twinkle in the old cap tain's eye as I signed the usual articles for the voyage to Sydney, New South Wales. He simply remarked, however,' You're big enough to do your share of the work.' "I procured a regular outfit, sent my kit on board, and took my place among the crew. I found friends in the forecastle at once, for I assumed no airs, acted just as everybody else did, and studiously minded my own business. Zn spite of my discretion, though, I made some enemies. One of them was in the same watoh with me. His name wasNorris, and he claimed to be an Englishman, but he spoke with a slightly foreign accent, and was dark enough to be taken ior a Portuguese or a Spaniard.' I disliked him from the first, and he evidently had as lictle regard for me as I had for him. He insulted me one day in the forecastle during our watch below, and I Btruok him a blow under the ear that put him to Bleep very effectually. He wan unoonBcious for two hours, and I was really afraid that he was done for. He regained consciousness finally, and after that time did not in any way interfere with me. "When we were aloft sometimes, however, I could see him eyeing me sharply, and was satis fied that he was contemplating some sort of treachery. I said nothing, but tried always to keep my eyes in his direotion. "We had a fairly good voyage until we struck some extremely rough weather off Cape Horn. For two days we ran under close reefs with the wind abeam, and then the gale became bo violent that we had to heave to to weather it. On the fourth day of the storm the wind moderated, and Captain Hardy ordered us aloft to shake out the lower reefs. We had resumed our course, and were boom ing along at about ten knots. ." Although the wind had moderated con siderably the sky was a dark grey all around with clouds of a deeper hue, almost bluish, in the south-east. It looked to me like more heavy weather, and I doubted the wisdom of shaking out any of the reefs. N orris and I were on tne mainroyalyard when a heavy puff of wind struck the Bhip and threw her almost upon her beam ends. As I stood on the foot rope with my arms over the yard, the heavy piece of timber was almost perpendicular, and I had to cling hard with hands and feet to ke8p from going over. Another lurch came when I was resting my whole weight on the footrope. The rope suddenly ?arted, and I felt myself falling. Instinotively flung out my arms to grasp something, but my head struck the to'gallatit yard, and over X went into the sea. I remember hear ing a cry of 'man overboard' from the deck, and must then have become unoonecious for a time. I next found myself struggling among the tremendous waves. As I rose upon the crest of each big eea I oaught a glimpse of the Bhip, and as she .was still standing on her course I knew that I was left to my fate. Z was not excited in the least by my position. I fully expected to drown, but I made up my mind to fight as long as I oould. I was ana am a strong swimmer, and I hoped to be able to keep afloat until I oould find some spar or bits of wreckage to sustain me. Meanwhile, I made as little exertion as was necessary, so as to preserve my strength. The water was very cold, and I knew that no man's powers of en durance, however great they might be, oould be equal to any prolonged struggle with such elements. " I expected no relief from the Josephine. A email boat could not have been launched in such a eea, and I oalculated correotly that Captain Hardy did not put the ship about, because be did not believe that any man oould live for five minutes among such waves as had been breaking over the ship. "I must have been in the water an hour, and it was then about noon, when I espied a piece of a vessel's hatch about twenty yards away in the same trough of the waves in whiohl was then swimming. I was quickly beooming ex hausted, but Z made for that little raft with all of my remaining strength. Z was engulfed by the waves a hundred times. Scores of times great seas broke over me and sent me down far below the surface. I managed to straggle to the surface.many times just soon enough to keep from drowning. At last I reached the batch, grasped a protruding spike, and rested a while before I had strength enough to raise myself upon the half submerged raft. There was a bib of rope trailing in the water, with which I lashed myself fast to the hatoh to keep from being washed off into the Bea. " I think I must have slept for a time in spite . of the cold. At any rate I remember that the | eea became suddenly much calmer, the wind having died away to a simple breeze. As night came on a feeling of indescribable loneliness took possession of me, which was intensified wbenleaw that the albatrosses had sighted me.. A man who clings to as par In the waters about Cape Horn fias more tofear from the jgiant biros of the^irtfaan from 'the' monsters of the deep. Thenight was a very long one. When t was not dozing I was looking out over SB, I. At . the waves in search of a vessel's 'lights. None came into view, and the day broke .cold and cheerless. When the sun oame.up I thought I descried land pff to, the north-west. It was only a faint line, and I was not sure whether ifwas land or a bank of clouds. I prayed that it might be land, and I felt more cheerful when X saw that a cnrrent was carrying me to the northward. I was very hungry, and I knew that if I did not reach land or was not picked up that I would be at liberty to choose death from either star vation or drowning. I didn't count on another danger, whioh turned out to be greater even than the others—the birds. Soon after sunrise I saw a number of great albatrosses Bailing through the air far overhead. One by one they oame lower, and I watched them with in tense admiration. Not once did I see an alba tross flap a wing. They rose high into the air and swccped down low, turning their im mense wings from side to side to direct their course, bat sever appearing to ubo the slightest exertion. H^evwere jlike ships of the air, using their wings as sails,' and with a per fect knowledge of tacking, gybing.and the like. 11 ey Went to windwara smd befote the - wind with equal facility.' In my admiration for the great creatures iloat sight of the fact, even if I had realized it, that theywere a more serious source of' danger than the waves. "Nearer and nearer they oame, and I could see their cold, staling eyes regarding' me with something in their expression' that made me shiver, riven then I did hot appreciate my danger, - One of them swirled past me bo close that I was fanned by the air he had disturbed. It was nob till another hod made a vicious jab at me with bis beak as he swooped by 'that I began to understand the horrors of my posi tion, I had no weapon but a jackknife, whiah I opened, and with whioh I prepared to defend myself. I bad been lying down all this time, but I now sat up, and made ready for the attack that I felt sure would come. It Was not long delayed. First one albatross and then another new at me. picking at my eyes and faoe. I slashed right and left with my knife, screaming the while in the hope of scaring the vicious things away. I must have wounded several, but they came at me again and; again, each time more savagely. Occasionally, in spits of all that I could do, one would' fasten his beak into my flesh and tear a piece away. My face became frightfully lacerated, and I was soon covered, with the blood that flowed from my wounds. "I was on the verge of fainting when I heard a shout neat at band. Turning I saw a boat olosely approaching, manned by a crew of rough looking natives. I had been so absorbed in my fight with the birds that I had not observed now olosely to the land' I had drifted, and that a boat was coming to my rescue. I was taken on board, and was glad to see that the birds bad given up the fight. They made a few wide circles around the boat and then sailed away to the west ward. " The natives Bpoke a Spanish dialect, which I could only slightly understand, but from it I gathered that they were Terra del Fuegans, and that I was being taken ashore. I did not like their looks, and was almost inclined to think that it would have been better to have let my self down. I was now very weak and ill, and when we landed they had to carry me ashore. I was taken to a hut where my wounds were dressed by an old woman, who was not at all a bad surgeon, and, after having eaten a little, I waB laid upon a mattresB, where I Blept soundly for several hours. An attack of fever followed, and it was nearly a month before I was able to walk. I must have been well nursed, fox there were no medioines there. I bad a little money in my belt, all of which I gave to my rescuers, making tbem understand, however, that I wanted them to take me to sea every day in a boat until I could hail a ship. They did so, and in a week I had caught a vessel bound for Sydney. Whatever can be said of the Terra del Fuegans by other unfortunate travellers, I must admit that they treated me welL " At Sydney Iran across Norris, who acted as if he had seen a ghost. He shivered and shook with fear, and I taxed him with cutting the rope. He admitted it, and begged for mercy. 