HEEB MP THESE. 3T jbb Hi* About TOWS, 3}meB are vary bad. We none of Hi know ^fcatwemayconieta. - One hears c£ whilom ^ggomiree who are nog faming a. precari-, PJ, jiveHbooi by rffianmg windows and j;»ging front gardens, and of company mages wbo have been actually forced, by yiuamxr of circumstances, to gain an honest £ring by doing something useful. Such isgfaaoes are very pathetic, particularly those elite latter kind. When yon are constantly Iwriiig of ench cases you get incred to anything. Therefore I was not startled epeechlees when, the other aftemoon, coming up Swanston street, I saw Tietoru'fi most milltocy millionaire vith bis nose almost flattened up against a pork fcctchjer'e window—quite as near to it, that IB, as the brim of .his hat would permit— gazing musingly at the display of threepennypork piea, blaok puddings asd sausages. He stood wi^iiip and peeling there for a Tfffnntp or two, wondering, no doubt, what: ihey tasted like. 1 half expected to see him go in and boy a pie and nibble it as he parsoeahis way down the street. I took each, «ompa«iou on him that I could tea roe ""Strain myself from offering to effect the purchase, if his pride overcame bis appetite, *nd " go halves." However, he contented tuiHw'f with the very guconlent small that ••me from the shop, and tore himself away, go home to Jus kangaroo tail soup aad •Osnadinn salmon, while I trudged off to oat THy humble bread and cheese and bananas. But r shall always claim the opulent Bart, as a fellow creature after this. Hitherto I had looked ngoa A millionaire &s; so mfithinc inicwBB^Je an3 mpflrii"!? 111 "; TwitntiBtfig-pifh m etomach ttiat'hankers a-ftsr Mftfik pudding jtozk pee is emphatically a man aad -a If I had been a member of Parliament, I don't think I could hare voted for Mr Trenwitlfl w 'iHiim wage resolution last l wuck. X don't believe in a minimum •"•jo. fm a nuTiiwwin wage man—as maxias you like. I never had any wage yet Hist was too maximum for me. If my wage as to be " mom -' at all, let it be " mum"" in •Ae"max" direction. But I should have 3iked to have been in the House on Wednesday to have enjoyed by participation that exjuigiie joke of ilr Patterson's at which nofcody laughed. After Mr Iron with had spoken and one or or two mare lAbor members had end ditto to bim^ tha Premier moved the ad. JQiil rnncnt of the debate " in order that •M'IIIIWLS ^nigbt have timn to consider the rBsnlnfion!" The Iinmor of it is rich. The aeasun is all bat over. There isn't a-chance considerable as the shadow of the ghost of * microbe, of the resolution coming up again. JKx Patterson knew that perfectly well; so he just moved the adjournment to give members 1 (line to think it over,in order that -they might sot vote too hastily. It reminds me of Sir SOenry Hawkhu's reply to the priecner who, after bong found guilty, was asked whether he bad anything to say as to why sentence riionW not be passed on him. The rascal •aid he should like a little to consider "what he had to say. " Oh, certainly," sud the distinguished criminal Judge, *' take plenty of time to oansider it say five JOB." * * * * % one of his poems Lord Byron tells how an Italian lady, whon asked by an Englishwoman to describe the duties of a" cavaliere jaeiveute," answered, " "Madame, I beseech J « to suppose them." An T^gtiA girl of the —I"/ professes no such ignorance as that «f her fair prototype. In "Gills' Gossip " in **3fenth," a letter in which "Madge" commences by describing a corset, and winds up o t o 1 g a e t s a o t m "with a recipe for a curry—the writer gives M tolerably clear idea of the modem "tame cat," as the eUng of the day calls the "third in the Turasehold," the "tartinm quid'' of Sudyard Kipling. One "smart" young •married woman admite that she only "keeps oo" with Sir So and So because her husband voold think her dowdy unless she had aome one to run about after her. Anot&er; has a tiff with her " cavaliere," and absolutely advertises for another as a private •ari it my, willing to mike himself generally useful. The respondents to her "ad."are neither ywmg enough nor good looking. They • aloft understand buying bonquete to match dresses, or picking np pet dogs, or acting as courier when travelling, and, above sill, they don't understand the art of delicate and inaodious gallantry which in cold climates has a jlsiner name. "The tamecatsystem, "remarks 4 1 Madge," with considerable naivete, " is a various one, but there is no doubt that it is a aetognised institution in certain sets." * « • * Well, perhaps it is, bat it isn't a very iealthy ontcome of our boasted civilisation, mere Is an unmanly ice-water, chocolatecream, scented- cigarette sort of flavor about It that doesn't fit well with older-fashioned ideas- He roue of the Restoration, with las swagger of silk and satin, and his perfnmed handkerchief nestling in the band- Kit of his rapier wa9 of a manlier type. He was seedy enough to make love to his neighbor's •wife, bnthe was just as ready to nnsheath that rapier behind Montague Honse if the luuband made himself obtrusively objectionable. The "tame cat" is of different order. •Should an eedandre come he makes off in a fcoxrowed yacht to the Norway fishing; TO, should he bloom into a co-respondent and grt cast in damages, goes promptly insolvent. He is a poor creature, in many respects a type of an age of sham and stucco, crim-con and chatter, gluttony and gossip A portion of a system for which a lady writer can find no better descriptive term than "carious." He redeeming feature is that an olnhs, messes and smoking* rooms, in the cricket field or on tlie football men don't think much of him. His is looked upon as a mixture of dnde, mn«liBr and lady'b mud, with a dash of the fr^rftm guard thrown in. Evon husbands don't seem to mind him What the .woman for whom he trifles away his time thinks of him the Sphym only JtnowB. • . » * * * " I hope the charming example of' those costumes to be worn in the comedy of The Amazons won't communicate itself to our women.folk,"Baid I to my trim* ~MV Henpecked, as we stood peering in a shop window at the photograph of Mrs Brough and Miss Graaie Noble, looking bewitching in masculine attire: " It ain't necessary,' 1 growled Henpecked. " Why, what do yon ®ean?" 1 gasped, "Surely the Toorak girls are not already ." " I tell you i ain't neoessaiy," he interrupted; " the •"omen-folk wear 'em now, at least mine do-" Poor man. I always said he let Ura H. have her own way too much when they "were first married. 