SPOKXUVG ECHOES. (Br Bound.) For tbe first time on record, so for as I can ascertain, clothes bong np in tbe Hamilton Cricket Clnb dressing room on Saturday were rifled of their contents by some mean sneak. One player missed £1, another lie, a third 4s 6d, and so on downwards. At the time the robberies are supposed to bare been effected, nearly 11 tbe players were either on the ground or in tbe ladies' pavilion. No stranger was seen prowling abont at any time duriog tbe afternoon, nor, un fortunately, were any scorers at work in the room. Whoever the sneak was he would seem to have well 6eized his opportunity, and it is not within the ground of probability that the thefts will be sheeted home to him. Well ! nominations for tbe Hamilton Race Meeting have been received, and I trust have given satisfaction. To my mind, how ever, the number is not so large as might have been expected from the amount of prize money offered for competition, and I cannot but think that the committee com mitted a grievous error in lengthening tbe distances. If these had been kept the e&me; &8 last year, I am confident there would have been 20 per cent, more nominations from owners who would not be foolish enough to enter half-trained animals to ran long distances (not that those at Hamilton are so very long) against the highly polished steeds in the 3>i urodal, Leitwich's and other stables. The bookmakers most have bad a fairly good time of it at Flemington on Saturday, although they state that Fortunatus, a 20 1>» 1 chance, was well backed for the New market. In only two events ont of tbe six, the Essendon and Brunswick Stakes, did the absolute favourites win, &od; the bettii g in neither would be equal to that in the Leger, tbe Newmarket or the Ascot Yale Stakes. What is more, if Fortnnatns was really so well backed, the metallicians w»nld never have allowed him to go out at 20 to 1. Io the olden days, when John Tait's, Wilson's and White's stables were carrying everything before them, it was safe to follow ; hut those who relied upon "the Syndicate" horses pulling them tbroogh this year must have been heavily out nf their reckoning. On Saturday Mr. J. B.Clark only secured odc victory, and that with Projectile, a horse that may be worth remembt-riog when the Spring meeting comi-e round. After his collapse io the Leger, I doubt if C&moola; has the ghost of a show for the Australian Cap, and have a great fancy for The Ad miral. And so,as I learn from an Argu cablegram, Joe Goddard, " the Barrier Champion," and previously unvaoquisbed hero of goodness only knows how many fights, has at last met his Waterloo. This at the hands of Edward Smith, a heavy-weight boxer, who, avoiding Goddard's early rashes, wore him down ana beat him in the 18th round. This will not much surprise many good judges, more es pecially those who believe tbt Joe was knocked ont of time by Mick Dooley when they met at the Melbourne Athletic Club rooms. There can be no deoyiag the fact that Joe Goddard is one of the pluckiest men who ever pot on the mittens, that he can bit like a horse kicking, and can take ao astounding amount of puuishment, but he lacks the - science possessed by JacksoD, Corbett, or even Slavin. Talking to one of the very best judges of boxing in Melbourne a month or so go, I asked, " How do you think Goddard will get on with Slavin?" His reply, taken in connection with Goddard's recent defeat, showed how very correctly he had estimated Joe's ability: " I think Slavin will beat him. In fact, I think th&tany; clever heavy-weight who can avoid Joe's rushes will wear him down, for Joe is sot what one might call 'a scirnced man,' although in other respects ' a born fighter.' " I expect to he»r that the proposed fight between, him and Slavin will now be in definitely postponed, and that Slavin will prefer to meet Smith. I am indebted to a thorough sport for the following and other items and I wish other of my friends would similarly oblige me: — "A match between three local hacks took place at Penshurst the other day, the owner of the last horse to pay for a barrel of beer. Hie horses matched were Rifleman, a dark chestnut nearly 17 bands high, a trifle on tbe legs, Boatman, a mouse-colour, standing 16 hands, broken down in the near fore leg, and Satel lite, a nice rich chestnut, well knit together, but a trifle bent in the knees. The distance was three furlongs, the time taken was 39 15th sees. Satellite was the firat to move but was immediately caught by Rifleman and Boatman. Then a sort of a finish took place between the two latter, Boatman passing the post six lengths in advance. Satellite has never recovered from his accident when be broke a blood- I'essel, Rifl-m&n; broke down io the knee, Boatman also felt the effects of his near fore leg. The crockB would now be a good feed for the Hamilton Hounds." A correspondent sends the following as a bint to horseowners and trainers who are without stop watches: — "A knowing owner not more thsn 18 miles from Hamilton takes a number of small sticks In his hand, aod as the horse goes round he drops one stick for each second. When the horse com pletes the distances the eticks are counted, and the time is found generally to be very fast." It may be very fast, but I should imagine it is not possible to " stick " exactly to time. George Giffen is George Giffen, and mast not be criticised. This would appear to have been his opinion in a match recently played at Adelaide, when he became so incensed at remarks made by some persons io tbe crowd that he went for their scalps. These, of course, he did not find, and so he had to content himBelf by lecturing the assembled multitude. Thre is no doubt that members of a crowd are often irritating, their remarks being enough to provoke a Saint, and George Giffeo has riot yet been cauooised, bnt it was foolish on his part, seeing that it was not likelyhe could "spot" the real offenders, to take any notice of them. I believe it was bis captaincy and his long continued bowling that caused annoyance to onlookers, and there la no denying the fact, good a trnndler as he is, he is apt to keep himself on too long. Of these little faults none are better judges than an Australian crowd. As re- gnrds his captaincy, " Point" in the Adelaide Observer says : — " As a captain he is not a success, never as, aod K am afraid oever will be. He does not study the intricate developments of the pUy safficiemly to manage. hiB bowling and arrange his field to tbe best advantage. The epectntors hav- a perfect right to express their disapproval «>f his actions as captain." As for Walter Giffeo, even the South Australians them S'Les are getting more and more disgusted at Ins inclaoioo io tbe Aastialiao team and no w«nder, for be Is laying an a store of "duck eggs." Perhaps be means to go in for hatching on a large scale in En glznd. A friend writes : — Some people have very strange Ideas abont the relative qualities of thoroughbred and half-bred horses. At a meeting a few years ago of the Alb my Ta'rf Clab, W.A., to arrange the programme, it was suggested by a Victorian sport that the usual distances shonld be . altered — Maiden- Plate, from 14 miles to I mile ; Flantagaoet Cup, from 3 miles to 2 miles;, and the " Ladies' Braoelet," from 2 miles to 14 miles. The arguments by a local solicitor against the alterations were these: — Western Australia could not produce thoroughbred horses such as two thorough bred weeds' owned by two local gentlemen, aod II tbe distance aforesaid was altered the said weeds would win to a certainty, bnt by lea-ring (be distances as they were, the half- bred' horses of Western Australia would hold their own. It was, however, agreed that Cop shonld bealter®dto 2 miles." When the ; races came off oo the 17th March, one of the weeds by 'fUon Giovanni," named "The Franklyn," a mire 16 baods Jincb, bred by Smith, of Lihdeoow, Victoria, won the four races in succession, the other .meed by. Slanderer, naujed VRnby," was second in all the races. The half-breds had no chance in the long races, but aome nf them -ran, -well even np to threeqaiirtera of mile." Coneideriog that the coarse, owing to the rains on Saturday, must have been very heavy, the time in which Jortunstua won the Newmarket JHon'Spyb lm'ip..l5isdcs . most be looked npon as very good. Last year, nnder more favourable circumstances; . Wild Rose won in a quarter of a second less time, and in 1888, that big boreeCranbrook, managed the trick in loun- Mthecs. This was the record. Mslna and L'-chiel also took latin lessees. In 1884 and 1887 re-- spectively, and none others than thoae men tioned did it. leas .than Jmin. UJeeoe. I should fancy iniaoy, of the isporiing TOtera must ba»% Stade- a good thing ont of Fortonstus' victoiy, as X.JmoNr- that a lot of them were very " tweet on him, and several "tipped" him asthe, winner. A month or more ago, -Mr. -d-i E. T. Woods, formerly sub-editor of the Spectator and now, I believe, on the Age staff, " tipped " Fortunatus to a friend of mine as the certain winner. I am sure his many friends in this district— and he has shoals of them — will join with me in hoping that he has had a good win. Perhaps not, however, as tipsters are often like some doctors, bandy at prescribing medicine, bnt religiously eschewing it themselves. Some have expressed surprise at Fortunatus starting at such long odds as 20 to 1, but the explanation siven me is simple and easily to be understood. His owner never bets, being content with the stakes, and where owners do not plunge a little tiie public do not, as a rule, put on sufficient to make a horse a warm favourite. I say as a rule," as scores of instances are known in which the confiding public have made favourites of horses whose owners have never expected, or, perhaps I should aay, intended them to win. Forinoatus was second for this event last year, and won the City Handicap at the Adelaide Birthday meeting. Immediately after Fortunatus' victory on Saturday, the speedy Zeph was noable to win over the same distance in 1 miu. I64 eece., which speaks volumes for the speed of the Newmarket winner. 