Xcoeal -& ©@a@£al The Commissioner of Crown Lands (the hon. W. Hartnell) gives notice that several lots of land will be put -up for public auction for sale and rental by Messrs W. T. Bell and Company on the 31sfc, under the piovision of the Crown Lands Acfc, 1890. In these purchases credit CJ.n be claimed for any lot of not less value than ,£15.' The terms of credit are the RRnaA fnr fnwn n.a fnr» Tnral lanria trio: ? -— ? One eighth to be paid at the time of sale, and the remainder in fourteen equal annual instalments. Example of the mode of payment where credit is taken for a lot bought for .£15 : — Sale price, .£15 ; credit premium, being ?& of sale price, £5 ; total price, .£20. One-eighth deposit to be paid at time of sale, £2 10a ; leaving to be paid in 14 equal annual instalments, .£17 10s ; each instalment being .£1 5s. In the list of divisions which took place last session on various questions in the House of Assembly, and which was pub lished in our last issue, the narm oE Mr Peter Barrett was omitted from the division on the Y.D.L. Lottery Act, that gentleman having voted against the measure, which he bad consistently op posed. By our Hobart telegraphic news pub lished this issve it will be seen that Air Walter W. Hill, of Mr G. Crosby Gilmore's office, was admitted before the Full Court RfcVi insf.. tn nnfr. n.a an fttifrvpnow nniipifn-r and barrister of the Supreme Court. Mr Hill passed very successfully at the legal examination inJuly last, and has had a long experience in solicitors' offices. He served for some years with Mr J. B. Waldron, and a. couple of years ago transferred his services to Mr Gilmore's office. Mr Hill has numerous friends in Launceston, who will watch his future career with interest. On Saturday at the dinner hour the employees of the Gas Company made an adjournment to the fitters' shop, where a surprise was given to one of the workmen, who was about to leave for New South Wales. A presentation was made by the manager of the company (Mr Arthur Green) to Mr John Carter, late fitter in the company's employ, on his leaving to take charge of the gasworks at Glen Innes. In making the presentation, which took the form of a handsome marble timepiece from the officers and other employees, Mr Green referred in feeling terms to the part ing with an old hand of more than eleven years' standing, and though sorry to lose him, still he was glad that the change was for his advancement. Occasion was also given to present Mr Carter with Mrs Abbot's gold trophy for the second highest I individual cricket scoring. Mr Carter was associated with the Gasworks Cricket Club from its inception. Three cheers were called for, and heartily responded to by those assembled, Mr Carter suitably re sponding. It is a fact worth recording that Mr Carter is the fourth employee who has found success as manager of gasworks I away from the local establishment. The clock was on view on Saturday evening in Mr Abbott s, Brisbane-street, where it was purchased. At the Margaret street Wesleyan Church on Sunday the Rev. D. J. Flock art, in the course of his sermon, spoke strongly in favour of the movement re cently organised by the Half-holiday As sociation for the institution of a regular weekly half-holiday for shop assistants. He considered the project to be a very practical one, and expressed the opinion that if the citizens determined to do their shopping with a view of assisting the movement there was no reason why it should not be successful. A raid was made by the police on night of 8fch inst., upon a house in York-street «O^U k/Jf CM VVUJLUCbU IIAUIQU .UU.eiiJ.gaiI.OU J.1JUMJLJ eon, snd sufficient evidence was procured to warrant action being taken against the j ' proprietress. Two informations were there fore laid against her. In the first, she is charged with having sold liquor contrary to the provisions of the Li jensing Act ; J and in the second with having been the keeper of a houoe of ill-fame, after having been served with a notice under the by-law recently passed by the City Council for the suppression of Bach houses. j A fire occurred Sunday evening at the residence of George Brooks, a woodcarter, Wellington-street. The alarm was given at a few minutes past eight, and the mem bers of (the brigade were on the spot and working hard in very quick time, the flames being under control before a quarter past eight. The house belongs to Mr Eobert Gardner, and having been con structed of weatherboards, the fire soon obtained a hold. It appears that a son of the occupier went into his mother's bed room for the purpose of dressing previous to going out, and left a candle burning on the dressing table. It is supposed that by some means the drapery which hung on the glass caught fire from the candle, and the flames very rapidly communicated with the walls, which being of scrim and light trine, soon igrnited, and in a few minutes the fire had burst through the front of the building and the roof. As stated the Fire Brigade were quickly in attendance and did what they could to save the furniture, but beyond getting a little bedding outside they were unsuccessful. The building is a four-roomed cottage, was insured in the office of the Cornwall Fire and Marine Insurance Company, Mrs Brooks was the only member of the family at home when the fire broke out. Much sympathy was expressed with the occupier and his family in their misfortune. What might have been a very serious conflagration was happily averted on Saturday by prompt action. Shortly after one o'clock a young man in the employ of Messrs Wallbridge and Co. noticed a tongue of fire shoot up from the roof of Bishop's bark mill. He scaled the fence, and gave the alarm to the men, who were on the point of leaving the premises, and they immediately set to work to extin guish it by passing up water to some of their number who had mounted the roof. The fire had only got a slight hold under the iron and came up through the tarred felt ridging, but beyond burning a small hole no damage was done, but is the shed was fall of bark, was surrounded with other buildings, and there was a strong wma Diowmg, is was most lortunate tnat it was noticed before it had secured a hold. It is supposed that a spark from the engine was the cause. The installation jf the officers of the Dorset Lodge, No. 17, for the ensuing year, took place at Scottsdale on Thursday, 7th inst., as follows :— W.M., Bro. Jas. Bald ; I.P.M., Bro. E£y. Berresford ; S.W., Bro. Jas. Pearson; J. A7., Bro. James I Got' ton j S.D., Bro. S. C. Ellis ; J.D., Bro. F. W. Simms; I.G., Bro. A. P. Scott j Tyler, Bro. T. Campbell ; secretary, Bro. W. A. Downie; treasurer, J. M. Lord. arrangements have been made in connec tion with the Railway Department for the convenience of Christmas and New Tear , holiday-makers. Return tickets will be issued at single fares on ail lines to and from all stations 10 miles apart between Saturday next and Monday, January 1, 1894, inclusive, available for re turn journey up to Wednesday, January 31\. For distance of less than 10 miles return tickets at single fares will be issued daily from all stations from Saturday, 23rd insfc., to Monday, January 1, inclusive. Special holiday cheap season tickets will be issued from all stations from 20bh to 25th inst. inclusive, avail able over all lines up to January 31, 1894, inclusive. An ' intimation has been received from I the offiea of the Sloan -Duployan short hand, 52 Elgin road, Croydon, near London, that Mr Leonard Rea, of Sydney (N.S.W.), wrote 197 words per minute, and tran scribed his notes accurately in the presence of Mr Alex. Bruce, J.P. Mr Rea uses the Sloan- Duployan system. A slight outbreak of fire occurred at Jfr B. G. Clark's boot factory, Elizabeth street, Monday between half -past one and two. It appears that a bottle of boot gloss exploded near a light which was being used for some purpose, and ignited several articles close by, but the blaze was promptly put out by several workmen who happened to be near at hand at the time. The remains of the late Mr G. Saunders, the oldest resident of Brackneli (writes our Bishopsbourne correspondent), were interred at Christ's Church on Sunday. An impressive address was given by the Rev. Canon Adams. The deceased leaves a large family of sons and daughters, all grown | up.— Rain is now very urgently required for the hay crops, and a good downpour would add hundredweights to the acre. Grass is plentiful, and stock are doing well. The crops have fallen away very much lately, and the yield will not be more than two-thirds of what was expected at one time ; and if the rust and grubs come that will be further reduced.— Our creamery, after a number of hitches, is now I in full swing, further particulars of which I will give in my next. I am aorry to state (writes our Carrick correspondent) that our waterworks are a failure. Who is to blame ? Was it reason able to expect a three inch pipe to supply a fivn inch ram ? It comes very hard on the ratepayers to pay for water they do not get. — The Woolgrowers* sale yards are being demolished and the stuff carted away. If they were to cart away the gorse they allowed to grow on the Recreation Ground and replace the fence they would receive the thanks of the inhabitants.— Some weeks back our pound keeper left to reside at Exton. Aa yet no successor has been appointed; this is annoying to some landholders, and justly so. — The crops are not looking so pro mising as they did some weeks back. The Treasurflr nnf.ififiH fch&f.; +.ha land tax for 1898 having become due and payable on October 1, proceedings will be taken forthwith against all persons upon whom a demand has been made for the payment of the tax, and who have failed to comply with the request. No further notice will be given before pro ceedings are taken to enforce payment. a The usual monotony prevailing at . Moorina was broken on Friday, 8th inst. (writes a correspondent), when a concert was held for the purpose of providing funds for a picnic for children attending the state school. The attendance wag all that could be desired, many coming from Derby, Gladstone, and Weldborough to take part and assist. The chair was taken by Mr F. E. Bomford, J.P., and the several items rendered were enthusiastically received by an appreciative audience. Mr Dolan was inimitable in his song 'M'Namara's Band,' and Mr Stanley delisrhted the audience with ' The man that broke the bank at Monte Carlo,' both receiving an en thusiastic recall. Mr Ling sang ' Gently does the trick,' and was well received. The Misses Dickinson, of Gladstone, were well received with their duets, as also were the Misses Kennelly, of Derby. Miss Bavey, of Weldborough, sang 'List to convent bellsj' and ' Dear little sham 'ws, xeuBiving wen merited applause. The quartet, ' Rose, shamrock, thistle, and Waratah,' was well rendered by Misses Robinson, Mab Botnford, Boundery, and Tilley, and gave evidence of careful pre paration. The following also took part and were on the whole remarkably well received : — Misses Barnard and Boundery, and Messrs Morgan, Harris, and Feutrill. The thankg of the people of Moorina are due to Mrs and Misses Bomford for their un tiring efforts to make the concert a success, not only on this particular occasion, but on every occasion when the welfare of the community is at stake. Thanks also are due to Mrs Patten for her kindness in lending her piano. After the concert the votaries of the goddess Terpsichore enjoyed themselves for four or five hours. j The anniversary in connection with the Wesleyan Sunday school was celebrated here (writes our Sheffield correspondent on Monday last) on Sunday, when three ser mons were preached by the Rev. J. Polking horne, of Longford. The church was filled on each occasion, many not being able to obtain Beats. The preacher on each occasion delivered practical and appropriate ser mons. The choir and children sang very nicely. Mis 3 Robertson presided at the organ. The tea meeting took place here yesterday, and was in every way a success. The tables were presided orer by Mesdames Hope (2), Clerke, Rouse, Lord, Edwards, Misses Lord, Wyatt, Acklin (2), Best, and Smith. The public meeting followed, the Rev. W. C. Edwards in the chair. Excel lent; addresses were delivered by Messrs chairman. The choir rendered several hymns in a pleasing manner. A compre hensive vote of thanks was passed to those who assisted in making the meeting such a success. Mr C. C. Spottswood, secretary of the Sheffield I.O.R., announced that on New Tear's Day the tent and the different temperance organisations in the district were to hold a picnic in Mr Jamea Hus band's paddock, and that a public meetine would be held in Roland Hall, Mr Thomas Hamsworth to preside, and if reports are reliable it promises to be an unqualified success. The collections on Sunday amounted to £9, the proceeds of tea to .£17, making a total of .£26. - The usual meeting of the St. Leonards Road Trust was held at tho 8t Leonards Hotel on Monday last, all the trustees being present. The secretary reported that the Pattersonia Trust had not yet replied -e offer of rates. The chairman reported that the willows on the station road had been cleared away, and Mr Summers promised to look to the culverts acd have them put m. order. It was resolved that the road through the township should bft put 111 order and the gutter cleaned out. Several complaints were made that carters of metal spilled a lot on the road to town, and that they used the drain at Killafaddy as a brake to their carts. It was decided to summons all offenders in the future. Messrs Dent and Peck were appointed to look at some proposed work on Abel's Hill, and report at the next meeting. It was deoided to ask the ohurch trustees to cut back the parsonage hedge a foot, as it encroached on to the path. After discussion on other matters, the trust rose. The fourteenth anniversary of the Scotts dale and Jetsonville Presbyterian Sabbath schools was held yesterday (writes our Scottsdale correspondent on Monday last) The day being fine the church at both services was crowded, the Rot. T. Cun ningham preaching in the morning and the Rev. T. AJday officiating in the evening. The children mustered in good forn« *vT« platform not being large enough to accom modate all of them. Many had to find seats in the body of the church. At the next anniversary the com mittee of management ought to arrange for holding the services in the Oddfellows' Hall or the Mechanics', as many were not able to get sitting room in the church. Quite a new departure obtained in the shape of a piccolo being added to the choir, which was in the opinion of sozae of doubtful advantage. The usual tea and public meetings were held on Monday, the speakers being Revs. T. Alday, T. Cun ningham, and Messrs C. S. Button and John Cunningham. The collections on Sunday were .£6 9a 4d, and the proceeds of tea .£8 3s 6d, totalling £14 12s lOd, beinsr 7s 2d less than the best for fche last four yeara. —The heat during the latter part of the past week, as also on Sunday, was vary oppressive. — Our orchards are being stripped of small fruit by small green beetles, which destroy everything they come across, and are doing great damage in our gardens. Tub consecration of the Rev. Dr. Delany as Bishop of Laranda and Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart took place at St Patrick's Cathedral, Ballarat, on Sun character, the ceremony being per. :ormed by Archbishop Carr, of Mel bourne. The cathedral was crowded, many jeing- unable to obtain admission. The Rer. Father Rogers preached the consecra tion sermon, taking for his text Acts of the Apostles, 20th chaptsr, 28th verse : ? 'Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock wherein the Holy Ghost hath placed you brothers to men the Church of God which He has purchased with His own blood ' during the service the joint choirs of St. Patrick's and St. Alipius, assisted by many leading amateurs, rendered Haydn's No 3 ur imperial mass most effectively. Arrange ments were made for a number of presen tations to the new bishop, and the first of these was made on Saturday at the bishop's palace, when the vicar-general, Dean Hoyne, on behalf of the seoular priests, presented him with a handsome address in a pure morocco case, which read as follows ? — « The Right Rev. Father Delaney, D D Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart. My Lord -~ We, the secular priests of the diocese of Ballarat, desire on the occasion of your consecration as Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart, to express our sentiments of affection and esteem in your regard. Whilst we regret the loss of a prudent, ever faithful friend and zealous co- labourer, we rejoice that Rome, by raising you to the Episcopate, has recog nised in you those qualities which have made your ministry here fruitful in good Henceforth you will have a wider field of labour, but you will also have the addi tional strength inherent in the episcopal office. Tour post is to us a pledge of the ruture, and we pray that the days of your rule may be long, happy, and peaceful. We beg your Lordship's blessing and your » acceptance of the accompanying slight token of personal attachment and esteem. Signed on behalf of the clergy-JNo. Hooan, V.G., Dean of Ballarat.' Willie, one of the Dora Dora blacks, who was captured near the Bandaberg show ground, was brought before the police court Saturday, and remanded to Maryborough. He left by the afternoon train, securely shackled. Since his incar ceration Willie has been nonchalant, and ??* does not attempt to hide his identity He states that his mate Jackey speared the murdered man in the back, the two blacks being both in the employ of the Victorian police at the time. Jackey and Willie absconded, fearing arrest, and since then they have escaped detection in three colonies. Since the flood early this year ihey have been in the vicinity of Bunda berg. Willie says that he lost Jackey in M the scrub near Bingara six months ao-o and has not seen him since. He acknow ledges to have had arms, bub refuses to dis lose their whereabouts. The prisoner is t in splendid physical condition, and takes the matter very f uietly. Wbdkbsdat atternoon about half-past four a sad and painful shooting accident took place in Charles-street, near the state school. A young lad named Tasman I Archer had a loaded pistol in his possession, when it exploded, nearly all the contents entering the face of a lad named Sutcliffe, son of Constable Sutcliffe, of the Trevallyn police station. He was taken to tk« hospital, where his wounds were dressed, but it is feared that the poor little fellow will lose the sight of one of his eyes. The lad is now progressing as well as can be expected. It is understood that further enquiries will be made concerning the case, ( as. it is feared there is something peculiar connected with it. In connection with the Christmas holi days, the Governor has directed that Satur day, the 23rd inst., andTuesday, 26th inst., shall be observed as public holidays in the southern districts, and that Tuesday, th« 26th, and 'Wednesday, the 27th inst., shall be observed as public holidays in tke northern districts of the colony. Also that Monday, January 1, shall be observed as a public holiday throughout Tasmania. Special arrangements will be made as fagards the Customs, Post-office, and Tele* graph Departments. * A concert of an amusing character was held here (writes our Lefroy correspondent) on Monday evening last in aid of the ?ricket club. There was a fair audience, Mr J. Batten presiding. Songs, duets, recitations, etc., were given by some of the Lefroy talent, most of them being cricketers. The brass band also rendered several selections. It evidently appeared, acoording to the rapturous applause and loud continued encores, that the best were last. After a short but a most amusing speech by the chairman, the meeting closed with a laughing chorus by the audience. The proceeds amounted to over £3, which will place the cricket club 'in a good . financial position/ We are in receipt from the Secretary of the Post-office Department of specimens of the single b nd reply post cards of this colony, issued as an official souvenir of the Exhi bition. These cards are now obtainable at post-offices, the single card, Id, circulating in this and the adjacent colonies ; and the reply card at 3d, carrying a message to and from any part of the world, the souvenir being printed on the portion of the reply card retained by the person to whom ad dressed. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Deloraine Public Library was held on Tuesday evening. The repoit presented (writes our correspondent) showed that 165 new books had been added during the year, making a total of 2487 volumes, and that after paying for the books, £50 worth, now ordered, there will still be a small credit ? balance. The following committee was elected for the ensuing year : — Rev. G. F. Walsh, Messrs J. Graham, W. Harvey, P. H. Parsons, E. W. M'Gowan, H. J. Knott, and N. Hart. 