CIfA"l'TtIl IV. A wienrand ghott-like scen-e was presented npon that lonely beach under the bright moon light as 1)a-h dropped upon his knees on the swet sand, and leaned over tle pale, stark face of thie dead girl. Even while he knelt beside her it seemed as though those sequisitely-forme t lips wuld part, and from the peally teeth wouhl cnne a sweet voice, asking, "Where am It' Jnstinctively he bruhied the damp hair n-i-le, and laid his h: el, on the fair fore, head. It ewas cold-icy cold, and a chill ran through his frame as thonugh he had laid his warmn hwl upon a statue carved out of ie. With a heavy sigh, he arose to his feet and stepped over and glanced at the mnlliun he had stricken to the earth. Kneeling, he Flaced: his hand over the manaC heart. ITe lived ; and, with the muttered remark: "It is hard to :i'l such saoundrels." Dash re turned i td olnteilni!ated the white feure of the Whileo le gazed his eye fell ulan an ohije: that glittered like a epolk of tire. A closer in- plction prove.J that it was a brilliant jewel that gliateled ultnot the girl's linger. 1ie stooped, as though ahout to remove it, when a nervousi repuls:on caused hin to start back and e'claim: " No; I cannot rob the dead !" Then his eyes fell nupla two other jewels that sparkled in the girls ears. " What shall I do? If I leave these jewels glittering upon that girls person and go for assistance, ome other vandal like yon scanmp may conme along and possess himself of them," he muttered. After reflecting a moment, lh added : "I will remave them and hold them for the friends of the dsad girl." Daslh was mlnro succe;sful than the robber had been, andI had but little ditliculty i re moving the jewels. Ile had b:t juit itns;tc?r himnse!i of them when he heard voiees,attl upon raisingihis g yes Sosaw the glinnmmer of a light appiroaclmltg to ward him along tile bench. "Great heavens ! If I am found with these jewels on tno I will be looked upon as a robber of the dead ;" hie suddenly scelaimned. Inseticivelyhe turne:d, as though to run "I sneman n harmnn, bat i mnst protect my self," hie nidttredt, ad with a cat-like step lhe moved away. After proecedinga short distance he a.eeonded the hIank that lined the beach, nod mtosing stealithily alon, retraced his steps to a point opposite to where Ce the dy fa'r. IIe had bItt just time t- conceal himself when a party of four mnen, carrying a lantlern with them, reached the sist where the white tigure Inv. The men hal hllt just discovered the body, anl a scene of eciteinls t followhsl. erom his hiding place Dasih could hear every word that was spokent, a, l, while li.!ening, i had a premolnition of the terrible mitakut ho had mnade. "There has been foul murder here,"said one of the men, as lie held hli lanttnl down over the face of the dead girl. "It has been a doubldo murder," cried an othler of the men, as Ils eye fell upon the forn of the maln. "No, by thunder! This fellow live," he added, after a moment, as ihe felt the wourwIed nlan's pullse. "Yes; I live," came the response in feeble tone'. "What has happenet ?" asked the ment in choru, a; they gathered round. "Give me a drink tir't; I amt dying of tlhirk." One of the newcomers had a flask with him, and put it to the nman's lip;. The latter drank, and seemed greatly re vived, when he said : "A terrible crime has just been committed lefere mly eyes." "STell albount it, qutoek ! There may yet be a chance to capture the assassin." T' lle ftl preltende I to b very muchl over coant by tin terrltle scone he had witnessed, and alo? to feel had from tle effiects of the blow ie h:ad re -c?ved ; but taking another good pull from thie lask, ie said : "I was walking along the lenela, when I raw a struggle going on in a Inat alittle off the ,hore be.wecen a man and a woman. Thle man finally seized an oar and struck the girl a blow Io tile Iack of tthe head,and shl fell overboart, when the man sailed away." " And this is the girl that was mnatered?" " Yes; I recovered the bodoty after an hiner's labour, and- had just suoeeeded in hauling it ashore, when the aasasiin returned. Ife as saunlted me, and a struggle followed, but with the same oar with wllieh he crushed in the skull of the girl lie laid me out, then robbed the body of the girl of several valuable jewel", and escaped." Dash heard the Wtiole story, and would have rushed downt and denied it; but, alas ! circnm stances were against hitm. The girl's head had been clrshed by a blud geon, anld lie really had the jewels on his per i,on, althoilghl for no unlawfuil prpose. One of the men was left with theho dy, whilte the others started to notify the authorities, so that an inunediate search might he instituted lor the supposed assnas The man had furni1 pan accurate descnp. tion of )asIh KinCgton i, ns the latter stoae away,he fully realised ril:rl circumstances -fatal circuanstances, eagainst hiland hiem haid unnonsci sly asi in gathelring thelm Ite succeeded in r??g theeity witholut being direnvered, and ail the followingemrn ing read i tile paper. t tisual ensiational and exa~erated account of lahiolical murder, in cliung an acclrate ile e:til of the clthhing nwoan by the asaasati, ta garbled decrilptiin of his person. The matter had gtone far that Dash dared :t notwdisclos hiolonins rrel!' e l? t te rue facts : and in hoales thav emtter wmirul blow over in a few days, he 1li td it hie whli iers, and! mot.tache, v il in o~lr ways a't"red hl; appearanee.anl ttingie(Cleas to his Iritla,, went to Melbourne. utpon the very erv'ntii? f iti arrival he vna pasing tIe dloor of th ll ili'es parnir in tlhe heitel, whenihee ohl l' a iht that caused his 'trt to staund still, andlt irlool tlo fre(eze inl hi, veins. I TIhre, standing in the ate at thparlner, wa a1.~ly; na ; alld byot y sine .t:on of doubt rnarvellmts as it seie:r,! itatt i:tly that hli eye ; rsted lelupon was the htvir:, brea:lthing girl thelr dead bnody of wholm hlil itrivlld he thad left tupon thi liCe Itolay sihor3 nler the monliglht oe hours before. At first lie thought it n.ight be only a fancied recenhblanco. liRcovering his selfvprsession, he stepped into the room. Thera was not the least poasihility of a mis tate; thire were the same featuree, the scame Iavely blue eyes, the same goldnen tresses, the exquisite mnuth--allall the mine. 'flh, hllan!tni i:n I r.a., or thers i tbenn dreaming some horrtilte dreamt" murmrarci aUnsh, as hie staggcreda n..r thc a.w... But the ide?a of a dream rai quickly dis. Ils ]hand presed the jewels ill his pocket, and the blue eyes were turnad toward him in wonldering anllmaeileit to asL Lu:t, £L. UE. 