DR. MAGAREY'S BILL AND THE LICENSED VICTUALLERS ASSOCIATION. Sir—As Mr. Anthony truly points out there are two sides to every question, but as regards the drink Bill there happens to be another side, or more correctly speaking a centre, and side, or more correctly speaking a centre, and to that centre I fialfyng t tl«^ 0110 of the vast crowd of -^reV" drinkers who havedrifted bom the ample cup Co the almost unsatisfying swallow; and I earnestly pray that X may live to Bee Hie day when Btrong drink is for ever swept away, not only for my sake but for the cake of my children and everybody else's children who may not physically have the vain boast that I have had of being able to take a large quantity of strong drink without any apparent effect; yet I know full well that it inflating my very life away. Many people on leading this no doubt will cay—" Then why not giveit up? "Son must be a fool to let it best yon like that" Let me tell any such that they do not know the world and its snares, and now simple it is for a weak-minded person {and there are millions of each in the world) to be led to drink. And as for drink prolong ing life, though every drinker and drunkard who ever lived should start from their gravel and cay their lives bad been lengthened by a day through drink I would nDt believe them, for it would only be more of the devil's deceit. But this I know, were enoh a thing possible, there would be a vast army who would tisa from their graves and cay in words of blood, fire, Borrow, and eoom, "I have committed murder, suicide, caused accidents, misery, hunger, and the thousand blackest ems known in the world, through drink." And yet the brewer daze boldly stand and say they too bave a side to take and fight against the temperance BilL Oh, what a> side. God help those who ever taste—the moderate drinker, the rartflnm. and the drunkard —from lending any weight to over balance the temperance aide, composed of noble men whose lives are spent and whose every thought and deed are for lite welfare of their fellow-beings. I speak as a thinking man of the world. Not as a preacher, but as a sinner, I cry in the very midst of misery caused by drink; not as a temperance writer wishing to gain a fraction, a billet, or a living from the temperance party. The lecturer the other night remarked that those who favored the BUI of Dr. Magarey were fanatio? or getting a living out of the cause. I should really think he was a joker, for a man need not be a fanatic even if he did Ret a living from the tem perance cause any more than tie brewer who gets it by the cause of drink. And ?b for true statistics, take them from the gaols, the lunatic asylums, blind, deaf, dumb, and desti tute, and many bom diseased. If we conld but get the bare trnth that would be traced to drink and drink alone. And as Cor revenue, oh what a shadow of a ghost to stalk before the makers of the laws of any Christian nation, if euch there be. Why there is no greater waste on earth than drink; and comparing the shadow of drink with the substance of roM made into trinkets, useful and ornamental, only chows how shallow the case snd how weak the legs the drinkers have to stand on. It is nothing in favor of drink maTmra and drink Belters to state that in times of prosperity there is more money spent in drink than in times ol depression. Nothing oould be more natural. Likewise there are not so many starving in tames of plenty. If people could only be taught to save their money when times are good, instead of putting it into the brewers 1 coffer*, they would find the benefit in bad or doll times. I might just here state that it is a Batire on legislation to note bow our law makers, who have to deal with the drink Bill, when on their little Royal Commission trips take a supply of goldtop and otherwise regale themselves at oar expense. I often wonder if they really know any more or even as ranch of what they went for when they return. From what I can see of the business done this session I should think, if I may be allowed to judpe, that it will take about a thousand years to pass a dozen Bills unless they be their own pocket bills of pleasure. Returning to the lecture, which was stated to be a very interesting one, being one of the andienoa the only interest I oould notice was the £ a. d. of the liquor trade, and Ido hope that the present and all future laws made will be carried oat more strictly than they bave been in the past; that the police will not wink at oneness, and that magistrates will assist them, and not require overwhelming proof as long as there is sufficient evidence to convict. Bat Xam just going a little too far, for I remember we bave several magistrates who are publicans, and 1 dare cay many more who are merchants in the liquor trade ; and, potting it to myself, if I am a magistrate, I am not going to charge myself with being drunk or any other offenoa and fine myself even the lowest penalty. Oh dear, oh dear; the more deeply I get into the subject the more complicated seems the case to become, and I becrin to think that if there were abuses in the time of Charles Dickens thereare many more now, only they are glossed and gilded over, aye, even cloaked above the gloss and gilt, and I fear nntil there are many more men fearless, eager, and ready to fight all friends and foes, to make laws aright and Bee them carried oat, things will not mend; bat with the spread of knowledge and education bad men will plan with greater skill to break the law, and any man inclined to kill will find a flaw in every BUI, and instead of being a benefit, if laws are not well and truly made, they will be a curse. It requires the skill of master minds to deal with the drink question and all its attendant vices, and I am sure all right-thinking persona will thank the Bey. J. Berry for his plain speaking, and that anyone trying to abuse him or his willing for so speaking only brings ridicule npon himsfiif, Hoping au wise and earnest men will take the matter ap is the wish of a CARELESS DRINKER. Adelaide, September 9, 1893. 