The New Hebrides Hurricane. A fairly full account of the destruction of life and property at New Caledonia by the March hurricane has already appeared, but how the New Hebrides suffered is only fully known now that the steamer Croydon has returned direct from that group of islands. The Croydon belongs to the A.U.S.N. Company, and for many months past has solely been engaged in trading between the islands of the New Hebrides. It was the special business of the steamer to visit the principal islands in the group, and ma&e; monthly calls at tne various mission stations. In that work she proved a valuable means of communication, and it is with great regret that her owners are now compelled to take her off the service owing to the withdrawal of the subsidy granted them to establish it. The Croydon has returned to headquarters at Brisbane, and is to be placed in the Queensland coast traffic. As the steamer was known to be on her way to Sydney at the time of the late hurricane, and as the Birksgate, a larger and more powerful vessel, barely escaped wreck, anxiety was felt for the New Hebrides steamer, and a corresponding sense of relief has followed since her arrival at Brisbane was announced. There is one vessel— the Sovereign — still unaccounted iot. Of the hurricane, Captain J. E. Munroe states that the islands of A mbrym, Mallicollo, and Api- have suffered the most. Ambiym and Mallicollo are two beautiful islands with millions of cocoanut trfees, coffee plantations, and banana aud yam plantations. All the - plantations have been destroyed. There is not a European house nor a native hut left on the islands, nor is there a blade of grass to be seen. All looks perfectly white on these two islands. Fortunately for Captain Munroe, when he saw the barometer falling he ran for Tangoe, South Santo, and so escaped the worst of the hurricane ; but still, though at anchor and in a comparatively sheltered spot, he had to keep steam up all the time. He says he saw the labour-recruit- ! ing barque Empreza at a safe anchorage in Vita Harbour with her three masts completely gone. He also had a conversation with Mr. Cecil, Govern ment agent on the Empreza, who informed him that two masts tad gone by the board, and the third had to be cut awav during the hurricane. There were 70 returned labourers and 50 recruits on board the Empreza, and these will be transhipped to another vessel. For two days the Croydon cruised between Ambrym and Mallicollo trying to make the Presbyterian mission at Ambrym. Dr. Lamb, whose letter is appended, finally set off to the steamer at great risk, in a boat and suc ceeded in. communicating with the vessel. His account will he fouud in the letter referred to. There are 17 Presbyterian missionaries in the group, and ? Captain Munroe speaks in glowing terms of the good work they are doing, excepting on Tanna and Mallicollo, where thev com plain that they make little progress in converting the natives to Christianity. The Rev. Mr. Watt, who has laboured for 22 years amongst them, says that they come to church for a time, and then revert to their old waya. On Tougoa the Rev. Mr. Meikelson presides over a population of 3000, all professing . Christianity. On Sandwich there are 4000 . natives, and of these about 1000 are Christians. On the subject of the labour traffic, Captain Mun roe's experience of the New Hebrides natives is that they prefer to go to Queensland, which has a good name amongBt them for fair treatment. He also speaks warmly upon the inequality which exists be tween British and French privileges as to trading and procuring labour to work the plantations. Seve ral planters find it impossible to carry on, not being able to procure natives to work for them under the pricing British arbitrary laws. A Mr. Boche, who Tine n mrr extensive nlantatinn at Sandwich, finds the greatest difficulty in this respect. Of the damage done at Port Sandwich to the French company's places, Captain Munroe mentions that they estimate , their loss at £15,000. Of the wreck of the Ika Vuka in the hurricane particulars have appeared ; but with regard to the Circe, of Anibrvm, Captain Munroe : states that she capsized, and ail hands but one were drowned. A cutter, also belonging to the French company; capsized, with loss of all on board. The direction of the worst of the storm was from S.E. to S.W. , The following letter, containing a description -of the recent disastrous cyclone which visited the New Hebrides, has been received by the Bev. Dr. Steel from Dr. -Lamb, medical missionary of the New Zealand Presbytenan Church 'Dip Point, Ambrim, March 7, 1893. 'This is a letter of distress. A hurricane has passed right over our, heads— a cyclone. I thinlr — and has ruined us and our people, if not the whole of Ambrim. I do not ask anything for ourselves, but food for the people — rice, hard biscuit, flour, beans, peas, meat— anything you can find friends willing to send us. Some of it we shall certainly need for ourselves and our 'boys' unless help comes soon. ((Tkani-ATCn lutCMm At* rr 1nr-4- 1.UV OlVLUA vu k. nvuiuaj UiUiUlUg ULOb CU1U steadily increased all day. We made everything secure and retired about 9 p.m. At 10 p.m. we were roused bv the alarming violence of tne wind and rain. The glass was falling rapidly. At 11.20 p.m. the roof of the assistant house began to yield and be torn away. At considerable danger from falling brandies they made their way to us. .Then our native staff by twos and threes came crowding into our little dining-room. It was a terrible time. The trees began to fall, the doors to burst in, and the lights to blow out. We were watching the aneroid rising and felling with every gust. It fell to 28*2 on our high-set glass, which would be much below 28*, or even 27' in an ordinary one. To make matters worse, the store behind the house, which was protecting ns, began to yield. Piece by piece it flew away, and the heavy timbers laid on its roof to keep the iron dewn were hurled upon our roof. A section of a building awaiting re-erection was picked up and hurled against the end of our house, shattering the picture inside. Then our own walls began to bend. It was an awful experience. The * boys* stood with their backs to the wall trying to support it, but in vain. Then we had to fly, whither we knew not. The lightning was intense and constant. We seemed to be walking or stumbling along in an electric flame. Mr. Mansfield went first, with one of our baby boys under his cape; I fol lowed, supporting Mrs. Lambeth with the other child. As we passed the native house, the last sec tion of the roof blew off. We hid behind tho bole of ? artree, and then the end of the assistant's house fell, and scattered as if a bomb hod fallen beside us. One sheet of iron struck me. but did no harm. Through a mimniiiTOfaiiiiliii^ Mr. MnmfiAlii led us to the chief's hut, a little low roof set «n the ground, and Occupied by tbe chief, his favourite wife, and his best tusked pig. He weloomed us, and we were glad to sit down in the dust or mud beside the ' grunter.' 'A low rude circle of coral stones surrounded the hut, protected it somewhat from the violence of the storm. The little thatch covering vibrated with the weight of the wind, and the chief was holding on to it. crying out 'Timar 1 ' — i.e., calling ou the ghost of his fattier to save him. ' The rest of our company, which now numbers some 20 bouIs, seven being Ambrim young men in training, made their way to the large native house which we built here at our first arrival, seven months ago, There ^oy gfcjju fear and trembling praying for salvation. They did not reach it without great periL Mrs. Macdowall lost her husband, and did not know whither to turn, and sat down beneath the great banyan tree on a doorstep of the concrete native cottages, whose walls were rocking and falling. Thence she fled to the native house. ' I knew not what had come of them all, and could not go to see. A tree had fallen across the entrance to the hut, crashing the stone wall. The hours seemed' endless. At last there came a lull. ^ We rushed out to find our lost party. Tho mission station was gone. The very path was lost under fallen trees and ruined huts. The whole party were found safe. More than that it was impossible to learn, for the storm burst upon us again with b roar that is impossible to describe, and from the opposite quarter. In the blinding rain and sand Mr. Mansfield and myself lost our way. Then I lost him. I clung to a shattered tree stump, and tried to dodge the falling palms. It was then I thought our end had come, for the roar of the sea, only a few yards distant, filled one's soul with horror. It seemed as though the waves were upon us, and about to sweep all away. At length, through the vivid lightning, I saw tbe outline of the chief's hut again, and made for it, creeping along the ground. I ran against my friend sheltering behind the wall, aud ignorant of his whereabouts. We got into the hut at last, the water pouring out of my dressing-gown in rivers. Mrs. Lamb and the children were stall safe. There was nothing else for us to do but sit down flat in the dirt, and, with sore eyes, stiff limbs, and growing chill, wait for the morning, the babes sleeping and crying on our knees. Poor little mites ! They got a shock they have not yet recovered from. ' As we crawled out of the hut in the grey dawn the scene around us was both awesome and pitiful: only some four huts comparatively whole, and the people's staff of life — a splendid crop of bread-fruit — lying on the ground, every tree prostrate or broken off short. ' The desolation, like the storm, is beyond the power of pen or tongue to describe. This house* or nut, in which I write is all that is left to us. Into it some 21 of ns are crowded— babe and filthy savage. All that is left of our worldly goods lies yonder in the mud and rain ; we have nowhere to ' bestow ' them. The whole land is smitten and blasted, from the seashore to the hilltops. In a few days the people will have nought to eat but dry cocoanuts, most of which have already been exported as copra. Some 4000 to 8000 people will be crying to us for sustenance. One trader here has escaped with his life, but the other one perished, also losing ship and crew, in the terrible blast that follcfw.ed the lull. Two or three other boats have been lost with their crews. We saw the poor creatures fly past before the wind, their sails blowing away, as thev rushed along in the pitiless sea. 'The people are on the best possible terms of friendship. We can trust them utterly now — though hunger may make a difference. Only some 10 days ago all disputes were settled, and everything that stood in the way of mutual understanding was removed. We are safer here than in a civilised sta'e, and have not loot a pin since our arrival by theft. ... ' Part of the station building material is probably blown away to sea. Each day brings back letters, papers, photos, &c.;, from the sand or scrub. The forests are stripped bare, and the trees that remain standing are merely bare poles. The birds are homeless wanderers, and add to the sorrow of deso lation.' 