AMONGST THE BOOKS. LITERARY C03SIP. Mr. "William Watson will shortly issue, through Messrs. Elkin Mathews and John Lane, his long promised proao volume, Excursions in Criticism , and a now and daring poem written in September last. This poom is entitled The Eloping Angela : A Caprice. Mr. W. E. Henloy has beon offered tho honorary dogroo of LL.D. by tho Sonatus of St. Andrew's University. Tho lost person thus honored by St, Andrew's was Mr. George Meredith. Mr, Henley's olaims to tho dis tinction are almost too well known to need recapitulation. But were such honors distri buted only on account of scholastic attainment, Mr. Henley's thorough knowledge of French literature, especially of the romantio movement, and his mastery of the dangerous art of art oriticlBm, would provide a moro than sufQoient title. The Song of the Sword, which gave a name to Mr. Henley's last volume of poems, was written at St. Andrew's. .umiuu nui UMW uiU J.WVI CW QJ IlCVlCWS contains in its Australian division nothing of very" striking interest. Portraits arc given of the Now/Zealand Ministry and of the Australian cricketers, together with the customary solce- ooVicaiures from the oomic papers. In the English division the place of honor is given to a oharffrtot sketch of the Pull Mall Gazette, wjth portraits of its editors, from Mr. Frederiok greenwood to Mr. H. J. O. Oust, who is now -trying his prentice hand. Mr. Stend knows what he is writing about, and his account of the history of the journal with whioh his nnmo will always be associated is full of vigor. Tho in ception of tho Pall Mall Gazette was due to Mr. Frcclorick Greenwood, but its name was soleotcd at the instance of its publisbor, Mr. George Smith, of Smith, Elder and Co, Thinking Mr. Greenwood's suggestion, The Evening Pcvicw, a colorless title, Mr. Smith, talking the matter over one day with Miss Thaokoray, said the idea had come into his mind of calling it tho Pall Mall Gazelle , after tho papor in Pendennis, writton by gentlemen for gontlemcn. Miss Thaokoray eogerly caught at tho proposal. It would so please her father, she said, for the idea of Thackeray as dead and uninterested in tho affairs of the world ho had so recently quitted was quite foreign to her thoughts. So to ploase the groat novelist tho new journal was then aud thoro christened tho Pall Mall Gazette, despite all tho objections whioh Mr. Greenwood raised. Mr. Stead sheds Homo light on tho violsaitudos of its enroer and the chameleon clmugos it has undergone, but oven its conver sion from Glads tonianium to Unionism does not cause him altogother to discard his sympathy for the journal with which he was connected for many years. An anouymous writer in tho North China Herald contributes some interesting notes of a visit paid to Tennyson at Favingford a few years ago. When an attompt was made to "draw" Tennyson on tho subjcob of pootry, Tennyson did nob launch out into a criticism of Wordsworth, Shelley and ICeats, as the interro gator hoped he would. But be did give this nififiA nf fldvifin and tlinf. mnaf. SnnnrMainalv " Road Milton," ho said. Then ho began to recite some of his own poetry, standing still in tho middle of the road, gcstiaulating with bis staff and fixing his nuditor with bis glittering oyo. Soma people used to find this habit of bis a little embarrassing. Iudoed, bis Bon Hallam took him to task for it mora than once. "Hallam tells me I oughtn't to rcoito my poetry to pebplo out of doors," Tonnyson oom- plaincd on ono. occasion. "I think it's very rudo of Hallam." TennyBon spoke mneh and feelingly about tho progress of thought which had characterised the latter lmlf of the nine teenth century — the modification of one's con ceptions of many things, and the extreme lengths to which some men had gone. It was with wondering contempt that he referred to Gorald Masscy's theory that no snob person as tho historical Christ bad over lived, and that tho wholo Christ Btory was a sun myth. Yet bis own beliefs muBt have been vague. "Thoro is only ono thing," ho said, "of which I feel absolutely oonvinced and sure, and that is a future life." Tennyson told an oxoollont story of somothing that happened in the room in which they were. It was apropos of spiritual ism. "You seo that great table?" ho said, pointing to a huge, mnssivc, ponderous piece of furniture in the corner. Then he went on to toll how ono night a trial was made at table turning, with the result that that very tablo raced about, and span and turned and twisted and capered to such an extent that even those aocustomed to such prcceodings felt a certain oonstci nation. Suddenly tbo thing stopped dead. The moment before Bishop IVilbcrforco had entered the room and mentally cxalaimed, "In the name of God the Father, God the Sop. and God the Holy Ghost, I adjure tlioo sttlk" The table novor danced in the Wshopjt presonce again. j ' 