Story Column. |Now FntstFuwaBHED. Outlaw&Lawmaker.; . AN ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE. . - By MRS. CAMPBELL PRPD, Author of "The Head Station," "Tho Bond of 'Wedlook," "The Brother of the Slindow," "Passion and Polioy," " Nadino," "Ail' Australian Horomo." And Joint Author with Mr. Jim tin M'Carthy op "TheLudioB' Gailory," "ThoRight Honourable," &c.; ah, queensland eights deserved.) CHAPTER X. Jensen's ohost. ' Well,' sho said. ' Why ?' ' Why ?' lie repeated. 'Do you know any people at Teebar ?' ' No,' she answered, and blushed at one of her most painful recollections which the name evoked, ' At' least—not now.' 'No, because the person you once knew, and who lived there, is dead, He was a man called Jensen. I knew him very well. He had a station close up to the townsaip,' . . ' Yer,' she said, in a stifled way. 'Ho took, to drinking, as you know, and killed himself.' ' 1 did not kuo w. Killed himself ?' ' As surely as any man who ever blew his bruins out. He did not drink, did he, when you know him ?' 'No. Mr. Blake, I know what yon mean, and it is cruel, it is wicked to blamu me for that.' Sfco half rose in her agitation. ' It wasn't my fault that he 'That he loved you. No, that was certainly not your fault. There must ho a great many men who love you. But I was sorry for poor J onsen. He looked n stupid fellow when I knew him, but he wns clever enough to write very decent verse. And he looked rather a weak creature, but he was strong enough to bo faithful to tho one woman he ever loved.' 'What did ho toll you about me? Dou't he afraid of hurting me.' ' He told me all that had ever passed between you — his version of course — but it was so detailed that I think it must have been pretty near the truth. You encouraged him a good deal.' 'Yes — I encouraged hin.' 'I think you were engaged to him for two days ?' 'I— 1 said I would marry him— if I could like him woll euougb.' ' And at the end of two days — you didn't give it a long trial — you told him that you had only engaged yourself for an experiment, to .see what it felt like, and you throw him over.' 'Yes, that is trqe. I couldn't oare for him enough.' '' ' ' ' There waB a silence. At last he said, I saw a good deal of Jensen. I did what I could to reclaim liim, but he said he had no faith in man nor woman, and so motive for living. Prom what I could gather, ho used to be a healthy-minded man, fond of sport and of work, and not disposed to take a morbid view of life. .You will understand that J was naturally anxious to meet tho lady who had been able to effect such a change, besides what he told me about you made me feel that you would bo interesting.' Elsie seemed to he strangling emotion. She spoke in a hard voice, out once or 'twice with' a dry sob, and with her face turned irom him. ' I know what you must think of me. You must think that I am fair game for anybody. You must think that I am as bad as a woman can he. I am certainly spt going to excuse myself. I only want to say that I was very young, and that I had never felt deeply about anything, and had no idea that anyone else could feel in that way. I want to say, . too, that I had .been brought up to think that I must marry well— — ' ' And Jensen was very well off. Yes, I'know.' ' It is horrible. It io humiliating. It is utterly undignified; When I think of it my cheeks burn, and I loathe myself. Do you know,' her voice dropped though she spoke with passionate vehemence, 'he is the only man— except my father — who has ever kissed mo. I hate him for that.' Bloke uttered an exclamation of mingled surprise and sympathy. He had never dreamed of this odd kind of virginal pride in Elsie. Her curious unconven- tionality, her impulsive speeob, all that he had heard of her had prepared him for a different sort of woman. Elsio went on still in that hurried vehement way. ' I hated him the day he did that, and I told him so. I suppose ho told you that. I felt that I never wanted to see him again — to be taken possession of — that. wasn't what I meant. It is quite true th"at I had had a fancy that it might he amusing to bo engaged. I have always had a ouriosity about fife, about different kinds of experience. I thought that I should have an- entirely new sot of feelings, and that this was to . be the door to them. You can't imagine anything more ohildish, and stupid, and ignorant. I don't know why I am tolling you all this. I hate myself for doing so.' . ' Don't do that,' ho said in a different manner from his former one. 'Iamvory glad that you have told me.' . ' I have been.trying to forget it q\l. I would never let myself think of it. I heard that he had died, but I did not know how. . As I got to know other men, and saw;for how-little flirtation oounted, and how soon they got over disappoint- ments of that kind, I got to think Ipsa v about it. And then I never felt deeply about anybody, and how could I know ' "That anybody might come to feel deeply about you? And so you have / gone on flirting with men, and liking . them, perhaps, until they too have wanted /-to tako possession of you, and then that \----- -fierce thing in yon has roused up and has made you oruel. You have nover yet met your match— quite.' : The J quite ' was an afterthought. He woe thinking of frank HaUett'..' ; I 'I hope,' he went on, A that you won't flpd ypur match after you' are-married, That would be th? worst misfortune that could happen to you.' ' ' v < Why do you say that ?' she asked, ,'Jtepause all 'that you have told mo makes pro oertain that you have the oapa- oity for a feeling whioh when it comes vyill almost frighten you.' , ' Could one be frightened of love?' she said softly. ' I have often wished that 1 could really loye someone,' ' Don't wish it— iqnless you arc quite certain that the man you love is worthy of your love and capable of giving you baok . oil that you give— don't wish it unless you are certain, too, that the man you love can marry you.' She shrank together a little. ' I think wo had hotter go in,' she said. 'The dance will begin presently.' He got up and gravely offered her his arm. 'Miss Valliaut, you are going baok soon tOyLeiobhardt's Town. 'Will you allow me to call upon you and your mother?' 'Yes, certainly,' she answered, and added, ' We live on Emu Point.' They walked towards the house. Before they reached the veranda, Elsie stopped and faced him. 'I am very sorry for what I said to you this evening,' she said impulsively. ' I hope you will for get it.' 1 1 am afraid that I can't promise to do that,' he answered. 'Then, at least, you will not remind me of it?' ' ' Ah ! that of course I oan promise. As far as lies in my power I will try not to remind you of it.' ' Thank you. I think that I will sit down here. If you see Mr. Frank Hal- lett will you tell him where I am ?' to be continued to-morrow. J 