' SPIRITS AND THEIIt I WAYS.' (fiy Mr. Stuart Cumberland in the Pall Mall Gazette,) Materialisations, Tbe days of gbost-oatobing are praoti oally past. Tbe mediums wbo 'materia- lise*' spirit-forms are wary, and materia lise ill tbe preBenoe of those wbo are dis inclined to lay rude bands upon their visitors from tbe otbor world. But, for the deleotatlon of the faithful, forms are still ' materalised ' and accented bv them aseplrlts above proof — tbis Ib dis proof. I bave caught 'spirits,' Sir G-erge Sitwell has caught a 'spirit,' aud the late Crown Prlnoe Rudolph bas added to the long list of captures. Io eaob case the captured 'spook' bas beeo either the me'dlam or a confederate masquerading as a 'form.' Home seldom went beyond 'materia- lising ' a ' eplrlt-band,' although on one oooaelon he materialised a foot In tbepre eence of Napoleon III. Tbe ' spirit ' to whom tbis toot belonged wan no reBppcter ui perBUUU ; u— iub iuui— »uiunuy mu»eu tbe then great Emperor, wbo, eo tbe story goes, was not able to sit down wltb com fort for the rest of the evening. After tbis, Home— who bsd toleave Paris— gave up materialising 'splril-feet.' It Is not necessary lo describe a mate rialisation' (Cince ; It la always the same old oarl.llnna All thai T need do Is to explain bow tbe 'bUBineBa' Is worked. Some medlumB work from a cabinet, some from behind a curtain, whilst others 'materialise' In the open — In the dark. Sime cabinets bave a trap door. In euob oases a confederate can work tbe oracle whilst tbe medium alts securely tied In tbe cabinet. But many mediums work single-handed, ' materialising' under wbat are termed ' stringent test conditions tbat is tossy. tbey allow themselves to be searched before com mencing tbe Ffiince, and after being searched to be secured In some form or other. Leave It to them, however, to get out of their bonds. A favourite ' test' was tbat of placing tbe medium in a eaok I drawn tlgbtly round the medium's neck with a running tape, wbloh was tied In a knot at tbe back and sealed. The wrists were also tied wilb tapes, tbe ends passed tbrougb two little boles in the bag, knotted, and sealed, Uudereucb condl tionsit would be Impossible for a medium to get out of tbe bag without either out ting tbe tapes or breaking tbe eeale, But your medium kuows a tbiog or two. When be Is In the bag be draws down a coupln of teet or eo of the running tape from a Utile slit in the bem loxlde and loopB it on to a honk in bis waistcoat. You bind ; but all tbe medium has to do H to unhook the loop, leaving blm plenty of room lo crawl out of the bag. But how about the tapes round bis wrists? Tbat is simple enough, Tne medium does not pass tbe finds of these tapes through tbe boles for you to tie, but dummy ends wltb whiob be bas supplied himself. Io this way be is Dever se cured, aod Cin 'materialise' at his own eweet will. Tbe 'spirit garments' are sometimes banded in by a confederate ; tbey may be concealed In a secret reoess, to wbicb the a little phospbroua oil, eome etrlps of wadding, and tbe trick is done. ' Materialised forms' require but few ' props.' Witb wadding a medium can readily change blB face to any appearance. Let any one of my reader* try tbe experi ment. Take a piece nf wadding, cut out two boles for tbe eyes and a eiit for tbe moutb, smear tbe faoe wilb glycerine, aod etlck it on ; tbrow some white muslin over ttie head, aud your best friend, iu a dim light, will take you for anything but wbat you are. Tbe face of tbe fresh and youthful spirit Ib produced by rubbing a little rouge on tbat portion of tbe wad ding which covers the cheeks. A little Common or garden blue will makeaghost sufficiently ancient tn satisfy tbe moBt exacting In tbtB direction. I may men tion for tbe luformntion of those wbo wisn to go in [or a lime amiieur ' materialisation' tbat a patent bas not yet been taken out for tbis ghostly make up. Tbe 'spirit-hand' business is Interest ing even to the unbeliever. If well done ; to tbe emotional it is decidedly creepy, while to the out-and-out believer it is ever a most convincing sign. Tbe ' spirit band' is worked at a covered table, at wbicb sits tbe medium. The medium places bis bands up tbe table and tbe third and 'spirit-band' appears at bis side. Tbe 'sitters' are always some distance from tbe table while tbe ' mani festation Is being worked. ' But bow does tbe medium produce tbe third band, if, as you say, both of bis bands are upon tbe table In full view of tbe sitters 1' That Is the rub. Tbe medium bas a stuffed-coloured glove, to wbich Is at tached a cuff ; to tbis cuff Is attached a piece of strong elastic. Tbe elaBtfo rune op bis trousers-leg, and 1s fastened round Ills waist. Before tbe t6 toce begins tbe glove lies bidden In tbe leg of bis trousers; be, unseen by tbe sitters, draws down the glove, Bnd fixes tbe cuff on tbe toe of bU boot. The 'aplrlt-hand' is dow ready for production. He slides bis leg to tbe foot of wbicb tbe glove la flxed over bis otber leg, so that tbe glove JUBt comes In elgbt — tbe leg Itself is covered by tbe tablr-clotb. The ' spirit-baud' la pro duced. He wlth-draws bis leg, displaces tbe glove wltb tbe other foot, and tbe elastic pulls It up blB trousers, as before. Tbe 'spirit-band' bas disappeared, I oould go on explaining tbe various forms of 'materialisation'' until tbe fuur- and-twenty columns of tbis paper would not afford space enough to contain wbat I wrote ; but tbe Instances I bave given will, I fancy, sutfioe. One Jugglery explains another jugglery ; wbat more will vou? ' Materialised forms,' as beoome airy fairy visitors from tbeother world, should be light on tbelr feet. Tbis Is wby medlumB divest themselves of tbelr boots when tbey are 'materialising.' But this consideration for tbe spirits' light ness of tread has Its drawbacks. Bastian lu ble eagerness to eaoape from tbe clutches of tbe Crown Prlnoe Rudolph, fled from tbe eGtnoe room unsbod. Tbe spirit be 'materialised' left blm no address where bis boots could be sent on lo, and they, I believe, remain at tbe palace in Vienna to this day. On one occasion a Yankee medium, wbo bad ' materialised' the spirit ol Dante, came utterly to grief. When Dante's 'spook' was gliding across tbe sfiance room he trod upon tbe business ends of a number of tin taoks, wbich some wicked sceptic 1i»d strewn upon tbe floor. The lungusge of that 'spook' was uu apeakabTy shocking. It was not of course lo be expeoted tbat » 'spook' would bs.sllent under euob ex ceptionally distressing circumstances ; but, allowing tbat Dante might be per mitted to deliver himself of a few blgD's, be certainly ought lo liave sworn In Florentine instead oftliu broad Yankee that bo did I Bui, agalu, wbat will you, the 'materialised form' being tbe medium? ? ? SABBAV's EuoalyptUB aud Podophyl lln Pills, tbe best and safest Medlalne In Queensland. ForetlmulatlnR the otomaob »ud liver they have no equal. Prepared only by A. D. Habrap, Chemist, Mary- 1 borough, 