Christianity and Business Disputes. ! A sermon preached at Rochdale, February 26, 1893, in connection with tho cotton industry dis putes, by Rev. J. M. Wilson, H.A., Archdeacon of Manchester. ST. LUKE, Chapter 12. For some weeks past the thoughts of many of us have been turned to the great dispute in the cotton industry, and we very much desire to see the right principle for judging of such matters. I shall noe speak here about the dispnto itself, or tho rights and wrongs on either side. But I feel it to be my ' "duty to put before you what seems to me - Christ's teaching to us all as to the way of regarding Buch disputes, as to tho temper in which they should be conducted, and the only way in which either their recurrence can bo prevented, or, if they recur, they can be prevented from passing from disputes into quarrels, alienation, bitterness, and even hatred and ita fatal consequences. This chapter in St. Luke's "Gospel, the 12th, you may not have studied as a whole. Yet it is as a whole that it seems to me to oontainour Lord's teaching on ' THE APPLICATION,'OF HIS PRINCIPLE TO BUSINESS. I am sure that Bible readers-and I do earnestly wish that you wore all Bible readers, or would become so-I am sure that all Bible readers will thank me for trying to bring out the connective thought of this chapter; and I think that some of you who are not Bible readers will al?o be interested in seeing what practical and noble teaching there is in this pas sage of the Gospel. ^Turn, then, to the 12th chapter of St. Luke, if you have your Bibleawith you, and, if not, read it at home. There is " an innumerable multitude," a vast crowd of people, pushing, "treading on one another," to ' hear Christ speak. He is tell ing them that it is no real religion which will not stand the test of appli cation to the business of every-Say lif«; that the danger of professedly religious people is hypocrisy, which means that we should think we can keep our religion for Sundays and for mere talk, and not let it run right through our life. So he tells that every secret thought and motive, all dishonesty and sharp practice and hard dealing, all the wire-pulling and manoeuv ring, shall bring forth its fruit-all Bhall be known at last. ** Nothing is hid," says our Lord, in this world of God's, " that shall not be known." Oh, some one says, that will not do. Business is business. We must fight for ourselves, and not be too scrupulous, or we shall starve. WE MUST DO AS OTHERS DO. No, says our Lord. There is a Providence which protects the good. Are not five sparrows sold for two farthings ? They are cheap, and yet God cares for them. Much more does God take care of you. The hairs of your head are all num bered. Christ's teaehing unquestionably is, whether we believe it or not, that all our astions are far-reaching, judged not by immediate reBults, and that nothing will stand God's final judgment except what is just and true and hon est. The eternal laws of God, and of human nature, too, are against all dishonesty, and op pression, and covetousness and wrong. Nothing can succeed except what is right. That alone is Godlike, and that alone will succeed. It is thus that Providence protects the good. The world may try ten thousand experiments, and endeavor to produce a happy, united, prosperous nation out of selfish units and selfish classes. All such ex periments are doomed to failure; Godliness, Christliness, is the only path to national wel fare. Then follows that awful verse about the un forgiveable sin against the Holy Ghost. In its connection you will now see what it means. It means that some will hesitate to accept Christ as the Divine Son of God, will question his authority to make such sweeping and strong affirmations. Who is this Son of Man that we should follow him ? Well, said Christ, I forgive at once all such distrust and questioning of me; whosoever shall blaspheme against tho Son of Man it shall be forgiven him. Christ will not assert himself, he can afford to waive his own authority. But, he goes on, if you shut your ears to the voice of the Holy Spirit in your hearts, if you laugh at the notion of guiding your conduct by RIGHTNESS AND JUSTICE, and the divine principle of goodness and charity, then you. blaspheme tho ligbt God has put in your hearts, the Holy Spirit, and this cannot in the nature of things be forgiven. You commit yourself to a fight against God and his eternal laws; failure and punishment are certain. It is no question cf heaven and hell ; it ia a question of God's government of this world. Nothing but what is right, true, juBt can stand ; and to find it God . gives the Holy Spirit to the hearts and consciences of men. Hero is tho eternal truth, which governs all human action. So he taught the throng that surrounded him. He paused and looked round on the crowd of people-keen, eager Jews-and we know what Jews are still. And then a voice was heard from the crowd. Master, these principles aro all very well j but the difficulty is to apply them. " Master, speak unto my brother that ne divide the inheritance with me." There ia some wealth-laud it may be, or money-that belongs to ua both ; we are brethren, sons of one father; ho is the stronger, und ho baa taken it all, and I am only just able to live. Tell him that we aro brethren, aud "bid'him divide the inheritance with, mo." It is the voice of the poor, of the laborer, of every age. " Master," they say, " there ia an in heritance-tho good things of thia world-which we all ought to sharo alike. Tho rich and the poor are brethren-sons of one Father in heavon -and yet the rich take all, leaving na only enough to keep ua alive. Master," says the poor, " speak unto my brother, the rich, that he diyide the inheritance with me. Tell him that wo ought to ehare equally." We instinctively feel that tho man has gone to the root of the matter. Here ia THE PEO BLE M OF LABOE AND CAPITAL, of masters and men, of socialism and individual ism. Tell my brother that he ought to share equally. The cry of the poor always is : Speak unto the rich, that he divide the inheri tance with me. Our hearts respond with instant sympathy ; but what says our Lord ? and no one can question hia profound sympathy with, the poor. He absolutely refuses to decide, or even to entertain the question. "Man," he says-and there ÍB a tone of severity in the reply-" who made me a judge or a divider over you ?" It is as if he said : Snoh questions have unknown and far-reaching intricacies j they relate to the very structure of society; they must bo dealt with by constituted authorities and laws, and not be dealt with offhand by abstract principles laid down by a moralist. The important thing for us to notice is that Christ absolutely refuses to lay down the princi ple that it is part of the eternal fitness of things that there should be equality-an equal ßharing of the good things of thia world. And if this is a right interpretation of Christ's words, as I am sure it is, it ia, the right thought for us to make our own as we approach all Buch questions. Inequality in itself ia not wrong, and not condemned by Christ. It ia not his way of remedying social evils and wrongs by declaring that all men ought to share alike. HIS EEMEDY IS NOT MECHANICAL, it is moral. What is Christ's remedy ? It is : " Take heed and beware of covetousness." Christ insists that " a man's life consists not in the abund ance of the things which he possesses." Our prevailing mistake is immensely to over-estimate the value of wealth, to imagine that it contributes far more to happiness than it can do. Obeerve how exact Christ's words are. He says : A man's life consists not in the abundance, in having plenty. A man's life does consist in having enough. AB Bishop Butler said, There is a com mand which comes before even the command to be good, and that ia the command to be. To maintain life ia the first duty. But after a cer tain moderate point a man's life is not enriched when his possessions and income are increased. On the contrary, his true life may very easily be starved, and very often is so. You remember the terrible parable our Lord immediately goes on to give them-of the man who grow wealthier and wealthier, and pulled down his barn to build greater, when God said to him, "Thou fool; this night thy soul, thy poor starved soul, shall be required of thee." This is Christ's teaching, and it is absolute truth. Nothing but a pre vailing high sense of wherein true life consists can mitigate disputea about wealth. There is Christ's Beeret. Life consists in love to God and mean; peace, moderate desires, large-hearted charity, and goodness; and in many a cottage there is more of these, and more of true life and happiness, than in many a mansion. Christ insists that it is WHAT A MAN IS, NOT WHAT HE HAS, that makes him a true man and a happy man. Business would remain business, but its fierceness and acerbity would be gone. But it is only in abundance that Christ denies that life consists not in competency. And, there fore, on the one hand, men are right in combining to secure for themselves, and for others, enough to live a true and worthy life. It ÍB needful to combine for this purpose under our present indus trial conditions, and absolutely right so to do. As long as human nature is tainted by covetous ness, and as long as an exaggerated value is set on wealth by anyone, so long will the workers be in danger of the old evils of sweating, against which the Jewish prophets declaimed, and of newer evils incidental to our factory system, petty injustice, insanitary conditions, evasions of responsibility, and misuse of power. Such defensive combinations may be, and I think now are, welcomed by all classes. On the other hand, the accumulations of capital, sometimes looked at with envious eyes, are neces sary and right. Just as for the water supply of a house an engineer will tell you how large your reservoirs must be to receive the varying influx of little streams and equalise the outflow, so experience shows that there must be large storage of capital to conduct modern business. I know no reason for thinking that the storage is exces sive. It is not the existence of trade unions., nor the existence of great capitalists that is wrong. It is THE TEMPEE OF COVETOUSNESS and unfairness and ill-will and irresponsibility. And here I feel hound to say how little there is in Lancashire of this temper on either side. The spirit of fairness on both aides has hitherto, as far as I have observed, marked this dispute, and we cannot be too thankful for it. It is., I think, the clear proof that it is not in general tho spirit of covetousness on eithor side that caused or pro longs the dispute, but unavoidable causes, in creased by "bona fide and removable misunder standing o£ the position. But I must return to my chapter. The lesson Christ goes on to enforce on the disputants in the case brought before him is that we are stewards of our wealth. It is given us for use. A mil lionaire will not be the worse for being such if hi remembers always that his money is held in traBi for God; and a working man will not be selfish_oi unjust or envious, if he never forgets that in creased wages must mean increased responsibility -the making his life, and that of his family, and that of the class belovr him, spiritually and morally botter. Nothing but this senso of the true aim of life, for ourselves and tho nation, and the valuing money only as it secures thia and enables us to help others to get the same advan tage; nothing but a real scorn for all the mere show and luxuries of wealth, and the weighty sense of responsibility for using what we possess, be it much or little, as a trust from God, to help us to be as good and useful aa we can be; nothing but this TEMPER OF TRUSTEESHIP which Christ teaches can sweeten our industrial life. There is nothing in the world so absolutely, pressingly praîtical, as the Christian temper, as the words and spirit and teaching of Christ. And the chapter concludes with a plain warning. If disputes arise-no matter on which side the greater show of justice may lie-and if the quarrel is pushed to the bitter end, then every bitter feeling, every hard word, shall bring forth ita fruit, its inevitable fruit. " You shall pay," he tells us, " the very laBt mite." " Agree," saya Christ, "agree with thine adversary quickly whiles thou art in the way with him." Better a thousand timeB to make concessions, even to submit to what you think injustice, than to prosa the quarrel to the bitter end. Such ia, aa I believe, our Divine Master's teach ing. "Whether I am right in my applications of it ia for you to judge. Of the teaching itself I have no doubt. To one and all it says--"Take heed and be"ware of covetousness, for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he poessesseth." 