Brcrmiucnt f/nptrs, iFUiNcii AND KNOWN)). TUB relations between Pfiinoo nnd England aro becoming strained They bare not. been really cordial for th« Hast year or two, notwithstanding any thing to the contrary thai may have IIPDU said in the polite and conciliatory language of court or cabinet. - So much may [be gatlierod from' the language of tho lending French roview*. But the unfriehdly fooling on the »tido of France is now showing more on the surface than hati been the case since the bombardment of Alexandria and tho English ooettpaijoii of Egypt commenced. When tho poling Khedive, in whoso friendly feel, mgs tho Enulish Government confidently centred its hopes of peaceful days in the land of tho Pliarottlis, resented ISnglish dictation, and when the English forces were strengthened as a warning to the patriotic Abbas nnd * Uis abettors, the French let it be dearly seen tlmt they did not approve of that measure, aud they have never sineo given England rest on tho occupation question. Some concession has been made to their repeated demands by tho withdrawal of a portion of the troops Kent to overawe Abbas and the native population sympathising with him, Inn nothing less than evacuation will satisfy the French, and so long as <he English occupation continues there •«ill bo an unsettled question between tho two nations which any day may become a cause of war, or a pretext, on the part of France for provoking it. The Mtuation is rather serious for Eng. laud just at present, as may bo seen from •%u dry tin message givon elsewhere. Abbas nnd the natives aro disaffected to the English protectorate, and are chafing angrily under it. Lord Cromer has not 'wen « success as a representative of England, and the blunders he committed are fur from being covered by the show of force made at, Itis instigation. After relating in tho Nimtwnth Century the events which led to tho substitution of Itiae Pasha foe Fakri, Mr. Wilfrid Blouut says:— It was not a aomplcte triumph for cither side, and Lord Cromer was able to Gave hie diplomatic dignity, Bui in eubstanoa tho Main was all for Abbas; and so the entire native public at once interpreted it. Abbas icoKinu the hero of the national movement. And so the'lmatter tor th« moment ended. Lord Crouiur's urgent appeal for the reinforcement ot tho British garrison marks his sense ot tbo extent ot his diplomatic failure. It was needed to RRVO him from a position which had become ungate and undipped, Abbas had suddonly won unbounded popu. lfti ity, mid it WRB discovered that tho rauk and iilu ot the native troops could 'not be counted on to obey their liritiili oMpors, either against him or against the pfcoplo. Aud now wo learn t hat tho nativo puffers, unchecked by Abbas, aro making " rabid attacks on the English officials. France may or may not have a hand in all this, but that tho situation is favourable to her interference is obvious. She is thus encouraged to press for evaoualion, and the existing stato of things is one of tho strongest reasons why Eng. laud could not just at present comply with that, demand. Tho situation is, therefore, far more critical thau it has been, and it is complicated by the impression tho French aro under that Eng. land is making trouble for them on tho Mekong. Tho London correspondent of tho Ayr, telegraphing on tho 2Mb May, says ;•— M. Fieurens, tho well-known Frenob statesman, in a public snoeoh, has stated that Franco has occupied Khong, in Siamese territory, in order to secure tho control ot the Mekong liivar. Tlw French Uovornment, he added, had no intention of allowing their colony on the Slam frontier to perish under tho liritiah knife. It is hard to believe that thero is no foundation for a charge so often made "tut now repeated with significant phasis by n statesman of M, Fleurens' standing. It is not at alt a case in which a groundless suspicion of under, bani work <m the pari of England would W at all likely to arise, fur the sphere of English influence and activity does not ordinarily moh Siarn. What, ever the facts may turn to be on which tho charge rests, it is certain that they will piwe to have been uncommon, and the English Government nuy on that account experience some difficulty in satisfactorily explaining them, How *ver that may be, the leeling that England is endeavouring to Utwart their Rteat eokmmng oflVwt in the Kast will tend to intUme tho anger of Frenchmen n the Egyptian question, and may thus ead to «tvally farming imwebauws of <M«8 bettrcoit the two powers. TITER* are sad niouitn EDUCATION ooniequenoes from roft tho orafco for JSVJSRTONK higher education for everyone, Retitle and simple, Hdh And poor. To our mind tho crafeo is responsible for largely ittCtensing the stock ot human misery and discontent, fend also for a very large incroale of orlttio, In many oases the young man who yould have led h Mhtented and honagfjifo at thp plbugh or the bench, as 4is 'father before him had done, has to blame tho rage for higher education and the ,fcoiv. sequent struggle for genteel amnloymcnt for his idleness* hin poverty, a'haperliaps his orimo and its punishment. Tn«,crare has already worked muoh mischief in the ranks of tho learned professions at home, and within a comparatively few years they have becomo here overstocked to an extent which is quite depressing to a disciple of law or medicine who is contemplating his prospoets in life with tho knowledge that ho is expected to starve if he oannoteithor oarn fees or survive with tho assistance of his relations or friends. The extent to which the evil has grown in Great Hritain may in somo measure be judged from a few particulars respecting one profession which the Dttily Chronicle has furnished. THO first law list was published in IfAo, aud the "King's Counsel" were then 20 and tho whole bar of I England was only 420. At the beginning of her Majesty's reign the Q.O.'s numbered seventy, and tho bar had with astonishing rapidity grown from nine hundred to over two thousand. It was in 1801 that there woro four thoussnd wigs and gowns and ono hundred and twenty- five " silks." In another ton years the latter class had beooine one hundred and eighty strong, nnd the rank-and-file of the long robo totalled five thousand eight hundred. Now thero aro two hundred and twenty Queen's Counsel, and the members of tho four Inns of Court could bo mustorcd nt about ton thousand strong. And yet, as we aro told, tho or^ is " Still they oome." With univorsitios multiplying, and these institutions yearly adding thousands to tho loarned professions, tho competition for a fee is soon likely to beooine as koen as tho strugglo for a orust in these times amongst the horny- handed sons of toil. Literature and suienoo., %Q§_A joy to thoso who do not purjtio them for broad, and also to thoso who succeed in filling their larders aud their collars by practising them, but literary or professional attainments aro a oold comfort to the man who oan> not make a living out of them, or, at best, oan only eke out of them a bare existence in which there is a constant, woarintf effort to cover poverty with a display, of \insol and ohoap finery IF wo were to notico every foolish or vioious 1<]IANT0MB, thing on the Homo ltulo question that appears in tho two Melbourne morning journals, our readers would with good reason suspect our sanity, or at the very least would tie apt to think that it was a pity wo could not find something better to do. But, kind as they are, they would notdeny us a littlo harmless amusement when it is to be got out of the blunders and exaggerations of our Unionist oontemporaries. They are muoh given to treating phantoms big nnd little for the wondering delight of their credulous friends, and for tho discouragement of Homo ltulors of the?,timid and weakkneed order. As obstacles to Homo Utile these airy nothings aro about as effective as a pitchfork would bo in stopping tho tide, but the pitchfork ts useful in it« plane, and the creations of tho Unionist imagination oan also be turned to useful account if rightly used. So treated they serve the purpose of that pro. verbiaUtraw whioh shows the way the wind blows. They aro Tain substitutes for substantial arguments, and viewed in that light they show that the opponents of Home ltulo have completely exhausted their ammunition and are driven to the necessity of using harmless paper pellets. In that diverting pastime the Jve lately indulged when it told us that the rational League of America and the Fenian organisation in Cork had passed 1 evolutions condemning the Horns Rub liill. If a Kational League still exists in toe I'm ted States its proportions mutt resemble a spade tree drotted up as a ghost, and if there is a Fenian organise tiow in Cork, or in any other part of Ireland, its existence is only known to the London correspondent ot the Ayr The only organisation in America representatm of lristuAmeriean opinion on the Iruh tjuosuon it tht Irish ttitioual Federation, and this body at a meeting 4000 strong, held in New York, 24th March, sent to Mr. Glftdatouo a message of ftymp&tltf; with his efforts to achieve justice for Ireland.and pledged itself to support his Homo Halo proposals. The phantom figures with which theUnionists are defending their sinking oause are not unlike a balloon whioh collapses When the gas estsapes and leaves no trace of {ts snort course behind it. Mit. 1)IM<ON says that TIIIOKY JOB, before Mr. Gladstone took up Home Rule, Jfr, Joseph Chamberlain was a most ardent Home Ruler. The obange would be very remarkable in anyone else than the renegade Birmingham Liberal, but in him it excites no surprise whatever. People liavo become so aooustomed to sudden changes, shifts, and stratagems on tho part of that slippery gentleman that tho only way in whtou he could excite their wonder is by returning to honest courses, And there is not the least hope that he will do that, for he has beoomo as indifferent to hie former professions and pledges as a fraudulent debtor is to his promises. He is now looking as hopefully to tho action of tho House of Lords on the Home Kule Bill as the Tory chief himself, nnd is looking as reverently up to that House as any flunkey liokupitiler of rank and title in the land. He is willing to bow his head as meekly and lowly to the pretensions and privileges of that chamber as any understrapper wearing its livery. Ana tho Mr. Joseph Chamberlain who now observes that deferential attitude towards tho hereditary legislators, in a speech at Denbigh, 20th October, 1884, thus spoke of thorn s— 1 am rather thankful than otherwise to gentlemen who will take tbo trouble of wearing robes and ooronets and who will keep up a certain state and splendour whioh is very pleasing to look upon. They are anoicnt monuments, and I tor ono should be very sorry to detaee them. But, gentlemon, I do net admit that wo oan build upon thoso interesting ruins tho foundations of our Government. I cannot allow that these antiquities Bhould oontrol the destinies of a free Empire, and when they press their olaims without discretion and without moderation—when they press them to an extent whioh their predeoeBBors never contemplated, I sav they provoke inquiry and controversy whioh cannot but end }ta their humiliation. I have read somewhere; the saying of a oertain Rumbold, who, was i Puritan soldier in the time of the Stuarts, to the effect that ho would bsli^wj in hereditary legislators when he found (hat men were born into the world, some of them with saddles on their backs and others with bits and spurs ready to ride them, That condition has not yet been fulfilled." MB. ISAACS rosiURING. FOB one so young to publio lifo as the ex-Soli* oitor- Gtauoral he per. ceivod with remarkable outeness that ho might turn the Attorney-General's deoision in tho Mercantile Bank oaso to his own advantsge if he were only willing to betray his oolleagues. There aro not many members of Mr. Isaacs' profession who would have perceived in the oiroumstanoes of the case an opportunity for winning a little cheap popularity, and happily there aro fow to whom tho temptation, if it had presented itself, would have been too strong. Thieves are not the only people among whom honour is found; if lawyers may be oredited with a fair share of that rather scaroe commodity Uiere aro not many of them of any repute to whom it would occur that tho situation in which Mr. Isaacs found himself was one of which they might take advantage as he has aone. Thero aro none of them, wo should hopo, who aspire without presumption to servo their country in high ofiloe under the Crown, who would regard the obligations of tho position as Tightly as hu did, or in office would be oapablev of sacrificing their col leagues, to V mlse or »retended sense of, duty. There was, as the result has prhved, somethjnfejto be ained from\the disloyalty of which Mr, f saaes has beWguUty.^Ut iUs"doubtful that tlie loss and gain account balance in the esse. The loss is that he has raised against himself a serious obstaole to sue- OTSS in public life, as henceforward there will be a natural disinclination to take turn into a ministry lest as a crank, or * hysterical enthusiast, he should endanger it. Whatever view politicians take of his recent action, whether »t be that he juggled tor popularity, jealously worked against a colleague, or was betrayed by vanity into waiting himsdf above other men as the great otbwal purist to whose heroism in the cause of virtue sooiety nlwuld took for redemption, they Will look askant hrn u at onowtOt whom it would not be very safe to have anything to do in publio affairs. Mr. Isaacs' gain may be briefly described as !a little fleeting popularity. By playing up to an excited state of public opinion he has gained its approval. There was » popular olamour for a viotim, and he won the popular ear by going as far as he dare do towards Supplying the want. By clever posturing at a favourable moment as a ohampion of justioe and tho friend of an aggrieved people he has won their plaudits. By indulging in heroics suoh as would have brought him ridicule in more sober times he has imposed upon a highly wrought state of publio opinion; but when the excitement has passed that opinion, so far as it oonoerns Mr. Isaaos, will be considerably modified if not entirely reversed. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and the Ministry ean well afford to wait for the verdiot of the country in calmer times, when people will bo capable of seeing and acknowledging that it oould not be expeoted that in obedience to the popular wish ho would aot against the diotatcs of his judgment nnd his conscience, or that, the Ministry oould have sacrificed him for so acting, and oondoned tho refraotory conduct of its Solioitor-Oeneral. WHAT, it is asked, FOBKidtf AND oould a domestic Par- DOMESTIC liament do for Ireland GOVERNMENT, that the British Parliament might not aoomplish for that country. The question now is not what the English Parliament might have done, but what it has not done, and what an Irish Parliament would bo o&pable; of doing and would not leave undone. As the Irish people are mainly dependent for their existence on tho land and on agriculture, care Bhould have boon taken to encourage the very best systems of tillage, and to instruok cottagers and small tenant-farmers in those small industries whioh have been brought to such perfection in Franco and Belgium, and even in I>enmark. Instead of allowing Smithfield to take the bulk of its supplies in eggs, in poultry, and butter from these and other countries abroad, some steps should have been taken to enable the Irish producers to profitably oompete with their foreign rivals. This is pointed out by a writer in the\ Dublin Freeman, who says_ ( t Surely it is time that there Bhould be someone in authority to direot a oourse of publio instruotioh to show the farmers how to improve their stook, to make them realise the market value ot cleanliness and neatness. It just makes me sad to see Italy, Franoe, RuBsia, Oanada, and even Australia meeting Ireland in Smithfield, and almost invariably driving her to the wall- Ireland, with all her natural resources and advantages, within half a day's journey of the biggsst food market ot the world, with her peasant class noted for its aptness and intelligenoe. . . . I wonder would a Minister ot Agriculture, it we get one—BOO anything to remedy in the faot that the wholesale oarriage of butter and poultry is ohoapor from Australia to London than from l)ublin to London. The oargo of the Ballarat was oonveyed at the rata of Id. per pound and realised £5600. Tho writer studied in a poultry sohool in Franoe, and he states confidently that if poultry rearing were carried out on approved principles in Ireland, it would Deoome a profitable industry. He gives his reasons for that assertion, but these have no great interest for us out here. We only mention the subjeot for the purpose of showing how a foreign parliament neglected its duties in Ireland, and how a native parliament, in small matters no less than in large, might be expooted to remedy that neglect. Tho policy of the foreign parliament was depopulation and cattle raising—the polioy of an Irish Parliament would be to attaoh people to tho soil, and to promote cultivation. The policy of the foreign parliament was to preservo tho Irish market to British manufacturers, tho polioy of the native parliament would be to encourage industries of all kinds, big and small, in town and country, aud means would be found for doing so, notwithstanding the restrictions of the Home Kule Bill on tariff questions. 