[?] « Ai-il THE DRAMA, , Mr. George Darroll has taken ttleak/'dfQhb' Royal and, haying thus in a managerial sensiT given hostages to fortune, is resolved to door die. Without the least desire to join the dismal ohorus of the "depressionists," we confess that it displays uncommon pluolc on the part of any sane individual to undertako the serious respon sibility of cendueting a largo theatre at the pre sent jiinoture' in Melbourne. Rut this gentle man's disregard of tlio' "slings and arrows "that Hamlet speakB. of is proverbial. He has re ceived somo very hard knocks, in his time, but he lias always turned up smiling, ready to receive further punishment if necessary. The critics have been unsparing in their estimate of his faults, and, truth to tell, nature lias given him, from an acting point of view, his share of these. They have denounced him as a dramatist and ridiculed his olaims to be considered even a poor player. Yet ho never winced or allowed depreciation or abuse to interfere with his digestion. A man of this kind is to be envied if not admired. This pachydermatous indif ference to othor pooplo's opinions is nn invalu able quality, particularly in ono whoso profes sion is "to pleaso to livo." Mr. Darroll commenced his stage career by marrying the widow of Mr. Robert Heir, who— the husband not the widow— like many nwandoringThospian, only visited tho colonies to leave his bones thcro. Mr. Darrell was then a very young man, very en thusiastic and very courageous. He worked hard to como to the front as nn aotor of repute, and he manifested n desire for management even so far back as 20 years ago. Finally ho blossomed foitli as a writer for tho stage, and, like the farmer " who reared his own Bbcep.and ate them " he wroto his own plays and played them. In doing so, George showed that be was wise in his generation, no lesB than enterpris ing. Dramas cost money. That is if tliey .ore \- original and their authors possess a reputation. Tho prices paid for some pieces is prohibitory! except to a wealthy proprietary like that of Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove, and ho matter what the figuro they must bo had, as the publio insist upon novelties. An important item of expense was thus saved, and possibly tho averago pitito and family circle habitud imagined ho was enjoying Henry Pottitt, Georgo R. SimB and ovon Buchanan, whon ho was simply partaking of Mr. Darrell's latest. Well, ho who is robbed, &c.; The innoocnt patron may have been slightly dccoived, but really was not robbed at all. This is an ago of imitations, and it is wonderful what can be accomplished with clever modifications of labols, names and brands. It is only tho palate of the expert that can deteot the difference. Many of Mr. Darrell's works boar an extraordinary re semblance to those of the great literary guns of London, and yet wo believe they aro all perfeotly original, at least in somo particulars. It was he; we : bolievo who gave the hint to Pettitt. for his admir able play of Youth and the.sceno of the. British soldiers embarking for the seat ,of . war, and of oourse without acknowledgment. The late Mr. Dalley was also indebted to the samesouroe for his idea of tho Soudan contingent, and tho cole bratcdMr. O'Grady, who compared his. Mel bourne aritib to a kangaroo in the last stages, of consumption, owes most of his -plots" and 'Irish characters to a persual of- suoh pieces -as The Sunny South, The Squatter, Tho- Forlorn Hope, Baokfrom the Grave, The Priest's Oath and othors too numerous to mention.; At least, so rumor has it. Howevor, our author actor is determined at all hazards to try his luck once fflOrfl atlfl Ilk khn T?nvill tuliinli Ima nvAuarl ba nn. fortunate of late. Lot us hope he may revive tho fortunes of the house, for they have been at' a very low ebb. Wo hear that the season whioh Commences on Easter Monday will be opened with a new piece based upon; colonial life and inoidents with the Bporting element largely pre- ponderating. The story is ' excellent, and the play of character interesting, and'if tlieoompany is well selected success should attend the' ven ture.,:- '-' r. ,, ; v1;:,- ) v Opera Houso will be' reopened this (Saturday) , evening under now management and a new title. It is in future to be known' as the Albambra and Varieties. Mr. F. M. Clarke wo believe istlio proprietor, and high hopes are felt as to the result of the! new departure! . It will partake, it is. stated, ' somewhat of' the music ball style of ontertainment, but more rccftcj'cAA No moro spangles, crangepeelandsaw- dust, everything of tho richost texture and the latest pattern, 1 Mr. John Hennings, - whoso name is a guarantee for solid and good, no less than artistic, work has been engaged for some time in the task of embellishment, . not only of the stage, but tho interior throughout. The ensemble, will bo brilliant, graceful, light and fancifuL. Ballet will be the leading feature of the entertainment, with musio and song at intervals. The Gaiety people's sue- oess at the Prineess's Theatre and elsewhcro half furnished the suggestion for 'the new specula tion, and should the company be at all' up to expectations the thing should prove profitable'. .' Fillia's Cirous oloses a long and successful season in Melbourne on Monday night and pro ceeds immediately to Adelaide, just in - time to run side by side with Mr. Bontley in ,the eityef steeples. We cannot prediot what the result' of the competition may bo— whethar the ,-high toned people of the sister metropolis' may go . in for high and lofty tumbling and equestrianism or maintain their rcputation!for. patronising the : great moral drama. ' " ' ' !'""" " ' In connection with Mr. Be'ntloy'a'forthcoming season - in Adelaide;: we learn 'thai ;MiRa piolinn : has beeu selected' as one of the principals of the oompany. All admirers of conscientious actib'g, combined, with;- the true feminine.' charm', of earnest study, exporienee and natural ability, will be ploased to learn - that, this popular lady has loss nothing of the . freshness; and verve that characterised her career in Melbourne, where she has so many friends who .are. always pleased witli her successes. . Mr. Lulir, advance agent Tftr>Mr. Betitley, writes in sahguino terms -HlthjBrospeots of the approaohing Beasori. TEere hail! been nothing but "'leather, and pnmoUh'ftih Adelaide for a long time, and a itfedson/jf the really legitimate is naturally re- regular godsend. '- : f-Bhvrorgo's Hall as' the home of icomio (jnioistrelsy is notto bo surpassed. The latest and best arrivals in the shape of artists are seoured by the Brothers Oogill, and, the programme is so judiciously varied that each week brings with it freshness and novolty. ,f ,, . , , , The Bijou Theatre remains/closed and is likely to continue so until the proprietors accommodate their ideas to the altered values of house and other property by a! reduotion in tho rent. In theatrical -as in most commercial ventures, it is the rent . that - kills. If it doos not actually kill outright it brings about nil the ills that , business , is heir to— a : depleted exchequer, a wretched ' outlook, and a general gloom on the morning when tho " ghost wtfftis," or rather should walk but does not. : The shut ting up of this thoatre is not only a porsonal loss to the proprietors, it is a calamity, for bond fide playgoers. It was the Inst and only asylum of the legitimate, whioh has now taken to itself wings and flown to other and more favored regions, whero rents nro rational and monoy more plentiful. Pity 'tis, 'tis true. To ask £120 a week for a small thcatro is simply a rolio of baibario landlordism worthy of the dark ages, when all the foroos of law and sentiment were lovelled at the rogues and vagabonds, as they were termed, who interpreted the mighty orcations of drnmatio gonius in barns and travel ling caravans. Let us hope that better times are in store for tho humblo and soattered dis- ciplos of Thalia in the colonies. The Waxworks has oujoyed quite a revival of late, owing to tho many excellent additions to the groups of figures so artistically and sugges tively arranged, liko that of tho finding of the Duff children. Tho atternoon and qvcnfng entertainments are well patronised, and evi dently appreciated by the largo numbers attend ing. ' Miss Nellie Farren makes but slow progress towards recovery. She is said to havo been _ groatiyrohnnged by, her protraoted illness, and.it ' isfeared tiiat:shejwill nBverb'o able, to resume her olii plaeo at . tho Gaiety, - though, jdoubtlosa1, 0 it her licriitli improves showill bo beard. again in 1j c o n b ij Hfc knb wni li. ' it is a' little curious now 1 torccall that,in.;her youiigcr-.dnya Mias barren rattaincd no small degroc of /fame as' ! a leading \- lady iii -serious dramatiopnrts/' Siio " starred " tbo provinces with /a ', oompany 'tif whioh' 'Mr. .Lionel 'Brbughwasalsp :n member, and whose : repertoire was inade up of .BUoh plays as David Garriok. .// .-'civ- vu!- '.-i: .'///j; \- ' Mr.' Edward Terryliossigned engagements for pnlndian tour in 18d3'4, and during bis absenaeliis ; theatre in the Strand will probably be oooupiod by a' burlesque oompany, rwho- will open' witli. a \- picoe by a' new authbr 'ot some repute. 'Mr. Lonneii has entered into a Contract 'for threoy airs with' the syndicate whiob is /firiiinciug/tho.ven- Iture. . f-. : -..I '///i The boxing kangaroo at the -IVestminster Aquarium is' still' the sensation of London. It draws' daily large audiences, and has filled the i coffers, of j. the establishment ;as probably ,110 single entertainment has dono since " Easel " \- wat nightly shot into mid-air from the mouth of n cannon to the edification of legislators si few years ago. " : At a special invitation matinic per formance for members of the theatrical profes sion, the singular animal went through its curi ous performance , to. the delight of many well known notor's and'aotresses'who 'hnd responded to the invitation.: Since the opening entertain ment the kangaroo seems, to have , developed 'more spirit, and it now. niakbs its aittaoks .on its t, trainer, Mr. Landermah, with a liveliness which 'gives additional piquaiiby to a really very amus- , mg exmoition. ; . .Mr. Kyrle Bellow writes to the Sydney Morn ,ing Herald from the Hodman House, New . York, announoing the success of Mrs. Potter's aesssn in that city, and her intention of starting for Australia at the termination of her American tour at the end ' of May next. It seems that Mrs. Potter finds, herself unable to sustain \- longer the oonstant nervous strain of theatrical life in the States. Touring Is so systematically .planned there that not a night is .lost, and. at j the end of a long railway journey the artist is expected, aftera hurried meal and an hour's rest, \- to be "on time " at the theatre with a heavy part'. Mr. Bellow writes "In this connection I : may state that we are playing here eight times . a week, and in Ohioago 10 times. In the latter \- city Sunday is the biggOBt night in the week, and it is' impossible to decline appearing, as one would' wish, because ' no day of rest ' is a stipu lation in overy oontraot. Chicago is a wonderful oity, but vulgar and inartistic, and I oan imagiue -nothing: more, horrible than a sojourn there dur ing the 'hustle' of the Columbian Exhibition. ..Intenso jealously exists between New York and Ohioago, as between the East and . the West '.generally,, and for this .and. other reasons Amerieais nover likely to have one great centre, Buoh ,as exists .in London and Paris, and suoh as is being formed in Sydney and Melbourne.-; In America their Booiety is split up— their politics Hn Washington, their Bea port New York, their pork pnbkors in Chicago, thcir.millionair.es every where. .It was a fatal mistake not to make ;'New York tbo seat of government. However, .theatrical matters are bright hers just now, and we shall probably extend our season. Our visit to Australia, vid .India/will certainly. take place during the present ' year,' and probably, before many months have passed away." ' Diplomacy, a play which has been much ap-! preoiated in Melbourne since, its first production' here many years ago, is to be revived in London; at the Garriok. Mr. Hare himself is to repre-! sent Henry Beauolerc, Mr. Banoroft will resumo his old part of Count Orloff, while Mr. Forbes- Robertson plays that of Julian. The most surprising— and, be it said, not least ac ceptable — feature of the now oast is, however, to be the. reappearance of Mrs. . Bancroft as' Lady Henry Fairfax. Add to these M!sb Kate Borkeas Dora, Miss Olga Nothersole aa the; Countess Zioka, and Lady Monckton- as tho Marquise de Bio Zares, and it may be imagined, how brilliant and noteworthy an interpretation' tho play is likely to reoeive. Of Diplomaoy Mr. dement Scott has given an interesting account in his pleasant volume, Dramatic Table Talk. "Would you bo surprised to hear," he, asks, "that the English version of ;Sardou's cele brated play was planncd by a select company of three in a railway oarriago between Paris and -Boulogne?. Bancroft, Charley Stephenson and; myself had been over", to Paris to see Dora,; and, struok as we all were with itho exoellonoe of tbo play generally, wo recognised that radical alteration -of motive was required for the : Eng lish, stage. Time and opportunity served us. jBanoroft cracked tho firstdifficult nut by sug gesting that, the itwo 1 leading male: characters should bo.brothers. It was an .invaluablo sug gestion. Charley Stephonson— who, as" h private .seoretary, kiiew all the innor workings of the Foreign Office ; and diplomaoy .generally— was bent upon forcing an offioiai tone into the play., ; Bancroft was' all for soldiers,- Stephenson for Government offiae; ' It must be a Combination of war- and -Foreign .Office, At last it sud denly struok mo in. a mysterious way — tho Eastern Question, of , course 1 I was al fierce Jingo at the /time ; and I believe it was 'Jingoism' — that' is to say, the Beaoonsfiold policy— that gavo the play its. flist interest so far as England was- concerned. ..When' that random shot, was fired by , the Eastern Question 'the' diffioultieB- melted :aWay like . snow. . .Ban croft i got- Mb brothers and the - soldiers, Stephenson got' his diplomatic "1 '.'tone,' / I Sot .my /Jingoism. Henry Beauolero, ' tho |elder. brother, twos toba high np in; diplomaoy ,; ' Julian/ the .younger, was 'to v. be . a soldior con cerned 'in, diplomaoy — nnmoly, ; a "military oUaehintn foreign .court ; . and -the , 'despatch .'stolen by Zlaka was to bo. intimately, connected witb'the defence: of Constantinople, .end so in- valuable to tllustrato the -Eastern "Question.: .Eureka 1 wo all cried. Tho'thtng was,doiie;be-i <bre;we. arrived at. Amiens for a bouillon." Mrs. BerhardiBoero has 'returned /from1 New; .York In , cxoeilerit .'health; /the voyage-liavlhgi proved very .beneficial' to .her./., .Itlsjust a. year' oinoe; after a /'farewell " at ths /Haymarket Theatre, . slin left E igln'nd ' for Auetralim .It' is ' expebted that.'elie will shortly roappo'ar upon the London stage.: ... , > , . . 