A iSocsor's Horj. IFjom tbe S r eakir.] Once in the course of a medical career of nearly fifty years 1 saved a patient's lite. In other cases I have my doubts; but in that one I'm certain of it. You'll take another cigarette? What, no? Then black coSee 1 The patient was a lady—young, and not unpleasing. That gave me an interest in the case, tihe lived at Surbiton. I had never seen her before I was Called in for this particular illness ; but one day her husband came to my house in Harley street and wanted me to go down post-haste with him to look at her. He was particularly anxious to get a tirst-rate London specialist's opinion. They'd had a general practitioner down at their own place, he said, but that wasn't enough for him; he distrusted G. P.'s. He in»isted up^n getting the very best advice for her. A tall dark man, the husb&nd;, with keen, deep-sunken eyus. He looked a Spaniard, and might have been Grand Inquisitor, but what struck me most about bun was the queer little fact that though he expressed the greatest anxiety and desired to show the deepest aitectioai: couldn't help Teehng it was my opinion he wanted far more man my assistance. He laid great stress upon the point of my being an undoubted authority. Whatever I thought of the case he would know it was right. He didn't care about the diagnosis of these suburban doctors: he didn't trust their prognosis; but I—if I told him his wife would live he could be sure she would recover, and if I told him—well, the worst— why be knew he must accept it with resignation. (Cambric poukethandkerchiei.) I went down with him and saw her. She was very ill indeed. A most pathetic young woman. She roused ny keenest sympathy. But it waa the queerest case I ever knew in my life. I could make nothing of it. I told the husband she was seriously ill; I doubted her recovery, ehe had sunk so low; but I didn't understand it. His eyes had an inscrutable gleam in them when I told him that; but he answered very anxiously, "Can't you put a name to it? It would be satisfactory at least to know what it is that's the matter with her." "No, I oan't," I replied. "In the whole course of my experience I never yet Eaw anything like iE." ^ His face fell a little. Long medical practice has made me observe the quick shades of emotion that pass over faces. " I was in hopes you would have understood it," he said, very slowly, with a hard look into my eyes, pointing vach word with emphasis. " It wan for that I went to tbe best London authority. I thought these ordinary suburban men might fail to make it out, but that I was sure of an opinion from a great Londcn specialist. They told me your forte was diagnosis." Clever of him, I fell at the time to try thus to work upon my professional pride and my professional susceptibilities. He fancied he could foice me or cajole me into giving it a name. That was decidedly sharp of him, but it overshot he mark. It gave me a first clue to the real nature of her illness. Next day, and next again, I went down to see my patient. Money was no object the affectionate husband said often. All he wanted was to be sure hiB dear wife had the benefit of the very bast medical advice and assistance. Tho third day I was so puzzled I took my assistant down with me without telling him why. I sent him in to se9 her. When he came out I said to him. " Well, Harvey, what do you make of it ?" ' ' " I don't make anything of it, "he answered. " I can't. It looks to me unique. I don't in the least understand it." " Neither do I," I replied, stroking my chic. "That's why I brought you to see it." We sat and stared at one another in silence for a minute. Then my assistant said, very dubiously, " The fact is, Sir Everard, it appears to me " Well, go on, man ! Out with it!" " Not a case of natural disease at all, but a case of poisoning.'" " Precisely my opinion," I answered, giving a start. " I brought you here to confirm it." I went into the siok woman's room again. " I want to susk you one question," 1 said, in as soothing a voice as oossible. "You may think it an odd one. Is there anybody who wjuld benefit in any way by your death'}"' She gazed up ai me feebly. "Not a soul," she answered. " AH I have in the world I've left by will to dear Archie." That settled the question. I felt sure I knew a prescription that would cure her. I went down again to the dining-room. The husband was there, sitting uneasily by the window. He looked at me with an anxious face. "Well, I've formed an opinion on the case at last," I said. " and so has* Dr. Harvey here; but perhaps it may distress vou or annoy you to bear it." He glanced nervously at my assistant; then at me cn return. I had placed myself on purpose so that both our eves were upon him from every angle. He shuffled in his chair. " Oh, I'm prepared for the worst," he answered with asickly smile. " I know she can't recover." "Ihen do you desire me co give vou the honest opinion I've formed," I asked, "at the risk of offending you V" " Yes, L wane your opinion," he answered ; but his lips quivered faintly. " It's that that I called you in for." I stared straight into his eyes. I fixed him with mine. He couldn't avoid them without catching Harvey's. "Then my opinion is this," I said slowly and distinctly, "that if your wife dies—you'll be hanged for it." He never moved a muaole of his face; but hiB colour .went with a rush—he was as white as a ghost in a moment. He rose with an effort. "This is a mauvaise ptaisantcriche cried, "at such a time as this! A mauvahc flahanleriie/" (He was more than half French, and his native language came natural to him at these critical moments.) " No plaisanterie at all," I answered very grim, "but a simple statement of my medical opinion. Look here, Mr. So-and so, we are two; you are one. Now I give you fair warning. This lady upstairs is being slowly poisoned. Unless she recovers we will hold you answerable. You wanted the best advice. Well, now ycu have got it. Don't suppose you can deceive me by using a little-knoivn poison I won't let you murder her. Your wife mnst recover. I have my eye upon you. If anything ever hippens to her, now or hereafter, I shall take eood care there is lull enquiry ; and so will Dr. Harvey. I say no more than that. And 1 wish you a very goad morning. To-morrow when I oome I 6hall expect to see a marked improvement." And so I did. She was decidedly better. In threo weekB she was well. In a month she was at Harr >gate. I never undeceived her. She loved the creature ; and I allowed her to go on loving him. But I confess I was relieved when four years later he providentially broke his wretched neck on the Schreckhorn. It unburdened my mind of the responsibility of watching him. In other caEes I have my doubts. But in that one I'm confident I really saved my patient's life; and I should think you agree with me. 