Sydney Morning Herald MONDAY, JULY 24 1893. ABOUT 10 o'clock on Saturday morning two explosions took place on board the German barque Argo, lying in Neutral Bay, ready for sea, The vessel is loaded with coal, and the captain states that the explosion was caused by an accumulation of gas in the ships hold becoming ignited. SEVERAL of the crew were badly injured, and the chief officer, Richter Arstlen, was blown up a considerable height in the air and fell dead among the ruins of the poop deck. A passenger named Chamberlain was blown into the water off the deck, and when rescued was in an unconscious state. He was taken to the hospital in a pre- carious condition. MEN were violently thrown off the yards at the moment of the concussion, and the vibration of the ship was no intense that those on deck were thrown down. Thw main deck of the ship has been forced up several feet, some of her spars are shattered into many fragments, and the vital parts of the ship are seriously damaged. SPEAKING at Penrith on Saturday night Sir George Dibbs referred to the retrenchment that had already been effected, but said that the Government must go a step further, inasmuch as payment of members must be abolished as soon as a new Parliament had been elected under the new Electoral Act. HE did not, ho »aid, intend to ask Parliament during ita next session to pa«N a bill for tho aboli- tion of payment of members, because the present Parliament would not pasi it ; but lie intended to make it one of the cries at the next gcnoral election. THE Premier further said that immediately the House met it would be his duty to move that the House approve ol the new subdivisions of the elec- torates, and when that was done thc Electoral Aot of 1893 would come into full operation. It stood to reason that from that moment there must be an appeal to the people. IT would, however, be necessary, be said, for the present Parliament to pass tho Estimates for 1894 and certain Aots of legislation rogurdiog financial mattera. The Government would not let Parliament do "tho penitent thief business" by showing what a large amount of legislation it could pass in u short time. THE Premier also announced that during next session he would introduce a bill to earmark suf- ficient of tbo annual revenues of tho country to show their English creditors that so long OH they owed them money they bad set apart sufficient income to pay their interest. They would also set aside and earmark a quarter of a million to establish a sinking fund in London, beyond their control altogether, for tho purpose of in tim« wiping out tho publio debt of the colony I altogether. THIS, ho oonsidored, was tho legislation that tho present Parliament could deal with, and after that members would have to face their nonstitu- ] ents. Thoy would probably como beforo tho peoplo about March next year, and tho Govern- ment would make tho abolition of payment of members ono of tho " stand-out points " of its polioy.. Tim match between tho Australian Eleven and Somersetshire was concluded nt Taunton on Satur- day, tho Australians winning by six wickots and 2 runs. COLONEL NOBTII'S Simonian has won the Liver- pool (England) Cup, a handicap of 900 soys. OTVINO to tho reduotion of 25 por cont, in tho mi pea of tho coalminers, insisted upnnby tho British colliery owners, a general strike throughout Great Britain is believed to be inevitable. A CASE of cholera hos occurred at Gravosend, and the epidemic- baa also broken out in St. Peters- burg. I» tho Houso of Commons on Friday night Mr. Gladstone submitted the now financial clauses in the Homo Rulo Bill, fixing the amount of tho Irish contribution to tho Imperial Exchoquor at £2,300,000. Mn. JOSEFII CHAMBERLAIN, the leader of tho Unionist Liberals, declared that Ireland was asked to pay £550,000 less than at presont, and £1,800,000 less than she ought to pay. MR. J. 'E. REDMOND, loader of the Pamollite section of tho Irish party, contended that the «chorno embodied in the now financial proposals was neither just nor generous. It is expected that the House of Lords will reject tho Home Bule Bill by a majority of 10 to-1. SIB ROLAND VAUGHAN WILLIAUS, one of tho Judges of thu Queen's Benoh Division, has formally sanctioned the scheme for the reoonstruo tiou of tho London Chartered Bank of Aus- tralia. FOB tho year ended 30th Jnne, tho Western Australian revonuo amounted to £575,821, being £57,836 in excess of tho rovenuo for the previous year. The credit balance stands at £03,000. . THE R.M.S.' Orient arrived at Albany from Colombo on Saturday afternoon, KEWS from Brazil states that tho rebels in tho provinco of Rio Grande do Sui havo inflioted a severe defeat upon the Government troops, General Soarcs being killod. ON Saturday the sooretary of tho Soatnon's Union received a letter from tho Newcastle and Hunter River Steam Navigation Company, stating that the board of directors had decided to refuse to confer with their lato employees. THE Seamen's Union has received from Sir Julian Salomons, Q.C., Mr. G. B. Simpson, Q.C., Mr. C. B. Stephen, and Mr. B. R. Wis» a unanimous opinion that an appeal to tho Full Court against the dcoision of IhD Chief Justino on Tuesday last, in the matter of the seamon's appeal, would bo successful. It is intended to appeal. THE King of Portugal, Dom Carlos, intervened in a drunken brawl in tho streets of Lisbon, and was violently assaulted. Ho captured his assail- ant and baudod bim over to tho police. THE Commercial Bank of Milwaukee, Stato of Wisconsin, has susponded payment with a liability of l,100,000dol. Tirnouon tho closiug of the silver mines 30,000 smelters in the Stnto of Colorado are idle. THE appeal to tho Privy Council in the case of Soiling and another v. Broughton, has been dis- missed, with costs. Mn. BEERBOHM, tho cereal expert, estimates the wheat crop of tho Unitod Kingdom at 7,600,000 quarters. The crop in France is estimated at 10,000,000 hectolitres. ON Saturday the Now Zealand footballers defeated a Queensland team at Brisbane- by 35 points to nothing. Tun trial of Archbishop Clement, tho Metro- politan of Servia, for sedition, has been concluded. Ho has been banished for life. IN London F. W. SÎrorland, n bicyclist, bas riddeu 426 miles in 21 hours, beating all previous records for that time. SIAM is likely to pay tho money indemnity but will resist tho cession of territory demanded by France. Five hundred men of tho French Legion are proceeding tu Siam. IN response to orders from tho British Cabinet, Vice-Admiral Sir Edmund lt. Frotnautle, K.C.B., the Commander-in-Chief on the China station, is hastening to Singapore with tho greater part of tho British Squadron on tho station. ON Wednesday thu French captured tho re- maining forts in tho Khoug group of islands. Three hundred Siamese wore killed arni 20 wero wounded. TUE reply of tho Siamese Government to tho French ultimatum has been received in Paris, but it is kept n profound sccrot. Ei:ronTa from Siam slato that tho Siamese havo cut tho telegraph wires between Bangkok and Saigon, thus calming au interruption iii circula- tion. I Goi.o is being returned to the hanks frocly. They will, therefore, bo able to spuro somu por- tion of tho largo shipment?, amounting to £1,775,000, received in tho colonies within tho past month. THE Bank of Now Zealand lias declared a dividend of ö per cent, for the half- year, carried forward £10,000, and placed £10,"000 to tho reserve fund. THE HOV. Edward Chrisford, a clergyman of tho Church of England, died suddenly on Satur- day morning. Whilo in Pitt-street ho was taca ia fall to tho ground, and on being taken to tho huspital he was found to bo dead. O.v Saturday tho inquest on tho fire which occurred on tho 29th ultimo afc the warehouse of Messrs. Pymnn, Harkness, and Co. wus concluded. The jurymon found that tho promises had been wilfully sot on fire, «nd that tho circumstances were of a most suspicious nature ; but thoy did not consider that sufficient ovideneo had been placed before thom to enable them to say who actually set fire to tho building. TUE busiuuss of Term as woll as of Equity und Bankruptcy will bo onmnienced to-day. In Ibo Full Court judgment will bo delivered by tho seven Judges on tho appeal of thc prisoner in tho case of tho Queon v. Kops. ON Saturday Makin was informed of tho decision of tho Privy Council, and was tnld that thero waa no f urti.er hopo for him. The date of his execution will be fixed by tho Colonial Secretary. THE annual breakfast in connection with tho Society of St. Viueent do Paul was held in St. Brigid's School Hull, Marrickville, yesterday morning. An oddross was delivered by Bishop Higgins. IN London tho Court has sanctioned the appli- cation of tho Australasian Mining Company for absorbing tho Gjmpio Great Eastern Gold mining Company. AN earthquake was felt throughout tho Castle- maine district, Victoriu, shortly after 1 o'olouk yesterday morning. lu some cases tho windows were smashed and tho houses rooked violently. ? ON Saturday night play in the Australasian champion ohess contest between Mr. William Crane, jun., and Mr. A. E. N. Wallace, was con- tinued. The gamo was not ooneluded, when play was adjourned till to-morrow night. QEHQEANT DAVIES; of the First Battalion, Welsh Regiment (41st Foot) hus won the Queen's Prizo fircd'for at the National Rifle Association mooting nt Bisloy. ' IN the Stock and Sharo market on Saturday Bank of New South Wales abaros were sold at a lower price, and Australian Gaslight brought an advance of i- No business of iwportanoo was done in tho Import market. BUSINESS in tho Mining market on Saturday was confined to sales of Proprietary shares at 43s 6d, Central at 3s lld, and True Blue gold at ls lld. THE Customs reoeipts on Saturday amounted to £2909. Towards this the 10 per oent. ad valorem duty contributed £603 and the 16 per cont. £65. The lengthy speeoh delivered on Satur- day night by tho Premier nt Penrith will be perused with general interest as pro- fessedly an exposition of the intended Ministerial policy. . The interest will attach probably as much to what has been . left unsaid as to what has been said, for nothing will strike tho observer more than the absence of refer- ence, or tho most meagre allusion, to certain subjects generally con- sidered of the first moment. With all that has been said of past extra- vagance, to which tho Premier alluded with considerable detail, tho pooplo of New South "Wales will agree. There has been a gotieral awakening from tho mesmorio trance of the past, and ono party can hardly bo said to dißor from another in condemnation of tho recklessness with which tho publio money has been squandered. It is fair to Sir GEORGE DIBBS to say that ho does not attompt to wholly exculpate ono party at tho expense of another, but admits to a fair share in tho financial dissipation in which doctors as well as electod, Governments nnd Parliaments have been alike involved. But it is to tho means which tho Promior contomplatos for ropairing the evils done in the past, and for proceeding on a now and a bettor way, that most interest will attach. It will bo observed at once that the Government does not intoud that any of the remedies that BTO to constitute tho panacea are to have place in tho coming session. That session, so far as Ministers' intentions go, is to bo practically a formal ono, having the consummation of its ob- jects iu tho arrangement of some finan- cial adjustments, with the Appro- priation Act and tho ratification of tho electoral boundaries. Ministers do not mean to permit members to perform the part of tho penitent thief, and to repair in their dying hours the neglects and wrong-doings of a misspent Parliamentary lifo. And if mombors accede to the wishes of Miuistors, the" lifo of tho Government will be preserved for tho session that is to open tho new Parliament, when the measures for the salvation of the .country are iu due order to bo submitted. Ono of these to which Sir GEORGE appears to attach considerable value is the aboli- tion of payment of members. He thinks it would be usoloss to submit the question to the existing Assembly; but means to have tho proposed change included in the Ministerial appeal to thc country. But the Premier oilers no furthor pledge of Government action in relation to it than submitting- the question to tho country. Notwithstanding what may be thought of the tompor of the presont Parliament, it would show more steadfastness of bolinf in the value oi the proposal if Parliament were asked during the coming session to pronounce on tho subject, so that tho country might bo fully assured of the position of the Government and also of individual members in relation to it, and have thc matter submitted to it in defined form. Besides, it will not bo competent foi the Government to dissever it from othoi und possibly more engrossing questions that are likoly to formulate themselves ir tho coming election. Deoply important nt this subject unquestionably is, und desir- ous ns Ministers may be that it become tho grout rallying cry of party, thero «re other questions, and primurilj timi of freetrnde nnd protection, wiiicli are not likoly to be ignored. This ques- tion has unfortunately boon forced by the Government itself on tho country ; nnc though from Sir QEOHOE'S speoch it would appear us if there were a desiri tliut it should bo ororlooked, ii is to be boruo iu mind thai the quostions thut aro to agitato tin country in time of a general election un not wholly fixed by tho Ministry in pos session, but mo sometimes forced by thi country or dictated by the Opposition, irre spectivo of tho wishes of tho Government Ono of tho most curious features ii tho speech nt Penrith is tho nlruo3t tola exclusion of reference to tho subject tha of nil others is to divide the countn at tho coining election. It might have been desirable that the Premier should hnvo stutod whether the benefits of protection hnvo beon 60 groat since tiley were forced on the country that tho Government moans to add to them by an increased mensure of protection. But there is a scrupulous avoidance of tho sub- ject, tho Premier morely introducing the matter in his peroration for tho purpose of waving it asido. " Freetrado and protection," ho says, " might bo two highly important things in themselves, but to-clny they worein tho midst of great difficulties, roquiringstroug men, able and during mon, to do every- thing that was right, nnd pull tho country out of its difficulties." This sinking of the fiscal question might bo well if it had not beon raised, but tho " strong men " and " tho able and daring mon" engaged iuthomostcom mondablo work of doing " everything tlmt is right " will, whatever their desires, havo, unfortunately for themselves, to confront tho ghost they havo called up. It is scarcely to bo cxnoctod that, having boen raised to put Ministers into office, it will be sunk for tho purpose of keeping them there. Another subject that seems strangely conspicuous by its absonco is that of tho federation of tho colonies. Neither in word nor spirit is it alluded to more than if it had never existed. Even if tho present Parliament is, ns tho Premier says, dead, and the coming session is only to bo for the per- formance of its obsequios, it might bo thought that a subject of sutjh world-wide interest as this would hore boon at loHst alluded to as nmong ino possi- bilities of tho duties of tho new Parlia- ment, if it at all existed in the thoughts of Ministers. And a Ministerial speech, nnd ono from tho loatlor of tho Government, in which nothing was said of tho Minis- terial intentions on the two subjects-tho fiscal question and that of federation may be sot down ns unique. The subject, howevor, which appears to have chiefly eugrossed the Premier's atten- tion in his manifesto at Penrith was the financial. Of its paramount importance there will be no doubt, and everyone will rejoice at the stern determination exprossod by the Minister on the side of retrenchment and economy. But when we como to the scheme which he has evidently elaborated ns a certain preventive to future financial blundering and disaster, most people will bo surprised at the importance which the Premier seems to attach to it. The proposal is thnt of "earmarking." The net Ettilway revenue he will have earmarked for tho exclusive purpose of satisfying the annual claims of the publio creditor. A cer- tain proportion of the Land revenue will be earma.ked with a similar object ; and ovary year a certain proportion of general revenue will be ear- marked with the objeot of creating a sinking fund for the eventual extinction of the publio debt. To speak of the latter Srocess in the face of recurring annual elicits seems rather untimely, as such a contribution to a sinking fund must necessarily be from surplus revenue. With regard to earmarking in general as pro- posed, it is of course a mere matter of bookkeeping. It is of impórtanos that the publio accounts should - be as clean-cut and intelligible as it is possible to make them, and if earmarking be a means to this end by all means .should it ' bo adopted. But what spocial value there may be in it to evoke such confident assurance in tho Minister that it will be effective in giving perfect confidence to tho publio creditor, is not particularly obvious._ The speech of Mr. G. H. REID at Albury on the subject of federation illus tratoB once more that the effect of Mr. REI» having so long looked at this matter through tho medium of provincial and party sontimonts has been that he has rendered himself ineapable of regarding it in uny other way. Ho still has in full mensuro one distinguishing note of tho anti-federnlists : he wants this colony to join the Fedoral Council, instead of waiting till a truo national Government and Parliament can be established. Many give us this advice, but they all have ono point in common, that they are enemies to tho movement in favour of genuine union of the colonies, unloss perhaps at some undefined time in the future. Mr.. REID tells us that the members of tho Fedoral Council might in a few days evolve a more perfect constitution. They might, perhaps ; but all that we have to guide us is the fact that during its sevou years' existence the Council has done nothing, and attempted nothing, towards bringing us nearer true federation, and has done just as little towards supplying its place. Its only purpose, so far, appears to bo to allow some doubtful friends of federation to profess their adherence to a council which bears tho name of " Federal," while it servos only as an obstado to real union. Another mark of tho anti-federalist is conspicuous in Mr. REID'S speech. He wants to get inter- colonial freetrado first. It would be well i^ he would go astop further and show how wo are to got it. The project of getting intercolonial freetrado first must be based either on our existing fiscal tariffs, or it must imply the adoption of a uniform tariff. How are our border barriers to be swept away unlesB our tariffs are assimi- lated in the first place ? It would be interesting if Mr. REID would tell tho country how the differont tariffs of six colonies are to be brought to uniformity, and how long this operation carried on in six different legislatures is likoly to take ? If Mr. REID had given a little serious thought to this subject, and to the fact that though tho colonies have many times tried to effect reciprocity arrangements, which they havo had legislative power to make for about 20 years, they have never succeoded in effect- ing one, ho would surely have rofrainod from tho surprisingly inconsiderate state- ment that " in loss thnn a i-inglo week border duties could be freed and reciprocal arrangements established." His sug- gestion is powerless to advance inter- colonial freotrade. All it caa do is to obstruct and retard the federal union which can alone secure UB this consummation. In this proposal, as in that with respect to the Fedoral Council, Mr. REID is merely using his influence in such a way ns to obstruct federation and intercolonial freetrado together, and is paying the penalty duo to his past attitude to this ques- tion. With his criticism as to tho want of sincerity shown by some of those who have taken a part in tho federation movement wo cnn heartily concur, subject however to thc doubt whothcr Mr. REID is precisely thu right man to urge this criticism. Tho case remains that the post of tho New South Wales leader of federa- tion, who with single-hoarted effort will mako that object his first and paramount ono, is still open, and it is tho most im- portant ono iu tho wholo publio lifo of Australia. From London wo boar that tho Lord Chancellor has announced tho decision of tho Judicial Committeo of tho Privy Council on tho appeal in MAKIX'S case. Tho ovidonce objooted to hore as impro- perly admitted has been held to havo been admissible, and tho appeal has boen dis- missed. So much we know at pre- sent. Tho reasons for tho decision aro to bo given later on, und wo must therefore wait a littlo longer to ascertain whether their Lordships havo simply upheld the uuunimous judgmont of our Supremo Court upon tho admissibility of tho evidence, or whether thejr havo mado an excursion beyond that lino for thu instruction and benefit of tho public. It is enid with somo authority that, the appeal being dismissed, nothing will romain but to fix tho dato of tho execu- tion. But as a rospito was granted by the Exeeutivo for three months from tho 1st Muy, tho presumption is that the con- demned mun will have nt least a week's opportunity for preparation, now that au end hus como to Iiis period of suspense. A comparison of (lutes will bo of some interest in connection with this business. On tho 9th March MAKIN and Iiis wife wore found guilty of murder, but as some points were resorved in.thoir behalf for the considération of the Full Court, sontencu was deferred. On tho 30th March tile Court gave ita decision, unanimously' over- ruling tliu objections that had been raised, and on tho sumo day both priaouors wero sentenced to death. Tho Executive decided to refrain from carrying out tho capital seutoneo upon the woman, who had been recommended to mercy, but, as to tho man, would hnvo allowed the law to take it3 courso. MAKIN, however, applied for a respite, to enablo him to pray tho Privy Council for loavo to appeal, and tito npplicafion was granted, in contravention of tho precedent set in tho case of the murderor Moitnisox, to whom a respite was refused, chiofi/ on the ground that tho Privy Council had declined to interfere with the criminal jurisdiction of colonial courts. Altor ascertaining that thoro was a bona fido intention to ask for leave to appeal, a further respite was granted, as wo have said, for throe months from the lat May, with tito viow of allowing a sottlemont both of tho question of leave and of tho appeal, if leave were granted. Now wo henr that the appeal has been dismissed, and if the Government is prepared to net upon the strength of a oablogram in a case like this, the month of August should see tho whole business disposod of. Thus somo five months will have passed between the con- viction of the prisoner and the exe- cution of tho sentence It may be assumed that almost any man under sen- tence of death would welcome o prolon- gation of his life for fivo months, at any rate ; but it ¡B questionable whethor even so short a delay as this in tho operation j of the oriminal law can be conducive to ! the fulfilment of its main purposes. Tho I more speedily trial follows tho commission of orime, and punishment the passing of j senteuoo, the more effeotive will be the lesson to others. But the fact is that tho despatch of this case by the Privy Counoil in so Bhort à time is surprising. The belief when the respite was granted was that the case had been ahoi rod for aa indefinite period until next year, at ToodZu estimate. Suph a belief WM fled by ^ experience. M'LEOD'S\1 may be oited in support of it, % conviction took place in May, 1890. fiona points were reserved and argued belo» the Full Court, and an order Bustafoin» tho conviction was made on the 4th' Jaw Leave to appeal to the Privy Council »ai asked, and was granted in the follo«ji» November, and in or about $e laBt week of July, 1891, the Bevi that the judgment of the Supreme Goori had been set aside reached the colony h cable. In this instance, therefore, then was an interval of about fourteen moathi between tho date of tho conviction »ndAi day when the information that it had been quashed reached the colony. If the lenah of time occupied in obtaining decision! from the Privy Council in civil case« on bo taken into consideration, it will pw¿ ably bo understood that the long dele» ia M'LEOD'S case may bo regarded as repn. senting the rulo, and tho shorter delay ia MAKIN'S case as exceptional. M'LEOD'I case was not a capital ono, as MABJ'I was ; but if it had boon, and th« conviction had not beon confirmed until after an interval of fourteen montât will anyone suppose ithnt the Beuten« would have been executed? The recollection of the (tory ol M'LEOD'S caso lends additional in. tercet to tho information .that tb reasons for the decision in MAXK'I case are to be given later on. To tho« who learned with Borne surprise that thi leave to appeal had been granted ia thi former case, tho probable expUuutioi seomed at first to be that it was the gm importance of tho chief issuo raised whic] had led the Judicial Committee to depai from the rule against entertaining crimine appeals which was laid down in BBC strong terms in years gone by. Th question whether, when inadmissible ev dence had been allowed in a crustal case, the Court had power to wry tba notwithstanding the admission ot nc evidence, the conviction should be unbel if there were in the opinion of the Cou Btill sufficient evidence to uphold the ce viction without taking the inndnunit evidence into consideration, waa 01 of the highest interest aa affet ing the administration of jmti throughout the iSmpiro. But aft the lapse of fourteen months we found tb tho Privy Council had not looked at tl question, but had quashed the cbnriotii upon a question of jurisdiction which h not been argued before the Supra Court. In MAKIN'S CBBO, also, the allag inadmissibility of some of the evidence i tho Crown was the main pou of tho appeal ; but, whilst in M'Lw) case ono of our Judges differed opinion from the other two, and then i a possibility that the Privy Oounoil mij agree with the minority, there wu division of opinion amougst the Judge« the critioal issue in MAKIK'B case, as tl all held that the evidence upon which had been convicted was admissible. 1 question, therefore, was whether the Pr Council would agree with the three Jud| or accept tho view of the prisoner'* coum There was, indeed, a division of opin betweon tho Judges as to a questi doubtless of interest, but accord to . tho terms of their own jm ments lying outsido the essential i«s of the case before them; and occurrence of this disagreement upon a issue was assigned as ono of tho considi tions for which tho respite should granted. "Whon the roasons for the Pi Council's decision arrive, wo shall i perhaps, whether their Lordships havi havo not had anything to say upon matter. Tho statement in the ci despatch forwarded by tho Agent-Gen that in stating their reasons their lords! will give thoir opinion as to the const tiou of tho clause in quostiou mab probable that tho omission in the ji mont of tho Council in M'LEOD'S CM I now to ho supplied. SIB GEOEQU Dinna AT Fcs-tirir_Tba Prcm!i accompanied by eorao of his colleagues, visit Penrith on Saturday evening, and in tie I« Teniperaneo Hall, in tho presence of about 8 people, dolivorod a political address which bi reference to extravagant expenditure in th« psi retrenchment, the abolition of payment of mei bera, the Local Government Bill, and the effect p⁢ land legislation and tho necessity for eoadii other provisions relating to tho land. KiLiTAnT IXSPKCTIOV.-Major-General Hatto who wont to Singleton on Friday, on Saturdi inspected tho 4tb Beghuent there. After ti iunpectiou, some field operations wore cxeonted. RKTIEEJTENT OF JIAJOE P. Owr.v.-By a gen» order, ¡«tied on Saturday, it is notified ¡¿«tl Ercollenoy tho Governor has approved of tl retirement of Major Percy Owen, of the Ne South Wales Begiiucnt of Partially-piid ArtiUer; with tho honorary runic of Lioutenant-Colone and with permission to wear tho uniform of tl regiment. TUE NSW PABCELS Posr SYSTEM.-Itisnotliktl; wo learn, that tho parcels post syr-tcm authorise by the now Postal Act will como into force unt October next. Ono molter which is cjuiin delay is that of storage accommodation Som premises belonging to tho Peat Office i George-street would bo nuituble for the fut pose. Tho upper portion of these prenti* is nov.- used by tho Postal authoritiei i connection with the Europoan parcels post »errie« whilst tho rooms on the ground floor are »tili» by the Railway Department for the saloof rail«, ticlcot6, and tho placo has been found to be co» vonient for this latter purpose. The Pott« authorities havo written to the Hallway antoni ties to know whether thoy would be wi" ing to give up theso offices, but up to tl present no reply bas been roecivod. Tho regulation by tho Poottil Bopartmunt regarding the oheigi to be made for tho parcels post have not hw drawn np. Hero also tho Pest Offioe » «rn fronted by competition by tho Hallway. Both thi Postal and tho Railway systems will be under th supervision of tho Government, and the quatia! has arisen whether they shall be run ia u tagouism to each other. As a matter of /.* tho Railway has tho advantage, as it ooh, delivers parcels to consignees' dwellings ii tin city and 'suburbs, tho railway station in ttl country hoing the terminus of the service, Iti*, howovor, the desire of tho Postal authoritiei U deliver parcel« wherever letter-carriers now titre!, although, at tho same timo, discretion will be mai so aa not to overload tho carriers and thu« interj foro with their general duties. Tho r«te at whici parcels aro now oarried upon tho railway » lwW upon aa being aheap, and is indeed lew thia it provided for by the terms of the Postal Coi» The neoessary printing in connection with ta» service is being got ready, and the many qtmtioil involved in its inauguration are reoeiring tat consideration of the Postmaster-General FOEEIOH Benia POST.-The »y«tem wirt boa been ia operation between this colony ate certain foreign countries for some yean ha« beef extended through tho medium of the United Kia? dom to the Beuhuanaland Protectorate, Britä Bechunnaland, and the Transvaal. A direct change of parools wan instituted between <tt colony and Ceylon on the 1st January,' 1892, ato from the 1st July of that year a similar anuaf ment waa made with India. Agreement« «J also made for an exobange of paroal» wita Mauritius through tho Colombo office. A ba« been prepared by the New South Wale» fo»" authorities showing the number and declared tata* of and amount of postage paid on paroel« to aw recoivod from the United Kingdom, Brita* ooloniea, and foreign countries, during th* yet* ISSI and 1802. The number of parools deep«*»» in 1801 was «778 of the deolared tal«» " £17,956, the amount of postage paid th«*1 being £771. Tho number of parcel« ittfttajll* in 1892 wai 6836 of the declared WMJ of £15,801, the amount of pottage f* thereon being £7*6. The nnmhtcj yamala rateired is 1891 waa 19,917 d tb^ la** T(!M of th* Amount Af po*tag» paid ' OMTTCQ being £3034. The namba* of paree!» neti'trf in 1691 17.432 of tit declared ; nita of f63.;iî, th» amount of post- , paid thereon beiaç £J7U. It »hoald ; fc« explained that th* gr-oater proportion of th» e^fia waa r* tween Kaw South Walo* ted tito j L'ai^d bjagdora. Included ander »hat bead ia ! tit tr turo are panoli for w* ni cd to and fro rn ' Bnrjh colymea »ad for»¡(rn «Latrie» through the ; Fniud Kinirdota. Th* nnraUr of part*!* ¡ ¿«.¿atibed to that conatry ia wa* ' Hil. and the Bamber rweiired wu IS.Mí. It .vi V «v-n from the rotura that tko amount ' twiawa ooatacled with tia ttrñet generally ' ? a, vho Full Court forenoon will lb* »OTea Jn.«*. teuioa rf th* P*£»T Couaesl ia ii« appeal < ¡a DirÜagha«! gaol. Th« cahï«gra»^ wi ¿it th« Makin appeal is dî»raI*W. Tt lt rs*! of the mult of tia appeal, and, wa/l tilt ti.tr» TU ao further nor* for hin. ar.d t t¿e law wo-id take it, cantu-. Th« <UM of C e^ioa will te. fixed tay tie Co'oaial Secr-ttry. Ta WA»urra.-H M.S. Rinfrareorca, now oa ¿a «a.*t of We»Urn Anitra! i wan ¡reportad oo £»t=*¿ay la« to ha«>« put back ta Albany tbrouph CMif weather. ItmwtbaveryiarereweatLer who th* aiipa of tko A ri* tn lian Auxiliary Bdsadroa Lava ta beat a ratreit. H.U.S. Haird cnStMrday from hom a by th« R,A(,S. Ootann. Ismcaay or ru Got?ou> Nrssstt.-On <»:trdaT, Mr. Harri« Wood, L'nd .-r-See re la ry for li;E«. aaaornpaai-d hy Mr. VT. S. CjcapUll. <Üi. clerk ia tia Agricultural D-parlinent, paid a rj:t of inapeetion to the Go.fcrd Nur-ory. ifiW( AÏ Tita Calico ZximiTioff.-Tbe í'rrrirdod' lo Mr^CumraLag, as^(L4 ^tha ïxâl » *' auch1 by ti« j=;.t3 chan the indiriJcal eiper. I «sdnitiag Ibo preliminary cumiaatu ticalv exhibit, auch additional jud* micul eemmittec «rfrt fim^d are committw, thoy will **ca have ii ettJil Toic* with tb« expert in dolling bo:ii ti* ¡act of merit and tho tlf^ree of merit oi all fiLtiu rxaauncd Ly ta rm ia coismoo, a* wfü .u HWtbo acii; of an exhibit ran o=:/ ba derr- ibe" «hií.iloMT a« ouch te« made "T«h»i'aat;T fiction of tho jud¿M. ilcJaUwtll bo awarded » Id hy tieitrt from Jnhastoae-irm: (Bal r>; tn N-wtowa-roa-l jonction, the Commit*! mri taeyeaaaot aaa their way lo comply i* rtcacit- It waa dreided that tho MCr .l«a they totalled 2163. Tnt** reeeivrd ap to ¿at Leur they carno ia w> rapidly that it wa» f-=i to to impossible from that tim* to coca! Ta Lanor* Tibiez.-Tho weekly mei Kay of ^«maSîte» «;» held oa Friday aftaroooa at « Ham<<fr<*t, Ultimo. Ta* Re». D. H. H£ôa aad ti.» were pre*«nt M**m. 3. E. 1. Üa. W. H. Dibley. John Sidnoy, ibo bo». **rt:A<y -'Caarlea J. K. ULr;, and th« manage* '£ '«r-Ä-irj. TaaeSiairnianreportidßifonow*;--. y*:'* Kr» «i daring ti« woek, II.Í; bed« occapírd, kwpifal, ï ;M» rmraaininjT, M. Ti« roanaçCT AtaitM two oaaea for readraiatioa. The lam ft^rt waa alao reeeired from tb« aapcrlatcadVst. tm II follow» .-Number of moaU acrred **riag tia woek, l.*7 : beda o©e q pi ed, i'j; ra- ta bad paid a riait ot tnapaetian to tho farro ¿tra7 th, week, aad banded in a written report " th* work ia proyrcaa. A Ne» Roxi.-» Carnorjc Runop.-AJtho-uija so «Ceil iLfaffaat^fi ii loiaad, wcrd bax bo«a re «..«Jai th4 ippoialmeat of »he V*ry Rxr. Ur. fciWy, u{ HalLarat, VííWrria, aa Coadjntor i^aop of Hobart. Arehr/Mhop Jforpby, of H^Hrt, ja th« oldeat Romaa Catbol!« pr«!at*) ia A'^*ra!a*ia, aad ti« appointment of an aatiitaat .M rirtoaSj decided apon a year «fro. Dr. **d*aey la a well-known and popular priest. Ho ?* tba prÎTato aeentary of fiitbop Moon ia Ballarat, .oí ia enditad with haring for aereraJ years *«Ut*d largely in tb« admlnUUatíon of tie !f Ai/rcdPark! **ota. Dona Boaabioor, of <X*tur tottntξ to bar« boan a caadidaM for tie epia etat«. Doaa Beech i nor ia relatad ta Arob ??op Varphy. Ï^LO-A. Bm. Oidav.-Aa ittpfwrmont wa* effected meaü> ia the orr-an io th» Y.al.C.A. Hall ia rai* io ir tba pitch fron» what ia known aa " church" pilch to .'philharmonic.'' Bj ibti mean» tie iaatrument wa» rendered more eui tibia for cn DM rt parpo» e. Thia ha.« BOW bea» »nppla beat pattern, prawsled bj two of the awaiben. CuauruJ Sort II_TJJJ._ The finit oí a aeries of lector-* DB " Christian SociaUfto : What it 1» and what ii iaaot." wai proa ia ti» Rookwood Coa frr- wsrinaa] Cbnrcb lut erena; ft by tba IUv. B. ltbode*. .Th» »abject oí ti» evening waa," Tba good old pita, that lb»7 ibonld Uk» who bad tbs powrr, aad they aboald keep who caa." BimaïN raz.-rrrrrc»u-is Cnracn.-Special »ex Tiw wen- held ot tai» rbsrek ye*:rrd»r, ia eon »K:;,B with the »onnal .? Te»* Men'i Suaday." Mr. F. E. Oxer. BA., occupied tb» porp lt io tbo wOraiaR, «nd diicourvd OB " Liberty :" aad at ereaiotr nerrie« Mr. Jan»« Doab, jua-, B.A. ¡Ma a: W.i." Special mnaic wa* rendered ». tb» Trice*, Mr. Alex. Bowen actina- a» rondador. Pixaja.fT S or. AT ÁTTTKÍOOSS ron nrx Piori-r. -Tbo »¡alb of ti» »eric» ol sarrio» bein jr wa- rted by Ber. J. M. Bayley, in tb» LoicLbardt sa lilli, wa« be!d yesterday afternoon. Tbo )i»!» »orv Mr». Parker, Mia* "Wright, aad Mr. irle» Hud*ca. Mr. Adkins played a rioïia ). nod Mr. B. J. Fbiiiip. presided «.- (be orjrao. «delma oa *' Chrutitaityaad 31 odors Liberty " .ford, Lauden, Coapm A Trum A cero ETT.-About 7 o'clock Iiwt nijrht SCT^AX Bm-.LAiîna.-BítiTf^i 1 m ra. and 2 .ir-.«. Karrt Sjd^j. ... brr*.. ly "re EEK;£ ? -Kr «Er? Sil ilSlM 