Ladles Losingl Watctes. Going into some of the large stores ln town one may notice that munny of the young women behind the counters who are so fortunate as to possess watches have the rings at the stemsof their tinmepiccesdrawn through holes in their jrseys nand fastened down securely by a button, so that a watch could not be removed withoutquite au effort, and certainly not without its wearer know. ing about it. This is a scheme of wearing a watch that has gone into fashlou in the stores, and it has a substantial and sensible basis. RIecently a great many weatches have been stolen or lost, and in the lost and found columns a larger number thau usual have been reported. From tie small number re. ported as found compared with the largo number reported as loot, it is alparent that either the honesty of the people who have been finding watches on the curbstones lately is at a very low staldurd, or else the watches were really not lost in the sense in. tended by the dvertlsers, but stolen. It has been quite fashionable for ladies, especially for those engaged in the stores, to wer their watches in their bosoms, with fob chains hanging out of the button-.loles of their jerseys. In most of the cases where watches have been lost, the wearers had grown careless, and to save time an I have the time-pieces as available as men have theirs, they had just tucked them in between their corset covers and the cursets, instead of Indldu the corsets no most ladies, it is believed, do. Thus worn, they were an invitation to a pickpocket, and in the crowds on the trams andi ferries, just atter the closing hours of the stores, it was an easy matter for an expert thief to make a " haul." A lady had the misiortune to find a watch on one of the streets ti Sydney the other day, and she advertised it in the IIeald. The applicants who called right away after the appearance of tle lladverttellnellt were so numerous that it was Is person's work to attend the door. The lady was surprised that so lmany peoile could have lost watches., The police will ray that there are nothlevs In the city-they always do-but the yewag laeies an town know bettor. \- A certaill ict of patronageo was con ferred by ta :oetl, rl lnlo llegelan with a 'T. on Alexa'lder Smith, which tihe young oman very naturally resented. When T'- observ ed: "Never mind what the erislei any. Ilike your poems," Smitlh is said to I are replied, "Oh, sir, do not discourage me."-Argoiuit. Urllctiem a 1nt Oriticlsm.-Ool. "l'at' I)olal dou ltn' lilke thle Iplavof "lamlet.5 tIhar the eloqucent adjeetiveilneger: " I have no catience, much less sympathy, with t wretched wenlaling who goes aroued jabber. Inog at dilapitated ohl ghosts In tin helmets n?Ia green alzere ils,onder bhogus moonlight I evereisticltly l i tecitliingtodosometldng,and neverdalin': Isi driviig his nweetheart to luI laoy and a catl h death, iby Ilis dimnemuseum fieks; nmakincg ctll sIpeeelc s to skulls and grercll?Cge"sn; gi tin Ito all scrts of hehlys. Irrics; nd cat last, running a section of bar. br wire f ne?e, in tile nest apprved Chieba go pig.stickitc styhl', thirouul:h his dead girl's brotlhel, ccd dying, hiosclf, to hlow tihhlle Ililsic, alild a ngeeral e trmace of lunatics and wreck of absurditiesl, 6 l 