(&QXU0;$Q\V$Zmt. . DR. MAGAREYS. BILL AND THE. ZICJSXSZD VJLCTUALLEliS- ASSOCIATION. to the sunns. Sir— As Mr. Anthony truly poiaisout there are two Bides to every question, but as regards the drink Bill there happens., to be another side, or more correctly speaking a centre, and to that centre I unfortunately belong, i.e., one .of the vast crowd of careless drinkers who bave drifted from the simple sup to the almost 'unsatisfying swallow; and t earnestly pray that I may live t3 see the day when strong dank is for ever swept, away, not only for my ealie but for the sake o£ my .children and everybody else's children who may not physically have the vain boast that ??I have bad of being able to take a large quantity of strong drink without any apparent ;effeot! ; yet I know f ull well that it is eating imy very life away. Many people on reading this no doubt will say — ' Then why not giveid up? You must be a fool to let it best you Ilike that.' Let me tell any such that they do not know the world ana its snares, and how simple it is for a weak-minded person (and there are millions of such in the world) to be led to drink. And as for drink prolong ing life, though every drinker and drunkard Who ever lived should start from' their graves and gay their lives had been lengthened by a day through drink I would not believe them, for it would only be more of the devil's deceit. jBut this I know, were such a thing possible, i there would be a vast army who would rise ITrcm their graves and say in words of blood, fire, sorrow, and scorn, 'I have committed ?murder, suicide, caused accidents, misery, jbunger, and the thousand blackest tins known in the world, through ;drink.' And yet the brewer dare boldly .stand and eay they too have & eide to take and 'fight against the temoerance BilL Ob, what a jeide. God help those who ever taste— the ?moderate drinker, the careless, and the drunkard— from lending any- weight to over balance the temperance side, composed of coble men whose lives are spent and whose «very thought and deed are for the welfare of ?their fellow-beings. I speak as a thinking man of the world. Not as a preacher, ibut as a sinner, I cry in the very midst ;o£ misery ? caused by drink; not as ;a temperance writer wishing to gain a fraction, a billet, or a living: from the jiemperance party. The lecturer the other jtright remarked that those who favored the jEfll of Dr. Magarey were fanatics or getting ja living out of the cause. I should really [think he was a joker, for a man need not be a jfanatic even if he did get a living from the tem tperanes cause any more than the brewer who (gets it by the cause of drink. And as for true letatistios, take them from the gaols, the jlunatic asylums, blind, deaf, dumb, and desti tute, and many born diseased. If we could but get the bare truth that) would be traced .to drink and drink alone. And as for revenue, oh what a shadow of a ghost rbo stalk before the makers of the ilaws of any Christian nation, if such ithere be. Why there is no greater waste on earth than drink ; and comparing the shadow :.of drink with the substance of gold made into [trinkets, useful and ornamental, only shows ihow shallow the case and bow weak the legs .the drinkers have to stand on. It is nothing in favor of drink makers and drink sellers to :6tate that in times of prosperity there is more money spent in drink than in times of depression. Nothing could be more natural, (Likewise there are not so many starving in ?times of plenty. If people could only be taught to save their money when times :&re; good, instead of putting it into the brewers' coffers, they would find the benefit in bad or dull times. I might just here state that it is a satire on legislation to note how our law makers, who have to dear- with the drink Bill, when on their little Royal Commission trips take a supply of gold top and otherwise regale themselves at our expense. I often wonder 'if they really know any more or even as much -of what they went for when they return. 'Prom what I can see of the business ?done this session I should think, if I may be allowed to judge, that it 'will take about a thousand' years to pass ,a dozen Bills unless they be their own pocket ?bills of pleasure. Returning to the lecture, ?which was stated to be a very interesting one, feeing one of the audience the only interest I could notice was the £ 8. d. of the liquor trade, fand I do hope that the present and all future laws made will be carried out more strictly ithan they have been in the past; that the .police will not wink at offences, and that .magistrates will assist them, and not require overwhelming proof as long as there is sufficient evidence to convict. But I am just ?going a little too far, for I remember .we have several magistrates who are publicans, *nd I dare say many more who are merchants in the liquor trade ; and, putting it to myself, if I am a magistrate, I am not going to charge myself with being drank or any other offence and fine myself even the lowest penalty. Oh .dear, oh dear ; the more deeply I get into the subject the more complicated seems the case to become, and I beein to think that if there were . abuses in the time of Charles Dickens there are many more now, only they are glossed and gilded over, aye, even cloaked above the gloss and gilt, and I fear until there are many more men fearless, eager, and ready to fight aU friends and foes, to make laws aright and see them carried out, things will not mend ; but with the spread of knowledge and education bad men will plan with greater skill to break the law, and any man inolined to kill will find a flaw in every Bill, and instead of being a benefit, if laws are not well and truly made, they will be a curse. It requires the skill of master minds to deal with the drink question and all its attendant vices, and I am sure all right-thinking persons will thank the Rev. J. Berry for his plain speaking, and that anyone trying to abuse him or his calling for eo speaking only bringsridicule upon himself. Hoping all wise and earnest men will take the matter up is the wish of a CARELESS DRINKER, Adelaide, September 9, 1893. 