Oar London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate, London, October 19. 1893.' MtDeae Clara. — The horn of the hunter is heard on the hill, and autumn joys and glories have set in with great severity. Forest hunting Commenced with ' The Queen's ' last Monday, and Percy went dovm of course. The first ineet was at the Boyal Hotel, Ascot $ but he tells me the field was not large, and the noble Master, Lord Bibblesdale,didn6tputinan appearance. The deer was uncarted at Bed Lodge (about three miles from the Heath) and they had a capital run for the poor thing was not caught till somewhere about Braeknell, quite a distance. I don't see any sport in galloping miles after a poor frightened-to-death .tame deer, do you ? If s dif ferent with a fox. Master Reynard is a wild thing and a practical pirate of a most pronounced description, who always pegs away at one's pettest and prettiest pbultiy. But a p&orpantifrg; quiver ing stag, who is taken out and hunted ever so many times in the same season, it's disgusting. t don't wonder there is all this discussion about the abolition of the Boyal Buckhounds. They say this is the last year of this noble institution, and a good thing too. ? Tes, the winter is upon us, and the lamps are lit at 4.30 p.m., and the fog, the cold, damp grey or white, and sometimes yellow fog (through, which the lights gleam a dark, dusky red) comes down with dreadful regularity at about the same time. The east wind is blowing, and up and down the cold streets the poor people shuffle, breathing into their hands, and beating their arms across their chests to keep warm. How glad you should be to live in a land where the sun always shines ! The brown leaves are falling, the trees are nearly bare, and we are having fires in every room and in the ball. We have just come in from a drive in the Park. It was ? very chilly, and we troop upstairs and sit close and warm and cosy and snug in our dressing-room. It is only 5 p.m., but quite dark. The fire roars brightly up the chimney (they say that is a sign of frost), and while I am writing Delia slips on her gown, lays back in her ' sleepy hollow ' chair, and, lazy and luxurious, sips nice warm tea, with a dash of lemon in it, and dozes off now and then while Louise is brushing her lovely long and brown and bonnie back hair. And so we sit, so still^-no sound but the soft swish of the brush, and the ticking of tbe timepiece, or a cinder falling from the grate — till suddenly, with a hideous racket it seems, the first dressing bell rings. Then it is all bustle — ''And who would have thought it was bo late P' The season will soon be in swing. The theatres are full, and already invitations for lots of dinners and dances are out. The club houses are opening their sleepy eyes, waking up from their summer somnolence. ' The Guards ' are back in their own home — it is beautifully decorated, and looks quite new. They put up at the ' new club' in Grafton-street, while their own place was being renovated. 'The Bachelors,' you know, that dreadfully exclusive crowd that I told you about last season, where every married lady visiting them is sup posed to carry about with her her legal license in case of any dispute arising, &c.; Well, they have issued invitations for a great party and dance, and we are all going, and are looking for ward to having a real time. Hampton Court Palace is haunted ! and every night, at the witching hour, is seen a gruesome sight— Henry VIII., with all his wives, following in Indian file, Annie Boleyn being the most con spicuous, carrying her head under her arm in orthodox ghostly fashion. The procession ie brought up by Katherine Parr, laughing and chuckling with tbe beadsman; and through the palace stalks this ghastly, grisly, ghostly crowd, and all the people that therein do dwell are nearly mad with fear, and nine good looking housemaids have given notice, and all the policemen and militiamen in tbe vicinity are in despair. A Royal Commission has been sug gested, for it is felt that these ghosts of high, degree cannot be dealt with in the common or garden ghost manner. There was a talk of send ing for Mr. Steadj and bis Julia, but it was feared that the editor of the ' Review of Beviews' might be too severe in his inquiries, and that tbe ghostly ladies would not like this and might do him some damage. There are no visitors (except great groups of .^disengaged actors who love nothing so well as seeing the ghost walk), and it is feared that the palace may ultimately lapse into a suburban retreat of tbe Psychical 'Research Society. Meanwhile tbe ghosts crowd all up the picture gallery stairs. There is no room to pass after 12.30 a.m., and the housemaids refuse to withdraw the notices. Do you like an up-to-date story ? Here is one : ' Well,' said the father to a fellow clubman, 'what to do I don't know; my daughter has fallen in love with young Preston. He's of a good family, but there is no money; while there's Hardring, the millionaire, who loves her to dis traction, and who is ready to settle JE1000 a year on her. What ought a fellow to do ? I am . sure I don't know.' ' Don't know ?' said tbe friend ; ' rubbish ! In these hard times of finance be a man of the world, my boy, and make her marry Hard ring, and then if she likes to take her hook with tbe scion of the noble house, it needn't cost you aEything.' I have got the most delightful bit of scandal for you, perfectly and awfully thrilling, a real sensation. You know I told you last week that H.B.H., and the Duke and Duchess of York went to Peckham and opened the South London Fine Art Gallery, and the new public library, Camber well. Well, shortly before the Royal visitors were expected to arrive, a lady in the crowd, attired in mourning and deeply veiled, became extremely agitated, making hysterical and indiscreet reference to the recent marriage of the Duke of York, in connection with certain unpleasant rumors that were afloat at the time, and treating the matter for some reason, as a personal grievance. Fortunately, before public attention was attracted by ber observations, her friends who were present were able to induce her to retire quietly ; in fact, so dexterously was this accomplished that the little incident was witnessed by very few, and the ceremony, which took place shortly afterwards, proceeded without any awkward contretemps. It is said, by those who are supposed to be ' in the know,' that a previous attempt at a public demonstration was made a few months ago, but was foiled. The unhappy lady, wbo is well con nected, is now lying dangerously ill of meningitis ; it is said tmtt her reason is despaired of. Now, isn't that too lovely and romantic; bnt I don't believe a word of it, do you ? The winter season of the Crystal Palace Satur day Concerts bas commenced, and Mr. Mann, compassionate in his old age, doth not scorn the young English composer. And there took -place at Sydenham t&e; first performance of Mr. Godfrey Pringle's (' Godfrey Pringle to is not a good com bination, is it ? The front name is all right, but 'Pringle' — dreadful) 'Ballad for Orcbestaa.' It was supposed to illustrate TThland's ' Durand,' but it was only a supposition, and was chiefly rflTnn.rlra.lilB for its distinct Mascagni-ite pro clivities and three trombones. The a post rophe ' To-Night,' from Wagner's *' Tristan,' was also on the programme, and here Mr. Mann snowed real judgment. He gave tbe voice parts to a cornet and « tenor trombone, and for once the vocal line made some headway, against the amazing and incessant noise of the orchestra. In these days of advanced music how one does some times hunger for the despised and delicious melodies, and the monotonous 'turn torn ' of tbe Bossinian school. If we could only go back to the placid days of the harpsichord and the spmnet (so different to the nowadays), is which the tenderest emotions can only be fittingly pourtrayed through the medium of four trom bones, and the heart beats of tbe emotional heroine are signified by fearful and simultaneous blows on four big drums, Did yon recollect the €th of this month was the anniversary of the death of England's greatest poet and sweetest singer of the 19th century ? We could not resist the occasion. We ^nade a pilgrimmage to the Abbey, and laid a wreath on tbe grave of Tennyson. Papa went to the funeral of Ford Madox Brown. He was buried at'Finobley tost Wednesday. The Academy, which neglected him all Mb fife, was consistent, and did not j-ay him any respect when dead, the only member that attended being Mr. Alma - Tadema. Mr. and Mrs. ITnlinn.fi Hunt were there, but Mrs. Hunt did not get ont of the carriage. There was no re. ligions ' service, but an. address by* an American leottuw,»thera£tiMthoOoloaolZag«rsoUt&0&sL; but^ nothing in it to shock the old-fashioned prejudices of anyone present. Among those standing bareheaded round tbe grave Were Mr. W. W. Kossetti, Mr. Cave Thomas, Mr. F. G. Stephens, Mr. J. P. Seddon, Mr. Theodore Watts, and Mr. Harry Quilter. ' Utopia Limited '- is doing great business at the Savoy; but for the public the pith of the attraction is in tbe old alliance. 'Gilbert and Sullivan' is a wonderful watchword, and will call together the theatre-goers in their myriads. The music is delicious, and in some parts Sir Arthur seems to have been in 1»« best and most humorous mood. Asked if a certain thing. rfis the fashion at St. James's ?'J the reply is, 'Yes, at St. James's Hall}' and then there ie a great burst of ' Johnny, Get Your Gun ' from the band and a shriek of laughter from tbe audience. The score is full of funny bits like this. Mr. Gilbert is of course always bright and sparkling and amusing, but he repeats himself so much, both in lines and ' business.' I think we have al} seen something like this bef ore^-it is a real ' Gilbertian trio ' from the the second act of ' Utopia.' I Sfend you a Ibvely suggestion or idea. Of course now that the Duchess of Edinburgh is a reigning Princess any anecdote of her manners and customs must have an added interest. The Ducbess is very fond of a certain little summer villa at Bosenau, and when .there she has 5 o'clock tea on the lawn every day, and for tea she has, amongst other things large baked potatoes ' in their jackets !' Now, don't you think you could electrify or paralyse your euphonious Potts's Point with something in the same style. Lord and Lady CarringtOn have been entertain ing a large house party at Wycombe Abbey. Lord Carringtonisnow 'on tour' with the Welsh Land Commission, and is staying at Baron Hill, near Beaumaris, Wales, with Sir ' Richard Williams Bulkeley. The first night of the new piece at tbe Prince of Wales was rather sensational. Mr. George Edwards, who combines with the softness of the dove tbe wisdom of the serpent, caused it to be known all over town (as a profound secret, of course) that 'The Gaiety Girl ' had been refused a licence. I believe it is a very generally known weakness with that young person not to ask for that sort of thing but to give it. When the dreadful news spread all the ' chappies ' and the 'johnnies,' and, in fact, everybody, was in despair. But, oh, joy ! at the last moment the | ban was lifted and the performance was to take place, and Coventry-street was a sight, in a state of siege hours before tbe doors opened. Tbe piece went very well, but now every lady seems much disappointed, for tbe lines were not at all indis creet, and the much-talked-of bathing dresses are felt to be an imposition, for, though pretty, they are absolutely proper. But there is a dance by Miss St. Cyr which is simply — well, there. The topsy turvey tarantelle in ' Little Christo pher Columbus ' has caught on, and is a sensa tion. I hear there is to be a movement organised in a certain section of the monde to retire to ' fix up ' during this number of the opera, for it is found to be ' not at all nice, don't you know,' by ladies whose ability to appreciate the niceness of anything is of the most limited description. There is to be some innovations in the music hall world. The Empire and the Trocadero are both to give ' Bowdlerized ' matinees, vrith all the usual objectionable features ' eliminated ' — I believe that is the correct expression — and the perform ance will be of a nature to afford Mrs. Grundy, Mr. Gilbert's ' young lady of 15,' and Mr. M'Dougall (of the London Country Council) un limited and unalloyed satisfaction. This is felt to be a step in the right direction, and the concession is much appre ciated, especially by young ladies from the country, who will now stand a chance of personally realising the sort of things they read about but so very seldom see. It is thought that in time these matinees may have a serious effect on the attendance at Madame Tussaud's Waxworks, especially if tbe management are thorough in their desire to amuse the rising generation, and advertise a reduction in the admission, ' for schools and governesses.' In. fact, practical people think it would pay to let the governesses in for nothing. Good bye, love, take care of yourself and don't forget your cousin KATE. 