The Ghost of Bamboo Gully: OR, The Headless Woman of Murder Creek. By Mark Antony. CHAPTER I. A Belated Party Situated about midway between Maitland and Singleton (not to be too precise as to locality), on on the Main Northern Road, Bamboo Gully opens its gloomy mouth to the traveller's view - a black and dismal blotch on the surrounding land, and a spot that is shunned even in the broad light of day by those who know, from local tradition, the horrors that haunt its gloomy shades. Murder Creek - now modernised into Merton's Creek - flows silently and sluggishly through its dismal shades, and neither bird nor other animal life is to be found there, save on the long, dark nights of the winter, when the eerie hoot of the owl may sometimes be heard, or the long, melancholy cry of the curlew ascends from its depths like the last despairing call of a lost soul. Here, in the underwood and amongst the rank grasses, the venomed snake glides softly, and the deadly adder lies in wait for a victim. Here, too, the yellow and black striped iguana crawls up the slimy tree trunk like a spirit of evil, and the horrible jew-lizard spits out her venom at the sound of an unwary footstep, and crawls into her hollow log to blink and blear her hate on any who may have the hardihood to dare that accursed solitude. Even at the period of which we write - the summer of 1846 - the evil repute of this lonely gully had been noised abroad, and few travellers on the Great Northern Road between Maitland and Singleton cared to have night overtake them near the haunted creek - or even further north about a mile, where the bush track wound its lonely way over Crimson Hill, and where the gibbets and triangles for the torture and death of the refractory and hapless convicts then stood. It was a bloody scene even in that cruel and sanguinary age. For at that time - and in that place - "the lash and chain held sway," and in yonder barracks, whose ruins yet disfigure the smiling hill, hundreds of malefactors - the scum and dregs of older countries \- dragged out an existence of torture such as only the ingenuity of devils could invent, or natures debased beneath that of the brute creation could bear up against. AIas, poor hapless wretches ! Now we can look back with pity on the tortures meted out to them ; and so we can from our hearts anathematise the cruel demons who had them in thrall ; for we know that many of those unfortunate convicts were not hardened criminals, but often patriots and martyrs, suffering the wrath of tyranny and oppression, Ah, well ! it is all past and gone now, thank God, and the vengeance for their wrongs has passed into His hands Who has the right to reward or punish. The earth at the bottom of yonder triangles has drunk the life's blood of many of them - for many died there under the lash - and the gallows immediately adjacent has accounted for many more, and their bones mingle - the bones of the true and brave - with those of the depraved and bad, in the now disused cemetery on the hill. They are all dead and gone now, the poor unfortunates ; but ah ! even at that distant time, and up to the present hour, their angry ghosts come back "revisiting the pale glimpses of the moon," and rendering night hideous where their cruel torments were borne, Often, even in these modern and more humane days, the belated traveller when passing over the Crimson Hill will hear the scream of some anguished victim, and the "swish" of the scourge that tortures him ; and then he knows that the phantoms of a bloody past are in the air, and that horrors long since past and gone are being re-enacted over on the hill. At times, too, the grisly spectres are said to appear to human eyes, and there are people who will tell you they have seen "the headless woman," and even held conversation with her - a rather difficult feat we should imagine - or that the gory shade of a newly scourged convict has rushed past them on the road, his shoulders naked and bloody, and the bloodhounds of "Old Squatter Larruper" in full cry after him. But these stories are no more than the fables of modern times and, we do not intend to deal with any such flimsy material, we will go way back to Christmas Eve in the year 1846, where we know that only hard facts are to be met with, and ask our readers to pause with us at the bottom of Crimson Hill, where a group of three men is gathered round a vehicle which lies on its side in the ditch. Evidently, a catastrophe has just occurred, for one of the wheels of the machine is still spinning, and the gentlemen, though seemingly whole in body, are dusty and flustered-looking, as if they had just gathered themselves up out of the debris. And they just XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX had, too! rin« iiilnuti'b pinvlotuly, who» on tim auininltof Um 1 II), li Wr bruak lind rufimcd to act and thU nu« li o ritnlt, 'J'lui Immen hud obuipi'd injury, a» hml tin ii »»timm, lin-lilly, and all (hoy had now lo lament wim a badly dnmn^cd (rup and a had «unto, A» we como upon tia-in tlmy am rapidly gi»tllri|{ uvtr their troiiUm», and bt>|{lnnlii|i coolly to coi.»!d«r way» und umuna. Two of tho party aro ovur tho inldJIu n|t«-gontloinun of at le Mt ISO year«-ard both appear lo be educated mon and member», evidently, of ono of tho learned pro! fawioni. " Adoetorandala»vyor," wo mentally ajneu. late, a« wo draw uoar thom, and «ubeequent ovonta prove that our guess «rai correct. The flustered and illuscd pair were indeed Dr. Jonas Ligature and b¡B friend Lawyer Gainsuit, both of Maitland, and they were returning from Singleton, where they had been in professional attendance on a dying friend, when tbeir vehicle had playod them this mean trick. The third man of the party can be dismissed with lees notice j ho was only the driver, a red-haired, profane young Jehu, who answered to tho name of " Jim," Bnd who took to that cognomen moro naturally, and smarter, if it was prefaced with a big capital " D" and shouted out loud. TIIIB latter poroonago had been examin- ing- his horses, and, finding the tin i ni B1 a nil tight, had next turned his attention to the conveyance. This wne, however, "all wrong," and Jim joined the group in the road to announce the sad fact in his own brusque way, by remarking "Daran fine mess here, gen'men-near shaft broken, off wheel away, nu' Ling bolt iu two flamin' pieces. Ves. Gran'job entirely !" "James, my dear, good, young mau," rcmon Rtrated the doctor, severely, "let me counsel you to avoid piofanity, and to (when stating the results of n disaster) not term it 'a grand job.' You do not menu it, Janies, aud to persons unacquainted with the nature of our mishap your statements would be mislendiug and wrong." "You incorrigiblo villain, you mendacious scoundrel !" fumed the lawyer (James's master), " how dare you moke light of our-" " Oh, shut up, both on yer, for eny sakes," inter- rupted the irreverent Jim, impatiently. "Wish t' the Lud I could make some light BO'« I cud fix up that there wcichlc somehow. It's n'most dark now, and there's dozens o' places as I'd rather pass the night in than just here." " Pooh, pooh, my good lad, that is only some of your superstitious folly," remarked the doctor, reprovingly. "I know ton hat you refer, James ¡ but, let me assure you, there is nothing in any foolish ghost stories whatever. The materialised spirit is a myth, James, an utter impossibility in the eyes of science, and we make an invariable practice of putting it down when met with." " I'm worry glad to hear that, doctor," replied the driver, caustically. " They wants puttin' down bad, 'specially about here, and ye may get plenty ter do at the job 'fore tnornin' if wo stays here." " We must stay here, you miscreant; you know wo cannot avoid it," panted his cholerío master. " Come away and help us get the rugs and refresh- ments from under the trap. Lord grant the jar of brandy may have escaped damage. A, little spirits will help us wonderfully now, doctor, don't you think ?" "It will so, John, it will, indeed, and I say .Amen' to your sensible prayer," murmured tho anxious disciple of Esculapius, as he hastened to t»ivo his aid to tho other two. " We'll have the things out and camp down there in the gully, and if the spirits are safe, we will not have much to complain of." "Phew! Is that the programmer?" enquired tho startled driver, as he let go the broken shaft nnd stood erect. " D'ye purpose tor camp down there in that there Bamboo Gully arter all yo hev heard about it? 'Cos, if yer does, ye'll find the sperits 'li be all right. Gosh! ye'll bov more sporita-o' a sort-than ye'll know what to do with." " James," said the doctor, severely, as he fixed his glasses on Ititi nose and agnin cBBayed to raise the overturned vehicle, " lot us have no mero of this ignorant folly, but help mo raise this part of the trap. Science, which I revere and believe in, and which I have humbly tried to follow from my earliest youth, baa taught mo to scorn such mythi- cal things. I can feel tbo jar, Jamos, and I shall demonstrate even to your beclouded intellect that's right, JameB, just a little higher please that a materialised spirit is au impossibility, and no moro than the outcome of besotted-thanks, James ! I've goi the brandy, and it is all safe superstition." " My heaving, doctor, but you aro a ' wunner' to talk," gasped Jim, as be dropped his end of the machine and gathered up tho rugs and refresh- ments, preparatory to following the two gentlemen down the gully, " Shouldn't bo surprised even if the ''eadless female' happoars that 'u torks'er inter lunacy or tries tor charge 'er for his purfeshinal advice. I know old skinflint there wud, and the doctor gets the name o' bein' smart si' his charges, too. Ah well, wiah'r goodness it war inorniu' and us safe out o' this enssed gully, 'coi* I don't Uko it, not nohow." Tho little patty soon reached a sequestered nook by tho bank of the creek, where the thickly cluster- ing vines and donso shrubbory could effectually ?milieu their camp aro from the road, and whero no prowling outlaw eould find them except by chance, and hero Jim's master paused, threw down hi« share of the luggago, and ordered his superstitious servant to light a fire, It was now close on nine o'clock, and very dark| but, spurrud on by his own fears and tim peremptory orders of his employer, Jim soon had a rousing fire flaring up in the opon ing, its ruddy beams turning the long yellow bamboo rods into reeds of gold, and adding a richer tingo of green to the surrounding borbugo und bushes. Hy Its light, Dr. Ligature was revealed Bitting on a pilo of cushions anxiously Burutinising the oxterior of his brandy jar, but tho worried look on his face soon vanished us the light continued to increase, For, hy it aid, ho was enabled to soa that the jar was uninjured, Laying it carat ully ou one aide tho Doctor now took a pistol from his hip pocket nnd proceeded to examine, it as to loading, freo notion of chum her, trigger, «to,, and tho lawyer having followed lils example with lils pistol, the friends drew their rugs ulono to thu light and prepared themselves to pasB away (hu lonoly hours of night as butt thoy might, Jim, tho driver, rioiiuhed betweun them rather closer than the oom mon etiquette of their relative uncial positions might warraut, yet neither of tho guntloinuu troubled to correct bim but siuflud pityingly to each othtir on the quiot us thoy nmikod thu frightened glauueshe from time to tinja ¿nat into thu gloomy bush ou either side, Boen drinking cups wore produced, und tim plentiful t>upply of liquor was brouuhod and hundod round, aud oven in this distribution tho timid Janie« wa« tnmted «s un equal, The gewur rous liquor, of courue, soon begun to liavo ita usual effect, Plenen Hy J amos plucked up siiMciunt nour agc to hit further buck and nut inuoimnodu lils muster mid the doutori and, by tim time ho hud buri ulindi d hit third drink lie bud so inuuh changed his oiigiiml petition that tho thru" men occupied equidistant sites lound thu uauipdlro, and the (ouguu of the servant ew as loud and «oniitunl a« that of tho guniilous doctor. 