THE MISER'S LEGACY. " He's come, Mr. Herman." " Came 1 Come at last 7 Are you sure of It, Joe?" "Sure as taxes," said Joe Poppinger, with a confident nod of his head. "He's taken that old house-the Haunted House, the neigh bors call St-and he's moved Into it, bag nnd baggage, which ain't much, by the way." "Any servants with htm,Joe?" "Only one-a crooked old woman-«s throw a porringer of hot water o»cr me when I came round to as M I could be ot auy use. If they only owned a black cat I'd hare the wholekitaiid boodle of 'em up for witchcraft. I never did come across such a rum lot In all my life." " Did you ecc the old man yourself, Joe ?" "8ee him, Mr. Herman! I see a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a palm-lent patterned dressinp-gown and ft flannel night-cap on bis head, and I s'posed likely there couldn't be two such outlandish old customers going. He was A runnin' in and out from the furniture cart like a craty spider." " Tbat will do Joe, Here isa balt-a-crown for you." "Tbank'ee, sir, Much obliged to you, sir." And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and pulling at the front of his cap, while Herman FrenSjyn leaned, whistling, against the pillar of the front verandah. 8o old Miner Molfneaux had arrived at last -the rich and eccentric relative-on the re version of whoso fortune, real or supposed, be had all his life been buildiufr aSrial castle*. At last-nnd Herman resolved the very next day to call or.d poy bis respects, although the old woman with the hot water did not add to the delights of contemplating this visit. " If t hadn't heard from his lawyer that be bad talcen a lease of the Stone House," muted Mr. Franklyn, "I certainly never should have burled myself in this oot-of-way place awaiting his advent; and if t hadn't thought I could work into his good graces I never &hould;"have taken the trouble to hunt him up. Iieigho 1 Sometimes I think it would be'esster to work for money than to inherit And so the next day Mr. Frankly ti 'called-! Miner Moiinoanx received htm verycoolly, I attttac among ht& treasures, like Marina amid the ruins of Carthage. But Franklyn aottecd that he kept one hand on the ring ot a padlocked iron bos beside him as be talked. "Well, yonng man, and what do yon want?" hetekoa, impatiently, when the old woman, who evidently considered that Mr. FranWyn wtu no ioi the hot water treatment, showed hfm in. "So inquire nftet your health, Cousin Miner," said the young man smoothly. " Humph 1 My health is well enough? Better than you wish it, I dare say." "Mydearrfr " " But it will make no difference to yon," nciflly went on the old man, still nervously fingering the rings of theirbnboz. "I don't deny that I have a treasure to leavp behind me " Herman Franklyn's eyes glistened. .. But it will be to those who consult my wishes more than yon have done." .' But, my dear cousin " " Worfs are all very well," esid the old miser, shrugging his shoulders," but deeds apeak the loudest Too knew very well my aversion to matrimony-Bnd yet you go and engaze yourself to get married to a girl who hasn't a penny, EhT Don't yout" In a rising inflection like a bark. "And then, aftcy coolly disregarding all my wishes, yon expect me to leave yon this-this" tapping, os he spoke, on the lid of the box. " But, Cousin Miner, if you wish me, I will certainly adapt myself to your opinions, t did not know that »" " Stuff and nonsen^ I" yelled tbeold mat " What you knew or didn't know Is perfectlj immateripj to me. Leave me to my books writlnp. Tbrfs all I ask of any 8o Mr. Franklyn went moodily away. "I must break my engagement," said he to himself. " That's the first thing. What the second will be depends entirely on fate and fortune." - Josie "Safi*»raV mtUng^n the farm-honie kitchen, peel ids potatoes. She1 was a black eied, dRmaak-cheekcd girl, with velvety .eye brows,'and around, red dot of a mouth ;and [ in those dark eyes glistened a light half | resentful, half anguish, as she looked straight st. Herman Franktyn. . ' \ " I understand," skid she, " yon want to break the engagement; Kow that your rich 'apple has come to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. " It. Isn't ibflt, Josle, believe me, said rftsrikiyn, twistthg bimaelf about, with the 'Signals of keen mortification blazing on his cheek..."ButI think perhaps it would be bettet ifot both of us--" . *' *.« Atid I liavetft tbcleast doubt of it," pss ~ej£jatoe1y interrupted Josie, with heaving . 'tmfesBt andij^iveVinplips. "'Aihoufahd times . better; jfqr I value the love of no man who "can leave me thus. Pray don't waste your tidM'hmxrajuring np any farther excuses. are .-quite unnecessary. I wish you a wwyigotsthmbrntng." - . -rArid ShSWent on'peeling bet potatoes, while. Herman -Frankly# crept out of the housej feeling ver/ like a whipped cnr. For a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, but the reward-as at least he . -esfedmedtt-cahie at last. '. Mr." MinerHolineaux fellill. Being ill, he WBS frightened. Being frightened be was solitary. And consequently he sent for his consin Fianklyn, o'thiDg he sever would have done in health. ? . " Vou don't think I'm going' to die, do you, Herman f" he asked, tremulously, "Oh, there's no'danger, at all," reassured the young man, as the doctor had that'mom said that the patient's spirts must be kept np at all hazards. " And you won't leave met" ."'Certainly not, if mypresence can be of *ny satisfaction to you," responded the de lighted fortune-seeker. " But that girl tbat you're engaged to," grumbled Mr. Mollneax; "she won't like it." .' Do you think that I could persist in any-' thing contrary to your wishes?" reproach fully asked Herman Franklyn, "The en gagement Is broken." : "Good!" croaked the old man. "Engage ments area humbug, in any event. Engage .mentsto girts that saven't anything are still rroree. Cousin Franklyn, you've more sense than I gave you credit for?' i: ? Mlner4Ioliw*«x greW *ro»e. jOriihelorth afternoon he sent for a lawyer and mode his will. On the fifth be became .speechless; On the sixth be died. -T« jjy fortune if made.now," thought Her -man, who had listened at the door during the interview with the lawyer, and heard di tactions given connecting his name with the padlocked iron box, whereof the key hung Around the dead man's neck. And he lelt that Josie bad been well sacrificed. . . . .. . « ..ion wasn't at the tuneral, ehj" said Mrs. Pierce to th.e Widow Hall, while Josie's needle flew faster than.evcrthrough the cam ?brie she was hemming. "Well, no," said the widow, "1 ain't partial to funerals in general, and I didn't feel no special call to put myself out to see an old miser buried, that I never saw nor spoke to while he was alive," '«< A man can't be a miser without be t got money, can bet" said Mrs. Pierce. "Idon't rightly know about that," said Widow.Hall. " But you dont mean to say that old Moliueau* hadn't anything after ftiir1 . .< NotMng but a few sticks of furniture, and some,rusty coins as no decent store keeper would give change for," The widow's eyes shone through her spec **"Xand o' lhassyT' said she, " And what was In the Iron box as everybody had so ?much ,to.say about-the.iron box as was willed.to Herman Franklyn. ? »JU8t the sheets of paper as held a diction ary tbe old man had been' writing all bis ?days; 'Monuscript, the lawyer called it, *rh*tem>tbat may be. Ho thought .It was worth a deal of money, and he'd, spent his Wl bUiitWg ufe'books hs' b'obody but hlmsalf 'eV(h'l,Ki£ia Of, 'and,-,travelllng About tbe MsmistKrto pickup Information. ^I^P^r'^WtoWidoiT Hall, "Alfd *' t iliin't rii neat enough to him to rightly bear," said Mrs. Pierce, .' but tbcm na did telle tno he sworo an awful ontli when ha taw what was in tbc box, and flung tlio whole bundle on tbc back of tba Arc. I saw it blnee up myself." "And was that all?" asked the Widow Hall. 11 That Was all," responded bar Informant. "I am glad of Itl" cried out Josie, spring ing up with sparkling eyes. " I neverwabbo glad of anything In all my life. lie's served rlebt for once." Mr. Pranklyn called the next day, meek and subdued, if Josle bad been a model heroine she would liavo thrown both her arms around his neck and Towed that Bbc loved him better tbnn ever. But «bo wst only a very human little girl, eoebeptoodup with digriitT and said: 411 wonder at your assurance in coining here, after all that has transpired, Mr Franklyn." " But. Josle-" .'There is the door, str lM said Josic. " Please to walk out I" And there was nothing left for St but tc ".walk out." Old Miner Mollncanx sleeps quietly In tbc TlllAge grave-yard, and public rumor hot added yet another ghost to the spectral popu ktiott o£ the Haunted Hoasc-a yellow-rig aged old bogey, who wears a wig, and carrier la his hand a padlocked box. 