PALACE, MONASTERY AND TOMB. THE ESCURIAL. It is a pleasure, if a rather melancholy one, to find in "Harper" a posthumous paper by the late ZMr Theodore Child. It is a brilliant description of the Escurial, that singular and grandiose monument of the former might and mngnificence of the Spanish Kings. One of the most attractive items in anexeellentnum. ber of this charming magazine, it is as vivid and delicate as most things Mr Child wrote. MELANCiOLY IMMENSITY. - The first impression made by the Escurial is its immensity, and the.last its melancholy. There is no getting away from the place. It nearly fills the little town of Escurial, for naturally a monument built in the shape of a gridiron to recall the instrument of torture on which St. Laurence suffered martyrdom is rather straggling. The immensity of it takes your breath away; itis not a palace, but a scclopean town; and although the sun may be shining brilliantly, it looks sad and funereal with its gray walls picked out with staring joints of white mortar, its leaden roofs, its granite paved surroundings, its volcanic as pect This impression of something burned, blasted, plutonian, , of some thing that has passed through raging fire, struol me time after time as I looked upon the structure. Nor is this idea of fire' inappropriate. The palace-convent itself is built inthe form of a gridiron turned upside down, and that in memory of the patron, San Lorenzo, who was broiled by Valerian on a slow fire, and, according to Prudentinus, bore his martyrdom with coolness and ever jocose irony, for when ONE SIDE WAS ROASTED he had himself turned, and invited his cooks to try" whether he tasted better underdone or well- done. . . . The sur face occupiedby the edifice is 39,000 square metres; the exterior facades measure more than 800 metres, and are pierced by fifteen doors and 1128 windows ; in' the interior there aresixteen court.yards, eighty-six stair cases, eighty.-eight fountains nine towers and 4565 rooms; in the whole edifice there are more than 10,000 windows and 2000 doors, while the lobbies, cloisters and court-yards measure in length some 75 miles. TIE GHOST OF PHILLIP. The Esourial is haunted by the ghost of its founder, the grim, gloomy, fanatical Philip If., who married our own Queen Mary, and made of the Inquisition an unexampled engine of tyrannicalpower. He built the vast place as a monument to his father and'himself; but as the old Duke of Braganza said, "he who made such a great vow must have had a great fear." Mr Child gives us a striking picture of Philip's own quarters. With a chill of mysterious terror you pass through a low door, and find yourself in a simiple room,'with a tiled floor and bare whitewashed walls, relievedat their base by the usual blue and white tiles. The room is lighted by three emallwindows glazed with old rough glass, through which may be seen vast landscapes of dark verdure and grand mountain silhouettes, which prove that the morose King .was not so ill advised as some writers state when he chose the site of his cloistered palace. This is the room. were Phillip II. lived in monastic simplicity, and boasted that from the foot of his moun tain be GOVERNED TIIE OLD WORLD AND TiHE NEW with two inches of paper. The carpet of matting interwoven with gold, and with the_ double-headed imperial eagle in red, is now hung up against the wall, and the red tiles of the floor are bare. Here is the table where Philip. used to sit and annotate State papers; hero are his portfolio, his inkstand, his set of pigeon-holes; here is the smaller table of his secretary, Antonio Perez ; here is a miserable arm-chair studded with brass nails, and with a leather back stitched into checkers. On this chair the king used to sit; and on these two stools, with their cushions of greenish brown velvet-the one stool bearing still tracesof red lacquer, the other of blackwood bound with silver-his Majesty rested his ulcered legs. In the alcove to the right, the great monarch slept on abed doubtless as VULGAE AND EVEN SORDID as the chairs and tables of his sitting room. Next to the alcove is a dark oratory within walls of polished and panelled jasper. Touch a spring, the panels open and reveal the'grand altar of the church, and on the opposite side, in.guilt bronze, the group of Charles V. KNEELING IN ETERNAL PRAYER with the womenof his house beeide him. In this narrow oratory Philip, in 1598, took to his bed suffering tortures, his body devoured by sores, wasting away literally like Job upon hisdung-heap. Through those narrow openings in the jasper panels, with which the irreverend fingers of curious tourists now play, the monarch, worn out with care and sickness, peered' with anxious eyes as the priest celebrated mass amidst' the 'splendor of the capilla 'mayor.. Hre, -in. this narrow,.' dark, ' and clos s;e coier, .he died. An inscription on the waltif ords the graphic summary of his end :-t In this narrow chamber died Phillip II. when the world was too small to contain the son' of Charles V. 'He lived so far from the earth that his soul alone was living; of his body there remained but the shadow when he finished dying." " TIIE tMUMMY OF "CREA.T CAROLUS." And now for the end of all the might qnu splendor of the Spanish Hapsburgs--the race who for a brief space held the major part of the world's wealth-not, as it turned out, in fee, but on sufferance : We descend into the royal tomb; or Pan theon, for such is the term given by the Catholio Spaniards to a Christian burial place. This vault, placed exactly beneath the high altar of the church, is an octagon room 36ft in diameter and 38ft high. You descend into 'it by means of a staircase whose walls are lined with green-and-yellow polished jasper. The walls of the Pantheon are of polished marble, porphyry, and jasper, richly orna mented with gilt bronze capitals, bases, and angels, the whole executed by Italian artists after the death of Philip II. As an insrip tion informs us, the founder of the Esaonrial built only a simple vault. Philip III. began the present gorgeous structure in 1017 ; Philip IV. completed it, and. MOVED IN THE ROVA BOI)IES . on the 17th Marih, 1651, after Diego. de Velasquez had withhis own hands fixed in its place the bronze crucifix by Pedro Tacca. which he had brought back from Italy. The octagon walls contain twenty-six niches or shelves, on each of which is a grey marble sarcophagus or urn of classical shape. On theleft are thekings, and on the'right the mothers of kings, from Charles V. down to our own times. In 16514 P'hilip IV. opened the urncontaining the remains of Charles V., and afterlooking awhile at the mummified body, he said, laconically, to Luis de Haro, "Don Luis, uonerpo honrado." To which the Prime Minister replied, "Si, senor, muy honrado."'' Charles II. also opened THIs AUGUST SAnCOrIAOUS, which was again opened by Ferdinand. VII. after the French invasion, and once more. in LT70, when the as eot of the mummy was care ully reproduced by a painter of Madrid, and phJtographs from. this picture now enabl. curious tourists to carry away with them an authentic portrait of the corpse of the, great emperor.whose features inspired so happilythe brush of Titian and the chiselof the Leonis. "Silent, empty, dear and uselejo ;a pro-' digous monument from which the soul has. departcd,'-that is Mr Child's asmming up of this wonderfts monument.- St. Jamea' Budget." -- i 