[?] Now Fimt Pdbiibhbd. Outlaw & Lawmaker. ""AN ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "The Head Station," "Tho Bond of Wedlock," "The Brother of tho Shadow," "Passion and Polioy," " Nadino," "An Auatralian' Heroine." 'And Joint Author with Mr. Justin M'Carthy op "Tho Ladies' Gallery," "TlieRight Honourablo,',' &o.; ALL Queensland BIQHTS RESERVED.! : CHAPTER XXX..—(_Co)itmued.) Nature had assisted Mm. JenrHullett in her . endeavours. Nover was there a more glorious September ; never had Tunimba looked more beautiful. The pale green pods of the eucalyptus flowers were opening to let out their honied balls, the wbite cedars where a mass of lilac blossoms, and the chestnut trees by the creek spread their orange dusters. The young green of tho qnantongs showed in the sorub fringe, and hero and there in the mountain gorges the flame tree shone like a burning bush. The racecourse in front of the house was brilliant green, and covered with buttercups and wild violets, and the cultivation paddooks were greener still. Tha fintstone peach trees were covered with bloom, and so were the orange trees, making the air almost heavy with thoir fragrance. And rosea rioted on the.fonces, und tho wistaria was sweet, andthepnrplo sorub plums were beginning to ripen. 4 "What a pity it is that Elsio is not going to be married this month,' some body said. 4 We might all he smothered in real orange blossoms.' But Elsie said nothing. She . had grown strangely . silent theso days, and from her manner would scaroely have been recognised as the brilliant Miss Valliant of loiobhnrdt's Town renown. She rarely alluded to her marriage, nor did Prank ; and Lady Garfit pronounoed them an extraordinary engaged oouple, and began to think there might after all he a chanoo for lioso. Of late, however, she hod taken a fancy to Blake in the light of a possible Bon-in-la'w. She lived in hope that he might be induced to change his politics, and to join Sir James Gnrfit's Ministry . She was very much put out that he could not be at tne pionio. For he wus not to be there. A telegram had arrived with prepaid messenger from the Beantree to say that he was unavoidably prevented from joining the party. Elsie read the telegram — Mrs. Hallett handed it to her — with a ourious sinking of her heart. She had been looking forward with a guilty joy to the prospect of mooting him at the picnio, and yet aho had told herself all thai time that she was wicked to wish for him, and that in reality she was anxious that he ehould not come. The arrangements had been made with a view to the well-being and enjoyment of the elder and timorouB as well as of the rasher Bpirits among the young. Lady Garfit did not think oamping-out was quite appropriate at her age, a. that of Sir James. Besides, she had not mounted a horse for years, and her size was hardly adapted to equestrian feats. Lady Wavoryng, of course, wished to see and do everything that was to be seen and done, ltose Garfit thought she would see how they got oh — of course camping out would be sweet, but she was not 'sure that she ought to leave her mother. Mrs.. James Hallett, with her ubuuI sense of the fitneBB of things, de cided that it was her duty to look after her elder guests. As for Minnie Pryde, she was aqual to all dangers and diffi culties. So it waB sottled that they were to follow the buggy traok as far as that would take them towards one of the selections in the mountains, and then a Very short ride on a quiet horse, into which Lady Garfit was persuaded, would lead them to the Point Row Ravine, and thero they would picnic, those so disposed returning in 'the late afternoon, while the rest .would push oil past the region of human tracks into tho Gorges and camp ' for the night as near as might be to Barolin Pall. It was a goodly calvacaue, the two buggies, nn escort of blackboys loading spare horsos, and followed by a pack of kangaroo hounds. Sam Shehan as pioneer —Sam always' dour of faoe, but the . . typical stookman, in his tight moleskins turned up at tho bottom, his fiannol shirt, and diagonally folded hankerohief knotted sailor-fashion on his chest, his oabbage- tree hat on the back of his head, his etook- whip over his right shoulder, tho thong trailing behind him, his vnist strap, with its many pouches and implements of tho hush, including a b ather revolver oase-— for almost all the . gentlemen carried revolvers— s. precaution adopted on the Luya since the diamond robbery. Thoro was aho a hope of on encountor with Moonlight. Tho half-castes rode with Shehan, and kept somewhat apart from . the other blackboys, Elsie regarded the trio with a sort of instinctive shrinking, and yet with that vague interest whioh in her mind associated itself with anyone , or anything that was oonneoted with Blake. Tront was there, of course, on a splendid animal, mettlesome yet docile, : and as Trant said, p.ooustomed to : the ranges.' Lady "Wavoryng, in her trim hunting get-up and mounted on Jem Hallett's best thoroughbred lady'B ' lack, looked like an importation from ! ; the Shires. Every incident, of the little ' journey gave fresh material. Thore was a Bpin after a kangaroo, and then one of the stockmen kilted a 'guana, a blackboy / skinned it, oarrying off the oaroaso for a camp supper, whilo Lady Waveryng ' bought the skin on the spot, and. declared /.'she would have it stuffed . to take home / v ' with her. Then,1 as ' they Bkirted the sorub, .the bell-bird rang , its pilveiy peal ' and the yhip-hird gave its coaohmun'b oliok. Nov or wf.s September, pay more , tender and drenmy- and sweet,- with always . .that strapge exhilaration inthe air whioh, . ' sets pulses old and young tingling. ' I wiil bo happy ; I will be' happy,' Elsio kept repeating to herself. She put away, dark thoughts of. Blako. Ho was going out of her life ; he must be thrust out of -her lifo ; and she would begin to day the battle with her ghoat. It was only a ghost— the ghost of a happi ness that might lhavo been. And here by her side was a happi ness that was. And ahetid of her, in the shape of Traht, was a means of passing excitement. She worked herself into a reckless mood. Why should she not amuse herself with Trant ? Ho 'was fairly warned. 'Let us shuffle cards, Frank,' she said. 'We have been too much like Darby and Joan lately, and it isn't time for that yot. Go and flirt with Hose Garfit, and I yvilL flirt with Mr. Trant.' She laughed with something of hor old spirit, and Frank wrb not displeased, but rather welcomed the sally, ns a sign that Elsie was becoming herself again. He was not jealous of Trant. So Elsie called Trant to her, on some woman's pretext, and Frank dropped buok to Rose Garfit. Trant was in an odd mood, too. He did not seem disposed l'or pleasantry. His mannor suggested to EIb'io the ' villain of the piece,' nnd so sho told him, laughing. 4 Well,' he answered, a Jlttle grimly, ' perhaps. Perhaps I may turn into tho hero of the piece, We are only at tho beginning of the play, you know, Miss Valliant.' ' Oh, no,' she said, ' we are .getting to the end. The play is nearly played out, for me at least. I am to be married in a month, Mr, Trant ; and we ure going to Tasmania for our honeymoon.' ' Is that settled ?' he usked. 4 It was settled yesterday,' she replied. She looked up from her horse's mane, with whioh her whip hud been toying. His' big black eyes wero fixed on hur with suoh a fierce devouring kind of gaze, that the girl was startled, and shrank. 4 1 wish you wouldn't look at me like that,' she Baid. 4 Why do you look at me so wildly !' ' Because I am wild with love of you,' he said. ' It maddens me to think of you the wife of another man. I can't stand it, and I will not stand it.' He did not speak for a moment or two, then exclaimed impetuously, 4 You are right, the play is nearly played out, for me as well as for you. In a month's time I shall have left Australia. Blake and I have agreed to dissolve partnership and to soil Barolin.' 4 1 am glad of that,' she said. Ho laughed in a strange, wild way. They were at the entrance to tho cleft through whioh wound the Point Row gulley, the scone of thoir picnio in the autumn. The buggies crawled along a rough oedar-outter's track for a little way, and then at Lady Garfit's request, the ladies got out, and' a goueral shifting of baggage and dismounting and remount ing took plaoe, Lady Garfit being hoisted on the safest of the Tunimba steeds, and placed ander the eare of the steadiest of the Tunimba stockmen, who led the lady and the horse along the bridle-path to the lichen-oovered boulders, whence it was necessary to prooeed on foot. lady Waveryng uttered ories of delight. Tho ilace was in nil the beauty of spring fiosBom. The rook-lillies were in flower, and stuok out all over tho precipice in tufts like plumes of cream- coloured feathers. Orohids, with whits and purple tassels, hung down from the crevices, the shrubs were nearly all in bloom, and so was the wild begonia, and tho ferns were in their glory of new pale green fronds. Thoy pionioked on the higher plateau. It was a very sumptuous luuclieon, got up in Mrs. Jem Hallett's best fashion. She was determined that the luncheon and the expedition should he immortalised in Lady Waveryng's book. A olevor young 4 now-ohum' from one of tho Luya sta tions, who had joined tho party, and who had brought a kodak, took photographs, grouping the stockmen and blaok boys and guests under Lady "Waveryng's direction. He insisted on including EIbIo in each group; Lady Wavoryng made a greater point of tho blaok hoys. Sba raved abont the picturesqueness of l'ompo and Jack Nutty. Elsie submitted willingly to be poBed. She did not want to climb higher, as Frank Hallett proposed. She had too vivid a remembrance of the ramble with Blake. And she thought of that Baying of hers on which he had sadly commented. Ye8; if she had only known in the autumn what the spring would bring forth ! to he continued to-morrow. 