DANGEROUS JOKING. ygjVARTIN was tlio eldest son and hope ol 18! J Mr. Lord, tho Squire of Morton. His amiable disposition .and superior intel lect . procured for liini universal love and esteem. Martin was a great favourite with the girls, old and young ; but ho never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he became intimate with Isabella Ash ton, the daughter of tho clorgyman. Isabella was young and the most thought less girl 111 the village. She could have little sympathy - with a person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Martin ; aud, beautiful as she was, it seemed strange that he should have given his love to her. Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several months; he was now nineteen, and she was of the same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella had a social gather ing of young people at the house. Martin, of course, . was present, with the fairest 'youths and maidens ; and tho company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, ullll cULldl illllLa. The hour at which such parties usually broke iqi had already passed, when some one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been reported us having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. "It is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that a ghost has really been seen there ; and J. doubt if any person here believes in the existence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you know you do, Martin, although you ,aro ashamed to own it, ".cried Isabella ; but Martin only laughed. "Come, now," continued tho thoughtless girl, " I can prove that you have some idea that such things may exist. . Go to the church yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt-no fear." "And what would that prove ?" ; " Why, you will be frightend, though you should see. nothing. Your foars would put your belief to the test. ' How could you be afraid if you did not. feel that there was something to be afraid of?" . "I do not think your-Iogic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to tho churchyard, even at midnight, would frighten me in the least." "Ha, ha! but you shall not escape so," laughed Isabella. " Here, before these, our friends, I promiso. that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, which : Martin had desired her to part with, " provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, and declare 011 your honour when you return that you were not afraid." ' ' , " Agreed," - said Martin,' buttoning' his coat. - ' "And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring back with you the iron bar which you will find close by the gate," said Isabella. Thus driven by taunts to the' commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on his errand. He marched steadily to the' church yard, stopped a moment to gaze at tho white .tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolate ' ground, for the stars' slione brilli antly in the clear, cold sky— then taking up tho bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. He had proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willoiva and como towards him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage give place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and his blood running chill with horror, still he' stood his ground. The spectredrew nearer, seeming to grow whiter nnd larper as ifc approached. Wo cannot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the unhappy youth at that moment. He raised the bar, and rushed upon tho spectre. The guests at the clergyman's house heard terrible screams. Dreading some tragic termination to the fareo they rushed to the spot. They found Martin kneoling 011 a prostrate figure, his fingers clutching convulsively at its throat, while ho still uttered frantic shrieks for help. One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on the throat of the figure, whilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosed the blood-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in death. Martin uttered an uneartbly shriek and fell lifeless upon the corpse. He never spoke again, and lived but a few months, to die an idiot. 