THE STORYTELLER MONTEZTTMA'S DATOHTEB. Bt H. EIDER HAGGAED, Author of 'She,' 'Allan Quatermain,' 'King Solomon's Mines,' 'Mr. Meeson'a Will,' &c;, &c.; COPTEiaHTBD, 1893, BT H. BtDEB HAOGJlSD. Chapter XXXV.— THE LAST SACRIFICE OF THE WOMEN OF THE OTOMIE. Here in the courtyard of the teocalli, by the light of burning houses, for as they advanced the Spaniir Is fired the town, we mustered our array ? 1. 1 find thit thpre were 1- ft to us in all 8-me four hrn Ire! fighting men, together with a crowd of jipaly two thousand women and. many children. Now, although this texsalli was not quite so lofty as that of the great temple of Mexico, its sides were steeper, and everywhere faced with dressed stone, and the open space upon its summit was almost as great, measuring, indead, more than a hnndred paces every way. This area was paved with blocks of marble, and in its centre stood the temple of the war-god, where his statue still sat, although no worship had been offered to him for many years ; the stone of sacrifice, the altar of fire, and the storehouses of the priests. Moreover, in front of the temple, and between it and the stone of sacrifice, was a deep cemented hole the size of a large room, which once had been used as a place for the safe-keeping of grain in timea of famine. This pit I had caused to be filled with water borne with great toil to the top of the pyramid, and in the temple itself I stored a great quantity of food, so that we had no cause to fear present death from thirst or famine. But now we were face to fate with a new trouble. Large as was the summit of the pyra mid, it would not give shelter to a half of our .numbers, and if we desired to defend it, rame of the multitude herded round its base must seek refuge elsewhere. Calling the leaders of the people together, I put the matter before them in a few words, leaving them to decide what mnst be done. They in turn consulted among themselves, and at length gave me this answer : That it was agreed that all the wounded and aged thrre, to gether with most of the children, and with them any others who wished to go, should leave the teocalli that night, to find their way out of the oity if they could, or, if not, to trust to the mercy of the Spaniards. I said that it was well, for death was en every side, and it mattered little which way men turned to meet ifc. So they were sorted out, fifteen hundred or more of them, and at midnight the gates of the courtyard were thrown open, and they left. Oh ! it was dreadful to see the farewells that took place in that hour. Here a daughter clung to the neck of her aged father, here husbands and wives bade each other a last fare well, here mothers kissed their little children, and on every side rose up the sounds of bitter agony — the agony of those who parted for ever. I buried my face in my hands, wondering, as I had often wondered before, how a God whose name is Mercy can bear to look upon sights that treak tha hearts of pinful men to witness. Presently I raised my eyes and spoke to Ofcomio, who was at my side, asking her if the would not fend our «ra away with the others, passing him off as a chi'd of common people. ' Nay, hus-band,' she answered, ' it is better for him to die with us than to live as a slave of the Spaniards.' At length it was over and the gates had shut behind the last of them. Soon we heard the dis tant challenge of the Spanish sentries as they per ceived them, and the sound of some shots, followed by cries. 'Doubless the Tlascalans are massacring them,' I said. But it was not so. When a few had been killed the leaders of the Spaniards found that they waged war upon an unarmed mob, made up for the most part of aged people, women, and children, and their commander. Bernal Diaz, a merciful man if a rough one, ordered that the onslaught should cease. Indeed, he did more, for when all the able bodied men, together with such children as were sufficiently strong to bear the fatigues of travel, had been sorted out to be sold as slaves, he suffered the rest of that melancholy company to depart whither they would. And so they went, though what became of them I do not know. That Dight we spent in the court yardof the teocalli, but beforeit was lighted I cau'el the women end children who remained with us, perhaps some six hundred in all, for very few of the former who were unmarried, or who being married were still young and comely, had chosen todesertour refuge, toascsnd the pyramid, guessiDg that the SpaLiuds would, attack us at dawn. I stayed, however, with three hundred fighting men ? hat were left to me, a hundred or more having thrown themselves upon the mercy of the Spaniards with the refugees, to await the Spanish onset under shelter of the walls of the courtyard. At dawn it began, and by midday, do what we could to stay it, the wall was stormed, and, leaving nearly a hundred dead and wounded behind mo, I was driven to the winding way that Jed to the summit of the pyramid. Here thfy assaulted us aguin, and the road was steep and narrow, and their cumbers gave them no great advantage on it, fro that the end of it was that we beat them back with loss, and there was no more fighting that day. The night which followed we spent upon the summit of the pyramid, and, for my part, I was so weary that, after I bad eaten, I never slept more soundly. Next morning the struggle began anew and this time with belter success to the Spaniards. Inch by inch, under cover of the heavy fire from their arquebusses and piece**, they forced us upward and backward . All day long the fight continued upon the narrow road that wound from stage to ttage of the pyramid. Atlength, as the sun sank, a company of our fors, thoir advance guard, witli shouts of victory, emerged from the flat, .summit, and rushed towards the temple in its centre. All this while the women had been watching, but now one of them sprang up, crying with a loud voice : ' Seize them ; thoy are but few.' Then, with a fearful scream of rage, the mob of women cast them selves upon the weary Spaniards and Tlascalans, bearing them down by the weight of their numbers. Many of them were slain indeed ; but in the end, the women conquered, aye, and made their victims cap tive, fastening them with cords to the rings of copper tbat were let into stones of the pavement, to which ia former days those doomed to sacrifice had been secured when their numbers were so great that the priests feared lest they should escape. 1 and the 6oldiers with me watched this sight word ring ; then I cried out : 'What ! men of the Otomie, eball ifc be said that our women cutdid us in courage ?' And, with out further ado, followed by a hundred or more of my conpiLiDEs, I rushed despe rately down the steep and narrow path . At the firct corner we met the main trray of Spaniards and their lilies, coming up slowly, for now they were sure of victory, and so great was the shock of our en counter tbat many of them were Lurlcd over the edge of the path to rdl down the steep sides of tbe pyramid. Seeing the fate of their comrade', those behindthem halted, then began to retreat. Presently tbe weight of our rush struck them ako, and they in turn pushed upon thoee below, till, at length, panic seized them, and with a great crying Ihe Jong line of men that wound round and round the pyramid from itsbase almost to its tuirmit sought their stfety in flight. Eut some of them found none, for tfce rush of those above, [resting wilh ever increasing force upon their friends below, drove many to their death, since here, on the pyramid, there was nothing to cling to, and, if once a man lest bis foothold on the path, his fall was broken only when his body reached the court beneath. Thus, in fifteen short minute?, eII that the Spaniards had won thisday was lostagain, for, except the prisoners at its summit, none of tbem remained alive upon the teocalli ; indeed, so great a terror took them that, bearing with them their dead and wounded, f.Viflv rpfroa+ml undor nnwr of the night to their canip without the walls of the courtyard. Now, weary but triumphant, we wcn-led back towards the crest of the pyramid, bnt as I turned the corner of the fecond angle, that was, perhaps, neir'y one hundred feet above the level of the ground, a tboagbt struck me, and I set thoec with me at a task. Loosening tie blocks of stone that formed the edge of the roadway, we rolled them down the sides of the pyramid, aedso laboured -u, removing layer upon layer of stones and tf the earth beneath, till where the path had been was {Continued on page 916.) 0 B V5 ?s O- .* *n o b a- a a ?s H a o u o rd~ ? O 60 H3 li _o 3' - '8 o 8 IS '3H I - 'SS be n '?£ 2 S s Ms .S's ** a II ' g£ 1 !S8 &i; '3 2 st ? ?S's *?§ 'S a as bc^ c^ 'E e *J el i i 1 ID g w i bO § H -a _n 'S nothing but a yawning gap, thirty feet or more in width. 'Now,' I said, surveying onr handiwork by the light,, of the rising moon, ' that Spaniard who would win our ne3t must find yet wings to fly with.' f Aye, Teule,' answered one at my side, ' but say what wings shall we find ? ' ' The wingj of Death,' I said grimly, and went on my upward way. It was near midnight when I reached the temple, for the labour of levelling the road took many hours, and food had been sent to us from above. As I drew nigh I was amazed to heai* the sound of solemn chanting, and still more was I amazed when I saw that the doors of the temp'e of Huitzel were open, and that the sacred fire, which had not shone there for many years, once more flared fiercely upon his altar. I stood still listening. Did my ears trick me, or did I hear the dreadful song of sacrifice? Nay, again its wild refrain rang out upon the silence : ToTbeewepacrifipo! Have us, O Huitw;!, liuiteel, lord god! I rushed forward, and, turning the angle of the temple, I found myself face to face with the past, for there, as in bygone yoars, were the pabas, clad in their black robe?, their long hair hanging about their shoulder?, the dreadful knife of glass fixed in their girdles. There, tj the right of the stone of sacrifice, were those destined to the god ; and there, being led towards if-, was the first victim, a Tlascalan prisoner, Lis lin^bs held by men clad in the robes of r-riestp. Near him, arrayed in the scarlet robe of sacrifice, stood one of my own captains, who I renumbered had ' once served as a priest of Tezcat before idolatry was forbidden in the Oily of Pices, and around were a wide circle of women that watched, and from whose lips swelled the awful chant. Now I understood it a'l. In their laRt despair, maddened by the lo-s of fathers, husband.-, and children, by their cruel fate, and standing fnco to face with certain death, the fire of the old faith had burnt up in their savage hearts. There was the temple, there were the stone and implements c f sacrifice, and there to their hands were the victims taken in war. They would glut a last revenge, they would sacrifice 1o their fathero' gods as their fathers had done before ihein, and the victims should be taken from their own victorious foe?. Aye, they must dip, but at the least thi y would seek the Mansions of $e Sun made holy by the blood of the accursed Teule. I have said that it was the women who fang this chant and glared eo fiercely upon the victims, but I have not yet told all the horrors of what I saw, for in the forefront of their circle, dad in while robes, the necklet of emeralds, Guafcmcc's gift, flashing upon her breast, the plumes of royal green set in her hair, giving the time of the death chant with a little wand, fctood Monte zuma's daughter, Otomie, my wife. Never had I seen her look so beautiful or fo dreadful. It was not Otomie whom I saw, for where was the tender smile and where were the gentle eyes ? Here before me was a living Vengeance wearing the shape of woman. In an instant I guessed the truth, though I did not know it all. Otomie, who, although she was not of it, had. ever favoured the Christian faith, Otomie, who for years had never spoken of these dreadful rites except with anger, whose every act was love and whose every word was kindness, was still in her soul an idolater and a savage. She had hidden this 'side of her heart from me well through all these years, perchance she herself had scarcely known Us secret, for but twice had I seen anything of the buried fierceness of her blood. The first time was when Marina had brought her a certain robe in which the might efcape from the camp of Cortes, and she had spoken to Marina of that robe ; and the second when on this same day she had played her part to the Tlascalan, and had struck him down with her own hand as he bent over me. All this and much more passed through my mind in that brief moment, while Otomie marked the time of the death-chant, and the pabas dragged the Tiascalan to his doom. The next I was at his side. 'What pa?6es here f ' I asked tternly. Otomie looked on me with a cold wonder and empty eyes, as though she did no1; know me. ' Go back, white man,' she answered ; ' it is not lawful for strangers to mingle in our rites.' I stood bewildered, not knowing what to do, while the flame burned and the chant went up before the efSgy of Huitzcl; of the demon Huitzel awakened after many years of sleep. ' Again and yet again the solemn cbant ariose, Otomie beating time with her little rod of ebony, and again and yet again the cry of triumph rose to the silent etars. Now I awoke from my dream — for as an evil dream it seemed to me — and, drawing my ewcrd, I rushed towards the priest at the altar to cut him down. But, though the men stood still, the women were too quick for mo. Before I could lift the sword, before I could even ppeak a word, they had .sprung. upon me like the jaguars of (heir own forests, and like jaguars they hissed and growled into my ears : ' Get you gone, Teule,' they said, ' lest we stretch you on the stone with your brethren.' And, still hissing, they pushed me thence. I drew back and thought for a while in the shadow of the temple. My eye fell upon the long line of victims awaiting their turn of sacrifice. There were thirty, and one of them still alive; and of these five were Spaniards. I noted that the Spaniards were chained the last of all the line. It seemed that the murderers would keep tnem till the end of the feast; indeed, I discovered that they were to be .offered up at the rising of the sun. How could 1 6ave them ? I wondered. My power was gone. The women could not be moved from their work of vengeance : thfy were mad with their suffering?. As well might a man try to \- snatch her prey from a puma robbed of hf r whelps as to turn -them from their purpose. With the men it was otherwise, however. Some of them mingled in the orgie, indeed, .. but more .stood aloof, watching with a fearful joy the spectacle In which they did not share. Near me was a man — a noble of the Otomie — of something more tlan - my own age. He bad always been my friend, and, after me, he commanded the warriors -pi the tribe. I went to him and said, ' Friend, for the pake of the honour of your people, help me to end this.' ' I cannot, Teule,' he answered ; ' and be ware how you meddle in the play, for none will stard by yi u. Now the women have powtr, and you sec thry use it. They are about to die-; but Before they die tbey will do as their fathers did, {of their strait is sore, and, though they have been put aside, the old customs are not forgotten.' ' At the least, can we not save these Teales ? I answered. 'Why should you wish to save these Teules? Will they save us some few days hence, when we are in their power ?' . ' Perhaps not,' I said ; ?' but, if we must die, let us die clean from this shame. ' ' ' What, then, do you wish me to do, Teule 'r ' ' This. I would have you find some three or four men who are not fallen into this madness, and with them aid me to loo?e the Teules, for we cannot save the other?. If this may be done, surely we can lower them with ropes from that point where the road is broken away down to the path beneath, and thus they may escape to their own people.' ' I will try,' he answered, shrugging his shoulders, ' not from any tendencies towards the accursed Teules, whom I could well bear to see stretched upon the stone, but because it is your wish, and for the sake of friendship between us.' Then he went, and presently I saw several men p'ace themselves, as though by (haic?, between the spot where the last of the line of Indian pri soners and the first of the Spaniards were made fast in fuch a fashion as to hide them fiom the sight of the maddened women, engrossed as they were in tbeir orgies. Now I crept up to the Spaniards. They were squatted upon the ground, bound by their hands and feet to the copper rings in the pavement. There they sat Bilently awaiting Ihe dreadful doom, their faces grey with terror aiid their eyes starting from their sockets. ' Hist ! ' I whispered in Spanish into the ear of the first, an old man whom I knew as one who had taken part in the wara of Cortes. ' Would you be saved ?' He looked up quickly, and said, in a hoar/e voice, ' ' Who are you that talk of saving us ? Who can save us from these she-devils P ' 'I am -a Teule, a man of white blood, and a Christian, and — alas that I mu«t say it — the cap tain of this savage people. With the aid of some few men who are faithful to me I purpose to cut your bonds, and afterwards you shall sc e. Know, Spaniard, that I do thi - at great risk, for if we are caught it is a chance but that I mj6f)f shall have to suffer those things from which I hope to re-'cue you.' 'Bs assured, Teule,' answered the Spaniard, 'that if we should get safe away we shall not forget this service. Save our lives now, and the time may come when we shall pay you back with yourp. But even if we are loosed, how can we cro.-s the open space in this moonlight and escape the eyps of those furies ?' ' ' We must trust to chance for that,' I an swered, and as I spoke fortune helped us strangely, Jor by now the Spaniards in their camp ielow had perctived what was going forward on the crest of the teocalli. A yell of horror rose from them, and instantly they opened fire upon us with their pieces and arquebusses, though, because of the shape of the pyramid, and of their position beneath it, the storm of shot swept over up, doing us little or no hurt. Also a great company of them poured across the courtyard, hoping to storm the temple, for they did not know that the road had been broken away. Now, though the rites of sacrifice never ceased, what with the roar of cannon, the shouts of rage and terror from the Spaniards, the hies of musket balls, and the crackling of flames from houses which they had fired to give them more light, and the sound of chanting, the turmoil and confusion grew eo great as to render the carrying1 out of my purpose easier than I had hoped. By this time my friend, the captain of the Otomie, was ^t my side, and with him several men whom he could trust. Stooping down, with a few swift blows of a knife I cut the ropes which bound the Spaniard?. Then we gathered ourselves into a knot, twelve of us or more, and in the centre of the knot we set the five Spaniards. This done, I drew my sword and cried : ' The Teules storm the temple ! ' which was true, for already their long line was rushing up the winding path. .'' The Teules sform the temple, I go to stop them,' and straightway we sped across the open space. None saw up, or, if they saw us, none hindered us, for all the company were intent upon the con summation of a fresh sacrifice ; moreover, the tumult was such, as I afterwards discovered, that . we were scarcely noticed. Two minutes passed, and our feet were set upon the winding: way, and now I breathed again, for we were beyond the sight of the women. On we rushed swif oly as the cramped limbs of the Spaniards would carry them, till presently we reached that angle in the path where the breach began. The attacking Spaniards j had already ctme to the further side of the gap, for, though we could not see them, we could hear their cries of rage and despair as they halted helplessly, and understood that their comrades were beyond their aid. ' Now we are sped,' said the Spaniard with whom I had spoken ; 'the road is gone, and it mu6t be certain death to try the bide of the pyramid.' 'Kotso,' I answered; 'some 50ft. below the path still runs, and one by one we will lower you to it with this rope.' Then we set to work. Making the cord fast beneath the arms of a soldier, we let him down gently, till he came to the path, and was received there by his comrades as a man returned from .the dead. The last to be lowered was that * Spaniard with whom I had spoken. ' Farewell,' he eaid, ' and may Ihe blessing of God be on you - for this net of mercy, renegade though you are.- Say, now, will you not come with me ? I set my life and honour in pledge for your safety. You tell me that you are /still a Christian man. Is that a place for Christians?' and he pointed upwards. ' No, indeed,' I answered, ' but still I cannot come, for my wife and Eon are there, and I must return to die with them if need be. If you bear me any gratitude, strive in return to save tbeir lives, since for my own I care but little.', ' That I will,' he said ; and then we let him down among his friends, whom he reached, in safety. - - ? ' . Now we returned to the temple, giving* it ont that the Spaniards were in retreat, having failed to cross the breach in the roadway. Hfre, before the temple, the orgie (till went on. Eut two Indians remained alive ; and the priests of sacrifice grew weary. 'Where are the Teules?' cried a voice 'Swift ! strip them for the altar.'! But the Teules were gone, nor, search where they would, could they find them. ' Their God has taken them bene'r th His wing,' I said, speaking from the shadow and in a feigned voice. ' Huitzel cannot prevail before the God of the Tenles.' Then I slipped aside, bo that none knew that it was I who had spoken ; but the cry was caught up and echoed far and wide. ' The ,Goi of the Christians has bidden them beneath His wing. Let us make merry with those whom He rejects,' said the cry, and the last of the captives were dragged away. N-w I thousrhtthat all was finished, but this was not so. I have spokea of the secret purpose which I read in the sullen eyes of the Indian women as they laboured at the barricades, and I was about to see its execution . Madness still burned in the hearts of these women ; they had accomplished their sacrifice, but their festival was still to cc.rne. They drew themselves away to the further- side of the pyramid, and, heedless of the shots which now and again pierced the breast of one of them — for here they were exposed to the Spanish fire — re- mained a while m preparation . With them went the priests of sacrifice, but now, as before, the rest of the men stood in sullen groups, watching what befell, but lifting no hand or voice to hinder its .hellishness. One woman did not go with them, and that woman was Otoraie, my wife, She stood by the stone of sacrifice, a piteous sight to see; for her frenzy, or rather her mad ness, had outworn itself, as she. was as she had ever been. There stood Otomie, gazing with wide and horror-stricken eyes, now at the tokens of this unholy rite, and now at her own hands, as though she thought to see them rfd, and shuddered at the thought. I drew near to her, and touched her on the shoulder. She turned swiftly, gasping : 'Husband ! husband !' ' It is I,' I answered ; ' but call me husband no more.' 'Oh .' what have I done?' she wailed, and fell senseless in my armc. And here I wiil add what at the time I knew nothing of, for it was told me in after years by the Rector of this parish, a very learned man, though one of narrow mind. Had I known it, indeed, I should have spoken more kindly to Otomie, my wife, even in that hour, and thought more gently of her wickedness. It seems, so said my friend, the Rector, that from the most ancient times those women who have bent the knee to demon gods, such as were the gods of Anuhuac, are subject at any time to become possessed by them, even after they have abandoned their worship, and to be driven in their frenzy to the working of the greatest crimes. Thus, among other instances, he told me that a Greek poet named Theocritus sets out in one of his idyls how a woman called Agave, being engaged in a secret religious orgie in honour of a demon named Dionysus, perceived her own son Pentheus watching the celebration of the mys teries, and, thereon becoming possessed by the demon, she fell on him and murdered him, being aided by the other women. For this the poet, who was also a worshipper of Dionysus, gave her great honour and not reproach, eeeing that she did the deed at the behest of this god, ' a deed not to be blamed.' Now I write this for a reason, though it has no thing to do with me, for it seems that as Dionysus possessed Agave, driving her to unnatural mur der, so did Huiztel possess Otomie, and, indeed, ,she said as much to me afterwards. For I am sure that, if the devils whom the Greeks worshipped had such power, a still greater strength was given to those of Anahuac, who, among all fiends, were the first. If this be so, as I believe, it was not Otomie that I saw at the rites of sacrifice, but rather the demon Huitzel whom she had once worshippedj and who had power, therefore, to enter into her body for a while in place of her own spirit. Chaptee XXXVI.— THE SURRENDER. Taking Otomie in my arms, I bore her to one of the storehouses attached to the temple. Here many children had been placed for safety, among them my own son. ' What ails our mother, father P' said the boy. ' ' And why did she shut me in here with these children, when it seems that there is fighting with out ?' 'Your mother has fainted,' I answered, 'and doubtless she placed you here to keep you safe. Now, do you tend her till I return.' ' I will do so,' answered the boy ; ' but surely it would be better that I, who am almost a man, should be without, fighting the Spaniards at your side, rather than within, nur-ing sick women.' ' Do as I bid you. son,' I said, 'and I charge you not to leave this place until I come for you again.' Now I passed out of the storehouse, shutting the door behind me. A minute later I wished I had stayed where I was, since on the platform my eyes were greeted by a sight more dreadful than any that had jgone before. For there, advancing before us, were the women, divided into four great companies, some of them bearing infants in their arms. They came singing and leaping, many of them naked to the middle. Nor was this all, for in front of them ran the pabas, and such of the women themselves as were persons in authority. These leaders, male and female, ran, and leaped, and; sang, calling upon the names of their demon- gods, and. celebrating the wicked nesses of their forefather?, while after them poured the howling troops of women. To and fro they rushed, now making obeisance to the statue of Huitzel, now prostrating them selves before his hideous sister, the goddess of Death, who sat beside him adorned with her carven necklace of men's skulls and hands, now bowing around the stone of sacrifice, and now thrusting 'their bare arms into the flames of the holy fire. For an hour or more they celebrated this ghastly carnival, of which even I, versed as I was in the Indian customs/could not fully under stand the meaning; and then, as though some single impulse had possessed them, they withdrew to the centre of the open space, and, forming themselves into a double circle, within which stood the pabas, of a . sudden they burst into a chant eo wild and' shrill that, as I listened, my blood curdled in my veins. Even now the burden of that chant, with the vision of those who sang it, sometimes haunts my sleep at night ; but I wiil not write it here. Uet him who reads imagine all that is most cruel in the heart of man, and every terror of the evillest dream, adding to these some horror-ridden tale of murder, ghosts, and inhuman vengeance ; then, if he can, let him shape the whole in words, and, as in a glass darkly, perchance he may mirror the spirit of that last ancient song of the women of the Otomie, with its sobs, its cries of triumph, and its death -waitings. Ever as they fang, step by step they drew backwards, and with them went the leaders of each company, their eyes fixed upon the statues of their go Js. Now, they were but a segment of a circle, for they did not advance towards the temple ; backward and outward they went with a slow and solemn tramp. There was but ore line of them now, for those in the second ring filled the gaps in the first as it widened ; still they drew on, till at length they stood on the sheer edge of the platform. Then the pritsts and the women leaders took iheir place among them, and for a moment there was silence, until at a signal, one and all, they bent them backward*. Standing thus, their long hair waving on the wind, the light of burning houses flaring upon their breasts and in their maddened eyes, they burst into the cry of : ' Save ub, Huitzel ! receive us, lord god, our home !' Thrice they cried it, each time more shrilly lhan before, then suddenly they were gone — the women of Otomie were no more ! With their own self-slaughter ihey had con summated the last celebration of the rites of sacrifice that ever shall be held in the City of Pines. The devil gods were dead, and their worshippers with them. A low murmur ran round the lips of the man who watched ; then one cried, and his voice rang strangely in the sudden silence : ' May our wives, the women of the Otomie, rest softly in the Houses of the Sun, for of a surety they teach us how to die!' 'Aye,' I answered, 'but not thus. Let women do self-murder ; our foes have swords for the hearts of men.' I turned to go, and before me stood Otomie. ' What has befallen ?' she said . 'Where are my sisters ? Oh ! surely I have dreamed an evil dream. I dreamed that the gods of my fore fathers were strong once more, and that once more they drank the blood of men.' ' ' Your ill dream has a worse awakening, Otomie,' I answered. 'The gods of hell are still strong indeed, in this accursed land, and they have taken your sisters into their keeping.' . ' Is it so ?' she said softly ; ' yet in my dream jt seemed to me that this was their last sfreDgth ere they sink into death unending. Look yonder ! ' and she pointed toward the snowy crest of the volcan Xaca. I looked ; but whether I saw the eight of which I am about to tell, or whether it was but an imagining born of the horrors of that most hideous night, in truth I cannot say. At the least I seemed to see this, and afterwards there were some among the Spaniards who swore that they had witnessed it also. On Xaca's lofty summit now, as always, stood a pillar of fiery smoke ; and while I gazed, to my vision the smoke and the fire separated themselves. Out of the fire was fashioned a cross of flame that shone like lightning, and stretched for many a rod across the heavens, its base resting on the mountain-top. At its foot rolled the clouds of smoke, and now those, too, took forms, vast and terrifying— such forms, indeed, as those that sat in stone within the temple behind me, but magnified a hundredfold. ' See,' said Otomie again, ' the cross of your God shines above the shapes of mine, the lost gods whom to-night I worshipped, though not of my own will.' Then she turned and went. For some few momenta I stood very much afraid, gazing upon the vision on Xaca's show ; then suddenly the rays of the rising sun smote it, and it was gone. Now, for three days more we held out against the Spaniards, for they could not come at us, and their shot swept over our heads harmlessly. During these days I had no talk with Otomie, for we shrank from one another. Hour by hour she would sit in the storehouse of the temple, a very picture of desolation. Twice I tried to speak with her, my heart being moved to pity by the dumb torment in her eyes, but she turned her head from me and made no answer. Soon it came to the knowledge of the Spaniards that we had enough food and water upon the teocalli to enable us to live there for a month or more, and, seeing that there was no hope of cap turing the place by force of arms, they called a parlpy with us. I went down to the breach in the roadway, and ppoke with their envoy, who stood upon the path below. At first, the terms were that we should surrender at discretion. To this I answered that, sooner than do so, we would die where we were. Their reply was that, if we would give over all who had any part in the human sacrifice, the rest of us might go free. To this I said that the sacri fice had been carried out by women and some few men, and that all these were dead by their own hands. They asked if Otomie was. also dead. I told them no, but that I would never surrender unless they swore that neither she nor her son should be harmed, but rather that, together with myself, they should be given a safe conduct to go whither we willed. This was refused ; but in the end I won the day, and a parchment was thrown up to me on the point of a lance. This parchment, which was signed by the Captain Bernal Diaz, set out that, in consideration of the part that I and some men of the Otomie* had played in rescuing the Spanish captives from death by sacrifice, a pardon was granted to me, my wife and child, and all upon the teocalli, with liberty to go whither soever we would unharmed, our hinds and wealth being, however, declared forfeit to the viceroy. ? With these terms I was well content — indeed, I had never hoped to win any that would leave us our lives and liberty. And yet for my rart death had been almost as welcome, for now Otomie had built a wall between us that I could never climb, and I was bound to her — to a woman who, willingly or no, had stained her hands with sacrifice. Well, my son was left to me, and with him I must be satisfied ; at the least, he knew nothing of his mother's shame. Oh ! I thought to myself as X climbed the teocalli, oh! that I could but escape far from this accursed land, and bear him with me to the English shores ; ay, and Otomie also, for there she might forget that once she had been a savage. Alas .' it could scarcely be! Coming to the temple, I and those with, me told the good tidings to our companions, who received it silently. Men of a white race would have re joiced thus to have escaped, for, when death is near, all other loss seems as nothing. But with these Indian people it is not so, since when fortune frowns upon them they do not cling to life. These men of the Otomie had lost their country, their wives, their wealth, their brethren,. and their homes ; therefore, life, -with freedom to wander whither they would, seemed no great thing to them. So they met the boon that I had won from the mercy of our foes as, had matters goae other wise, they would have met the bane, in sullen silence. I came'to' Otomie, and to her also I told the news. ' I had hoped to die where I am,.' she an swered. ' But so be it; death is always to be found.' Only my son rejoiced, because he knew that God had saved us all from death by sword or hunger. ' Father,' he said, 'the Spaniards have given us life, but they take our country and drive us out of it. Where, then, shall we go?' ' I do not know, my son,' I answered. 'Father,' the lad said again, 'let us leave this land of Anahuac, where there is nothing but Spaniards and sorrow. Let us find a ship, and sail across the seas to England, our own country.' The boy spoke my very thought, and my heart leapt at his words, though I had no plan to bring the matter about. I pondered a moment, looking at Otomie. % 'The thought is good, Teule,' she said, an swering my unspoken question ; ' for you and for our 8'-n there is no better, but for myself I will answer in the proverb of my people : ' The earth that bears us lies lightest on our bones.' ' Then she turned, making ready to quit the storehouse of the temple where we had been lodged' during the siege, and no more was said about the matter. Before the sun set, a weary throng of men, with some few women and children, were marching across the courtyard that surrounded the pyramid, for a bridge of timber taken from thp temple had been made over the breach in the roadway that wound about its side. At the gates the Spaniards were waiting to re ceive us. Some of them cursed us, eome mocked ; but those of the nobler sort said nothing, for they pitied our plight and respected us for the courage we had shown in the last struggle. Their Indian allies were there also, and these grinned like unfed pumas, snarling and whimpering for our lives, till their masters kicked them to silence. The last act of the fall of Anahuac was, as the first had been, dog stiU -ate dog, leaving the goodly spoil to the lion who watched. At the gates we were sorted out ; the men of small condition, together with the children, were taken from the 'ruined city by an escort, and turned loose upon the mountains, while those of note were brought to the Spanish camp, to be questioned there before they were set free. I, with my wife and son, was. led to the palace, our old home, there to learn the will of the Captain Diaz. It is but a little way to go, and yet there was something to be seen in the path. For as we walked I looked up, and before me, standing with folded arms and apart from all men, was De Garcia. I had scarcely thought of him for some days, so full had my mind been of other matters ; but at the sight of 'his evil face I remembered that, while this man lived, sorrow and danger must be my bedfellows. He watched us pass, taking note of all, then he called to me, who walked last : ' Farewell, Cousin 'Wingfield. You have lived through this bout also, and won a free pardon — you, your woman, and your brat together. If the old war-horse who is set over us as a captain had listened to me, you should have been burned at the stake, every one of you ; but so it is. Farewell for a while, friend. I am away to Mexico to report these matters to the viceroy, who may have a word to say.' I made no. answer, but asked of our conductor, that same Spaniard whom I had saved from the sacrifice, what the senor meant by his words. ' This, Teule : that there has been a quarrel between our comrade Sarceda and our captain. The former would have granted you no terms, or, failing this, would have deooyed you from your stronghold with false promises, and then have put you to the sword as infidels, with whom no oath is binding. But the captain would not have it so, for he said that faith must be kept even with the heathens, and we whom you had saved cried shame on him. And so words ran high, and in the end the Senor Sarceda, who is third in com mand among us, declared that he would be no party to this peacemaking, but would be gone to Mexico with his servants, there to report to the viceroy. ' Then the Captain Diaz bade him begone to hell if he wished, and report to the devil, say ing that he had always believed that he had escaped thence by mistake ; and they parted in wrath who, uince the day of the noche triste, never loved each other much ; the end of it being, that Sarceda rides for Mexico within an hour to make what mischief he can at the viceroy's court, and I think that you are well rid of him.' ' Father,' said my son to me, ' who is that Spaniard who looks so cruelly upon us P' ' That is he of whom I have told you, son — De Garcia, who has been the curse of our race for two generations,' who betrayed your grandfather to the Holy Office and murdered your grandmother, who put me to torture, and whose ill-deeds are not done with yet. Beware of him, son, now and » ever, I beseech you.' Now we were come to the palace, almost the only house that was left standing in the City of Fines. Here an apartment was given to us at the end of the long building, and presently a com mand was brought to us that I and my wife should wait upon the Spanish captain Diaz. So we went, though Otomie desired to 6tay behind, leaving our son alone in the chamber where food had been brought to him. I remember that I kissed him before I left, though I did not know what moved me to do so, unless it was because that I thought that he might be asleep when I returned. The Captain Diaz had his quar ters at the other end of the palace, some two hun dred paces away. Presently we stood before him. He was a rough- looking, thickset man well on in years, with bright eyes and an 'ugly,' honest face, like the face of a peasant who has toiled a lifetime in all weathers,; only the fields that Diaz tilled were fields of war, and his harvest had been the lives of men. Jnst then he was joking with some common 6oldiers in a strain scarcely suited to nice eara ; but so soon as he saw us he ceased and came forward. I saluted him after the Indian fashion by touching the earth with my hand, for what was I but an Tnflinn captive P 'Your sword,' he said briefly, as he scanned me with his quick eyes. I unbuckled it from my side and handed it to him, saying in Spanish : , ' Take it, Captain, for you have conquered ; also it does but come back to its owner.' For this was the same sword that I had captured from one Bernial Diaz in the fray of the noche triste. He looked at it, then swore a great oath and said : ' I thought that it could be no other man. And so we meet again thus after so many years. Well, you gave roe my life once, and I am glad that I have lived to pay the debt. Had I not been sure that it was you, you had not won such easy terms, friend. How are you named ? Nay, I know what the Indians call you.' ' I am named Wingfield.' ' Fnend Wingfield, then. For I tell you that I would have sat beneath yonder devil's house,' and he nodded towards the teocalli, ' till you starved upon its top. Nay, friend Wingfield, take back the sword. I suited myself with another many years ago, and you have used this one gal lantly. Never have I seen Indians make a better fight. And so that is Otomie, Montezuma's daughter and your wife, still handsome and royal, I see. Lord ! Lord ! it is many years ago, and yet it seems but yesterday that I saw her father die— a Christian-hearted man, though no Chris tian, and one whom we dealt ill with. May God forgive us all.! Well, madam, none can say that you have a Christian heart if a certain talc that I have heard of what passed yonder some three nights since is true. But we will speak no more of it, for the savage blood will show, and you are pardoned for your husband's sake, who saved my comrades from the sacrifice.' To all this Otomie listened, standing still like a statue, but she never answered a word. Indeed, she had spoken very rarely since that dreadful night of her unspeakable shame. 'And now, friend Wingfield,' went on the Captain Diaz, f what is your purpose ? You are free to go where you will : whither, then, will you go?' 'I do not know,' I answered. 'Years ago, when the Aztec Emperor gave me my life and this princess my wife in marriage, I swore to be faith ful to him and his cause, and to fight for them till Popo ceased to vomit smoke, till there was no king in Tenoctitlan, and the people of Anahuac were no more a people.' ' Then you are quit of your oath, friend, for all these things have come about, and there has been no smoke on Popo for these two years. Now, if you will be advised by me, you will turn Christian again and enter the ser vice of Spain. But come, let us to supper ; we can talk of these matters afterwards.' So we sat down to eat by the light of the torches in the banqueting ball with Bernal Diaz and some other of the Spaniards. Otomie would have left us, and- though the captain bade her stay, she ate nothing, and presently slipped away from the chamber. (To .be continued.) 