SLTHE MYSTERY M ft-" . or , i THE TOWER. >£&$ . 9 |p A TAI»B OP THBILLINO IKTBBB8T, jtffc b HELEN GORWIN PIERCE, CHAPTER XXV. ifSftl AH INFAMOUS D1BI). '.V.'ij Captain Panning went all tho way to |||| Columbus to try and find Konrick Princo, ||ffl the writer of tho lottor that had boon found jjgsjl -jjx the cell ot Rick Halsey, after his escape SbSh from prison. 3£| So hoped to get from Mr Princo some information regarding his missing prieo- was moat anxious to sectiro Ualsoy, fcothli becauao it was his duty, and still morel becauao he worshipped his beautiful S0I&11 daughter, his only child, and wiBhod wS7 1 safre her# in spite of herself, from her in fstuation for a villain and criminal, whoso |||P| ' brutal behaviour towards her was deserving SBBjl of tho lash. IgggJ Captain Panning was by nature ono of ||||i the gentlest, kindest, and most generous of Igral men. But ho hated tho wretch, Blok Hal soy, with all the bitterness ho could feci, HBa with a vindiotivoncs8 that could not be re- |P|jp pleased. . A ".imiuy uuiu vrw., |||3| thing ho possessed to havo hod Halsey gga in'his power. Illll Of courso his trip to Columbus was of no ipg| avail, and bo returned to tho ponitontlnry i|j|| disheartened, to ittond to matters roqulr && lag attention. %lly' Then ho intended to pay another visit to salT Buellen Hall, and mako a fresh effort to f$|II oeo Kenrick Princo. jttffjy Meanwhile tho country was being well Pljp3 searched for Holsoy. Large rewards woro Iggil offered for his apprehension, and 0 Ulcere |||f were looking in every direction for tho gpL criminal. p$! As tho reader hao doubtless surmised, ||pj; Konrick Prince was not dead, but merely ||<y suffering under tho deop and baleful in sgjgj flncnco of tho powerful drag Dr Varle hai given him. On tho night following his seoming do 3# ccaso, Doctor Varlo, nt the dead of night, (s®2j! removed him, Btill unconscious, from tho pg| HaU. lip® Ho had solemnly promised Belle to tako his uufortunato charge co some sccuro spot whore ho would bo faithfully and carefully Wgh looked after, rccoiving overy comfort and luxury savo liberty, and he had received from ber tho largo sum of flvo thousand ®4fj dollars as payment for acting according to IfM instructions. > There was a reward offered for Rick rP| alsoy, flvo hundred dollars by tbo govern |£j| ment, and a thousand dollars by Captain Dunning. An infamous thought camo to Dr Varlo and ho resolved to act upon it. Ho waited in safo quarters with his vie nnttl PnntnJfl TItinnincr FfthirTlwi tfl hil duties, and thon ho called upon him on tho business. Captain Dunning did not reccivo him very cordially, llo know tho doctor's re- IpfSr JY btion too well. pt at montion of Halsoy ho bccamo in j|ll|8' j ' ' \ i could put you positively on Halsey 's k— if lam tho means of putting him in i possession again, what will you give jfWi / A paltry thousand or fifteen hundred yuollara is no temptation to me. What will JJLI jou givo moP" WJ " X will doublo the roward I have already afSlR, offered." W&s;&i; ' yarle ehook his head. 1 \iwLTbat won't do. 1 shall'have to got out V. .0 cotmtry as fast as I can go. My life . f»t jfiCiOtfo after I havo betrayed bim Y&uat; havo fivo thousand." , ' Captain Dunning hoBitatod— not because of the nioney, but he .mistrusted the pale doctor. 1 " If I could bo suro — " ho began, a "1 will make you Buro— satisfied, before I ask you for a cent of tho money/' Varle' JZ promptly replied, ?s Dunning eyed him doubtingly and with l I keenness. M Very well," he said slowly, " do it," ' J&i.; "Whoa will you have tho money ready formoP" ajl " I will givo you a ohequo at any time fed y " That won't do. I must have green- jT backs." " 1 oon get thorn at a fow hours notice.. " "Will you havo them ready to- morrow i ovonmg P" Captain Dunning agreed. 5 « Now thon," said Varlo, " I know you are a man of honor. You will deal with me on tho square, and not attempt any Sndorhand moanfl of learning my secret or ooouting my man P" 1 » j "You know I will not," Dunning said, fiuvhmg. .3 " I will toll yomhow I am ablo to bring h "1| Halsey to you. Ho camo to mo, a very &ok; man, soon after his escape. Ho had ' V'ood Jf-'trt insomo Bort of a railroad smash, vKi\r$vcr sot in. Ho has been dolirioua mI pfthotimo, and ho is queer yet. I K j 'Jr A ||l put him under tho influence of a nar t .bL' i it to bring him hore. He must go into y JJrSv first" wp-W-qunning listoned in breathleBB oxcito- b « 'mL \ yt, white to the lips. L J "'EJSJWoa ho alone P" ? when ho came to mo." <3 lu'Jjti v Did ho say anything about his wife ? V-k Vfha sho with him when he was hurt? Perhaps sho was killed." f fZA » 1 don't »-bink ao. Ho talked about her in his delirium. 1 guess he was running 5s i i rap y from her when the smash caught „.y hiip" p, " Served bir right. Pity ho didn't die, Captain Dunning muttorod, bitterly. " He is pretty near it, I tell you. ' And so Captain. Dunning thought when Dr Varlo brought up tho pretended Rick Hutsey on tho following ovening. fA Ho had b con. prepared for a ohongo, but sot for ' beholding anything so pitiful as this wnstod object, which had to be brought llv1 inside tho prison walls of tho prison on a " bed, and who looked at hin out of dull and I 1 unrooognising eyes, with a sadly pathotio f lhrl not ffiTcn a «rootlo after ! W Mi found that his unhappy priaonor was 1 t already too passive, with suffering, hope- > 1 lessnoss and dospair, to causo him any now ' trouble. Captain Dunning was so agitated over the affair that ho could scarcely contain 1, vh; : himsolf. Not a doubt had he that this wasted and r i- pitiful wrock of a handsome man was tbo villain who deserved prison bars, and whom he so hated— tho resomblanco was 00 won derful. Ho wao chocked at tho change, 'tho awful change made by terrible illness and suffor-; Iing— tho oyes especially hold such depths of gloom and woo. "Ho looksaa though ho had boon through JV . aomething very dreadful," ho said to Varlo. / j.,- , .. r : - " 1 nover saw a man so altered." I ' 1 L . Tbo doctor's colorless hps twitched a / -niJih llttlo. ' " Yes, ho lias been pretty bad," I10 said. . " Ho would havo died hod it not been for '1 mo." . btill, though tho captain Lad been up to >,J > < . tha .lusc momont susplolous of souio cheat, vV|.' I ho trns satisflod tho moment ho saw tho riv ' tnn. 'l i - llu bent cagorly over him. ,ii Where in toy daughter, Halsoy?" ho . ; : asked. ' Whore did you leave her P" Keniick i'nnco utarcd at him. ' if Coptoin Dunning had only beoa ablo V> .>.. to read tho terriblo tragedy written in th030 . dark, unhappy oyca. 2:" '' . . . / , " jjy luiuio is not Halsoy," tbo siok man > said, wearily. "I don't know what you : ancan. What plaoo u this, pkaoe ?" Dunning looked at tho tolso and wiokud . ... doctor. ' How changed bo iB 1 Even hiu voiso u altered. And bia oyc3 are otrangoly l'/y dlfforcnt. " I told you ho was qucor yot," Varlo said, placidly. "His brain was injured, i don't think ho will ever be the sauo man again. Ho may nover entirely rccovor his senses." " I think everybody, himsolf inoludod, would bo better off," replied Dunning. > Doctor Varle received tho reward of his villainy— tho protnisod sum of money— and departed. Ho was not altogothor happy. " 1 have been mixed up in somo pretty tough things in tho courso of my life," he said to himsolf," " but I don t think 1 ovor did anything so mean as this., if it hod boon tho real Halsey— that sneering Jas per Princo— 1 should bo happy j " only," lie added, clinching his tooth, " 1 should have got Belle after mo in that case. She wiU rago about this affair if sho ovor finds out, but nothing to what sho would do if I betrayed tho othor. Odd, how sho can keop on loving such a scoundrel, and he so mean to her, too. Ob,ithcso women I But 1 modo a satisfactory deal, in that trans action, anyhow." A month bad gono by sinco Madamo Ruel'o funeral. . , . . Jaspor and Bello wore full of wondor that thoy hoard no more from Dunning, and, in secret, Bello speculated greatly what had become of Varlo. tihe wrote to him at various places, but got no answer. At last sho recoivod a lottor. Ho wroto her that Konrick Princo was dead— that a hhindrtr hud linen committed SomohOW. and ho hod not boon able to bring him out of , tho dragged trance in whiob ho had been removed from tho Hall. Belle's horror, almost overpowered her. Sho folt in tbo first shock as though there was nothing sho would not havo done to iiavo brought tho dead to life. Sho hod intended to uso his pretonded death as a strong weapon in her scbomo of vongeanco against Jasper, but licr plans hod recoiled upon borsolf. if she had known that, instead of being in bis grave, ho woe, by a strange perverse fato, fallon into his wicked brother's prison cell, how would sho have felt then ? " 1 am sorry ho is dead," sho murmured, " it is too horrible. 1 feel almost as if 1 hod murdered him. How could that old villain havo blundered 1" But not a suspicion of tho truth ovor entered her mind. " This complicates matters again," she mused. " Wnilo Konrick lived, t bad the upper hand of Hick if lio should try any timo to get rid of me, and marry Sibyl Princo. But now—" A spasm of pain croaaod tbo lovely face, as sho went ou, " Why uo 1 love him so? Could any thing, i wondor, inako mo bato him V As ho talked to Varle, that time, 1 thought it had put an cad to my love, but tbat was a mistake. Despising him, holding him in thorough contempt, yot tho lovo remains just the same. Or thuro would nob bo tho bitter jealousy in my mind concerning that proud young beauty— By hil Princo. Tho hatred that tills my heart when sho comes nnnr inn. Yet. how beautiful sho is. A demon seetoa to urge mo to do anything possible to thwart her.. Thoro is nothing too moan or too contemptible for mo, if it injures hor." CHAPTER XXVI, wniLB BSLtiD was gone. . ' What are you going to do about Sibyl Princo 1" Bello askud Jaspor. " Vou cant keep hor shut up in those tower rooms for over." „ „ Jasper flushed uneasily . 11 Why not ? Bhe is uafor there than any whoro olso." _ . ' . l By no means. If were In her placo, vou would not bo able to keop mo there low, and Stbjl and Mlra Garr aro oaoh as amart .aal am. Yott had bettor wad Jdlaa Garr adrift and put Bib, I iasomo good, kind insane asylum. ¥on havo often tureatened flood P Kind P" repeated Jaspor, mock- inalr. " It is tho first tlms I over heard an insano asylum called that. And the very first thing MIbs Garr would- m to your father and tell him whore Blok Halsoy is. " Bo good enough to say Captain Dnnmng. and- don't forgot it, either 1 ' flashed Bello, hor beautiful face ohalk-whlto with anger, 8n?'iwUl, I will. Don't got mad, Bolle," Ja»p»r hastened to say, oonoiliatingiy. ' If I tako caro of Miss Garr, will yon do as X say about SlbylJ" " perhaps. What is yoor plan I I should ." t J .L.» 44-. iWfi.tlil tin uft have to be eonviucwi »unv , — — ssfo for mo to haro hor In on asylnm .u. he.r'Yon could mako It 'Wo by . paying enough. It mlliht bo a goodldco toput iliM Garr thorc, loo. Yon wonld haw to get o d Verio to help yoo. It is somothlng exactly in his lino-". , UMl0 o TtUnP I havo had enough of. old Varlo to last mo my lifetime. >1 don't like the idea. It scoms cruoL" . . ' .. Bollo's teeth clinched. Her breath came qU,Dh, of course I" Bhe said, bitterly. How teudor-heartod. we have got oil at onco I Fair Blbyl must not go any where out side of this house. That would bo cruel. To keep her shut up hore in an old, dark, mouldy, ghost-hauntcd room, where you cou go and bully her whenever you like, is not uniol— oh, no.l" , , M I have never bcon iuaido the room where sho Is, since she was shut up there," Jasper rlmnnn whv." said Belle, With an exprosslvo lifting of her prottv, gracMux shoulders. " However, you cant keep her shot up whore sho la much longer without an invmtiuotion. Yon know best whether you want her caao examined by the autho rities. Jasper started violently. "What do you mean 2" « Well, that is what it would come to. Hasn't Htb Trufit said anything to you J' " About anything of that sort I Certainly D0" But about somothlng olso 1 I can seo it in your face. Bhohosbeon tdkingtoyou about mo 1" Bello cried trlnmphuntly. "Oh, yon need not try to get out of it I I know it She has been hinting around to mo that it' did not look well foramen to shot his wlfo up 11 she was crazy, jost bo ho could got n chanco to make lovo to his dead mothur's pretty mold. Ha, no l "Well, she did nut speak to mo about IIW4> .. .. i j..i, timtf annrfini? 1$ onWrmakoraoaslor for yon uSto'o hot tempor flashed white In hor faco hgntni bat sho conlrolled it, only re- marking, with sweet Barcaam " Of courso, it is much easier to got rid of a real wifo than a protonded one. Bnt let fair Sibyl go for tbo present. Mrs Rick Hal soy has to bo disposed of tho first thing. Jasper mada a movement of impatience. Bollo laughed. Bhe liked to provoke him. "It scorns necessary, " sho went on, in order to stop theso wagging tongue3, that I/noy VflnnoT nhould Icavo. Bhe shall go l Jasper looked at her excitedly. Ho was so token oy surprlso, ho did not know whothor bo wanted hor to go or not. Belle's clover, sharp brain waa vory nsoful to him just now, but hor rulo woa rathsr an iron ono. ' YoU (len't.-mftftn If. hn iitld " 1 do. Lncy Vennor shall go, and Dorcas Ruel ohull como in hor place, " Who is Dorcas UnoU" " A maiden sistor of yonr stopfathor's, manafactorud for this occasion." ' Bollo laughed at his staro of howildor- mcnt. there Is no suoh person," Jasper said. "Thuro will bo by. this timo to-morrow," Bello retorted gaily. " You jast havo a car rlago tako mo to incot the soven o'clock trela for town to-night. Good-bye, Luuy Vennor I Ah soon as I get thoro, I will telegraph yon in Dorcas Rucl's namo to meet mo ut ., tho fiist mornipg'e oxpress. Tbat will bo about ha'i.past ten o'clock, I guess. You win fln,r. Mis Dorcas Bud waiting for yoa,;and. 1M bot you that littlo.raisstng budget of groin- bauits you woa't know mo youroolt I Hu viuilod scornfully. t ' " Yon nrp vnrj good at that Lind of tblug but jruu cuaidn't fool me. I kuow cause big green oyes of yours too well. You would have to get rid of thom before you could play yoursolf off as anybody elra to anyone who know those eyes. I don't like the plan/ Bollc, I am suro it won't work. Let me te>l yon mine. Yon go np to town and wait. I will join you in a few days. We will tako all the monoy wo can raise, an.l skip. How will that do?" For a moment the beautiful, foolish, loving woman was thrilled to her proud, passionate heart by the words. But she knew him so well. Ho had deceived her so often " What do you call a few days ?" sho asked, with an augry sucor. " Timo ouough to fix up matters with fair Sybil, and take horBomcwhero that I could not find you? It won't do, my clover friend. I leave to night ; Dorcas Uuol comes in tho morning, and you will seo bow quickly she will dls- poie ot Hlstrojs Sybil." Jaspor winced, but finally agreed to Bollo's arrangements with fairly good grace. Ho had to. Thoro was no othor way. Tho wile whom 'ho hao doubted and abused in the past had tbo uppor hand now. He drew a long breath of relief when Uullu was out of tho hoaso. " I supposo I can call my soul my own while she is gone, and no longer," he mut torod. " So I had hotter improvo the timo. I'll go and seo Sybil." There were two sots of keys to tho tower rooms. Bolle kept one and took ibom away, with her to provoat Jasper Prince visiting Sybil whUo she was gone. Ja9por had told her that Doctor Varle had quietly in his own pockot. What ho promised to himsolf from an intorviow with Sybil, be did not know. Ho had no real plaas concerning her ex cept in a vague way. Ho meant to got rid of Belle sometlmo and marry Sybil. Jnst how It was to bo dono was not very clear la hU own mind. He bad some vagae notion of gotting a divorce from nolle. Doctor Vatic would help to fix it np, ho fancied, If well onough paid for ir, and he did not know how ho could havo over felt safe in his stolon identity or secure of tbo monoy till Sybil bad really bccomu his wife. How to get rid of bcautif al, aomansgeablo Belle, that was tho question. To do tho handsome villain justice, ho did not now wish her dead. Unawares to himself, a carious chango hat begun in his wicked heart when hu saw his mother and his brothor lying there dead. " No, no 1" bosaid,shtdderiogly, whenover the thought of ridding himself of Belle in that way came over htm. Still she was %an obstacle, and ho wanted that obstacle removed in some way. " What a joko it would be," ho muttered, " to pot ber la some good, kind iasaee asylum instead of Sybil, as shu proposes I Uut 1 couldn't do It. I know I couldn't. I mast be getting soft-hearted, as Belle says." Unwanted to see Sybil. Ho exulted in tho fact that there was no ono now to inter fore with hU doing so, His mother, bo thought with a shudder was gouc. Bella was gone. Sibyl was in a locked room, and bo had tho k-y. Why should ho not go and sre her ! Why, tnrJuntl . .Ypfint thrifc In Ma mwar llv Jtunl he was afraid to meet tho beautiful, accusing, threatening gazu.of the wonun wtioso hus band be boiiovud, and she believeJ, hu hud slain. How her dark, swcot oyoj had flashed at him like swords that night when shu called him "murderer." ..Ho.'hiank with a sort of horror from mcotfog her, and yot he was resolved to go. Sbedrow him with an irresistible fascina tion. tibo possessed bim, as. it were, witt a Umgiog to no in her presence, which hu cuuld not control. He wont slowly down tho corridor that led to the lower, aad his step grew slower as he drew near, till hu stopped entirely, unl after some momcuts' hesitation went hurry ing back to his own room, where he had a flask of brandy. lie ponred out halt a glass of the raw spirits and swallowed it al a gulp. ' " 1 guess I can do it uow," he muttered, grimly, wiping the moisture from his fore- Ho put tho flask in his pocket, and wont out into tho passage again. Ho helped himself to another liberal draught from the flask before he opened the door and passed into the presence of tho two ladies, almost withont warning. 8ybll was lying down, with ail hor dark, silky hair unbound and flowing over tho pillow. Miss Garr sat beside hor. ' Jaspor paused just inside (he door, his heart beating hot and heavy at sight of that sweet whito face framed in mossed of soft, waving black hair. Both ladies started np in violent cxaito- meat at sight of him. . . Tbo horror and abhorrence on Sybil's buaatiful pale faco was terrible to sea. The change which grief and imprisonment hud wrought in that lovely countenance io so short a time amazed him. V Murderer ?" uttered Sybil, in low, in tense tones, " Have yon como to kill mo, too ?" "Good ovening, Ifr Hals en V said Miss Garr. "Havo you heard from Captain Dunning lately ?" His face flashed white and thon red. He glanced at Miss Garr. Ho went a stop to ward her. " Fou shut np, old woman," ho said, savagely, " or I won't promise to keop my hands off you I" " Yuu had better not dare to pat them on mo, if you doa't wanc your nose tweaked 1" tbo plucky old maid retorted,' hor small, bright eyes llko sparks. " I can handlo you, ana not naif try." "What do yon want hero, Mr Halsoy?" Mtthil nnlrt'ri. "Who are you talking to?" ho retorted, " My same is not Halsoy." ' He was almost f naming with rage, the handsomo faco black ami scowling. He looked more lifco a demon than ho did like a man. "It may nob bo yonr reql name," Sibyl said, calmly "it is yonr prison name, yonr conviot namo. I am satisfied of that It is tho name Captain Dunning knows you by. You ought to be called Cain, for, like tbo first murdorer, I believe it was your brothor you and Doctor Varlo killod." Jaspor did nob uttor a word for a moment. Thon his lips ourlod with a bitter snoer. "No hotter?'' ho said. "Still full of (hose wild fancies, my beautiful wife ? " A quick shudder ran through Sibyl \ she was white as deatb. ( " Bruto I " cried Miss Garr. " Shut up,gimlotoyea !" Jaspor retorted. He took out hia bandkerchiof to wipe the profuse porspiration from his face, and dropped it on the floor. As ho stooped to piek it up, , the. flask of brandy slipped from his broaBt pookot, and lay upon tho thiok carpet, without his noticing it. CHAPTER XXVH. "TDB HANGMAN AWAITS TUBE." A quick flash came into Miss Quit's "gimlet-oyea." Sho changed her position so that the skirt of hor dress covered tho flat bottlo. Then in a momont more sho hod ooatnvod to secure it without Jasper obaorvmg her. Passing quietly into tho next room, in whioh Doctor Varlo had loft a fow vials of various preparations, sho Bohtcted one irttuilod " Laudanum," and poured tho wholo contents into tho flask of brandy. it had all been doao so qolokly that sho had BcarcoW boon missed from tho room by tho other two, when sho returned to it, end tho pitchor of water tUl on B htth tablo which .tood at Jasper , right hand uud quite noar, but etill ho did not notico ''Now, Sibyl, understand mo," ho woe .uying. "I um willing to humor the., fauoieo of youro— to allow you to Uiat'thcm hoo boon another Konrtoa 1 rinoo to whom you havp bqon married and who i is now dead. I am willing to allow tms, and to bo privately and quiotly married ovor again, provided you premise to stop talking about nil theso things— especially to stop accusing ao of murdoring anybody, or of being an escaped convict. .What, do you say ? " Not a word camo from Sibyl. Sho sat staring atjhim with oyes of loftiest and in dignant contempt, hor lips white with pain, her wholo atr exprosslvo of tho utmost horror and dofianco but sho did not ntter a word. Jasper quailod before tho Are in thoso beautiful oyca, in spite of thoso ficico draughts of spurious courage with 'which ho had bolstered himself. His month felt dry and parched.. .Ho glanced around and .saw the (look of brandy, tho pitchor, tho glass. His sonscs wore already becoming con fused. Ho reached for tho flask cagorly,' and poured himself nearly a glass of tho strong spirit and tossed it dowm Prudenco watched him oxultingly. "Now," she thought, "if .ho stays hore, till that dose gets hold of him, tho thing is done." " Well, what do you say ? " Jasper ocgan again, blunderingly. "You don't expcot mo to do all the talking, do you ? " His speech woo getting thick, his eyes looked glassy. "I say you don't oxpeofc-" he began again, savagely, moving townrd her. ' But at almost the first step he reeled, caught at tho table which held tho bottlo it prone and sprawling, like a huge frog, among tbo rains Prudenco Garr looked as though sho would liko to diwco on his prostrate body. She caught Sibyl by tbo hand. " Como t " sho whispered. ' This is our chanco. The keys are in tho door, and ho is safo for a while. Ho couldn't get upon his foot now to savo his life, and ho will bo sound as a post in ten minutes, if not less." They wont out of tbo room qoiekly, taking tho precaution to lock tho door at each end of tho llttlo passage. "It's a wonder Miss Lucy Vennor is not around somewhere spying," Prudenco thought. If sho had known that Miss Vennor was not in tho house, her mind would havo bcon much easier. xuuy wuuv unit aoiseiessiy to taeir own apartments for bats and wraps. " We had hotter go oat by tho garden door," suggested SibvL V Wo sbaU not bo so likely to bo seen. " All rifht," responded Prudence, boldly loading the way. But tho suggestion proved unfortunate. It was about nino o'clock; there wore only dim lights in the halls and passages, ana thoy encountered no ono. They could hear a faint hum.and slight moremont from tho direction of thu kitchuu regions. All elso was still until, as thoy ware pass ing a door which opoucd into the dining- room, thoy beard tho shrill tones of MrsTur- fit, tho Hall housekeeper, reprimanding some servant probably. " Shu ti cuintugout 1" whispered Prudence Garr, and palled >ibyl with ber tbroagh tho first opcu door she saw. ' Tati will do till ' shu has gono." ' "If she seen us, sho will try to stop us," ' said Sibyl. " Shu has always hated me for some reason." " Sho won't bco as." Hat thoro was very little that passed any- ' where within ber ken which " Old lurflt," ua the servants called her/missed. Bhe had 1 eye liko a hawk. As flho,camo out of the dining-room, sho - muse havo caught a glimpao of the fugitives . or thoir shadows. They had gone into a small room set apart as, a storage closet, l'here had not boon time to closo tho door. . Mrs Turfit stood a momont near tho dialog room after she came oat, speaking to tho servant, bat watching the storage-room. " Well, 1 shoald like to know what that means," she. muttered to. .herself , .splufad;,. uud 1 will, too 1" She moved carelessly along till Bhe came near the open door, when sho suddenly made a spring, caught U with both hands and shut it with a bang— then looked it. She know well enough who was inside, bat pretended to thiak it was two burglars, and screamed loudly. The servants came running. Tho gardener took tho key from Mrs, Tur fit, and opened the door. Burglars, indeed t" he exclaimed angrily. >( Why, its Mrs Prince and Miss Garr."» Tho two Jadies camo out into the hall Sybil was polo— bat haughtily imperious. She looked at Mrs Turfit, and the house keeper looked back at hor as impertinently na nhrt riflTrwi. I guess there ain't any barm dono," sho said. " Wo all know what the ordors ore about Mrs Prinao." Than sho turned to one of the servants— u Run quick to Mr Prince's room, and ask him if he knows his crazy wife is loose." Sibyl's whito llpa curved scornfully. What makes yon coll mo omzy, Mm Tarfit? Havo yon over— has any one here— Beoa or heard mo do anything that looked liko it?" The housekeeper tossed her head. " 1 don't know anything about it. That is what my bettors call you. I don't pretend to know better than they do," Then she spoko to James, tho gardener. " Como ovor hero by mo," she said, with a moat insolent giauco at Sloyl. " Ono nover knows what a orazy person may do next, I've heard." James Reese frowned at tho woman and stood still. Ho was an old man, and Miss sibyl, as 'ho called hor, hod always been a prime favorite with hfm. < He had grieved and pnzzlcd a good deal ovor what they baa told bun about her. t « James Bocae," said Sibyl, " Do yoa be lieve X am Insane ?" The poor old man looked troubled. " Yoa see, Miss Sibyl." he said, slowly, " it is so qneer you don't know your own hus band, Sibyl startod, and shuddered violently. It was so horriblo to bo always met by tbat. . . > . , And if she told them that the man thoy called Konrick Princo was in. reality his murdoror, thoy would only staro at her and shrink from hor, and all tho more coll hor iasanu. ' "James," sho sold, " I want yon to answer mo some questions. How many years Is it sinee yoa first know Mr Kenrick Princo ?" "Nigh ten, miss " " And you woro always vory fond of him ? You have told me so many times. And ho liked yoa and liked to talk with you. Now, uow is it with this man I Docs ho ever como near you?" " well," hesitatingly, " since tho smash-up I'm boond to say ho s not qaito as he used to oe j but—" " Docs ho ovor speak to you unless ho Is obliged?" ! " Well, I don't know as ho does, but—" " Waltl Is bo In anything but looks tho least like tho Kenrick Princo yoa koow before tho railway accident?" " Woll, no, not muoh— not muob" shaking his old head vigorously. 11 Isn't he more changed than 1 am V "Ves, bat— " "Wait, wait t Did tho Konriok Princo you usod to know before tho ocoident, in all the years you over know him, ovor tako spirits or wino P" " No, no, miss ; that's tiuo," said tho old uian, sorrowfully, "he is very different at tho present timo ; but trouble. Miss Sybil, oos driven many a man to <f Sybil mado,a movement of supremo dis gust and disdain " Troabla nover turned a good mau into a beast," sho said. At this momont tho . girl who had boon sent to find ,Mr4 Princo returned, saying ho wus not to bo found. As if moved by u sudden impulse, Sibyl turned upon the gaping and startled com pany. . " Follow mo." ' And thoro was somothlng so oommondlng in hor tones that the' wholo company moved aterhor. ! Mhss Garr unloosed the doora, 8ybil wont irit, tho others trooped pfter. ; Joaper Princo lay.just oa- thoy had loft liiu— sprawled upon tho floor liko a Logo frog. . ; ;'.// But hu was not asicep. Tne tauoannm whioh Prudence had poured into tho .flask of brandy, instead of stupefying him, had oOunterootcd the effect of tho spirits. Still ho was tolerably drank. Sybil went and stood hear him, looking down with on expression of'loathinjr and disgust. , Stooping suddenly, flho.hisaod, ' Muriierer— where is thy brother P" . Tho-worda had an ominous' sound, and thoy piorccd even his drink-clouded brain. ,G<j Bak up, groaned, and glared at them with savage eyes. ' /Hlrbrainwas smitten with sharp romorao and fchr.. ' ' „ '"'Mirdorer 1" sho hissed again, "Tho hangman awoita thcc 1" CHAPTER XXVIII. : ' THE GHOST. .. . With a scream so piereiug and horrible It HCftroviy comodhamAn/tho wietehstaggorcd .upon his fooCrtrhtf dartiog maniao glances frJm sldo 'to iidc-for a momont, plunged lieailong UltonKh thu midst. of tho hnlf- (Tardlysed greap((>etwcQn.bim.aad tho door uadi&isappearei.-; ... Sit>yl turned upon Mrs Turfit, a dan gerous light in ber beautiful, ilashiag oyes. . .The woman was staring with wildly dlfatfngoyc? after Jasper. . Thoy. were all starihg with looks of won der, '-horror and bewilderment, iibyl's bcaatiful whito faco tamed upon theoi. She extended to them her little, shaklog handa. . " ' Do you call that thing in the shnpo of a man .ivunricx rnncc r sue oaxea, in low, mteoee tones. There was dead silence. Evon Mrs Tarfit loosed stunned.. - . ' M Ho be mightily changed, Jdlta Sibyl— ho bo Cor sura" 'James Itocso said at last, shaking bis gray-head gloomily. "And wo bo all mighty sorry for you and him. Uut then yOa know, mistress, that don't make him somebody else. He.be Mister Kenrick (or all." Sibyl's hands fell ; her head drooped despairingly. ./- Mi&s.Oarc; went to her. Lucy -Vonoer has gono away." sho whis pered; '.'leaked uue of the. girls, and sho said she had goito for good. Rut I don't be Huyo tbat.'1 Do ?oU suppose sny one elso weald iaro to iaterfere if wo tried to leave the house now ?" Up. I'ii flit u>nn1H. Mhn lintpj ma an and i don't believo James Reese would iot mo go. The poor old man really boliovcs I have lost my mind." M We might try," " Yes." But at the first movomoot, Mrs Turfit faced thom with betligcreat looks. " Kxcuse tne, ladles/bat I- can't lot yuu »ut of this room without Mr Prlaco's orduis. Mnt Princo, nay way. AskJmes Uocse." X wouldn't go if I was you, Miss Sibyl," tho old gardener said, persuasively. Sibyl laid her little, whito hand upon bis arm. . . Yoa wouldn't try to hlndor mo, James ? ' -hu said, gently. ' Even if f am insano, as yoa. think. You know it ii only on one point.' I couldn't dare to risk it, ha said, .Mthlla. <i If mlnhr. tuvuntff nnlnlii iM:(oro morning. Yua might bo a raving maniac It aiu't fittiog for a lady to go out uy hergolf at' this timo of tbo night, any way ' Miss. Gayr would bo with mo. You don't' &ili; hor, insame ? " 'M ddn'6 know anything about hor. Our ordobsiare abont yoo! Don't tease tho old man now." Mrs Turfit jhougfrt.it, was about timo to putin Rorjbar. again. "X'HntrOflble you for tho keys to theso rooms. Miss Gdrr," sho said, with ortraor- dinaryimsblonce of look and tono. <» will yon tako them now, or warn uu yon can 'got, them ? " retortod. Prudenco, coolly.'',: .« You: had better givo thom up. Yon havos.not bnaihesa with them, anyhow. ; 1 suppose you stole them from Mr Prince" tho hoosekeoper said, glaring at her. Sibyl drew her back a little and sppto low. . , _ ,T„ " You seo how it is," she sa\d. ' ihero is only ono thing can bo 'dono. I think thoy would neither -of thom try to prevent your gcing. JNo ono would interfere with you to-night, but that wretoh whom' wo bdipved to be Halsoy won't lot you go by toihorrowJ' , . . « u I won't leavo you and_ that is flat ! doolared Prudonco, empbatioolly. «« Yos, you will I will toll you why, and it Is the only hopo. You can find Captain Dunning and tell him about Biuk Halsey."- . t) " JJO you LUIUK UO WUU1U DU"U'« Prudonco exolaimod, with a startled air, 'It is such a queer story and wo can't prove anything. Tiio very servants hero would contradict as. I'm afraid, my dear, 1 should only get collod crazy, too." "No t, that man Dunning was too anxious to got hold of Halsoy. I could seo that. I boliove you could got him to como hero and see this man." "I can try, anyhow, and I'm willing,' Prudonco said, with somo excitement. " But I don't like leaving you alone hero at the uiorcy of that drinking villain." "I'm not afraid of hlm-at least not much, I believe ho is more afraid of me than I am of him. At any'rato, it is the only chance, Prudenco. Everything fa against us hero. I believo thoy mean to-put' me' in on insane asylum if 1 don't give up and own that wretch for my husband/and tbey wiU put yoa there with me if yoa doa'fc look oat, / Wait a mlnato now and' let ue speak to Mrs Tarfit." Sho turned to tbo housekeoper. givpt you tbo keys, and I agree to remain as I am for tho present, will you see that a car riage takes hor at onco to Hampton Station to meet tho midnight express train t" Mrs Tarfit promised eagerly. Bbo knew Jaspor bated Miss Garr, and sho had hoard bim say many times that ho wished ho could got' rid' of hor— not vory lately, however — uot since ho had discovered tbat Prudenco sospeoted bo was Riek Halsoy. James was despatohed to see that tho pro mised carriage was raado ready. Miss Gnrr, with a solemn and important air, drew Sybil into tho adjoining room. "Here is. something, I am going to give yon, tho old lady said, with tears In hor eyes, aad a qnlvor in her voico. "I hope yon tvon't need It, bat yoa may." . " The something " was a small pistol, qacor looking, wfiioh Prndonce took oat from some place of concealment, ' It don't lookmneh," she said, as Sybil Bmucu, uuv ik win uuuuk— auu Jv is iuuuuu now." Sibyl kissod it, and kissed MUa Garr as she took it, and thanked hor with emotion. ' " Now yon nso it if yoa need, and don't bo afraid. v It will shoot enough for Mr Rick Halsoy, I guess. He's a coward, anyhow, said Miss Gar/. v. Jnmcs/camo prcsontly to say tho carriage waa ready. ? . . Sibyl tnrncd wblto na doath and olung to Miss Garr passionately. " Remember," Bhe said, " that you Icavo me ; alone among bittor enemies; tbat you aro tho only friend I have in tho world to hulp mo. Yoa won't forsake mo under any circumstances, will. yoa, Pmdonco?" " 1 wtll neuer-forsako yoa i 1 will stand by yoa and work for yonr help as long as I can draw breath I" Prndonce declared, bo- twocnBobs, ' And if you como back and 1 am not bore —it no ono can or will tell you whoro I am —yon will still koep searching till yon find mo, won't yon ?" 'I will— I will I" Misa Garr gavo the muoh-contcsted keys to Blbyl 44 Keop thom y oarself till James comes and tolls yon I havo started,", sho said. "Mr Blok Halsoy may try to stop mo at tho last momont." . Mrs Turfit tossed . hor head nod looked volumes of fnsolenco, but she mado no ob jection In words, only bado her assistants come and stand with hor against the door (or fear the crazy womaashouki try to break out. Sibyl gave no heed to her impertinence, ooly watohod. anxiously oad with bcatlog heart for James Mara. . ($0 hi continued); - 