Music and the Stage. [By Keino,] Monday brought a musical enter tainment, in -aid of St. Joseph's Church repair fund, at the Temper ance Hall, by popular amateuns, which, with the attractive distribu tion of gifts, drew a good audience together. Mazzinghi's trio, ' Ye shep herds,' belongs to a good school of English music, wliich deserves keep ing alive, and, sung by Messrs. Mulcahy, Roper, and O'Brien, ushered the concert in well. Miss Maher gave Jude's ' Castle Grate,' and Lindsay's ' Moravian Nuns ' duet with Miss Reynolds, both pleasing items. Mrs. Lovett kindly contributed Kellie's ' Douglas Gordon,' repeating the last verse by general desire, and ' Kate Kearney.' Mr. Sidebottom's humo rous song, and especially Mr. M. Keating's recitation, 'How we Beat the Favorite' — a really clever per formance — we.ro features of the evening. Mr. E. Macnamara con tributed two songs, received with acclamation. Mr. Hynes recited Tom Hood's ' Bridge of Sighs' with excel lent effect. Mr, Jacobs exhibited the popular 'Ghost,' and Messrs. Shirley, Gleeson, Stuart, Banks, and Macna mara repeated their scene from Sheridan's ' Rivals,' so successful at the late competition. The concert was under the direction of Mr. E. Mul cahy. In aid of the Union Chapel Workers' Guild fund the Orpheus Club gave a concert at the chapel ?choolroom on Monday evening, which, owing to counter attractions, was not well attended. Why are our musical events not spread more judi ciously over the week ? The people's Wednesday night concert was attended by a vast audi ence, who appreciated Mr. Macken «ie's and Mies Osborne's ' Singing Lesson,' Master Weir's ' Policeman's Song' and chorus, and MisB Ruby Clifford's recitation ' Smiting the Rock' and encore ' Irish Servant' most. Mrs. Turnbull's ' Danse Negre' (piano solo) and Mr. Munro's (clarionet) 'Masauiello' were good performances, but of a class which does not obtain a fair healing on such occasions. Mrs. J. Hodgman's songs, ' Waiting' and 'Foiget,' Mr. Jacobs' ' Soldier,' Mr. Mackenzie's ' Death of Nelson ' and Mr. B*raliam's leger demain and shadowgraphs proved welcome additions. The orchestra played their ' Nautch Danse' smartly. The ' Ane-el of Hope ' Quartette was left out, humming and all Tuesday witnessed a rendering of Gilbert-Sullivan's world-famed 'Gon- doliers,' by arrangement with Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove, at the hands of a number of local dilettanti. Amateurs, as a general rule, like to show managers the absurdity of ad mitting actors on their stages, only after showing satisfactory results of years of hard study of singing, enun ciating, and treading the boards, when similar results can be achieved by anybody simply taking one par ticular work in hand for say nine months. Of course trained nrnfflK sionals would tell them that life is too short for allowing often more than a few days for working up even such clever productions as Gilbert's, with whose and similar splendid telling hits local audiences have quite drifted into a way of crediting the actors who only recite them, but if such credit is meant simply for their local gags, Buch are always condemned among legitimate actors, especially in opera. The scene of the ' Gondoliers' was laid at the Town Hall, on a suc cessfully improvised stage, the appliances of which showed off the well - dressed performers to good advantage. The scenery of the first act need not have been called special attention to on the programmes, unless it was to prevent mistakes on the part of stray former frequenters of Venice's lovely piazzetta among the spectatois. To the performance, which evidently de lighted a crowded audience, as sembled to assist the ' Improved Dwellings Association,' nothing like a critical standard can be applied, bearing as it did in every sense the imprint of dilettantism, but as «uch, highly creditable to the ladies and gentlemen named in the programme and enjoyable to the spectators. Suffice it that the effective quar tettes ' In a contemplative ' and ' Then one of us ' (Gianetta, Tessa, Marco, Giuseppe). Tessa's ' When a merry maiden,' the finale of act I, alternate linas ' After sailing ' (Tessa, Gianetta and chorus) ' the duet ' Small titleB ' (Duke and Duchess) were excellent, and these, with the Duke, Duchess, Casilda, and Luii's Entree and a few of the choruses and th» incidental elegant skirt danco quite redeemed the Casilda and Luiz duet ' There was a time,' Don Bolero's ' I stole the prince,' Giuseppe's 'Rising early,' Marco's ' Take a pair,' the quint ettes ' Try we live long ' and ' I am a courtier,' none of which admit of any severity of criticism. The orchestra appeared top Boon after th» original Opera Company's, »' little while ago our visitors, to exhibit their efforts to advantage, but on the whole the production of the opera warranted its repetition on the even ing following. Woods' Dramatic Company at the Theatre Royal were .crowded out by the multitude of amateurs offering attractions elsewhere. Dilettantism is very delightful in every branch of art, imitation being the sincerest form of flattery, not only showing the appreciation, taste and ability of the amateur, but also developing his desire to encourage tbe profes sional disciples of it. But would a true dilettante ever wish to keep able professional artists from visiting our shores and keeping us abreast of the latest developments in art, which would be the result of our profes sional visitors finding local amateurs continually clashing, I would regret to say intentionally, with the functions of legitimate followers of the art. 