THE OHUBOH AND THE CHUBOHES. .a: (Jbrom tbe Rock) ' 'x current nnmber of the Reoiew of the Cnurcnas, two reported speeohes by Canon ummond, von what is designated "poly- obnrobism," have a certain measnre of interest, -ana deserve carefnl atndv bv those who wish to see how cleverly a oaee may bo stated from , one particnlar standpoint wittiont appreciation n . Canon Hammoiid's idea of the Jioly Catholic Chnroh seems in a great tneaeureto be taken from, or, at any rate, is on Sadler's pnblioatibns. He PCBStBsee a loving spirit, and speaks with apparent 'camdonr. His atterancea are . JiiB convictions, as an ' Anglican Obnrchman, ho shows, thevskiil, if not the ariifices, of Jtlis position is ® „ ®'® "'1' can be no other Chdroh bni "I btUcvo . . . A , ® Oathojio Ohnrob," says every Bdt the question pre- .aeniB jtself, what is meant by the Holy Caihoiic Chnroh ? Canoii Hammond meane ; « . |\ Onnrob, and he eaye, I do "flow lt.thereiis , any , invisible Chnroh." SlVdl J ® . Ws poBition, for tbe : great divines of me Ct,moh of Engiand do xoler I o an invisible Ghurph. Bogers; Hooker, ' Field, Bidley, Jewell, Barrow, Uaher, Leigh- o'n, held that tbe Holy Catholio Chnroh was the Chnroh of God's elect, known only to God, and invisible. Bishop Westcott saya, " I believe there' ia one Chnroh, thongh I cannot aee its unity." Jnat so. Why expresa belief at all if tbe Catbolio Obnroh be visible? Faith is the evidence of things not seen. One would have thought that the use of the ex pression " visible Church," by the Chnroh of England, Implied that there was an invisible Chnroh. And if the latter expression is not used In her formnlarlas or in the Bible, the thing itself ia there under other terms. Oanon Hammond very ingenionsly atatea hia case in his own words, and then demands Scriptural proof for a particnlar position I He might jnst aa well eay, "The word Trinity is not need ooncerning God. Give me the chapter and verse in the Bible where it Is to he found." We answer, "Thongh that special term is not In tbe Bible, the doctrine to which it relates is thers." It Easy be trne that there is an organized, visible society, called "the Ohnrob," but it is equally trne that there are Btatementa and . expression, both in the formnlarieaot theOhnrb of England and in the Scriptures which deal with that which is invisible. " It is argned that as a body, a kingdom, and a honse are visible objeots, it would he absurd to refer them aa inviaihle. No donht. this ia qnitp trne aa regards things which are material. Bnt tbe words body, kingdom, honse, are, in reiation to the Chnroh, not literal, bnt figura tive." The Kingdom of God may come with observation — then it is visible. But the real Kingdom of God oometh not with observation, bnt ia within — then is it visible. Ths visible Chnroh may be God's House, hut St. Peter refers to the Church as a "spiritnal Honse," and as snob it is invisible. Tbe visible Chnroh may be designated Christ's body, in a general way, bnt in a limited sense it is " a mystioal," and, therefore, an invisible body. Tbe Chnroh of the first- born, whose names are written in heaven, is certainly no visible bnt an invisible Ohnrob. Christ's Chnroh, in the truest sense, is a limited Chnroh — built by Christ Himself. It is composed of none bnt " living stones," as St. Peter designates trne believers, and therefore is invisible. This, and no visible Obnrcb, is the Church against which the gates of hell can never prevail, and which Christ will present to Himself " a glorions Chnroh." So in the Chnroh of England there are both general and limited expressions. The visible Church is, of conrse, specified ; bnt so is the invisible, in snob terms as " the mystical Body of Christ, which is the blessed company of all faithful people." "The true Chnroh is a universal congregation or fellowship of God's faithfnl and elect people." Canon Hammond knows this very well, and says, "The soul of the Chnroh consists of those trne believers, those ' disciples, indeed,' who are known to God alone. Of the latter I eball eay nothing." That is very kind of Oanon Hammond, becanee " the latter " tonoh the very root of the matter, for they are tbe invisible Chnroh. In . snob statements he snrrenders his position. Canon Hammond dwells mnoh upon Bib lical expressions concerning the Chnroh of God. Of conrse every Churoh if a Chnroh at all in any trne sense, is God's Chnroh. What else could any company of persons baptised into the name of God be called ? But if Canon Hammond will carefully read his Bible, he will notice that every now and then there are expressions which are limited in eignifi- cance. For example, the Jews were called God's elect, yet they were not so in a limited sense. They were designated Jews, bnt many of them were not so, strictly speaking. They were mentioned as God's sons, and holy ; yet really the few, not the many, were so. " The fact is, the Holy Catholio Cnuroh is a spiritual kingdom. Its seat is in the heart. It is faith, peace, joy, righteonsneis in the Holy Ghost. (Bom. xiv. 17.) . . . The real hnity of the Catholio Chnroh is not in mere form, whether of government or polity, bnt It is 'unity of the Spirit.' 'He,' no matter what bis external, circnmstances may be, 'that is joined onto the Lord is one Spirit. (Cor. V 17.)' Some of the argomtrnts of Canon Hammond are startling to devont minds. For example, he speaks of Ohnrohes being " neoeseariiy corrnpt," and refers to God's Oharch at Corinth as a terrible illustration. Bnt does Cannon Hammond really believe that "the iucestnons man " was placed by the Holy and Unerring Christ in His living Temple? Was he part of Hia Body, controlled and taught by Hia Spirit? Christ's "real Ohoroh" is impsrisbable, and all its members holy, and have an nnction from the Holy One. Christ's sheep hear Hia Vuioe and follow Him. To say that tbe wioked are really a part of Christ Is a revolting and an irreverent idea. Another position Canon Hammond takes up is that " whatever are the corrnptions of the Chnroh, w must on no acoonnt separate from it." This is one of the must extra ordinary statements a sober minded divine conld possibly make. Whatever interpretation we may pat npbn the Book dt Bevelation, Babylon.bae to do with a corrnpt Oharch, and the command of God to His people is " Come oat of her. Dues Canon Hammond mean to isay that . if . be lived' in Italy he ongbt to .become a, Bqman Catholio? The Chnroh of Bome ia the caricature of the. Bride,, the Lamt>'e wife; and are Obristiane to he associated with the " harlot '' ? How does Oaaoh ! Hammond's reasoniug apply to. Dr. Dolltnger and Pdre Hyaointtie? 'Were tbey wroDg in leaving tiie Church ot Bome, when she propounded the awtul doctrine of the Pope a infalUhiity ? . And ,wby does Canon Hammond invent a hew ein, lor fao; makes separation from a visible . Chnroh. " a sin " ? Bins in tha Bible are not matters . of speonlation or peradvratnre, bnt are clearly defined. Where is the visible Chnroh against which the gates of hell shall never prevail ? Obnrchea have oeased to exist. The candleatioka of existing chnrchea may he removed. By what ri|;ht doea Canon Hammond assert- that separation from any existing Oharch is a ein ? If God had said, for example, that the Chnroh of England is the Chnroh of Christ, or an infal lible branch of the Ohnrob of Christ, and separation from it ia a ein, we ahonld have heen free from all liability of miatake. Bnt to aasnme that the Chnroh of England is the Chnroh of Christ, and then to say that separa tion from it is a sin, is to create a sin out of an assumption. The Chnroh of England may he a Boriptnral Church, a Catholio, Apostolic Church, and it may ha unwise, it may he a mistake, it may hs wrong to leave it ; hut to eay that Dissentera are living in sin becanse they do hot believe that epiacopaoy is a Divine institution and necessary to the being of a Chnroh — to say they are sohismatiod while they hold the saving truths of Christ's religion and lead holy Uvea— is a most nn- heooming, arrogant, unfair, and nnwarrantable prooeeding. Or, to put this in another form. If the Chnroh of England he the Chnroh of Christ and separation from it is a ain, then Dissenters are living In oontlnnal sin, and are ontside the pale of salvation. Canon Ham mond cannot, does not, believe any snob thing ; bnt it is not unfair to press his reason ing to its logical conolnsion. 