SPORTINL. The annual meeting of the Carrick Racing Club will be held at the Selby Hotel on Tuesday, October 24, at 3 p.m. Moscow gave a further taste of his quality at Epsom on Friday, when he won the M ordialloc Handicap, one mile and three furlongs, in a common canter, and his chance in the Caulfield Cup with Gat 1llb is now considered by many a first class one. Donation was given another public trial for the Caulfield Cup in yester day's race, but Moscow beat him like a hack, Donation, as at Maribyrnong, run ning very unkindly. Sternchaser's absence from the tracks is caused by something more serious than was at first suspected. His feet are said to be the seat of the trouble. The son of Musket, who was backed on Wednesday evening for the Melbourne Cup, is now at a long price for the two miles race. His lameness is now considered to be so serious that bookmakers on Monday were pre. pared to lay almost any price against him. J5, who strained himself on Thursday, is also in a bad way. Mr J. C. O'Donnell has latterly gained some celebrity as an amateur rider, several races being won by him in rather good style. His reputation as a horseman, how ever, received a blow yesterday as a result of his riding of Epping in the Hunters' Steeplechase at Epsom. There were only four starters in the race, and a shade of odds and even money were laid on Epping, whose rider took matters so easily until the last half mile that Epping had not the ghost of a chance of winning. The gelding has plenty of pace, but when it came to giving Namesake and Banker nearly a furlong start in the last half mile, Epping, as might be expected, was quite unequal to the task of catching them. He finished a bad last. Ladas, winner of the Middle-park Plate, is following in the footsteps of Isinglass, who won the race last year. Isinglass had not previously been beaten, and neither has Ladas, whose previous victories were in the Epsom Woodcote Stakes, the Ascot Coven try Stakes, and the Doncaster Champagne Stakes. Ladas is pretty certain to be the winter favourite for the Derby, and it remains to be seen whether he can equal the three-year-old record of Isinglass. Illuminata, the dam of Ladas, is by Roi. crucian from Paradfi, by Blair Athol. Sunshine is not expected to come over for the Caulfield Cup,200 to 1 being effered against him for the V.A.T.C. event at the Viclorian Club on Saturday night. The Melbourne Cup candidate Mahee I ran second to Affiance in the October Handicap at Bosehill on Saturday. Mahee, who is a three-year-old colt by Martini Henri from Tamarisk, by Chester, has 6st 111b in the two-mile race. Climsx, another Cup horse, started in the same race as \- Mahee, but ran unplaced. Trenchant did not start at Rosehill on 1 Saturday as expected. The Derby colt will probably be in Melbourne in a day or two. The sympathy of the sporting community was with the executive of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club when it became known I cn Saturday morning that inspection of the caulfield course had made it evident that r racing was cut of the question. TLe popu lar heath possesses a remarkable power of a absorption, and racing has frequently taken place thereon after a rainfall which would a have render, d it impossible on less a favoured courses. The heavy and continu 7 ous downpour of Friday night and Satur day morning, however, fell upon ground \- already well soaked by rain earlier in the f week,and long before middsy the course and e enclosures were swamped, the committee o being reluctantly compollcd to postpone e the decision of the Guineas day programme a until to-day. y The following are the various tips given I by some of the leading sporting scribes in connection with the opening of the i. V.A.T.C.race meeting to-day at Cau fi.ld: - y "Javelin' in the Age selects the following : d -Caulfield Stakes, Vakeel; Hurdle Race, e Whitefoot; Caulfield Guineas, Delaware; First Steeplechase, Mungo; Debutant r, S takes,Nelly Bly; Toorak Handicap,Eureka. t "Asmadeus" in the Leader anticipates .s as follow :-Caulfield Stakes, Brockleigh 1, g Malvolio 2, Fortunatus 3. Hurdle Race, e Butcher Boy 1, Patrician 2, Neli 3. Caul field Guineas, Patron; Steeplechase, Knight of the Garter 1, Mikado II. 2, Ardee 3. D)ebutant Stakes, Athala I, Eiridsforde 2, Forward 3. 'loorak Handicap, Garcon 1, Moscow 2, Sainfoin or Scrip 3. 