ENGLISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS? From the latest English files to hand we take the .follpwing interesting items ; — Tho rocont oyclono in tho West Indies caused 1000 deaths. A "giants b'urial-gronnd" has been discovered in Heligoland. The World's Fair is expected' to show a loss of nearly threo millions sterling. A bolt' worn by tho ox-Empress Eogonio just b of ore tho war of 1870 fotohod 750f. at an auction sold in Franco. Tbero is a rumor that the 13-year-old Qaecn of Holland, tho nioco of tho Duohoss of Albany, has boon betrothed. Tho Marquis of Buto has sont £800 to tho Seaman's Institute; Cardiff, in com memoration of his birthday. A father was fined for removing his child from Tendon to Gloucester whilo it was suffering from scarlatina. Ono of tho latost liivontiqna is a ohoira- plast, a contrivance which imparts manual dexterity to musicians and typewriters. A Notts farmor was fined for f ooting gamo on Sundays. An ancient Act for bids" killing or taking gamo on Sunday or Christmas Day." A ruffian who barbarously troatod two aged womon near Cork was discovered in a cave, and, becoming desperate; had to be lassooed. Tho last lineal dcscondont of Daniel Dofoe, author ot " Robinson Crusoe," is said to bo an approAtico at sea. His father is an outdoor pauper at Chelmsford. Madamo Antoinette Sterling told an interviewer that, although in New Zealand hundreds of miles distant, whon her husband died in Adelaide, she distincty saw him como into her room and tenderly ombraco her. Two applications for the Queen's bounty have boon modo within a -week. In both cases tho parontw arc poor, and tbo six infants — threo boys in one instance and threo girls in the other— are alive and woll. Tho London General Omnibus Com pany aro reducing the penoy faro to one naif tbo distance. Tno conductors of pirate 'bussoB, seeing their opportunity, aro running' "all the'way" for a penny. Tho fine snmmor has rrovod a rich harvest for ommbus8G8. . . Tho Amorioan President has rocoived a State heirloom from tho Snltao, in tho form of a modal sre with diamonds, in commemoration of tho dOOth anniversary of the discovery j£ America. Ploughing with dynamite fired by eleotrioity is b jing resorted to in Amorica. Holes are drilled two or three feet apart,' and in tho erplosion the soil is loosened to the depth oE a yard. ' Mr. Coxoter.'a cloth manufacturer, who has just died at Newbury, onco won a £1000 wager by producing a coat between snnrise and sunset, the wool for whioh was growing on tho shoop's back tbo same morning. Two womon aro charged in Bohomia with the wholosale murder of infants._ Tho mothers, principally of the domostio servant class, travelled long distances, and left their babies, it being well understood that they wero to be done away with. The chargo was firo florins. A Bedford woman visited London to see about some property. During tbo re turn journey sho fell asleep in tbo railway carriage. On waking and finding tbo train had passed tho station, sho jumped out, and falling, both hor feot wcro cut r .A Cambridge professor reports tbe dis- the fruit of tVdllaWTRHmr»uV''Hatea. tended for tbo use of tho King's mother, tho instructions oemg ruu m. Thunderstorms and torrential rams caused groat loss of life in Spain. At Villaeanas where tho people livo in oavo dwellings, numbers of women and child ren were drowned in .their primitive abodes. The caves aro cut out or the hill side, and consist of a kitchen and sleeping apartment. Some ono declares that ghosts still, haunt Hampton Court Palace. Doors, it is stated, opon and shut to ghostly fingers, and seme rooms rosound to ghostly revelry in tho small hours of tho ' morning. These restless vagrant spirits aro said to includo two of Henry VTII.'fi wives— Jano Seymour and Annie Boloyn.' At Blackburn, twin sisters, who re sided together, applied for votes as joint tenants of a dwelling-house. It was de cided by tho party agonts that only one should havo a vote, but then tho question arose, whioh was tho older P As no one. not oven' the sisters themselves, # coum satisfactorily answer the question, it':wos deoided by tho Revising Barrister that both were entitled to a vote. Princess Augusta of Bavana, aged 19, fell in love with a young Lieutenant. Tho match was unacceptable to tho Royal parents, end in the hopo that the Princess would overcome hor passion tho young officer was banished to a far-off garnson. The Princess, however; fell ill and pined, and her father has at lost been constrained to coDBont to tbo union of the two lovers. The Queen having commanded _ tho Danish artist Professor Tuxen, to paint a picture of the ceremony at tho wedding of the Duko of York, ho is now in Copon- hagen' ongogod upon the portraits of tho King and Queen of "Denmark and tho Princess of Wales. The moment ' ohoson for tho representation is ' tho -pronouncing of tho Bonodietion by tho Arohbishop, whilo tho bridal couplo ore uneeiing do- fore tho altar. It is told of Mr. Farnham, station- master at Takoloy, who has just diod, that, when the Prince of Wales arrived at tho station on a visit to Lord Brooke, ho bo- oame soparated from tho- rest of tho puty. Not knowing tho Prince, Mr. Farnham promptly demanded his ticket, and do; cfinod to allow him to pass tho barrier unless ho produced a tiekot or furnished his namo and addross. Tho Prince, without disGlosing'his identity, oxplamed that ho bolonged to Lord Brookos party. Tbo firing of guns on Saturday, Sep tember 10, proclaimed tho Cherokee torn- tory, Arkansas, freo to tho first comers. Thore was a mad scamper of 100,000 pcoplo who had assembled" on tho frontier. Somo- wore on horaos. otuers ra vouimua, mnny on bioyolos, and multitndos on foot. In the rush several wore killed. Within a few hours tho land wis taken possession of,' nnd towns wero staked ont in ovory dirootion. , , A barrister nnd registrar of Croydon County Court was put into' a .wrong train at Crowo by a railway oflioml, and found himself at Warrington. To obviato a de lay of eight honrB ho took a special train to Choster, and suod tho oompany for tho cost, £-1 8«- Tho Judgo hold that tho oir- enmstaneos did not justify tho employ- moot of a special train, but gavo the plaintiff two guineas and costs, holding, thnt tho railway oompany s sorvants had been guilty of negligoneo. Parent: "This is your' -UtOdift Tommy. What can I do for you that will cause you pleasure P" Tommy i ' Spank Johnny i" 