[NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] A SENSATIONAL STORY OF LOVE AND CRIME, BY GOI2DOJST STABLES, MM)., T?.:N\ An^or of "289 E, The Story of a Double Life," "The Mystery of a Mil lionaire's Grave, &c.;, &e.; [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.] dHAJPTER XXV.-StmgMSB be ~ foeM A Sfo&M.; fLLIAM, dear/ said ClioIIy next morning, sis he scanned and criticised himself before the mirror. Yon were right last night to put away the ram. Look not npon the ram when it is rosy. Now I have just had my bath, aod I feel as young and as lively as a kit ten. Things, William, is going to go swimmingly now. And just hs this good ship, Mountain Wave, is going to carry as all safe.and sound and easy into the city of the Pacific Slope, so shall I, figuratively speaking, be borne along on that Mountain Wave the widow, and the widow's love, into the haven of peace and matrimony and live happy ever afterwards on the fruit of my labors and-the widows , 'But William,' he added, 'I have no notion of being made walk the plank, thrown overboard, you know, by Mrs. Colonel Keighly. And therefore, my friend^I most take the * precaution to chajdflpmy coat before I enter the saloonMpther evening.' ' Is she thenjflpid Frank * so very particular as iocrress.' ' Dress, dear William; no, my boy, it isn't dress that the good dowager regards so much, but she can't abear the thoughts of any other lovely cheek but her own being pressed to this manly bosom. 'Twas the face powder that done it, William.' ' Course, you don't understand, how conld you ?' But you see, there is little Rachel, she that's to be thrown into the scale as a sort of an extra. Well, she is a kind o' pigmy and out-and-outer the sweetest little parcel of goods ever I've handled. Now, Hachel has innocent babyish little ways that the dowager-duchess might'nt altogether relish, and when talking to me in the dark she may sometimes lean -her head for a mo ment-O, only for a moment, William- on my coat. And as likely as not I may-er-osculate, that is kiss her in a fatherly way. Well, ( William, that nose of the dowager's is a right smart 'nn. No, it isn't big, and it isn't her strong point, but it's active and it's useful to it's owner; only just let her have one sniff o' the face powder on your sleeve and she'll tell in a moment who the owner of the head is that was reclining there last. Jealousy in a woman proves she loves you ? Granted William. But nevertheless, if you've got face powder oil your sleeve of any particu lar brand, it's just as well to change your coat a'fore ye goes in. 'And now for a trot on deck. William, before the breakfast is down. Yon won't come. Ta ta, then.' Cholly nodded to himself again in fhft glass, and showed a fine set of per manent teeth, then off he went. Cholly felt fit as he phrased it 'fine and fit.' He bade the stewards^ good morn ing as he passed the pantry. He met Rachel <yimg tripping' down stairs showing nerpigmy foot and display ing a morsel of silk stocking, and will it be credited he caught her bat there, nobody saw it, so why should I go andtell. Somewhat, to his surprise, lie met Tilda on deck. He advanced smiling, andpolitely liftedvihis hat. * A sweet surprise, dearyounglady,' he Cholly always tried to talk his best English to Tilda and her mother. 1 Bnt what,' he ended, 'sent you aloft so early, birdie V Tilda laughed musically. i Oh!' she said,' I can see you are no sailor. jointure. Ladies don't go aloft. Even Ameri can Isdics would draw the line ait such a display. That is aloft-' She pointed to the mizzen top. ' Well* iny dear Tilda, your Cholly asks forgiveness. He meant to say upstairs.' I * No, no, that also is along-shore expression. Say, on deck not up stairs.' * Then yon must give me lessons, Miss Brighteyes.' * Put yon up to the ropes you ought to say. No, No, Mir. Harrison, mother must do that.' 4 O, you tantalising little puss, j I've a good mind to propose to you : and marry you right off the reel.' 'O, believe me, Mr. Harrison, the proposing would only be a very small part of it. But here comes my mother. Go and say good morning, never mind me. Oholly did as he was told. Mrs. Colonel Keighly stood at the top of the companion for a brief space, to recover her breath, and Oholly went to meet her, einging low to himself, * Her match Ib like a mountain wave. Her kome is on ilie deep.* 4 Good morning, lady fair. It is to be hoped that sweetest slumber visited your snowy pillow and claimed you as its own. But I need not ask, you look as fresh as the daisies on the lea, ere the morning sun has kissed the dewdrops from their crimson Hps.* _ . 4 Do be sensible, Mr. Harrison. Men people so seldom are. What a bright beautiful morning it is! O, yonder, is dear Tilda, we must go to her. You're arm, Mr. Harrison.' Cholly gave his arm as desired, and she leant very heavily on it indeed. As neither of the two of them had acquired their sea-legs, their march, along the Mountain Wave, served to impress the lounging sailors more with an extreme sense of the ridiculous, than anything in the way of admiration. ? * Jigger my eyes, Jim,' 4 Yon s a sight.' _ < She has all the airy grace of Ixruy ere, Cheese,' said the steward, who was bearing off a covered dish. ^ An' all the illigance av a barrel o buttermilk,' said Paddy O'Mulligan, who was coiling the slack of a rope. ' Jim,' cried the first speaker. 4 Fly like a good 'nn to the man at the wheel, and bid him luff a bit. Quick for your life. Skip. Jim skipped. Cholly and his protegee were now right in the centre of the ivory white deck, f»»d the ship was on a nice even keel, and as steady as a coach. Cholly gained confidence, and straightened himself up. He shifted his feet to get into step as nimbly as if he'd been a drill sergeant. Mrs. Colonel Keighly had one foot elevated, that foot seemed to claw the air for one moment, bnt it sought in vain for the the deck. The weather bulwarks rose high in air, a huge wall of water towered, curling skyward, to the lee- | side. Mrs. Colonel Keighly shrieked * lake some strong ewlmmerin bis agony. Cholly clutched wildly at vacancy, and the next moment ihese ardent lovers were lying together in the scuppers,-poor Cholly underneath, and a, stream of foaming water, rapid as a mill swept relentless over to nnhappy pflir* drenching them most effectually from head to feet. Ten were %n bed in their respective cabins, and Cholly toldW*mk hehadnev^rfeltso completely flattened out since the date of his birtfo. , 1 Breakfast, dear William, Jie a rifled,* why it is out ofthe question . I have no place to put it in. I'm ironed out, I tell you as flat as a butterfly's wing.' * Do you think that a little Moet Would help to restore your rotundity? . * Just the thing'. The gas will do it, you know. William, roa're too good for this world; there is angel written np all over yonr benign visage. William you never com mitted that murder- Hanged if you -* Frank's hand closed over his mouth and he could say no more. ' William/ he said when he re covered his breath,' I'm a fool and I'm constantly putting1 my foot in my month. Better luck. next-ah ! here comes the Moet.9 It took Mrs. Colonel Kjeighly all j the forenoon to redress and get ready j for luncheon. Undressing has been a j terrible ordeal, for the new patent! corset that Madame had been squeezed into that morning had never been built to stand immersion in saltwater. It collapsed to a fearful fearful extent, and the lady was black in the face before Rachel and the stewardess succeeded in cutting her out of the corset. There is no other way of describing the process by which they managed at last to get her clear. Bat she looked as radiant as ever, when she sailed into luncheon, and was quite willing to chaff and be chaffed about the accident. Nobody knew the real truth about it, however, though Captain Boniface strongly suspected the man at the wheel. It was evident to everbody, even to the doctor himself, that after this adventure Cholly and Mrs Keiehly became fester friends than ever. They were seldom now, if ever, apart daring the forenoon or evening. It is uni versally admitted by all who have ever sailed the seas that shipboard presents many facilities for love-making and flirtation, and without doubt the dowager duchess made the most of ir. She it was, indeed, who did moBt of the courting, iu her own sly and inimitable way, and seldom indeed did she brook Cholly out of her eight, except for that little hour after din ner. * A man must have his smoke/ she would say. 4 Go and have your pipe, Cholly; I don't forbid tobacco.' * It has come to * Cholly' now, you enow,' the fond lover told Frank. * For a long time it was *Mr Harrison.' Things is getting thicker, William. The mountain wave-I mean the duchess-is kind o' closing over my lead, and if there was a parson on >oard, blowed if I don't think she'd marry me straight away. But there was one tiling that Frank could not kelp noticing, namely, that always after coming below from hav ing his post-prandial pipe, Cholly went straight away to his cabin and changed his coat. There had been a >igmy head pillowed on his breast, and it had lain there much longer tban, considering ChollyVrelations wtfcfi the Colonel's widow, it had any business to do. About tbhf Frank considered it bis duty to rally his cabin mate one evening.<T * <-.***, f^-% y j| rX "Do you think yonr l»ehofi^ per fedbly square to 3^bb CJoloMl Keipbly ?' 4 William,' said Cholly, turning & glance of pity npon his companion^ * William, it land o' surprises me that your not a man of the world. Do yon pretend to think for the sixtieth part of a minute that the mountain wave cares two pins for Cholly Harrison, apart, William, from the vast riches in which he rolls and wallows ? ' Do you think, dear William, thai at this very moment mother and daughter aren't sitting in their cabin plotting and planning how they can marry the pair of us, while my darling pigmy, secure in the undying affection of her loving Cholly, stands dressing her lady's hair and smiling inardly. It's all a game, my William dear. Itfs all a game. But look yon dear bay, as you have a soft heart, I thought I'd soften your path in life a little. Tilda is one of the daughters of the earth, but she is fair to look upon. Now I said nothing definite to her mother about yon. But I did hint that you haven't done so badly at the diggings.' ' Well. Cholly, that's a well-meant fib for which I must forgive yon. Bat I have a love already, though, she is, alas!-* 4 Of course she must be a lass,* said Cholly. * I'm not going to encourage your levity Cholly by the ghost of a smile. My love, I say, is far away.' * Yes beyond the seas, William, and you can't stretch across, so you know you can't do better than just be civil to Tilda. My eyes) William if I ..were only free, or rich, it's the daughter and not the mum I'd sidle down to of an evening. Hanged if-' ' Stay, stay, stay. Now off to bed you go. No, never another drop/ There was really something from a woman*s point of view very taking about Frank McNaughton. Albeit his face was alway pale-for he never bronzed to brick-red hue as most travellers in tropical regions do-it was a handsome face and had a hand some profile, for it is in profile that so many other wise good-looking men fail. They look well stem on, and it is from this point of view they invariably study themselves, turning complacently away from the mirror with a smile. Not half a bad-looking fellow,' they say as they sum them selves up. (I can't wonder at the ladies falling in love with a face like that.' If, however, nine out of every ten of these self-contented coxcombs were to take a second mirror and study themselves in profile, then " They'd see themselves as others see them, And it might; from many a faultie free them." But Frank's profile was a most pleas ing one, then those dreamy poetic eves of his so often seen with that sad, far-away look in them, yet when talking in praise of some of his favourite bards, lighting iip with a fire that was startling with the burn ing words leapt to his lipB and found utterance In tones as sweet as a lullaby, were quite enough to win the heart of any ordinary girl. l am not quite certain whether or liLOt Tilda was an ordinary girL I know shl^as not so highly educated as many 'of the American girls one meets abroad. But then she was correspondingly less didactic^ and if she had not quits so mnch self-posses sion she had more heart and feeling. This is almost equivalent to saying that Tilda had fallen in love with Frank. Well, I fear she had. That was the pity of it. The awful pity of it, as events will show. For Frank had no heart to give. It is not really to be wondered at, that thrown together as these two young people were amid such romautic surroundings, one at least had learned to love. Frank had really nothing to do on board this ship, though gladly enough sometimes he would have been to help to take in sail, or set sail, or even to take his trick at the wheel. His services not being required, he did what any other man would have done, he gravitated towards Tilda. They read the poets together, and studied Browning. When they needed a change, they found it in the study of the marine fauna. And this constitutes a far greater range of study than many might believe. The Mountain Wave had been sail ing most of the time, the truth being that skipper Boniface was anxious to spare his coals for emergencies. The Bhip was three weeks from last port, and though a vast deal of progress had not been made she was now well up among the South Sea Islands: These seas teem with the tiny wonders of animal and vegetable life. Frank and Tilda had a muslin net each, and these they used to drag overboard for an hour, then meet in a quiet corner of the saloon to wash off and mount their captures. This needed very great care and caution. Often the animalcules they caught were so small as to be almost invisible until arranged by means of fine needles upon back cards. Then their beauties were indeed displayed to perfection. Tiny, tiny, transparent fish lets-I am coining a word on pur pose- strangely shaped little sea demons, with bodies that though mostly shining like silver, displayed all the colours of the rainbow ; small dreadfully diminutive beings, many of them so grotesquely hideous that had they been ten thousand times as big, as Tilda said, ihey were ugly enough to turn one to stone through perfect terror, creatures with awful eyes, with fierce, vindictive jaws, crea tures with heads out of all proportion to their bodies, creatures armed with claws, and teeth, and spines so cruel that to beings of their own they must have seemed veritable terrors of the ocean. Many of theirfinds, when viewed with an ordinary magnifying glass looked so fierce and awful that poor Tilda started and shivered with dreaa. But the vegetable life they ensnared in those nets was different entirely, microscopic ferns, and shrubs, micros copic flowers radiant with light and colour, and shape and beauty that it is impossible to describe. _ All this was semi-microscopic study but it was very delightful, and tended to draw the young foils hearts to gether in love and friendship. I say love and friendship advisedly, love on poor Tilda's sides, friendship real and true on his. , - But there were giant fauna as well as semi-microscopic to be studied. Hand in hand, as if they had been two children, Frank and Tilda roamed nn and down the the decks for an hoj®at a-tiinej fore^nd aft as well. Arid there was invariably something to be seen and to be admired. The birds for example. The beautiful and etrange piebald gulls. But whether they sailed in the air or floated drowsily on the sea's surface, always gave one the idea of immacu late cleanliness and spotless beauty, lever a feather awry, never a line or a curve out of proportion. The monster albatross - great eagle of the sea-that seemed to live but to soar on the ambient air, A bird whose very will appeared to support or to carry him with lightning rapidity along on the wings of the wind, or dead against the strongest breeze that blew. Truly a marvellous bird. And did not this eagle of the sea afford a chance to Frank to repeat from beginning to end the whole of Coleridge's weird lay of the * Ancient Mariner.' Then there were wee, pitiful Mother Carey's chickens that looked like chips of dark lightning but that always carried a glint of sunshine on their backs- apparently even when the sun was not shining at alL And the frigate bird another marine wonder who flies or soars for days and weeks without ever alighting at all, and who sleeps as he soars upon the wind. But the dark ocean itself had its formal marvels, that were startling enough at times, as when the huge black head of some marine monster with fierce big eyes was suddenly protruded from the slope of a wave , stare around like a nightmare, then once more disappear, leaving the astonished gazer to doubt whether the apparition had been real, and not a freak of imagination. One way or another the forenoons fled away with strange rapidity, and the luncheon bell always rang out loud and clear before either Frank or Tilda could tell how the time had slipped away. Happy youth. Happy hours. But a change soon came. 