One of the many difficulties besetting tho Go vernment is how, in tho face Of their desire to lessen expenditure, they can aid tho unemployed of Melbourne to drag through the wintor. . Re" trenchment is a fine, bold-sounding word, but, of course, everyone understands that it means hardship to individuals who are foroed out; of tne channels of employment in which they have been able with more or less ease to swim, and are compelled to go out into the world and compete with other labour when they hsve, by long con tinuance in one groove of occupation, become unfitted for so doing. It may lie replied tnat in the ease of civil servants thoy have their pension compensation to fall back upon, but hundreds who have joined since the passing of the Ramsay Act — about seventeen years ago — will have nothing of this kind to fall upon. If their gar- vices are dispensed with by reason of the short ening of hands, or the amalgamation of the de partments, or any other came, they will simply walk away from the official desks at which they have so long served with the residue of their month's salary in their pockets. Economy, therefore, must cause widespread suffering, and it needs a strong and remorseless Ministry to carry it into effect. We have had already two in succession that have not bad the pluck to grasp their nettle effectually. But the poverty and misery that will be created by wholesale re dactions in the public establishment,' under cir cumstances far worse. than those that existed in the days of the Berry blight, are only one phase of a very serious, difficulty. What is to beoome of the hordes of meii" who have worn their boots off walking about the streets of Melbourne for more than a year, only kept from starvation by occa- oountry, is the'ery" of"t?ie poEtlcian/but what avails it to send them to the, country in winter ? The men who were sent to -small jobs at the swamps and railway cuttings in the country hsve for the most part returned to the metropolis with' the same story— that there is little work obtainable in the country — that the farmers, par ticularly, ' cannot afford, in this season) when wheat is so low, to employ muoh hired help— and that, consequently, finding they were starv ing in the country, they thought they might just ss well return to the city and starve'there. There is a good deal of truth in the complaints of these men. . The farmer, who is necessarily the chief employer of labour in the country districts, often Bqffera from A lRck of hands.' But he wants labour skilled in his business, and ho can only afford to give employment for a short time, and still shorter when wheat is at the miserable price it has ruled at this'season. The fact is that the town-bred artisans soon find that they are un fitted for the hardships of country life and are in the position of unskilled labourers in attempting the tasks set before them. -Bring the men and the land together, is" always the panacea of the politicians, and it is a right ory, for without pro duction property must dwindle ; the only ques tion' is how, when you have brought the two to gether, are' yon to keep the man on the land; We fear there will : be no resource but for this colony to adopt the Netherlands system, ruinous and financially disastrous as that has proved, and, in settling the people on the land, provide them w'th eheiter and food for a time, at the expense. of the State, outting the expenditure down to the lowest limit of subsistence. ; It is a ruinous practice and a'wrong'prlnoiple ; yet wo fail to discover any other aourse. . And of what stamp are these,- men who. have . to be thus -assisted,' A contemporary has compiled a table —a rough eiud general classification of the fori mer occupations of the workless, which is as fol- lows ; — ' - ' ' . ' Trade. . J " No. of men. :Labourers '... - ' .... . ... : 2,000 . ; Farm Hands and Gardeners ,, ; ... 700. Carpenters ... -...'- ... ... 600 : Engineers ... :..'., ''.- . 400 . Plasterers . ... : : ...- ' '- .. -. '- '7400". 'Skilled Mechanics ... .... ! ... .? ' 350 Miners... ... . ... ; ... ' ' ... - ' '250 Clerks... ... ... .... ... 200 Bootmakers-..; ; ... ... igo Blacksmiths ... _ ..." ... J20 ;Total" ''... '?. r 5,170 :' i It is unnecessary : to remark that this computa tion does' not inoltidei all ; the workless of Mel-; bourne, who'wander. through' its streets by day and at night one by . oqe seek sqrqoaRn of'mlaery :by making their bed;in the Yarra. But looking over the list does it nob strike everyone, bow are itheso ..men bred to such differeht'occupationa to bo got to make a living by the eultivation' of the Boil 7' The problem' is a very serious one, for there is very little prospect > of the resumption ' of building activity. What is certain, in our opinion, is: that Any attempt to'plao'e the unem ployed of Melbourne on the lands of the colony -must result in failure' unless the State is pre pared hot "only 1 to . fiod : them' the soil;, but". :tqi shelter them and, feed them while teach ing them how : to cultivate ,it.> .Yet, how j'oari the State whioh proposes to , economise in 'all'dir'aofiohs'tO1 Save itself ; do this"? And' if ib' does nob, -what will be the result when iin-the winter months the rain soaks through the worn-out boots and the threadbare garments and there is "no. food to'take to the weans ab home. Will there nob be serious trouble from these long patient men walking about Melbourne— trouble sueh as the old world oitios often experienced and shuddered at. The only rempdy that seems to us possible Ib thab in constructing the new railways whioh the Government have jndioiously obtained Authorisation for, the men should be put on the third time system— that is, thab full wages sflould be paid, no contracting being al- lowed, apfl that eagh man fhould only werk one third of tho timo, drawing proportionate pay for It?? This will bo little short of starvation, bnt in any case it will be preferable to hotual starvation — or the Yarra l " That undiscovered country from whoae bourne no traveller roturna" is digousaod by the Rev H. R. Haweis in an article in the ' Fortnightly' entitled " Ghosts and their Photos," the eon-, teption beipg .that photography ijeeffis likelyf to be the medium by which the existence of, the. double or djserpbodied -spirit will-, ha proved; The author contends that humanity liaa now secured evidenoe of the: existeiiee of ghosts, on which it is entitlod to reason, and - he argues that" thero is A substratuiri of, truth about the aileged phenomena palled oooult both past and present that they obey, the same; laws and ex hibit the same .characteristics whether hinted at on Egyptian papyrus ' four thousand years ago> recorded in scripture, embedded in' the legends of Greece: or Rome, or reproduced at- a nino- toenth oentury ' sosnce' in'th'o pretfe'noe' of a ' fin de Kteole' medium." Charles Lamb, it may be remembered, had a carious idea that our in. etinctive dread of ghostly phenomena — that in- stinot whieh .makes the hair, to stand erect anfl the''flesh'rto' creep— was' a remlniacctic'eArisiqg out . of something that had happened in a pre vious past life, qnd that it might be possible that we have lived elsewhere in the past and have been reincinerated in order to bo mado suitable for earth life has been aontended by. thinkers at all periods of the .world's history! Lamb writes— How should the reoitsl of thab which' we know in a waking sonse to be false oome to Affect us at all. Or . . , , ' .Names, whose sense, we ace riot,: I Fi-ay us with the things that be not. ' Is it'that wa naturally conoeive terror from such objects considered in their capaoity of being able, to inflict upon us bodily injury ? O ! least of all ! These terrors are of older standing, j They date beyond- body, or without the body they would have been the same.:' All the cruel, tor-; menting, defined devils in Dante — tearing, mangling, choking, Atifliug? scorching demons —arc they one-half ho fearful to the spirit of a man as the simple idoa of a spirit' unemb'odied following him? That the bind of fear' here' treated of is purely spiritual, that it is strong in proportion as it: is objectless on earth, that it predominates in the: period of sinless . infancy, are difficulties, the solution of which might afford some lnsiglit -into our ante-mnndane condition and a peep st least into the shadow-land of pr"e'- existence." In these quoted passages we have two noted authors, almost equally distinguished, . endeavouring to prove that ghostly visitants may be the means of connecting ua 'with'two opposite things and of establishing a knowledge of pre-exislence, and that which cometh after death. As, .the Rev Mr Haweis puts it— V The importanoe of ghosts, if they exist, and if they are what they profess to be, is quite incalculable. They prove .that, the dead are alive, that they are interested, if only for a . time, in the affairs of the living, that although : their communications may be excep tional "and fitful, they suffice to expose the im pudent and gratuitous assumption that death is ' that bourne from whence no traveller returns.' It seems possible that by ascertaining the condi tions on whioh commnnications may beA'adand htiifi'an"" facul fy " m ay ' be acquired) and a hew source of knowledge snd power — perhaps a how world of spiritual attainment— oponod up which may raise our descendants in tlie near future as much above' us in the scale of life' as . we Are above the cave men of the past or the bushmen of the present. The specula! ive ' benefits of ghoaf cultivation are" therefore incalculable and dazzling to a degree. The practical or business applications are equally important." The author does; not demonstrate what he:. means by the busiij'esa use of a gh'oBt or the praqtical applica tion qf the family banshee, but he remorselessly tears to tatters the timid argument that to seek to explore the relations to man- of the super natural and occult is impious, and in a powerful passage he asserts— " To ascend into the air, to control the lighting, to govern stesm, to imprison sunlight, to cousorve the very voioe of the dead, even .to deaden pain by amcsthetics — one and all have been denounced ae invasions of the Divine prerogative _ and flying in the face of God, a parleying with the devil, or a diving into unlaw ful secrets; and had the idler' and the ' timidities ' and, I will add, the persecutors been heeded in the past, we should never have had. the balloon, the steam engine, the photo, graph, the phonograph, the telephone, the telegraph, or even chloroform. Thus history, that irresistible cynic, repeats herself. All great discoveries have at first been derided as ridiculous and then denounced as .impious, and lastly adopted as a matter of oourse.. Lot us, then, as we have to iearn to labour and to wait, stand firm for tho expansion of human faculty, increase, of human growth, acoession to human knowledge) arid welcome sb it cornea to ua all in tho day's work, even the silent Apparition or the gibbering ghost." It'ia evident that when clear headed Ohristian'divines.write lika this that a great impulse is about.to.be imparted to those Btudiqs to whioh:the' members of the Psyohical Research Society devote themselves, and that there is a possibility of the dwellers in the next century instead ofliving in terror of the ghosts of the past becoming on excellent terms of fel lowship with thorn and putting them to business and practical uses. 