THE STQBYTELLEB ' The Living Dead.' By W. Outeam Teisteam. II.—' A GARDENER AMONG HIS FLOWERS.' With the signs of desperate travel still clinging to them, the two rode side by side — and not a little stared at— to the 'Three Tunns' in Newgate Market. Here they dismounted from exhausted horses, and made the best of their way on foot to a large house standing iu Butchers' Row. The house was a corner one. In byegone days its walls had sheltered prosperous owners ; but the days of its prosperity had passed, and all that age now lent to it was an air of ruin without nobility. A leprous decay clung to its timber and plaster work ; its many windows were blind with dust : no faces were ever seen at them ; no light from them ever beaconed kindly hospitality regnant within. It was a dead house ; and its topmost story hung over the narrow street wickedly. Its heavy door opened cautiously to Ciptain For At midday, Maude entered the house in Butchers' Row. . tescue's gentle summons. If man or woman's hand opened it, they were not seen. The door opened as if by its own sly accord; the two travellers passed hurriedly in. Then the door slowly and cautiously closed again, and silence wrapped the strtet. This silence remained unbroken till the faint grey of dawn touched the house's topmost gables, and showed its haggard outlines against the clear pale ness of the sky. Then a side door opened noise lessly and a bent form passed quietly into the street. The form was that of a lame peddler, whose knotted black hair and beard shadowed a tanned face. His pack was slung on a hunched back. He stepped backwards into the empty street, and eyed the house, still wrapped iu its sombre 6leep, viciously. He laughed aloud — a strange, silvery, penetrating laugh, musical, but menacing. Then he turned, and went swiftly on his way. His was a strange way, A way as deep and dark as traveller ever trod in this world or the next. It was a way which ran ruthlessly over happiness blasted, homes made desolate, and bright honour, never yet stained, tarnished for ever. It was a way paved with hireling gold, and to be cemented ankle deep in young gallant blood : but it was a way which this peddler chose to take, and he took it. It led him under a brightening sky through the long lengths of Fleet-street and the Strand, past. Charing Cross, a noble monument standing in a vil lage High-street, and out into the green country beyond. A meditative figure with head bent, he limped fiercely on deep dusty roads, his downcast eyes seeing nothing but his fixed purpose, his ears closed to all sounds but terrible prompting voices within. Soon the day's life began to stir around him ; smoke rose slenderly from cottage chimneys ; other wayfarers appeared^ But on all conditions of them the effect of this lame peddler's presence was the same. At sight of the dogged determination of bis 6wift approach country girls turned aside frightened. Travellers westward bound like himself, whom he passed without seeming to see them, stopped and stared ; travellers bound London-wards, who met him face to face, gave him the whole 'road, as ' they would have done to some mad dog. Flies attracted by its immobility buzzed in clouds about his head ; some boys, bound for the hayfields, resenting a good morrow not returned, threw stones. But the lame peddler walked doggedly on, looking neither to the right hand nor to the left, but always straight in front of him, along the way which he had chosen. Finally, it led him, footsore and white with dust, into the green shelter of Barn Elms. Here he slack ened his pace for the first time, wiped the 6weat from his brow, slightly arranged his dress ; then he limped down a short avenue which led to the side entrance of a large red-brick house. Arrived at a small door, midway down a long wall which a line of fine chest nuts shadowed, the peddler took a sudden, hasty glance behind him, as if to see whether he was fol lowed ; then he knocked four times quickly, and was admitted. He was admitted into a spacious garden, full of flowers and sunshine, by a lean, pock marked man, with red hair, thin lips, and long, moist, nail-bitten fingers, which worked about his mouth nervousty. These fingers should have been a forger's ; they ex cited at first sight a marked sinking of the pulse, a symptom which their owner additionally aggravated by a dreadful slow smile. The redhaired man was convulsively studying a cypher, and looked like a vicious fox 'disturbed. The peddler, however, whose lameness had sur prisingly left him as the garden gate had closed, re mained uninconvenienced by these phenomena — from long familiarity, doubtless, for he greeted the redhaired man heartily as Mr. Phillips — said that he had come from London on vital business to see his master, and asked, therefore, to see him at once. ' Yes, Mr, Maude,' said Mr. Phillips. Without another word, he turned and led the way to the further end of the garden, smiling dreadfully at luxuriant rose trees as he passed \- them, and freely biting his nails. Mr. Maude, as he followed in the other's footsteps, disembar rassed himself slowly of his facial disguises, aud unloosened his ragged jerkin, beneath which the grey velvet of Captain Fortescue's serving-man appeared. With his fair complexion freed from walnut-stains, and a yellow lose stuck in his hair, he would have looked exactly as he looked the day 1 before wheu he followed his master so assiduously up the Dover beach. As it was, this was a snake , who had but half cast his slough. I And it was into another kind of master's pre sence that he was about to be marshalled. From '? behind a high yew hedge, at the lowest and sun n:est end of the garden, a deep melancholy voice rose and sank iu the administration of monotonous interrogatories. To these interrogatories muffled answers were returned in different voices. There was no break in this peculiar music. It was a sort 5^.. of spoken part song, iu which the choir took up the soloist instantaneously. Mr. Philiips stopped smiling, and motioned caution. ' Our gardener is among his flowers,' ?** he sa:d oililv. 'I must warn him of a further peumen's approach. ' He disappeared round the yew hedge, his bent |f| i . knees knockiug together, and his long fingers 0: furiously twitching about his mouth. In the hush gfl of the conversation which ensued, desperate as had 3? been the crises of his life, Mr. Maude himself f trembled. Was he not about to be admitted into presence of one at mere mention of whose n:i me the stoutest Catholic heart sickened ; to whose slow puritanical gaze men's faces spoke as clearly as their tongues ; in face of w hose subtle mental reservations Jesuits overreached them selves ; whose sinister system of secret service, s olf- supper ted in great measure from his own purse, had all the private papers in Europe at its command for two pistoles an order; who in a year's time was to retard ihe siilmgof the Armada for a whole year by getting the bills upon which its cost was to he raised pro tested at Genoa (the stealing of a letter from the Pope's private pocket by a Venetian j riest having brought 1o tnis great underimner's ei.r the secretest purpose of the King of Spam) ? Was it marvellous that Mr. Maude sh( uld tremble ? Spy, he was about to face his Order's Master Spir.t— pretended Jesu.t, to speak with a greater equivocator than them all. At this moment Mr. Phillips, rubbiug his hands together softly, ' reappeared from behind the yew hedge. '? Come,' he sa d. Thus invited, Mr. Maude passed round the edge, and stood at once in the presence of tlie gardener among his liowers. Theflowers, whose stored sweets had already been gathered, stood in a group, speaking in low whispers amongstthemselves. They recognised Mr. Maude as one man, and eyed him significantly. Mr. Maude returned the compliment. They were all of them personally known to him, and though one of theui was dressed as a Prote-tant clergyman, another as a gentleman of fortune, a third as a mountebank, their trade was the same. The Protestant clergyman, whose uame was Eliot, had been a servant in several Catholic families, from which he had been dis charged with disgrace. The gay satins of the gentleman of fortune concealed the identity of Slade, a former servant -in the College of Rome. The mountebank was fitly impersonated by one Mundy, a rambling stage-player, who had been relieved of his necessities when abroad, and had seen opportunity in the occa sion for making money in a new line. Each of these sworn sweaters had -been credited with successes. On Eliot's head rested the blood of Edward Campian, hung, drawn, and quartered at Tyhurn on the first of De _cember, 1581. \- The others had informed sue ;essf ully against r alph Sherwin, Luke Kirkby, Edward Rushton, Thomas Cottam,_ Henry Orton, and John Colleton— all semi nary priests. They were now resting after their labours, looked perfectly harmless and affable in their different disguises, and would have stirred ter ror in no traveller on the loneliest road in the darkest night in the world ! From this floral trinity in full bloom, Mr. Maude's eyes turned to the gardener who had grafted them. At the end of the grassplot a gaunt-figured gentle man, dressed in faded black, was bending painfully over a short rose tree. As Mr. Maude approached deferentially, this amateur gardener raised his head from his task, and showed a long, nair jw face fringed by a short, pointed, iron-grey beard and moustache, curling upwards — both raggedly dressed. His com plexion was jaundiced ; a black velvet skull cap was fixed on a high, narrow forehead, across which one ong wrinkle ran. Beneath dirk eyebrows, which his gentleman kept eternally arched in a s jrt of melancholy meditation, two large brown eyes — dull, slow-moving, heavy -lidded — seemed to see nothing of what they were fixed on. Theirs was the long gaze of introspection. Their owner held a small hoe in his right hand. The forefinger of his left hand kept a place in the pages of a well-turned Bible. He stood before a red wall flaming with crimson roses, an immobile figure in black, and contemplated his visitor calmly. He was Sir Francis Walsingham, Elizabeth's Secretary of State. 'God be with you, sir,' he said to Mr. Maude, in deep, melancholy tones. Then he directed a glance at the other distant three, which they translated in a moment. They retired precipitately with genuflexions, Mr. Phillips, this Secretary's secretary, deferentially covering their rear. Left alone with his agent, the Secretary of State appeared completely oblivious of his presence. He stirred the mould round the roots of his rose tree tenderly with his hoe aud kept silence. This silence was oppressive. It was no doubt intended to be so. But Mr. Maude was bearer of no ordinary news. In spite of this chilling reception, his heart burnt within him, and presently he suddenly burst forth : ' Sir, ' he began, ' 'twas your wish, if I err not, that I should make speed to tell you when our train was ready for the fire ! ' 'OUR train ? ' asked Walsingham. The other bit his lip, and collected himself hurriedly. He recognised the position of this artist — responsible for nothing, forwarding all. ' When my train is ready for the fire ! Sir, that hour has come ! I have travelled a grievous way to tell you tbat it has. I have travelled at risk of my life.' 'And verily you will have your reward,' said Walsingham. Then, as if to correct the gleam of cupidity which shone iu Mr. Maude's eye, he went on weightily: — 'Not alone in this world, whose (.-old perisheth and is corrupt ; b'lt in that life to i ome, whose treasure is indeed incorruptible, abiding for ever ; though to purblind eyes unseen ! Ahem ! ' A long nasal snuifle rounded this exordium, delivered in the stooped posture of a busy gardener at work. Then, without looking up, he changed his tone and said drily : ' Our silken priest, in soldier's habit, has arrived then?' ' I rode with him from Dover yesterday.' Walsingham let his hoe fall slowly on a worm crawling at full length beneath the rose bush. Its ? divided body wriggled iu horrible contortions. ' He is welcome,' he said. Then, looking round, for the first time noticing the absence of a guest expected : ' But you have not brought him with -An agitated sleep convulsed the silken priest in the soldier's habit. It appeared to have struck him down suddenlv, before he could rise from the table still spread with the frugal remains of the over-night's meal. A trlass, half emptied, stoocl by his side.— ^ Chapter TTT. you, this Mr. Ballard. Yet, if my memory slips not, he was once of our Court — ahem ! — in his unre generate days— eh ? Ahem ! ' Ballard had indeed, at an earlier period of his mission, entered the ranks of this Secret Service, whose agente swarmed in eve^y Jesuit College iu Europe. But iu his attempts to sound this Secretary's secrets, he had found hitfcself one of those many equivocators outmatched here at t heir own weapons. 'Sir,' said Maude, 'Mr. Ballard dreams not that I am with you.' ' Meseems he sleeps sound, this Mr. Ballard r ' ' Sir. he sleeps till I wake him.' Wa'singham smiled slowly. 'We will give him yet sounder sleep,' he said, 'at conclusion of his labours. We have in store for liira, it may he, a night draught which never faileth.' Maude did not seem sceptical as to this. He had seen the Secretary of State's night draught in action at Tyburn and elsewhere. He bowed, and waited further interrogatories. Walsingham's was a presence in which, after a time, silence was felt to be golden. . Walsingham, for his part, appeared to be reflect ing. ' So you rode with this Ballard from Dover yester day ? ' he said at last, dreamily. ' Truly, sir ; and ride with him to Derbyshire to-morrow.' ' To Mr. Anthony Babington's, at Dethick ? ' 'I was so about to tell you, sir.' ' Doubtless ! Brain no more ostlers then on the Queen's high road ! ' He paused for a moment, and divided one half of the worm, which still wriggled at his feet, carefully. While doing so he enjoyed Maude's astonishment at the rapidity with which all news reached this ccntre. Then he went on. 'He is a likely personage, is Mr. Anthony BaLington, so report rumours — keeps friends about him likely, too.' Suddenly he let fall his hoe, clasped his hands to gether, and turned his eyes up to heaven. 'O, England, England, my country.' he cried, ' in how hast thou so offended Most High Heaven ! That in those most promising of thy sons, in those most deli cately nurtured, most tenderly born at thy bosom, Satan finds agents fittest to hold the knife to thy heart. Verily not for nought art thou scourged, most sinful country. Verily not for nought art thou scourged. Some hidden sin's visitation is this sword that so threatens — some shameful secret — to be made manifest some day ; but known as yet to the Most High!' The abruptness of this pious outburst, the wild enthusiasm with which it was spoken, the abandon ment — almost grotesque — of the speaker's staid per sonality, the twitching lips, strained hands, the yellow whites, sole signs apparently visible of this far- seeing statesman's profound vision, threw Maude off his guard. He smiled. He, too, had his shame ful secret, portentous, unrevealed. Suddenly he stood petrified. The smile died on his lips, as a faint quivering about the yellowish whites of Walsingham's eyes proclaimed that his upturned gaze was not solely directed to the heavens. Maude felt himself under observation at the very moment when fancied security had removed a veil. He I trembled. There was a silence— so intense for a moment that, to the agent's ear, the cry of grass hopper in a flower bed became painful. When this silence had strained to the pitch of being unendurable, Walsingham turned his glance earth wards again, and descended both in speech and bearing from his pious pedestal. ' Kuow'st thou this Anthony Babington?' he saiH, shortly. 'I, sir ! * I have seen him but once, and for an in stant.' ' Take heed then,' said Walsingham, ' when he looks at thee ! For the fabled power of the en chanter seems descended, report says, on this youth, whose aspect is mild and gracious, whose counte nance is of extraordinary beauty, and whose fine eyes draw friends' hearts to him and his purposes, even as a- loadstone. TTis company is infectious, men say. Take heed of him ! Take' heed o him ! For Atropos prepareth already to sever his life's thin thread. Ay! And his friends, infatuated and un godly, share hi6 fate.' Mr. Maude, at these strange words, looked troubled iu spite of a prolonged effort at composure. ' I do not understand, sir,' he said. ' I go with Mr. Ballard to be Mr. Babington's guest, in order ( Continued on page 1124.) that I may report'liis do!iigs and his friends to you. I go as an agent whom you have abundantly trusted, and who hasgiven you no cau6e to regret your trust. Why I should follow Mr. Babington's friends' ex ample and become slave to his charms I know not! I would crave a reason, sir, humbly.'' Sir Francis walsingham advanced slowly to where his agent was standing. He let his dull, dreamy, unspeculative glance faii upon him. This glance was like lead. Its heavy calculations should have plumbed depths unsounded. Depths in this instance it indeed plumbed. He stretched his long forefinger out slowly, and pressed it upon Mr. Maude's left breast. Au involuntary shudder convulsed Mr. Maude.- Sir Francis Walsingham studied this symp tom as a surgeon might some wound he was probing. A slow smile fixed itself upon his lips. ' Beware ! ' he said. III.— 'THREE HUNTERS HABBOTTR A STAG.' Maude went back to London as he had come — a hunchbacked peddler, tramping doggedly on dusty roads, noticed by many, recognised by none. At midday he re-entered the house in Butchers' How. Tlie June sun flamed upon its projecting gables, only to throw into stronger relief its timberand plaster's leprous decay. No life stirred about the place. A dead house at night— in daylight it was a dead house still. Maude was sick with fatigue. His fragile form had already accomplished prodigies, and the reaction came upon him fiercely as he closed the house's side door behind him. He staggered, and leant heavily against the passage wall, panting. But the furies whi;h rioted within him conquered this collapse. He nerved trembling limbs and restrained distressed breathing, aud slipped up steep stairs to a small upper room, where he put oft the lame peddler. He washed the stains from his face, put on a grey jerkin, scrupulously dressed his curling black hair, fixed a fresh yellow rose behind his left ear, and ad justed his feathered cap rakishly. He was Captain Fortes cue's serving man again. No one had seen him leave the house— 110 one had seen him enter it. With a bustling step now, he strode down to the lower room, giving good morning by the way to a deaf old woman who stirred late, and acted as sole caretaker; then — calm, cool, and collected, as if just risen from a prolonged rest— he stood by Mr. Ballard's side. An agitated sleep convulsed the siiken priest in this soldier's habit. 1 1 appeared to have struck him down suddenly before he could rise from the table still spread with the frugal remains of the overnight's meal. A glass halt-emptied stood by his side. Mr. Maude took up this half-empt:ed glass, smiling the slow smile of the poisoner. He looked at it curi ously, smelt it, then emptied it, washed it carefully, and replaced it by the sleeping man's side. Mr. Ballard, meanwhile, lay back in an armchair, his face working convulsively, and great drops of perspiration standing upon his brow. Now and again his parched lips moved imploringly ; and, in a sort of dreadful despair, he repeatedly made the sign of the Cross. It was not till Mr. Maude tad three or four times shaken him roughly that he awoke ; and then he started to his feet, with trembling hands tearing at his collar, and with eyes fixed in an agonised stare as if at some unseen horror above. ' Parce mih:e Domine Jesu ! ' he cried, piteously. Maud 6miled. The smile was of kindred, kind to the one which had wreathed his lip so significantly on the Dover-road. ..He laid his white hand ou the still dazed priest's Bhoulder. ' Come Father, come ! ' he said, pleasantly. ' We are not at Tyburn yet.' Mr. Ballard shuddered. Then he rose to his feet, and paced the room without speaking. But for some momenta his step, usually so firm, w andered, and his face remained blanched with the terror of bis dream. A burning thirst, moreover, parched him ; a dreadful singing throbbed in his ears ; aud he saw nimly as one does on recovering from a swoon. He rcized upon a jar of water which stood by the table, and drank a deep draught. Then he eyed Maude keenly. 'May I never sleep more,' he said, 'if to sleep means so to dream.' He put his hands to his heart, and then looked at them in a strange, shrinking, dazed sort of way, as j it he half expeoted to see them blood-staiued. j Maude smiled the same smile again at this gesture. ' You have slept twelve hours notwithstanding,' he said. ' How !? ! 2 Is it midday ? By this we should have been well on our road into Derbyshire ! Why woke you me not at dawn, Maude, as I desired ? ' ' Father, you needed rest. It misliked me to disturb you. * Your sleep seemed to me so sweet.' Once more Mr. Ballard shuddered. ' My dreams were bitter,' he said ; then going on in the accents of a sort of stem self-reproach, ' but I deserved their .sting, Maude, for what has soldier, so dedicated as myself, to do with sleej) ? ' ' The most untiring must some day rest.' ' Rest ! cried Mr. Ballard with a sigh, and a wan, upward glance of longing, before which the heaven of his faith opened its inestimable treasures ; ' rest ! ' ITe cried. 'The only true rest will come to me at- last, and tbe time it may be is not far dis tant. But the great work has yet to be done that may gain it! Much ljas to be endured, Maude, before that— that bletsed day may dawn! Weari ness, my son, aud bitter wayfarings arid sorrow. And it may be torment and death ! ' '* ' The Blessed Virgin forfend,' said Maude. Mr. Ballaid, for answer, fell on his knees and prayed. Mr. Maude, also on his knees, watched with con fused feelings which he could not fathom, but which had iu them something of superstitious fear, the fierce outpourings of this soiil of iron as he sought Heaven's assistance for a work which Maude had already doomed. The cruel irony of life struck this accursed spy's blunted sense so profoundly that for a moment he even felt moved to relent.' A blind impulse se-zed him to tell all : to show himself in his true colotiis : to reveal the dire vista of this journey now being consecrated ; to he human— to be pitiful' for once 1 But if the 'birth of such feelings .ip such* hearts be rare, their life also is transient, . The seven-' devils whtch possessed this agent wer¬ to be so easily-cast out. Mr. Ballard's prayer ended sud denly.' Mr. Maude was still Mr. Maude when he, too, rose from his knees. Within an hour the two, riding side by side, silent, but inseparable as ever, were on their road into Derbyshire. . i . But, though the very flower of his purpose was to be plucked at this journey's tnd, no such fiery-speed marked Mr. Ballard's passage nortliwards as tbat which astounded town, tower, and hamlet on the long reaches of the Dover-road. It was perhaps this very nearness to bis design which made hiui cloak his emotion under the semblance of leisurely trave1. This soldier of fortune on' furlough and his spruce serving- man, aflame as both were with the fire of dreadful intentions, moved northwards moderately ; inned for the night at most frequent houses : the ssrving-man extremely attentive, with a sort of sirained attention, almost, to his master, but very respectfully keeping his place ; his master bearing himself as temperately as a Low Country captain might ; brusquely civil to fellow-travellers on the road ; decently restive at the board ; with a good story of adventure always ready to flavour the wice ! cup, and a soldier's glance properly appreciative of chambermaids' neat ankles. So these two travelled. Captain Fortescue riding leisurely forward, with his serving-man always closely pressing to his side : popular with most people — suspected by none ; till on the evening of the fourth day the gables of the Peacock Inn at Wing field shone against the sunset. Here they alighted. At fight of the familiar scene Ballard's mind went back to the incident of the year before. He recalled hopes then expressed for the triumph of the Catholic Cause, now so suddenly to be accomplished. His heait burned within him. But he remained out wardly cairn, and desired the landlord to show him to a private room. Mr. Maude, having performed that part of his outward duty which lay in seeing the horses comfort ably quartered, hastened to report the event to his master. He found him closeted with another soldier, red bearded, fiery-eyed, red-faced, whose brazen looks, harsh voice, and defiant manner gave mere evidence perhaps of long companionship with hard service than was to be noticed in Captain Fortescue's gentle manly enthnpiftprn. The stranger's claim to soldier's title was real, and had been gained on desperate fields uuder the Duke of Parma. Mr. Maude eyed him suspiciously. He knew the man. But his master had not prepared him for the meeting. He mis trusted this secretiveness. Mr. Ballard, however, appeared completely at his ease. 'This is Mr. Savage,' he said, 'who was the first to take this great deed upon him, as I have before advised you !' '* Mr. Maude and myself are already acquainted,' said Savage. ' By report,' said Mr. Maude. Mr. Savage turned on his heel. ' By report,' he echoed, and spat on the flcor. The words were tpoken disdainfully, and the action .whiih followed tbem did not inspire con fidence. Mr. Maude put his hand on his sword softly. Tbe other, however, appeared neither to notice nor to care what men thought of his actions. A sort of brutal desperation breathed from him. He strode to the door, opened it, looked out, as if to satisfy himself against eavesdroppers, then closed it again, and swaggered up to Mr. Ballard. 'By God, sir,' he said, 'this politic delay of yours in the deliverance of this 'suffering realm heaves my heart up ! Months since, under Dr. Gifirord'p directions at Rheiros, I, John Savage, took this deed upon my sole shoulders. By you have I been put back from it on the plea of surer ways to be discovered. Time passes, and nothing is accom plished. I have waited for you here these three days. I have a mind to post Londouwards myself oh the instant and put end to the business.' Such determination shoiie in the man's speech and gesture that Maude trembled for the miscarriage of his plan. The access of his share of it demanded no such precipitancy. He looked at Mr. Ballard misgivingly. But he had no cause for fear. Iu the presence of the real soldier Mr. Ballard put off the soldier's habits. He became the silken priest— resolute as steel, as unbreakable, but in manner pliant and polished. ' The enthusiasm natural to the moment,' he said, softly, ' and, indeed, inseparable from it, ex cuses in my eyes such rash ebullitions as these. They are, however, to be avoided, leading, as they surely do — as events have so repeatedly demonstrated— to the failure of schemes the most maturely planned, and thence to the quartering- block at Tyburn. No one, Mr. Savage, doubts your zeal in this business ; nor-, so far as I am aware, does any one deny that you first took it upon yourself. The question is not one of your intention, but of your capacity, unaided, to carry that intention safely into effect. Of this ? point heads, perhaps, sir, more politic than yours, have thought tit to be doubtful ; and, in such case, a little more self -restraint might perhaps become you in the presence of your spiritual superior.' This rebuke was delivered with an e;tsv fluency, an extreme politeness, and a delicate irony which barbed every sentence, and sent the lesson intended to be conveyed by it straight to the hearer's heart. Mr. (savage's brutal effrontery left him ; his bold glance drooped before Mr. Ballard's steady gaze. ' What is to be done, sir ?' he asked. ' We will dine first, at your good pleasure,' an swered Mr. Ballard, calmly, ' for Mr. Maude here and myself have been for hours in saddle.' Then, 'when Mr. Savage had returned from given the sug gested order, Mr. Ballard Eaid to him, quietly: ' Has Mr. Savage during his three days' sojourn here— which I am sorry to have so prolonged — made it his business to discover the shortest road to Mr. Anthony Babington's at Dethick r ' ' I know the road blindfoJd.' ' That is well,' said Mr. Ballard ; 'we will ride there after dinner.' The three sat down to a dish of trout from the Amber, a capon, and a flask of tine claret, leserved solely by a Catholic landlord for palates profoundly orthodox. Ab they did so a slovenly-dressed, country looking gentleman delivered a sealed letter into Mr. Anthony Babington's hands ns-lie was pacing the smooth sward of the bowling-green of his house at Dethick, three miles away, his fair head bent in a sort of melancholy dejection, his fine eyes fixed dream ingly on a long view of swelling hills, sunset-lighted, and waving purple woods, above which rooks stooped .cawiqg, and green fields along which lengthening shadows lingered. ... . Mr. Babington no longer resembled the tranced horseman of the year before. A year's lapse had -tinged his life with soberer coloiirs. Before leaving for France Mr. Ballard had sent him word that great events might be expected, and also a cipher for future use. But lie had heard nothing further since, and the motive power which to his ears had lent vague hope significance had gradually lost its strength. Cir cumstances which even to his sanguine enthusiasm seemed insurmountable had parted him for ever from the object of his blind worship. The Queen of Scots was no longer a respectfully guarded guest at Wing field, Chatsworth, or Buxton, enjoying that amount of liberty which permitted to her blind adorer a sight, however transient, of the supreme object of his strange passion, but a close prisoner at Chartley Manor House, under the lock and key of ameie Leicestrian, whose precise Puritanism winked at no peccadilloes. The great spiritual passion of a Dante can alone flame unfed. And in tre wild ecstasy of adoration which had bound youtig Bib ngton a tranced captive in the long train of victims to Mary Stuart's terrible beauty an eartlilier fire burned. A moment's glimpse of her between long absences sent his blood rioting. Through the length of mad lonely rides by moonlight, by sunset, over ways wheh she might have trod, through scenery which her eyes must have dwelt upon, maddening memories of her strange physical beauly hurt his brain. The warm pressure of her long white fingers still seared his hands. A subtle perl'ume from litr gloves, a perfume peculiarly hers, intoxicated him. Sudden visions presented themselves cf her swift walk ; of her figure's easy sway from the waist; of the beau tiful Wild smile as of some witch which transfigured her pale face suddenly ; of the long-lidded eyes, now melting, now shining wickedly like strange jewels. No strayed reveller smitten by the goddess roamed more fiercely over the moonlighted slopes of Cithajron than Anthony Babington did over the green hills about his Derbyshire home when memo ries 6uch as these stung him to madness. Then, indeed, he was the fanatic who would have impaled himself, smiling ; a zealot who would have walked through fire for a smile. But now that he had been so long parted from the cause, the madness gradually left him. Mary Stuart lived in his memory, indeed, as his lawful Sovereign treacherously held in bonds, for whose cause all true Catholic swords should start from their scabbards at her least sign ; yet that other side of his devotion to her— that bidden side, which, un noticed as it remains, informed chivalry with real force — began slowly to die out. A marriage, arranged though it was for fortune's sake, helped to smother it. A child was born, and the flame dwindled lower. But, faint as it was, the fire smouldered still, ready at a moment's notice to burst out. That moment was come. As Babington, with a curiosity scarcely roused, took this letter which the loutish-looking country gentleman handed to him, a strange, a terrible per fume diffused itself. Babington's brain reeled. His whole blocd surged upwards at this scent, which annihilated a year's lapse in a moment, and brought 11 m once more into communion with the pa-sion of his life. White as a ghost, he plucked at the fasten ings with trembling fingers. The letter was in cipher. The cipher sent to him by Ballard was now to be used. Babington sank on to a garden bench. For a space he was unable to possess himself of his treasure from sheer excitement. His eyes reeled so in his head that he could see nothing : his hands trembled, as if an ague-fit held him. Then painfully, with the cipher's aid, he read the following lines, brief, com monplace, matter of fact, but whose terrible iufluence was to set a tragedy in action : — Tkusty and AVell-ISei.oved,— This is not to assure you of our faith in your fidelity to ourselves, of which we have proof abundant ;' but to give you note that we have heard from our servant Morpan, from Paris, that your thoughts are still of us, and wait opportunity solely to fructify in deeds. Know as well that this new channel opened for correspondence is assured, of which the bearer will more fully acquaint you.— From Chartley, this day of June, Ma n v, the Queen. To the most distinguished Catholic, Master Anthony Ba bington, at his house at Dethick. For some moments after reading it Babington stood staring, astounded at this letter, clasped in both hands, as dazed to all surroundings as might some buccaneer who, after traversing subterranean passages, overcoming unheard-of obstacles, and faint with despair and fatigue, found himself sud denly, at a corridor's turn, alone aud living in the inexhaustible treasure -trove of Peru ! Presently he recovered himself slightly, and from the letter, which he still held clasped, his eye passed to the bearer. ' And you, 6ir— who are recommended to me in this letter,' he said, 'who are you ?' The young man, who was dressed simply as a country squire, and looked a loutish specimen of his class, replied simply that he was Thomas Twiffen, master of a neighbouring estate of Brockley, some 12 miles distant, which Babiugton knew by name. Mr. Twiffen fuitlier alleged that, in the morning of that day, a Catholic neighbour, resident 12 miles from him, gave him tho packet, telling him no more than that it was of supreme importance to the cause, which was all that his neighbour had been told by a third Catholic.squire who had brought it to the neighbour. That no doubt a line of ccmmunica tion had be?n so opened to Dethick from wherever the letter came from. Furthermore the young squire was unable to depone. He was, however, glad that a matter of supreme importance to the cause had led him to thus make the acquaintance of Mr. Babing ton, of whose cry of Stophounds ! he had often heard. Would he ride over and see his one day ? He, Mr. Twiffen, brewed excellent home-beer— or, rather, his housekeeper did. He was obliged, but at the moment he would uot try a glass of Mr. Babing ton's — having somewhat exceeded himself after a day's fishing the night before. Meanwhile, Mr. Babington might understand that any answer to tlie delivered letter might be safely entrusted sealed into his (Mr. TwiffeuV, bauds, when he would carry it to his neighbour, aud his neighbour's neighbour would carry it forward. Which explanations given, he paid his adieux clumsily, aud lurched off, attended by Babington to his horse. Feverishly Babington returned to the garden. Desperation sat upon him. Was he not in truth be witched? — a doomed man, after a brief respite, stricken again by the goddess ? Subtle, mysterious essences breathed from the letter clenched in his hand, mounted to his brain, intoxicated him. Magic was in the a;r. Everywhere, in the moonlight's Bilver sheen flooding wood and dale, in the deepest depths of the garden's verdurous gloom, impalpable presences floated. The air was alive. Pale faces, wreathed in mystic smiles, peered at him; white tapering fingers, clogged with strange jewel?, beckoned him forlornly to some fantastic goal : from bush and briar the metallic gleam of sinning eyes allured ; everywhere in this garden, heavy with the roses' scent, visible memories of his mistress's beauty riotously thronged. Venus herself was in posses Three mjtion' ess figures ftjcd silent .'n the mo jnligat. s'on ! Venus in ruff and farthingale, with gold crucifix hanging from her Waist, and a missal in her pale hands, but as death -dealing in this guise as any goddess of Greek's frenzied vision rising ungirdle'd from tbe sea. As faster and faster his braiu's riotous creations swarmed upon him. tbe mystic side of Babington's passion mingled itself with his rel gious enthusiasm, and found vent in one rapturous excla mation in which love became faith. 'Mary!' he cried— his hands stretched forth, his haggard face turned upwards to the moonlight — ' Mary ! Adored ! Sacred ! White Rose of our Holy Church! Queen of thy slave's humblest homage ! Whatever thou biddest me I will do ! For thy sake I will walk through fire ! Command me only that thou may'st prove my devotion ! Test me now to the bitterest uttermost, now— even now — that thou may'st assure thyself of my faith There came, as if in answer to his delirium, a sudden, soft, muffled kuocking at the garden's side gate. It was so soft, so deprecating, this knocking, that the enthusiast supposed at first that it was fancied ; but as it continued almost without ceasing, but always as soft, muffled, aud deprecating as knocking could be, Babington went suddenly to the door, and opened it. Three motionless figures stood silent iu the moon - light. ( To be continued .) 