Gh.ost Story. Sir B>. Owen and the Negro's Head. A correspondent of the London Daily tfeuit writes: — Sir Riohard Owon has two remarkable ghost stories, whioh it was a high privilege to hear him relate. The ono about to be recorded here was, .perhaps, 'tho better of the two ; hut its quality can scarcely be judged of when detaohed from tho peculiarly expressivo stylo the old professor had, whioh added a aharm to' his tolling of the story. In his early days, when he hold tho post of surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died in the gaol, and a post mortem m well as an inquest was nooessary. After the inquest the young surgeon saw the body put in tho coffin, and the lid screwed down, to he ready for tho funeral noxt day. Owed hod at the timo been, already attraoted to tho study of comparative anatomy, and negroes' hoods were not plentiful ; so he mado up his mind phot this ono should not he lost to the oanso of soience. In the ovoning he returned to the prison .with a blaok bag con taining a briok— from his official position he bad no difficulty in getting admittance to the mortuary, whore tho coffin-lid was . unRorewed, and screwed down again. During this process the briok and the nogro'a head ahanged places. Hie ground outside the.prinoipal entrance to tho gaol boa. a considerable doscont; and, tho time being winter, with snow and frost, ,Owen had soaroely passed out whon ho slipped and foil all his length — the .hag wont from Iris hand, \- and the head tumbled out, and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up, oaught tho bag, and, following tho head, clutched it just as it finished its career in a small shop where tobaooo was sold. . Pushing it into the bag again, ho vanished out of the shop with off tho speod ho was oanablo of. Next morning, whon Owen was going to his usual duties at tho prison, ho was edlloa in by tho woman at the shop where the aooident had coourrod on the previous evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was vory ill. Ho had had, she said, a fright the night before that had eauBod him to look wild and dazed like. Tbo man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who kid been in many adventures among tho "West India Islands, when many deeds woro dono that did not at that time require to bo accounted for. Among those hod been tho killing of a nogro in whiohhe had. a hand, and tho transaction had left a touch of troublo on his consoienoo. After giving these details the old captain told of tho orriblo ovont that took place tho night boforo. He was eitting in hie shop, all was quiet, and it so olianood that he had been thinking of tho negro, when suddenly ho saw his very head roll into tho shop in front of the oountor, audit was followed by tbo dovil, nil In blaok, with a black bag in his hand. Tho dovil snatohed up tho hona, and both disappeared through tho earth liko a flash of lightning. The description was porbaps not qnito complimentary to tho young anatomist, but it was satisfactory bo far that it showed that his idontity had not beon recognised. ' 