THE STORYTELLJEB MONTEZTTMA'S DAUGHTER. By H. EIDEE HAGGABD, Author of ' She,' ' Allan Quartermain,' ' King Solomon's Mines,' 'Mr. Meeson's Will,' &c;, &c.; COPTEIGHTED, 1893, BY H. ElDEE HaGGABD. Chapteb XXI.— THE KISS OF LOVE. Presently there was a sound of music, and, ac companied by certain artists, my pages entered, bearing with them apparel more gorgeous than any that I had worn hitherto. First, the pages having stripped me of my robes, the artists painted all my body in hideous designs of red and white and blue till I resembled a flag, not even sparing my face and lips, which they coloured with car mine hues. Over my heart also they drew a scarlet ring1 wita mucn care and measurement. Then they did up my hair, that now hung upon my shoulders, after the fashion in which it was worn by generals among the Indians, tying it on the top of my head with an embroidered ribbon, red in colour, and placed a plume of cock's feathers above it. Next, having arrayed my body in gor geous vestments, not unlike those used by popish ' Oto:nie.' I whispered, ' lieten to me. I love you, Otomie.' Now I saw her breast heave beneath the bands and the colour come upon her brow. ' Then I am repaid,' she answered and our lips clung together in a kiss, the first and, as we thought, the last. Yes, there we kiBBed, on the stone of sacrifice, baneath the knife of the priest and the shadow of death, and, if there has beea a stranger love-scene in the world, I have never heard its story. — Chapteb XXL priests at the celebration of the mass, they set golden earrings in my ears, golden bracelets on my wrists and ankles, and round my neck a collar of priceless emeralds. On my breast also they hung a great gem that gleamed like moonlit water, and beneath my chin a false beard made from pink eea-hells. Then, having twined me round with wreaths of flowers till I thought of the maypole on Bungay Common, they rested from their labours, filled with admiration at their handiwork. Now the music sounded again, and they gave me two lutes, one of which I must hold in either hand, and conducted me to the great hall of the palace. Here a number of people of rank were gathered, all dressed in festal attire, and here also, on a dais to which I was led, stood my four wives, clad in the rich dresses of the four goddesses Xochi, Xilo, Atla, and Clixto, after whom they were named for the days of their wifehood, Atla being the Princess Otomie. When I had taken my place upon the dais, my wives came forward one by one, and kissing me on the brow, offered me sweetmeats and meal-cakes in golden platters, and cocoa and mescal in golden cups. Of the mescal I drank, for it is a spirit, and I needed inward comfort ; but the other dainties I could not touch. These ceremonies being finished, there was silence for a while, till presently a band of filthy priests entered at the far end of .the chamber, clad in their scarlet sacrificial robes. Blood was on them everywhere ; their long locks were matted with it, their.hands were red with it, even their fierce eyes seemed full of it. They advanced up the chamber till they stood before the dais ; then suddenly the head priest lifted up his hands, crying aloud : ' Adore the immortal god. ye people ! ' and all those gathered tb;re prostrated themselves shouting : ' We adore the god.' Thrice the priest cried aloud, and thrice they answered him thus, prostrating themselves at every answer. Then they rose again, and the priest addressed me, 6aying : 'Forgive us, O Tezcat, that we cannot honour you as it is meet, for our sovereign should have been here to worship you with us. But you know, 0 Tezcat, how sore is the strait of your servants, who must wage war in their own city against those who blaspheme you and your brother gods. You know that our beloved emperor lies wounded, a prisoner in their unholy hands. When we have gratified your longing to pass beyond the skie=, O Tezcat, and when in your earthly person you bave taught us the lesson that human prosperity is but a shadow which flees away, in memory of our love for you intercede for us, we beseech you, that we may smite these wicked ones, and honour you and them by the rits of their own sacrifice. O Tezcat, you have dwelt with us but a little while, and now you will not suffer that we hold you longer from your glory, for your eyes have longed to see this happy day, and it is come at last. We have loved yon, Tezcat, and ministered to you ; grant in re turn that we may see you in your splendour, we who are your little children ; and till we come watch weU over our earthly welfare, and that of the people among whom you have deigned to sojourn.' Having spoken some such words as these, that at times could f carcely be heard because of the sobbing of the people and of my wives, who wept loudly, except Otomie alone, this villainous priest made a sign, and once more the music sounded. Then he and his band placed themselves about me, my wives, the goddesses, going before and after, and led me down the hall and on to the gateways of the palace, which were thrown wide for us to pass. Looking round me with a stony wonder — for in this my last hour nothing reemed. to escape my notice — I saw that a strange play was being played about us. Some hundreds of paces away the attack on the palace of Axa, where the Spa niards were entrenched, raged with fury. Bandg of warriors were attempting to scale the walls, and being driven back by the deadly fire of the Spaniards and the pikes and clubs of their Tlasca lan allies, while from the roofs of euch of the neighbouring houses as remained unburned— and more especially from the platform of the great teocalli, on which I must presently give up the ghost — arrows, javelins, and stones were poured by thousands into the courtyards and outer works of the Spanish quarters. Five hundred yards away or so raged this struggle to the death ; but about me, around the gates of Montezuma's palace on the higher side of the square, was a different scene. Here were gathered a vast crowd \- -among them many women and children — wait- ing to see me die. They came with flowers in their hands, with the sound of music and joyous cries ; and when they saw me they set up such a shout of we!c3me that it almo3t drowned the thunder of the guns and the angry roar of battle. Now and again an ill-aimed cannon-ball would plough through them, killing some and wounding others ; but the rest took no heed, only crying the more, ' Welcome, Tezcat, and farewell. Bless ings on you, our deliverer, welcome and fare well ! ' We went slowly through the press, treading on a path of flowers, till we came across the court yard to the base of the pyramid. Here at the outer gate there was a halt because of the multi tude of the people, and while we waited a warrior thrust his war through the crowd and bowed before me. Glancing up, I saw that it was G-uatemoe. '?Teule,' he whispered to me, 'I leave my charge yonder,' and he nodded towards the force who strove to break away into the palace of Asa, ' to bid you farewell. Doubtless we shall meet again ere long. Believe me, Teule, I would have hslpsd you if I could, but it cannot be. I wish that I might change places with you ! My friend, farewell. Twice yon have saved my life, but yours I cannot save.' ' Farewell, Groatemoc,' I answered; 'Heaven prosper yon. for you are a true man.' Then we passed on. At the foot of the pyramid the procession was formed, and here one of my wives bade me adieu after weeping on my neck, though I did not weep on hers. Now, the road to the summit of the teocalli winds round and round the pjj^mid, ever mounting higher as it winds ; and along this road we went in solemn state. At each torn we halted, and another wife bade me a last good-bye or one of my instruments of music, which I did not grieve to see the last of, or some article of my strange attire, was taken from me. At length, after an hour's march — for our progress was slow — we reached the flat top of the pyramid that is ap proached by a great stair, a space larger than the area of the churchyard here at Ditchingham, and unfenced at its lofty edge. Here on tins dizzy place stood the temples of Huitzel and of Tezcat, soaring structures of stone and wood, within . which were placed the horrid effigies of the gods I and dreadful chambers stained with sacrifice. Here, too, were the holy fires that burned eternally, the sacrificial stones, the implements of torment, and the huge drum of snakes' skins ; but for the rest the spot was bare. It was bare but not empty, for on that side of it which looked towards the Spanish quarters were stationed some hundreds of men who hurled mis siles into their camp without ceasing. On the other side also were gathered a concourse of priests awaiting the ceremony of my death. Below the great square, fringed round with burnt-out houses, was crowded with thousands of people, some of them engaged in combat with the Spaniards, but the larger part collected there to witness my murder. Now we reach the top of the pyramid, two hours before midday, for there were still many rites to be carried out ere the moment of sacrifice. First, I wa,s led into the sanctuary of Tezcat, the god whose name I bore. Here was his statue or idol, fashioned in black marble and covered with golden ornaments. In the hand of this idol was a shield of burnished gold, on which its jewelled eyes were fixed, reading there, as his priests fabled, all that passed upon the earth he had erf ated. Before him also was a plate of gold, which, with muttering invo nations, the head priest cleansed as I watched, rubbing it with his long and matted locks. This done he held it to my lips that I might breathe on it, and I turned faint and sick, for I knew that it was being made ready to receive the heart which I felt beating in my breast. _„_ Now what further ceremonies were to b6 carried out in this unholy place I do not know, format -that moment a great tumult arose in the «$aare be neath, and I was hurried from the sanctuary by the priests. Then I perceived this: galled to madness by the storm of missiles rained upon them from its crest, the Spaniards were attacking the teocalli. Already they were pouring across the courtyard in large companies, led by Cortes him self, . and with them came many hundreds of their allies, the Tlascalans. On the other hand some thousands of the Aztecs were rushing to the foot of the first stairway to give the white men battle there. Five minutes passed, and the fight grew fierce. Again and again, covered by the fire of the arquebusiers, the Spaniards charged the Az tecs, but, their horses slipping upon the stone pavement, at length they dismounted and con tinued the fray on foot. Slowly and with great slaughter the Indians were pushed back, and the Spaniards gained a footing on the first stairway. But hundreds of warriors still crowded the lofty winding road, and hundreds more held the top, and it was plain that, if the Spaniards won through at all, the task would be a hard one. Still, a fierce hope smote me like a blow when I eaw {Continued on page 552.) ?what was toward. If the Spaniards took the Temple, there would be no tsacrifice. No sacrifice could be offered till midday, so Otomie had told me, and that Jwas not for hard upon two hours. It came to thie,: *^en : ^ tne Spaniards were vic torious within-two hours, there was a chance of life for me ; if not;' I must die. Now, when I was led out of the sanctuary of Tezcat I wondered because the Princess Otomie, or, rather, the goddess Atia, as she was then called, was standing among the chief priests and disputing with them, for I had seen her bow her head at the door of the holy place, and thought that it was in token of farewell, seeing that she w;is the last of the four women to leave me. Of what she disputed 1 could not hear because of ihe; din of battle, but the argument was keen, and it seemed to me that the priests were somewhat dis mayed at ; her words, and yet had a fierce joy in ; them. It appeared also that she won her cause, for presently they bowed in obeisance to her, and, turning slowly, she swept to my side with a peculiar majesty of gait that even then I noted. Glancing up at her face also, I saw that it was alight as though with a great and holy purpose, and, moreover, tliat she looked like some happy bride passing to her husband's arms. ' Why are you not erone, Otoniie ?' I said. 'Now it is too late. The Spaniards surround the teocalli, and you will be killed or taken prisoner.' 'I await the end, whatever it maybe,1' she answered briefly, and we spoke no more for a while, but watched the progress of the fray, which was fierce indeed. Grimly the Aztec warriors fought before the symbols of their gods, and in the sight of the vast concourse of the people who crowded the square beneath, and stared at the struggle in silence. They hurled themsslves upon the Spanish swords, they gripped the Spaniards with their hands and screaming with rage dragged them to the steep sides of the roadway, purposing to cast them over. Some times they succeeded, and a ball of men clinging together would roll down the slope, and be dashed to pieces on the stone flooring of the courtyard, a Spaniard being in the centre of the ball. But do what they would,- like eome vast and writhing snake, still the long array of Teules, clad in their, glit tering mail; ploughed its way upward through the storm ofjtgpiesrs and arrows. Minute by minute and step by step they crept on, fighting as men fight who know the fate that awaits the desecrators of the gods of Anahuacj fighting for life and honour, and. safety from the 6tone ofr. sacrifice. Thus an hour^went by, and the Spaniards were half way up the pyramid. Louder and louder grew the fearful sounds of battle ; the Spaniards cheered and called on their patron saints to aid them, the Aztecs yelled like wild beasts, their priests screamed invocations to their gods and cries of encouragement to the warriors, while above all rose the rattle of the arquebusses, the roar of the .cannon, and the- fearful note of. the great drum of snake's skin on which a half -naked priest beat madly. Only the multitude below' never moved or shouted. They stood silent,', gazing upwards, and I could eee the Bunlight' flash on the thousands of their staring eyes. Now all this while I was standing near the stone of sacrifice with Otomie at my side. Round ? me were a ring of priests, and over the stone was fixed a square. of blactcloth supported upon., four poles, which were set in sockets in the pavement. In the centre of this black cloth was sewn a golden funnel measuring Gin. or so across at its mouth, and the sunbeams passing through this funnel fell in a bright patch, the size of an apple, upon the space of pavement that was .shaded by the cloth. As the sun moved in the heavens, so did this ring of light creep across the shadow till at length it climbed the stone of sacrifice and lay upon its edge. Then, at a sign from the head -priest, his ministers laid hold of me and plucked what were left of my fine clothes from me as cruel boys pluck a living bird, till I stood naked except for the paint upon my body and a cloth about my loins. Now I knew that my hour had come, and, strange to tell, for the first time this day courage entered into me, and I rejoiced to think that soon I should have done with my tormentors. Turning to Otomie, I began to bid ner farewell in a clear voice, when to my amaze I saw that as I had been served so she was being served, for her splendid robes were torn off her, and ehe stood before me arrayed in nothing except her beauty, her flowing hair, and a cotton smock. ' Do not wonder, Teule,' she said in a low voice, answering the. question my tongue refused to frame, ' I am your wife, and yonder is our marriage-bed, the first and last. Though you do not love me, to-day I die your death and at your side, as I have the right to do. I could not save you, Teule, but at least I can die with you.' At the moment I made no answer, for I was stricken silent by my wonder, and before I cou'd find my tongue the priests had cast me down, aud for the second time I lay upon the stone of doom. As they held me a yell fiercer and longer than any which had gone before told that the Spaniards had got foot upon the last stair of the ascent. Scarcely had my body been set upon the centre of the great stone when that of Otomie was laid beside it, bo close that our sides touched, for I must lie in the middle of the stone, and there was no great place for her . Then the moment of sacri fice not being come, the priests made us fast with cords, which they knotted to copper rings in the pavement, and turned to watch the progress of the fray. . 1 or some minutes we lay thus side by side, and as we lay a great wonder and gratitude grew in my heart — wonder that a woman could be so brave, gratitude for the love she gave me, sealing it with her lifeblood. Because Otomie loved me she had chosen this fearful death, because she loved me so well that she desired to fie thus at my side ratherthan to live on in greatness and honour without me. - Of a sudden, in a moment, while I thought of this marvel, a new light shone upon my heart, and it was changed towards her. I felt that no woman could ever be so dear to me as this glorious woman — no, not even my betrothed: I felt— nay, who can say what I did feel? But I know this, that the tears rushed to my eyes and ran down my painted face, and I turned-my head - to look at her. She was lying as much upon her, left side as her bands would allow ; her long hair fell from the stone to the paving, where it lay in masses, and her face was towards me. So close was it indeed that there was not an inch between our lips. ' Otomie,' I ?whispered, ' listen to me. I love you, Otomie.' Now 1 saw her breast heave beneath the bands and the colour come upon her brow. 'Then I am repaid,' she answered, aud our lips clung together in a kiss, the first, and, as we thought, the last. Yes, there we kissed, on the stone of sacrifice, beneath the knife of the priest aud the'shadow of death, and, if there has been a stranger love-scene in the world, I have never heard its story. -:Oh! I am repaicY' she said again; 'I would erladly die a score of deaths to win this moment ; iiieed, I pray that I may die before you take -? back your words. For, Teule. I know well that t lere is one who h dearer , to you than I am ; but now your heart is softened by the faithfulness of an Indian girl, and you think that you love her. Let me die, then, believing that the dream is true.' ' Talk not so,'' I answered heavily, for even at that moment the memory of Lily came into my ' mind. 'You give your life for me, and Hove ?: you for it.' - ' My life is nothing, and your love is mush,' she answered, smiling. ' Ah ! Teule, what magic have you that you can bring me, Monte z ami's daughter, to the altar of sacrifice and of my own free will Y Well, I desire no softer bed, and for the why aud wherefore it will soon be kaown by both of us, and with it many other things.' Cjiaptee XXII.— THE TRIUMPH OF THE CROSS. 'Otomie,' I said presently, ' when will they kill us?' ' When the point of light lies within the ring that is painted over your heart,' she answered-. Now I turned my head from her, and looked at the sunbeam which pierced the shadow above us '-like a gulden pencil. It rested at my side about T^ix, inches from me, and I reckoned that it would lie in the scarlet ring painted on my breast within some fifteen minutes. Meanwhile the clamour j of battle grew louder and nearer. Shifting myself so far as the cords would allow, I strained my head upwards and saw that the Spaniards had gained the crest of the pyramid, since the battle now raged upon its edge ; and I have rarely seen so terrible a fight, for the Aztecs fought with the fury of despair, thinking little of their own lives if they could only bring a Spaniard to his deatib . But, for the most part, thejr rude weapons would not pierce the coats of mail,:so that there remained only one way to compass their desire,; namely, by casting the white men over the edge of the teocalli, to^ be crushed like eggshells upon the pavement 200 feet below. : Thus the fray broke itself up into groups of foes,, who rent and tore ht each other upon the brink of the pyramid, now' and again to vanish down its side, ten or twelve of them together. Some of the priests also joined in the fight, thinking less of their own deaths than of the desecration of their temples, foT~i saw one of them, a man of huge strength and stature, seize a Spanish soldier round the middle and leap with him into space. Still, though very slowly, the Spaniards and Tlascalans forced their way towards the centre of the plat _ form ; and as they came, the danger of this dread ful end grew. less, for the Aztecs must drag them -?further. Now the fight drew near to the stone of . sacrifice, and all who remained alive of the Aztecs, perhaps some two hundred and fifty of them, be sides the priests, ringed themselves round us and ?it in a circle. Also, the outer rim of the sunbeam . that fell through the golden funnel, creeping- on ? remorselessly, touched my painted side, which it seemed to burn as hot iron might ; for, alas ! I could not command the sun to stand still while the battle raged, as did Joshua in the Valley of Ajalon. When it touched me, five priests seized my limbs and head, and the father of them, he who had conducted me from the palace, clasped his flint knife in both hands. Now a deathly sickness took me and I shut my eyeB, dreaming that all was done ; but at that moment I heard a wild-eyed man, the chief of the astronomers, whom I had noted standing by, call out to the minister of death: ' Not yet, O priest of Tezcat. If you smite before the sunbeam lies upon the victim's heart, your gods are doomed, and doomed are the people of Anahuac.' The priest gnashed his teeth with rage, and glared first at the creeping point of light and then over his shoulder at the advancing battle. Slowly the ring of warriors cloBed in upon us ; slowly 'the golden ray crept up my breast till its outer'rim touched the red circle painted upon my heart. Again the priest heaved up his awful knife, again I shut my eyes, and again I heard the shrill scream of the' astronomer, 'Not yet, not yet, or your gods are doomed ! ' Then I heard another sound. It was the voice of Ofcomie crying for help. 'Save tw, Teules ; they murder us,' ishe shrieked in so piercing a note that it reached the : ears of the Spaniards, for one shouted in answer . and in the Castilian tongue, ' On, my comrades, on ! The dogs do murder on their altars ! ' Then there was a mighty rush, and the defend 1 lg Aztecs were swept in upon the altar, lifting tie priest of sacrifice from his feet and throwing him across my body. Thrice _that rueh came like a rush of the sea, and each time the stand of the Aztecs weakened. Now their circle was broken, ' and the swords of the Spaniards flashed up on every side, and now the red ray lay within the ring upon my heart. ' Smite, priest of Tezcat,' screamed the voice of the astronomer ; ' smite home for the glory of your gods.' With a fearful yell the priest lifted the koite ; I saw Che golden sunbeam that rested full upon my heart shine on it. Then, as it 'was descending, I saw the same sunbeam shine upon a yard of steel that flashed across me and lost itself in the breast of the murderer priest. Down came the great flint knife, but its aim was lost. It struck indeed, but not upon my heart, iJioUgh I did not escape, it altogether. Full upon the altar of sacrifice it fell, and was shattered there, piercing between my side and. that of Otomie, and gashing the flesh of both so that our blood was mingled upon the stone, making us one indeed. Down, too, came the priest across our bodies for the second time, but to rise no more, for he writhed dying on those he would have slain. Then, as in a dream, I heard, the wail of the astronomer sing ing the dirge of the gods of Anahuac. ' The priest is dead and his gods are fallen 3 ' he cried. ' Tezcat has rejected his victim and is fallen 2 doomed are the gods of Anahuac ! Victory is to the Cross of the Christians ! ' Thus he wailed ; then came the sound of sword blows, and I knew that the prophet was dead also. Now a strong arm. pulled the dying priest from off us, and he staggered back 611 he fell over the altar where the eternal fire borne?, quenching it with his blood and body after it had flared for many generations, and a knife cut the rope that bound us. I sat up, staring round me wildly, and a voice spoke above me in Castilian : not to me, indeed, but some comrade. ' These two wtnt near to it, poor devils,' said the voise. ' Had my cut been one second later, that savage would have drilled a hole in him as big as my head. By all the saints ! the girl is lovely, or would be if she were washed. I shall bep her of Cortes as my prize.' The voics fpoke, and I knew the vjice. None other ever had that hard, clear ring. -I knew it even then, and looked up, slipping off the death - stons as I looked. Now, I saw. Before me, fully clad in mail, was my enemy De Garcia. It was his sword that, by the good providence of God, had pierce! the breast of the priest. He had saved ae who, had he known, would as soon have turned his steel against his own heart as on that of. my destroyer. I gazed at him, wondering if I dreamed ; then my lips spoke, without my will as it were ? 'De Garcia!' He staggered back at the sound of my voice like a man struck by a shot, then stared at me, rubbed his eyes with his hand, and stared again. Now at length he knew me through my paint. ' Mother of God ! ' he gasped, ' it is that knave Thomas Wingfield, and I have saved his life !' By this time my sense had come back to me ; and, knowing all my . folly, I turned, seeking escape. But De Garcia had no mind to suffer this. Lifting his sword, he sprang at me with a beastlike scream of rage and hate. Swiftly as thought I slipped round the stone of sacrifice, and after me came the uplifted sword of my enemy. It would have overtaken me soon enough, for I was weak with fear and fasting, and my limbs were cramped with bands ; but at that moment a cavalier whom, by his dress and port, I guessed to be none other than Cortes himself struck up De Garcia's sword, saying : 'How now, Sarceda? Are you mad with the lust of blood that you would take to sacrificing victims like an Indian priest ? Let the poor devil go?' ' He is no Indian, he is an English spy,' cried De Garcia, and once more struggled to get at me. ' Decidedly our friend is mad,' said Cortes, scanning me ; 'he says that this poor creature is an Englishman. Come, be off both of you, or somebody else may make the same mistake ; ' and he waved his sword in token to us to go, deeming that I could not understand his words, then added angrily, as De Garcia, speechless with rage, made a new attempt to get at me : ' ' No, by Heaven ! I will not suffer it. We are Christians and come to save victims, not to slay them. Here, comrades, hold thi6 fool who would stain his soul with murder.' Now the Spaniards clutched De Gareia by the arms, and he cursed and raved at them, for, as I have said, his rage was that of a beast rather than of a man. But I stood bewildered, not knowing whither to fly. Fortunate it was for me indeed that one was by who, though she understood, no Spanish, yet had a quicker wit. For while I stood thus, Otomie clasped my hand, and, whispering, ' Fly, fly swiftly !' led me away from the stone of sacrifice. 'Whither shall we fly?' I said at length. ' Were it not better to trust to the mercy of the Spaniards?' ' To the mercy of that man-devil with the sword?' she answered. ' Peace, Teule, and follow me.' Now she led me on, and the Spaniards let us go unharmed ; aye, and even spoke words of pity as we passed, for they knew that we were victims snatched from sacrifice. Indeed, when a certain brute, a Tlascalan Indian, rushed at us, purposing to slay us with a club, one of the Spaniards ran him through the shoulder, so that he fell wounded to the pavement. So we went on, and at the edge of the pyramid we glanced back and saw that De Garcia had broken from thosa who he'd him, or, perchance, he had found his tongue and explained the truth to them. At the least, he was bounding from the altar of sacrifice, nearly fifty yards away, and coming towards us with uplifted sword. Then fear gave us strength, and we fled like the wind. Along the steep path we rushed side by side, leaping down the steps and over the hundreds of dead and dying, only pausing now and again to save ourselves from being smitten into space by the bodies of the priests whom the Spaniards were hurling from the crest of the teocalli. Once, look ing up, I caught sight of De Garcia pursuing far \- above us, but after that we saw him no more ; doubtless he wearied of the chase, or feared to fall into the hands of such of .the Aztec warriors as still clustered round the foot of the pyramid. We had lived through many dangers that day, the Princess Otomie and I, but one more awaited ub before ever we found shelter for a while. After we had reached the foot of the pyramid and turned to mingle -with the terrified rabble that surged and' flowed through the courtyard of the temple, bear ing away the dead and wounded as the sea at fljpd reclaims its waste and wreckage, a noise like thunder caught my ear. I looked up, for the sound came from above, and saw a huge mass bounding down the steep side of the pyramid. Even then I . knew it again ; it was- the idol of the god Tezcat that the Spaniards had torn, from its shrine, and, like an avenging demon, it rushed straight on to me. Already it was upon us — there was no re treat from instant death ; we had but escaped sacrifice to the spirit of the god to be crushed to powder bema^h the bulk of his marble emblem. On he came, while on high the Spaniards shouted in triumph. His base had struck the stone side of the pyramid fifty leet above' us ; now he whirled round and round in the air, to strike again within three paces of where we stood. I felt the solid mountain shake beneath the blow ; and next in stant the air was filled with huge fragments of marble, that whizzed over us and post us as though a mine of powder bad been fired beneath our feet, tearing the rocks from their base. The god Tezcat had burst into a score of pieces, and these fell round us like a flight of arrows, and yet we were not touched. My head was grazed by bis head, his feet dug a pit -before my feet ; but I stood there unhurt ; the false god had no power over the victim who had escaped him ! After that I remember nothing till I found my self once more in my apartments in Montezuma's palace, which I never hoped to see again. Otomie was by me, and she brought me water to wash the paint from my body and the blood from niy wound, which, leaving her own untended, she dressed skilfully, for the cut of the priest's knife was deep and I had bled much. Also, she'telothed her self afresh in a white robe, and brought me raiment to wear, with food and drink, and I partook of them. Then I bade her eat something herself, and when she had done so I gathered my wits together and spoke to her. ' What next?' I said. 'Presently the priests will be on us, and we shall be dragged back to sacrifice. There is no hope for me here ; I must fly to the Spm'ards, and trust to their mercv.' ' To the mercy of that man with the sword ? Say, Teule, who is he ?'. ' He is that Spaniard of whom I have spoken to you, Otomie ; he is my mortal enemy, whom I hive followed across the seas.' 'And now you would put yourse'f into his power. Truly, you are foolish, Teule.' ' It is better to fall into the hands of Christian men than into the hands of your priests,' I answered. 'Have no fear,' she slid; 'the priests are harmless for you. You have escaped them, and there's an end. Few' have ever come alive from their clutches before, and he who does so is . a wizard indeed. For the rest I think that your God is stronger than our god, for surely He must have cast his mantle over us when we lay yonder on the stone. Ah, Teule ! to what have you brought me that I should live to doubt my gods — . aye, and to call upon the foes of my country for succour in your need. Believe me, I had not done it for my own sake, since I would have died with your kiss upon my lips, and your word of love echoing in my ears', who now must1 live knowing that these joys have passed from me.' ' How so ?' I answered. ' What I have said, I have said. Otomie, you would have died with me, and you saved my life by your wit in calling on the Spaniards. Henceforth it is yours, for there is no other woman in the world so tender and so brave ; and I say it again, Otomie, my wife, I love you. Our blood has mingled on the stone of sacrifice, and there we kissed ; let these be our marriage rites. Perchance I have not long1 to live, but till I die I am yours, Otomie, my wife.' Thus I spoke from the f ullness of my heart, for my strength and courage were shattered ; horror and loneliness had taken hold of me. But two things were left to me in the world — my trust in Providence and the love of this woman who had dared so much for me. Therefore I forgot my troth, and clung to her as a child clings to its mother. Doubtless it was wrong, but I will be bold to say that few men so placed would have acted otherwise. Moreover, I could not take back the fateful words that I had spoken on the stone of sacrifice. When I said them I was expecting deith indeed ; but to renounce them now that its shadow was lifted from me, if only for a little while, would have been the act of a coward. For good or evil I had given myself to Montezuma's daughter, and I must abide by it or be .shame3. Still, such was the nobleness of this Indian lady that even then she would not take me at my word For a little while she stood, smiling sadly, and drawing a lock of her long hair through the hollow of her hand. Then she spoke : ' You are not yourself, Teule, and I should be base indeed if I made so solemn a compact with one who -does not know what he sells. Yonder, on the altar, and in a moment of death, you said that you loved me, and doubtless it was true. But now you have come back to life, and say, lord, who set that golden ring upon your hand, and what is written in. its circle ? Yet even if the words are true that you have spoken, and you love me a little, there is one across the sea whom you love better. That I could bear, for my heart is fixed on you alone among men, and at the least you would be kind to me, and I should move in the sunlight of your presence. But having- known the light, I cannot live to wander in the darkness. You do not understand. I will tell you what I feir. I fear that if — if we were wted,, you would weary of me as men do, and that memory wcu'd grow too strong for you. Then by-and-b/ it might be possible for you to find your way bic'i across the waters to your own land and your own love, and so you would desert me, Teule. This is what I could not bear, Teule. I can forego you now —aye, and remain your friend. But I cannot be put aside like a dancing-girl, the companion of a month— I, Montezuma's daughter, a lady of my . own land. Should you wed me, it must be for my life, Teule, and that is, perhaps, more than you would wish to promise, though you could kiss me on yonder stone and there is blood-fellowship be tween us ;' and she glanced at the red stain in the linen robe that covered the wound upon her side. ' And now, Teule, I leave you awhile, that I may find Guatemoc, ? if he still live?, and others whe, 'now that the strength of the priests is shattered, have power to protect you and advance you 1 3 honour. Think then on all that I have said, And be not hasty to decide. Or would you make an end at once, and fly to the white men if I can find a means of escape ?' ' I am too weary to fly anywhere, ' I answered, ' even if I could. Moreover, I forget. My enemy is among the Spaniard?, he whom I have sworn to kill ; therefore his friends are my foes, and hs foes are my friends. I will not fly,' Otomie.' 'There you are wise,' she said, 'for if you come among the Teules that man will murder you; by fair means or foul he will murder you within a day; I saw it in his eyes. Now rest while I seek^your safety, if there is any safety in this bloodstained land.' (To be eonlinutd.) 