In Death's Valley. Death Valley is known as the region of the lowest depression in the world, besides claiming the flattering appellation of being the hottest place on earth. It is also 430 feet below the level of the sea. The valley is 75 miles long, and from eight to 15 miles wide. On the east the valley is bounded by the Funeral Mountains, which attain an elevation from 6000ft. to 8000ft., and on the west it is enclosed by the Pana mint Range, which reaches a height of from 8000ft. to 10,000ft. We arrive at the entrance or level of Death Valley, and at this point we saw for the first time a sandstorm. When we saw it the northern part of the valley was obscured in a brown ish-coloured cloud, which gradually thinned out until it crossed the entire valley. Never at any moment did it entirely ob scure the sun, which looked like a ghost of itself. The cloud moved with great velo city in our direction, and soon advance runners or hot puffs of wind reached us. On arriving at the end of Furnace Creek wash, we saw the sandstorm in the north ern part of the valley. This was shortly after sunrise. The entire horizon and sky were obscured by the sand and gravel, which were bouyed in an atmosphere op pressively hot and stifling. Soon we were enveloped by a dense cloud of sand, and occasionally as a stronger puff of wind came gravel and even small rocks were hurled in our faces. "We covered our heads with blankets, and the mules instinctively turned their tails to the wind. With all these'precautions, we did not escape, for my guide's face and my own became badly bruised and lacerated. Jn our exposed po sition we experienced all the fury of this desert simoon, and as the wind travelled across the alkali sink they increased in heat to such an extent that breathing became a matter of difficulty. This storm lasted two days, and in all this time it was impossible to move from our position. We had to camp here for that period, being unable to light any fires or prepare meals. Most of this time we were covered with blanket?, and literally starved. I never want to undergo that ordeal again. This was in the fall. The puffs of the wind were so intensely hot and suffocating that they can be likened to blasts from a fur nace, and seemed to draw the very breath from our bodies. The stormed piled the sand around our waggon and covered everything. Occasionally looking down into the valley, we could see a large sand auger or spout waltzing hither and thither over the country, carrying the sand and alkali dust high into the air. Though this storm was exceedingly severe to a novice like myself, it is incomparable to the ones that sweep over ths country in middle summer. In July or August, with the thermometer registering from 130 to 137 degrees in the shade, it would be impos sible for any living creature to exist in it even for an hour. After having passed safely through this sandstorm, we con tinued our journey, and I made a thorough inspection of the vfilley. There is much of interest to be tola, but, owing to the ab sence of much of my data and sta tistics, I would not venture to give you a description of our observations, as many of them are based on scientific examina tions and tests. —San Francisco Chronicle. 