3tem§>\of interest. | On of ^iemany uses to which paper is now put l ^that of making gas pipes. Manilla paper is cat in strips equalling in ■width tihe length of the pipe to be made. These are passed through & vessel filled with melted asphalte, and then wrapped firmly and unifonnly round an iron core, ontil the required thickness is attained. The pipe is then subjected te powerful pressure, after which the outside is strewn over with Band and the whole cooled In water. The core is then removed, and the outside of the pipe coated with a waterproof composition. These pipes are claimed to be perfectly gastight, and are said to be much cheaper than iron pipes. Some German scientists have recently fur nished information in regard to the ages of trees. They assign to the pine tree 500 to 700 years as the maximum, 425 years to the iilver fir, 275 years to the larch, 245 years to the red beech, 210 to the aspen, 200 to the birch, 170 to the ash, and 145 to the alder,; and 130 to the dm. The heart of the oak - begins to rot at about the age of about 300 years. The holly oak alone escapesthis law, it is said, auS there is in existence near Asehaffenburg, in Germany, 3 tree of this> kind which has attained the age of 410 years. - There ts a cnurch in the town of Bergen,' Norway, that is built entirely of paper.; It San seat 1,000 persons in comfort, and has; been rendered waterproof by a solution of quicklime, curdled milk, and white of egg. , : Careful scientific investigations show that the average speed of the transmission o£ ! earthquake chocks is nearly 16,000 feet per second. The following warning to suicides is exhi bited in the province of Montenegro:—"All persons who take their, lives are to be declared dishonourable. Their coipses are to: be strung to gallows. in view of the public, for twenty-four hours. Suicide is tmworthy. of a Montenegrin. God alone has , power over a man's life, which dare be sacrificed only on the battlefield, in defence-of his country." . The Chinese nave an elaborate1 syi bem for the.infcerpretation of dreafna. To tie whipped1 by a. god or devil they reSgftrd as eitretfiely-' anlucky, while to enter a temple and see' the gods moving about is considered lucky.1 To dreaua of fighting with wandering ghosts' means that tine will live to an old age. Salvation Army's expressive description of a week's work ab Leeds'" Indescrib able times ; united consecration ; six spuls: Victory!" Seals, when basking, place one of their' lumber on guard to give the alarm in base if danger. The signal is a quick clip of she flippers ©n a rock. Wild rabbits signal' with their foreoa we, and have regular signals rad calls. An artesian well was some years ago 'entile on the beach at San . Buenaventura, Call-' fornia, five feet from high-water mark. At' a depth of about one hundred arid forty-'1 three feet a strong flow of water trkfe1 obtained, spouting thirty Feet abovte tfc'e' ground. Some 'fish were observed in tTie' waste water, and an examination of the well revealed the fact that it was fiUed witti young trout. They were perfectly developed, eyes and all, and measured about two inched in length. Thousands of them were thrown nut by each jet. The temperature of thfe well water is about sixty-four degrees Fahrenheit. It is believed that the fish may have come from the head-waters of the Santa Clara River by some subterranean outlet ; that stream itself is several miles diMailt from the. well. In Turkey, twenty years ago, men were hanged for trifles; tradesmen who sold short weight might be nailed by the ear to tlieir own doorposts ; and petty thieves, as well as men who were impertinent to officials or who refused to pay their taxes twice over, were bastinadoed on the soles of the feet. This last punishment, by the way, was light or cruel, according as the patient was accus tomed to go barefoot or to spend his life in barouches. The water- carriers, porters, street fruit-sellers,' and peasants generally, whose soles were like a horn, cared little for twenty-five cuts with a bamboo; but to tradesmen, clerks, and women the stripes were excruciatingly painful, and brought weeks of lameness. The present Sultan has abolished the bastinado in the European part of his dominions, and practically done away with capital punishment, exceptfor brigand age and for attempts at assassinating high officials. While Indian tea decreased in public use by about 3,000,0001b. in 1891,'the consump tion of Ceylon tea has increased by no less than 16,700,0001b., or 48 per cent. In England and Wales 8,979 miles of rail way out of 9,044 miles of double lines are worked on the block system. In Scotland practically the whole of the mileage is worked on that system. In France last year there were killed 404 wolves, of -which 194 were full-grown1 animals and 253 cubs. The amount paid for their destruction was £1,313, at the rate of £4 for a full-Frown animal and £1 12s. for a I cub. A parasol, intended as a present for the Sultan of Morocco, has a stick which is over 3^ yards long, and is gilded and richly orna mented. The outside of the parasol ,ie of bright green silk, with a heavy gold fringe round it, whilethe inside is lined with pale straw colour. There is a curious snake (Hydraci yefci) in South Africa that lives wholly upon birds' eggs. It has no teeth or signs of teeth in the mouth, the whole dental array being located in the stomach. Woman asserts that one of the many "lady litigants" at the Law Courts was formerly a waitress at a late coffee-house, where she devoted her nights to serving cups of coffee and her days to serving writs. The silver wedding of Grieg,the composer, was celebrated recently at his home near Bergen, Norway. After dinner Grieg played his famous " Wedding Procession," and Mrs. Grieg sang some of her husband's songs. In Russia blaCK is never used for covering coffins, (he cloth being a pink shade when the deceased is a child or young person, a crimson colour lor women, and brown for widows. The American President, whose salary has been the subject of many comparisons, receives it in monthly instalments. On the 26th day of every month the Treasurer of the United States sends to the White House a cheque for 4,166 dollars. M. Jules Lelyndy, the great Paris sugar refiner, bas left what is perhaps the largest individual fortune ever made in France! Sis wealth is estimated at 360,000,000 francs (£14,400,000). How much of that enormous •am was extracted from the French tax payer in the form of sugar bounties it would be difficult to say. Signor Carlo Rota, the well-known Italian patriob, has died at San Pier d'Arena, near Genoa. Signor Rota took a prominent part ia the unsuccessful expedition against Sapri, te Calabria, which was organised in 1857 by Baron Nicotera and Count Pisaccan'e in the hope of overthrowing the Bourbon Govern ment established at Naples. Baxon Nicotera, the Minister of the Interior in the last Government^ was present at the patriot's btdsidc. XT Some ingenious contrivances are used bj_ thieves. ' The latest looks like as ordinajgj walking-stick, bat is so arranged that, by pressing a spring at the handle, the ferrule' will spread'apart and form a sort of spring clip that will take-hold of anything that is I within reach. The thing is called " the Continental lifting stick," and is used to take; goods from behind counters when the shop man's back is turned. As most people are aware, the barometer exhibits daily variations. In ihe tropics these are so regular that the hour of the day may be ascertained from the height) of the mercury without an error of more than fifteen or seventeen minutes on the average. In Great Britain there are two 'inaxima,! occurring from-9 to 11 &.m. and from 9 to II p.m., the two minima being timed' from 3 to 5 a.m. and from 3 to 6 p.m. -But, after, examining a series of ^observation's in the? Polar regions, Dr. Bachan finds that<in the extreme north and south thefe are'only one' maximum and one minimum duringthe day.; These data refer to the sea. But -in the> 'interior of the Polar continents there are.' also a Dingle maximum 'and. minimum,' 'though these occur "at different times of the: day from the ocean maximum and minimhm,--. Superposition of the two sets of variations 'gives a variation like that ordinarily! observed. ■ ■■ > «j A'pOor Quebec fol Rcksmith declares iieh«» discbvered the "long-lost art wf hardening - cdppfcr." i A1 GiAcier thX*- Movm47F beta y«m—• A ^fliifcier t&s; "been" 'found in Soirtherrij California, of Which fchBre'htebeen ■^a. '.tradi-' fcidn for iriafty years. The'-'Irtfe (Al)|»Mes Herald sentfrtr 'expedition'to'inv&tig;&&il;! and tEe tradition wob verified', for f\s^xm the upper levels of Grayback Mmrnt&nii; tb®' greatest of the'San Bernardinoi-inge, a glacier'oileimlte lonfcandXtti the average 200 ittSb m depth %as "found. Thfeicy-mass,' iaccoi'dihg to wmputatatfta8<tna'de,moves downWatd iafe therate"of47' fedt a'year. The.Britiyh itfiyiini pbssfesses'a "cup;of almost feljuloui Vklae. it is of ,E$ld^ii3 iebimiil, is ladofned HrlSi' saBf^fe "frb'in' , life 'of Sfc. Agn^-aiiB fed&t; JE&OdO.; tte' icop derivesmo'rt cjf'ra 'tttisreilb T$ftVT tjbb'taeVCitkx lb 5wfiSfeWS%n;1Sj: CBAWefe Vi." ^of Frin'ce iniSSIi' iflrlnfe •nnfer^I lJea'^i D&W; .«i Bferri. ' piaS^cl afterword's into' the' possessi&n; ^of thfe 'Einss "of. '33n£lim8',' from Henry YL to James'H;WfiBgSyielt,' in iBP5irt»TOft'JiAn Seft&co;, 'C^ifelbable 'of <3*$ne; ' " 1 All hopes ot MooVeriDj^ Mr. Varidertnlfc's yacht, winch, ' 'w»b' recently eunk.&r;#' being ^given up. Ttie yacht is iihfcing every day in the shifting sands upon which she'Hes. The. n&fr; diniSg-room ^ich the jQrtesen has had built fct'Osliornfe 6o^£ l£SOjOOO. This sum does i'ot'come from the nation' but out of Her'Mfcjesty\priYy purte. Prince Meiahd'erof ^"ecfe islfoUowmg ln the footsteps of' bi» el^er'brbther^j, ^Princes Adotphus . fijA .FMincus? ah<t qualifying to enter the British JLrmy. ' The princes are three of fhe cheeriest young fellows one could possibly^ .wijh to .meet, being 'fine, taanly, and iiru^ type® jpf'Englishmen. One of-the,Tmogt . curiena stones in the worid ia fonnd inginland, .where it occure in bwqy places, ,Iti« a natural jbaxometer.and actually foretelLstprobable ' changes in the weather.. Itis.<iftlled semakuir, and turns black shortly before an. approaching rain, ■while in fine breather it is mottled with spots of white.. It is said that gas-light was first exhibited as a curiosity at the Boyl&ton; Museum, Bos ton, in 1815. In 1915 there were 180 lamps in. the town, and ?n 1880 . it had 10,139 gas and 2^276 oil lamps. Electric lighting is now taking the .place of gas in many locali ties in the city. Boston .is now lighted by 1,447 electric lights, 8,907 gas, and 2,878 <?f other descriptions'. Brigandage is .smelly carried out in the Turkish province of Epirus. A Christian family had been .-jarried off, and, not being able to raise the £500 (Turkish) demanded a» their raneom, the family have been massacred. .There is in 8b. Mark's a celebrated tezza of black glass, enamelled in various colours and gold. No one quite knows its age. It is said to be mora than eight hundred years old; and it is assumed that this very piece of glass was taken by the Limoges makers as their model fot decoration. From a strict inquiry into th^ hisloiy of art we may learn that the figure painters are hardly ever able to attempt landscape painting, sad tht fc, with one or two excep tions, the great landscape painters have always been able to paint figures extremely well.—Speaker. Scientists have estimated that every year a layer equal to fourteen feet of the entire surface of all Oi,*eans and other waters is taken up with the atmosphere in the shape of vapour, to full as rain aud again flow back into the sea., The Empress nf Austria is the owner of the handsomest black pearls that exist. She used formerly to exhibit them in her hair on all State occasions. Queen Victoria has a necklace of pinjt pearls, which are con sidered the most beautiful of their kind. Baroaess. Gustafe de Rothschild's collar of pearls,-worn by her at the opera, is valued at £40,000. TI.e most beautiful pearl is generally supposed to be the one which the French traveller, M. Tovernier, three centuries ago sold to the Shah of Persia, and which is still in the possession of the rulers of Persia. The price was 3,375,000fr. Another Eastern potentate possesses a pearl of 1,274 carats; it is quite transparent, and is valued at l,GOO,OOOfr. A .fine Oriental pearl is the one in the possession of the Princess Inssupoff, and which is famous for its unique colour. In the year 1620 this pearl was sold by Georgibus from Calais to Philip IV. of Spain for SO,000 ducats ; its value is now considered l,125,000fr. Pope Leo XILL has a pearl which is valued at 500,000fr. ; and the Empress Frederick's collier of thirty-two pearls is valued at 875,000fr. The Value op Tea.—The Vice-President of the Paris Society of Pharmacy, M. Burker, has-given the. members the-result of some recent analyses of tea. He considers it established that the commercial value of black tea is directly proportioned to the amount of theine it contains; but in the case of green tea, he says the commercial value must be estimated by the quantity of of tannin. One would have thought that, from the point of view of the connoisseur of tea, those samples which .contain .the least proportion of tannin would be preferred.— •.English Mechanic. The Duke of Portland, havingadded 20,000 Acres to his shooting; preserves, has now 125 square miles of land reserved'for sport. Therein this difference, at least, between a poljticianand a:stabesman." "A states man ".is the Parliamentary candidate who gets to the head of the poll and has the proud honour of shaking hands with " Mr. Speaker." " A politician " is his defeated opponent, A man whs hires another at 20s. a week to do work which brings in only 21s. a week is a philanthropist. But if he hires 2,000 men at the same rate he has an income of £80 a week and becomes "atyrannical monopolist." This is the differentiation between labour arid capital.v e— ' . An engine-driver says that men in his business can always juii^e of the condition of their engines by the tone it. gives out while running. Every inline, whether stationary or locomotive, iui a particular it at once excites a raspiCJOn tuacTur« nos right. The engineer may not'kliow what it the matter,. he may haveno.ear for music, but the change in tone of his machine will be instantly perceptible, arid will start him on animmediate investigation. Much of the fancifully-cut paper used by confectioners in this country is made at » » prison nearJBerlin. , The largest'artificial stone in the iforl forms the; base of the Bartholdi Stafcu* < K' liberty on Bedloe's 'Island, New York Barbour. This iinmensestone was made from'broken'trap roc'kj'eand, and 'American cenSetit. Five hundred car-loads of sand ando ver 20,000Cartels of oein%n t wfereused in manufacturing theinonefer. Amongst the miemliers of the present) HouW of Commons are 55 merchants, 57 manufacturers, 18"brewers^hd distillers, lOi ?neaical men, and 53A"rmy andNaval officere. Tho^e Who :can be rightly termed land-' owners number about SO. .. A'Cinciriniti man'is reported to have eaten over 930 leftions in two months to cura rHtffifmatrS&i.; 'He 'is now in a precarious con dition. . Quite k 'craze—arid: a very interesting one —4ias'coirieo\rer the French gardeners. They haVe 'suddenly begun to bend all their «nei^es to 'th e 'creatfbn of new flowers and ,the ax>cli6latissttion^ of 'such sis have never befcf^^^h 'culta'kted '-in France. Among the lalfcW is a flowerfrotn Central America r{as'yet <trnatii€fl inTrancey which changes its . colour 'HiSee' ti'tn es'-a d ay. ~It & white in the qniormng, gets pink at noon,. and. turns a iively"blue when;the';ijnn fs^settSng. 