'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION ?' AW, u lrich in the Hunt — to have no appe tite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When 'good digestion waits on appetite and health on both,' that is the ideal attitude of a person towards liis meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Differ ent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation liue, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stauds in need of ' alteration and repairs.' To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in which the writer says, ' 1 was afraid to eat.' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, ' In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelvemonths, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, ap peared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.' We cannot wonder that under these circum stances our friend failed to do justicc to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls ' a pricking sensation ' at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in strument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. ' I dreaded,' he says, ' the thought of eating, and many a xcanty meal hare I made, tor I /ran afraid to cat. 'After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused in e lose a good deal of sleep.' What he means by the fear of ' something going to happen ' is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, prof somebpily.dear to him. This was due, ns he intimates, to the im poverished state of his blood (the life hearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and uugoverned imagination. ' With great difficulty,' he says, ' I stuck to my work, tor I had a family depending on me. So I struggled od, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of des cription. I am mire no one han suffered to much an I have done.' In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found liim h'e chanced to read In a hook of 'a ease exactly iikl las^oitbi 'having ' heen cored Woodleslord/tqhfl Uslhg Hs contents the ailment left ipe and tgas.nevpr tetunied since ^tfihonld like [the whple wdna td Know wh&t; it did for me. I Hare been employed by the Midland Hallway Com ? .panj fordevea years. 7' (Sijgaed) George Ctax.BottomSoftd, ' . ' Apperiey Bridge, near Leeds.' ( . We publish this by Mr. Hunt's , desire, in order that port of the world at -least may know how thankful he is and for what reason, . The, Metropolitan Cup, ot 7000 rupees, run at Calcutta, has ,been won by the Australian horse Whinibrol. : % 