THE GHOST OF THE CHINAMAN. A LOCAL STOBY FOUNDED ON FACT. fBv TONK ] By way of preface, and in order to as sist the reader to ascertain the facts, I may state that all that is not fiction in this story is fact. r Dick, the hero of the story, stands six feet high in his stockings ; is between 50 and 60 years old, and would weigh 13 or 14 stone ; is possessed of good constitution and sound nerves, has been a bushman from his youth up, and all bis life long has been accustomed to travelling all hours day and night ; and it may be said of him, as of many of his countrymen, that he was afraid of very little, whether in the shape of man or beast. Dick had been to town and was return ing home, perfectly sober, of course, al though it was rather late, owing to delays over which he had no control. However, the lateness of the hour did not trouble him; he was as much at home in the darkness as in the night; so he jogged contentedly along, turning matters over in his mind the while, quite oblivious to things in general. On the homeward journey a creek had to be crossed, a few yards from the cros sing-place at which a Chinee man had committed suicide by hanging himself from the branch of a gum-tree. Dick had crossed the creek and had also passed the tree a few yards when the associations of the place came into his mind. ' This is the place,' said Dick to himself, 'where the Chinee man hanged himself ; I wonder what made him do it.' * He began to feel a little lonely, and it was very dark, and just then he thought he heard something over about the trees. He directed a hurried glance in that direc tion, and sure enough there was something there — a white looking object, and it ap peared to be moving, too. Dick began to feel somewhat creepy, and thought he would shuffle along a little faster. Until now nis horse had been going along at a walking pace ; . so, touching his nag up with his heel he put him into a canter. After going some fifty yards at this increased pace, he looked back. What he saw has never been recorded; but he brought the stick he had in his hand upon his horse's ribs, at the same time driving the spurs into its sides as hard as he could, and standing up in the stirrups. The canter was instantly converted into a full gallop. 1 And no wonder! For an siwf1;! 3omf|» thing was out upon the road lbllowitte him. ' [ The next half mile was passed at th/s speed, when Dick again looUed back ' Great GoBlin !' Dick mutt'iui under h|s breath, and his hair, all ih.-.i time hM left of it, stood straight up, while a cot! horror took possession of him, fo:- ja'jt about the same distance behind hira came the spectre rushing after hir/i. ] Dick's instinct told him it tv^s a case jaf life or death. That the ?? Chinki-j' -ift. tended strangling him he had no doubt ; but a ray of hope shot into his head (it that moment. He had heanj a. yarn tofil by the camp fire when a bov Ion* uaa. rif a man named Tom who kept a. shan*y somewhere in Queensland, being chased by a Scotchman's ghost mounted . on a wild bullock, but he managed to cscat e by crossing a running stream ; it was,a narrow squeak, however, for the ghost succeeded in pulling his horse's tail put by the roots, although it could not cross (lie running water; so Tom escaped, bnt then, reasoned Dick, that wau a Scotdh ghost. Perhaps a Johns' spirit, might not be so frightened of water. Hov/overk ljo would try. Fortunately there was a flowing gredk some three or four hundred yards in front spanned by a new wooden bridge ; *nii, like a hunted kangaroo, Dick made straight for it. In less time tl.nn it tukJ-j to write, the intervening disUucc w4s passed and with two or three desperate strides the bridge was crossed, arid Die was still alive. , .;' As soon thereafter an possible, arid without slackening his speed any more than necessary Dick looked behind him to see how the stream had acted upon his persuer. One look was sufficient. The ghost had crossed the creek and with the speed of the wind was still 00 hin track. Dick fairly yelled this time with terror, for that this white thing which was hunt ing him was more than human was evi dent from the pace at which it was travel ling, which could have been very little less than a mile in two minutes, for he reckoned the horse he was on could do almost that, and this Thing was surely gaining upon him. His only hope now was that he might be able to reach his. home before being overtaken, for he was now within a mile of his farm. But this was doubtful. He could almost feel the cord by which the Chinaman had hanged himself, and which he was morally sure he now had with him twining around hia neck preparatory to twitching him up to the branch of a tree. For what other purpose could it be follow ing him? Dick realised that the great crisis in his life had come. It was now literally neck or nothing ; so, raining the blows upon his willing horse, he made a bee-line through the bush, dark as it was, for his sliprails It was a desperate ride. With teeth firmly set and eyeballs almost starting from their sockets, he rushed homewards. All the wrong deeds he ever committed came into his mind. Man's duty to his neighbor, as stated in the Catechism, came fresh before him —not that he had ever been neglectful in these duties— and he vowed that if he could escape this dreadful Thing he would lead a better life. The gateway into Dick's farm, as luck would have it, happened to be open. He was through like a flash ; and now a lew hundred yards only lay between him and safety, and hope rose high within his breast. Next minute he was at his stable, and flinging himself from the horse's back he fell with a bang against the door, which, being unfastened, flew open, allowing the horse to rush in. Dick now thought he was safe, and picked himself up; but, as he did so, the Thing stood before him, and a human voice, not in the Chinese language, but in English, with the slow, well-known Aus tralian bush drawl, thus addressed him: — ?Father, what made you ride like that? Anything the matter ?' Dick's last addition to the population of Australia, in the shape of a seven teen years- old and six-feet-high son, was before him astride the old man's own white horse ! He had, like his father, been away from home that day, and on the return journey happened to strike the road where the Chinaman had hanged himself just at the time his father was passing, and seeing who it was decided to join company for the rest of the way home. But seeing tbe -way his father acted he concluded that he must have heard.bad news from home, and was hurrying back to see one of the family draw the last breath, and so, full of anxiety, he put the white horse to his top speed and chased his father right up to the gate. ? 