CHASED BY A TORNADO. FRIGHTFUL EXPERIENCE OF A RAIL SO AD ENGINEER. " I don't think that fright ever turned a person's hair white off hand," .said Henry Wetberell, an engineer of the Jersey Central railroad. "If such a thing could happen these locks of mine would not be as black as you see them now, for I will venture to .say that no man ever went through a more fear inspiring experience than I did once. Tell you the story ? Why, certainly. But I am not good at a yarn, and I can only give you the bare facts without descriptive ornamenta tion. It happened this way. The year was 1878 or 1879,1 forget which. Anyway it was sometime in July. The weather had been pretty hot, and it was just the sort of day for breeding a tornado. But I am gettiug ahead of my story already, not being very ex pert in the way o£ anecdote. I was working on a one-horse railroad in Southern Kausas. The superintendent wired me to fetch my engine a distance of about seventy miles to a place called Peterstown. I was wanted to haul a lot of perishable freight, mostly market produce, which had got shunted off by some accident on to a side track and was in danger of spoiling. A suit against the company might have followed, and the business had to be attended to in a hurry. There were only seven locomotives on the road, barring two or three that were dis abled. Well, not to be long winded, I got fuel and water aboard as quickly as possible and started for Peterstown, taking it rather easily, because the track wasn't in condition to stand fast running well. I was about an hour froui my starting place and had gone sixteen miles perhaps, when I noticed some queer looking clouds on the western horizon. The day was ex tremely sultry and there was a curious sort of glare over the landscape which made it look sort of feverish. I can not think of a better word for describ ing it. There was something unnatural about the appearance of everything, My fireman was a boy who had beeu brought up in that region, and he said that it looked like a tornado coming. He ought to have been a good judge of the symptoms, because the whole of his family, together witli all of their property and live stock had been wiped out by such a " twister," as they call 'em, when, he was hardly old .enough to toddle. By the time we had gone maybe eight or nine miles further, a dense bank of clouds had spread round toward the south-west. It was black as ink, but beneath it was a blank streak of white. I had never seen anything that looked quite like it before. As I looked at it the bank rose higher, and presently I saw some thing like a sharp point of cloud pro ject itself downward from the black mass. All this time there was DO thunder nor lightning, but only a look about the sky that was dreadful to see, because it was so unnatural like. It seemed as if "something awful was going to happen. It was the boy who called my attention the pointed cloud, and he said it was a tornado beginning. I pretended notto be afraid, and said that if it was a " twister" it would not be likely to hit us : But he was as pale as a ghost. Says he: "' Don't you see that it is directly south-west of us ?' " 4 Why, certainly,' I replied. 'What of the that ?' "' They always travel north-east,' he said, " and we are right in the track of it !' Then we'll run away from it, I guess,' says I, pulling the throttle wide open. But the boy, he said nothing-only watched the clouds in the distance. " * By this time the pointed cloud had got very much bigger, the lower end of it nearly touching the ground, i It grew rapidly larger and larger and | seemed to be approaching at a great rate of speed, while the rest of the view toward the west and southwest beeame blurred to the eye, so that j nothing could be made out very clearly, j I saw that it was a tornado that was i coming, and no mistake, for the strange cloud, which had the shape of a gigan tic peg top, was distinctly outlined in j its inky blackness against the general blue. I began to feel pretty badly frightened myself. Now and then, j when I could take my eye off the cloud, I looked at the boy, but he only sat silent in the cab, staring at the great peg top with starting eyeballs and white Hps. Finally I said: j " * Do you think we are going to i escape it ?' We are right inits track,' he said, without looking at me. " Tou see, we were running in an air line over the prairie, directly north- j east, and pursuing the very path in j which the tornado was coming. Any j other course, with the steam I had on, would have carried us out of the way. The boy shovelled more coal on. He had already done so three or four times since the strange cloud was sighted. But it was no use. The engine was doing its best, and she wasn't capable of more than about | thirty-eight miles an hour ! " * It's gaining on us,' I said. 1 How fast does such a thing as that travel ?' "' About one hundred miles an hour,' replied the boy, white as a sheet. " If that had been true I would not be here to tell the story. I have since ; learned that eighty miles au hour is supposed to be the best a tornado can I do. My belief is that this one was i going at about sixty miles. Anyway, it wasn't more than six or seven miles distant by this time and gaining on us rapidly. If my reckoning was correct it would reach us in a little more than twenty minutes. The way I calculated it was that the great peg top was mov ing at the rate of three miles to our two. It was the most frightful spec tacle to look at that can possibly be imagined. To me it seemed to be a monstrous giant, pursuing us with an evil intention to destroy. Now aud then its blackness would be transformed into a dark green, and it was con stantly lighted up by flashes, as if it were an immense balloon illuminated , from within. It appeared to whirl round with inconceivable rapidity, and Irom it came a sound across the prairie as of bellowing, with a voice so awful that the rumbling of the locomotive was lost in it. Of the destruction it was accomplishing I could get no notion from my point of view. For tunately there were few settlements in that part of the country, but as we passed two or three small hamlets at full speed I could see the people run- | niug about trying to find some place j of safety. The boy staggered to my i side-the rocking of the engine made it difficult to keep one's feet-and clutched my arm. I stooped my head, and he yelled into my ear the words : 4 Make the bend.' "I knew what he meant on the instant. Less than ten miles ahead of ns waB a bridge over a river, after crossing which the road turned abruptly southward. It was a freak railway anyhow, and its zigzags were intended to pass through as many supposed centres of future population as possible. The only long stretch of it in a straight line was just where we got caught by the tornado. If we could get to the bend ahead of the monster we might run out of its track. As you may well imagine, I had no opportunity to consider the plan calmly and in detail, but it struck me like a flash. It was a race for life, sure enough. If that engine never did her forty miles an hour before, I think she must, .have done that and more, too, then. With the great funnel cloud rushing on behind us and steadily approaching, we tore over the rails at a frantic rate of speed. I was fairly crazed by the excitement, so that it almost overcame my sense of fear. I remember distinctly that I pulled the whistle cord and let the locomotive scream with all her might, though it could hardly be heard in the roaring of the pilrsuing tornado. Six miles passed, as well as I could estimate, and the monster was only about four miles behind. Three miles more and it had lessened the distance by a mile at least. But we were near the river. A minute later we were running across the bridge. No time then to heed the warning that ' trains must run slowly across the stream,' in obedience to the sign post. Over the bridge, we flew round the curve and dashed away southward, just in time to see the mighty balloon pass by with a whirl and a roar, as if all the demons in the infernal regions were let loose. We could not make out anything very distinctly, the sky being darkened and the air filled with dust, but we knew that we were safe. A few minutes later the clouds rolled away, and every thing was as quiet and peaceful as before the storm. We ran back to the bridge, but it wasn't there. It was clean gone, and such remains of it as were left were scattered all over the country. The road was so badly torn up, the track for considerable distance being twisted and broken to pieces, that the expense of repairing it nearly bankrupted the company. Eleven people lost their lives by that tornado, which afforded me an experience which I wou'd not repeat for all the money the world. Washington Star. 