RELIGIOUS SERVICES. I WEBLETAN CHURCH. The morning asrvice yesterdayat ths Fatter* son-street Church was oondncted by the Rev, Wat. Bhaw, who preached an eloquent sermon from the 20th and 21st verses of the Epistle General ot Jude — 41 But ye, beloved, hnilding np yourselves in your most holy faith, pra;. - ing in the Holy Ghost, %eep yourselves in the love of God. looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto , eternal life.' I The rev. gentleman said that Jude opened I the paragraph in which the words of the text were by introducing a class ef people ' who should be mookers ia the last time, who should walk after their own ungodly lusts' (verse 18), and now, as a contrast, the beloved of Christ are introduced. Jude wrote .to those who were Christiana, and had no doubt about the fac», not to those who thought they were, or con sidered themfeelves, tatter than other people, because a real Christian, or a person who knows most about God is so mueh taken np with the things of God m to pay little or no attention to themselves and their comparison with others. Jude wrote to real Christians endeavoring to increase their religious experience, and they, knowing exactly who wore meant, were all attention to hear what he had to say. Tbe rev. gentleman further showed that in the text there were three distinct Tfinities, In the firet place, the Trinity of the persons, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. 'Praying in the Holy Ghost, ?' Keeping in the love of God,' ' looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ.' Secondly, there was the trinity of the graces— faith, love, and hope. - Building np yourselves in your most holy | 'faith,' keeping yourselves in the Mlove' i ol God, 11 looking' for the mercy ; to look lor means just the same as to hope for. One exercise was left out of this triune mention, vis., prayer. Thia grace, however, iwas a binding together of ths other three. Thirdly, J there is a trinity of effort—build, keep, J look. It is necessary to build up spiritual structures on our inset holy zaitb, i.e., the rock Christ Jesus. We must keep ourselves in the love of God by think ing, talking, and praying about it, and we must also practise it; and finally, we must 'look,' as Bt. Paul said in ths Epistle to the Hebrews—' Let us run with patience ihe race that is Bet befoie us, ' looking 1 unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith ' (Heb. xiL 42). We should look up, not down ; the great danger that surrounds ns is the temptation to look down to the earth and pay too much attention to tbiogs of time and sense, while we should pay more attention to things eternal. We should look not at the grave but the glory ; not at death bnt at eternal life. The Rev. W. Bhaw also conducted the evening service. 