A. Murchisfln Ghost. A gentleman in Adelaide sends UB the following extract from a letter written by Mr. R. C. Cox, who has been for some months on the Murchison :—"The overeeer of an outetation on the Murchison and I have just come into camp after being out tracking horses. Three or four niggers belonging to the station were camped a mile down Coonarbie Creek. We had finished cupper and were sitting alongside the camp fire about 8 o'clock, the moon just set, calmness reigning sublime, broken only by the tickle, tinkle of a horse or sheep bell and the chirp from a cricket, when we were startled by shrieks from the niggers, who came flying into camp and dropped down on allfours behind us and the breakwind fireplace. On questioning the darkies about this outcry and rush all we could get from the trembling and paralysed blacks was ' Mundong, mundong,' the meaning of which is ghoBtor spirit, something uncommon at any rate. They pointed to a faint light half a mile from the camp amongst the mulgas, where, sure enough, we could see something like a firesfchk, such as the niggers generally carry whan gsing into the bush after dark, juet trailing along quite gently about a foot from the ground. All at once it stopped, and simultaneously there flickered all round us similar lights, about a dozen in all, and some distance apart. I can assure you we two felt a bit tremulous, as everything waB done so noiselessly and mysteriously that it had quite a weird effect. At last my mate pulled out his revolver and fired at the nearest light, and hardly had the report died away when every light was extinguished. \V« tried our utmost to get the niggers to go back to their mia-mias, but they would not move from the shelter of our site Tt p he _ _ ruinations, and there sure enough were the remains of the tires, but not one single traok or footprint could we or tbe station niggers find, and there lies the mystery. You will find that no bush black will travel about the bush for this very dread of the mundong. Another time a lubra oame in from the bush with her pickaninnie and wonga, and stated that she had seen the mundong running that same day along the creek. Questions elicited the information that this supernatural being was like an 'emu with a hlaekfellow's head..' 'Die blacks up here are a splendidly mude lot, the women more so than the men. They are peaceably inclined." The writer then goes on to describe the burial of an old native chief thus:—" He was a patriarch they called 'Governor' here. After death the bl&cks; all stripped naked, and with their weapons danced and howled -until they were forced to drop from sheer exhaustion. At midday they dug a hole and raised a monnd where he died, hung all his weapons and belongings on a tree alongside; hiB lubras carried tbe body a mile down the creek to a sandy patch; the men dug tbe grave with their gundas, and the women made t.hn breaks around with twigs; the men smashed the limbs of the old man in two, and buried him all in % heap; they then built a fire round the grate and lett. Then they set out in search of the imagined murderer, although the old fellow evidently died of senile decay. I 