? -? ;. AN '.'?? MILLIONAIRE. MBS. A. BLITZ. v- i ? ? - ? ? ' - '- [Aii JEUasss Bjesebtbd.]-: ? *; iu?. ' , -?-? t ? ? BOOK II. CONTENTS OP VOL. II. CHAPTER. . IV, Jessie Clutches at Heroism ' V. The Breach Bepaired VI. Lockstud Plays a Losing Card VIL Wheel Within Wheel VIII. Larry Shows His Teeth IX. The Saint Victorious X. Scattering Seed on Barren Ground XL Failingto Stem the Current , XII. A Bulwark of Straw XHL Mrs. Dripper Fires the JB ulwark 'T ; XIV. ~ Cecil Lookstud ''' '.'? XV. Father and Son. CHAPTER IV.— (CONTINUED.) \- 'He -won't go there because of their truest, Mr. Larry,' spoko up Jessie in Roland' b defence, 'and because he is everything a son. ought to be, and is not ?what you say.' Mrs. Goldwin might have laughed .again at this girl's championship but for hearing Washington Larry was the guest of the Pennacoves. The sneer in her words and on her lips fell a prey at once to a stronger expression -which absorbed it completely, and presented itself on her features boldly . as malicious hate not unmixed with fear. ' I think some people are mad,' she exclaimed. « Who but lunatics would ask such a man to be their guest— a gorilla, a sneaking Paul Pry of a fellow ; a low, ill bred, illiterate brute?' ' He was your guest once a nd your hus band's friend,' calmly reminded Mi. Caili port, who did not quite favor the vindictive attitude against Mr. Larry, or words so coarsely chosen in ungovernable aversion. ** Tes, he was ; that's trus,' came a quick retort ; *' because Mr. Goldwin believed he owed him bo much. An aboriginal might hare done him a service, and I believe he -would have invited him to dinner. 1 am a bit tired of hearing of Mr. Larry. He always was a worry, and now, instead of .being dead and buried, as he ought to be, he turns up again and makes trouble.' And then Mrs. Goldwin turned sharply on Jessie, whose face was averted and at the ' window : ' No doubt Roland has told you that he is a martyr to a woman's whim, that I have been- exuding, and all the rest of it. It seems $hai he can gossip enough outside to anybody, and would never tell me that the man was stopping at Una jrille.'! ... .....?.-.„? ' You are quite mistaken,' said Jessie chokingly, as she turned hex face full upon Roland's mother. ' He never made a single complaint against you. He only said that Mr. Larry had behaved badly to you a long time ago, and that while it was for your son to zesent it he still felt a lingering regard for the old man who was his father's friend, and so avoided going where he should have to meet Mm, and perhaps eay worpLs tbLat hV might be sorry for afterwards, ,ajid that .he was between two fires.' «r° \- Mrs. Goldwin was too much engrossed with the subject as it touched herself to notice the ring of passionate earnestness in Jessie's vindication, which, like a counter-irritant, took the fire out of her veins and the demon out of her face, as she said, half apologetically for her display of rancor — ' Well, if you knew what a snake in the grass that man has been you would not wonder at me- hating him as I do. I never told Roland he -was not to speak to him, but that I would not have him at Goolgun.' Literally this was true, though she had meant him so to construe her -words. She was so far relieved by Jessie's explanation that she turned to her a second time, but with a milder bearing, which was unob served, for the girl's head was lowered and her eyes cast down, while Aunt Jessie was feeding the poodle with biscuits, and thinking that Mrs. Goldwin was not unlike a hedgehog, bristled all over for eelf def ence, ready to prick her supposed adver saries if they touched her ever so lightly. Her next sentences, however, were not so appeasing to Jessie as Jessie's had been to her. -' It pleases me,' she went on now with ^n easy amiability, ' that Mies Una, if she ohooses^ can take a lesson from him in that filial duty.' which is but a tribute to my discipline. ' I am not so exacting, and he has misunderstood me. I value Ms happi ness too highly to let it be baulked through each, a slight cause, and if he can't be Happy away from Una he has my permis sion to go to her or meet her friend, a distii^nted old man, and be as quixotic over him as he .likes. 'Una is not to my taste, and why he worships her as he does I don't know, but I do not 4ntertere -with his likes and dislikes.' With this she rose to take her leave, aad in saying good- bye to JeBsie I she added : ' You look an if you were I stifled, child. You should be skipping or I trundling a hoop instead of being cooped up in the House.' ° Jessie, who certainly looked -white to the tipSjL was unable to answer Her with a little ?auoy retort, such as she might have given at any other time ; but when Mrs. Goldwin was in her carfiage andonher way to pay a visit elsewheretsKe §a£d jQ&eously; to Aunt Jessie— .--... ? ,*.. . *' She always treats me and speaks to me as it I ware a baby.' And then, -with a I quick movement to avert her face from I Mrs. Cailiport'a tender gaze, her brown I eyes swam with tears, and her heart felt I like a stone in her breast. I Mrs. Calliport heard a . distinct sob, and I knew quite well that although Mrs. Gold I win was responsible for it, it was not be I cause eh« Had provokinglyignorsd Jessie's I womanhood. . *' My dear, I believe she is the most dis agreeable of disagreeable.women, andean say the most disagreeable things,' repli* Aunt Jessie. 'Don't let Her anno you.' There was an undercurrent of infinite compassion in this latter sentence which told Jessie she was .understood, and made her tears rain faster. Half dreading, end yet desperately longing to see Roland again, she was scarcely able to analyse the wild emotion which overcame Her that night when he entesfed her auntfs drawing-room, and through not Having ' seen h«r for a couple of days, perhaps put mor« earnestness than usual into His fraternal kiss. It has been previously stated why. he laid claim to a brother's prerogative to tease or to kiss, to scold or caress, to love and to protect. : , ' _: . He found Her lips icy. cold and un responsive, and seeing Her with a book in hand from which she* had been reading aloud to Mrs. Calliport, he attributed her pallor and chill to some sensational matter drawn from it ; so with a gentle force He drew the book from her hold, and said — 'I can't allow this. What love and murder trash is here to make yon look and feel like a ghost?' ?*' Love and murder 1' echoed Jessie stupidly, as he held' the book at axm's length away from h#r. ' My dear boy,' explained Aunt Jessie, and not without a smile, for, unlike her niece, she was not too much . overwrought to grasp the humor of the moment — ' my dear boy, it is only ' Ruddock's Homoe pathy.' What are you talking about f ' Roland threw the book on to a table and laughed. He was not looking forlorn, as Jessie had seen him last'; on the contrary, there was that brightness over him flash ing from eyes and lips, wltich was as sun shine. His speech and his movements were mercurial. He laughed heartily as the book flew from his hand, and he said lightly — 'Then she's been reading up symptoms, Aunt Jessie, a dangerous practice for lay men, and she thinks bhe has experienced them, and has incipient typhus or small pox.' ' She . was just reading a paragraph about chills and their remedy, that's all,' laughed the old lady. But poor JesBie, within her Own cloud of misery, was invulnerable to anything like mirth, and could have exclaimed in Hood's words : I would that T were dead now, Or up in my bed now, To cover my head now, And have a erood cry. ' Then what is it, Mid ?' he asked, re lapsing into gravity, and looking at her with gentle sympathy. ' Are you not well ?' ' I don't think she is quite herself,' said Aunt Jessie quickly. ' Go to the dining room, dear, and take a glass of wine ; it will warm you.' Jessie recognised the ruse to give Her privacy for a time, and with a grateful look at her aunt Hurried from the room; Roland became restless when quite 10 minutes elapsed and she Had not returned; his manner was preoccupied as he listened and talked to Mrs. Calliport, and he was impelled at last to rise from his chair and say— ' Would you mind me going to the dining-room for Mid and bringing her back? I have not long to stay, and I have something to tell her that will be pleasing.' Mrs. Calliport, who could ? find no rational excuse for detaining him, assented at once. ' If he loves her more than as a brother,' she reflected when she -was alon -, « why, it will all come right in the end. God grant it may.' But, then, how could she know that he already had a day dream of his own, in which was reared a palatial home of no likeness to Goolgun, by whose cheery hearth he had planted a second self, a 'help- ful mate of face and form bearing no sem blance to Jessie's, and toddling, lisping children with golden hair and limpid dark blue eyes with deep-fringed lids, totally unlike Her, but counterparts of that one whose soul -was reflected on his own — that one to whom it had gone forth, drawn by that wondrous affinity which alone means the quintessence of love ? Jessie was standing at a chiffonier, one Hand on a decanter, the other on a wine glass, as if she were debating on the matter of drinking the wine or not, when Roland stole up behind her' and laid his hand over her eyes. ' Oil, Rol, don't!' she cried, jerking her words, and pulling down his hand, the touch of which she knew so welL She looked so alarmed that He pat his arm round her waist and said, with some compunction — « I did' not mean to startle you, Mid — only to punish you for stopping away so long. I am in a bit of a hurry, and have come to tell you something. But just swallow some wine first, if yon have not 'already don« so. You have been here long enough to have drained the decanter.' She poured out a thimbleful and drank it. It came quite naturally to her to obey him. 'Now, do you feel better?' ' Yes,' she answered feebly, thinking she had never felt bo ill in Her life. ' Well, sit down and listen till I unfold my plain, unvarnished tale.' She sat down and tried to smile, because she guessed his 'something to tell' was of a pleasant nature, judging from his merry mood. Her impulse was to put her hands upon his - shoulders, but she only folded them in her lap, while Her eyes looked anywhere but at him, as he stodd over, her and prefaced his communi cation rather abruptly- — 'Mid, my mother is caprice personi fied.' .-?'.» Mid nodded her Head in affirmation. ' bo you know what a kindness yon have done for me £!' h6 asked, and Jessie looked up with questioning eyes for a second, but did not speak. 'I received something .painfully like abuse this evening, because I have offended the Pennacoves. You told her that I had done so.'?.. .??.- ' -.; - ? ?-?-;'- .'Yes, I did— because — bscaus-— ' faltered the girl. ' Never mind, Mid/' Roland interrupted. ' There is no need to defend yourself. I know all about it, and thank you with all my heart.' . ...... Jessie raised her eyes again, bat now swimming in tears. ' ' Don't fret .for me, my dear, for out of the evil has come a 'good,' He said, noting her distress, but not aware of its source. 'She reproached .me .for giving a handle to; them Jbo .'; find fault with her and think her an exacting, hard- naturtd woman. She said she never meant me to.take up the matter with Mr. Larry quite so literally. What she did mean was that she would not speak to '*'*' or have him at Goolgun, and that I had treated her shamefully in not telling her that He was a guest of the Pennacoves, and for going about the place half alive because' of a voluntary exile from TTnaville, ^or which 1 would have her blamed and myself lauded as a pattern of filial martyr dom.' 'Oh!' half sobbed JeBsie, « how could she-— how could she f ' ' She did, and you know what I have been trying to do — trying to atone to her by the faithful fulfilment of stern duty for the abRenceof a son's natural affection, which her manner and habit have chilled. She told me this man had insulted Her. was it not for me to treat hinl with indifference and avoid intercourse as I have done ? But it seems as if I have been too much of a slave to this' rule of duty. I have been fighting with shadows becausa of a woman's extravagant hate and rage, which colored his offence so highly in my sight. I don't believe now that he is to be condemned, and it is all your doing, Middle, thanks again ; and I'm going when I leave here to see Una, and tell her what a fool I have been all this time.' ' I thought she would release you,' said Jessie quietly, with her fingers still at her lap, nervously interlacing. ' She said she .valued your happiness too highly, to let it be balked through Mr. Larry.' A momentary frown, almost sardonic, di86gured Roland's boyish frank ? face — a passing thundercloud before the .clear sky — the heaven that smiled from his eyes. Jessie, . noting it, forgot Her pre scribed role in that second, and, starting up, put forth her hand to set its palm over his brows with her wonted freedom, as she cried — « Don't look eo, Rol ! Oh, don't 1' ?' Look How P' he asked, catching Her cold little hand in one of his own, and drawing her nearer to him. ' Must I not frown where frowns are provoked?' , Irresistibly she allowed his arm to wind around her as she replied — ' You have a right to frown, surely, but don't frown that -way, Rol. You looked like papa when he says cruel things some times — cutting things — and it hurt me to see his angry look on your face, that's all.' ' Poor little mid ! I will try not to frown soagain. Doyon know, when my mother said she ' valued my Happiness too highly ' she used the wrong word? For * happiness' read ' health ;' for, Mid, my life is precious to her until the remnant of that part of it which the law styles * infancy ' shall have expired. In a little time I shall be 21, and she will have piloted me safely through the years which have secured competence to her. My life is precious for her own eake, not mine. I have . learned that only lately. My death within the term of legal infancy would be comparative poverty for her. My father willed it bo. Why, I do not know ; but there it is, Mid, in a nutBhelL The sentence has been revoked for fear it might affect ray system, or lead, to suicide, perhaps. Who knows ? And if it had not sucL a ring of tragedy in it for me I should only see the comical side and laugh. As it is, I frown — frown at the fate -which forces me to condemn my own mother, excites my contempt for her.' It was only to Jessie or Una that Roland thus aired hie one great trouble — his peculiar domestic conditions. They shared his sorrows and joys, and counteracted the gloom of home. Probably their sympathy and affection stood like trusty sentinels to bar the intrusion of splenetic humors, which otherwise might have wormed themselves into a- sweet nature, to lodge there permanently and warp and twist it. Only Una and Jessie knew of this crumpled leaf in Mb bed of roses, and how much it affected him. - ' Pocr old Rol 1' sighed Jessie, and then a tremor ran through her slight frame ; and she suddenly released herself from his hold, changing to chilliness from extreme warmth. 'Come, let us go back to aunt,' she said. ' A kiss first, Mid, to take the bitterness out of my mouth.' Roland bent forward to suit the action to the word ; but she repelled him, and stood aloof with words and manner meant to be vivacious, but a sad failure. ' Don't be silly. Let us go to aunt.' He looked at her wonderingly, and was a little offended. 'Can all women be capricious?' he thought. ' Does it come naturally to them as they near maturity P' They returned to Mrs. Calliport ; but Roland did not stay long, being eager to meet Una; and in bidding good-Bye he made no attempt to touch Jessie's lips. He -was vexed and constrained, and left her with a stiff hand-shake. All so different to what it had been before, reflected poor Jessie. The boy and girl nonsense was over for him. She was not ' all in all,' and with Her it was -? Love me not at all or all in alL' Had not Mrs. Goldwin said He worshipped UnaP Mrs. Calliport took her in her embrace when Roland was gone, and whispered, ' Brave little girl *!' But I am afraid Jessie was not brave by any means, for she gave way at that pass word to her heart, and cried bitterly in Mrs. Calliporf e arms. (TO BK CONTENDED.) 