Academe of Music MR WALTER BENTLET. The successful delineation of ' Hamlet ' haa always been regarded as the coping stone of an actor's career. The controversy that has been going on for many years con cerning the tragedy, and the interest which Shakespearian students have taken in tbe ? ^_ ? ? _ »_ _ u..^£« L_ 4-1^ a4- lAitwj-k T»nA*i rrncort noTffl naturally had the effect of g:.viBg the play a special attraction Through out the whole empire of time '« Hamlet' will be to the schoolboy an individual surrounding .whom is a halo og romance; to the scholar the utterances of the Prince of Denmark will ever afford food for' reflection, which he may enjoy , without .-'?,' '???'' ? 'The fulness of satiety.' are, so many exquisite touches of the .'master hand that a lustre is shed on the principal characters, which, will remain as long as time is, and 'Hamlet' is Bingled out from amongst them -nd placed, distinctly separate. The sup posed madness, the gentleness, the ' sorrow, and the saturnine reasoning of the unhappy Dane have a peculiar fascination for the scholar, while to the ordinary attendant at theatres the CJUalUULUi IS Uilt3 Ui. u.s«3£/ auu jjynu**Mj interest. In giving a representation of 'Hamlet,' one of the chief difficulties given all natural gift and education— is a just conception. Hamlet raving and .stamping, clothed in deep black, with studied attitudes, sepulchral voice, was 'a familiar picture to old playgoers, and it required strong courage to depart from the 'beaten track and give more naturalness to the character — to bring it to the common level of humanity. Against a strong clamour was thi3 done, but tha efforb was successful, in that it intensified the love which the public had for the play ibaalf n.n/I f.Vio et7TYi«»+.Vnr wTlifih tvhfiV felt for the chief character. And of the many pictures of Hamlet which have been presented to the world it may be said that Mr Walter Bentley has suc ceeded in producing one which 'will live in men's memory. He regards Hamlet as a man of intellectual capacity and education, strong reasoning power, and withal pos sessing a hearty hatred of all that is evil in human nature. With these attributes he; is plunged into deep meiancnoJy &y; his father's unhappy fate, and the effect of his knowledge is his be haviour and actions and word*. An original portrayal of such a character is an event which may be looked upon as epochal. The shattering of a gifted man's hopes, and the destruction of all that makes life dear t« a 'human being, that is the mainspring of the actor's conception of the: character, upon which his ideas- must Ing before the world a thoroughly capable production of Hamlet, and his performance at the Academy of Music last evening 'will long he remembered by those who were present. The house waB full in all parts, and the audience were deeply impressed by the performance. The ghost scene was solemn and awe-iaspiring. The drama which was related produced an effect at once natural and fearful,the tremendous indignation, the pity, filial love, respect, and burning desire for revenge being portrayed with an inten sity wkich stamped the actor as a man of extraordinary genius. In subsequent scenes those with Ophelia were remarkable in that Mr Bentley gave more than usual pro minence to Hamlet's deep lovo for the daughter of Polonius, and the immense struggle which he had to master it. Then, too, the closet scene was a masterful performance, which absolutely chained the attention of the audience, compelling them to a silence which was felt. But there was ** mjwuiuuu uj.igiuttii.bjr uuiui^uuuu oaxr Bentley's performance. Subdued on occa sions, deeply and intensely earnest, with a grasp of all the varied situations in the cha racter, he gave such an intellectual,thought f ul, and clever rendition of those selections which hare been culled as '.' recitations ' that it came as an enlightenment. The closing scene was highly dramatic, in fact painf-illy so, and the whole performance may be regarded as educational from all ? points of view. Of the other members of the company Mr E. B. Russell was care fuT/and thoroughly capable in the part of ClaudiuB, King of. Denmark, the character istics of the' fratricide being well-defined. Polonious, in the hands of the veteran Mr Lachlan M'Gowan, was, of course, an I : acceptable performance. Those who have seen Mr M'Gowan in this character are well aware of his merit, and it may be Bald thafl hfl TYmr?A n'sf.rnnor imTWnejisJ/wi I his advice to Laertes being a wellenun ciated piece of quiet elocution. Mr H. R. Roberts is an oJd favourite here, not as a Shakespearian actor, but a light comedian, but he was always regarded as a promis ing actor, and when hia old friends saw his name attached ? to the character of Laertes they were plea3ed. He fulfilled i anticipations, «ind was especially good in ;the .grave-ya.'d scene and in the climax of the tragedy. Mr Harry Hill. nrnft nm stw-Anli *-*-i J. TT_' ? i_?- _. . ? . * I *-*^ lr »o an oiueiiBUb xiorauo, .quiet and without any undue desire for pro minence. Mr M. Majeroni, as the Ghost; delivered the lines as well as most of those ?whom we have seen in the character of the «™ ? w l?n& an*-Bave entire satipfac 5*™ ?' 8t°n*h*-* was placed for the, player, and in his chief elocutionary effort he scored a distinct success. The same may be said of Mr J. Stark, who enacted the character of the firat grave digger, the well-known witty replies to Hamlet's queries being given with much, humorous ness. Messrs C. Wakefield and A. M. Seaton did well as Eoaencrantz and Guilden stera respectively, and Mr G-eo. Ford de livered his lines a3 the priest with due sternness. Speaking of the ladies Miss Kate Bishop may be coagratulated upon her . enactment of the character of th-? Queen. She was particularly effective in the closet - scene, the remorse of the conscience-stricken woman after Hamlet's denunciation being exhibited vfry finely. Miss Virginia^ Virienne made a hit as Ophelia. She played with a Bweet naturalness in her scenes with Hamlet, and in the mad scene she was intensely pathetic. As the Court butterfly Miss Ioa Laurence was interesting, and Mrs Buckley delivered her lines in the character of the actre3s in such a manner as to show that she is capable of fulfilling more difficult duties. The other characters were in good hands. \- To-night Mr Bentley appears in a double bill, the play ' David Garrick' and the farce 'Oramond Brig' being the pro gramme. 