?%MWl FIRST PUBLISHED] BY MUTUAL CONSENT. By J MARSDEAT SUiCLIM'E, Author of "The Bells of St. B&rnabae;," "The Bomanee olT'&a.; TnmimmB Office/ " BeTealed, by Fire," &c.;, &c.; RALL KI&HTS; EGSEBTED.] CHAPTER X. * There's nothing ill can dwell in such a temple ; 12 the spirit have bo fair a house Good things will strive to dwell in it.' The first ten days of Winifred's -visit passed quickly away in a con tinued round of sight-seeing and mountain climbing-a delightful and invigorating change after the glare of hot, dusty^fareetsaTwi-the close atmos phere of a London hospital. One day was given to a drive to Oban, and thence through the deso late ravine which leads to the scene of the Massacre of (xlencoe. Another day she visited. ^Glenfinnan, wherfe Charles EdwarS, ^ the hapless prince of a hapless lin^taised the standard of rebellion in 1745 that ended so di sastrously on the field of Cnlloden. Another trip was taken to lona and the far famed cave of Fingal at Staffa. With these exceptions the excursions planned for Winifred's benefit were away from the beaten track of the tourist, and introduced her to scenes of awful grandeur and quiet beauty in unfrequented haunts such as the ordinary tourist knows not of. But after a spell of holiday- making Claude insisted that his mother's guest should set about the improve ment of her landscape. The shores of Loch Awe with their multitudinous scenes of peaceful loveliness furnished ample practising ground for her ear liest efforts. Afterwards * barren heath and shaggy wood' were laid under contribution. Claude Maclean proved a rigorous task master. No slave| driver was ever more exacting in requiring his tally of bricks, nor any belie dressing for her first ball more fastidious than he was in his demands. * There is no genius 1 ike hard^work,' be used con stantly to remind her, and Winifred smiled as she thought that he meant her to prove an illustration of his favorite proverb. On wet days they spent many hours together in Claude's studio-a room that once had formed a great state chamber, but which, by the aid of the mason and the carpenter, had been converted into an admirable room for the purpose to which it was devoted. Here Winifred was kept busy com pleting and touching up the work that had been b^gun in the open, and' learnt msaay wrinkles ir6m Claudfe ill the mixing of her colors^ The even ings were given to conversation! and music, Winifred accompanying \ Claude's violin boIos on the piano. Whilst they were thrown together constantly in this manner there were many opportunities for Claude to carry on his attack upon Winifred's heart; bat except from an occasional tenderness of manner and the ardent glance from his expressive eyes, he made no sign and Winifred's fears were lulled to rest. She made no at tempt to analyse her own feelings. Since a new interest had been awoke within her, or to speak more correctly since an old interest had been revived with immeasurably greater strength, it may troiy be said that her one passion was for her art, and her one dream to realise Claude's prophecy of her future. Bat for all Claude's 'appearance of reserve on the subject that lay closest t» his heart, he was fully resolved that before Winifred's stay came to an end he would declare his love, and that never with his consent should she leave Glen Orloch Castle except as his promised bride. It cost him something to restrain himBelf, but he was thoroughly loyal to the under standing arrived at with his mother that he should not speak until she was able to confirm his choice. But there were compensations. To be for ever near the side of a beautiful woman who is sincerely loved, and with hope that love is returned is bliss enough to an ardent lover though no word is spoken, aud every day Claude discovered some new charm m Wini fred's manner and some new feature iu her beauty to call up fresh admira tion and to heighten his passion. It has been said that Claude after following figure painting for some time had abandoned it for landscape. But the desire now possessed him to excel in this branch of art also. | With such a subject to work on as Winifred, he thought no artist could fail in his work. One even ing after -dinner he was watching her" as tehe recited to Lady Falcon ridge an amusing alventure that occurred to them when she was punt ing on Loch A toe, and as he gsueed upon her, drinking in the sense of her beauty, and noting the pare outline of her face, the dainty pose of her queenly head, the superb cur* es of her well developed bust, and the sculptured roundness of her white arms revealed by her low-cut corsage he thought what a magnificent Helen of Troy ehe would make! The next day Winifred consented to sit for j him, and he began the task whi&h; i was destined to bring him frefch fame 1 and a more serious check to his hopes .*«)£ winning Winifred for his wife than he dreamed of. It seemed as if love had given him greater strength ami I delicacy of touch, and he worked like one inspired. j Matters were at this stage when i the last week of Winifred's visit! arrived. It was a bright sunny! morning at the end of August. J Wiuifred was in her room preparing1! for a new expedition, while Lady Faleonridge and. Claude were pacing the oroad terrace at the front of the Castle. 1 Mother,' he said, 41 think the time has come to speak, and before we return to-day I purpose mlriiig Winifred to be my wife.' Lady Faleonridge looked anxiously | at her son, and obserring the firmly j set mi oath and the flashing of his large eyes, she hesitated before deciding ! whethershe should attempt to dissuade ! him from his purpose. Claude re turned her glance, and as her silence continued, he remarked- I * You know mother why I mention j this to you. When you told me of j your intention to ask Winifred to Glen-Orloch you exacted from me a promise that I would not speak to her of my hopes until you had opportuni ties to know her better. I am more 1 than delighted at the affection that j evidently exists between you, and now < I suppose I may go in and win, if I can.' j * Yes, affection is not too rtror g a word for you to use,' said Lady Faleonridge, speaking slowly. (I love Winifred very dearly, as dearly as I should have loved my own daughter if it had pleased. Heaven to have given me that blessing. But-'and Lady Faleonridge paused with an evident look of embarrassment. * But wh<«t, mother P * said Claude. * Why do von hesitate ? is she not beadtiful ? What can yon allege againBt ber ?' * Nothing, Claude, nothing,*' returned Lady Faleonridge. .'You must not leap to conclusions because I hesitate. Let me explain, * * Go on mother,' cried Claude, his brow clouding over, * let us have the explanation before she comes. She will be here presently.' * There is no special cause for anxiety,' continued Lady Faleonridge, * only for caution and delay, so you need not look so moody. I think I know the whole story of Winifred's life from her earliest recollections to the present, except one portion of it. I have not forced myself upon her confidence in any way. She has spoken of herself in a perfectly can did manner, which I have found very charming, and she seems to have told me everything that she could. But -you must forgive your mother's ' bnte, * my dear-I have noticed that she entirely skips all . reference to the time between her father's de*th and her entering upon her training as a probationer at St. Jude's.' * What do you infer from that ?' asked Clande. * I do not wish to infer anything from it-at least not to her disadvan tage, This period between the events is a long one. It is some three yeans £ think, and I cannot help remarking on the strange silence she observes about those years. The omission may be unintentional on her part, or it may not. Hot silence may be doe to other causes.' ' What causes ?* asked Claude hoarsely. Lady Falconridge's glance was turned upon her son with increas- , iog anxiety. She saw that her words : were producing a strong impressionj upon him. j * She may have reasons for not car- i ing to speak of that period of her life/ j i'Yon sorely cannot connect any thing shameful with, one t»o fair, bo BO beautiful, so pure and innocent ?' | cried Claude. j ' I did not say so my son. Have I ! not told yon that the omission may be an inadvertence ? I would fain hope so.* -The fact that you ' hope so* shows that yon do entertain some kind of suspicion,' Claude logically replied. * Not necessarily/ said Lady Falcon ridge. 'Remember that thoogh our acquaintance began several months ago, it is only within the last few weeks that there has been opportunity for confidences*. She may speak of it yet. Give fcer time.* 'That is what you advise, then, mother ? A little longer delay, until she lets the cat out of the bag-eh P I don't see anything to wait for, my ' self; and, if you don't mind, I would ! sooner put my fate to the touch to I day. ! * Yon had better listen to my plan, j before you decide. If you will delay to join ue this evening after dinner 1 will endeavour to induce Winifred \- to abandon her intention of returning 1 to St. Jade's, on which she was fully | bent only a day or two ago. If she , consents you may stay on until the end of September instead of returning | to Kensington at the begining of ' the month. Leave her with me until Christmas and then yon shall ask her, if yon are still in thesame mind.' ' You think you will have found out everything by Christmas,' ex claimed Claude. *1 think she will have told me everything, or else that there is some thing to hide which it will be right for you to know before asking her to be your wife. Her continued silence would be fa bad omen, and I should then judge it my duty to put the question plainly which will resolve all doubts.* * Iff consent to wait until Christmas it-other,' will yoh make me a promise ia leiurn? Promise me if there is anything hidden, as you call it, which may ue painful for you to know, it sh.alf iiot cause her tip forfeit your good will/ ^ ' Host willingly,' replied Liady Fal-ouridge with cordial warmth. * We owe her too much for her to losv; my good will; nor do I think that the.-e is<anything concealed which ©.?ju d' diminish my- affection.. Xiet us wait ahd hope for- the best/ "* Then J agree fe»* your plan,* cried Clan .e kissijag his mother affection ate y as Winifred appeared in the "d »'irwa/ of the .Castle, clad in a wilklur - dress of heather-coloured t\v^t^,*rid wearinga Tam 'o Shantec, which made her seem more bewitch i ig than ever in the eyes of her l-?\er. . > ?. T ue same evening, when the ladies re fired -fi-om thedining-»oom, Lady F.-ic ttfidge began to disclose her |»:aiis,to Winifred, who that moment tat. I lowing thoughtfully into the fire, reckoning up the few days that were Jeit to her. of her visit. ' I hope you have enjoyed your stay at Glen-Orlpch/said Lady Falcon ridg vby way of opening up the con y-Ti'sation. j , Oh, very much indeed,* said ^Winifred,br^htly, .looking up with a beaming face. 51-can never thank 5 oa 'enough, "dear -Lady Falconridge. 'bic'i a month's happiness 1 have . n^ver known before; not since poor ip'-»paidieJ/, ? , : L'tdy Falconridge nodded her head and looked grave. Winifred's obser \ avion lold her volumes. * Evidently,*, she thought, ' there was not a l appy month in those three years abdufc; which she had remained so, mysteriously silent,'> -But she did not jiltuw tue dread of something un I i asanfc lying concealed to deter her, 41- taavebeen wondering1 if you .xr uld "do k kindness to an old woman.. K- xt month Claude returns to Ken sington. He only plays at art here, at Kensington he; works. W hen both of y*»u are .gone l-:sh*ll feel more 1 wely than n*ual. Is it asking too mue» ofyou to ask'you to remain and be the companion 'of a lonely old woman through the winter ?' . * Oh I wisb I could,' cried Winifred ti whom this proposal opened out, a ,vistp> or all manner of pleasant possibilities^ VTh^re is 116 help for i ,' she continued, after reflection. * They. will ekpect me at "St. Jude's next week; and'-might suffer incon venience if X-failed to appear at the &>d of my holidays^* * If that 4s all, I think we can rr range it,' returned Laxly Falcouridge. . ' 11 they cannot release yon 'imme diately you can ^return until they can find someone to replace you ajud then c .inje back to m,e for the winter, I r,»ant someone to jeheer me whilst ( aude is away, and I do not take vki y ^readily to -steangers ;. and if yon wili.>faigive mesaying sp,theproposai Li. npt.a.1 together selfish. It will be vec?, advantageous to your career as in artist for yon to remain here. Titur^time^ will be your own, the ffiidio will beatyour service, and the whole country-side will serve yon for landscape. < ... Winifred was not slow to perceive the advantages of the arrangement, and y«t she felt that if Claude's absence from GHe««-Orloch had not been made part at the scheme she could not have reuiained. For the thought of her approaching depatture from Glen Orioeh had begun to; weigh heavily upon her spirits and had set her thinking over the happy time she had enjoyed. She had discovered that more than the praise which her budding .genius h*d .received, more than, Lady JFalconridge's afyoanuing kindness, more than the strange -wildheauty of the scenery in which she had moved for the first tine, the man who had'been; her constant companion had made her happiness. She knew at last that her heart had passed oat of her own keepingand that she loved Claude Maclean with the whole strength of a first passion. She felt, therefore, that, if Lady Falcoiiridge's arrangement had in cluded a stay with Claude for her daily companion, she must have fled from - the danger. But when she learnt that "Claude's plans for the winter, which were fix»'d, would tatje him away from Olen-Orloch, she consented to temain and prosecute I her art as Lady Falconridge hdd planned, and find in her work the balm she needed for a heart that was sad from the very hopelessness of the passion of which she had become con scious for thefirst time. The authorities at St. Jude'e con sented, on Lady Falconridge's appli cation, to release Winifred. More instructions. from Claude, more sit tings for his picture, and September went by. In October Mr Maclean retnrned to his studio at Kensington, and Winifred plied her Art alone. Herlife passed smoothly and unevent fully after Claude's departure, when having driven to 'Oban from Grlen Orloch, Fate brought her face to face , pith Lord Algy Fijtzherbeit and the buried ghost of the past rose from its grave. 