Town Talk. That it is not true that thle world has 'turned round, and that we are going to have -another summoer. That, before that happens, we are goulg -to haves winter. That this news is authoratitive, because the "?T." man is now taking lessons in meteorology, and in the binomial theorem, .and is therefore in a poeation to talk. That, nevertheless, he must admit that ahe has "had his doubts 'about it" during the last few days, especially when the ahermometer went nearly up to 9D. That that sort of thing in April is not very eecouragiug, obut we shall have to weather \--- [Now, then, do not try to work off that old chesnut again.-En. Q T ] That we have had incipient floods for nobody knows how many weeks past. That we shall have to weather them - [So you are at It again.--ED.] That it is to be regretted that the weather -[Oh dear, oh dear.-ED.]-prevented the football match for the beneflt of the Eclipse Colliery widows from being played. That.everything was ready, but the rain reckoned it had a say in matters, and said it accordingly. That, however, if to-day should be fine, it is expected that there will be a good at tendance of the ordinary public-to say Iaoth ing of the presence of those interested. That so more csharitable ohject could be found titan the granting of relief to those who need it so much, especially through no faultof their own. That everybody is glad to hear that the Government cheque for £250 has been re ceived for further rescue work at the Eclipse Colliery. That it is to be hoped the Technical College work ill soon be ooming along more merrily than ever. That, as it is, the most of the classes are putting in first-class "bin," and, if our young meno and maidens were to join In larger numbers, they would encourage the teachers and benefit themselves more they can possibly a hat a matter for cogrtuatlation is the pro nosed repair of the Boundary-road near the Cotton Company's factory. That It is a pity that it was left so long without some attention, but perhaps that was unavoidable under the circumstances. That considering, however, that the welfare of the town and district is eo much bound up with the factory, it is to be hoped that, in future, whenunything is required to be done there, more promptitude will be displayed. Tiat the squire of Aberdare polled very well at his meeting on Monday night last, and will probably poll much better on the con vincing-day. That he didn't know much English when he came to Brisbsne, but he has "got there all the same." That this shows what striking at a thing, combined with integrity and frogality, will do. That those present on the platform and the enthusiastic supporters in the hall showed that he is much esteemed. That there was one individual somewhere in the bnildiog who contended that the owner of property i (say) Fassifern was not to have a vote if be did not live there, though the men lived jhere were to have votes. That this individual did not go far enough. That he should h(ave stipulated that, unless the said men were in favour of the "labour leaders," they, too, shoeld be robbed of their votes, which should be handed, over to "labour leader" snpporters either in Fassifern . or in some other electorate. That, of course, it would not matter about Ut ir living out of an electorate for which they claimed the votes-that wouldn't signify at all That, taken on the whole, the questions asked the candidate were not particularly brilliant. That, some time ago, a good many people wore inquiring to the whereabout of the mem ber for Loekyer. That a question asked mnuch oftener just now is Wmaue mB·cAoonr? That it is said that some of the Bendanba electors--mighty few of them though-wake up a night and warble Oh, whereand oh where is our dearGlassey goene? Oh, where and oh where can he be? With ,aisq?ogha', his eota, and'his new snarrage laws-- . We're lopely till him we do 4I - That, judglag from present circomstances, it will beoome time before they see hint, beause people~re saylag that he knows be hansn't got a ghost of a show of beingre-elected, and so bhe intendi to chuck Bundanba over. That the miners of Buundanba, as a rule, have plenty of spirit, and it is to be hoped that they will have spirit enough not only to chuck Glassey over, but to chuck him ounrif he comes prowling round there any more. That a number of good things have been said by the present candidates at one time or .another. That Lord's definition of a "sqtatter" as " one who squats" was really capital. That Hall's retort that he was willing that a tax should be put on bachelors, provided one was also put on old maids, was neat and effective. That another case was that of Barlow, wiho, when asked who caused the "Government" land-grant map to be issued, replied that, if it, was a "novernmeUt map," Ihe supposed that the Go~enment had ordered it to he issued. That this sally brought down the house. That lMacfarlane'e remarke about "kicking nore" were none too slow. That other candidates also worked off their little efforts, which as a rule were much ap preciated by everyblody except tile questioner. That at Barlow ansd Macfarlane a meeting the labour-leaders were io great evidence in the interrogation-line. That some of the questions asked were non sensical in the extreme, such tlhat as asking Barlow whether he endorsed what was saidby somebody else in some other electorate-and that somehodly not even a colleague of Blar low's. That thie matter of an alleged dereliction of duty on tile part of a joustice of the peace, however, appears to Ie a setious affair, and should he inq oired into by the authorities as soon as possible. That eer? l mans entitled to a vote should have it-no nsotr wtat aore Pis political op'n ions That secveral things seem pretty clear in oennectiou with the elections. That one is that, whether the Ministry go in for retrenchment or not, they will have it urged upon them often enough by the new -ouse--f we are to believe the candidates. That two forms of this retrencelin nt may be "dockine down" the iilitary astiomtes and the Civil Service, or perhaps the pensions list. l That the present outlay on theilhitary is both outrageous and quite unnessary. That, of course, a big rhauti of thie vo e goes to the big boy oilicro.. That, in a coulntry like tibis, with only a little over 400,000 inhahitants, it is ridiculous to npe the military systems of countries with a population of thirty or forty olillions. That half the pre.ent expecllse would provide, on a different basis, a far more nuieross and quite as effective a boIdy of men as at present. 