THE MYSTERYI THE TOWER. 1 cc TaLK or TRUILLISE 1ITIRUET, rT S HLPLLEN aOEWIN PlMLJE, at Athobsrus of 'Lovaely Nell," 'A Battle for at Lve,"0 tubly Doomed," "A Little Sires,' c" I4,ar's" Fat," "Lawn the Beautiful," Iwo Fortnne+, T"8tisely erered, kc. ,I CeI 'PTER XVIII. A cowAKDLT TiHiLSrT. t Japer Prince looked as though he was If ong to strike Sibyl, but perhaps he wae f h te nearly.b'lide himself with fury to it jnow exactly what he was aoout. Sibyl, after the first invmroluntary recoil, n Her Heart was beating fast and fierce; te small, proud head was well 'ip; the Fr tautdul, dare eyes defied him. RV L.per was recalled to himself. Hlia dekncld hand uropped Hle smoothed his ,r rnied and d storted countenance as well as he wa aabl's. . )aing, he said, in the soft, caress hu soie hIn adly assumie for Sibyls c neftit, "' wre you loo ing for me 1" at Mtonster," she retorted, with icy con fenlp. Ilow much money are you oing ar t, iehim t" ' Pala than he already was, Jasper could not well get; but the lock of fear and rage .re back to his face, though he kept it a ittle better under controL Hie knew now that what he had feared Est was true. She had been lisatening; and he renmembered noticing, as he came out, that the inner door of the short ps much had she heard? was the qnests.. What had he and Varle said i tie tried to recall the conversation. We said enough, if she heard it all, tog give the whole business away," he thought, th with an unspoken cuse on his own stupid iin his excitement and consternation, he t turned and went back toward the tower door almost without knowing it. " '\hatever is to be done, must be done f quickly now," he said, without being con- , sceus that he had spoken. Prson life had given him a dangerous , habit of thinking aloud at times. of Sibyl could not bee his face, but the strange words, some queer, chily change ' in his roice as he attered them, sent an Icy creeping thrill over her. he reauised vaguely that something w dreadful was about to happen. p Wast ass it? What did he mean by vI saying "At any cost?" What was he h going to give that horrible doctor money for? All at once it burst up3n her. In a flash she knew what it all meant. It meant-murderl And the v;ctim was to be Kenrickt I A scream rose to her lipe,,but did not pass them. 9 He, heart was throbbing frightfully, and cruel shudders shook her trom h at to tot. If she uld only get to that iior--d she could only keep uis wretcn from going through it. But her limbs quaked under her; her tongue seme l aralysed. nen all at once that helplessness of P horror seemed to lift. Somehow she got between the impostor and the tower door. Just at this moment a servant appeared at the farther end or the corrid i, with ab cardin his hand, and an air,of being inb search of some one. ehuried toward them. Jasper turned round. "A gentleman in the library to see you. Mr Prince,'" the man said, extending tne ard. h Jasper took it, and without glancing at the name said, carelessly: SVery well; I'll be down in a moment." Then he turned again to Sibyl. "Come, darling, let me tike you to your room," he said, for the servant to hear. But the look in his eyes was not for the n man to see. Sibyl stood still, deathly pale, waiting. ie went toward her.1 " Come," he said again, his voice mild. I his looks threatening. ibytl's eyes met his. It was like steelt meeting steel. SYou had better go and see what the gentleman in the library wants of you," tUe said, in white defiance. "l Delsys are dangerous sometimes." Ja'sp'r glanel hurriedly at the name in scribed on the card he held, and started as thcugh lightning ha struck him. Ile cated sharply to the retreating servant, and went toward him in such ex c rtement that he did not notice that Sibyl f fllowed him noiselessly, gliding again hhmnd the window draperies where she had been at first concealed; This window was so situated that, as she hoped, she was a'ole to hear what Jasper taI to the servant. "I don't want to see this gentleman,' hE said to theinan, in low voice. "In fact, I won't see him. At the same time, I d d not wish to iesult him by a refueal. eou understand, Willism ' Just tell hin 1 a m not at home, willyou? And tellhin so he wilt believe it." William promised to do his best, and I wenDt off grinning. Sibyl clasped her hands. . If I could only see that man in the 1 lirary. th, I mustt It is some one he dare not meet. I saw terror in his wicked < face-deadl terror." Japer linee turned to look for Sibyl. She was nowhere to be eeen, but Hello I h hd just come out of the tower while he I wss t.lking with William, and stood there waaching him curiously, noting with seme weoder his pale and excited looks. I Lie aaw bet, lie· hues tliat for many rresons it was absolutely necessary that he shon'] onciliate her. As he went toewrd her, he shot stealthy and searching glances in all tirections for Sibil, but in lhs flusry and dtiocomliosure, never thought of the window. Ife rent to Belle and put his arm around hrr. She, fresh from that dreadful inter n vie with Doctor Varle, with Jasper's own Lbrutal words still ecboing in her ears, shuddered at the caressing gesture and dtrcc back and sway from bun with whiten' e ll, what is it now ?" she demanded, angrily, lifting her gleaming eyes to his e.It's the devil and all, sure," he whis poeed, with his lips to her eer. "Captain Dunning's here." "I don't believe it" " le is." showing her the card in his hand. "Heis down in the library. Of course he asked for Kenlick, and it is Ken rilk he wants to see, but le would Ilk to see me a lot better. I told W\illiamn to tell him I was not at home. IHe can't have got onto the racket, doyou think? ilecan t be here l.oking for me Bele had taken the card fromthiu. She ggaed at it with a gloomyeXpresoiou, rwth out speak~ing. "CCome to my mother's room," Jasper siidd " "We cn't talk here.' Bells went with him, mechantcally. ShS was sbrilled to thesual at the thonght th tt her father, whom she tore', tbough she had b eharsd 'o bily to him, was sorear. Ah, how she vnagt"i teo s hfm, a·n' wit bear hers aboi his nech, cry out her heart' ache or' his oresit, as slis used to when she was achiht(. unt that could not be. M Mdam uetl was not in ler ajpartments. ( "Wher canse n :t"' .aper en claite irfb~ frttaty s'Oler tioiugthrlbu'ih the ruti ci li re wa agois ovut frlehicnetd. B ta' his nature togit sti be could out o' Fs n'tbre sad hi' anlle was she otlyn one ah'i Id 5tstl, hisi much I,, hibi prlseni siralt. ioellri' 51 sf1 the man known as dIck lalsey, it wonlt take some Ipretty tall lying to force him ofl the scent. tir Vaoul . "adtam huel be equal to it . r iHe may hare heard smetlhing about be Ilelle being here," ho mused. "The very bhought of him in the house makes my bloolt sa colt," he tail, alond, to Ilelle, "hut of course ar the probability is that he wants to see Ken. cii rick about something that don't concern me at all" lit "bhy not face the music then, and go and see what he wants " lBelle suggested, ''I Soolyt. " You are Kenrick." to " " Jasper exclaimed, with stli lips. " I wonder if you don't think I'm foil enough to tie Belrle shrugged her graceful shoulders. ev " I know quite well that you hare not the nerve todo it. If you had, you ould You an look more like 'enrick t'rince than you ido like Iick IHalsey now, since your bent and te hair have agrown If you can make these I le1e acre, who knew your brother so will, h6 ieliere that you are be, I should not think it bl suule ta so vrry hard to cheat one poor old w; man like John IDunoing." " I could not cheat him into believing I an 'm any one bt HaIlsey, and you know it. he Wnat is the use of talking thit way'' to "How w ould onu like to hare me go down he an'd so him" Belle asked, coolly. cc You " Jasper sneered. "l' Perhaps you , "ent for him to come." e YesI Well, I have a min I to go and ,sk him to take mn away with him. I nami ot about tiredl of this." " I)Doe that mean you hare a mind to go and till him I am here-I, Rick Halsey, c whoa he would give his two eyes to get Sy uebinil his bolts and bars again I" lb ' I'erhalp." Jasper did not know what to think. iHes oecan to be afraid she meant it. lie went and put his arms round her, and *r,"w her to him. gr lle submitted to the embrace passivelyr hat was all. Jasper ki'sed her. m " Donat you lore me any more, Ielle! I" pt " I think I should like to go an stay with i ay father-poor old man. I believe I will h' go anl ask him to take me away with him." to Sl sail lit to fr.ghten him, She had not the slightest intenti in of going. hi Hie was frightened. tIe thought she meant ti betray hitn. " I don't know what makes you hate me 'a as all at once," he said. di " Don't you think I had belter go with my father: It would be a much easier way of " jetting tid of me than to hare to hire some 6: me to shoot, drown or poison me, as they do bh ,ti d'ogs or horses when they want them out Si' of the way." " Wnar do you mean by that!" he asked, at Ayeing her suspiciously. ' I don't men t i I: et ri t of yiou," he ad !ed, with a sullen air. I don't know what you 'ant lo go on tha'. at way for. It looks agool deal more asthougit you wantedl to get rid of mi. You know a= vcry werll that if your fattier aire to see you, he waubl know I was here, tO,." at " Oh," an ina q' er, turthies laugh broke over thc bautilul i is. fo The deor behind Jasper opened suddenly, t, and Madam Iuil came into the rcm. She lohk.i uueastly from one face to the t other. ni " Who is it in the library "" she askedt Irr scn " I heard Billism tell some one , rst Here otI at homeu. You toll hirto say ., I suppose?"e 'Is he there yet '" Jasper askel, with a Ii oh of fear st "Yes. I was coming up sttire and I heird him say to Witism that he woudo w it awhile, s he wishe Ito see you onim- 1, portat business. Why don't you godown ? p it is a stranger, I am sure I shou d hare w r.'ogntsed his voice if it were anyone I know." to "No stranger to him or me," Hlae said, n briefly. "Tu'e man is C.ptain Dunning." h 3Mdam liurl underatoo'l. She turned de.dly p .c. It Mother," said Jasper, "you will hare tl to go and see if you can find out what he sants. It is not very likely it is anything d lout me, unless by some uck he shou d hare got wind of the relationship. i don't see howr it can te anything abo tut m; but iof course I can't face him. Ite would know m+ at once " Madam put her hand to her side. t. "I dont see how I can," she said, des- a peiringly. "It seems to tme that I coull h never go through with it." ft Jasper made a morement of impatience. "Some one has to go through with it," a lie said-" some one of us three. Can Ielle rI do it?" "Why need any of ts see him? Ie a thinks you are out,and he will tire of wait ing, perhaps, and go away." " yes, to come back, if his business is o rs important as he says, and catch me when I am not looking for him,' said Jasper "I tell you some one must see him and find n tut what is up. Thatis the onlysafe way , You hadl better go and sce it he has tracked me here, and get up some story to a secr.l him off acain. You know," he a addted, voice and look hardening, a threatening light coming into his black eyes,' what I said I sh.uld do if the worst t camen?" Poor Madam Ruel turned upon him a r gaze of imploring and agonised question' 'I'hetha worst," the murmnred, faitatly. "I-I don't think I remember, Jasper." CIIHAtTEl XIX. TtelUaIt It TaE LBBaRT. 'I'lle went and put an arm around * "'a"'u chant g' one stcp unless you choose," abe stid, decisively. "I'll go I nto,,'lfficat."1 'ii, croue now," sneered Jasper. " lot a' all quarrel about who shall goand hare it all aut with old Dunning. Il I have to go. there trlal be only one way in which I can rI''C" I am not the man he is certain t' ialet I am-that it, t'a show him IDoctor I \'arle's jaient lt t owre." A cry of horror broke from Madam hnrl's I lCowar i i" enclnimd 'elle, bitterly. I I hare had his head sharel and his I o':Lardl taken 'll." Jasper went on, defiantly. a ".acd he Inks a .'xl deal more like Rick I ttalsey than I do." ytn'?nm lifted her shaking hands. *Ni more -no mire 1" s'ae gospel our.t "s ice me some of mc medicine, Lucy, and 1 sill gi ant see what I can do." MeanwhIle, ·ibyl, in her concealment,hadt watCeed eagerly the meeting between the iin1igstor ansi the so-called Lucy Veaner,ant I drew her own conclutions. Jasper spoke too tow fir her to catch more than a trit or two of what pssiel, but she sa w ani heart rOouch to strengthen tier con Sriction that thoro was a 'nyolery about the man in the library, ant she resulted to see him. huicmkly commonIng Pn lence Osrt to lake her place in watching the tuner door, she sent hercelf to the library. * As she entered the room, a gentleman rose I ant 'towild to her. Ite was not a ylung man. Is hair was o quilr ger ant be wire a hoary grey beart. I hut he was still hanisome and rather disg t tinguished-loohitW. thosgh he hal thlb I snidest eyes Sibyl thought she had ever t 'ce motioncdlhim to he seated, and askedl dre yau wactins for any oiae 1' SI cncao tat see aIr Kenrick Prince," he answered. graselt. "The sereant tells me he is not at hlanae. but as my buginese is Im porlant, I thiught I wonld waitta little, on t Ibe chance of his coming lin." Sihyl hcattatei a moment, sad saId: ' I am Mrs Kearick Priete. Perhaps itis Ssomething I can serv you In." "t'oI'bly. tty named. IDusning," he an. swererl, presottingl her tith hlcard. "I am wardeta af the nitlentiary at Ryde. One of the psrlonere eccaped a few weeki ago. ant wse are dtill searching for bit Iw eumo is hick Ialsey. This note, signet Kenrick 'ritice. sa' found in the priton only yeater. tatr. at ly ut tII m- if that s your hons ol h'aa't wrritang I lwit it leate." ha Fibyl wag trembling like a leaf as she took it the note. t nR'Ers Iticte" she read : " Tb' money 'taier fir nos whaeaeey yen ate ready foe CtwxlCz Parees.", That was all. Few words. no date, no ad. dress, and the ink looked faded, the paper i1 worn and yellow, as though the note had sli been written a gooi while. an y es, it is my husband's writing," she said. in lor. faltering tones, scarcely able to dr articulate the words, so great was her ea. as citement and agitation. yo Captain Dunning compressed his lips a little. ra ' I most see JIr Prince," he said, sternly. "' Can you tell me when he is likely to re- do tern I" Sibyl caught her breath sharply. She was hi rdeadly pile. c " I cannot," she said, gaspingly. "I oo' t he even Iknow where he is 1-"to She stroggled a moment with her emotion h, and burst into tears. a The door openel ani Madam Iloul en. hi tere l. Captai D)unning rose and bowed, as he an had at Sibyl's entrance, much impressed bry the beautiful and imposing-looking woman. M aldam moved 'orward with regal step and haughty carriage. Si,' hd nerved th herself for thr ordeal, and the eight of her al wronged son's brave andt lovelyyoung wife Wl here in conference with the enemy-be he evidently agitated, she in tears instead of weakening hier resolution, strung her f nerves to still stronger tension. What had they been saying to eachti other ? What had Sibyl toll him ? Well, i there was only one course to pursue. " Sibyl, my child," she said, with oppre.- ia sire gentleness, "you have been exciting "" yourself again. That is very wrong. I ju think you had better retire. Sibyl understood the significance of the th softly spoken words. to Hecr two.s dried instantly. The dark, graceful he id was liftel. She looked at ti Madarm with calm, defiant eyes. at " Tihanks," she said. " I prefer to re m tin. TAoi gentleman has just been e- re plaining to me omeu business he has with ht my husband. HIe wishes very much to see Kenrick. Perhaps you can tell him where co to find him." Madam felt a chilly thrill run through °' her. in "My son,";she said, looking at Donning. "I am very sorry. Ile has just been calle 1n away by telegram to see a sick friend at a C' distance." " Indeed ?" Captain Dunning returned. t " I understood from the servant that he had only gone out for a little and mightbhe bask at any moment. I got that impres a sion at any rate" i '" The man did not know. Mly son went away in great haste," Madam said, pleas antly Sibyl stool dumb and bewildered with am:azement at the ready lie. " Is your business important?" Madam askel . d "'ro me-very," Captain Donning said, tl and explained. M Idam's white hands clenched in the folds of her silken robe. hier blood seemed i to freeze in her veins. Iut what horrible chance had that i terrible letter fallen into Captain Dun ning's hands ? But she was able to suppress all out h ward token of her terrors. She took the poor, faded and soiled scrap of writing in her hands, and nos a et line of her calm, handsome face told of the struggle within; not a quiver of the pale, marble-likes features hinted how tihe mother's aching breast was wrung and lacerated at stght of those characters i penned by the unhappy son she had so wronged. More passionate than ever in his life sI before it seemed to her, she loved him b' now, in this hour when she was wronging I him so bitterly. SThis does look like my son's writing a little," she said, quite calmly, " but I don't think it is, and I never hear t him mention , any one by the name of Dick-Dick-what did you say the name was ?" a Hick Halsey." a "Ah, yes. No," thoughtfully, " I am sure I never heard of such a person." Mlight he not have known HIalsey withi'.t your ever hearing of him ?' Cap si taoin Dunning iuestioned, mildly. "I feel at any rate as though it is my duty to use him. Ca'n you give nie the address of the friend Ahic trelegrapheld for him I" "'The telegram was from Columbus, i Ohis. and the name was Saville," MadamB said, blandly. \- And the street and number? They mmut have been on the telegram." II Mldam ta made a despairing gesture. d ' I don't know anything about it. Klien- d rick bus tihe telegram with him." C'aptain IDunning glanced at Siryl. It is very odd, he thought, that the n mother knows where he has gone and the wife does not. Sibyl was gazing at Madam Buel with an expression of wonder and scorn that amazed him. She spoke at last in slow, clear, contemptuous tones : " our son, Madam, may have receired a telegram and gone to Columbus, as you say. My husband-Kenrick Prince-has not" Madsm just glanced at her. She had enpected some such outburst as this allthe thne. " No 1" she said mildly and kindly, and' locking signifiantly at Captain Dunning' just touched her forehead with one jewelled hand. Captain Dunning understood. His coun· tenance changed. lie looked distressed and shocked. " So that is the meaning of it all," he thought. "'rhis lovely girl, avith a fctce lieo a dower, and such sweet, true eyes, is insane. Who would have dreamed it?" Sihvl read his thought, and smiled half sadly half in scorn. " Captain Dunning." she said, firing her clear, steady eyes upon him, "do I look like an insane woman ?" M1Jy dear Sibyl " interposed madam, in softent tones. ' Madam tuel," asid Sibyl, turning upon hb r, " if l am insane, why do you not send me to an inoane asylum? You dare not attempt it. You sire not allow any specialist in mental diseases to see me. Yoe are afraid that he might discover too ucrich method in my madness, and be curious whether my ravings have any foundation iniact" " Good heavens!" thought madam. " What will she say next ?" She looked at Captain Dunning, arching her eyebrows, and smiling deprecatingly, as mu:h as to say: D1on't mind her. She don't know what she is saying, poor child!" Sibhy was thinking Ifst. The bare thought crssoed her that the impostor might be Rick Halsey, hut it was too stunning a conclusion to be acceptod at the first glance. CCould there have been any itelegraun she wondered. Of course not. Could tle impostor even have left the house? She did not believe it. the had heard him say to lelle: " Come to my mother's room." "'I am almost certain he is there now," she thought. " Oh, if I couldonly contrive to hare this gentleman see him!" Csptain Itunnitg looked embarrassed. Us rose from bischair, muttering some thing about going. "Oh, if you only would!" thought -madam. " Shall you go to Columbus ?" she asked him. himI thintk so-yes. Perhaps I can find the name Savillo in the directory. I urn so very anxious tosee Mr. Prince. tie may . know something important about this man SHalsey." M Madam tuel shuddered inwardly. SSiulty, slightly inclining her head to Captain hlnniing, slipied quietly frot the 1 room, and ran upstairs. ihe went straight to Madam tuel's room. She opened the door without; knocking, and saw Jasper. SWitheou attoring a word, abe shut the door again, and few to interoept Captain Dunnias before he uhoeld get away. SCapt Unsning was just comag outo the rary, with Madam lstl belde him, talklng volubly, At the sight of Sibyl and her excited 1l face, madam pressed in front of Dunning o slightly, and whispered to him with an anxious air: ti "1 am afraid there is going to be a dreadful scene. Pray get away as quickly to as possible. She may quiet down when n you are gone." Captain Dunning moved with an accele- I rated step toward the door. Sibyl's dark eyes flashed at madam ' defiantly. " Captain Dunning," she called, in sweet, I high-pitched tones. " You have been de ceived. No telegram has come to this w house to-day. No one has gone from here o to Columbus. The man that woman callas Kenrick Prince is hiding now in her room, a. afraid to meet you. You had better see him. Ile may be the very hick Halsey you are looking for!" ri CHAPT1E SXX. SUSPENSEs. b Captain DLunning piused, arrested by B the imperativeness of the call, thrilled in s4 spite of his conviction that Sibyl's mind was unsettled by the startling nature of i her assertions. t Then he caught sight of Madam iuel's h face. An agony of fear was on it. k " (o, go, go !"' she breathed to him, with il white ips, lilttig both hands, trembling a with excitement. h 11i hesitated an instant, then went hur. Ii riesdly on, driven by the awful force of that si anguished appeal almost against his k judgment. disdainm Rluel swept like a tornado across h the wide hall, and up the velvet stairway c to where Sibyl stood. Half a dozen servants, hearing something unusual, had rushed to the spot, and were .taring with all their might, t At an angry gesture trom madam they " retired precipitately, hut not beyond c hearing. g " A few more exhibitions of this kind," said Madam Ituel, fiercely, to her lovely3 daughter-in-law, " and no specialist will be needed to decide upon the question of your iusanity." Sibyl scarcely heard her. She was look. lug with an emotion almost of despair after Captain Dunning a receding figure. Evidently he regarded her warning as the wild talk of a crazy ,roman only. Would any one ever believe her again ? "How much longer are you going to stand here for the servants to stare at?" madam asked, angrily. Sibyl withdrew her gloomy gaze from watching the distance, where ca'ptain Dun. P ning had vanished. "Madam nfuel,' she said, in low, solemn tones, "you hate mue I know, but I can't believe you are bad enough to want mur der done in this house." Madam started violently, and caught at the banister, .s if to save herself from , falling. " Go up stairs!" she biased, In more c bitter tones than before. " You must be mad, indeed, to say such things." . Sibyl's "ark, gloomuy gaze rested wonder ingly on her countenance a moment; then, without another word, she turned and left her. Madam Duel went, with slow, dragging steps and heavy heart, back to where Jasper and Belle anxiously awaited her. Jasper looked with gloomy, angry looks u to her account of what had pasted. An expression of absolute terror cale into his c) es, when she told what Sibyl had e said about his being Itick Halsey. "iood heavens!" he cried. "Whats shall be done with her ? She is not sfite to be at liberty. She may say the same thing to anyone. It is a shame she got into the library and heard what Dunning was after I should think you might have kept her out" " She was ahelady there when I went in. 'rhe mischief was already done." said his mother. "All I could do was to tell him she was crazy." " Did he believe you ?" "He seemed to. What in the world mtade you keep such a letter as that? I should think you would have destroyed it the instant you had read it." "So should 1,' said Jasper, sullenly; "but it seems I didn't." " Well, it is that letter that has done the mischief." " Perhaps no mischief is done," said Belle. "1f he thinks Sibyl is insane, he won't pay any attention to what she said. If he goes to Columbus, as he spoke ol doing, we shall know there is no harm done."t "I don't believe he will go." "IHe said he should, and I think he meant it." " So do 1," said Belle. " But it is easy enough findingout whetherhe does ornot." " fow '" "D Iy watching him." BI'd like to know who is going to do the watching!' Jasper growled. "I will." " lo 1"' he exclaimed, contemptuously. And madam looked frightened. Belle shrugged her shoulders. 1 can fix myself up as he will not know me. I a goool at that sort of thing. lie sites, there is no need of his seeitg me. Shall IgoY' " Yes, I stpposo so," said Jasper, unu graciously. 'It's s risk, hut wesre go to tint out sotuehow whit becomes of hint. Yotu are not going to play me any double game, are you, Belle 1' ** H'ell, not this afternoon," she sial slowly. " I can't promise for the future." li ele looked expres'ively at Madam Duel as she left the room to prepare, auit madse feliwed her. l How is my uthappy rtn i' madam ques tioned in a breathless shisger. D Doing better than I expected," Itchy answered. "but don't lot Jasper have any mos.ey. tIe is sure to ask you, and there is mischirf brewing between him and Doctor Varle. If you want to stop it, doe't give him any tooney." ltelle spoke in a whisper, too. alrone shuddcred. She thought of Sibyl's *tresdful wrnds. N Not a petny," she said, clenching her teeth. Jasper waited till Ilelle had gone, and then sure enough he ill a'k his mother for money, so large a sam-Sfie hundred dollars -that her bloot turned chilly is her veins. "Whbat can yeu want that sum of money for,Jaiper ' she ashne. i want it, and that is enough. I want ii ,o.tleht. too," he slid, surlily. ** To-niohi 1" Iadam Iuel fairly g sped. She itshook her head slowly, and without 'Pr aking. Jaler looked at her with darkly.argr . imnpaient eye's. r I one it is old 'arle, if you must knon'," he said, "though I don't see what dihirerce it mates." p Italam uttered an xcelamattion of horror. 1 You can't have five tttndredulollartfrom trie to diye to himri." she sail. bitterly. '* Wthv not to him in particular '" he asked. tritecaule you can't ouv him any such sum as that for anyg I purpose. o "·Oh, indeed.l ht'e'l, w\hat bat ittrpos' coull owe to him for I Come, talk it right oat I"' ' I will not give you the money. "'itou mtust, mother it you want sen I est sell." he saId, a lititleless tlt~nsturedl' t than he hat spoken before. "I promised D) tor Yarle five hundred down as soon as d he not here ithe would undertakte the case. It is a ilcperate one, you know, and the s ituatIon ts deperate. WVe cant uhe up the nJ whole time of a physician like "'arle, and 7 keep the business a secret, to', for nothing. Hie reasonable neos mo~her. You know I haven imoney. Delis has got it all." "I will not let you have the money, O malum repenatedonce more. mVary wull-dln't then I" he said,nagrily. it "You're got some nonsunse in your head about i'rle that you had hetter ge t out of it I. if )os want Ken ever to be sill again. Varle won't stay wilthut money." * "Thank God! " madam en'claimed, for a vently. "I will thank Gad on my kaeea the hour that spcntre.facsd demon is oat of my i boaset" 5, " Yooasafstool" Jasper ogmmed tb tsar blel fatuh, and went out ct She rola, shutting the door with a bang that echoed over the house. lie did not know what to do with himself till Berle came back. II did not like to leave the upper floor or to go out of doors, lest Captain Dunning might return and run across him. Belle was gone a long time. It grew dark. th lie was worried and anxious. re Madam Iuel came out into the hall now A and then, where he was walking hack and se forth ceaseleesly. She looked troubled, too, g. but she di I not speiak to him. bt lie started to go ant have a conference ol with Doctor Varle, but as he came in sight or of the door, Sybil Prince emerged from the at shadows and faced him, pale as a ghost, vi and with strange, menacing eyes. w tIe went into his own apartments at last, a "Curse these women, anyway I" he fa muttered, as hie stamped about over the bi richly-carpeted floor. " If it is not one, it is ag anather. If I hod that money now, I donut m know but I would throw up the whole of busiines here and run for it. Why don'tl ca lelle come! I swear I begin to be afraid pr she has gone back on me I o " No, she wouldn't do that," he corrected I1 himself, after a pause. "She is too fond of co me. I wish I know positively whether she w has that money. But I don't, and I don't w know how to find out. She would be just as th likely to pretend she had it when she hadl so never seen it as any other way. And if she a has it, I couldn't make tier give it up unless ge shte chose, to save my life. I dton't believe se she knows what fear i+. Nothing short of at killing would ever conquer her." yr lie ground out a savage oath as he flung bx himself into a big, purple-cushioned easy- at chair and sat scowling. in IThere came a soft tap upon the door. vt S"Come in I" he called, rritably. ec It was Belle. Shite made an exquisite pic- st ture as she ýtulss there, framed in the door. I way. The Ilame of the gasujet near lighted at up the branzy, glittering hair, and made the it gleaming eyes look like emerald stars. n "Come inside and shut the door, can't an you " Jasper said, with nervous impatience. a, " You dlon't suppose I want the whole house to hear what I am saying 1" at ' Why not 1' Helle retorted, provokingly, t as she came in and closed the door. ci ' What made you so long? Hae he gone?" vi asked Jasper, eagerly. ht Belle nodded. Is " I hat to wait till after dark to find out. p tIe has only just now gone away, on the a stage that runs to the junction. I began to an be afraid he was coming back here." a " Not gone till now I" Jasper exclaimed. A " What has he been doing 1" tl "Going about the town, questioning an people slyly about the situation up here at at the Hall." ts Jasper blanched. x "Suspicious,eh1 That looksbad . 3ome h of my mother's blundering, of course. Ila won ler if he found out anything 1" a "I don't think so. The sentiment of the d villace seems to be all one way. Mrs Ken. e rick rl'ince is supposed to have been made p crazy by the injuries she received in the a smash.up, and, if John Dunning had any d duebts on the subject before he questioned e these people, I don't think he has any now." b Jasper looked at her curiously. b " Well, what is it?" she asked. " Why do a you look at me that way l" b '" You always call your father John t Dunning now," he said. e "" I don't intend to disgrace him by ever t calling him father again while you are I alive," ltelle said, calmly. V " Nol" he questioned. " Perhaps you t expect to outlive me P" I think I shall, iu spite of you," Belle f said, very quietly, hut litting a gaze to his It face that somehow made him feel chilly. C " I wontder." he said, trying to throw o It the luncomfortabie sensation, " if Dunning t will come back here aolnd try again, after Le has sone Columbus to his satisfaction!" "Most certainly," Belle returned, moving toward the door. " Wait a minute I" Jasper exclaimed. " I want to talk to you about that money. " Do you mean that you want to choke me about it !" she askued, drily. .1Ispcr li'ikei like a tbuader-cloud for a moment. Then he forced an awkward, con stra'ned kind of a laugh. " see here, Belle," std he, "what is the use of being in a muass all the time. Let us kiss anid make up.' " With all my heart !" she answered. f Andl, going back to him, she laid a hand I lightly on his shoulder, and, leaniog over i him as be sat, touched his lips with hers. Jasper Prince shuddered violently and 5 drew back, looking up, at her with eyes oft I wonder and almost fear. I What is the matter with you?" he deo man led, sharply. "l don't want any more ki-aos like that one. Your lips are eoldor than icicles.' lBelle laughed a little-a laugh as chill as the kiss hat been. Jasper continued to look at her, "What a queer girl yeaU are I" he said, i slowly. "The queerest girl I ever knew the queerest ever madle, I do believe." IlBer made no answer, only stood giving him back gaze-for gaze, calm, level, cold, anl with that strange something in the Idepths of the curious lovely eyes that made him rvaguely uncomfortable. S (To be continued.) 