New Bills, I BORDER WOOL TRADE BUJjif PRESS OPINIONS. v|fg (From the Sydney Daily Telegraph.) . Tire aoato railway rivalry botwaon Nevr-f Sooth Wales and Queensland has at last 00I- '/ 3| minatod in a declaration of fiscal rwaY tethers knifo. This was formally mado in top Querns- Vs land Assembly on Wodnosday nlglff, when the '£1 first step of an offensive campaign was catered 'La unon bv tha intmHnntinn nf n 11111 to nnnrtllM 'r/S the Bonding of station produce acrois'tho Nbw's South Waloa border. Upon all wooltor other .? produoo dispatched in that way for shipment an export dnty of firty shillings per tan ie-to Jii bo imposed with the avowed objeot 'nf venting Queensland trado from benefiting railways. ThooxouBofor this roiorl to the mothoas of old timo flsoal barbarism is that1' throoghtbo ngonoy of difforontlal rates tho4f® New South Wales linos aro unfairly appropria-'a ting bnsinosb whioh shbuld go to those of 'the'kn other oolonv. undor whioh circumstances Sir J'/t Thomas M'llwraith maintains that it is'cha'>71l: dnty of tho Queensland Govornmont " to for its own trade." In this fight Qaeenilmsd? nscd tho woapon of differential rates quite as- 'io, readily as New Soath Walos did, bnt' gofc'r,;",.> worsted, and now folia baok upon a aavogoly " / disorlminating oxporb tariff. This doubtedly gives it full command of tto ritmb'vl lion as far as tho trado contended for is con- -. ccrnod, and nothing romains for onr Railway-" Commissionors to ao in rennootlon thereiriUivXi bnt gracefally givo up tho ghost, ppon 4uvguwu vi uiuor«i»utk »i«« wu i»vu "4rs»uy , / '/, written at length expretsiog regret |that tab colonies should nndor any cironmBtaooes bf ' found wasting thoir etrength In ignobly strng-'i-,1» gliog to fllcb each other's trade by what realiy axnonnts to bribing with tho taxpayers xnonoyj cortain pooplo to patronieo cortaln-railwaybi-C which othorwlso tboy would ignore. The trado whioh could not bo scoured without re- .--i courso to this tricky dovioo r.osd soaroely bo- regarded as a loss whon taken awabensef. ?. qoently it is not an that icqimic thftttke pro sont action of Qneonrinnd i-i hnrtfnl. It is the wanton in-ult offored by it to the ns»ornt v but unf-.rtunately ncglcutetl fodcral snntiment.yTS. f>po»Uno< uriy straggling into lifo between the - 'l colonios that is oiiiofly deplorable? -Were wo fooli-h enough to tako up thn gage of .tariff battle to tho s-raio spirit as it has been thrown - down, wo might, perhaps, havo little difficulty? in bring the fiery northerners to their Dsual j'. kneos. A tax, lor iostanoe, on stook oroeriog. our bardora wonld ho a heavy rotAliatoryJilovc. c- to begin with, while a rovengofnlty isorimiJ- .> eating sugar duty would atso ho quite In' keeping with the kind of/' catoh-whoro-you- uan " titrugglo which Queensland has entered . - upon. The danger lies in tbo provocation that is offered to connidor such wild nnd tin- Aaetralian expedients at a timo when wo havo in power a Govornmont which has already laid tho brond foundations of a hostila inter- . colonial tariff. It is to bo hoped, howovor, that tho Now South Walos Mini-try will rieo to n tnnoli moro dignifiod and patriotic viow of of tho prciiont question than tho Qaoonnland Govornmont has taken, and not attempt to ag- - gravate uiattors by any logislation of that . kind. What tho whole opieodo simply proves is that tho longer federation is delayed th0.v/ greater becomes tho diffioulty of aqompUih. ' iog it. In thoir prosont stato of isolation, thtf; . tendenoy of the colonics is to drift further apart, wbilo thore is tho constant .danger .of . ./I now joalonsiop, now qaarrols, and new vesica T-y., interests arising in tho ovor-widonihg breach. . If Now South Wales and Queensland , wero 4:'-i two alien States, tho blood of whose people v. had bocomo embittered by racia fend, they-' ' could hardly assume a more nnsympathetio' attitndo towards eaoh other than that, in" , ' which Sir Thomas MTlwralthV action -now ' places thom. It is a striking obioot'lesson on; ' r- the danger of allowing isolation to continno. ; multiplying the obBtaoloa in tho way of union/ -.';! 