HELD OVER.—Owing to pressure on our space we ar« compelled to hold over a contribution by " Lounger," and other matters. "THE MISSING HAND" is continued on the fourth page of thip issue. GOVERNMENT HOLIDAT ABEANGEHENT6. —The customary arrangements have been made for the Easter holidays in the Post and Telegraph Department. On Friday, the 31st inst. (Good Friday) postal, money order, and savings bank business will be entirely suspended. Ko mails will be despatched, nor letters, &c.;, delivered. In "cases where mails other than daily mails are despatched from a post town and return thereto the same day, and one of the days of despatch is a Friday, such mails, instead of being forwarded on Good Friday, must be sent- -Hie. day following. . In tele graph offices Sunday arrangements will be observed. On Saturday, 1st April, all post and telegraph offices will be open to the public, and business transacted as ssnal, with the exception of money-order and saving bank business. On Monday, 3rd April, all post-offices will be closed to the public at 10 aim. The first delivery only by letter carrier will be effected. No money order or savings bants "business will be transacted, bot all country mails will be received and despatched as usual. Telegraph offices will be open from halfpast 8 to 10 a.m., and from 6 to 7 p.m. On Tuesday, 4th April, post and telegraph offices will be open to the public, and business transacted as usual, except moneyorder and savings bank business, which will A PKEBENTATION.—Mr J. Campbell, one of the leading members of the choir of the Wesleyan Chnrch, is jon-the eve of a visit to England, and leaves Kyneton on Saturday next. After the choir practice last evening Mr W. Bobbins, on hehalf of the. choir, presented Mr Campbell with a j-air of handsome gold sleeve-links to mark the good wishes of the choir, and. expressed the nope th.it he night have a pleasant voyage and a safe return. Mr Campbell briefly acknowledged the presentation .and the choir's Jdnd wishes, and: then Tan adjourn ment was madeto1Mve^y; ; Wb'ere refreshments were laid. Mr Blencowe, JJ?., was in tłie thair, and proposed" Mr' Campbell's hfnlth, which was drnnk in teetotal beverages. Several members of the choir joined with the chairman in wishing Mr Campbell a prosperons voyage. Mr Cainphell responded tothe toast and kindly expressions in regard to łiimsBlf, and the proceed ings terminated. Mr Campbell erpects to return in six months. . - ; . ACCIDENT IK A WOEKBHOF.^A little boy, aged eight years, named William, son of Mr Thomas CrewtŁer, High street, inet witii a severe accident in his father's workshop yesterday, at about 12 o'clock noon. It appears one of the wojimen was engaged at a órcularsaw, and dnring his temporary absence the accident obcurriBd. The boy, with the objeefc of obtaining some Bawdnst from below the frame of tlie «aw, which was in motion, crept. in, azid tiaving gone in a little too far his heE^, on 5»rtiich was a.ielt l^,cfline .in cOntact J!niL <Jie teeth «f the saw, wtóóh Inflicted;- a : - very wound ftxtwidingyfroin^inid the crown towards Uie foreliead, JDie engłŁ of the cut is four inbhes, jand It is a quarter of an inch de^. -One Jńf łhe passing thronghtiie workshop paw DBŁTB OP AN OLD COLONIST.—Quite a gloom (writes the Gisborne Gaeełte) w cast overthe townshipof Bulla yesterday •(Thursday) when it became known that Mr Michael Loeman, J.P., of "Glenloeman," Bulla, expired at his residence on the previous midnight The death of Mr Loeman, though deeply regretted, was not unexpected, as he had been suffering for upwards of four months from a malignant cancer in the neck, which grew till it stopped the air passages and caused death. Mr Loeman, whose sister is a resident of Kyneton, was a very old colonist, born at Lurra, County Tipperary, Ireland, in 1816, he landed in the colony in 1K40. When he arrived at -Williamstown he was met by the late Dr Geoghegan, brother of the Very Bev. Dean -Geoghegan, and afterwards Bishop of Adelaide; and his time as a colonist might be measured by two episcopal .visits, as a few days before his death he was visited by the Most Bev Dr Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne. On leaving the ship at Williamstown he was engaged to manage Mr M'Rae's station, at Moonee Ponds. Shortly afterwards MrM'B&e; becoming insolvent, Mr Loeman purchased portions of the estate, and finallysettled at Bullla, a few miles from Sunbnry. He was early associated with municipal matters, being elected a member of the Road Board formed at Bulla in 1862. When, a few years later, Bnlla'waa proclaimed a shire,, he was elected first president, and continued a member to the time of his death. In pocięty matters, the deceased was also prominent, as in conjunction with Sir Bryan, then Mr O'Loghlen, he assisted in organising St. Patrick's Society in Mel bourne. MASONIC INSTALLATION. — The annual installation ceremony and banquet of the 'Kyneton Zetland Masonic Lodsre waś hśUU last evening, when in the presence of a large attendance of visitors from Mount Zeehan, Geelong, Daylesford, Castlemaine and Trentham. Bro. F. Boyett was impressively installed as W.M. for the ensuing year. The ceremony was conducted by P.M. Bro. Brown, assisted by P.STs. Bros. Elliott, Addrews, Beid and Sleeman. The following officers also were inducted: —S.W., Bro. W. L. Young; J.W., Bro. E. Smith ; treasurer, Bro. W. Hoyle; secretary, T. W. Sutherland; • S.D., Bro. Turne J. D., Bro. H. W. Ives; LG., Bro. Weimer. A merry evening was afterwards spent, when the good things, which were tastefull provided by Mrs Strachan, were fully enjoyed. Ma W. Gooo reportsthe following sales for the week.—248 acres, Spring Hill/for M Robert Maxwell, to Mr Billings, of Melbourne, for £1,200; 173 acres at Cobaw for Mrs Maw, to air Richardson, of St. Kilda, for £500; 140 acres, Glenhope, for Mr M'Kenzie M'Haig, to Mr George Hamilton, for .£332 10s; honse and iaiid, known "as the Old Bridge Inn, Piper Street for the National Trustees and Executors, t Bobert Armstrong, Maryborough, for .£100 also house and land in Piper Street, for Mr 3? B. Jensen, toMr H. Bates, for £105. LOCAL OPTION AWASOS.—Hp to yesterday the following awards had teenmade in connection with the application of the local option provisions to the hotels of Malmsbury : — Junction Hotel, H M*Gcath (licensee), £25, Bank of Victoria (owner) £910; Bailway Hotel, B. Cuddihy ^licensee) £60; Racecourse Hotel, P. Hughes (licensee £60, Catherine Nicole (owner), £215. THE ARBITRATION COURT.—The business of_ this court is slowly approachiqg a termination. It is anticipated that when the court rises to-daythe Reservoir Hotel will be the only one remaining to be dealt with. The cases for the owner and licensee of thi hotel will be taken on Monday morning at the Malmsbury courthouse, where as a matter of convenience the court will sit to conclude its business. After inspecting some of the hotels the awards will be declared, and the court will then adjourn. KTNSTON C.YJM.S.—Mx P. T. Cashen read a paper on " A Trip to Ballarat," by Mr E. A. Harrington (of Melbourne), at the meeting of this society on Thursday evening. The paper was a very interesting one, a number of amusing incidents being quoted. The secretary was instructed to convey to the writer the society's thanks. Impromptu jspsildngTvas fhen indulged in by the members, and an hour -was well spent. " THE E. C."BAZAAK AT TVOODEND.—The bazaar at Woodend continues to be largely attended. To-night the tug-of-war will come off in the canvas enclosure, to com ials, mence at 8 p.m. The takings on Wednes day were £42 9s Sd, and on Thursday £4 9s 9d. Owing to the success attending th bazaar, it will be kept open a day or two longer. A FIENDISH OUTRAGE.— Towards the close of last year we reported a horrible .outrage that had been committed upon a heifer, the property of the Bev. G. J. Richmond. The act has been repeated. On Tuesday morning Mr Sheddon on preparing to milk the cows at Mr Richmond's found.that one had been tortured in a most fiendish fashion, and a search resulted in the cow's condition being fully explained. A piece of a sapling with jagged projections had been forced into the cow's body for fully three teet The stick was covered with blood, and with pieces of flesh and fcitadhering to it. The unfortunate animal had been placed in the bail before being thus treated, and the wretch who committed the outrage wiped the blood from his bands upon a sack which he left -beside the baiL Suspicion points in a direction which we are not at liberty to indicate, but it is to be hoped that the perpetrator of the horrid crime may be speedily discovered, and punished as he richly deserves. AŁŁ SAINTS SUNDAY-SCHOOL PICNIC.—• Our Lauriston correspondent writes:— This picnic was held on Wednesday at Mr W. Young's Biver View Farm, situate on the eastern slopes of the Malmsbury Reservoir, when all the arrangements were successfully carried out; an :enjoyable time being spent by teachers and scholars. Mr J. M'Whinney very generously had the picnickers 4»nveyed to and from the grounds in his waggons, for which a hearty -vote of thanks was passed. ACCIDENT AT GISBORNE BAILWAV STAHOK —At abont half-past five o'clock yesterday afternoonaporternamed Strapp, who bad come from Woodend to assist at the Gieborne station, was engaged shunting a cattle track into the dock. He had hold of the brake, and was walking backwards to droj the brake when he accidentally "struci against . a projecting gangboard, which jammed him between that -'and the track. He was yery much braised and all that was possible w^ .done'locally . for him.-. The Ex. press was stopped,-and he was sent on to Woodend, the station-master,. Mr Glems- -^evhavingSOTtawiretniave a .doctor in ,«adineBB. -^Óiibome . Ł ^jnoHCię. FLPWDOTŁ MUBDEŁ—The inquiry held -by the City Coroner into tŁe circumstances under- which Clara Amelia Manton met her death whilst' boating with her husband on 4he Albeit Park Lake on the night of . the fith inst was concluded xin Wednesday. The .examination'ttf Mańton occupied - the greater(_pait of tbe jday.* He was closely questioned ias to liiB acqupntanoe with his wife before their marriage, .his reason for using liro names at -rarions times, and as to his haió^ stated that shortly after hismacria^e he left Melbonme for Ballarat, whertas he bad gone no further than i^roy.' ^ 'was alao examined paiticulaiJy with MSerenoe to the arcnmstances oK fh^&lalbraluigVexcnrsiBn; and as to the cries wlat& w^^iiB&rd; on tlte bank at the iimiB «f ^ tte;S»b<adent ^and lastly as to ^ j^i^iKstan^l^ler 'T^cli he bad lives jointly.' K™®;' the Euggestionforia^int^li^.wasii^ him ec by Mr £usd^^ de^k|n the em|^oy of Sodefy, l>nt thatl^BHmnan ón" tóngićecaJlM«mphaticidl^deui^jiiat ihesuggestion h^a information J t e ' "" * ^je&iiUft;łwEmi''^ corroborative^ was«iven,-w Summooadi Aaous, ONE PENNT."—The proprietors ; of as the Argus announce that on and after the 3rd April its price will be reduced from 2d to Id per copy, the quarterly and annual subscriptions being, of course, lowered in proportion. RELIGIOUS EXCITEMENT.—The extent to which religious excitement may carry people was (according to the Wimmtra Star) illustrated łjy a case at the Horsham Hospital a day or two back. A member of the Salvation Army drove up to the institution -with his wife, and was met at the door by the officials, who inquired as tohis business there. He stated he wanted his wife admitted tothe hospital, is she was going- to give birth to two Jesus Christs that /night He was informed, that such cases were not admitted to the institution, and that he would have to obtain an order from some one before they could have anything to do with it. He then went away and obtained an order for admission and returned. His name had then to be entered in the books. When asked what it was and what family he had, he said that his name was Jesus Christ, and that he had ten young disciples of Christ, and that he would have two more that night, which would make the twelve disciples, and that the Holy Ghost would be present at the birth of the latter that night. His right name, however, was obtained and entered in the usual course. He came from a distance. It is thought that he was somewhat deranged. DATLESFORD AGRICULTURAL SHOW was faeld on .Wednesday last,-but though the ite revenue was unusually large, the show ;elf exhibited a marked falling off. Amongst the judges were several geatlemen from -tjtns > district — Messrs W. .Hodge (draught stock), J. Glenn .(cattle), J. Hookey 'tswine), Bobert C. Elliott (dairy produce), Bobert Hunter (grain and farm produce). In draught stock Mr A- Bourks's exhibits were first and third, in the brood mare section, and second in that for twoyear-old fillies. Mr J. Danaher's Aristides was second in the section for thoroughbred entires. Mr W. Griffiths, Glenlyon, secured the following prizes:—Second for two- yearold roadster, second for yearling roadster, first for tiuee-year- oldthoroughbred filly, second for 14st hackney, second for lOst r; hackney. Mr C. H. Smythe's • (Glenlyon) two-year old thoroughbred colt was first . MrM. Bolton (Glenlyon) took second fer y two-year-old thoroughbred filly. Mr B. Enders' yearling thoroughbred was first, and Mr C. Murphy's (Trentham) list hackney was third. Mr M'Clure's spring r cart mare carried off another first, Mr W. Heady's (Glenlyon) being third. Mr J. A. ,.Johnston's (Woodend) lady's palfrey was second, and Mrs Bradshaw, of the same place, was awarded second honours as equestrienne. In the section for lady rider who had never won a first prize in the , -saddle. Miss E. Gagiero was first and Miss o J.' Gagiero second. Both ladies reside at ; Woodend. Mr Enders' hunter was placed third. Mr M. Hogan's Hereford bull was placed first. Mr D. Hennessy (Glenlyon) -secured second prize for his two-year-old shorthorn heifer. Mr Hennessy's sow (large breed) was first, and Mr M. Dwyer's (Boggy Creek) Berkshire boar was second. Mr G. A. Thorburn (Woodend) received first prize for his Andalusian cock and he . and second for his fancy pigeons. Mr J. ) Sutton's : (Glenlyon) common fowls were awarded firstprize. Mr J. Doolan's (Glenlyon) geese were second; and Mr R. Phillips, of the same place, was awarded an extra prize forPekin ducks. Mr J. Orr, of Woodend North, well sustained his reputation by carrying off first prize for cheese, and firstfor farmhouse hams. Mrs Brown' s (Glenlyon) cheese was second. Messrs H. Gardiner and Co. took firstprize for single plough, firstfor double-furrow plough, and first for harrows. Mr J. Wall, of Glenlyon received second prize for his harrows. Mr ^Nelson's (Taradale) fox terrier was second and Mr T. M'Donnell's (Macedon) black cocker spaiiiel pups were awarded a specia prize. 