HOME AND FOREIGNi ? ??'?'-?' ♦ '????, ':- IRELAND. THE NORTH ME A.TH ELECTION MICHAEL DAVITT UNSEATED. BISHOP NULTY'S PA8TOEAL On the Court veoosemblinR at Trim on Doe. 22 for the trial of the petition ORainofc tbo return of Mr Michael Davitt, Mv. Sullivan, Q, C, an nounced that tho ovidoaco Soc tho scapondont Was closed. Me Hoaly theyoapou voao to address iho Judge'o on behalf of Mr. Davitt, and, tit tho out set, submitted thai, looking at tho wholo Faoto of tho ocoo, thoso had beon q moDfc( prcnigato wasto of timo in- tho voia attempt to pvove bribery ond treating. It was uojuot to visit upon too Kooponaenxj uuy wui nuu «*?_ u^u^^^u incurred is proving a moon of odious u'poiGvanooo. An ottompt hod boon mode to lu-k tho wci'thy administrator of that dioeooo with tho soiling of q mesa to aitoct a voto. Eight poisDaobad been oohodulod foe tseatinR, without ovon do attempt to prove tho ohargoB. Tho pcymont for q bodyguard -asod Fol1 tho protection of Mr, Davitt hod bo moro to do with tba petition than tbo trundling o£ o vnoolbnirrow in tho otrooto. A man wca eatitlod to pay foe q 'bodyguard if it boonmo noeosoQi'y to protect life. ''Noi1 C7OQ n B3Da bound to iboI-o c ffotuvn 'to on election agon* iE ho toot o car ov en gaged o spooial to?ain 2ov o public maGting. ia the Soutb Month petition it ano _hold that there wcid oufEcionfc intimidation to void tho oloc tioH at oosmoa low ; but voidiop; an oloction under common lew and undo? fcho ctotuto end Wo entirely diSovent i'oanlts, end in th's instance the petitionou had made an attempt to diaablo qu cblo antagonist «'ora again eniov ing tho liofs in North Month. Bio Bnbmittod with confidence that no evidence had boon given heso of intimidation undoi1 tho stafuto. A pastoral affecting such saatitorn ao the vocop tivity o£ mind in regard to dogma did not inflict temporal 01? Dpisituol Ioes. W&yoido; ov ckosa rood violence was a Petty Session offoneo, end not q subject fcoi' inquiry ia an election pofi »ion trifcanol. So far do tho gravamen of tbo petitioners eaao was concerned, it was almost directed to tho spiritual and physical aoto o£ iho Ootholio clergy ; but whet had beon imported into tMo enso?' Hoi'o they hod en attorapt made to POiEovo QHoioat Inndmwko, to dooteoy rapnta ftiono, and to qqvoe tioo that ha^ ^ laofcod for eentuifioo. They land on asacmlt oliilfully enfl oleswiy bid ogoiaot q body o£ hjoq v/ijone loyclfcy to tho intoveato o£ thoii? flock had qovol1 be foro booa qaootiouod. Tho population bod boon worked up to ouch c, dogroo thai ovon d Cop poeotioa offioicl Piod not hooitatod to coll hio Biohop a lice ia bis own cathedral. Tho only crime oi tho prios^o had booa to oopouoo tho oduqo o£ Miobael Dnvitt rathot1 thai that o2 q oub-ooifflEQioaionop, oad to atsppos?fc tho oQnclido fcuBQ oi o sann v/ho hod quas^ied stoaoD in Post land Puiaon rothGU than that of d eaon who, no cording to Mr. Holloy Stuo^t, woo tho enemy of their ok'doL.1 and of thoii1 foifch, Thoso ppieoto, obildtOE ®1 tho people, labouring in o pquolid country omongat tho poors v/ofo accused by the geeat Pio^oo Mohony oC having been f»uilty of tgeoohoL'y, fnloohood, and diahonour, ond ov aoll ing thoiu country, Ono or two o2 thono clergy, andei? oircusaotonoeo of geoot puovooctioD, k7qvo botfoyod into hoatod action ; but what thofc had 4o do xjith this olootion ho had aovot1 boon nblo to diQoovoi1, oscopt this, that a foronoie rahoovaGl hod taken placo for oq electioneering pist'pono herooCtoii1. Tako ooq cgqo aa presonfcod hj tho petitioner. A girl wen otrnck down by tho sacri legious hand or a EomQQ prioat whilo otending in ' moidon meditation, fnncy lceoo9' onjoying d ben tifio vision of Mv. Pioi'co Mahony. Hoi' blood wdo epilt, hor headgear wns tht/own off, ond apou her diahovollod boad doocondod tho blowa of the shillolagh. What a picture ! Whot ucro tho seal facto? Thofe bhia yooog womoo, buvinf; thrown stones, n'otirod to o pt'oteefcivo monDion, ond thero seooived fot'ther woopono, with which oho struck out oil nloug tbo lino. The ohcirgo Dgoinst thio prioofe, do against othors, wag deoti luto o£ oolid aabstonee, and thoro hod boon committed in fchio cauo aa gvooo po^jury on h.v.& ©ver been owovn in a Comt o£ Jastice. Oao would faave tbonght that Mr. Mnhony would hove Dpasofi tho ogod prolate, nov/ ia tho thirtieth yorw o£ hio Epiaoopcto and tho Boventy-fiffch of. big nge ; but qo. The Judges wore aokod to beliovo that Biohop Nulty, vootod in cope and miti'o, and with hia paotorol staff in hia hand, declared from tho oltor that Mv. Mobony'o oupporteys wonld hcivo thoii1 ornao, logo, and Qkullo anaaohod by Mir. Dovitt'a enpportera. Tho man who complainod of boing eallod ci ' ooupor' had Dtoppod at nothing, and had noi hoQifotod to introduce rov/dioa to qwodl1 away tho atainloQQ ohDrDoter of an old man. Lot thoao who woi'o qwgso of fiho Golomn character of tho Catholic Eitoal ii'oaliso that a Bichop ia hioov/n eathodt'cl Wdq grootod with tho dishonouring yell, ' Yoa are a liar,' uttered by a man whom ho had pro bobly baptized and coufirmod. Suoh an incident might well accouat for ooaao of tho outdoor ccto into which tho olorgy of Month woro ntirrod. ThecQ pyqcoeciingo would aot drivo prieoto from the esoFoioo of tboii? civil icunotions, though it woo oooghu' ^o oooomplJDia thio by tbooo who v/oi'o glad to avail tboEaablvoQ of tho clergy whon it suited tlioir objoeta and purponos. Though womosi wore aot yo£ voteED, Minn Koloh Eiud boon called to prove tho poetiag of a vulentino ob c .telegrnpli polo. This wao aofc phyGiotii and spiritual intimidotion, aod tho lady's brother had ootually boon put in tho bor at tho Eoopon dent's esponoo to provo that tho valontino wos ?directed ogoinsfc him na boing too much o£ o ' mashor.' Coming to tho Biohop'a Pastorcsl, be submitted fearlecoly that Botbing affecting Mr. Davitfc Kad boon proved in. xohiioii to iU Emy trivial inoident Jin which a priest hiid been con coined had beisn hot-housed, gloated over, and dangled before the Court, and treated as a dainty dish, When men's ^motives were pure an amnesty was sometimes granted them, and suoh an amnesty be claimed on behalf of the piiebts of North Meath. It had been proved that in this constituency the charge made by the Mahony Party was that the priests nrere-dis-' honoured hypocrites ; that all the talk about Parnellism, about the alcoves of Eltham, was mete mumnwy and humbug ; that the mitred pyoloto and the vested priest, when the alime of tho Divorce Uou?t reeked in the land, w*re tkomaolvoa immersed in it. In the evidence ao to tho half-crown moss tho suggestion woo that a aarna, over whom awful words of ordination bcA boon pronounced, had oold his functiono ond defiled his God upon the niter. Thoso who, in thois.' pastorafo, had ppoaohod pnrityS and chaa tity,woije charged with being theiasijlvoD coveted in indelible olimo. Under each civcumntunooo, it wno tho duty of their Biohop to vindicate thorn before tho world. Tho Pastoral boooughtj but did aofc order, tho people fco take a contain coui'oe, ond tho pooition of tho Biohop wac osnetly tho pooition of n, eitizca ia n Court of law. Though tho Judge might think that the Catholic religion should bo ctill daring an aloe fiioo, iho eloi'gyj xj'&qq; not only opiritaai bat temporal eoneoj-no wol'o oflected, would Hot bo lacking in tfooii1 duty as citizuno, though they might havo to oobinife to the judgment of tho Court. Mi\ Dmsramoud, Q.C., ^eplyiag upon tho whole case for tho Petitioner, said that at tho commoneemont of tho address of Mr. Hoaly ho did aot anticipate that diohonouvablo motivoo would bo attributed to thoco who occupiod tho mei'o position of profocsional iuotrumonts in fha c-ido ; aoither did ho anticipate that oneo ogflin, ovea in the Court ot Jastieo, their ooro would bo polluted by tho ropotition o£ what had boon so offcou said in reference to tho name and the mo33Oi'y o£ Mr, Pcrnoll. As Mr, Hoaly bogen to i'ofoi: to tho olimo of tho Divorce Court and to tho qIoovgo of Eltham, rao cddroEsod tho Court ia a tono of ouch wild and unneeoQuory pnacioa, that Eao (Mv. Drummond) confoossd it jeminded him of tho tragic ocono in which Shakespoaro depicted Mccbotb raeoivinft 'cho ghost of tho murdered Ben quo. Ag Ml1- Hoaly went on, rising higher and higher ia paosion, bo nlmoDt ospeetod to boo aa appeal to tbo ghost of Pornoll—' Shako not thy gory locks afc mo.' Mr. Hoaly'a cbDi'go Dgainat tho Potilio«o?'n OouoqoIj ibat thoy bad unnecessarily produced lootheome evidence, wcg o aolignnnt o&lumny.; Attempts had beon made to force ia c wed go bo&woeE; Catholic and P/otestant. This showed wliot d ojoekoi'y Homo Eule would bo should fcho dream of tho re-establishment of an Irish Parliament bo yoolizod. Ho submitted that North Month wds not a fro© election, and, oon sequontlv, wao void at Common Liw and undo? the Statute. Nothing th'at he oould s^y would servo to sot fotfch tho coal obarajtor of Biohop Nolfcy's Paatopal os it had boea doocribod by Mr. Justieo O'Brion ia tko South Moatb olootion potitioa. Tho words of tbo Pectoral showod fclaat fill© Biokop placed his condemnation oF Parnellism oo thooamolovol ds tho doctrines of tho Church. Parnelliom, said Dr. Nalty, tfauok at tho vory root, sapped the very foondation, of the Catholic £oifch, and he doclarod that the dying Parnollifco would hardly dare 10 £000 his Creator unless anointed by the priests for tho loot awful otrugglo. Parnolliom wan Mi1. Piorco Mahony, according to Biohop Eolty. It wos perfectly idle for the Bishops and priosts to ondoavous to moko out that two months after tho doath of Mr. Parnoll tho choooinr; of a membor of Pnriiaraont for Novth Month T7os n eiofhI qaeotion. Tbo thing bad ho meaning, aadj ho trusted, would soon bo abandoned, Tho Bishops and prioots of Irolcnd had a per fect Bight to express their abhorronoo of odul tory ; but they had gone much too fnr in in torferinp; with tho fpoo choice of g conntitaency in electing its repivsontafcivoo in Parliamont. Mr Mahcny and hio friends had boon accused throughout tho country of advocating wicked and imcporal onuooo, bat on tho petitioner's behalf ho mast point out that, offcoT tho verdict of the Divorce Coui't, thirty-five prioctG of tho dioecse oboei'edMr. PfirneH'o name, and yot nobedy had »ccuood them of condoning adultery. After Mr. Gladstone wrofco a eortain hiotorio letter, a num ber of gentlosaan thought it espediont to got 3 i J of Mr. Parnell. Mi1, Mahony was not ono of thoso, and fo? adhering to hia loader ho had boon accused oi all tho sinfnlneofl thofc slaador and malico could invent. It was idle to contend that tho Bishop's Pastoral wao aofc publiolicd with tho object of stamping oat a political Party, and that it had not a most crashing eftoefc. With regard to tho Molloy Stowast inoidaat, people would boliovo tho voroion of nn Irish gentloman rathor than that of an English es-Nonconformist miniotor. Tho loornod counsoi having nrguod on tho ollogod acts of violeaeo by tho prioots aud their pcoQonco as personating agontp, submitted that in regard to carG and special trains agency had been proved. Ho concluded with a refer once to tbo rioting nt Navan and otbo? plneoo in tho eonstituonoy, and submitted that nmplo proof had boon givon that Mr.Davifct's supporters wo?o tLAo aggreaaors. At tho rising of tho Court, Mr. Joatieo Andrews announced that judgment would bo given on tho following day. On Decombor 23 tho Court decided that the olootion was null and void. 