FAELZAlHIEirTARY. POLITICS BOILED DOWN. (From our Correspondent). ADELAIDE, November 15. IRBBP&fcSSIBLE; MKMBEBS. Daring the past few weeks the work of the country and the patience of members in the Assembly have been sorely tried by certain members whose characteristics are by no means attractive features in their mental constitution. Three weeks ago the janior member for Albert, was suffering from a bad liver, and possibly a little bit elated over complimentary references to the analitical skill, with which he criticised the Village Settlement Bill. On the second reading, when the Bill was all bnt through Committee, and a few minntes before the adjournment, Mr Ash after a long silence tackled one of the last clauses under discussion, and talked over the adjournment bringing the members and press men back again for an evening sitting. His individuality was not to be repressed even by the Premier, and after the dinner hour tbe persistent transgressor of the principles of considerate fair-play made a sorry sort of justification for what be bad done. His tones indicated penitence, but the stubborn will that rules the man blurted oat : " I would do the eame thing again rather than be gagged by any man." It i is a pity that a man of sor b undoubted ability shonld discount hiB usefulness by running against the convenience of the whole HOUBC. A man may be well provided with brain power, hut without tact, and consideration for other people be will carry very few meBBoreB. It iB not tbe talking member and certainly not the domineering politican who will secure the largest measure of success. A solid following must be deserved and no bounced. MB MOULE AND HIS GRIEVANCE. Following tbe member for Albert and only one week later the Hon. Senio member for Flinders got on the croescut track. Mr- Kingston in expressing a desire to get on with pnblic business referred to two or three obstructionists of wbich Mr Monle was one, and in the Premier's statement he had numerous friends who were ready to express approval when adjournment time came round. The Ex-Commissioner of Public Works got on the job and brongbt the House back. The Ministry had arranged to dine with a Canadian Minister at Government House, Numerous members were bound for tbe opera, and reporters bad arranged to meet their sweethearts, but in spite of all, tbe power was in his handB, and although the majority of tbe House must inevitably participate in tbe punishment, be was determined to poor his vial of wrath on tbe bead of Charlie, wbo had dared to justly characterise him BB an obstructionist, and so another sitting after a hard week ensued. When Jonnnie retnrned, he only wished to intimate his desire to sit on the Premier, and the House could rise forthwith. It is only fair to say that the Senior for Flinders had a following promised straight out, but they forsook him and fled, and tbe names of some of tht-m if known would cause no little surprise, as ibev poBe to be like Cesar's wife— until they are found out. CHAMPION STONEWALLING.' The obstructions of Castioe, Moule, and sundry otb<-rs is now accounted us nothing to that indulged in by Mr Solomon last week. This member is one of tbe number on whom tbe leader of tbe House always keeps one eye steadily fixed, and one of the happy little band be referred to as leading obstructionists, so Mr Solomon's time came to teach the Hon. Cbarles Cameron „ Kingston a severe lesson, and when the elect of the white elephuut constituency is going to teach any one a wrinkle be draws himself together, pulls his ornamental beard straight out, aud la3*s his ears back, so that strangers in the gallery might be pardoned lor thinking that the Northern Territory was all his own, with the biggest part of South Australia thrown in. Mr Solomon was the whip of tbe Downer Ministry, and a clever whip he was. He is to be the treas urer ot tbe next Downer Ministry if he can out run Grainger but in that he has a big contract. Anyhow, if Grainger gets there first he may still be Minister of the Northern Territory and then things with him and the Celestials will have to sit up, although in his time he has not objected to make a bit out of yellow labor if all reports are trne—but this is a divergence. Wbat waB wrong on tb memorable night of November 8th ? Simply this—tbe progress of tbe Pastoral Bill in Committee was painfully slow and tbe Premier at tbe request of his supporters promised to sit on till better results were gained. The other side of the House objected but the Premier had given his pledge, wberepon Mr Solomon vowed a vow that no time shonld be saved and armed himself with hnge volumes of the P&Btoral; Commissioners report, the report on improvements, and also the vermin report which supply enough material to talk for a week, providing tbe voice fails not. At about midnight the Conservative champion set sail and through the weary hours that Intervened till 5 o'clock in the morning he wagged his tormenting tongne cheered now and again by two or three who watched and tended him like a pet lauib. Then he Bat down and strange to say some members who profess to be the people's representatives got up and complimented him, for wasting public money and valuable time. For wbat? To utter a reasonable protest. Nothing of tbe kind, but simply to let off pent up opposition wrath. More than that—to unconsciously give the Kingston team a fresh lease of life. Most of the time members slept and kept watch in turns. Kingston slept like a warrior taking his rest, only that he had to be touched in th« ribs now and then so that he should not disturb the Speaker. Obstruction tactics thus far show a want of diplomacy and only strengthen the following of the present team. THE OPPOSITION GENERALLY. Sii John Downer is of course the leader and more than that, he is the indispensible leader, he is a p-rfect gentleman in debate, and bis ability is only equalled by bis sense of fair-play. He won't hit below the belt. He sits serenely opposite the Premier with a face at times sad but at other times beaming and always full of expression. He has seen a few con- flicts, and knows when tostep into the fray, but at present the time has not come so he lets his men practice a bit knowing full well that when the moment arrives be must be called upon. In the meantime a few of his political allies lead in turn Even the Major from Riverteon poses occasionally as front man, bnt when the numbers next go np be may not have time to get there. Howe is one of Sir John's men end a decent fellow too. No one can charge bim with dog-in- themanger tricks, bnt be still has a great affection for the Crown Lands Office. Moule lookB with anxions eyes to tbe Public Works portfolio. Grainger and Solomon both possessing considerable ability, especially the former, would follow tbe gallant knight with great fidelity, and Sir John wonld bave a pretty tongh job job to rein tbem in, bnt now the session is drawing to a close there is little chance of political aspirants being satisfied in this year of grace, and tbe recess will give ample opportunity for tbe disappointed little party to grind their axes. ADDITIONAL MINISTER'S HILL TJ'o dnlies for a long time hav-i taunted tli - Premier with dandling a seventh Minister's portfolio in the far- of supports as a bait, and suggested it al lopjfic^ eyes have been fixed on the prize, i>ut paper m«n must have something to wriiu about, and in this case they know full well that each a measure never bad a ghost of a show to pass tbe Assembly. Indeed it is hardly likely that members will support an additional minister in the Legislative Council where one is badly leqaired. The Hon. J. H. Gordon brilliant and dashing, a man of wonder ful resourcee and he needs them, as the Council \a constituted at present. A man of ordinary ability could never get tbe Government throngh. Tlje Upper HoaBe just now would be a grand clover patch for a frizzled old Conservative as leader of the Government. All that would be required of him wonld he to pipe and with one consent a majority would dance and keep on till the cows come borne, The C'iief Secretary is anxiously looting for the council elections, and won't he pray for the overthrow of his political adversaries at the ballot box. 