NOVELIST . The Van Rensselaer Ghost bv eh.en v. talbot, It was with anticipations of pleasure that toy friend, Bopert Davison complied with young Winter's invitation to spend New year's at his oonntry seat. Winter had but Istoly been married, and was indolging a whim for spending the holidays in the eountry, at an old mansion he had lately purchased on the Sound. The novelty of the thing was, in itself, agreeable, and there was are to be menus whoso reading alone was enough to titillate tho palate ; and though fiupert was by no meane a gourmand, he was no more indifferent to the obormo of quail on toaot and dovllled lobetor than an- Sther man. Mrs, Winter wan a pretty Jroman, and a delightful hoBtoen, and, in Ihort, my friend folt saro that his visit would qrovs one of ths moat delightful inoldonts of the snowbound season. It woe, therefore, With a blithe heart that ha utoppod from the 3er upon the Aster station, and inqaircd the. way to Mr. Charles Winter's house. " It's a good three miles from bore," said a man in an old army overcoat. " You'd better step into my oleigb, and I'll tako you ant for a quarter ; seems strnnga they didn't meet yon, if you were expected," he added, , with the free curiosity peoaliar to men of his tlass in New England. "Perhaps tboy Didn't know your train," continued tho. Souohmau, when Buport and his portmanteau were safe in tho sleigh. " It may bo you that sent this telegram I am taking to thorn now. It oame a couple of boors ago, hut the station master, seeing no one wan dead, end the roads so bad, thought he would wait ' awhile until Boma one wao going that way. ' Bupert ooald not avoid smiling, belt his ' thoughts were diverted by the wide enponao of snowy fields throngb which they wore pas ting ; the village lay to tho right, find in this direction was here and thoro only a lonely iarmhouee surroandod by its nnpalutaa outbuildings, and loaded with a weight of snow that seemed almost to bury it. No signs of life were visible, save a light iu tho last window of the homestead, and poaalbly a will wrapped and mittonod man pushing bis way through tho snow to bis barn. " I wonder .Winter purohased in euah a. . lonely spot," broke from Buport at last. "It is not ao dreary in summer," an swered the driver, taking the observation as addressed to himself. " Tnin is a beautiful drive then, and Mr. Winter has plenty of horses ; he's no call to Btuy here but when it ' is pleasant, and no fool knows what he wanta to be ooming now for. Il'o a grand house, though." \- Bupert, asking n few quostions, elicited the knowledge that ths hooeo had been owned by an old Sootoh family as a homo- atead for fifty years, but as tho older mem bers of tho group passed away none of the younger oared to live on tho property, and it had been sold. The man, however, dropped hints that thore had been other reasons for guaguoujg uZ it j v-kw- thc.e were Bupert could dot definitely disoover. " There it stands," said the driver, point ing with his whip at a largo, square house that must, iu sammer, have been nearly , bidden by the foliage of the onelroling eheat- I nnt trees. " Yon see that a number of new- 1 fashioned houses have boon built near it by ' other city swells, making it look like tho grandmother of the lot." The largo gate stood open, and tho sleigh jingled merrily up to tho door. At the sound of the bells the latter wao opened wide, throwing a blaze of light over the anow, and ?iermitting a young man to spring into the roety air and soize Buport by tho hand. " Unlooked for but always weloomo," oricd Charles Winter, " though I did expect you i earlier this evening, and only gave you up on | receiving no message." j Bupert referred Mr. Winter to the tele- | gram which the driver produced, cud the two 1 young men entered the warm, bright ball of >the bouse; here Bupert was reoeived by Mrs. . Winter, appearing more than over of dotlrabla. prettinesB. "I am glad you did not wait until a otill i later train," she said, playfully, " for it la ' Now Year's Evo, ths time for all eerie things to be abroad; and though I have brought you into the very bomo of a ghost, I would not wish you to be spirited away on the road Ay one." I " Are there ghosts in New England ?" oaid \ Bupert, I " In Now England ! Tho very haunt of ghosts I I think the old Puritans, finding , how muoh thoy lost whioh they might have had on earth, eome slipping around now to es what tbey can get." "And have you a ghost hero?" eekod Bupert. "H'ehl" oaid Mro. Winter, with raised . finger. ' It there is one, perhaps yon may 1 ess it." I " I fervently hope eo," replied Bnpert, ae he hurned to make ready ior the waiting meal. He was not disappointed In tho mantal re view he bad token of the gnoats ho would neet ; thoro were two other men beside his host and himsoll, the older of whom woo a General Gordon, and an old Southorn unolo \- of Mrs. Winter, on a basinoso visit to tho North, an iraeoiblo old fellow who Inveter- ately differed with ovorybody, and yet ono of the most kind-hearted men living. Thoothor was a man of forty or mora, n eon oi the setting god of day, boing a grain morebant from Missouri ; ho bad all the frankness generally nnoribed to thoao of tho Wont as far as bis mannor want, but be also aon- oealed under hio appaaranoejbio own individ uality. Thoro was not wanting the aountonaneo of fair dames, otther. Mro. Wintor was sustained by tho innooont, sohool-girlish daughter oi \- General Gordon, nud another friond, a Mies \- Alios Elislcr. The table wae sot in a long, low room, wainsooted with oak to tho coiling; a firo (oared in tho doop ohlmnoyplaoo, and oast danolng shadows on tho walls of the tall, f olaw-footcd mahogany furniture ; tho table was lit with candles in heavy silver oandlo- stioks, tho air of tho whole being unoh that Bupert hse said ho felt transported into ono ol the mro old wtorloifl oi Irving or Haw- \- thotne. / » pi not my furniture charmingly fitted to " At# inwl" dialer, bo dessert woe brought on, and all were beginning to feed genial and talhatively dis posed. 11 It would have been ebamelQl to have one of these old rooms arranged in the modern way, and most fortunately the Van Beneeelaers let mo take all tho furniture with the houee." " Tho ghost thrown in 7" inquired Bupert. " Ono wonld have thought they had chosen to paok it np and carry it away with them ; a ghost ie a rare thing to have in a family— quite a distinguished mark. I Bhall be tempted to adopt it for my pwn if I eanfind it." " You might as wall steal my diamonds," said the lady. "I would put you under arrest just as soon," " What 1b ths etcry of the ghost, Cousin ' Effie V" ashed Edith Gordon. " My dear child 1 Do you want me to tell you. a ghost story at tho dinner table?" oried Mrs. Winter. " No, I shall tell yon when you and Aliae oome into my dressing- room tho last thing at night, and the gentle- men are still smoking and talking down stairs ; thos, like ' Maud' and 'Madge,' wo will sit and comb onr beautiful hair,' and like somo one else, ' tell strange stories of tho deaths of kings.' I insist npon all tho sur roundings." " And are we poor men only to form our ghosts oat of the smoke of oar oigars ?" said Bupert. "I fear I Bhall be a keyhole listener." "I shall leave ObarleB to tell you the etosy," replied the hostess, glanoing at her husband, who appeared singularly grave. I roally think be more than half believes in it/' " Tooh — nonsense — ghosts I" said the unole. " Then it is not true J" said Edith Gordon. , " You eholl hear and judge for youisoli cousin; I believe the feats of tho lady's life, before she beoame a ghost, oan be vouched for. I expect to have you and Alice listening with curious attention to night to her ro- man tie story." " I cannot promise for the cariosity of one," said Miss Ellrior, in a fall, musical voioe. The tale will not be a new one to me." Tho sound of her voioe drew Rupert's at tention to Alice, whom he had hardly notioed before, as she sat farthest fro m him at the table ; onco drawn, ho was held by a mag netism that constrained him to regard her every movement, and wait for every word she might nttor in that rich voico. He has oon- fensod that it is diffioult to doeoribo tbo peculiar charm that Miss Ellsl r oxcroisod over him, although ha allegeB that her beauty was of an uncommon kind; a face pale and oxquioitivoly out, as though in ivory, lighted by tho glow ol hor dark eyes, and sbnded by tho night of bor silken hair ; a well rounded form and a band and arm tho most perfect he had ever soon, Hor dross of white India pongso added to her statuesque appearance "and to Rupert's fco- oinution, for he bad ever ooatended that white was the one robing in whiah beauty realised his ideal. Hie eyes, gathering every detail, took in also a onuoas cmeraldiockot that sot off hor whito throat. To my riper experience tbero was littlo mysterious in the attention of on ardent yanng follow, like my friend being fixed on Such a creature, though bo insists that tharo was a depth of Spirit apd power about her that sttraqfed bpyond hay beauty. Be that aa itmay, Rupert fqli inatantly fathoms doop in love with Alice Ellsler, which net hia head no in. a whirl that ho could with difficulty at tend to anything OIeo, 41 Why, Alice, whero havo yon heard of my ghost ?." inquired Mrs. Winter. " I did not know that you. had been in 'this part of tho iSoiihtify befqro," U lhtwdnw tfoid- Alios, Bllclor; " bnt, altheagh I dm unacquainted with thy cousins, my mothejp wan u p inter of tho font Von Uepsqolaer that lived in this fcouso." A slight .entdlamailon oeoapqd Hamilton, the guest Gam Missouri, wbioh he instantly coatrollqd ; put Rupert oosoived that ho eloo bad fixed bid rogbrds on tho young lady, and woe oontoiohb at on ugly feeling that desired to eommand tho Ohaoga of his gana to aomo loos' sabred quarter. "This ioihtereating above all things," quid he: boatcsn, with a sparkling face. " Aa the gbootistba daughter of tho old gontloman, surely oho will appear to you I wonld ap pear to Edith, here, wore I a ghost. Tho lady has boon most nnsooia! with mo, bat 1 have not my heart on her appearing to some one to-night, and now some ono is hero with whom aho ie oonneoted, Bho mast bo kind. You will not bo afraid ?" "Not of that poor girl," Bald Alioe, half smiling, a faint smile like moonlight on snow. "Of coarse notl" exclaimed the unole. 11 TOhn "I think that I should if I saw her,"' whispered Edith. Mrs. Winter linked her hand in her hue- band's arm as they roBS from the table. "Why do you look so serious, Oharlos?" oho said playfully. " Have I displeased you with all this frivolous talk about ghosts ?" "Not oxnetly that, love," said Winter; " but ths history ol that poor young lady ooomB to mo too sad and true to turn into a joet." " Oh, my door Oharlos," said his wifo, "I would not laugh at that part of it for worlds ; bat a littlo harmless nonsense about a ghost you will nuroly not deny mo. I shall 'positively be jealous of the faaolnating ebado, i f you object and foar yon have seorot meet- iocs." Bho looked with protty wilfulness into Winter's fees, but fiuuted uwrv to lilann. whore hor sweet voice gave a torn to tho -thoughts of the company. Tho following thrco houro wore the moat dolightful Bupert had ovor spent. He ob tained tho seat noxt Allao in too old obimny- ooruor, and I know thu boy well enough to ba gate that no tho ovoning grew be pressed doner and olosor to her side. His Hps spoko on bat ordinary eubjoots, bnt eyes csn ba mora eloquent then lips, and if ever eyoa uttcrod a declaration of love tbey wore those of my friend. Mies Ellslcr's were fastened on the fiemee, andhiddon by the thiok laohea. She soldom raised them to lot any of thoea present road their story, though Rupert would have i given a year of hia life to bavahada equate iiook nttbem, She sat nearly as motion- Icon na on alabaster otatuo, oavo for tbo low mueio of hor ropllos ; onoo or twloo a faint color roso to hor chooha, oo toward the end of the evening tho tone in whioh my friond atterod hio ootpmonplaaos benamo still more tender ; bat it might bava boon only tho flickering of tho firo, and Buport, when tho ladloa oaid good night, felt all tho despair for her ooldnoss, and all tho readi ness to translate trifles into hope that bo- comes a modol lover ; and in spita ot hor downcast eyes, it is probable that Miss Alios readily Interpreted tho language of his, for women oeo moro with tholr lids shot than mon do through speotnolos. Although tho oompany had watobod ths death ot the old year and tho birth of tbo new, Mrs. Winter declared that Bhe intondod keeping tho ladias a whilo longer from sleep with ths ghost atory oho and Alios would tea Edith. " I think wn'd better oit in your room, Alios," oho said, "then you will not have to go down tbo otairo lata at night, aa you wonld it you aamo np with mc. I bopo you don't objeol to sleeping on tho first floor ; I have no gaosi-room but Edith's upatuira iu whioh a firo oan bo bnilt." MissEllslor anowored that she did not ob ject at all, and the ladies paused from tho room, Hamilton springing to open tho door for them, and tako ono mora long, curious look at Alice Ellslor. Hor cool gbrnoo bad beon tbo ono thing that bad mado diooord in Raport'a ovoning, and whon Hamilton hold Aliao'a hand for a long moment as ho bade hor farowoll, end sho oolorod under hie searching eyas aa she had not dono under thoso of my friend, tho youth folt all tbo unreasoning joaloooy that . , was natai&l; In too ?mo» Id tiufa4 Rgpgn was only dssirosl of finding Bomsthing about wbioh he might quarrel with the Westerner. " A lovely woman," remarked Hamilton, returning to his seat and lighting a oigar. " So— so ; wants oolor," said tho anole. "Yon will be apt to recognise hor faoo when yoa see it again," Baid Buport, passing over tho gensral'B remark and addressing tho younger man, Hamilton stared a moment and tbon laughed. "What do you mean, sir?" demanded Bupert. " Nothing at all." "Sir, I will not be. answered thus!" said Bdpert, furiously, forgetting, in his strange passion, the laws of oommon oourtesy. "Come, Davison," interfered Winter, tak- ing his arm, 41 Hamilton has assuredly done nothing to call forth this heat; there is a. mistake ; let us forget it and be friendly for another hoor." "Tnshl Charles, lot them fanvoitout," said the unolo. "Not at all," said Hamilton, good- humoredly. " Mr. Davison io ready to bo friends with me, I am Bare." Bupert, still strangely unlike himself, muttered a sulky assent. " Hero is something you will bs interested in. gentlemen," eaid Winter, turning the sub ject, and he displayed a quaint lookot set with emeralds — tbo soma Bupert bad notiood daring the evening as sparkling ot the throat of Alice EUslor. "My wifo handed this to mo, with Mioo EUoIer'a oonsont to oxhibit tho miniature within. It was loft hor aa a legacy, by her unolo, and contains a portrait of the nnfottnnate girl of whom you have heard oo muoh this ovoning." Whilo speaking Winter bandod tho orna. mont to tho othora and thoy examined it in turn. " It looks like this girl herself," eaid tho unole. "It does otrongly resemble her," replied Winter, " yet It wants the firmness ot char acter that bliss Alice shows. Here is more of coquetry and childishness," _ Buport eaid nothing ; ho eonld have-gazed on forovor, it wao so liha Alice, bnt the Westerner ws a waiting to take it. He also gazed a long time, but asked, irrele vantly ; " Wintor, how did yoa ohanaeta parohase this out-of- tho-way plaoo ? I had no idea, when I started with yon, that yon ware tak ing mo so far ont of tha world. I thought you probably lived in the village ot Aatcr." " It was a whim of my wito's," ropliod Winter. "Are yoa acquainted with this region, Hamilton?" " I onoo knew a littlo ot the oonntry about hero," replied Hamilton, after a mo- mont. " Oome, Winter,' ' said Bupert, " are we not at last to bear this story to whioh bo many allusions have been made ? This is the honr for ouoh a tale, and I bsgin to believe in it sinoo I havo Been this faoo. I hopo sho will honor ma with a .glimpse of hor lovely foatureo." " Whioh yon will assuredly recognise/' oaid Hamilton, dryly, for Rnport had again possessed himself of tho lookot, and was poring ovor tho miniaturo. My friend nearly droppod tho baublo, and an angry flash aroused his faco. " Tho rcsemblanco is oertainly striking," drawlod Hamilton, " botwoon — " " Sir," said Rupert, half-rising, " I insist upon an explanation of—" " I am willing to toll yon all I know of tho Story," interrupted Winter, no if the allar- oation was not going on, bnt, at tho same tlmo, gently pnshing Rtijjort back into his Boat. " First let us throw on another log, arid gonoral, sit nearer to the firo. The re lation will not take long, and no one need beliovo the port oonocrning tho ghostly visits." " I oba'n't,"snid the uncle. "You may sloop through that part, 'said his host. With apparent oarolessnoss he drew his ohair botwoon Ruport and Hamilton, and aommonaed his narration. " Tho last Van Benssolaor that lived," said Wintor, "was not remarkable in any par ticular-way exoopt for his largo family. He bad tbres sons and seven daughters born to him, and tho young women being more than ordinarily fair, wore known throughout tho region as tho ' Boron Sisters,' so oollod in referonao to tho seven bright stars in tbo Floiados." "Thoro are but six now," said the nnalo. " This bright band diminished still more rapidly," Baid Winter. "Tho eldest, the mother of Miss Alios, married and become almost disconnected with her family by going to dwell with bor husband in England ; a favor soourge that ravaged this xogion visited three of tho remaining sisters, two of whom nevar rose from thoir beda again, tho one that reoovored being tbo lady of tho minlatare, and tha youngest of the family. Old Van Rensselaer was nearly crazed by tho sadden gap in bis fireside circle, and tho whole coanty mourned with him, for it is not to bo supposed that tho light from snob a constellation bad boon hidden, ovon if ehining from this retired spot. With anxious tendornoss did tho old man guard tho tbraa daughters yet remaining, and tho whole family united in bestowing espooial caro on tho youngest, lest the fever might have loft hor frailor than tho root, "Bho bad always been tho favorite with her father, bor mother dying soon after bor birth, and aho budded into womanhood amid snail fostering oare that tho breath of tho nummer wind was hardly known to her, Ao tho timo rollod on Van Bonesolacr grow rcconoilod to bla sorrows, and let tho silver voices of bis last throe girls oomlort him. Grocs, the lady whose picturo wo havo aeon, was as wilful and spollod as might have been oxpootod, bnt her naturally sweet and ohildish disposition, as woll as her intensity in affeotion, caused her frioada to regard hor im- periooo ways no an added charm. Hor family gavo way boforo her always, and delighted in hor tyranny. Bho was, per haps, tho lovolicst of all, bnt tho Biaiers re sembled each other oo olosoly that olten in the ovening, whan they gathered hero about tha hocrth, Van Ronasolaor, musing in thoir midst, hardly knew as thoir light forms flitted past him whether they were those of his lost or living darlings." " Tho mGn must bava been a fool," said tho unole. " Tho striking resemblanoo to eaoh other is a trait of tbo lamily," said Winter. " You perceivo Mios Alloa has not escaped it. But to rosumo t you may imagine lovers wore not wanting In this homo in those days — fifteen years ago, it is no longer than that— bnt Graoo danced ovor all thoir haarts and finally poronadad bar fathor that this oonn try homo wao not onongh to content young women for ov6r, and that a winter in town wao necessary lor bersolf and hor sisters, Tha old gontloman reluctantly consented ; ho had a strongo presentiment obout lotting bis danghtora loavo the sholtor of thoir child- hood'a home, but baauty, aa uaual, wbaodled and conquered and Miss Grace and bor olstora enjoyed ths bolght of metropolitan gaieties for a fow months, driving thoir fathor noarly into hia dotago by their iaoco- onnt round of balls and operas; for bo in sisted on aaoomponying them wborevor thoy went. " Right glad was ho, at the first breath o! spring, to gathor thorn into tho old homo ; bat rumor wbiapsrod that bo aonid not hasp his nest oo fall maoh longer and that ono oi Jbls birds wao making ready io use hor wings. In fact, thongh no country lover had been able to oatah Miss Gruco, tha wild littlo beauty had boon tamed by eomsona in tho groat city and oamo back to her homo only to fill it with preparations for whito catia and wedding oako, that oho might leave it agam. " Thoro wao nothing too prooioua ox too eoBtlyfor Grace at this period, and however tys-oomiag mi ItoJESrtsj! the family, thoy oould not bnt be glad in tho joyousnera that overflowed in the bride to be ; with a heart eminently formed for loving, this new afieation seemed also to deepen the old, and she hung about them all with a thousand caroBssa that donbly endeared her. Tha days in whioh aho esomed fairly unable to oontain hor bappinoss were thoso in which Bho reoeived the lsttors from hor lover ; ha was not ofton, if evar, able to visit her, but his missives were regularly sent, tho seal printed, I suppose, with clasped hands, or a door, or soma euah other faithful deviaa. " At last the bridal day arrived ; tho early morning was to bring tho lover ; tbo wed ding dross was spread out in readiness, white and glistening aa a snowy bank, every Btitoh in tha finary having been set by the sistors of tha brido. The early hoars passed and tho bridegroom did not oome; noon struck, and still he had not arrived; tho wedding would not tako plaao till sun down, and somo aocident might havo mads him late ; bat as tho afternoon dragged away without the appoaranoo of tha lovor, a vague forboding otrnok tha hoarto ot tho family. " Van Rensselaer had scatod himsoll in his old ohair — your seat, aolonol— and fallon into musings ot whioh his olenobing hand and fiery eye told something ; tho two elder danghterc, soatod near him, whispered togethor, and cast anxious looks into tho front soom, whoro Graco hung ot tho window. '"Let us dress hor, Florence,' whisporod Ethel, the sister noxt the youngest. ' It will divert her mind and tho guosto will sooa bs here now. Wo will make tho robing a long prooesa, and so tido her tho better over this Buspenso boforo ho oomos.' "'Let hor alone?' intorraptod old Van BensBolaer, loudly. ' Do not think to triak hor in those wretched gow-gaws now, if ever.' " His daughters shrank Into frightened silence, and a moment latar a message was brought to tho old gentleman. Ho tore it opon, and then dashed it undor his foot. " ' Oarso him I" ho exclaimed in a terrible voico. ' Quick I shut tho door, and lot us think how we can toll that poor youDg thing that he is false to her I' " His prooautiona wsro too lata ; his tone bad beon loader that ho knew ; a load ebriok struck thoir oars, and rushing into the other room, thoy caw Graco foil heavily to the floor." "Why didn't ho oomsf" inquired the undo, prosoioally. ' Ho wrote," said Wintor, " that a now bnsiness opening aalled him distant for an incalculable timo; that it waa impossible (or a lady to acoompany him, and that as bis time of return was so uncertain, it would bo unwies to leave a young bride behind wist fully awaiting him. Ho said it wonld be wrong, bIbo, to Graos and her own family, and addod that he would not hold the girl bound." "What dastardly ooldnssal" oried Bu port. "An unexpected gate into fortune was placed before him," said Winter," " and the temptation proved too great." " Woll, well I" eaid the nnole. " I suppose he reasoned that girls wore as plenty as blaokborriea in July, and fortunes as eaarco i as oherrios in Doaembor ; bat give him all tho graco you may, ho should have managed not to break a young thing's heart. Did he make his fortune?" " I never hoard," answered Winter. " I know nothing more abont him, not oven hio name; the family never montioned him again," " What a grim time thoy mnBt have bad sending back tho guests, feeding tbo wedding oake to tho pigs and burning tho brido'd dress," exclaimed ths unole. "I do not know what bsoama oitlio wed ding dress," eaid Wintor; "bnt tbo dro3Q waa not burned thon, at all evonts ; it was left as it was, spread out in the great opera ohambor, and quita forgotten, while poor Graoo was aarricd to her room unaansetono. So far it is an old story ; wo ofton read ro mances founded on a faleo bridegroom ; but this ends difiarontly from any I have beard before. Graoo lay in this insensible condi tion until tho next day at twilight, then sba woho and asked natorally what time it was, and whon told, murmured that It was etrango that her lovor was so lots, Florouco, who was with her, tried to soothe her to eleep, but she was restless, and insisted npon get ting np, and, as usual, brooked no restraint, paying, ' It is time io dress.' 41 Bhe only partially drouood, howovcr, motioning away tho blue honeo dress she waa in tha habit of woarlng, and looking im patiently around, hor sister did not know for what ; bnt as Grace was soon quieted, Florenoo wrapped a shawl about bar sister and loft her half dreaming in a great obafr, whilo ens wont oo tuii tho oihoru oi r-iie ohnngo. " Sho was detained a fow moments, and on her roturn Graoo was not in tho room, nor was sho to bo found in tho hoaso. Tho poor girl, rousing again, and with tho idea that tho twilight warned her to ba dressed for her bridal, had found hor wedding elothes end arrayed herself in thorn oven to tho veil and to taking tho bouqnet whioh was withering in a vaso. Tbon, with tbo thought straggling in hor misty brain that something waa wrong with her lover's dolay, oho loft tho hoUGO, un observed, to seek for him, end was found, near midnight, wandering in the damp fields. " Tho end oan easily bo told; tho exposure brought on a return of tho fovox from whioh sho bad onfforod in hor childhood, and this timo oho woe its victim." ' The viotim of that sooundrol, you mean," intexxnptod Buport. " A well told tolo," exclaimed the nnole, "jbut no ghost." "Iam coming to it now," said Winter; " but yon need not lieton, of course," " I won't," said tbo unole. " You oan Bleep—" "I will." " Thoro are few men," oontinued the hoBt, " who, under saitablo times and conditions, do not faslievo In ghoBts." "I don't," said tbo unole, who woe-still awoke. " Thoro ore some exceptions," pursned the narrator, 14 but tho majority of mon arp at times impressed with the sense ol tho super natural. The country people say that after old Van Benssolaor died, tho youngor portion of tbo family would not remain booauBq the place waa haunted by tho presence ot tha poor young bride io hor wodding robos. I cannot vouch for that; tho brother with whom I transacted tho business told me that thoro wcra too many sad associations for them to ohoose to livo horo ; but it is said that old Van Renaaolaor, as ho sat ovory ovoning whore the general sits now, would never retiro until ho had seen tho apparition ol his daaghtor." "Ho sat np all night thon, I vonture/'ooid tho nnole. "I agree with you; it is ntrango what fabloa theso empty eountry minds invent," observod Hamilton, qtriking matah alter mntoh in on ofioxl to light onothor oigar. Ruport oaid nothing; but bo wao, in vulgar parleDoe, all oars. "I am no moro eaperstitioua than tho rest," oaid Winter, " bat I oonJoss to a wish to boliovo tha otory. There is somothing touching in the thought of tho old man oit- ting by his mouldering firo, night after night, and waiting far Into tho umall hours for a eight of hia darling. Thoro was ono guost that told tho story moot coherently, and oaid ha caught eight of tho lady. It acorns that ho know nothing of tbo habit ot bio host, and as tho old gontloman obowad no signs of ro- tirlng, end onaoonocd himsoll aa if for a long fireside gossip, tha guost did liktwico, Poa. tjibly tbo ahadc ot tho young brido was later than usual, or tho atorieo of the guest were tedious, for tha head oi Von Banctclcss dropped upon bis broad, and ho fall into a eound sloop. Tbo visitor oat mntoly wntoh- ing tha omboro, and hall listening to tbo light trend of foototops that for some timo ho had fancied ho heard on tho walk. Moro and caught the oliok of little boot heole and. the sweep' of Bilk." _ Rupert, raising hie eyes at this point, met those of Hamilton fixed npon him, and knew that he had hoard the same Bounds as him- self. For some timo poet my friend had hoard, through -the mcfiling of the heavy cur tains, what might have been footsteps on the little balcony that jutted from the side windows. "Tho footsteps oontinuod for a long time," Winter was saying ; " from the sound it seamed as if tho person wore walking around and around the housu. Each time they paused a longor timo under tho window ; but tho old man still slept on, and at laBt tho sound soomed to rooods in a different direction," Rnport relates that now Hamilton and himsoll diBtinotly heard a lmooking on tho window from the outside ; it ceasod and re turned at intervals, but seemed clear to thoir ntralnod hearing, although Winter, engrossed by hio story, and the unole, half asleep in his ohair, did not notloo it. "Tho guest oonld endure inaction no longor," eaid tha nnconooiono Winter. "Rushing to tho window, lie flung up the shade. There was a faint moon." " 'Tie tho ivy tapping," mattered Hamil ton. By tho light of tho moon ho oonld dis tinguish tha roocding form of a woman vanishing across tho snow in a drees and veil ae whito as it, and leaving no prints bo- hind hor. As ho stood almost paralysed, be pcraoived that Van Venseeloor had aomo up bohind him, and wan watohing tbo last mioty outlines of tho figuro with an expression not oi fenr,bat ol grief and tenderness." " Knook I" vory plainly now. Two knooks. A pnaoo, then, ' Ifnook, knook, hnoak I" tbroo times, the sound somewhat deadened by tho ourtainn, bat certainly on. tho outnido of tho lowsr window panes. Winter wao roused by it. " What was that 7 "he demanded. No one answered him, not even tho knook- ing ; thoro wao dead oilonoe— a silence, Raped Bays, even more uucomfortablo than the sounds. Who or what wee on tlio bal cony, and what waa happening in tho still- noss ?" " It was tho wind, aftor all," said Wintor, finally, with a deep breath ; bat oven aa he spoke thoro came another faint sound, what like they oould not tell. Ths unole, who bad boon holt asleep, opened hie oyos, " What is tho matter with you, boys ?" he said, peevishly. "For my part, I nevar hoard suoh a tissue ot non — " Ho stopped, for tho window was thrown violently upon from tho ontsids.ond the our- tain swept; away an though by the oold wind that rushed iu. And there, to tha fearful eyes of tho group inside, and against tho black book ground of the night, appoarcd the white form of a woman. The lamps flared m tho endden oooesa ot air, and plainly showed a figure ohid in tho dross of a brjde, though never brido was sqen as pale as she, A veil of misty lnqo Blinded borhair and died in tho shadow, nhd her dross was like tho snow cn tho coping of the window ; but her faoo, tho faoo of tbo miniaturo, was whiter than either, and seemed utterly without lifo : the head thrown bank, the eyoa olooodand the boautifsl, colorless lips half open. Her i small hands wero clanohod on the window lodge as if to .koep her from falling, and Bbo swayed -to and fro as- if blown by tho wind. Tho fonr man piarted to their feet and stood speli bound. Winter' setmed dazed ; the gonoral was behind him, bis hair on end ; and from Hamilton, pale-os-the lady-horselt, broke a sharp crY» "Gracal" he said- " Grace 1 Grace I Graoo I" Aa for my friend, after one second he oloarcd tho epase between blm and .the window ot a bound, and bod tho lorm ot tho . ghost in his arms. " Do yon not aeo who It is f" he oricd, aa he lifted her over tho sill and brought her to tha fire. " It is Miss Ellsler, and she has fatntod." ' Mlsa Ellsler I" exclaimed Winter. 41 What aotfld oho bo doing out thore ?" A question that Rupert oould answer no better than tho others, and bo was too busily engaged In rostoring his lovely ghost to think, at present, any further. Ho had plaaoa bis burden in tha olialr ol hor grand father, but still supported hor head on bis shoutdor, while ho Bbafed hor hands and packed the air baak from her tamples ; in- dead, I havo my suspicions that tha boy, in tho confusion of tbo moment, oarriod his re storatives still further whito that fair fnoolay turned toward him on hia breast, and Wintor and Hamilton nought frantioally for water and spirits. As fox tho unolo, altar a onrofal survey ol the lady ho oamo to a half oonolueien that it u Mil, b"f window tightly, and saw that this time it wao thoroughly barzod. It waa some time boforo Miss Alios revived sufficiently to give an aocoant of her pre sence, bat whon she did tha explanation waa simple onoagb. Mrs. Wintox and Edith had lingered in hor room nntll quite late, and after they had loft, Alioe, advancing to tho window, saw that thq moon was ris ing with boantlfal off oat over the snowy bills. Tha bettor to oojoy it, aho had thrown a laae saarf over her hoad, and stepped npon the small balcony upon whioh hor windows opened, as tho library windows did npon a similar balcony. Sho closed the window behind her, lest tho night air ehoald ahill her room, and, whon attempting io return, found to hor alarm that tho window fastened with an qld-faBhioned spring when closed, and oould only ba opened from tho in- Bido. Hor situation wdq a gloomy ono; thoro appeared to bp no reloads from spending tho night oh the balcony, unprotected from the cold, and with no companion eavo tho ohaeto Dlr,n8. Suddenly, however, sho osught tha glfmmor ot light from the library windowa, whioh woro next her own. and oho know that tho men bad not yot retired. Tha thought efcraoklior that if oho could got from hor own upon the library baloony, nhp might bd lot ,in through tbo library wjndow. With some danger, and ruorc difficulty,! ohe at itot daoompliohoa thin, but ooemcd unablo to mako the men aware ot hor prossnao. Thoy woro homo distance from tha window, tbo ourtaina wero of the haavloet, and her otrongth waaeofast failing hur Chat sho oould baraly summon fdrco to tap npon tho panes. For a moment, Alioo said, oho thought oho lost oonsaioaaneos, then, rousing, gatborcd nil hor powers and madq a last desperado at tempt to raloo the sash horoolf. In this oho provod auoaGSslul, ao the window fastened merely with an ordinary bolt, which bad not yet boon saomod. From that moment oho knew no moro. "No wonder you fonolod mq a gho3t,"'Bold Alioo, with a faint nmilo, as oho took hor cmorald lookot from tho fablq end prepared to withdraw " I suppose yon had boon hear ing the story of my poor aunt." "Ghosts I Nonsonsa, oklld l" said tho uncle, who had quilo reoovored himself. Tho next morisieg Hamilton did not ap pear at broakfaat, and Wintor said that ur gent business had called the Westerner away. Aftor tho mcal> bis hoot took Rupert csldo for a moment, "Did you notloo," ho cnld, "that there woo tho pines for another .miniaturo within thoomoraid looket?" " Yob," said Ruport. " It was originally fillod by tho piotnro ol Miss Van Renssolsor'a lover," oaid Wintor, " but was destroyed boloro tho loonot came into Mien Elleler'a possosoion. Now if wo oould coo that OBinting, whoso faoo do yon suppose it woula ronraannt?" "I cannot guess,' replied Rnport. "That of Hamilton," said Wintor, gravolv. "I was sure of it laot night, by observing his manner when Miss Ellslor appeared, and his departure this morning oonQrmB it." This is all Rnport has told me, bnt there is another port oMhO-Qtorif vbtHfel ..BUM. 