THE STORYTELLER. THE SLOWBOB FAMILY GHOST. -+ Part II. "1 have settled down at last to he a real old squire," said Timothy Slowbob, rubbing his hands, " and if life is granted me, I will play the part well. Bless me, I can look back 40 years and see myself scuttling along the foggy streets of London with my breakfast in one pocket and my dinner in the other. How little I thought then of being master of Cypress Grange, or dreamed of anything better than a small house and a bit of a garden. But mind you," he added, " I sprang from a good stock. The Slowbobs were great people hundreds of years ago, and on my mother's side there is aristocratic blood enough to turn the pages of Burke's Peerage blue. And that accounts for our family ghost." "Haw, Haw !" laughed Captain Renner, " Do you really believe in ghosts ?" "I don't want to believe I am con- vinced," Timothy Slowbob rejoined. I am not convinced, but I can believe, said Jack Stanfield. " "What is your opinion on the subject, Mr. Gilderson ?" " Really," replied the gentleman addressed, who was blessed with an interesting impediment in his speech-" weaily now, wearily, I have never seen a ghost, but I daresay other people have I should like to hear what With Slowbob thays." " Oh, I have never seen our family ghost, but I must put implicit faith in my father," Dinorah said. " It is one of his pet Christmas subjects, and no doubt he will tell you the story after dinner." " For my own part" Captain Lennon chimed in, " nothing would delight me so much as to meet a ghost. I would turn the fellow to account-put him under a glass case, you know, and exhibit him as a curiosity all over the country. Why, I declare haw, haw that Mr. Stanfield is quite pale." "Under the lamplight, I confess," Jack replied. " But, to tell you the truth, I have read and heard so much about ghosts that I should not care to exercise my mind much on the subject, lest that-" " You would grow nervous," the captain interposed. " You may put it that way if you like Jack Stanfield returned. "I was about to say, lest it should trouble me, and bother my sleep with ugly dreams." of Timothy Slowbob's family ghost was temporarily laid, and other things discussed. Whenever Captain Renner made a remark to DinorahV Stanley Gilderson glared at him, and when Stanley Gilder- son followed suit, the captain frowned darkly, and glared at him. When the gentlemen were left to their wine it was easy to see that Timothy Slowbod needed no encouragement to tell all about his family ghost, and one hint was sufficient to set him going. "The story," he said, " has been handed in own from generation to generation. In the days when Charles the First sat so unsteadily on the throne, one portion of the Slowoobs lived in Buckinghamshire. Francis Slowbob owned a goodly estate, and led a quiet, peaceable life, but unfortunately his two sons, fine young fellows, took up arms Frank' for the king, and Phillip for the Parliament. " It was a miserable state of affairs for all concerned. The grey-haired father implored them on his knees to remain in brotherly love and at home, but he spoke to deaf ears, and his fatherly counsels passed unheeded. " Frank rode away to join a Cavalier regiment bound for Oxford ; Phillip enlisted at Uxbridge, which, after the fruit less attempt, of the representatives of the opposite parties to form a treaty of peace, fell into the hands of the so-called Bound heads. " The winter of 1846 passed away, and with the spring the fighting began again in real earnest. A battle was fought and won by Cromwell's adherents, and no man felt more flushed with triumph than Phillip Slowbob, who for his valour had been promoted to a captaincy. " On that very day he had led a squadron of Ironsides to victory, dashed through the thinned ranks of the brave but despairing Cavaliers as if they were so much paper. And now he sat in his tent, writing to his father, who lay ill and heart broken at home. " The war is nearly over he wrote, and in a few months I hope to be with you again, to receive your forgiveness and blessing. If Frank lives, he will see the error of his ways, and join the popular cause' " He got no further, for the paper was suddenly snatched by an unseen hand, torn in a hundred fragments, and tossed con- temptuously in the air. Filled with horror, Philip dashed out of the tent, and fled to another occupied by several of his comrades. White to the lips, he told them what he had experienced ; but he was only laughed at, and told he had been dreaming. " 'No, no P he wailed; I was in my sober, wakeful senses. My brother Frank is dead !' " ' And slain by your own hand,' whispered a voice in his ear. ' Oh, brother, brother, that it should have come to this !' " ' Heard you not that ?' Philip shrieked ' Hy brother's spirit declares it was my hand that despoiled his body of breath. He cries for vengeance ; his blood is on my head ! Oh, merciful heaven, what have I done what have I done ?' " His brother officers, in alarm, sent for a surgeon, who, having bled him, administered a soothing draught, and ordered that he should be put to bed without delay, and closely watched for Philips' sudden malady was put down to a raging fever which often attacked men fresh from the field of battle. " Philip made no resistance whatever. He repeated his conviction that his brother Frank was dead, and then lying down, talked calmly, bat sadly, to the man placed in the tent. " Now Philip suddenly saw a change come over the soldier. His cap of steel became a gaily plumed hat, his breast- plate was transformed into a tunic, and the man's rough features melted into the likeness of Frank. " Philip knew that he was in the presence of his brother's spectre, and he lay speechless, and bound under an awful spell. " Brother,' said the ghost, ' do not take my death to heart. You slew me innocently in the charge, and all I ask is that you will seek my body, and see that it is put decently under the earth. I died for my country, and I am permitted to come to you for a brief time, to tell you that whenever a member of our family is in danger of sudden calamity or of harm being done, I shall warn him or her, as the case may be. Such I shall do in the spirit, because I lost my life at my own brother's hands, and the curse that is upon him is upon me, for we were at variance, and our hands against each other. I am doomed to haunt the earth from time to time. Adieu, Philip! Throw aside your arms and hasten home ; our father is dying, and it is only right that one of his sons should receive his blessing.' " Philip uttered a sharp cry and started up, and lo ! there sat the Ironside leaning drowsily on his sword. The young officer was so much impressed with the vision, that on the following day he received permission to return home. And only just in time. His father was dying ; the sands of his life were running out fast, but he was conscious. " ' Oh, my son, said the old man, I have prayed that you might return. I have already seen Frank, but not in the flesh. He is dead-dead-deadly Woe the hour that you left my roof ! And here under this roof lead a new life ''Report of the previous error you have committed. Repent in true sincerity of heart, for your time is short." The old man's lips moved again, but the words died away, and his spirit fled. Philip shut himself up in the old house, seeing nobody but his manservant, and ere the year passed he pined and died." I thay," lisped Stanley Gilderson, as Mr. Slowbob ceased speaking, " what a dreadful story ! Hath the ghostly ever been the en " On several occasions," Mr. Slowbob replied, solemnly. "My grandmother was engaged to be married to a ne'er-do-well who had a greedy eye on her money, and the ghost warned her father of it. I firmly believe that if any rascal or adventurer came to my house the ghost would appear and frighten him out of it." Captain Herbert Benson sat silent, and fidgeted about as if certain ugly thoughts troubled him. He was none too rich, and had made up his mind to woo and win Dinoran, but he wished that she had a better name to change than such a one as Slowbob. It certainly was not common- place, but on the other hand it was neither musical nor aristocratic. " By the way," he said, "I should imagine that the family name was originally Sioebough and became corrupted." "Slowbob is good enough for me, at all events," returned his host, rather sharply. "If it had been Thickhead, I should have had to put with it." On the following morning, after breakfast, Captain Renner buttonholed Jack Stanfield, and whispered something mysterious in his ear. "Oh, yes," Jack said " it can be managed without much trouble, but it is rather a dark plot. It might end in fits you know." "I I may trust you, I hope?" the captain stammered. " Certainly." " Well, then, I don't mind telling you that I am madly in love with Binorah Slowbob, and that I would charge an army single-handed to make her my wife." I will get what you ask, and have it sent down in my name," Jack said " but you must be extremely cautious. It would be a fearful thing if any mistake was made. Fancy, for instance, an inquest at Christmas-tide ! The bare thought is too horrible to contemplate." About an hour later Jack Stanfield went for a " constitutional " in the park. His face underwent several changes as he strode along like a young giant. Some- times he looked very grave and exercised in his mind, but now and then he broke into a loud laugh, and snapped his fingers contemptuously. Any stranger might have thought that he was rehearsing a part for amateur theatricals, but there was something more than acting passing in Master Jack's mind. Suddenly the report of a gun and the whirr of a strong winged pheasant startled him. " Missed again, sir," said a gruff voice. " Mithed ! I've done nothing but with the birds. Here take the beathly gun, Edwards; my fingers are the number that I can't feel them. Ith time that I went back, as luncheon must be almost ready." " The victim-the rival, I mean," muttered Jack Stanfield. "And here he comes. Happy birds, to have no more formidable marksman to fear !" Stanley Gilderson was a sight to see. His "get up" would have made the heart of a tailor glad, for his costume was as perfect as his shooting was the direct opposite. "Oh, I thay, Sthanfield, you are the very man man I want to thee, he cried. " You may go back, Edwards, and take that beathly gun with you. I shan't want it any more while I'm here." The keeper touched his hat as he pocketed half a sovereign, and muttered, as he turned upon his heel : "And a good job, too. The way he handled that ere gun made me think that he'd been practising at bottles instead of pheasants." Stanley Gilderson took Jack Stanfield's arm in the most friendly manner imagin- able, and as he began to talk, Jack's eyes grew rounder and rounder. "I on'U do it for me, my good fellow, won't you Gilderson said. " You thee, if it came addressed to me it would excite thuthpicion." "Very well, but-" "The fact ith," Stanley Gilderson in- terposed, "I am madly in love with Dinorah Thlowbob. My dear fellaheen steeped in love up to my finger-ends, but I don't thee my way clear to propose until-" "Say no more," Jack interrupted, "I will write soon after luncheon." On the morning of Christmas Eve a bulky parcel arrived for Jack Stanfield, and as soon as it had been conveyed to his room he commenced to dance round it as if he had suddenly taken leave of his senses. # # # # # * It was the witching hour of night when churchyards, according to the immortal bard, yawn, and graves give up their dead. Midnight ! Let a man be where he may, there is something mysterious and uncanny in the air after the clock has ceased strik- ing twelve until chanticleer, the herald of the morn, proclaims the coming day. Bold is the man who would prowl about the cloisters of the cathedral or meditate in an old Norman church when the earth is so still that silence seems to have a voice of its own-ghostly murmurings of departed sounds of busy day. It also requires some nerve to sleep in a house reputed to be haunted, and especially in one where the owner, like Mr. Timothy Slowbob, boasts having a pet family ghost. Just as the hands of the clock were pointing to the hour of twelve, and the hammer trembled and throbbed in its action to strike the gong, there appeared in the picture gallery the tall and spectral figure of a cavalier. The costume of the ghost was perfect in every particular, even to the long gleam- ing rapier which his ghost ship had drawn and clutched in a dead white hand. Ghastly and luminous was the figure's face, and noiselessly moved the SlQwbeb family ghost over the polished floor, bright and shining in the light of the full moon. Oh, it was a blood confiding and hideous 'sight - At both entrances to the' haunted picture gallery ran a passage, with spacious bedchambers on each side. Now, the spectre in entering upon its midnight stroll must have passed Stanley Gilderson's sleeping apartment ; if it held its course, it would come upon the room occupied by Captain Herbert Rennes. On stalked the spirit of the restless cavalier. Suddenly it stopped and performed a very nnghostly skip, for at the opposite end of the gallery stood a rival spectre ! Ghosts are very jealous. They do not care for company, but revel in solitude, and it is no wonder, then, that this particular ghost should be put out at finding that it had a rival in a select line of horrifying harmless people into fits. Ghost Number One lowered the point of its sword, and craned its neck as if half convinced that there must be a tall mirror at the end of the gallery. Ghost Number Two seemed to be in trouble with its plumed hat, and came straight on. Ah-lin Oh !" gargled Ghost Number one. " Yaksich ! Oh !" shrieked Ghost Number two. ' Then both howled in chorus, until the house resounded from end to end with the hideous sounds, and having startled every- body from their beds, fell, flat and lay still. " Lord bless us, what is the matter ?" roared Mr. Slowbob, tearing out of his bedroom. " Tim-Jack I there's either a pack of wild cats or the very dence in the house !" He was armed with a club, a relic of the past, such a one as the ungrateful savage might have taken Captain Cook's life with. " Don't be alarmed," said Jack Stan- field. " The Slowbob family ghost has laid itself or, rather, two of them. Come and see !" When the servants came rushing upon the scene with lamps and candles, and armed with weapons, from a blunderbuss down to a toasting fork, the ghosts were found in the picture galley. There, in the moonlight, cold, white, and motion- less, they lay. Poor things, they had fainted. " What the dickens is the meaning of this ?" bellowed Slow bod, senior. " Why, here's Mr. Gilderson and Captain Rennon tricked out like masqueraders." *' They had better be taken to their rooms," Jack Stanfield said, " and at a more suitable time I will explain all." " Explain all ?" gasped the old gentleman. " It will take some time to explain why my house should be turned into a gallant show." By this time the "ghosts" were slowly recovering, and they were borne away in opposite directions, as limb as rags. Then Jack Stanfield gave vent to his feelings. He laughed till he cried, and cried till be laughed. He hung on to anything and everybody he could catch hold of, and looked so apopletic chatters Slowbob thumped him on the back like a drum and brought him round. " It's the funniest thing you ever heard of," he said, with tears of mirth still streaming from his eyes. " Captain Rea-. now asked me to get him a Cavalier's dress to play the ghost with. His idea was to pay Gilderson a visit, and frighten him out of the house. And ha, ha, ha, ha, oh, my.sides!-Gilderson conceived the same idea, and I had the costumes sent down from London. They both robbed their hands and faces with phosphorus and-oh, brave ghosts of the Slowbob family they met. I think-ka, ha, ha ! they would have been glad to go under- ground, but the floor was just a little too solid." Neither Captain Herbert Kennon nor Stanley Gilderson seemed to care much for the Christmas sports, and although no word was uttered by their kindly host or any member of his family to the nocturnal revels, both had made up their minds to leave Cypress Grange as soon as they could within the bounds of politeness. They departed next day, travelling in separate carriages, and each' in his heart bade a long and lasting farewell to Dinorah, Early in the ensuing spring the gallant captain saw a notice in the Times to the effect that Dinorah Slowbob had changed her name to Stanfield. " Confound it !" said the captain, tear- ing the paper in two. " She would have been my wife now if it had not been for that lying story about the Slowbob family ghost?" * by And, strangely enough, Stanley Gilder- son was of the same opinion Weekly Budget. 