ECHOES- (BT Soukd.) A well-known sporting writer contributes the following M lo reports of Glenthomp- eon races it was stated that Earl King, who won a race there and sobsequently won at Bacchas Marsh, was by the Dake, 'dam unknown.' This is incorrect. His dam is a mare named Splendor by Glorious— Kea, and ! this mare is consequently full sister to Cremorne, undoubtedly the best horse in tbe oolooies at tbe present time, as proved by bU recent performances, notably his win in the Sydney Birthday Cap, carrying 9st 91b, Earl King was bred by C&wker;, Casterton, who still has bis dam Splendor. He has a very nice yearling from her by Bringalbert. She bag a foal at foot by King of tbe Bing, and she was this year served by Tranter. The young stock from this mare I have seen, and they give every promise of emulating the deeds of their lllastrous relative. Splendor herself never raced." Tatter-tail's Club, Sydney, had fine weather on Saturday for their races, bot the attendance was only moderate. Tbe follow ing are the results : — Hurdle Race — Cape I'igeon, 1 ; Infant, 2 ; Never Miss, 3. Flying Handicap — Warpaint, 1 ; Bel Giorno, 2 ; Plain Bill, 3. Selling Race — Insignia, 1 ; Apura, 2 ; Lady Lovel, 3. Grand National Steeple chase—Albert, 1 ; Bushman, 2 ; Recruit, 3\. Winter Stakes — Gingham, X ; Lady Trenton, 2 ; Aster, 3. A well attended meeting was held at Moonee Valley on the same day, and the resultB were as follow : — Maiden Hurdle Race — Yellow Br>y, 1 ; Langdale, 2 ; Marah, 3. Maiden Steeple chase -Toprail, 1 ; Pendant, 2 ; Barnnm, 3. Federal Hurdle Race— Pacific, 1; Stampede, 2 ; Kill aloe, 3. Commonwealth Steeple chase — Banjo, 1 ; Volunteer, 2 ; The Seer, 3. Ascot Handicap — Auster, 1 ; Town Talk, 2; Brown Bess, 3. Selling Flat Race— The Bad, 1; Salamander, 2; Calabria, 3. Alphlngton Handicap— Portland, 1; Rattler II., 2 ; Daniel, 3. The suggestion made by an '01d Secretary" in the Spectator of Saturday last is one deserving of serious considera tion bv all who take an interest in amatenr athletics in tbe Western District. Tbe writer does not give any details, but proposes simply that an Association of Clobs should be formed, for their own protection and for tbe advancement of pedestrisnism generally. He voices tbe sorrows of tbe maajL. committees who are made to suffer through dishonest runners falling to pay up, and also points out that the dis qualification of a man for " cronk " running, now only applies to the dob by which be was disqualified, and be is still at liberty to compete in other places under different managements. The various sports dabs in the Western District, from Warrnambool to Edenhope, appear to be in a very flourishing condition, and no time could be more opportune for the establishment of an Assodationench as that suggested by " Old Secretary." This body could draw np a certain code of roles which competitors ""'c «A iuu uuuci) uju iuc inuii wonld be increased interest in the sports, and a stoppage of the practice of suspicious running which has unhappily become rather frequent of late. I ebonld imagine that Slarin's last exploit, getting defeated by a middle-weight, who had but a short time before been thrashed by one in bis own class, wiU altogether put f Faddy" out of the running. What a failure this man has been. When he left Australia it was firmly believed we were Bending forth a world beater, and his con quering Smith and Kilrain, added to his settlement of M'Auliffe'a pretensions, con firmed this opinion. Since then, however, defeated by Jackson and Jim Hall, be has snnk comparatively low in the pugilistic scale, and after his poor showing with Hall will find few, if any, disposed to financially support his claims to be recogoi&ed; as a first- class brniser. An impression prevails that Slavin could not have been taking care of himself before he met Hall, and there is a suspicion that he "sold the fight." In either case he has, from a fighting point of view' been disgraced. Strange to say, in the very same number of a paper containing the cablegram about the Hall-SIavin fight, there was an extract from an American paper snggesting that Goddard, Smith, and even Jackson and Corbett were afraid to meet Slavin. I suppose any of these men would now consider it infra dig to enter the ring against him. Our other champions, Goddard and Williams, have also "gone down," but Jackson .and Fitzeimmons are still holding up the honour (?) of Australia. I am glad to notice that tbe Hamilton and -"Western District Coursing Club ib making arrangements for a meeting on tbe 21st June. Mr. MQaeen, the new pro prietor of Warrayure, has kindly placed the n«raowu«w fsira.ua QU IUC UlSpUMi U1 if lie Club, and the date was fixed thus early in order that there vould be no interference with the lambing season. An All-aged Dogs' Stake, at one goioea each, is to be ran. sud the money will foe distributed as follows : — First dog, £14 ; rnnDer op. £6 ; and third and fourth, £1 each. I hope to see a number of good animals - engaged in the contest, and wonld remind owners of dogs that entries close on the evening of tbe 19tb of Jane. In reading an account of a fancy dress cricket match at Penshnrat recently I was reminded of a dream a local gentleman avers be had a short time ago. He raw in bis slumbera extensive preparations for a fancy dress procession on some eventful occasion, and being anxious to take part in it and to eclipse all other " get-ops," socght the most cnique disgciee. His dream led him to tbe. representation of a hoge kangaroo, and after having secured the pelt of one of these denizens of tbe forest, had it neatly made np to fit bim.' The day of the festivities arrived and the town was en fax. Large crowds had gathered to witness tbe prooesiion, and tbe man -cum-kangaroo appeared among numberless quaint looking characters. His ambition was to be the "observed of all observers," and in en deavouring to obtain this, shortly after they started, be took a circuitons course up the street to gain prominence. Anxiously be scanned through his diegnise what effect he was producing upon' the spectators, when suddenly he faesnl the barking of several doge. His first impulse was to divest him self of hie costume, but the houodB were on the trail in hot pnrenir, and the dreamer had to give an exhibition of gigantic strides and a real representation of the character assumed. Every .yard hie would-be devourers got nearer to him, and he almost gave np the ghost when a hoarding appeared. On eeeiog this he remembered he was a kangaroo, mid; V stnefc-up " with hie -back ' against ft, andionght the canine fiends with a dexterity worthy of an aged " forester." He fonght manfclly (or kangaroofolly) for some time, when he suddenly awakened with his big toe jammed at tbe foot of the bod. A few years ago when railways were not so numerous in Australia, many stories! were told of the slow travelling by tbe trains in the respective colonies. Many are now well known, which have been related until they have become monotonoa8,but the following has, I think, never before appeared in print : — A friend of mine when on his annual holiday trip, usually wended his way to Tasmania, and was always strnck by the agonising slowness of the trains there. On one ooefinnn,' he had for a travelling com- panion_jh iratcible old .ex M.L.A., who evioccd-mnch" uneasiness in consequence of toe many prdlooged' stoppages and slowness in 16cotiS>tiou. 13, Wibetcbp psrto are " they etgyitJitltm: hnljBC.lpng .for V ' blnrted out the oldgentiemui, after having , pot in a very ahxions half-honr.' '. Oh," replied my friend, (who was ever ready with his reply), observing a man With i the primitive ' yoke bearing two buckets of water, and directing the old gentleman's attention to the water carrier, "'don'AyoapeeAheyre. tpking in. water here." . V-EkUlLX< Ai i-sleut?"toe' te-. mainder of the jonraw&AiMy; friend the . foUowueasraajamLtlie same .trip, and memiWiraiOT-hraprevibSs -Qoumeyon the same line were recurring at each stoppage. ' He„ hadj vi£h jhim, ibis time a more genial jthd .uapg the recital pf 'fi., .WW, the . incident in connection, . wito Jibe, old gentleman was! strange .to, say, when approach-!, ng toe came station a' water-cart was observed drawing near to toe station, and my friend remarked, "I am glad to seethe lerfia, p SV.ajaSaiaii; Railway "Department iajmakihg totes;, management of toeir'1fhei;"toe ,liave'Sow actually water-cart with which to convey interior 