I ' A MLT. Ojtb of the largest audiences which ever aesembled in Charters Towers \frae that, ?which greeted Mr Waiter Bentley on Monday,at the Theatre Boyal, to witness his initial i-erfor* mance here, and those who went there met with no disappointment It is a consider able time since anything Shakesperian ha<s been placed before a Towers audience, and this fact combined with one of bis most cele brated characters being in the hands of eo able an. interpreter of die part as Mr Bentley, was sufficient to ensure & treat to play goers of a more than ordinary nature. Mr Bentley's Hamlet chows a powerful conception of the part, and whilst his elocu tion is perfect, be carries through the m^nv tragic and diffie lt scenes and situations icto which he is placed, with an essv comport ment and grace euch as only a finished actor is master of. The power displayed by him was also of a very high order. He was' frequently applauded, and perhaps the largest ovation he received was that at the conclu sion of the scene bew^en himself and his mother, the Queen of Denmark, in the third act, when he had to appear before the cur tain and bow his acknowledgements. The production of Hamlet as it should be done is perhaps one of the most .difficult of under takings and in less able hands it would have been decidedly a bad play to choose for an opening iiight'e performance. It is then all the more to Mr Beptley's credit that he should have, before so large an assemblage, scored 6uch a distinct succese, and have carried liis audience eo entirely with him from his very first appearance upon Che .stage until the curtain finally fell: Hie dress too was a handsome one, and ererj minutiae in the stage man agemen t was wei I ar. d carefully attended j' o. ' ClaudiuB ." was well taken by Mr. E. B. HuBsell, who made a stately and imposing king ,and "Pokibius " the Lord Chamber laine, by Mr L&chlan; McOowmi was a really creditable performance. " Laertes," " Pol onius:" eon, wae placed intlie hands of Mr. H. B. Boberfcs, who spoke And acted his part well, especially m the latter scenes of the piece. .'Horatio*' by. Mr A. M. Seaton, and M ^lie Ghost" by Mr Majeronj were also well played parts. Poionius" " daugh ter " Ophelia" was taken by Miss Virginia Vivienae, and in a vetj dfficult part she succeeded admirably, her acting being exceptionally good, and at the close of the fourth Act her reappearance was loudly demanded after the curtain fell, JUiss Kate Millard was well Baited as,*' G-er- ; trade," the Queen bf Denmark, her acting aj>d enunciation being really good. : ? Mr T. Snright announces ^NimrodV' Con sultataon onthe Ae^cifttura Handicap at the Minei*' Meefcujg,op«imiiar terms to theone on the TownswlIeCup. Tliewinnereofihe first three prizes in ihelafcterfi weep will ah befound;:1 V . ? One ^esson ^ vcfironic '= « r * . '. 