NOTES ON THE CONTKSF. The sup porters of Mr Millar aie jubilant They «ay that ' the oth^r side' have'nt got the ghost of a shrw. There is no mistaking the fact that wherever he has spoken Mr Miller lisa been enthusiastically received, and large numbers of electors have rallied to hi-; standard. In every portion of t'le electorate strong committees have been formed to secure the candidate's return, and needless to say they are working their hardest to elect Mr Miller by the largest majority possible. Mr Miller on his own part has the utmost confidence i i the result. His vii-ws on the '' burning questions of the hour' have given general satisfaction, which is a matter of no little importance if -Qiceso is to be achieved. Mi Miller has on two previous occa sions stood aside to allow of the South Yiirra Province obtaining good repre sentatives, and it is considered that, in addition to having rendered tne electorate sound political service in the pa*t, he should be the electors' choice on the present occasion. In another column will be found a list of Mr Miller's commute «s and their locution throughout the electorate. At St. Kilda [Vir Miller's candida.ure is greatly favored ; in fact, all alonk' ti-e line Mr Miller's following is increasing in dimension-. The Pbillipites are woikiug a9 siduoutly, but quietly. Mr Phillips has, exclusive of other places, addresse ? meetings at St. Kilda aud Prahran, and be has given a luci.l outline of the programme he would support, if elects 1. His committees say that ' our man will run rings round our opponent.' One noticeable little feature in con nection with t ie contest is that Or. Davies and Mr W. W. Williams, who have a knack of having their swords drawn at election times, have now placed the steels in the sheathB, and both of them are gjing '? ueck and crop-' for Phillips. Both of the gentle men named u ve done good woik in electioneering matters, and are giviug tli--ir candidate the benefit of their experience. Mr Phillips speaks at the Rose of South Yarra Hotel, on Mon day evening, Marcli 27th, at 8 o'clock. -*! AThe .trials and troubles of the con test! will cease on Wednesday,. 6th of April, for on that day the election takes place. 