TRAINER'S GHOST, BY J. GALBBAITH, (A NBW WBITBB.) (Concluded.) ranfced fifteen minutes to midnight. Ae, the night was as black as your bat: vestage of a moon, not a single star to the uniform darkness of the sky. sunset a noisy blustering wind had up, rattling about the chimneys, ing the wet branches, and deadening ,Bound of cautious footfalls creeping j|s the paddock in the direction of the >fcs. Jevons was sitting over the saddle "i fire, with his pipe and the Sporting for company, and the remains of his ier beer on the table beside him. From to time he took a lantern and went to st his charge. The colt had been quiet j rgh all the earlier part of the evening, for the last half-honr Jevons fanoied he !d hear him fidgeting about on the other of the wall. What ails the brute?" he said to bim , laying down bis pipe to listen. . he wind dropped suddenly, making the j ce all the more intense by contrast the previous roar; atid through the noss Jevons heard the dink of a bucket, the sound of some one moving about in loose box. e spring to his feet and snatched up the item. His sole idea was that'some one s trying to get at the horse, _ and his ind was on the revolver In his breast cket when be opened the door. So strong 181 the impression that he waB positively | .prised to find no sign of an intruder, e colt was lying in the farthest corner d perfectly quiet. Jevons looked all fund. There was certainly nothing to e, but it struck him that the air felt very Id, and he shut the door. The instant it jsed behind him, a dark shadow fell across 0 square of light issuing from the entrance flie saddle-room. «' Now's your time, Slimmy," whispered r. Vic^ry. .« Nip in and doctor his luor. This is geitifa^p^ecijis slowi", The beer stood on a table barely two tees from the door. Stretching out his ra, the tout emptied this ddtftfcflts of a nail bottle into the jug, and crept noise ?ssly back to his hiding-place. "There's a deuce'Bfa dMftfftt iiwe;" id Jevons to himself, " and where it comes om fairly, bojrta me." He held'dp his harid'dtf diffefrerit height's, Irying to test the dfr&etfbn; of the chill urrent of air. Bat it seemed to come fromi very quarter at onto, and shifted dob-' ipually. The lad; struck a locifer, and held it level ith his shoulder. To his utter astonish ent the ftihie bonied clear and steady, [though ho cdt)13 feel the cold draught1 lowing on his face, and even stirring the! |ur on bis closely cropped head. .,/. That's a rum go," he said, staring at ,«iie match as it died oht. life backed a few steps towards the wait, tlie draught was fainter; when he came level with the horse it ceased altogether. "You are wise,myl&d;, to stick to this corner," Jevons remarked as he looked at the colt; "it's enough to.blow your head off on the other side; Well, it must have been the wit)d I heard, for there ain't nothing here." He locked the door and went back to the saddle-room. The hands of the American clock on the narrow mantlepieee pointed to j twelve. Jevons loaded his pipe, jtoured but the rest of the beer, and took a long pull; Then he kicked the fire together, and looked about for a match. "Now, where did I prit that box," he said, staring stupidly romid. " Where did I I put that-what is it I'm lookihg for ? i What's got my head ? It's all of a swim." He felt for a chair and sat down, hoHlh^ I his hand to his eyes. The lids felt as if they were weighed with lew'. The gab danced in a golden mist that blinded him, j and the whole room was spinning round i and round. Then the pipe dropped from his fidget* and h&'head forward I on the table. " He's safe," muttered Vicary, as he Boftly pushed ttid dbor afar, attcI surveyed the unconscions lad. "That's prime stuff| to keep the baby quiet. Here's the kej, Slimmy; ru istinjj the light, When we've damped the powder in that there rocket, Coulson will wish, he hadn't boen so-handy with hii enjb thii »ortilijg." Blimtoy rortokd thct^Sf- ih> IHb folk and looked intS the box; then he gave a alight .atarianfldtew quiekty bceits .. .'What's up?" inquired the landlord. «. Go on, it's at! right." '<8b!''Whtopared ttotoot, "ih* migbt i hea*- - " '-'V - "Hear us? not he, nor the last day neither, if it cgB& naw;" He wasthimbh^ tif'Jetong, but Slimmy pulled tdifie dflflr wd hild it. " #h#e'i sejfe- toft it»! thirdi" Be miit-. terefc; 4hi<i oJC-tSW|b;-,;'H4% litUng on a bncke| rt^t iti front of ile hcree»" "KdhiBe»i5«il« " I don't know; Mr back was turned abd1 liejfwi wleen lifce," , . He Han6a f6i*tfftr4, listening intently, bat not a sound b^rae fwm behind the elosri 4ooy. '. QoitiwM 4idn!t ifcew '.'.fcr- b« caught napping," said Vicary, under his brealh. «. Is it a stiblehertid f* "A. cut above that," returned the other, in the same ton#, " 'Tis queer he should keep so quiet." They Waited a few minutes, but every thing was still, " See here,'' whispered Slimmy, untwis ting the muffler he wore rOutjd hlanefck, " there ain't nomanner of use standtnghire all night. Gi# me tlw stick. ,If/I tdir fet past him quiet, IwilU bwt ft he moves, you be ready to sHpthe bacdkcrchief over his head. He can't make muoh of a fight agen the two of us, aud we, ain't got this far to be stalled off by an old, brook like him; keep weU behind'him. Never mind the lantern. He's got *i light,inaide." Tb«N wm a light inside, but where it came from would have been difficult to say. It fell clear as a limelight over half the box, and beyond the shadow lay black and impenetrable, a wall of darkness. As he crossed the threshold Slimmy felt a; blast of cold air sweep towards him, Banking a strange chill into his very bones. Straight opposite stood a horse, and befoie him an old man was sitting on a reversed backet, his elbow resting on his knee, his head on his hand. To all appear ances he was asleep> But even in that Intense stillness the tout could catch no 'sound of breathing, ^ His own heart was thumping against liis riba with the force of a sledge hammer. He felt his flesh creeping with a sensation of fear that was almost sickening. Fear? Yes, that was the word ; ho was horribly afrrid. And of what ? Of a weak old map, for whom he would have been more than a match single handed, and they were two to one. What a fool be was, to be sure 1 With a desperate effort he pulled himself together and went forward, his eyes warily fixed on the silent figure. Neither man nor horse moved. Blimtny thrust his hand into his pocket and felt for the bottle which was to settle the Rocket's, chances for the Ebor! His fingers were on the cork, when the silence Was broken by a sound that brought a cold sweat out on his forehead and lifted his hair :on biB head. It was a low chuckling laugh The man on the bucket was looking at him. 'Tlie gleaming eyes fixed him with a Bort of mesmeric power, and the bottle fell from his tirembling fingers. "Quick with the rag, Sam," he gra&ped;, " he's seen' me." But Vicary stood like one turned to stone. His gaz$ fasted on the seated figure, taking in every ; item of the quaint dress, tbe high gill collar'and ample 1 bird's eye stock, the drab coat and anti quated breeches and gaiters. His mouth was open, but for the life of him he could not speak. He was waiting in the helpless fascination of horror to see the face of a man who had been dead and buried for fifteen' | years. i Slowly, like an autbinaton, that strange watcher turned hi& head. The square, resolute mQuth was open as'if to speak; the shrunken skin Was a greenish yellow colour, like the skin of a corpse: along the temple ran a dull blue mark in the shape of a' horse's hoof; but tbe eyes burned like two living coals, as they fixed themselves on the face of the terrified'publican. With a single yell of " Lord ha' mercy on us! 'tis old Alick himself!" Vicary turiied and fled. ; Slimmy heard tbe crash of the lantern on the stones and tbe sound of his flying! feet, and an awful terror came upon him, a great fear, which'made his teeth chatfcerin his head and curdled the blood in his veins. The place seemed full of an unnatural light-the blue flames that dance all night over deserted graveyards. Tlie air was foul with the horrible odours of decay. Above all, he felt the fearful presence of that which was neither living nor dead-the semblance of a raanNvhose liuman body Had for fifteen) years been rotting in the grave. It_was not' living, but it moved, Its cold, shining eyes were looking into his, were ooming nearer. Now they were cloBe to him. With the energy of despair, Slimmy grasped his stick by tbe thin end and struck with his full, force at the horror before lilqi. The loaded knob whistled through tbe empty air,, and, over-balanced by tbe force of his own blOw, the wretahed jiout ^JteliWw^MV^iid t^fth one piercing,shriek fell.prone on the straw. " Did you hear that ?" " What the deuce fctfU it ?" The two men who were sitting,oyer Jibe fire in the comfortAMesmokhj^room, sprang to their feet.. CjottlSoto. trttf fotojhfe ?gipe and went into the hall. Someoiae was movihg about in the kitehfln, " Is that yon,-MartiWhe exiled: " What was tha^ row?" . The man came out at qtWfl. "Did you hear ifctoo; sirf1 -Itr mad®, me jump, it came s<J suftAett. Sounded' like someone hollering oqt in the stable^." " Get a lantern. I must go across and see whkt it was; Me yott coming, too; Captain ?, Tfcen; J>ring tli'^ Shillelagh in your hand. Itmiqht be useful." . ... Martin unbolted tbe side . .door, whioli opened bnfili'e garden, atld the three taen crossed the gravel jpitTb Apifl wept tbtiugn the yard. Here* they s'f>w this gleaip of another lantem. Botaeone wag running towards them, ft w&soneof; the lads; half dressed, and evidently just out oj bed. "Is that yon,.Mr. Ootilson?" he said I breathlessly. " Did ypu hear that scream ? It woke ub all up. Byrfcftt can see the saddle-room from his window, and he says the door is,wide open." " Come on," was Coulson's afisiver, as they hurried across to the steblps. The square of light from the sMalb-toom sliowed clearly through the darkness, v "'RetailfeyonSi*' saW $ie trainer, who tdintt*:,." only asleep," hr Sbiie Hrod iihe 'kJPji head andlls tened to the regulat"breathing. He Bhook him roughly, trying to arouse hiiq, but Jevotiis wftf beyond beidg awakened by any ordinary method; he made an inartifeulkte grant; and dropped back into his former .attitude.. > . " Dimfab?" ejaculated Miitin, blankly; "Drugged, by gad!" ,Captain Buckley had taken the empty ju& fromthe table and smelt it. The sickly odour of (the powerful opiate clang about the pitcher and told its own tale; "Then," cried the trainer, "as I'm a living than, they've got at the colt." His facewaswbfte and set as lie seized the lantern and ran to' th&loosel;>6'x. The door was open, the key was in the look. The. men crowded up. There was scarcely a doubt in their lhinds bub that the mischief was already done. , Coulson held up the lantern and looked round. Th,e colt was standing up in the corner, Bnorting and sniffing the air. He, too, had been startled by that terrible cry. On the ground, straight in front of the door, a man lay prone on his face. There was no mistaking the look of that helpless body, the limp flaccidity of those out stretched arms. .. He's dead, air," said Martin, as lie thrned up the white face ; " hold the light down; his coats all wet with- somethin." It was not blood, only a sticky, dark coloured fluid, the contents of a little bottle lying underneath the body. Just beyond the reach of the clenched right hand was,,a heavy lbaded stick, and near the door they found a thick woollen handkerchief. Berkeley bBntdown and looked at the drawn features. . , .' Surely," he said, in a low voioe, " it is the same uian you thrashed this morning ?" Coulson nodded. "He meant squaring accounts with me, and he has had to settle his own instead.. It is strange that there should be no marks of violence about him, and yet be looks as'if he had died hard." And truly, the dead man's face was terrible in its fixed expression of mortal fear. The eyes were staring and wide open, the teeth clenched, a little froth hung about the blue lips. It was a horrid sight. They satisfied themselves th^t life absolutely extinot, Then Coulson gave orders for, the colt to be taken back to his old box, locked the door on the corpse until the police coflld arrive, and spent the remainder of the night.in the saddle room, waiting till JeVons should have slept off the effects of the opiate. But when, the, lad awoke he could throw very little light on the matter. He swore positively thero was no one in the box when he paid his last visit at five minutes to twelve, and he could remember nothing after returning to the saddle room. How the tout had effected an entrance, by what means his purpose had been frustrated and his life destroyed, remained for ever a mystery. The only living man who knew the truth held his tongue, and the dead can tell no tales. But Mr. Vicary, as he watched Captain Berkeley's colt walk away from his field next day, and, cleveriy avoiding a collision with the favorite on the rails, pass the/ post a winner by three lengths, was strqok by the fact that the " Rookefc" bad grown smaller during the night, and he : oould have sworn. be saw in the loose-box had some white about him.somewhere. " He's one o' raight sort," exclaimed a stalwart Yorkshireraan who stood at Vicary's elbow, " When aa seed him i't' paddock, aa said aa'l hev a poond on th' squoir's 'oss for t' aaake of ould toimes, for he's siranger and loike Blue Ruin, as won th' Ebor in seyenty-foive. 'Twas fust race as iver aa'd clapped eyes on, and aa'd backed him for ivery penny aa'd got." The publican turned involuntarily to the speaker. " Did you say yon colt was like Blue Ruin ?" he asked hoarsely. " The very moral of him, barring he ain't quite so thick, and ain't got no white stockings. I reckon you'll remember Blue Ruin," added the farmer, referring to a friend on the other side, " him as killed ould Coulson ?" Vicrary was a strong man, but at the mention of that name a strange, sickly sen* sation crept over him. The color forsook his face, and when, a few minuteB later he called for a brandy " straight," the hand he stretched out for the glsiss was shaking visibly. Onoe, and once only, did the landlord' allude to the events of that fatal nig^ht, It; was xvh&n; Mir. Da^is, loudly <fepl6red his: losses, expressed an opinion that Slimmy was " a clumsy fool, and.matters would have ctfm'e out very differently if he had been tee." , . ".you.nw^th^Hyowr stars," wa$,yicary'B energetic rejoinder, " thai.ypty..never set foot nr the ouraed,place. Thi /poor chap is flqad, knd tbere aiti't no. catl for mo to get myself jni.xed up in tli^ buSineks. Least Bftid>.soonest mefldGd.sayl,butj you mind the1 story I told yau the, night Downey brought' (he news of tlickt blooming cult, -a^out; 'opld Cbjilfion Btfeatipg hfe^l come Dack 'from the dead', if need 'be; to do a Berbely a good turn.", ««I remember right enough: What's ! that got to do with it ? " ! , Tfap .gWjed qe^ouity. over his ahoiltfdor, Only wis," he ansinkr iug liia voice to a whisper: "he 'kept his word 