ladies Losing Watches. Going into some of the large stores.iie town one may notice that many of-the young women behind the counters who are so fortunate as to possess watches have, the rings at the stems of their time-pieces drawn through holes in their jerseys and fastened down securely by a button, $p that a watch' could not be removed without quite an effort, and certainly not without its wearer knowing about it. This is a scheme of wearing a watch that has gone into fashion in the stores, and it has a substantial and sensible basis. Recently a great many watches have been stolen or lost, and in the lost and - found columns a larger number than usual have been reported. From the small number reported as found compared with the 1 large number, reported as lost, it is apparent twit either the honesty of the people who have been finding watches on the curbstones lately is at a very low standard, or ejse the watcheB were really not lost in tbe sense intended by the advertisers, but stolen. It has been quite fashionable,for ladies, eBpBBjtdly for those engaged in the sfcowi, to vmMtt watches in their bosoms, *!»' lwb o|af|i hanging out of the button-holes bf their jerseys. In most of tbe cases-where watches have been lost, the wearers had grown careless, and to save time and bave the time-pieces as available as men have theirs, they had just tucked them in between their corset covers and the corsets, instead of inside' the corsets as most ladies, it is believed, do. Thus worn, they were an invitation to a pickpocket, and in the crowds oa the trams and ferries, juBt alter the closing hours of the stores, it waB an easy -matter for an expert thief to make a " haul." -i lady had the misfortune to .find * watch on one of tbe streets iu' Sydney the other day, and she advertised it in the Hetald. -The applicants who called right away after the appearance of the advertisement were so numerous that it waB a person's' work -to attend the door. The lady was surprised that so many people could have lost watches. The police will say that there are nothievn in the city—they always do—bat thtjowg todies K» town know bcitar, . — A certain act of patronage was QOB« ferred by a poet, whose name began with s T, on Alexander Smith, which the youn^ man very naturally resented. When T- • observed: "Never mind what the critic*: say, I like your poems," Smith is said 4o V.avo replied, " Oh, sir, do not discourage me."—Argonaut. Criticism as is Criticism.—Col. "Pat* Donan doesn't like the play of "Hamlet.* Hear the eloquent adjectiveslinger: " I havt no patience, much less sympathy, with t wretched weakling who goes around jabber* ing at dilapitated old ghosts in tin belmeU nnd green ^auzc veils, under bogus moonlight} everlastingly threatening to do something, and never doing is ; driving his sweetheart to lunacy and a catfish death, by his dime-museum freaks; making stump speeches to skulls and grave-diggers; going into all sorts of he>hyt* terics; and at last, running a section of bir» bed wire ft- nce, iu the most approved Ohio*- go piii-stiekini; style, through hid dead giljlNl bmlliLi, and dying hiuiseli, to slow fiddlemusic, amid a general c image of luuaticsand wreck of absurdities. y 3 y 