THE STORY-TELLER. THE CASE OF LADY LUKESTAN. Br A. Galbraith. [Authorof "The Spin of the Coin," &o.;] Coeval with the existence of mankind has existed the belief in ghosts. Like other cults, it has had its nps and downs, its periods of exaltation and of persecution. It has reoeived the eanotion of the priest hood, and .'attained the dignity of a special office in the Book of Common Prayer. It has been lashed by the scorn of the materialist, and derided by professors of exaot Bcienoe. Advancing education stripped it to the skeleton as superstition, and advanced thought has reclothed it with the nebulous draperies ef esoteric philosophy. The swing of the pendulum and the exertions i of the Sooiety for Psychical Research have improved the position of the ghost, but its rights as a citizen have yet to be established. The State recognises it not. Legally, a ghost labours under greater disadvantages than a Catholic before the passing of the Emancipa tion Bill. It cannot make a will or bring an action at law. No Jndge on the Bench would oonvict on the evidence of a ghost, though, could subpoenas be served on the spirit world, some had escaped the gallows and many died publioly cn the scaffold, instead of deoently in their beds. Rightly or wrongly, however, the law takes nc cognisance of ghosts, and ghosts would Beem to be aware of this, and occasionally act with the irresponsibility of those who oannot be called to account. Legally a ghost has no existence. Tnis point was established in the case of " Lukestan v. Lukestan and others." The trial, as may be remembered (it was very inadequately reported in the daily papers), involved the succession to the Earldom of Harylebone (1776 G.B.). Mr. Baron Collinge, before whom the case was tried, ruled there was no evidence of a legal marriage between the late Lord LukeBtan and Miss Pamela Ardilaun, that the entry of the said marriage in the parish register was a forgery, and he direoted the Jury to give their verdiot for the defendants with oosts." I do not pretend to criticise the learned Judge's attitude in the matter, though it was apparent from the first that his " summing-up'' was dead against the plaintiff. I merely plaice before suoh of the public as may be interested therein the exaot faots of one of the most singular cases ever heard in a Court of law, and the public, which is always intelligent (is not vox Populi, vox Dei an all but universally accepted axiom to-day ?), may judge for itself whether Lady Lukestan, otherwise known as Miss Ardilaun, was entitled to the sympathy due to a deeply injured woman, or the con tumely which is justly heaped on the head of an unBuooessful adventuress. Morally, Miss Ardilaun was not entirely innocent. She undoubtedly played with the feelings of a nervous and hyper-Bensitive man. Other women have done the same without any very serious result. The mistake in Miss Ardilaun's case was that Bhe did not take the trouble to study the mechanism of her plaything. The truth is, that years of overwork, enforced solitude, and rigorous self-represBion bad reduoed the Rev. Cyprian Martyn to a condition of mind closely bordering on insanity, and in this condition be construed an ordinary flirtation into a oar dinal Bin. He believed that in falling in love with Miss Ardilaun and acquainting her with the fact, he had broken his faith with God and man, and incurred the curse pronounoed on those who, "having put their hand to the plough, turn back." In a moment of delirium he told the girl that his choice lay between the Creator and the creature—between good and evil—and that he had deliberately, apd with his eyes open, chosen the latter; that he was prepared to riek all penalties here and pains hereafter for the gratification of his passion; and as he had proved himself unworthy of the high offioe of the priesthood, Ira would resign his cure, marry her, and olaim the privileges he had purchased at the prioe of his very soul. It is at all times dangerous to disolose the inmoBt workings of the heart to a woman, who rarely comprehends, and can never realize; the length, breadth, and depth of a man's pasBion, andthramad avowal was the seal of Cyprian Martyn's fate. Miss Ardilaun probably resented the posi tion assigned her by the terms of her lover's choice. She certainly thought him insane, and ths event proved her to be absolutely correct. She very cnrtly stated that, at no period of their very informal acquaintance, bad ehe reckoned on him as a factor in her future life. She had tolerated his attentions solely beoause 1 she was bored to distraction in the rural soli- 1 tude periodically insisted on by her aristooratio and tyrannical invalid aunt; and as to ber marriage, the only part he oonld possibly take in the ceremony would be that of marrying her to another man, for ehe should never dream for a moment of manying him. With this rather cruel speeoh, Miss Ardilaun would have parted from her clerical admirer, but before she could realize his intention, Martyn had oaught ber in hie arms and kissed her passionately full en the month. " Yon have ruined me body and soul," be eaid, when at last he released her; "but remember, I shall marry you, if not to myself, then to anotherman. Living or dying, I will have my revenge." This was bis farewell. A week later he was found dead in his study, with an empty bottle, whioh bad contained morphia, lying on the table at his side. t That the unhappy man had deliberately taken his own life was beyond a doubt. All ! his affairs bad been set in order, his liabilities pud, and his correspondence and diaries de stroyed. He had written to his brother and only near surviving relative, requesting him to xeceive all enoh goods as he might die possessed of, and begging him to carry out oertain direc tions as to the disposal of his body. This letter, which was produced at the in quests also referred to some unpardonable sin . committed by the writer, which rendered him -unfit for prolonged existence. As the dead man had borne the most exemplary character, and was universally respected, this allusion was generally regarded as a symptom of men tal derangement. The local practitioner stated in evidenoe that the deceased had consulted him professionally before starting on his annual holiday. He was then in a very low, nervous states and complained of depression and insomnia. He (the medioal man) attributed his condition to over-work and insufficient nourishment. Mr. Martyn was a Btriot Anglican, and held extreme views on matters of Eelf- disolpline. Hallucination as to the commission of some unpardonable sin was a common and painful feature in coses of religious mania, from whioh, in hie (Dr. Garrod's) opinion, the deoeased was undoubtedly suffering at the time of his death. The Jury brought (in a verdiot of "suicide whilst of unsound mind," and the unfortunate man was buried in the shadow of the village church which for ten drear; years had been the scene of his ministrations. All this happened in the autumn of 1886. During the following winter I made the acquaintance of Miss Ardilaun at a crowded 'at home" given by the wife of a legal luminary of the. first magnitude. She was lnnd enough to give me a dance, and enquired if I anew many people. I confessed I was practically a stranger, brought by my oousin and particular chum, Charley Roskill, who as a dancing man and a rising "junior" was a persona gratiisama with his hostess. I think it was then Miss Ardilaun owned to being tired, and suggested that, as the rooms were. hot and overcrowded (which was certainly true), we should find a seat outside, and she selected one immediately opposite the stairs. . Our conversation turned ohiefly on Roskill, in whom my oompanion appeared to take more than a little interest. She said Sir Charles had spoken of him as an Attorney General of the future, sod eh© asked what struck me as rather a singular question. "Is he," she said^ "the sort of man to whom you would advise a woman to go if she were in urgent need of assistance and advice?" I replied, " I was convinced that Roskill, like myself,. would at any time bo ready to place ms entire professional resources at Miss Ardilaun's service, and that he was un doubtedly clever." She laughed a little. "I wasn't sure," she said ; "but you ought to know." Then she went away on the arm of a young man, who had arrived to claim his partner. . It was Lord Lukestan. I saw them several times in the course of Tthe evening, always sitting out in sheltered corners, and engaged in earnest conversation. Lukestan was a good-looking boy, a year or two Miss Ardilaun's junior, and it struck me that she accepted his manifest admiration in a seiious manner, which indicated that she meant business. . I mentioned this to Roskill as we walked home together, and he laughed the suggestion to scorn. Lukestan's people would never permit such a match. It was well known that old Lord Marylebone destined his nephew for his cousin, Lady Adeliza Skelton. It waa quite possible that the boy himself might prefer Miss Ardilaun as a bride-elect, but he could not afford to run counter to his uncle's wishes. He was dependent on his prospects as Lord Marylebone's heir, and more than half the property was unentailed. " Besides," he concluded, " the girl hasn't a penny. She is virtually the oompanion and white slave of ber aunt, old Lady Oatermaran. Take my word, it's only a common or garden flirtation, and it won't last long at that," Roskill speaks with authority on social matters, and I let the subject drop, but some how I wasn't convinced. People talked a good deal about Miss Ardi laun that winter, but with the new season in terest in her seemed to die down. She was seldom seen, and I heard through Roskill that Bhe was devoting herself entirely to her aunt, who had become aconfirmed invalid, and went nowhere. . It seemed a dreary life for a young and beautiful woman, and I wondered whether Lord Lukestan's engagement to his cousin, which had been formally announced in all she society papers, had anything to do with the girl's sudden retirement from the world. In June Lord Marylebone died. For the past six monthB he had been hovering on the brink of the grave, and no one bad expeoted him to last so long. He was, from all acoounts, a very disagreeable old gentleman, and I should doubt if any of his relatives, even in cluding his only daughter, muoh regretted his removal to another sphere. Lukestan attended the funeral as chief mourner, and was present at the subsequent reading of the will. There were a few legacies to servants and dependents, and a suitable pro vision for Lady Adeliza. The bulk of the property went with the title. Lukestan was now Lord Marylebone, and a free agent, but the dead man's shoes, for which he had waited, were deEtined to be fitted on a dead man. He left Marylebone Castle for town on the evening of the funeral, an evening made memorable by the occurrence of the worBt railway disaster of recent years. The night mail from the North collided with a goods train a. little beyond Settringham Junc tion, and while the confusion and dismay, in cidental to such a misfortune, were at their height, the Lowton and Wolds express dashed into the rear of the wreckad passenger train, | and completed a scene of horror rarely equalled in the annals of modern travel. The daily papers chronicled in full the ghastly details of the catastrophe. The boiler of. the express engine burst within a few minutes of the second collision, and steam and fire alike wrecked their fury on the unhappy passengers imprisoned in the overturned car riages. First on the long list of victims, pub lished by the evening press, was the name of Lord Lukestan. The compartment which had been reserved for hie use was reduoed to matchwood, and it was only after immense exertions on the part of the officials that the bodies of the young man and his valet could be removed from the mass of smoking debris. " Poor fellow, "said RoBkill, as he put down the paper. " His luck has come too late. I wonder"—he paused to light his cigarette over the lamp—" how Miss Ardilaun will take it ?" We had dined early, preparatory to looking in at the Frivolity, but somehow the smash on the Great Northern had token the edge off our interest in the new burlesque. RoBkill's ac quaintance with Lukestan had been of the slightest; tome he was hardly more than a name, Dut the tragic circumstances attending his death evoked a sympathy that was almost personal. . "I wonder,". Charley repeated, medita tively, " how Miss Ardilaun will take it ?" The words were barely past his lips when the servant appeared with a message. " Lady to see you, sir. She wouldn't give her name, but I was to say her business was moBt urgent." She muBt have followed close on Steven's heels, for before he had finished speaking she was in the room. A tall, slender woman, wrapped from head to foot in a long cloak of softly rustling Bilk. She wore a thick veil; bnt, even under this disguise; I was struck by something familiar in her gait and carriage. The moment the door bad closed upon the retreating man she lifted the thick folds of black gauze. It. was Miss Ardilaun. Her eyes were red with weeping, and her face as white as a sheet. "I hope you will forgive me for disturbing yon at this honr," she said, going straight to Charley, "bnt I knew you lived in chambers, and I wanted to find yon at home. I am in great trouble, Mr. Roskill, dreadful trouble, mad I must have advice without delay, I V iVCT "" simply, shall be veryglad to give you any assistance in my power, Misa Ardilaun," and looked at me. She followed the direotion of his eyes, and became aware for the first time of the presence of a third person. I intimated my readiness to withdraw, but she out me short. " Please don't go, Mr. Bryant. I am not sure that I don't.require a solicitor's rather than counsel's opinion—at present. In any caBe you way as well hear my Btoiy—if you do not mind." I was only too glad of the opportunity, for I own my curiosity was a good deal excited. We sat down and waited. Miss Ardilaun'e manner waa that of a woman who has nerved herself to go through any thing. She waB unnaturally, almost horribly, calm. She began without any hesitation, speaking in a dry, metallio tone, which was devoid of the least trace of emotion. "You have seen in the papers that Lord LukeBtan was killed last night in the railway accident! I had better tell you at once that he was my husband. We were married last ] January. There were strong reasons for keep ing the marriage secret. Lord Lukestan was entirely dependent on his unole, who had other views for him, and he dare not risk the conse quences of openly disregarding those wishes. At tbat time Lord Marylebone was not ex pected to live more than a few weeks, and he (Arthur) felt sure that a private marriage would be the easiest way of extricating our selves from the many family difficulties which surrounded us. We never anticipated the necessity for secrecy lasting so long. Of course Lord Marylebone's partial recovery placed us in a most painful position, but we knew it conld only be temporary, and we resolved to chance it and wait. That was why Lord LukeBtan's engagement to bis couBin was formally announced. What would have hap pened if the old Earl bad insisted on their immediate marriage I don't know. Fortu nately, or unfortunately, he did not make a point of that; and when oircumstanoes ren dered it necessary that our marriage should be acknowledged, Lord Marylebone died. I can not tell you how rejoiced I was toreoeivethe newB, and only last night I went down on my kneeB and thanked God.for this." She drew a telegram from her pooketand laid it on the table before us. The message had been handed in at Marfleet, the post town for Maiylebone Castle, and ran— " Thank heaven, all right at last, am leaving by night mail. Shall be with you 11 to morrow. Will see Graike on way. Arthur." "I thought my prayers had been answered," j sbe went on, in the same low, even voioe, ! " that my troubles were over; but you see I waa premature in my thanksgivings. To-day j I am in the mosb horrible position in which j any woman could be placed—a widow who has never been acknowledged as a wife. I have neither father nor mother. My aunt has never j desired my oonfidenoe; she has always regarded me in the light of an unpaid servant, and even if I wished to do so I could not con sult her now, for the dootors inform me that in her present state of health any Budden shock J might prove fatal. I have no other relations, no one to whom I can turn for help. I must make my marriage publio. What am I to do?" The first step was manifestly to procure the necessary proofs of the marriage. We said so and enquired whether Bhe was provided with a copy of the certificate. She replied she was quite certain that no such document had been given or demanded. "I know nothing about the preliminary arrangements," she said, " I left them entirely to Lord Lukestan. I cannot even tell you the name of the village where we were married, though I should be able to find my way there. It is a tiny place, quite out of the world, about ten mileB faom Gaistang Junotion. Parker, Lord Lukestan's confidential servant, met us there with a cart, and we drove straight to the ohurch. It stands above the village on the top of a hill. We were married by the vioar. I know his name—it is Marlyn." I referred to Crackford, and presently found ] —"Martyn, Luoian John, Vicar of Slumber le-Wold, Yorkshire." "That is the man, I suppose, was he a per sonal friend of your husband's ?" " He waa a stranger to both of us," she | replied, emphatically. 1 undertook to obtain a copy of toe certifi cate, and wrote the same night to the Rev. Luoian Martyn. To my utter dismay I re ceived in reply a courteous note regretting his inability to comply with my request, as the marriage to which I referred had never been solemnised, Mr. Martyn's letter reached me by the first post. Two hours later I presented myself at No. 20, Berkeley-square, asked for Miss Ardi laun, and was shown into the library. In a few minutes she joined me, and I broke the news as gently as I could. She seemed utterly overcome. " It is im possible," Bhe repeated; "he cannot deny it. Beside, there are our signatures in the register. Surely he can be made to produce that." " You are certain tbat Martyn is the right man?" I asked. "You oould swear to his signing the register in that name?" "No,"Bhe replied. "I never saw his signa ture. I wrote my own name and I saw Arthur write hie. Then Parker witnessed our signa tures. Mr. Martyn followed, but I did not see what he had written." "You muet excuse my asking questions, Lady Lukestan, where they are necessary. You mentioned that the clergyman who married you was a Btranger to both you and your buBband. How do you know that he was Mr. Martyn ?" She hesitated. "I knew him from his likeness to his | brother." "You are acquainted with his brother, then?" " I waa. The subject is very painful to me. Mr. Gyprian Martyn is dead. I believe he committed suicide, but our—our friendship bad entirely ceased before that took plaoe. I never corresponded with him, and our people were not aware of our acquaintance. It was merely an affair of a few weeks, and terminated very abruptly." " And the likeness between the brothers was so striking that you recognised Mr. Luoian Martyn immediately." "The likeness was more than striking, it was—horrible"—she ahivered—if they were both living I should not have known them apart. I was aware that Cyprian Martyn had a brother, who was vicar of a remote parish in Yorkshire, bat until the last moment I did not | know that he was to marry us. If I had heard the name sooner, I should have used every means in my power to prevent it." " You are prepared to affirm on oath that your marriage was solemnised by Mr. Martyn in due foim, and recorded in the parish register ?" She looked surprised at my question. " Certainly I am. You surely do not doubt my word?" "Not at all, but this is a very serious matter. Will yon now tell me every detail connected with the ceremony ?" I "As I said, I know nothing of the pre liminary arrangements. Daring the third week in January, Lord Lukestan and I were both staying at Chilworfh Priory. My aunt was also to have been of the party, but a severe cold detained her in town. Lady Ohilworth has great influenoe with Aunt Maria, and persuaded her to let me go to Yorkshire without her; I was to take put in some theatricals, and my plaoe could not be supplied at the last moment. It was the opportunity for whioh we had been waiting, and we decided not to let it slip. LordLuke | stan's plans were complete. He showed me a special licence, and he said Parker knew a village where we oould be married, and that all the necessary Bteps had been taken. We left Uhilworth on the morning of the 23rd of January. I had previously wired home that the heavy Bnow would delay my train twenty four hours. Lady Ghilworth was going abroad almost immediately, and as I write all my aunt's letters I was not afraid of the deoeption being disoovered. We left the train' at Gar stang, where Parker was waiting with a hired trap, and we drove to this church. There was no one about. The olergyman was waiting for us at the chanoel step. He began the service at onoe. Parker gave me away, and we after wards signed our names in the veBtry. We drove baok to the Btation and caught the next train to Doncaster. I returned to town the following day." "Was there any conversation between Mr. Martyn and yourselves!" " None; he did not speak to either of us. Lord Lukestan put the fee on the vestry table. It was a ten-pound note, and be remarked afterwardB, that the vicar might have wished us luck. There was no luok for us, I suppose," Bhe concluded bitterly. I was a good deal puzzled by this sudden check. However, I said what I oould to comfort her, and suggested that the clerk could be produced as a witness. "There was no olerk," she replied, "there was no one in church but the clergyman, Parker, and ourselves." From Berkeley-square I hurried to the Temple, found Boskill, and decided with him that I ehould go up to Slumber-de-Wold, see Martyn, and examine the register. I found the vicar at home, and acquainted him with my errand. He received me civilly, and in reply to my questions informed me that I was quite at liberty to inspect the register, but it was not possible that I could find any entry of the marriage. "'Since I reoeived your letter," he said, "I have referred to rn; diary, and I will gladly give you all the information in my power, find that on January 201 reoeived information of ; an intended wedding. The note, which was brought by a man who looked like a superior servant, had neither address nor date, ana was signed Arthur Evelyn Lukestan, I am quite ignorant of the various titles of our aristocracy, and was not aware of the existence of such a person as Lord Lukestan. I was informed the marriage would be by licence, and that, owing to oertain circumstances whioh oould be explained to me, if needful, be fore the ceremony, it was to be of a striotly private character. I ascertained that the con tracting parties were of age, and fixed the time for 1 o'clock on the 23rd. Early that morning I was called to the siok bed of a distant parishioner. As I had been advised that the wedding was to be as private as possible, I did not inform the clerk that bis services would be required. I intended to do so on my return from Bretwell. Unfortunately I met with an accident. My horse set its foot on a stone, stumbled, and threw me heavily. I lay for some time unconscious, and when I came to myself I found my ankle so severely sprained that I was unable to move. The road is a lonely one, and it was at least two hours be fore I could obtain assistance. I reached home at 3 o'clock, and immediately sent to the church. There was no one there. I afterwards ascertained that a lady and two men, strangers, passed through the village in the direction of the ohurcb, and had returned after the lapse of half an hour. I waited in daily expectation of hearing of or from them, but no news came, and as I did not know Lord, or as I thought, Mr. LukeBtan's address, I was unable to com munioate with him. I ought to mention that an open envelope containing a ten-pound note was found on the vestry table. I kept it for three monthB, anticipating some explanation from the donor, then, as none come, I con cluded the~ money was (intended for an offer ing, and devoted it to the relief of the poor." (To le Continued,) 