A-Soldier's -Secret. - Stic do . y CAPT. CHAS. KING. I h ban CHAPTER II.-(Continued). at SMurply and the Trish cook were an the th ea8t msie, -meunsnmg swarm of omIoer hi at the front. If any one had hidden tr there escape unobserved was well nigh eS impossible. Noone was found-notrace of anyone, Indeed, whenlitaswas per mitted -to talk she vowed that no ,one bad been there. She herself had left the blinds, door and crtains open as she Fame in fromi'the moonlit gallery, had turned out her lamp and descended the stairs. The gallery doorway could. not be aeen from where she fell, and as all tl ~ae. darkness' in the room, itself, how a could she have seen any one? ' :.Ont on the-gallery, of coarse, any onet would have been revealed, thanks to the brilliancy of therfull moon, almost as in I the broad glaro-of day; but one had to I be at the hall dooroziin-the square room. itself in orderto seethe gallery atall, and Nits decJiroe, as before, that she had not reached the door. What she fandcied 'was a ghost, bathed ina pals, cold light, was probably the white.artainse of tl} rear windows.. But the -light-whncen ?.%The possibilityof any one'bavvngbsee in the room- was -not entertpinod. Prompt and thorough search had jeen eiade in every nook and corner o'tle the upper story. The rooms of the nursd and children wereon thewestward'side of the ball, and the naure was in one of them,i1i tiig on her hat, at the very moment. The front room on .the east was unoccupied. Nitb had chosen the other because of that gallery and its lovely view. Then there was the rear d ape of. the main roof above the gal lery. That,, thought. Holden, might have offered a way of escape, because it was out of sight fRim the parade. But Brewster aid Randolph had both essayed. to reach the eaves, and even when standing on the railing could bare ly.' touch them with the tips of their fingers. Then, again, a sentry walked along the edge of the slope leading to the river bottom south of the long row of officers':quarters and close behind the 'rear .fence, but hewase at the eventfal moment well down the rowbeyond Eas letts house, whereas Dr. Holden's was at the eastern end of the line. The moon shbne full against the back fence, said. the sentry, and he was Sure hewbodld have seen anybody who ran out of the gate of the doctor's yard, and the first who appeared' were the searching off I osi, Corporal Murphy with them. BSev eral men had then come running from the direction of the -laundresses' quar ters to the west, and after them Ser geant Ellis. Indeed, it was Ellis who first suenggested a searchof the roof by means of a ladder.. He was sergeant in 1 charge of the fire apparatus kept in that long, low building at the east end, and had the keys of the door. .. it was by his mae that some or ms Jiuior officers made a thorough exam ation of the roof and the front porch. No more signs there than had hitherto been found. No, the sentry on. the Scath post -was confident that no man uetaio out of Holdan'a yard until he. got to the gate, whither he had run the tn stant he heard the cry. He tlhought it might be a lamp explosion or a fire, and he was watching with eager' eyes. He had been on post nearly twohours when the alarm came, and, except Corporal SMurphy and the quartermaster's men who took the trunks, he had not seen or heard a man about the premises. Kath a leen, the nursemaid, and the children had been home all the evening,and they had neither seen nor heard anybody. . Captain Rolfe, unable to sleep, and f making the rounds on his own account a about one o'clock, found the sentry of 9 the third relief gazing curiously in at the open back gate, and questioned him .as to what excited his attention. "Nothing, sir," was the prompt reply of the trooper, as he threw his carbine to the position of "arms port.'" "I was simply wondering how any man could have ventured in there this bright night and expected to get out unseen, e peoally early in the evening, when men are passing to and fro all the time.".. "What made you think any one had been thereP' asked the captain ietl. "Everybody has heard by this time that there was a search made, and that the young lady had seen something to frighten hen Be?ides sergeant a spoke of it to me an hour ago. - a "What was the sergeant doing on e your post at midnight?' \- 1Why,.ir, the captain remembers Sergeant Ellis is in charge of the fire. 3 house and sleeps them He came out s ,little before twelve and said he'd lost his -pet pipe while he was hunting Saround with Lieutenant Brewster after e he brought the ladder, and I let him peas in, sir. He said.he'd been working there long after taps, and it would be all right. He found the pipe, slr,.right e at the edge of the wood pile, yonder. He :howed it to me as he came ount"." a' apt?in Rolfe was silent a moment SOrdinarily none of the enlisted men t had any right to be away from quarters h after the "lights out" signal, but this case was unusual. Furthermore, Ells was a man superoio in intelligence, a y sergeant of more tman a year's standing, and one who had been selected for this I especial duty for the very reason that I holding himself much aloof from the ,average run of the rank and file, he \- would be apt to attend stritly to his f duties as custodian of the fire house, and t no one had ever heard of his abusing d his trust His own little room was a n modal of neatness when the command n ing officer made his monthly inspection 'ot othe garrison, and the hose carriage, the hook and ladder truck, the fire Y backets and other apparatus were al Sways in perfect order and readiness for " eervice. No one ever inspected Ellis' quarters at any other time. The guard Soften noticed his light after midnight, and he had the reputation of being a good deal of a reader and student, tak ing books from the post library very of. ten, besides owning quite a numberof Shis own. S Observant offcers who had glanced about when making the inspection with Colonel Farquhar noted that many of Sthese were textson mining, mining en gineen?_, mneralogy and geol~oand sime una gone no tar as to queston tle 'sergeants to whether he had ever prao tically essayed mining. With perfectly irespectful manner Ellis replied'to these occasional queries, merely saying, "Yes, sir;'but without success." Asked where he had made his essay, his reply was rather vague, "In several western states and territories, sir-mainly Arizona and Colorado." 'nuly once had he displayed anything like 'annoyance or impatience under such fire. He had served his three yets' enlistment, was entitled to his discharg, yet quietly notified his troop commk.derthat he proposed to re enlist TIi" a a0iewhat sharp manner that official had whirled about. CTo be Continued) 