SHREDS AND PATCHES. (By Akgt/s.) If the electors of Tasmania are not thoroughly awakened from their character istic apathy it is not from want of rousing. They have been lectured by the press, and preached at from the pulpit, until if they are not thoroughly ashamed of themselves they ought to be. Bub it does not seem to make the slightest difference, and some ' suitable' candidate, that the question of advertising for one has been seriously debated. These people, however, are hard to pleaie, for the Lefroy electors are not content with the usual practice of first ascertaining a likely candidate's views, and then requisitioning him, but seriously propose that he shall undergo a public catechism before they decide— not a3 to whether he shall be their member, but as to whether he is fit to become a candidate. It is true there are some aspirants not overburdened with a sense of dignity, but if the Launcestonian who has received the invite to stand to be made a cockshy of consents, then — well, he is fib to be a Tasmanian M.H.A. Alderman Gould is one of the most charitably disposed individuals in the community. The wail of the orphan and the cry of the distressed have fallen upon his sympathetic ears and he proposes to relieve them — at other people's expense. Hence his modest proposal to dock the civic officials ten per cent, of their salaries in order to relieve the wants of the poor. Had he prefaced it by offering to subscribe a tenth of his own goods and chattels and canvassed his brother aldermen .on a like errand ha might have had something t) g« on, but for cool audacity the suggestion, as it stands, is unique. He admits the efficiency of the officers, and from the fact that an all round reduction in assessment and rates is proposed, it is evident the Corporation are not hard up for funds, consequently tho proposal is not evidently dictated by the pressure of adverse circum stances. Even as a bit of gallery play it is too thin, for if it had been entertained it would have mulcted bhe man getting £3 a week in a compulsory contri bution of £15. Alderman Gould' must have been studying ancient history and have taken his idea from the forced loans of the ? good old times.' Alderman Thrower seconded the motion on different grounds. He thinks the Sanitary Department is overmanned and badly managed, and, in order to put matters straight, would ' dock 'em all round from the Town Clerk downward.' It certainly may have the desired effect, for it would turn every civic official into a sanitary officer, in order that there should be plenty of work provided for that department. What a prospecting for malodorous drains and a disinfecting of cess pits there would have been under the circumstances, but how the burgesses would have stood is another matter. If Alderman Thrower considered the bur gesses were not getting the worth of their money in this direction, rvhy did he not go straight for the culprits ? That would have been the manly method, and if he could prove his statement then he would have been but doing his duty in trying to improve matters. As it is his action will not tend to improve his chance of re-election, and in the event of a change I would, if I were sanitary officer, make his property in the city the healthiest in the whole colony, otherwise it would be a case of ' keeping dark on the weather bow until the time came. ' The locality was a certain mining town ship in the chocolate coloured electorate otherwise known as Eingarooma. Two hardy sons of toil were engaged in dis cussing the coming election, and the following portion of their conversation was wafted to the ears of an observant by stander: — ' Bill, who is that there editor chap that's puttin' up ? I can't say as I heerd on 'im afore.' ' Well, Tom, I cannot say that I exactly knows 'iin, bub I 'ear a3 the poor cove as gone and got married lately, so 'ang it all, mate, let's give 'im a show.' A correspondent forwards me the follow ing little anecdote:— ' Four pillars of the fourth estate were assembled at the refresh ment bar of the House of Assembly one night during the past session of Parliament imbibing words of wisdom from stray M's. H. a. who occasionally dropped in ' to ask Heathorn the time.' In addition to words of worldly wisdom I believe the quartet relieved the monotony of the pro ceedings by imbibing sundry other things. Ultimately the conversation drifted into a discussion on the salaries the various pressmen of the city were in receipt of, when one of the four asserted that he made at least fifteen pounds a month by extra writing. His companions at once pricked up their ears,and three voices immediately sent forth the query, ' For what paper ?' ' For no paper,' came back the reply. 'You Bee I make it a rule every month to write to my old mother for the money, and say that unless it's sent I shall go broke and — ' The speaker proceeded no further, for by the time he had got to the above stage of his explanation the trio of fellow quill drivers had commenced to homeward plod their weary ways, and Heathorn was yell ing out; to hia sleepy assistant to 'close ELECTORAL NURSERY RHYMES. How doth the cute but drowsy John On hi3 opponents double ! He knows he's safe, so sleeps along While they have all the trouble. How doth forlorn George Town wail For ail her plans miscarry ! She cries aloud for something fresh, For anyone but 'Arry. Why doth the would-be M.H.A. Fear Evandale to greet ? Is it ho who quakes to measure spears With Herr Yon Sugar-beet ? Why did impulsive Crosby G ? Desert his Eingarooma ? And flee away with might and main From an editorial boomer ? Mr A. E. Fowler,M.P., presided at a very pleasant social the other Dight in connec tion with the Foresters' order, and he plunged into the festivities with a consider able amount of energy and perseverance. He was not asked to sing, . nor did the company appear to be whhful that he would dance a hornpipe, but the general opinion was that if there had been any manifestation of a desire on the part of the brethren that he should come out ol his shell, be would have been only too pleased to yield. At ten o'clock he was ia the pink of hilarity, and those who. knew him best were somewhat surprised at ??hia joyous manner, especially at the present time. But he did not appear at all anxious regarding North Launcestou ; he had made up his mind to liava a night of it, and he let other matters go. When separation time came he didn't want to go home, and some of his friends winked at one another and pointed significantly at a score of empty glasses which were ranged on the table before him. Of course that was all nonsense ; no one would pre sume to think that Mr Fowler had had' a drivp. His remarkably bright spirits and desire not to go home till morning were merely the results of Younginan's violin solos and Spottswood's ventriloqui al entertainment. By tho way, it may be well to add that there is no truth in the state ment that Mr Fowler is practising ven triloquism for the purpose of amusing members of Parliament during the next seosion. He is incliced to think Mr Speaker Brown would object to such a dis tractive mehod of passing the time. Amateur gardeners havo occasional!; difficulties to contend against, partly caused by a want of knowledge of the character of the plants which they have a desire to cultivate. It is, of course, unnatural to imagine that success should attend the' efforts of a man who scarcely knows a potato from a cauliflower ; that is, as far as the appearance of the plants is concerned when in the progress of develop ment, and under such conditions it ia perhaps as well to go in for a little study in theory before attempting opera tions on an extended scale. I have been pestered lately by a young gentleman who has made gardening a hobby, and whose conversation is a mixture of Latin namea and the benefits that might be derived from the application of specially prepared artificial manures. I had my suspicions of this budding gardener, and they have been confirmed, for one day last week he came with a very long face and said there was something wrong with his pota toes. He blamed the seed, of course. If anything goes wrong the seed is always at fault— most nurserymen will tell you that, and ib is sometimes hard on them to be abused because an energetic bub idiotic cultivator cannot manage to raise prime cauliflowers off ground that possesses no more moisture or sustenance than a brick. The sum and substance of my friend's story wa-s that he had planted a potato patch, and the crop looked exceedingly well ; but he looked in vain for the potatoes to come after the flowers. To use his own words, ' there wasn't a single potato on the vines, and there is a supineness about these- that tells me that the whole thing was a fraud, and that I'd been deceived.' The idea of expect ing potatoes to grow like grapes was too much, and Ttold him so. I advised him to dig the plants up by the roots, and I sup pose he did, and found the potatoes growing in their natural place and manner. I don't think that he'll try to smother me with Latin botanical names again though. The new labour c2adidate for South Launceston is running the retrenchment card with a vengeance, and the civil ser vants will have a bad time of it when he is a Cabinet Minister,r'or it will not be the pruning knife, ^ut a stump eradicates that he will wield. Only there is a big fly in his retrenchment ointment. He waxed eloquent on some bloated officials drawing salaries for three appointments, and gave as his opinion that they ought to be ashamed of themselves. If he had his way he would put a mm in each billet, and so divide the screw, and reduce the ranks, of the unemployed. This strikes me as a queer method of rctieEcbment,ernpioy ing three men to do the work of one, and increasing the drones in the hive. /; If one man can do the work why employ three ? The sensible way to my mind,would be to reduce the emolu ment if it be too large, not make it into starvation wages for three men. But, there, I have lorig ago given up trying to follow the logic of some of our would-be legislators. Shakespeare says ' What's in a name ?* Not much certainly as names ? go generally, but if they are multi plied sufficiently, and aopear in the columns of a newspaper at the foot of a requisition, they are about as good an argument to choke off opposition in an election contest as anything I know. At any rate, the journalistic candidate at Eingarooma found it so, and, although they may be naughty, demoralising, - opposed to the secrecy of the ballot box,etc/ they have made the seat a particularly soft thing for him. Bat it was cruel to wait until his opponent had declared himself and appoin ted his agent, and, as an old friend, he might have faced his cards just to demon strate what he had up his Bleeve. They, are not dealing in requisitions at George Town,and consequently my legal acquain tance is thinking of wooing the electors of a constituency where they do not cultivate ghosts of this description. The recent Hadspen pony races were the scene of a little comedy that may be worth repeating, if only to explain to his ^numerous friends the cause of the intense excitement that surged in the breast of a certain patron of that meet. The individual in question has long been a devoted turfite, but it was not until the recent Hadspen meet that he made his debut as an amateur trainer. A whisper went round among his friends that he knew a thing or two in regard to a certain pony which I will call . * The Mule/ and before lonf* the whole . fitory leaked out that the knowing one hid been training The Muloin private, and had 'what is called in turf parlance a 'dead bird.' No sooner was the truth known than the amateur trainer became a person of importance, and one by one as oppor tunity offered, his ' pals ' interviewed him as to the chances The Mule had of winning the event in question. The astute trainer however, ridiculed his horse's chance of winning, and said he had never had a gallop, and his friends were placed ia a dilemma. Was the \ trainer really telling luBiu onu irucn, or «vus no Keeping me guuu thing all to . himself ? Where was The Mule, too ? He wasn't in the saddling pad dock. The whole thing waa a mystery. However, the ' dead 'un' made his appear ance at the starting peat and the race commenced. The Mule, however, did not take kindly to the going ab first ; in fact before half the distance had been nego tiated was lengths in the rear, and the amateur trainer's friends were congratu lating themselves on having 'kept off ' him, wken, lo ! he began to move up and finally challenged the leader in the straight, and waa overhauling him fast to the intense disgust of the amateur trainer's friends, who now wished they had backed him, when suddenly a whistle was heard and TheMule fell back— never heaid a whistle before, I suppose — and had to be content with second place. While the race was being run, the trainer was, of course, at the height of his excitement, but, during the first part of the contest, ?was missing, only to put in appearance at the finish. His ecstasy and delight as bin horse drew on the favourite in the straight being such,I am told,as to attract the atten tion of that clever caricaturist Alf. Vincent, whose impressions on the subject are to be seen in the window of a wellknown picture framet's establishment in the city. I am turn tne amateur trainer nas leio xor cne West Coast. I understand he is dissatisfied 'with The Mule aa a ? dead 'un,' and is in search of a ' deader 'un.' It happened at a band concert, and the whole catastrophe arose out of one of those trivial incidents that so often give rise to a lovers' quarrel. They had evidently held a somewhat more severe ' tiff ' than usual, which doubtless explains why they were sitting so far apart as to allow two young ladies to sit down between them. As before quietness reigned supreme until at last the young man evidently got tired of the sulk and quietly slipping his arm round th9 young lady's waist who was sitting next him, he gently whispered ' I don't mean anything, Nellie,' at the game time pressing her to him. But alas it wasn't Nellie, and the reception he got from the outraged young lady was such as to speedily bring him to his senses. Explanations of course were tendered, but as the band commenced to play, I can say no more about them than that they were satisfactory. 