NAPOLEON IN IRISH STREET ' ''I;.'. BALLADS. In the Irish btreeb ballads of the first quarter Of the century the name o£ Napoleon frequently Oscars, though more often the 'Conqueror and Gftptive of: the Garth' was known to the Hibernian Muse oi the gutter by the familiar and affectionate epitbefc o£ ' Boney.' A complete col lection Ol theoe ballads would, it; it were possible i;o procure suchj be a really interesting study, at Isaet £or persons who wish to understand what the popular feeling wac in Ireland uith regard to the first French Empire and the fatuous man in whom its glories were personified. It is very likely that many o£ these rade compositions have pei?isbedj os f&om; BEch as are yet remembered it is to be cSttjectored that thoy may have belonged to a continuouo seuies, iu which the principal evento o£' Nspoleon'o career were celebrated. Those xyhich have survived!, however,, sire mostly songo iu trhich. the misfortunes ot: the hero ceo lameatoifl, &qA; which must belong to a date ottboequonfc to that o2 hio final overthrow at Waterloo. Ah interacting reminder on the subject ia con veyed in £iH article by Mr. John Fitzgerald on ' The Old Street Ballads of Gorlr,' which be pub lished ia fche April number oC the Joukwal of tfHQ Cork Historical and Akch/kological So titi!jT£, that valuable oocial to which special s?-?£eE° ©ace was made in a recent issue o£ the Free man. Me. Fitzgerald quoted the ballad ia relation to vme Esnle o£ Sfc Helena, in the title o£ whicfe he is allegorically introduced as ' The Green Linnet/' e^enasina previous generation the predecessors o£! the same humble minafeelG uied to sing o£ the representative of the baaiBheol line o£ Stuart as ' The Blackbird.' The poet, ia hia figurative style opens with the description oO em interview between '' a young native o£ Eiria '' and an Emprens, presumably Marie L'ouine, who is inconsolablG for the loss oi hei? c° linnet bo green ir :?= ' Curiosity led a young native o£ Bjriu To view the gay bsalro of the Ehiae, . Where as empE'eGG ho oc-w, and fche sobe ahe v/cb wearing 411 over with djatnoiadlG did sbine. ? NO goddess in splendour wno .ever yet noes To eqaal this fcir oaeso saild and! ses'ene. ? In so£t Biur mure she cried, cOh, ray linaefc go green, . . Are you goue—uill I neve? see you moso P5 ' The other balled cited by Me. Fifcagerald is, he considers, ciraply a late? version o£ the iirofc one. Anyhow in this e&usioB; the hero fo iateo° dttcedi wifehout any allegorical wrappings ?:-— ' One night sad aad laagraid 1 went to cay bed, And ceairce had reclined on nay pillow,, When a vioion anrprioing came into my headj I thought I wes cropping the.billow— I thoBgbt as my vessel dashed over the deep, ?I beheld the rude rock that looks craggy and uterp) The took whese the billow ia now ogqu i6 weep O'er the grave o£ the once famed Napoleon.' This song was one oC the £ew Irish ones on. the same theme which attained a certain amount oC popularity oven in England, where sympathy with the modem Caaoar was never, as is wall knowns vei'y strong iu any class, whether ' Toi?y, Whig, or Radical.' ? Me. Fitzgerald does not mention the rather cucious fact that the song found no much favour out of Ireland—but a foot it is. The national coIoke which, in the fircfc version, io do appropriately suggested by the 'linnet,' is aob forgotten in the second one. And, in fact, the ingenious Corkonian ballad- monger must be credited with a certain adherence to historic accuracy in his imaginative picture of the shade of the departed warrior. Ifc is on record, we believe, that N-ipoleon ia his. coffin vras dressed ia the uniform oE the Chasseurs of the Imperial Guard, in which green waa a conspicuous colour. This fact was, so to speak, right into the poet'o hand, aa far as a delicate complicneafc from the ghost of Napoleon to ' the genius of Erin' was concerned. Accordingly, he exclaims, in a verse which, by the way, Mr. Fitzgerald has omitted !-=? ' I thought aa my vessel drew near to the land I beheld cladin green bis bold figure, With the trumpet of victory clasped firm in hie hand, On bia brow there sat valour and rigour. Ah ! noble stranger, hast thou ventured to me From the land of thy fathers that long to be ftee ? So true a story I'll toll unto thee, Concerning the wrongs of Napoleon.' Ao sung in UnglaQd, if we remember rightly, the sisth line of the stanza used to end with the words ' fchy fathers who boast they are free.'' Ia the re vie v? recently published in this journal of Mr. Fitzpatrick'c ' Secret Service Under Pitt' au. opinion was expressed that, i in the older veroion of ' The Wearing of the Qxaya' 16 wag not, ng Mr. Fitspatrick cuppoeedj ' Napper Tandy who fco'oli: tile li-ish esile ' by the head,' but no Isos a poeGonage than '?' Bonaparte.'3 It wac also said that it was Dion Boncicaulfc who had, iu adopting the old '98 ditty for bio drama of ' Av£nah'iiJS=]?ogue.-' aiabatitutod the acme o£ ^Tapper T'andy Soe1 Shai 61 tha greot EVench ©enoral o£ the day. Howavci?, so wac ohown by a letter which aubaeqaeatly appealed in thia journal feom the author of ' Secret Service,' then*e can be little os no doubt that it was indeed Nappes Tandy who origiaally figured ' an th{j hero o£ ''? The Wearing of the ! G-sreen.' Still Napoieoii'D earlienf; aasocia- ' tion with Irish street minstrelsy dates, we imagine, from an early version of the famous ' Croppy' song. There io everv reason to believe febafc the Cork ballad-Qingera in their treatment oO political Giibjocfcc, played quite zb otrong a hoad cs their Dublin brethren. At all events, among the oongo ia relation to Napoleon, those ' which emanated from tho ' Celtic Capital of Ire land/' and which bore the well-known legend o£ ' Halyj Printer HanoveF-street-,' beoaine the inosfc celebrfited, I From aor&e; (iEagrnenta 62 those i'drgotfcen 3yrica which the present wt'it3E' srecallG, it would aeem fchat fche ' Abdication of Fontainbleau ' was draly celebrated by the otreet singesc o' Cork. A poetic liceaoe was used on thic occaoioo, inasmuicb. j ad events &b; widely aepavntsd as the ospedition to : Sgypt in 1798, and the Napoleonic ?victoriets over tha combined hostc; of Austriaua, Psuauiane, Eusaiano, etc.. ia 1814, Tvei^e appareutly alluded to in the same breath. ' I beat the alliod Gt'mieo, I surprised the grand Sig&oE.;' Fapoleon's arbitrary behaviour towards Pope Piuo YII. tiomewbat damped the enthusiasm o£ fche Irish £os she French Emperor. But, on the whole3 that discreditable episode in hia career was regarded! by them more la sorrow fchas in anger* Ia tho Cork ballad, at any irate, the vaanuished potentate was niide to eselaimj m an appro jpriafcely obcQtenod and edifying spirit :«=- ' I owe I beat' the wrath of God, For meddling with the House oi Qod, My pride by him is humbled, And to Elba I must go.' Tho jumbling of the grotesque and the pathetic ia a characteristic feature of euoh productions. Thus, one of the flrat of the Cork ballads in which the Bmperor'a final overthrow waa alluded to began as follows : — ' Ye tradesmen and labourer?, I'm sorry to bear That there's no business doing This ensuing year— The tailore can't get work Either in country or town, Their scizzors won't cub Since poor Boney io down.' The date of this may be unhesitatingly fixed as 1816\. Cork had benefited greatly by the outlay necessitated by the long war with France, but fche peace o£ 1815 threw hundreds of the working clasoea out of employment. This was a bitter reversal oi the prospect suggested by the legend of 'Peace and Plenty,' whict in Cork, aa in ^ other c'ties of the United Kingdom; tfas die- ; I played in connection with the loyal illuminations ? for the Victory of Waterloo. One can easily - imagine the Bympatby of the audience that, in ' ' The Square '' on the Main-street, gathered 1 round the singer who bewailed the fact that - ' Bonoy was down.' It waa at once ail appeal i to their private interests as well as to their regard for a hero whom they considered, above all things, ' ao Ireland's friend. At any rate they were sure - that he had beon England's most formidable ; enemy. i The lyrist, in the comprehensive Sange oE his j symjjathies, took in all sorts and conditions of , men. Even the ' ycd coato' were included—at « leasb that contingent o'l; them furnished by the - now disbanded Cork Militia— 'Oh? 'tis bad £oj; - the militia that Boney is down.' Tho farmers ] God gi'flaierc wore feelingly reminded o£ tlac; ; flouricihing' tioaQo which they had enjoyed whila \ Eoney \Vac to the fore, and when Ireland had do ; largo a share id the victualling coEfcracta for the ( army and navy. They even nwore io those pros- , psrouc days in a manner befitting theie fortuHsa asj according to the name poetical authority,, they coEtmtted to do ia a more depresDiag aeilse— ' ( By the olive? o2 my whip,' Was their oath in each bowe —It's cby the nails in my brogues,1 . Since poor Boney is down.'' - But the crowning effort o£ one of the Cork : Berangera, of whom Ms. Haly was tho publishe5?0 : was a ballad aha date of which, from internal , evidence, was probably c year oe two after . JTapoleon's final deporto/oioa. It had c o'dli more ? extended popularity than that of the ditty already spoken of as a favourite in ZDnglaud, S'o much so that a writer ia All thg Teak, Eotjnd, many yeacB since, when that periodical was edited by its founder, the great English novelist, claimed for the ballad an American origin. He had heard it sung in the Southern States, and regarded it as a curious illustration of the feelings o£ the French Getfclers ia America towards Napoleon. Here is the Bo»called American compoaitiou as ^iven by Charles Dickenif s eonteibutos: s-~ ' Now Bonaparfce'a away feom Ilia Massing and ' fighting,, He's gone to n place that he'll never take de light in, He may sit down and toll all the battles he hao seen— Oj With hia heart Qd full oi woeou fcheloleoE Bi. Eel6Ba. Louisa she weeps for her husband departed, Bhe dreams while she sleeps, and awakes broken hearted, Not a friend to condole, even those who might be with her, But she sighs aa she thinks o£ the Isle oS St. Helens. No more in St. Cloud's he'll appgac in great splendour, Or go forth with his crowds like th6 great Alex ander, But the young King of Eome, and the Prince of Guina (Vienna P) Says he'll bring his father home from the lalo of St. Helena. All ye that have wealth, pray, beware of ambition, Lest some decree of fate may soon change your condition, Be ye steadfast and true, what's to come ye can tell ne'er, Ye perhaps may end your days in the Isle of St. Helena. The rude rushing waves around the shore are washing, The great billows heave again cfc the white rocks dashing — 'i He may look to the Moon of the great Mount Diana, j But his eyes are on the waves that surround St. Helena.' | This, without a doubt, is siraply an altered, a slightly altered, version of the original Cork ba ,} lad, which must have been carried to America b | Irish emigrants. In that original, as it may b e well to note, the illustrious exile: is not referred bo aa Bonaparte. The uaaal abbreviation is used —??Now Boney is away, &o.;' The present writer san well remember to have heard it sung in Cork by persons who, while Napoleon was still living^ bad listened to it in the streets when it was first shanted by the ballad-singeis. The air was sweet and pathetic and unmistakably Irish. The brief career o£ Napoleon's ill-starred son, the 6 young King o£ Eome,' known also by hi8 0ha 3owy title of Napoleon II. , but better by that o£ Bake de Eeichstadt, gave few opportunities fcofche jtreet minstrels. Still they did not entirely1 ignore hio existence. He is the hero of at leosfe erne ballad whiob was popular enough in ito day, '?' Tho Bonnie Bunch of Soses.' It is possibly o' Oork orgia too, but certainly may be claimed for 3Ho or other o£ tho creak centres o2 Irish afeeot bnllnd racnuCcioturo ?=??»!) ublin or Cork. The posfc 3aoH3D to hove bees present at au interview b8° ir/eoE tbo dead J3niporor'c haii: cad one oC thone sympathetic £cfe oaon who in Irish aoag aro so aCteii introdnoad cu warning or consoling the shanipions o2 a defeated cmios— ' I spied o lovely Eemalej, She DQQtned 'Jo me in grie£ and v/oe, Converoing with young BonapnrSs Concerning the Bonnie Bunch o£ Eoaes-O.' The ' Bonnie Busch o£ Eoaoc ' ia to be under 3tood ao aa Pollegorica! name for England. '. Young Bonaparte ' esprecueB his firm determia [itstion to have it at all hazardo. The 'lovely Semale^o '?' advice to him not to be too nure o2 the enterprise is apparently backed by a direct: coma emnication from tha gpint- world—from the great Napoleon himself :— ' My son, think on your father,' How in St. Heleaa his body lies low, How he lost his noble armies, So beware of the Bonnie Bunch of Eose6»0.'| f£ My son,' however, is not to be daunted :— 'Oh, I'll raise a stronger arrays And over both land and sea I'll go, Tis I will conquer Moscow, And gain the Bonnie Bunch oC Eoces-O.' Ag we all know, the poor lad had neither fche chance nor probably the apirit or ability to aver attempt cay achievement worthy oi his sire. He was kept virtually a State prisoner by Ma grandfather, the Emperor of Austria, and hio own isfcory was l;o zealously withheld from his knowledge that, according to ono account, he was up t© eighteen whea he Sroti heard, and secrefclj' feom one oS his tutors, o£ tha memos-'able part which M^ father had played iu European history. Aa a famous writer has observed bJ another unhappy prince, ' a blight waa on his1 body and on * his min-l.' If certain sinister traditions count for anything, his premature physical - and mental decay was indeed brought about by causes which were not natural ones. His death at the age of twenty-one was a perhaps still more melancholy instance of the irony ft£ fate than even that of the later faeie of the Napoleonic line who perished l).v the hands of the Zulus. But we are Hot. aware that either the triumphs or disasters 'of the Second Empire have been sung in any Datable way by the Irish ballad singers,, 