The Legend of the Cycle. Every spart has ita story (say3 Cycling) but hitherto the chroniclers of cycling have overlooked an interesting legend which deals with a pre- historic period of our universally popular sport, and which many Germana claim as the invention of the cycle by a countryman of theirs. The startl- ing events we are about to narrate occurred nearly 250 years ago, and the present is an appropriate time for re-telling. The works of Herr Caathaus contain particulars of a remarkable inventor-a namesake of the contemporary poet Herkoff-who met with a tragic end. Unfortunately, the details are too meagre to afford a reliable record. However, the incident took place in the reign of Frederick the Great, who was bom at Cologne, on the Spree, in 1620, and died in 1688. Among other notabilities in his army was a Herkoff-a watchmaker by trade, a soldier by conscription-famed for his height, which reached the goodly altitude of 6ft. 8in. Unfortunately this made him conspicuous, and^ in battle he lost both feet, and returned to his native village and original calling, pensioned by a grate- ful country. Reduced to being pushed about in a sort of a go-cart by his wife, who was long of tongue as she was strong of arm, he set about devising a vehicle in which ho could move about without her help-andabuse. Nalarallymechanical, hiB watchmaking skill stood him in good stead, and after long toil and many experiments, he at last produced a machine containing a 6eries of very strong springs, which could be wound up so as to materially assist the power generated by his legs or rather, what remained of them-and his arms. So lone- had he been about his self-imposed task that the whole countryside became interested in his scheme, and when the eventful day arrived for a public trial of his machine, an enormous audience assembled. Towards evening he turned out, and after adjusting the springs, oiling up, and other manipu- lations which always seem necessary on such occasions, he started down the village street, with his better-half walking in the rear. At first the cumbersome cycle went stiffly, but the inventor was confident, and between turning on another spring and increased arm power, his speed rapidly increased, and the crowd, such as were not awe- struck, an easy matter in that superstitious age, cheered lustily. The old soldier was radiant ; his wife was left far behind. The speed continued to increase-then, too late, he remembered he had for- gotten to provide any means of stopping. Wildly did he call to the spectators to catch him, but they were either too nervous of the infernal machine, as they called it, or it was loo quick. It even out- paced the champion runner of the village, and fire began to fly from the iron-sbod wheels as they bounded over the flinty road. A steep hill in front gave hope to poor Herkoff, but it was like a down grade to the demoniacal wheels. A party of country people, returning from a neighbouring market, met him at the top of the hill. They fled, terrified, aa he rose in the air, and they watched him vanish into space. Fearful was the account they gave of his awful appearance-oyes of fire, hair grey (it was raven black when he mounted the fated steed an hour earlier), coat-tails flying behind, with a haggard, worn, and unearthly expression of countenance On, on sped the mag icalmachine- nothing could stop it-nothingchechs its wild course. Reports came in from all parts of the country of people being frightened by a spectre on a flying machine, rushing through space. At last only a skeleton was left, but the bones held together and frantically worked the machinery, which, with the lighter weight and ab- sence of friction, was seen entering a dense forest in Bohemia months after it started. From this time it was seen but seldom, though at the beginning of this century it was often spoken of, and in some very remote paris of the Black Forest even now it is ranked among the many ghosts of that prolific district. Suffice it to say that Herkoff was never more heard of-he did not even return to claim his patent-so that a check was given to cycle invention from which it did not recover for over two centuries, and even now a remnant of belief in the tragic fate of Herkoff is to be be found in the extra strong brakes fitted to German made cycles-a point visitors to the Fatherland, and manufacturers in this country, have often wondered at, and which is now explained for the first time in an Engliah paper. 