HI .11 -- 1| - The Touch ol a Tanished Hand. 'o Mrs; Janet E. Johnson, of Crossley Dene, Wawangi, has not only seen a 'ghostj biit has been touched by one, an experience which is if confined to few, as ghosts as a rule have a \--- huhit of vanishins when snoken to nr -an- il - - proached. She- writes ; — ' ' g When' I was residing in Auckland I re- s'; ceived a letter from Tasmania, informing me \- that my only brother was on his way to pay me a visit He had gone via Dunedin, on purpose to accompany some young friends who were going to reside there. The same: , missive also stated that William Henry had altered -so much that I should not know him (he was only a growing lad when I saw him last), and was now six feet six inches m height After this, when I walked down Queen-street, I glanced at every tall young _.. gentleman I met, hoping to recognise my anxiously-expected brother, but day after day passed and he came not, and no farther com munication reached me. I thought his friends must have proved extremely enter taining to keep him so long. I was -greatly : disappointed, for we were very muclrattached to each other. One; night I lay awake — thoroughly ewake, mind — I had not been to sleep, or anything approaehmg it, when I saw a man clothed- in white (grave clothes), a mahso tall that he seemed almost to touch v thje- ceiling, come to ihe foot - of the bed, and \- .jeiritig -tiver me, - with a deep, .unearthly groan," drew both his icy cold hands down my face. I screamed, and my husband awoke, /quite startled, ' and inquired what was the- \- matter, " Oh, there is a tall man at the foot of the bed, and he is coming to my side now,"' I cried in terror ; but the apparition had vanished at the first word. My husband persisted in believing that it' was a dream — a had dream — yet, "only a dream." ." Oh, no —I was quite awake," I kept saying. " He' drew his cold hands down my face ; and I -feel as if a crust of ice or frost was still there, ; where he touched me." This feeling re mained all the day following ; although I " washed several times in warm water. As soon as time would permit, word came from Ho- . bart that my brother was dead and buried in Dunedin, One of the young fellows with whom he travelled was taken ill with some kind of fever ; he would not leave him, poor t . boy, and remained at cost of his own life. ; a His friend recovered. The date of his death tittfVt kit? AnnanMnrr niA Vul I vwA/llU«ti VTlHi- Uiu lv illvi 'Auckland Weekly News.' 