: Novelist. A MYSTERY SOLVED. \--T DETECTIVE STORY. 7y SPECTR I>M . CHAPTER V A few moments' thought convnuced Iash of noe fact. The girl whose dead body he had found on the beach was really a corpse; and again, ro. sumarkable as the fact was, he was convinced that the girl before him was no ghost, Ibut a real flesh-and-blood counterpart of the lovely creature whoso pallid features lle had gazed upon under the moonlight upon tio_ lonely beach. He was astounded at the remarkable resem blance, and satisfied that there was sonic lya* sterious connection between the ghastly dead and the marvellously lovely living, lie deter mined to solve the mystery. While coming to this resolution, lie Ihad been standing just within the door-way, gazing at the girl. The latter appeared fo be in the company of two gentlemen. iHer companions were remarkable-looking men, evidently foreigners. One was tall and slender, while the otlher was short and thlck-set. Both possessed swarthy complexions, dark, piercing eyes, and raven-black iair. Kingston still stood gazing at the fair girl, when the attention of one of the men was di rected toward him, Seeing that he had attracted attention, Dash turned upon his heel and walked slowly down the long hall toward the stairway. At the head of the stairs lie halted. Heo had observed that the girl was robed in a travelling dress,and it struck hinmthat poss--ibly tihe party might be just ulpon tlhe eve of delpar ture, and lie felt that it would not do to let them go without ascertaining somethling about them. While ieo was still standing there, and con sidering what course lie should take to accotn plish his pupose, lie heard a step approclCingg along the hall, and, upon turning, discovered that the newcomer was the taller of the two teen whom ihe had seen in company with the girl. As the man passed Dash to ascend thel stair., lie fastened on the latter a steady, enquiring glance. "I reckon that fellow will know me again when lie sees me," was the muttersul eoinmet of this young man, as he started to descend the stairs. From the fact that the man had passed hiim, Dash considered that tile party had lbut just arrived, instead of being osn ihse piaint of depar ture, and ihe determined to poistp.ne his enqui ,ries until a more opportune occasion. Our hero was an expert billiard player, and, havine nothine narticular to do. strollel inta fs ElllTarlroom. He had been seated there but a short time, when the stringer who had stared at him so impudently came into the room also. The latter took a seat directly opposite Dash, and agsin fastened his gaze upon the young fellow in a tixed and nimudlentmlan tler. Our readers are all well aware that it is not a very nice thing to be impudently stared at by a total stranger, and Dash beguan to feel rather uncomfortable. For some time lie paid no atteniion to the man, but directed his gaze carelessly about the moom; but every time lie glance"l toward the iman sitting oplposite, lle found the latter's gaze fastened upon hiil. )ash began to grow solnewhat seriously an noyed by this offensive snrveillance, and in ro taliation ihe faced the man witha look as steady and impudent as his own. Thus for a few seconds the two men faced each other, until it becameo ccessary for one or the other to speak. Dash was tle one who decid'dl to venture aspon this experiment, and ho said: " Are we acquainted, sir ?" "No," was tile laconic reply. "Then why do you gaze at me in such a manner?" "Bevcause I choose to !" was the impertinent reply. " Well, I choose that you should desist froii looking at me itn such a fixed manner; it is offenssive," said Dash. "I thought a few moments ago, when I awse you trying to stare a lady orst of countenance, that you approved of such little ,leasantries," said thle man. ])ash instantly recollected that he had tared at the man's companion, and being a frank, generous tellow, not at all quarrelsomie, natu rally lie thought that an explanation was due, andheo said : "!.ean give a good reason for my seeminigly impertinnlt onduect, sir." '"I should like to hear it," answered the non. "The young lady whom I saw in ymir com pany bears a remarkable rese?blaneo to an -other person wlhon I met under lpeculiar cir demstalcres." Upon hearing this reply the dark face of the Itroger became livid. Iris lips were bloodless, and a fierce, threat .culing light gleamed in Iris eyes as he said, in a lonw, husky voice: "As you have offered this explantion, will you please go still further, and explain under what circumstances you met the lady who you :say resembnles my niece?" "I did not say that it wAS a lady," replied ,Dlsh, with provoking coolness. "'\Vell, will you state whol it was n "I do not think that I will, under present oiroumstanees." "I may compel yu to,"e'was the fiqrce re" ie.~.. "'When you do T may tell," replied Daoh. "Do not provoke oi.t too far, young mann; it many ipmroe dangerou." "1t O ypotrsIlf who hal better carf You are a stranger to me, and you have thrust this converention upon me,'"replied Dash King. stan. "No, sir; you were the ngressor: you in. sulted a lady undcr may ehare." "That is fal.e I" "Do yeou give Ime the lie ." "I would serve you right if I were to give you the palm of emy glove on your chlel,': said ])Dih, augrily. "ion ; you are . lonafer; you dare not strike n Fcct!uclalal This was the first time that such an epithet had ever been applied to the young man, and his hod hloiled. Urged by a sudden paesion, he advaunced and raised his lhnd, intending to at least cruth the stranger's hat over hlis eye', iihen the latter suddenly sprunll g tfron is seat, and revdhing at the youngermanll, btnlrk a powerful blow at hillm. D:ash was quick-eyed and an expert boxer, and throwing out hii left arm ho warded off the Iblow, and with the right hand knot.kced the others' hat olf. ]tii sutagonist did not stop nto iek up his haS, Iot whipping out a piuel h'tlly otckel it, and a tragicj'esult mnlt have Ifllwed had1 not a gentlemlant rushed inl j at that tlltlmoent who seized hotd f the would-be asaaassio, say ing, mt a firm voice: "Stop ! you must not shoot." The man who had thusi opportunely inter fered in on behalf of of our hero, proved to be the short, thick-set man, who lhad also been a conm ipnioin of thetyoung lady who ha:d nmade such a remltarkable imllpressionl utipon D)ash. The last cotrter spoke in broken English, and in a very rapid manner. As Ihe turned the weapon aide, and while still hohling the arm of his frieud, lie turned toward Kingston, and asked: " What is the trouble ?" "You must ask your friend," returned our hee,. " You must be careful, my friend will kill "I think not," was the quiet reply " But lie would have killed you had I not coml!e." "?-,,e did not savo my lifebut your friend's," replied Dash, and as Ihe spoke ite showed a pis tol in lis hand, adding: " Before your friend eould have raised his anlt, Str, lie willltLt have been thel victiml f thi.i I hare dealt with assassins before, and I atilt always prepared for them." "iMy friendl is not all assasnsi. You istit have insulted him grossly, or he would not have attempted to kill you." This scene occurred in tile middle of the dlay; there was no one in the room, at the ,Ilmntent the actual outlrea:k ecclurrs],anld econ seqlently the above conversation plased wilth out heiug heard, except by tllhse taking pl.rt in it. In answer to the assertion of the stout man, Dash said : "It was your friend that insulted me:; and the hie4 tling you can do isv t t t:e Ilisl away with you." While tie alsibe l onversation wai trasalir ing the tall inani had re:t,-reld his pi-tl . to hii pock. t, iin dtood wiith folded airm; gazilng at t.lsh -with a lnese thial wune menttluini , and steu?sti danger at faime fuiturce tine. ''The ctoutt mlla seesned to pin;t a- a woniai.r ful illlnience over him, and it was only at his iriendts requet that hle was induced tS put up hi; weapon. .\ short conversation now took place ihtween the two tmen, in the SIpanish tonngo.. Our here wae a flie Spi.titih schltlr, and, unie. knownl to themi, heard anid undliiitood every word thalt Ipaeod LbetweenII them. " What led to the thtroub!e"'asked the thick set nmau of the tall etne. "That tllan recognised Gertine!" was tle reply. " I:cognis.edi ?lrtlinoe! tlnpots ib, !" "'Ve..; but he admitted that hI did." "Youi have Ieen fooled, Alonze." "No; I tell you Ite said that lie had seen her before." "Then Itl was lmaking sport of you. It is impos.ibil tha:t Ihe could have seen her beftre, atld s llle should know that fact better than "Alh, iut you dio not undilr.tand; lie said that lie, had oseta solione whoi looked so iintlch like hllier that I oathSl l ah i:t swear that it wt., the site plerson. And it tthee oagtin, lil Fu-r, sitlne shou!d know letter thanou thou hat there ws ult lone lpersonl whoi loo!.dt so iusitch llike our (Ici tine." After a short siltiec, tile stut ma s?a :sit: "Are vyou scur that you did not niisuncler sta?nd tthe yolltlg a Ill " I ae 'ur11p." "Well, AlItio, remetiler that we have a lquieter way of getting rid Oif a fou thana shtot iug him down in the Street." " I ilcannollt ie goladed." "tllt yousll nut snt lie mrah; youuillst apolo giols. W\e nlust tliake a friend of himl ; then, if we can t nsli e liti, wie csee reiOei hiuls without anly 1ie,,." ] Salh congrlatulated himself on having beeu taugllt the Spanishslt langu:ie, and lit the eathe time eame the thell7ght thalt to be folrewarnied is to be forearmed. '" I will go-youl are a co, ler thanl T; you make him ynio friend,"said the tall ioan. The tall ian olitvtd away tas though urged to dl so Iby his friel,i ...'-- ". :latter turned s.to a?till said: "Y t forgie my forgie rioend ; comec,let you and I be on good ternle." ])ash thlought that, under the circumstance-, hle was qulite justifiled il ditsemitlillUg, annd took the Spaniard's hand. lIe also had a game to play, and being on his guard, lie was willing o take Jlong ehiauiee to winl, 