: j The Storyteller. jl/VITHOUT AND WITHIN I CHAPTER XII. j{ DISCORDS. * :.;. ( Continued. ) ?\ The long summer afternoon wore on. iijince I was called to the «ittin^-room by lira. Prescott, to give my voice in some ,' uoBtioD of arrangement ; and as I halted in #e kitchen on my return, I was pleased to '.ear Ruth Wintiot babbling away like a ?yjeadow-brook to EBSie Volger, while, now 'kid then, her laugh gurgled merrily through bo tli rooms. Coming nearer, ,'hd seeing her face uplifted and aglow, and l^r eyes dancing with merriment, I could ,' larcely rid myself of the impression that the i'(an and mournful Ruth had somehow been jViirited away, and this bright, merry spark ing oreatare substituted in her place. I was .fen a little saddenod by the sight ; as if I :jjfed found 8 bird singing its song, and build ;Tg its nest, iu a flickering strip of winter I inshine, mistaking it for the dawn of an un I, ldiog summer. k . . ? it' At six o'clock everything was complete ; ?? ib old house prepared for the new life which ^ as to be lived in it j which, nevertheless, ,'jould not be rnuoh unlike many other lives 'ijhad known (since it must be woven of the Time human warp and woof) ; yet would be \- ell worth living through, noswithstanding, Vith the peaceful light of piety shed over it, ''/id immortal hope shining far on into the P.Mk. '( There is no resisting the natural gravita V;pn of a farmhouse toward the kitchen. It il'&n; there that wo all assembled, by taoit monrreuce, when the work wa&done; ; and it ,' as there that I said— **^ '' ; ' It seemH to me it would be well to sing ',;;e Gloria in Exoelsis now, by way of :,! easast finale to onr afteraoon. We will {.ptizo the old boose in a stream ot harmony Leaking short work with ghosts and spells, I id washing away whatever diaootdances ot ?' deling, temper, opinion, or faith, may cling ;/( the walls. Lead off, Ruth.' ';Ituth lifted up her voice with fervour, '.Jssie joined in spiritedly, I took the alto, :,:t. Taylor 'supplied toe needed baok-gronnd ' '; a bass, and other voices fell in or stayed 'it, according to inclination or ability. The , ! orionsold gonur of praise rolled its rich tide '. rough the rooms, penetrating to the darkest ? ' rners of garret and collar, and leaving c? cry where, I hoped, some helpful, healing ''f viving influence. vf'i Then, the party scattered. Before Miss '? isie took her leave, ehe invited Alice and (.'vself to tea with her the next afternoon and ' ;i innged to include Rntb in the invitation 'j th so much tract and cordiality, that the \ )uld-be recluse, promised to go before she V|iow it, aud was l°ft in a state of infinite I'J.'iazement because sbo had done so. ''j, When all had gone, save onr own little ?fifty, Mrs. Proscott drew mo aside into the 'J ntry. Loaves of broad, piles of biscuit, u ?j npting varioty of cakes, balls of butter, I-Aaugles of cheoso, brown paper parools, and i^skets ol fruit and vegetables, wero mar £? ailed upon its shelves, in sufficient force to :{itinro to Mrs, Taylor some weeks of cany and i'fiixpeDBivo housekeeping. Mrs. Prescott '.!? inted them out and named their donors, :'' th a mixture of feelings. Mrs. Dnnfortli t \'d covered liersolf with glory, '', , ' She said she'd never heard of such a thing i'jiber life,' said my guide ; but, as soon as ir's found oat what I wanted, sho was ready ?.' send everything sho had in the house.' ,|,To one small card of gingerbread, however, V.th a kind of Uriah Hcop air about it, she ,y»e a withering glance. K' I would just like to chuck that out of tho ?ti adow,' she said, spitefully. ' Would you Yiiovoit? that's all Mrs. Buroham brought 'and she as woll off as anybody in the ? ; risk, if not better I Tho truth is, some give Uerslly, some don't give at all, and all share k'i credit. Mr. Taylor sees his pantry well '? od, and thinks everybody has had a hand .'J it, and believes he's in: clover. Bathe 1^; .n't live here long without finding out who j, friends are j that's one comfort.' ?.(A comfort that has its . reverso of fj comfort I ? . ,.Mr. Taylor was to spend the night at the ji | vines', not to disturb tbe newly-created ! ler of his dwelling before its mistress's I'f'ival. Therefore, windows were shut and ,'(jrs fastened ; and finally, standing on the ,i-ad, irregularly-shaped doorstep, ho turned fV i key on the silence within. i^i 'How strange,' said Alioe, 'to have a L'.lme full of promise, and nut one memory 1' V;! CHAPTER XXIII. j jii - , ! U] tB0- ; 'Jjl'hat tho evening was nut dull, after our ?'W and fatiguing afternoon at'the Gwynne ?| i'*oe, was chiefly owing to Leu. Tho two i^jpers incident to summer farm-life— an J?f'ly one for the women and guests, and I'jther for tho ' men-folks' returning at :fi\ak from their labor — being over, Mr. 'flylor was formally presented to that black |i carnation of canine mnjeBtjr, as I had been ;j the night of my arrival in Sbiloh. '',!M«y be you'll think it's almost an im ;V|rtinenco, now; but yon won't when yon ft1 1 1 what comes of it, one of these days', said ;V;\ Divine, with a good- naturod.twinkle in his ?' ''|3. ' Leo's friendship's worth more than ,y:it of a good many banians in yourcongre 'vtion, Mr. Taylor.' fi1 Indeed !' That may be saying a good .1,1! for the dog, Mr. Divine ; but it is not luring much for the,' humans.'' ?f' Isn't it?' returned the ' farmer, with his j\r, mellow laugh. l[\' When you come to know Leo better,' may i'J,' you'll change your mind. Fur my. part, I Alow lots of folks tbat.'ud be a good- deal j| -tter memberH of society ~ it they'd bo only ;'',it hall as careful to do their duty, as far as ,' I , sy know what 'tis, as Loo is to do his'n. j'l'he hasn't got a sou), liuVgut a' bigger and -.'.'{cleaner conticienoe than most men. Why, j ;*lou't think he's shirked work or disobeyed ~,,\, order five times since I've had him ; and i .,»t'8 agoin' on seven year, now.' l\' Indeed !' said Mr. Taylor, ' beginning to i, |;ik interested. 'Not one sin per year i. \ainst his conscience — that is a olean.ro ,1 ;rd ! I wish mino wore as fair I' and the jijirgyman sighed. j-|iBy and by, Mrs. Divine brought forth I,; ken, np])loH, and other, convenient refresh ji|,)nlB for her gnests; whereupon Philip, the ji'Innger of hor Rons, conceived tho brilliant ,, j)n that Leo might bo made to hot as waiter. ;,. t;cordiiig!y the buskotof apples w«g put into the dog's month, and he was bidden to ' pass it round.' Two or three mieUkes at the out get — -such as depositing the basket and its contents in my lap, and then setting it on the floor and daintily presenting an apple to Alice with his teeth— provoked much mirth ; a* well as the proud gravity with which he per formed the task, when it became dear to him precisely what was wanted ; while his quick ness in catching tbe idea seemed truly wonderful to one not acquainted with his capacity for far hotter things- Mr. Taylor's admiration therefore, was extremo and enthu siastic. , . * Tbe most intelligent animal I ever saw I' exclaimed be. ' I've seen trained dogs, of course, and I know how they beoome so ac complished—by dint of a long coarse of whips and starvation. But a great, noble follow like tbat, who understands what yon say, and takes an idea almost as quick as it is presented to him— I declare, it'senongh to make o one believe in tbe transmigration of souls ! What would you sell him for ? . I suppose he is worth n good deal of money.' ' Sell him !' repeated Mrs. Divine laaghinj? aaietly — ' sell him I I'll tell you how near I came to Belling him once, and what I was offered for him ; aud then perhaps you'll tell me wbat you'd take for him ii he belonged to you. You see I've got a brother that lives down to — — Point, Long Island ; and he wrote me las', fall that there was a gentleman in his neighbourhood who wanted to buy a right smart, knowing Newfoundland ; and if I was willing to sell Leo, he thought I could got at least fifty or sixty dollars for him, and perhaps more. Weil, just about tbat time I happened to be pretty hard pushed for money ; I had a note coming due in a month and nothing to meet it with. I'd got to sell something, and, in short. 1 inafde up my mind that I could spare Loo better'n anything else, though I hated awfully to part with him. So I and Leo went down to — — Point. When wo got there, the gentleman— a Mr. Fife — had gone to York, to spend a day or two ; and there was nothing to be done but wait till be come back. Well, tbe next day was fine— tho suu bright and warm, the water dancing and shining like quicksilver, — so brother took me out a-sailing. Leo followed me into the boat ; but there was five of us on board— my brother, and three of his ohildreu, besides myself— and I thought he might bo in the way ; so I ordered him out, and told him to stay behind. He don't often disobey orders, as I told you ; but the water down there seemed to set him 'most crazy. He'd never snen anything bigger than our river before, and he wanted to be in it all the time. Sn, nftor we'd cot out a piece, lo and behold 1 there come Leo swimming alongside, and trying to look, the' rogue ! as if he thought that was what was meant ; and if he wasn't wanted in tho boat, there couldn't be tbe least objection to his going outside as convoy I I began to scold and was about to send him straight hack ; but the boys pleaded so bard for him, and brother said he thought we might as well take him on board, snein' he. wanted to go so bad ; and I finally gave in, and Leo cume over the side as happy a dog as ever yon see. [To be continued.] 