' (MiacdiariMis ' JuiclItptM. A purchase of. £250,000 worth of diamonds fi pm i lie diamond fields of South Africa was ' : recently made by a London firm. The total cost of the New South Wales ednca- tinn rivHtem. lakintr credit for tho £70.000 from school fees, was under £800,000 a year, and, as the nuinber. of chijdren in the public schools at the end of 1892 was 210,641 the cost per head per nnnum was under £3 10s. A somewhat extraordinary coincidence lias just occurred in connection with the. recent post office appointments nt Broken Hill. Mr, Brod- erick, the postal assistant at Bathurst, died sud- denJy while on duty at Broken Hill. Mr. F. Nagten was appointed to filHhe position, and he died from typhoid fever a day after transition from .Broken Hill, and Mr. P. A. Feller, who was i old off to fill the vacancy created by Mr, Nag- ten's removal, died from the same disease on Wednesday. All three deaths occurred within a month. From New Zealand a parcel of 300 tons of flour, potatoes, produce, etc., is being sent to Queensland for the relief of the sufferers by the flood. It will not strike every one that much can be made out of the possession of one farthing ; yet a Liverpool genius — -mechanical, not financial — . has heaicM the record in making the most out of this small coin. It weighs ldwt., and from only one-fourth of (his weight of metal, beaten and rolled into a strip, he has made a tea-kettle, a hot-water can, a coal-bucket, a bath-chair, a jug, and a sugar basin. In this man's fingers, evi dently, the whole farthing is capable of supply ing quite a decent stock for a hardware Bhop. He declares that he will be glad to hear of and shake hands with, anyone making more out of the humble farthing. The debenture-holders of the Midland Railway Company of Western Australia have accepted the resolutions passed by the Legislature of that colony, guaranteeing £150,000 and interest upon certain security. It is anticipated that the rail way works' will soon be in full swmg ng'airi. Mr. J. Neiison, the keeper of the Jenolari caves wires to the Sydney papers : " Graiid discovery. — I have discovered-a very grand series of caves, which excel the Imperial in beauty. I disco vered iralone,- nnd had a narrow escape of losing my 'life through losing my lights. The assistant guide woujd never have found me. The- ch&ui.; hers are numerous and beyond description. I thought I would not be able to excel the Impe rial in beauty, but this discovery exceeds any I have yet made. I inteiid further exploring to day." A terrible tragedy is reported from North hampton, in Western Australia. William Cbailes Glass, aged about 50, a squatter, long resident in the district, shot two of iiis grown. up daughteis dead, nud then poispnediiimseif. It. is alleged that' the motive for the crime was his displeasure at one of his daughters deciding to marry without his consent, and the other for encouraging her sister. There were no polics at Nprthamptou when lire occurrence was reported there, jind a special message was despatched to Geraldton to bring up n constable. GIusbwcs a weli- ediicated intelligent, able man, and was chairman, of the Northampton Roads Board, He leaves a wife and inrge family. He was always regarded as a headstrong, determined man who could not be driven from his purpose. The Taieri (N Z.) Advocate states that there was a terrible mortality amongst the sheep at the Lee Flat station this year. Tho animals were Bliorn so close by the machines that tliey were unable to stand the frosty wenther that followed upon the shearing, and they perished' by hun dreds. Our informant states that nearly 4000 sheep died — a big mortality bill certainly. A Boulia (Qd.) telegram, dated February 7th says ; — ".The drought still continues, the roadfj being blocked. A famine is threatening. The mail contractor between Winton and Boulia has already lost 15 horses, aDd coniemplates stopping the mail." A rather singular snake slory comes from South Australia as having occurred at the resi dence of Mr. R. Kennedy; While attending to the cot, Mrs, Kennedy put' her six-months-old baby on the floor of the room, laying the child on an old overcoat. In due course the child was replaced in the cot, and Mr. Kennedy, refnrning shortly afterwards, took his youthful offspring up in Iiis aril) s. In doing so he noticed tha't something was concealed in the child's clothes. A brief examination proved that it was a snake", and, rushing out into the open air, it was found' that the reptile, 3ft 6iu in length, had made iis way through a very small aperture into the space between the lining of the child's dress, and was luere Luiitju up, re8iiu£ against tne little oue's body. A writer in' tiie Gentlewoman is responsible for the following thrilling story .-—Two young girls, one of whom I know, went to stay in a country house some lime during "t1i!a year. Tliey were given a room with a legend-attached to it to the effect that a woman whose face was cov ered with blood haunted it. I believe, however that the girls laughed and said they didn't mind' That night fliey went to bed, and very soou 'af terwards the door opened and a woman rushed in, her iace covered with blood, and threw her self on the bed. The girls, terrified out of their seuses,- pulled the bedclothes over their heads and remained where tliey; were, too frightened to move. At .length, hearing nothing, tliey fell off to sleep, thinking the ghost had gone ; hut the next morning, when tliey awoke, there, right aerosB the foot of the bed lay the', woman depd and cold. Poor thing ! she was one of the ladieB maids who. had suddenly broken a blood vessel' and ran in to try and get help ; but not being able to speak for choking, and also being the exact impersonation of the " ghost," she got no assistance, and so died. An amusing story— which seems like an old one ill o new dress— appears in a Singapore pa- per. i here is, it says, in one of the Consular offices in an Eastern port, a certain clerk of diu- tmguiHued birth with a still more distinguished appetite. On the departure of a certain war vessel recently, this gentleman thought he might get a square meal on the strength of iiis connec tion with the Consulate, so lie went on board atid hung about, expecting to be taken below. But the vessel was just getting ready to go away, and nobody had time to see him. Where there's a will, however, there's a way. He went below of his own accord. Nothing to got. Oh yes' There was a big bottle of whisky-better than nothing. Accordingly he.made that bottle feel empty. I hen, leaving his card, he returned on shore. A month later an official report came to he Consulate, stating that a certain Government had bent out a medical specialist who Had se en r&d; a( beautiful collection of Asiatic cholera gonna, b„t unfortunately the bottle of spirits in HongkotTy! WCre pre8e, ved bad beeu emptied in ro£?LLfWAY PlLS ar? tlie medicine most in repute for curing the multifarious maladies which beset mankind when dry, sultry weather suddenly f\ZZ P T « A'-' drenching- days. In fact, these Pills offer relief even if they fail of prov! mg nn absolute remedy in All the disturbances of digestion, circulation, and nervous tone winch occasionally oppress a vast portion' of tlie popu lation. Under ihe genial, purifying, and strength ening powers exerted by this 'excellent medidne tl e. tongue oecomes clean, the appetite iiriprdves, gestion is quickened, and assimilation is ren- deied perfect. These Pills possess the highly nflIb!ln> P'Pe!'ty f clemming tiie entire inasB . ? '. w'1ICHi m its renovated condition, of thbody13 ' btrenb| ana v'gOF to every tissue Glen Innks.— Printed' and published by. .HenW Cleave St. Vincent, for Vincent Brothers, at his Office, Grey-street, Glen limes, 