L O C A L A i \ I > G L K K R A L . banquet to he rian Government in Melbourne. MiMisTEuun.—'Tbe Oliiof Secretary and Minister of Lands arc both in the North, II *not be back to office until tomorrow morning. ” * Board of H eal' d.—Mr F. E. Windsor has been appointed a mctnberof the chore Board of Health. C rijow al Rrrsions.—Tbe Criminal Seems s it a t 10 o’clock to-morrow morning, lie C hief Justice presides in the First Court aud Mr Justice Adams in the Socond Court. Lighthou se S e r v ice .— Tbe Marine Beard will wait on tbe Treasurer at early date * ith regard to some proposed alterations in the lighthouse service of tbe colony. Cactiokid.— A circular has been issued by th e Superintendent of Police to the tobacconists and email dealers of the city, reminding them that Minday trading iB*a distinct violation of the law, and that in future prosecutions will follow breaches of tbe Act. •AMENTAnr.—The following probates been issued s—Mary Walker Jaruefi Scott, £820 ; Elizabeth Johnso Joseph Jobnson and Frederick William X1G5 ; George ‘William SampBin to IVillintn Philp, XI473; John Carliele to 'l'homas Conlan and William Shelton, >C9J f M ichael‘i’homas Connor to Ellen Connor, £ 2». A Snake. — A party of excursionists killed a large black snake on the beach ut brown’a River yesterday afternoon. Tho reptile m easuredover4ft -fiins in length. Hospital Board.—At a meeting of the Executive Council held on Saturday last losrs Thomas Dennison, C. Ifnrlut.tle, George Ken-, John AJitchpll, and Dr. W olfhagen wore gozottcd lnmlw-ra of the Hobart Hospital Board. Sunday Tuadind. -AI' io-day’s m epting of th e Licensing Ilench the Chairman administered a caution to the licensee of r publichotisp, against whom tho Superintendent of Police had preferred a charge of 8uuday trading. He pointed out to the delinquent that Sunday trading was against the law, and if he was found out in " il nre serving on the Sabbath ho would -obabiy lose his license. C a r le R eceipt*.—'The following are thy gross receipts of the Tasmania aud V ictoria Submsrino Cable Company fur tbe mouth of January;—Pnid in Tasmania .• 1891, £1098 17b 3d ; 1692, JC6GG 7s bd ; 1893, £542 4b Gd. Paid in the colonics : 1891, £9SH 17e Id 5 1892, JXM) 19s gd ; 1*93, £150 tu Cd. T otals4 1891, £ 2oSi H b 4d . 1H<)2, £1559 78 4d 5 1893, £i001 14g. 1891, 12,615 ; 1892, 10,09 ] ; 1893, 0H25. Press meseages.—Paid in Tasmania, £82 11s lOd ; paid in colonies, £51 Is 3d. cidentb.—William Barnott, residing 7 Elizabeth street, embedded a lish hook in bis finge. on Saturday evening, nd bad to ca.il on Dr. Armstrong a t tbe General Hospital to havo the obstacle cxtrac ed, Robert Wiggins live years of of Mr Alfred Wiggins, of M elville street, was playing with a dog when the anim al became viciouB and seized th e boy by tbe no;o. W ith difficulty the child was ■fcucd from the animal, when it was found nocessury to convey him to tbe Hospital for treatment, where Dr. Armt-ong dressed the wound. Licensing Bench,—A mooting of the Licensing Bench wae held this morning Present—’TI10 Police Magistrate (M r W. Turletoa), tho Mayor (Mr G. S. Crouch), Crouch. Mr W. Tnrleton was elected chairman for the year. The following transfers were granted :—Allflobrooke, William, from Alexander McKenzie, tho W hite Pheasant, Goulhurn street, Hobart; Brown, Sydney F., from Gugtave Klug, th e Eogiehawk, Etiza(>etli etrcct, Hobart; Eagle, William, from William Hore, the Bird-in-Haud, Argylo stroot, H ob art; Owens, Robert James, from Sidney F. Brown, tho Wheattiheaf Ice, Macquarie street. Hobart. Licenses for th e year word granted to James Burnett, the Tasmanian fun, Campbell street; Samuel Thomas Pepk, the Alabama Hotel, Liverpool street. These applicants since last jiceueing day have been Rolling liquor under permisrioa o f tfO justices, they having failed to mako their applications within thn proper period. The transfer e f the Travelleiv' R est, Saudy ■ay road, from Thomas Amott to Bichard Brown was granted. A packet license for llse s.s. Nabeena was granted to W. J. WhitehouBe. The Bench then rose. C hristian Convention.—The Christian Convention serrices, conducted by tbe Rev. John Watsford. of Victoria, were c.nntnenood in tho Wesleyan Church, Melville etreot, yesterday. The rev. gentleman preached both morning and evening to U rge congregations. In the morning he chow) hie tex t from Isaiah xliv., 3 , “ For I will poor water upon Jiim that is thiisty and floods upon the dry ground; I will pour My Spirit npon thy seed, and My blessing upon ti.ino offspring." The preacher eaid that they bod in tb e toxt the promise of tho outpouring of th e Holy Spirit. Every word in it referred to fulpubb and abundance, and there wrs the promise that tho Spirit would dw ell upon tho Church and the work, W bilo ho impressed th e lesson upon them 3io trusted referred to tbe w ant of onorgy in the Church n t tho present day, aud said th a t whatwaB wanted was the I’enlocoetul power if Pentecostal buccorr was to bo achieved. T he work of tho f’liurch was a poor feeb’o tliiug w ithout the haptifim of th o Holy Ghost,, aud thoy were too often Irving to do th e work w ithout th a t power. ‘ He advised th o paronU to lead Godly prayerful livos, and thoy would find th a t their children would grow up in grace, in the evening M r W atsford based his poraarkaon Revelation ili., 20, ** Behold 1 tfa n d a t the donr and knock ;if any man near My voice and open th e door I will come in to him • and will eup with him and he w ith M e " The words of the te * t were epolcen after tueB ranrrecljpn, end were words of love which had givon faith and h q p e to thou- Mode, an d would give faith and hope to housands more. Tho to rt m ig h t he d i­ ided in to tw o ports—n Behold, I stand a t h e dqer and Imopk." By tbie t o m eant w o things, rirefc o f all, ne w anted to save, nd w as w illing to save men } secondly, That He was using appropriate means to save men. H e was knocking a t th e door of those who were uaBared,and who were without God and without Lope. H e wished to impress upon them that the Lord Jesus Christ lored them, and had never passed by a jioor sinner yet. H e believed that He would do HU very b est to save a ll in the world, If thoy wanted proof o f God’s willingness to save it w as expressed in words, "Come unto Me all yo that heavy laden and I w ill give you rest." He was using appropriate means to save and and all the words and eermous spoken knockB at tho door of th e heart, seeking to gain admission. H e strongly deprecated any lukewarm profession in connection with the work of the Church, and said that any man entering th e door, would meet with union, communion, and 1eelprocal delight. The choir bolooging to the Royal Victorian Institute for the Blind occupied the choir gallery a t both services. In the morning Mies Aston sang very sw eetly "He skull feed His flock," and in th e evening Miss Hauler “ 1 know that m y Bedeemer livetb.” Mjnistebr’ Association.—T he Rev. J MacNeil gave an Address in thoQ uocn’f Domain yesterday aft moon under .the auspices of the Uobort Ministers’ Aetociation. The attendance was good, and the rev. gentleman's remarks wero attentively listened to. Snnkey’s hymns wero sung uring tho service. St. M art’s C ath ed ral.—The Very Rev. Father McCarthy, of Caliircireon, 1 Hand, reached two aormous in St. Mary’s athedral yesterday before large congreations. The rev. gentleman's visit to vemania is for the purjioEO of obtaining unds to assist in the complotieu of tho ’Connell monument at Cnhiruivcen, the irthplace of Daniel O’Connell. This onument is in th e form of a church and ndustrial school, and a Mfttuo, and the und has boon largely subscribed to at ome and in America. At the 11 o'clock ervice the choir, uuder the conductorahip EM rJ. R. McCann, renderod Gounod’s Messc Solonelle." A MrerERvCLEARED Ur.— T he Superinendent of Police, (Mr Redder), has beeu onsiderably pestered of late b y a resident f Bathurst street, who made frequent eports that tbe windows in liis house wore eing continually broken. A constable as sent to watch the premises on Saturay, and whilst bo was actually present pnne of glass in one of the wtodows hivered, making the matter all th e i ysterious. Mr Bedder undertook the est of clearing the business up yesterday, nnd about 11 a.m . visited the bouse. W hilst he was talking to the wife of tho tenant one of the windows of a bedroom broken, and a minute inspection showed that it had boon shattered from inside, a brick and piocrsof broken g being found on the outside underneath tho ■window sill. Mr Fodder pointed out thn it was a matter o f im possibility, under tb circumstances, for the damage to have been done from tho outside, and straightway :ueod some of the inmates of the house with being the guilty pirtios, and thereupon loft. No further complaints hn been made. G arrison Band Concejit.—The Garrim Rand, assisted by a number of meui< bora of Sir J. C. Williamson's Opera Com f'n y , gave on open-air concert in th< Barrack Reserve yesterday afternoon. The attendance numbered between two nnd throe tboQSflad jieoplo, who receivod with Appreciation the following programme: —March, " Victory ” ; overture, " Poet nod peasant", euphonium solo, “ Aii de concert ofc raiio" Mr IVwlter Col- erd ; selection, “ llohaaiian girl ’’ (solos for clarionet, cornet, horn and euphonium); trombone solo, "Old English air, with variii* tionB." ftdajitod, arranged, and played by Mr Walter Oolvord: overture, “ La Sirono." 7’he following wore tho performers iroui WilliaineoD’s Opera Company who took part:—Mr L. Brown loboo), Mr G. Itunipf (clarionet), Mr H. Kauiage (tyui- »nj, etc ), Mr J. Watson (cornet), Mr J. llingott (French horn), Mr F. Pollard (flute), Mr W. Celverd (euphonium and elide trombone). Mr W. Colverd, who has tlio reputation ofboingtheebiefeuphonium and slide trombonist in tho rnlomcs, played the two solos set against his name pleasingly. Bandmaster Hates conducted. l’GRTHi Rauk.—’J'wo fine 8hropfihirf arrived hero from England pci R.M.S. Coptic yesterday, for Mr R. W. Barwick, of Bridgewater. They wen landed in excellent condition, and w on 3 to tho N'ubtv-tm Quarantine Station, bring,—Some anxiety is felt for thi safety of throe boarded-out boys, named William Evans, Henry Daft, nnd William Burgess who havo been m issing from liioi. homo, 95 Warwick street, since 9 a.m. ou the 30th ult. On that day thoy loft home and nothiug definite has been hoard of liotn since. Thoy are supposed to have gone in tho direction of New Norfolk, because the day after their departure three boys answering the description of tho missing lads wore observed erossiug the bridge at Bridgewater. Detective Franklin was despatched Bridgewater io yesterday to mako enquiries, ud the officer is confirmed iu the opinion that tho boys are in tho neighborhood of New Norfolk. TliiB morning Sub-Inspector Marshall, of BridgowAtcr, telegraphed to Mr Redder, iuformiitg him that the runaways lodged a t Mr Sheargold’s on tho ew Norfolk read on the night of the ]Rt In connection with this matter Mr Pedder strongly protests agaiust the police eing saddled with the responsibility of ookj'ng after Hiobo boarded-out children, s ho considers that it is thn duty of tho Administrator of Charitable G rafts and Mb department to undertake tfie recovery f tbe boys. T ue Citv B and.—Tho s.s. Nubeona, ith a krgo party on board, including tho embers of tho Cify Band, made tho usual xcursion to Brown’s River yesterday afternoon. The day being beautifully fine, tho trip was a very onjoyablo one, the Band playing selections of saerod music to and fro, In tho evening tho Band occupied the stand at the Barrack Reserve, which was thronged. Under Baudmastor Hopkins, the Baud gave the following program m eM arch , "Jagor;’’ selection, "Gondoliers;” inorcsaa, "The British P a t r o ls e le c t io n , " t'rown diamonds j” selection, " Faiist.” Mr E. Kolian, of Williamson's Opera Company orchestra, and Mi; H. P . Jockinssen, of tho Emerson Minstrole, nseistod aud their numbers were appreciated by the audience. Hodant J Io r tic d ltd iia l Society.—Tbe annual summer Show of this Society is to be held in tbe Exhibition Building ou Wednesday afternoon. Entries close at S p.m. to-day with the Assistant Secretary (Mr F. B. Pocock), care of Mr Jones, 6*7 Liverpool street. Couat of R bvjbjon.—A Court for the purpose of revising the electoral roll for the district of George Towu is to be hold a t the Courthouse, Reaconsfiold, on Wednesday next. Fishino T eip.—On Wednesday next the 9, Nubcena is to mako a pleasure and fishing trip to Brown's River. S te b lin o Ajjyjcb in 2 0 L e tte e s,—"Buy at C, and 0 . Tea Company ” and save 4d to Id on sugar, with tea 3d per lb less than retail shops (sold in any quantity). Verbal or enquiries by letter courteously replied to. Address orders, J. 1<\ Moffatt, C. aud 0 . Tea Couipauy, 43 Murray etreot (only addreai), opposite H. J. Marsh and Company. Ploaso note advertisements in in thiB paper. m 0 . N icholls having token the Exhibition Hotel, Hampden road, Battery Point, is now prepared to supply wines, spirits, etc., by the qoftm or single tattle, &t; wholesale rates, during this ObristinoB eonson, for cash. Considerable reductions have been mode. A trial respectfully solicited. Orders promptly stteuded to. Telephone, 120\. G, NichoYSs, proprietor. Vtfftl OuMlOUvp L floM* £vcAr.rrti firnuor. Try its ominsuUj panertnl cSsots In ooc^tuk ooliU, lpflaent&| the refisf is fasfeanlADeous. Jn esrious s w , and traldsots ot all khifts, be tlity wounds, barns, ... truisee, spsins, •*-- Itlstiic- il sTsafe«t ramfldj ‘ — [ussd tn croaju dluhtltsrls* toonoMtiai n to tho lungs, sweuinfs, etc.; ducrhtsi, drsentetT* dlssssss of ths kddneye and arinsn Otgaot, In use st hOBjJitela aud msdiesl oUoioe sli orWflli D eafness P ehmanently C ubed, — A gentlem an who cured himsolf of Deafness an d ifoiees in th e H ead, o f m qny years' Etesdlng, by a new method, will b e pfeaseid to send fu ll particulars, w ith copies of estim onials, ate., fo r tw o stom ps. T ho ost successful troaianeat ever introduced. ddrpgs* H e b o ie t C pxrrov, 61 U pper 