The Storyteller. THE HOUSE ON THE MARSH. (Continued.) CHAPTER II. I was down in the dining-room the next morningr, with the unfailing punctuality of a new- comer, at the sound of the breakfast bell -before anyone was, there. Mr. Rayner came in in a few minutes, handsome, cheerful, but rather preoccupied j and I -w.as listening to bis,, bright small-talk, with the .-polite stranger's smile, when I discovered, without bavins; beard anj sound, that Mrs. Rayner was in .the room. - She had glided in like a ghost, and, without more interest in the life around her than a ghont might show, she was standing at the table, waiting. I was : very thankful to seo that thero was no trace in her eyes now of the steadfast -.eager- gaze . which had^disconcerted . me on the night be fore, nothing but the limpest indifference to me in the way in which tibe held out her. band when her husband introduced me. ' : :V8her must have been pretty ten years ago,' I thought, as I looked ai her thin face, with the fair faded complexion and dull gray eyes: There was a gentleness, about her which would hsve been grace still, if she had taken any pains to set off by a little womanly! coquetry her slim girl-like figure, small,; thin hands, and the masses of long! brown hair which were carelessly and: unbecomingly dragged away from her fore head and twisted up on her head. . ? ; Then the door opened,: and the servants came into prayers, with the elfish baby and a-: pretty delicate-looking child, blue eyes and fair ? ? haired, . who was presented' to me before breakfast as Haidse, my pupil. Nobody talked during the meal but Mr. Bayner, end the only other noticeable - thing was the improper behaviour of the baby, who kept throwing bits of bread at her father when he was not looking, and aimed a blow with .a spoon at him- when be passed her ohair -to oat himself some cold meat. . He saw it and laughed at her. , 'It is a most extraordinary thing, Miss Christie,' said he ; bat that child hates me.' * I thought he spoke in 'un ; bat before I had been long at the Alders, I found that it was true that this most unpleanant baby's strongest feeling was dislike of her father, though there seemed to be no reason for it, since he never did anything harsher than laugh at her. She would not even take sweets from his hand. ' You do not yet know whet primitive people you have come among, Miss Christie,' ?aid Mr. Bayner during breakast. We dine here at hslf- psst one. If we were to suggest late dinner., we should have to prepare our own food, like excommunicated persons. It ia hard as it is to keep our modest staff of , three servants. They say the place is damp, which, being interpreted, means that it is too far ,for, their 'young man ' in tbo town to come and see them. Were you not surprised at the wording of my advertisement.' .^ Yes, Mr. Rayner.' ' My wife was afraid that it would frighten ofi many desirable young ladies by its ogerish abrubtnpi8. The fact ie, the lady who has ju8V;left,us, quite a typical -inatruotreis of forty, with prominent teeth and glasses, nearly frightened our lives oat. She wouldn't talk,- and my wife wants a aheerful companion ; and she said she was dying of rheumatism, and threatened to prosecute me for decoying her to suoh a damp place. So we registered a solemn vow that we would have nothing to do with hoar antiquity again.' ' How could she say any thing against such ? lovely place 1' said I. - ? . «j .- - 1 Well, now, Mils Christie, I grant the had a show of reason on her side. ,? I some times thought . the plaoe damp .myself ; butt my wife has got attaohed to.it j- haven't you, Lola.' ? ' Yes,* she said, without a sign of feeling or interest. : ? i . ?? (- -c i' And so we remain,' he went on. ' A lady's wishes must be considered, and there are special reasons why they should be in this case. You must know, Miss Christie; that I am a penniless - wretch, dependent on my wife ; am I not, Lola.'; He turned play fully to her. 'Mot quite that,' said she gently, but with no more warmth: than ?before. . ? -.. ': ' .- 'Practioally I am,' he persisted. .'She was an heiress, I a rained spendthrift, when ?he married me. Yet she trusted . me ; and the only oondition she would allow her. Iriemis to make was that I should settle in the country— out of the reaou of temptation, you: see. Miss Christie.' He spoke with some feeling and looked affectionately at his wife at the end of this unexpectedly frank confession ; bat she re mained as impassive as ever. I could not help feeling' rather sorry for Mr. Rayner. He was always' kind and attentive to his wife : but, whether he was in. a i bright mood, and tried tr--make her ?mile, or silent, and needing to be roused out of his gravity, she wa« always the same, limp, nerveless, apathetic, speaking when necessary ia a low soft voice with many pauses. She had a habit of letting the. last words of a sentence die awaj upon her lips, and then, after a few moments, as if by an effort, she would say them aloud I soon grew quite afraid of her, started if I met her unexpect edly, and felt more restrained in her presence than if she had been one of those brilliant satirical women who take the colour oat of the rest of their sex. Anxious to. shake off this strange- diffidence, which- was beginning to cast a shadow over my life, I offered i to read to her when my short hours of study with my pupil were over. ; : i ? She accepted my offer, and -I went into the drawing-room.that. very afternoon and rend her'aome ohaptera of Adam itefo/while she ?at jn a ro,o-ing-ohair, with a. piece of embroU dery making slow progress ia the 'thin white fingers. I. stopped at the end of each chapter waiting for the comment which never oame, and rather hoping for some little compliment upon my reading, an accomplishment I took pride in. But ste onlyAisaid ' Thonk you ' very gently, and, when I. asked her if I should go on, ' Yes, if it will not tire-you,' - Presently I found out that she was not listening, except for a few minutes at a time, but that she was sitting with her hands in her lap listlessly playing with her embroidery, while her eyes were fixed on the garden out side, with a deep sadness in them whioh contrasted strangely with her usual apathetic indifference to all things. Still I read, pre tendiog not to notice her mood, until suoh a heavy, despairing sigh broke from her pal* lips that my heart beat fast for pity, and I involuntarily; stopped short in my readiujr, and raised- -my eyes, with tears in them to hers. She started, and turning towards; me, ?eomed to hold my eyes for a moment fixed on^tKrs- by the facination of a gue .which' seemoii anxious to penetrate to the deepest: recesses of my thoughts. A little colour oame to ber cheeks ; I oould-see her breast heaving the ought the muslin gown she wore ; she half stretched out one hand toward ? . me, «nd in another moment I believe' she would have called me to her side, when a voice from behind startled as both. Mr. Rayner bad entered the room so softly that we had not heard him. \- You look tired, my dearest Lola,' said he gently ; ' you had better:gaand lie down] for a little while.' ' ' ' ' ' '' '' ~ ' ' At the sound of her husband's voice Mrs. Rayner had shrunk back into her usual statuesque self, like a sensitive plant touched by rough fingers — so quickly tod that for a moment I almost ' thought, as I glanced at the placid expressionless, face, that- 1 must have imagined the look of despair and the gesture of invitation. I timidly offered to read her to sleep, but she declined at once, almost abruptly for 'her, and with some conventional thanks for my trou ble, took the 'arm ~ her busbaud held out, thanked i : him as he ? carefully wrapped found her' a little shawl that she generally wore, and left the room with him. After that, her reserve towards- me was greater than ever ; she seemed reluctant to accept the smallest service of common courtesy at my hands, and refused. my offers to read. to her again, under the plea that it was wasting my time,: as she -was hardly well enough' to listen with full attention; I was hurt as well as puzzled by this ; and, being- too young and timid to make any further advances, the distance, between nae and : the silent sad lady: grewigreater than ever. » ? —?'??'? - — An. attempt that Mr. Rayner msde two., days after the .above.. . scene ,. to draw us -together only -sent us farther apart. He came intoj the schoolroom 'just as Haidee and I were finishing the. day's lessons, and, after- a- few playful- questions about her studies, dismissed her into the garden.: ? ? 4 The child is very like her mother in the face-; don't- you think so?' said he. 'But I am -afraid she willlhover have her -mother's strength of intellect*. I see you cannot help looking!; surprised, Miss Christie. My wife does not give herself the airs of a clever woman. But you would not have doubted it if yon had known her five years aga.' ? [To be continued.] 