-Footscray v Williamstown. Quarter-time-Footscray; 2 'goals;, Wil liamstown, 2 goals. Hall-time-Williamstown, 5 goals 4. be hinds; Footscray, 2 goals I behind. Three-quarter time-Footscray, 6 goals 2 behinds; Williamstown, 5 goals 4 behinds. Final Result-Footscray, 7 goals 4 behinds; Williamstown, 6 goals 6 behinds. Goal-kickers : Footscray-Chadwick (2), Pender (2); T. Stranger, Walsh and. Moly neaux. Williamstown-Gibbs, Sheehan (3). Kenny and Fribbs. Footscray occupy seventh 'position on. the premiership list, having won six games and lost nine, the points scored being twenty four. heads t Grace (Fitzroy) headslthe lis 1 o goal kickers with 37 and Thurgood (Essendon) 33. For Footscray- Powell. has scored 8 and Chadwick and Pender 7 each. . For the Stars and Stripes Cigarette trophy for the club which scores the fewest behinds in proportion to goals, Melbourne leads with 97 goals and IIrrI behinds. Footscray are third from the bottom of the list with 56 goals and ro6 behinds; Footscray play St Kilda to-day on the ground of the former, Western Reserve, and a good gamse should result. If "Our Boys" play as they have done iti their last four matches, the popular trl-colors will be in the ascendant at. the termination of the match. Therefore . rally up 'Scray, play together, secure another victory, and gain additional honors. " Observer" in the Argus says-No match on Saturday was quite so keenly fought as that between Footscray and Williamstown, who, being near neighbors, wished, like near neighhbours, to annihilate each other, though not in a way that gave the umpire any serious trouble.. The game was the best, it is said, ever played at. Williamstown, and Trait declares that the high marking and kicking was some of the best he has seen this season. Thegame was won by Footscray in the third quarter, when they got four goals, and never gave the home twenty the ghost of a chance. It was probably their.slightly superior strength in the ruck that gave Footscray the game, for in other parts of the field there was nothing to choose between them. In the beaten team, Dyson's kicking was something marvellous, and Shanahan in the centre must be admitted the star of centre men as far as the second division clubs, at any rate, are concerned. Kenny round about the goal played a fine serviceable game, and whatever he did was always to" his side's advantage. The best man for the yellow and blue was, however, Sheehan, who acted as "rover," M'Cubbin, through accident, being unable to take his usual prominent part in the game; and next to Sheehan, Griffen was about the best man on the side. Ward, . Grundin-who had to meet a good man in Mood-Murray, "Jasper" Jones, Brownfield, and little Page, who is only 75st. weight, all helped to main tain Williamstown's credit in a spirited game. It was a treat to see Fribbs handle the ball in the early part of the game, but he worked so hard then that he was fairly played out by half. time. Footscray have re-arranged their positions with advantage. Powell playing back is a far better man than he was forward, and the vacancy there has been very thoroughly I supplied by Chadwick, whosesplendid kicking in this match was nearly if not quite equal. to Dyson's, and he is a player who in all respects plays thorough football. Footscray, indeed, have been very lucky to get so good a man. Footscray's defence was a rattling good one, for in addition to - Powell, Kirkpatrick, Hawkins, and Coward did some valuable work there, though the last-named was scarcely ever at his best. Their centre line, too; was re markably good, for R. Dick not only played well, but kept his team going all through, and his flankers, Itood and Molyneaux, lelt no weak spot on the line, but Molyneaux was really seen at his best when roving. Morgan sasmhuch in evidence forward in the last half, but Footscray in that part of the field still lack judgment and discretion. Their rtck, as already said, was tip-top, Tom Stranger being their hardest' worker there, but he was well supported by Nicholls, Lemon and Walsh; while Pender not only did follower's work in his own thorough way, but kicked a couple of goals as well. "" Fiee Kick" in the 'Sportsman writes There was great excitement at .Williamstown over the second meeting of the local team and 'their hieighbours from - the Saltwiter River. "The" first game had resulted in a narrow win for the 'Town, and party feeling ran high over the second match. The umpire committee, knowing this, sent Trait down to umpire, and it is satisfactory to know that be gave satisfac tion both to victors and vanquished, 'aid that, though the excitement was intense all' through the game, none of the players gave the umpire any occasion for reporting them. Critics who saw the game are agreed that, it was the finest ever played at- Williamstown; the high mark ing and long kicking of the majority of both teams being superb. .In this .department four men stood out above all others, viz.. Dyson, Chadwick, Sheahan, and 'Pender, the two .former particularly for their kicking, and-.the two latter for their high marking and kicking. Dyson's kicking off was of greatservice to' his side; while. Chadwick's kicking for. goal was equally, if not more serviceable for Footscray. Sheahan and Pender divide the honor of being the: pick' of the forty, the cleverness and brilliancy of both fairly rousing the large crowd ,which. had assembled to see the match. Till half-time'it looked as if the 'Town were going to have an easy victory, but in the third quarter the visitors made things so warm that the locals had not the ghost of a chance, and had to remtiin stationary while four goals were registered against them. The last quarter was very' level,. each side getting a goal and two behinds, and the game thus ended in a win for Footscray by one goal. tIn addition to Sheahan and Dyson, the most noticeable men on the Williamstown side were Grunden, Shanahan, Murray, Jones, Kenny, Griffin,, Brownfield, and Page. Fribbs was very much in evidence till half-time, but after I that was not very prominent, nor was M'Cubbin in his usual good form. On the Footscray side Powell and Kirk patrick wele in great form among the backs. SDick was ubiquitous about the cenlre, and Molyneaux, when roving was very hard to beat. Morgan, especially in the last half, was one of the best men on the ground, and T. Stranger wasn as usual the hardest-workeri.ie the ruck. Niholls, Walh;, and Lemon were ialso in the B fi' t'figb, ' - .. -7 ' 