CO-OPERATION AMONG FRUITGROWERS. There are those who adopt the cynical view that mankind is to be divided into two classes — the over-cautious and the over-sanguine. How far this is correct as a general proposition it is not neces sary now to discuss, but of its accuracy as applied to people who take an interest in the enterprise of opening up new markets for exportable commodities there can be no doubt. Among producers, manufacturers, and com mercial men there are represented both the bilious and tbe sanguine temperament— the former always taking the gloomiest possible view of future prospects, and especially of any proposed new departure, while the latter sees with the utmost confidence good re sults from new undertakings, and perhaps occasionally makes too light of difficulties which undoubtedly do exist. The prospects of fruitgrowing in South Australia are looked upon by opposing parties in these two different ways, even as the result of wheat ex portation to Graat Britian was viewed some thirty years ago, and the result to the bystander who attempts to re concile their reports is not a little bewildering. The despondent side of the question is placed before our readers by a writer who signs himself 'Fruitgrower,' while a portion of the other view is summed up by Mr. H. D. Gell in the lecture which he delivered on Friday before the Chamber of Manu factures. 'Fruitgrower,' it must be admitted, takes a most lugubrious view of the whole situation. Cauliflowers selling at the time he wrote ab 3d. and 4d. per dozen testify to the evil of glutted markets due to the existence of the blockers. Trial shipments made with the objecfc of testing an export trade have resulted in a loss. The proposed wine depot will do no good to the growers of grapes and the gardeners only want to be let alone, for the present, at any rate, be cause they know well enough what to do with their produce. These are some of the contentions and statements put forward by our cor respondent. It is easy to see that his only idea of regulating or maintaining prices is to limit the supply. But there are two ways in which prices may be kept at a fairly remunerative rate ; the one is to strictly discourage any increase in production, and the other Is to extend our markets. If the people of South Australia had always acted solely upon the former principle settlement would have re mained to this day limited to a mere handful of persons, and none of our great exporting industries would have been in operation. The object aimed at by the Fruit growers' Committee of the Chamber o* Manufactures in the extension of our markets for fruit is quite consistent with maintaining a good price for all our produce. In this respect it is at least as sound a policy as that of limiting the supply. From a national point of view it is infinitely preferable, for it provides for an increase of trade and population. It means the building up of a new national stapleand exporting industry. Itmeans, in short, that South Australia is to go ahead and not to stagnate. The Chamber of Manufactuies at the close of last April passed a resolution in favour of coopera tion among fruitgrowers for their mutual advantage, and of holding meetings in various localities to admit of explanations being given as to the advantages of united action. It is in pursuance of this policy that Friday's lecture was given. The advantages of co-operation have been admirably illustrated in the system adopted for the disposal of milk and other dairy produce in many locali ties, both in Victoria and in South Australia. In California the same beneficial effects have followed from united action on the part of fruit growers. The adoption of standard methods of pruning for quality ; of eradicating disease ; of grading and packing fruit ; of drying or packing and canning for export, and of varying the supply in accordance with latest news of the markets, would simply revolutionize the fruit industry of South Australia. This fact has been very strongly brought out in the articles which we have published on 'The Toilers of the Hills. ' The establishment of a cool depot in Adelaide at which fruit might be stored while awaiting shipment by inter colonial or foreign boats is an idea which was mooted by Mr. Grayson when he was Commissioner of Public Works, and tho suggestion seems an excellent one. Such a place, however, could only be bo« cured by the united action of the fruit growers principally concerned. Probably the most practical form which co-operation could take would be that indicated by Mr. Gell in his proposal for a Limited Liability Company. But if this sugges tion be carried out it will be very necessary to attend to the warning of Mr. Thomas Hardy, and select a Manager solely on the grounds of competency and business capacity. To obtain better terms from (shippers will also be a task demanding determined and united effort on the part of the trade generally. At the recent Brisbane Conference it was wisely decided to recommend to the Go vernments of the various colonies to provide for the continuance of cool storage on board the mail steamers by having a clause to ensure that objecb inserted in the next ocean mail contracts. It is all very well to ridicule the firsb experimental attempts that have been made in the way of exportation of fruit from South Australia, and to point oufa that they have not proved remunerative. No doubt they have not, and no one expected that they would. If a farmer were to take it into his head to send five bushels of wheat to a correspondent in England probably he would find that tho expenses would swallow up the value of the article, and a good many of Buch unprofitable trial shipments were made in the infancy of wheat exportation. The fifteen cases which were sent by the Orient to tho Agent - General arrived in good condition, with the exception that some of the apples were unsaleable owing to having been too ripe and insufficiently graded. While this tentative experi ment was going forward the Bame vessel took from the other colonies, chiefly Tasmania, no less than 14,000 caseH of fruit. A Syndicate is now being formed in London to establish a regular line of steamers between London and Sydney specially for the trade in meat and fruit. Do these facts show that all who have tried the trade on a fairJy large scale have found ic to be a hopeless failure 1 Surely what others can do we can do. Nay, more ; we ought to be able to better the example of other colonies, for South Australia possesses undoubtedly the besb climate for the production of those fruits which would be most prized in England while out of season. We have not referred to the benefits of co-operation in regard to the local trade and the regulation of supply and demand in tho city. These are too obvious to call for special notice. What we wish again to emphasize iB the fact that it is to outside markets that we must look for the absorption of tho produce of our orchards and vineyards. The trees already planted will ensure a large increase in the future production of fruit, and it is too lato in the day to grumble at the policy which induced fresh planting. Nor is there any need for despondency as to the ultimate result of enterprise in this direction. Every day freah evidence is afforded of the practi cally unlimited extent of the demand for certain of our fraits in tho markets of the oldVorld. In order to command these markets, however, it is essential that a regular supply shall be kept up, and that the article Bent shall always ba of the best quality and in proper condi. tion for export. It is hopeleaa to expect that all these conditions will be duly observed under a system of isolated ship ments by individual growers. There must be associated effort, not only to ensure uniformity, but also to reduce expenses to the minimum, and coopera tion properly carried out offers the most facile and promising means of accom plishing what is required. A NOTEWORTHY MASONIC CEREMONIAL. — One of the most conservative institu tions in South Australia is ' the Antient Fraternity of Free and Accepted Masons.' So far as its constitution and its foundation principles are concerned this eminent body is to-day pretty much where it was in times of which no trust worthy records have been preserved. Its pride is in its conservatism. Its most solicitous care is to discourage any and every innovation which might endanger its basis. Its methods, however, it has frequently adapted to the tendencies of the times. Since the South Australian Grand Lodge was established in Adelaide on April 17, 1884, under the control of the Chief Justice, it has progressed in many directions. Its rigid adherence to the essential principles of the Craft has not been more noticeable than its readiness to adopt special means of increasing its internal attractiveness and its general influence. And as the local Grand Lodge' is the parent body in Australasia, the effect of its forward policy has been felt far beyond its immediate jurisdiction. What Adelaide has pioneered has in some cases been copied in the eastern colonies, and thus a general benefit has been secured for Freemasonry in the Southern Hemisphere. Since the inauguration of the Grand Lodge, more than nine years ago, the most remark able event in its history has been the installation of Lord Kintore in the Grand Master's chair, with impressive ceremonial, in October, 1889. The next in importance, though not to be accorded an intercolonial character like the other, will be witnessed to-day. The occasion is the first united installation of Wor shipful Masters of the " Blue' Lodges in South Australia ; and it represents a very sensible departure from conservative custom. It is a time, and labour, and money, and digestion saving improvement. Under the old system, which even now has not been entirely overcome, it would have required eight nights, eight ceremonies, and eight Masonic suppers to have placed these eight Masters who are to be installed to-night in King Solo mon's Chair, and to have celebrated in due form their attainment to their sub lime honours. This latest innovation, therefore, will enable Brother A. M. Simpson, as Deputy Grand Master and Installing Officer, to do eight men's work at once, and the general economy which the change represents is alto gether commendable. During the early winter months any man holding pro minent Masonic office has hitherto had to attend Lodge after Lodge night after night to witness the selfsame ceremony until the mono tony of the thing has absolutely palled upon him. Even the beautiful ritual used in such celebrations be comes wearkome with constant repeti tion, and the sufferings subsequently imposed upon the victim at the supper table have not tended to lessen the terrors of that final and severest ordeal of all, the lectures of an irate spouse — upon ' the beauties of Freemasonry,' with em phasis upon the ' beauties' — at the hour when ghosts do peregrinate. Now all that will be altered, and not the leasb sub stantial advantage secured will be the de creased unpopularity of the Craft amongst female South Australia. The greatest gain, of course, will bo the better oppor tunity given for reunion amongst the members of the various Lodges. A special extrinsic interest will be attached to to-day's ceremonial owing to its being probably the last important one in which Lord Kintore, as Grand Master, will take part in South Aus tralia. Before the close of the pre sent Masonic year the Grand Lodge will have to choose another chief, and if it should be only as fortunate in its future selections as it has been thus far it will be fortunate indeed. The Chief Justice worked the Lodge in a short time into a status to which similar bodies in the other colonies have not attained even yet. When he resigned his chair to Lord Kintore ha was succeeded by the most distinguished Mason in the Southern Hemisphere — one in whose family Freemasonry had been an honoured tradition during many generations. A progenitor of His Excellency was Grand Master under the Scotch Constitution as far back as the year 1738, and the descendant has far surpassed his ancient forbears in Craft distinctions. The mere insignia of his Masonic rank make a literally dazzling display, and his exalted official position — though all men are equal in Masonry — will be deemed to give a special feature to one of the most significant ceremonials marking the annals of Masonry since its inauguration in South Australia in 1838. College Football.— The annual foot ball contests between St. Fetor's and Prince Alfred Colleges invariably excite a great deal of interest among the public, and that of this year has proved no excep tion to the rule. The postponement of the match from last Thursday owing to the wet weather, instead of damping the ardour of enthusiastic partisans only seemed to add fresh fuel to it. The streets have for days been gay with streamers of blue-and- white or of redand white, while boys and girls have vied with one another in converting them selves into walking advertisements of the momentous event. There has been plenty of time for the indulgence of the spirit of boasting, and the merits and de merits of the rival teams have been duly canvassed. The ordeal of battle is now over, and the result ia that the 'Princes' have gained seven goals to the one solitary success scored by the 'Saints.' Per haps, allegorically speaking, it may be urged on behalf of one side that it has beeneverthus. 'Princes' have often been verymuch in evidence when 'Saints' have had to take a back seat. The annual matches in England between Eton and Harrow, and the great boatraces between Oxford and Cambridge present ex treme cases of the same sort of excitement which springs up every year in connection with our local College athletic contests. Probablynot one in fifty of the people who so enthusiasti cally ' barrack' for one side or another really knows much aboui the merits of the team for which he is ready to shout himself hoarse. The fact that one Bcore of boys are receiving education at one College while another score have been sitting in classes a few hundred yards away would certainly seem to give no very valid reason lor preferring in the football field tho prowess of one team above that of another. But all men have a natural lovefor takingsides.andboyscatch the faver worse than their seniors do. The man who complained that in his township the people were so well agreed about everything that there was nothing to take sides on and make the place a bit lively, had a good deal ot human nature about him. In any boys' College it is often the merest acci dent wbich decides whether the upper classes contain a few boys who are expsrt at football, cricke't, or rowing. The same in some cases may be said of more serious subjects of study ; but it has often been remarked that a school by pre paring its pupils at a comparatively early age for examinations or the battle of life, may by that very success send away its biggest boys and put itself out of the running in regard to the sporting contests. Yet of course the numbers concerned in a football match are not sufficiently largo to enable one to fairly draw any conclu Bion upon Buch a question. The prefe rence in most cases is entirely one of sentiment. In this particular contest the St. Peters' boys were certainly overweighted, and although they made a gallant stand the fortunes of war were against them from the first. Even tho one goal which they kicked did not come until near the close of the game. It was, howover, a salve to their wounded feelings, and must have been very wel come to their partisans, whose fore casts had proved to be so persistently bad. For downright partisanship nobody can beat a schoolboy, yet it was noticeable that there was an absence of any of that approach to mild rowdyism, which, on one or two past occasions was exhibited by some of the boys. The senseless dragging of the other side's colours in the mud and tramping on them did not disturb the somewhat noisy harmony of the proceed ings. The match was won on its merits, and we can only say that for the sake of maintaining the interest in the series of games we hope the St. Peters' boys will be more successful another time. Meanwhile they have the satis faction of knowing that they have the best record for rowing, and that in some other athletic pastimes they have shown themselves well able to hold their own against their formidable rivals. Queer's Accession Day. — Today the fifty-sixth anniversary will be celebrated of Her Majesty's accession to the Throne of Great Britain and Ireland and the depen dencies thereof. Although the holiday cornea in the middle of a wet winter there ia no dearth of amusement. Many, no doubt, if the day is fine, will be tempted to a pleasant jaunb to the picturesque nooks and shady glenB in the hills, but for those who care not to luxuriate with bountiful Nature there are a variety of entertainments to beguile- a brief period of recuperation. At Morphettville the S.A.J.C. Winter Meeting will take place. Still another ohoice item for the equestrian is the morning meeting of the Hunt Club at Elder, Smith, & Co. 'a farm. Football followers have three matches, chief of which ia that greab contest— the holiday matoh between Fort Adelaide .and Norwood, which comes off on the Adelaide Oval in the afternoon. This morning tbe North Adelaides and Adelaides meet on the metropo litan ground, while at Kensington tbe em ployes of Messrs. J. Martin & Co. and Messrs. J. Marshall & Co. fight their annual battle. Our defenders will be engaged from morn till eve. Early in the day with due ceremony the Governor openH the new parade ground on the banks of the Torrens, while in the after noon the troop3 parade at Montefiore Hill, where they are to be reviewed. Several Churches take advantage of the day to have anniversary services like wise the Southern Star and Victoria Tents of thel.O.R., who meet in thoRechabite Hall. Then that growing organization, the Christian Endeavour Societies' Union, gather in one big convention, the feature being a mass meeting in the Adelaide Town Hall at night. Even the Masons have an installation. In the evening the Opera Company open their season with 'The Mountebanks;' while Messrs. Gourlay, Walton, and Shine will repeat their farcical operatic piece, 'The Brook,' at the Bijou Theatre. Viceregal.— His Excellency the Governor haa to take part in three public functions to* day. In the morning he will attend the review, in tbe afternoon lend his patronage to the races, and ia the evening be ati the Maeomo installation in the Viotoria Hall. The end of this week will be spent in the country. On Thursday a viceregal party will leave for Gladstone and will remain in the dis trict) until Monday next, June 26. Assimilating a Pouor.— At half-past 10 on Monday morning there began in the Cabinet room, Chief Secretary's Office, the process of assimilating the divergent views of the mem bers of the Kingston-Holder Cabinet. 411 the Ministers were present to discuss their policy. They sat all day, and intend to do so almost every day until they meet Parliament) with their policy on June 27. If necessary they will meet in the evenings. The Review. — The troops will parade thia morning at 9 o'clock in review order, and ad 9.35 the new parade ground between the Government Domain' and the Torrena Lake will be officially handed over to the head of the Defence Department by the Commissioner of Public Works, after which the troops will be marched down to Montefiore Hill ready to receive His Excellency the Governor at 11 o'clock. Masonic Festival.— This afternoon there will be a grand united Masonio ceremony in the Victoria Hall, Gawler-place, in connection with the installation and investiture of masters and officers of eight city and suburban Freemason Lodges. In the evening a banquet will be held in the Albert Hall, and His Ex cellency the Governor, who is Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of South AuBtralia, will preside, Mail News— The mails for the United Kingdom dispatched from Adelaide per R.M.S. Orotava on May 17 arrived in London during the night of June 17. The S.S. Meeinderbt.— Owing to the bois terous weather which has been experienced at sea during the last few days the s.s. Meein derry, wish somo 300 Bheep on board, was obliged to seek shelter at the Neptunes, which will unavoidably furthor delay her departure for the West Coast until noon on Wednesday. The Main Roads op the Colont.— Reoent heavy rains have played havoo with roads of South Australia, particularly in the Northern Districts. Mr. C. T. Hargrave, the Inspector-General of Roads, is now in the North inspecting damaged roads. It will not, however, affect the finances of the current year, as the main-road vote has leng been spent. Already special grants have been promised to come out of next vote to repair recent damageB, and many more claims are under consideration by the Treasurer, and the bill of damages when totalled upislikelytobe a heavy one. The administration of the main roads ia generally carried out by the Commissioner of Crown Lands, but it has been tho custom for the Hon. T. Playford when m office as Treasurer to take over the duties. He has done bo on this occasion, and it is a curious coincidence that when he was Treasurer in 18S9 he had to face a very similar state of affairs to that which confronts him now— the effect of floods on main roads. Lant session when the Estimates had to be cud down the main-road vote of £100,000 was one of the first lines to which the pruning-kmfe was applied, and after considerable discussion it was left at £70,000. In view of recent damages the Treasurer will probably have claims for con siderably more than the saving. Work for Unemployed Women.— At a recenc meeting of the executive to find work for the unemployed of the city Mr. Wood, M.P., suggested that something should be done to aasiBt also a great number of widows and other women who earn their living by doing various kind3 of needlework, and who, owing to the great depression, are in as bad if not worse state than that of the men whom the committee are eager to assist. The matter was discussed, and His Worship the Mayor (Mr. C. Willcox) thought it advis able that anything that was done should be apart from the present committee, and suggested that a meeting of the ladies of the Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society, the Sick Poor Fund, and the Trades and Labour Council should be held to see if anything could be done to find work and to give assistance to tho most deserving, and to help them tide over the worst parti of the winter. Mr. Hourigan, M.P. (of the Trades and Labour Council), and Mr. G. C. Knight (of the Unemployed Committee) have the matter in hand, and are convening a meeting for Friday next in the Mayor's Parlour, due notice of which will bo advertised. Mrs. Mary Lee has been asked to take part in the pro ceedings, and it is hoped that some good will result from the conference, so that the needy women of the city may be helped as well as the men. Steamer Kaeaweera Ageocsd. — The steamer Karnweera grounded in the Port River, near the Quarantine Station, on Mon day morning as she was steaming from the wharf. She had arrived at the wharf, and had been ordered on to Port Pirie. In order to remove the vessel from the bank lighterage of a portion of the cargo was found necessary, and during the day about 100 tons of coal was transhipped. This being done the afternoon tide was sufficient to float her, and at 5.30 the Karaweera was able to resume the voyage. No damage resulted from tbe stranding. The Hon. W. Coplet, M.L.C.— The Hon. W. Copley, M.L.C., ex-Chief Secretary, in tendB to leavp Adelaide on Thursday by the express on a visit to New South Wales and Queensland. His special object is to carefully observe the condition of the pastoral industry in those colonies and the effect of the land legislation upon it. His search for information will take him as far west as Char)eville in Queensland and Bourke in New South Wales, and he will also zigzag the country in various directions. He expects to be absent about a month. Zoological Gardens. — Afc Carnivora House, on June 18, the anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo and the Register, the wife of Leo Felis, jun., of twins, or triplets, number not known at present; also at the Zoological Gardens, the wife of A. Zebu, of India, of calf. Respecting the above, the second lioness who haa given birth to cubs is in such a state of 'nerves' that it is deemed inadvisable on the part of the Director of the Zoological Gardens to make the usual polite enquiries at present). It is a curious fact that the leopards, who are credited with being the most untrustworthy and treacherous of the carnivora, appear to be less touchy about atten tion to their offspring. A Trade Matter.— With regard to a re ported difference between the Shipwrights' Society and the Adelaide Steamship Company, we are assured on both sides that no trouble is expected to arise in the trade atPort Adelaide. The Company is doing some work which the shipwrights having the refusal of found them selves by Society rules unable to undertake under 1b. 4d. per hour, but whioh the Company is able to carry out by general hands at Is. per hour. The Company could not have done the work by paying the usual rate of wages, and the situation waa fairly appreciated by the shipwrights. Bimetallic League of South Australia.— At a meeting of the members of this League held on Monday night Mr. D. Murray occupied the chair. Sundry correspondence was dealt with, and a code of rules similar to those in Victoria was adopted. The following officers were appointed : — President, Mr. D. Murray; Hon. Secretaries, Messrs. J. B. Spence (finance), G. Fowler, Stewart, and W. Sandover (corresponding) ; Council, Messrs. D. Murray, J. B. Spence, W. B. Rounsevell, J. L. Bonython, F. W. Holder, G. Thomson, G. F. Stewart, T. Hack, R. Smith, H. W. Varley, J. C. Genders, G. P. Doolette, E. Clement, and J. Duncan. It was decided to hold meetings of the Council on the first Monday in each month. Australian* Natives' Association. — There was a fair attendance of members of this Association at the half-yearly meeting held at Beach's Rooms on Monday flvening. The President (Mr. A. R. B. Lucas) was in the ohair. The election of officers for the ensuing half-year resulted as follows :— President, Mr. Edward Davies ; Vice-President, Mr. W. P. Auld; Secretary, Mr. W. Brindle; Assistant Secretary, Mr. W. G. Gooch; Treasurer, Mr. George Quinn; Committee, Messrs. W. G. Auld, F. Burmeister, G. E. Kreusler, A. Melrose, and P. von Bertouch; Auditors, Messrs. A. R. S. Craig and G. E. Kreusler. Mr. H. L. Jackman was elected to membership. Mr. A. R. B. Luoas, in his address as retiring President, gave a r&umd; of the Association's work during the past six months. He urged members to take a continued and inoreased interest in the true objects of their Association. Non-commissioned Officers' Club.— His Excellency the Governor has notified through the Acting Commandant his intention to present the Non-commissioned Officers' Club with the sum of £25 for the purohase of a trophy to be competed for during the year. His Excellenoy's present is much appreciated, and will oauae very keen competition for its possession. The first) firing will take place at an early date. The Condemned Criminal. — ' Aristar chus,' writing in tbe Kadina limes as to the condemned man Page, remarks: — 'Being on a visit to the Fort Lincoln district some two or three years ago I chanced to meet him. He seemed then a man of decidedly weak intel lect, and appeared to suffer from that peculiar balf- witedneas known so well to our settlers in the far outlying districts as the results of weeks of destitute loneliness, with no companionship whatever, and where perhaps no white face would be seen fora month at a time. I found he bad been engaged on a far station, and his rough untutored description of his fearful loneliness was almost touching. There seems to be in his evidence a want of power to realize his position and no keenness of under standing, which would show a deadened in tellect and make it possible for him to commit a deed without being keenly alive to the nature of its consequences.' Floating Timber.— On Monday morning the Secretary of the Marine Board received the following telegram from Mr. F. Clarke, Sub-Collector at Port Augusta :—' Captain Investigator reports passing off Plank Point about 100 pieces of Oregon timber, about 10 by 10.' They will very likely be derelict timber from the Beaconsfield, which is ashore at Shoalwater Point. The Wadxaminga Golddiggers.— Mr. J. Copley, of the firm of Copley & Calcott, storekeepers, Wadnaminga, called at our office on Monday to show some alluvial gold wbich he was about to dispose of to the Bank of Adelaide. One magnificent parcel of 12 oz. he had bought within the last month from men who are working the alluvial ground on the Wadnaminga field. Another parcel of about 2 oz. included a nugget weighing 15 dwt. All the gold had been obtained within 10 ft. of the eurface. Mr. Copley said an impression prevailed that Wadnaminga had greatly benefited by the recent rains. The fact was that scarcely any rain had fallen there— not enough to start oreeks run ning — and all the dams, including the Govern ment dam, within a radius of eight miles were dry. The men on the gold field were greatly handicapped through the scarcity of water and the cost of carting it. Mr. Copley is strongly of opinion that the Go vernment would be acting wisely in assisting the bona-fide diggers who are there to remain on the field and push on the search for reefs. Experienced diggers, be say3, all Bpeak hope fully of the field, though they have as yet made very little out oi it. The Unemployed. — A meeting of the executive of the committee who are under taking to obtain work for the unemployed was held in the Mayor's Reception-room on Mon day afternoon. There were present the Mayor (Mr. C. Willcox) in the chair, Council lor J. Robertson (Secretary), Counoillor Smeaton, and Messrs. J. A. McPherson, M.P., F. J. Hourigan, M.P., R. Wood, M.P., H. Scotb, and G. C. Knight. The Secretary reported that he had £70 in hand as subscriptions ; that 200 yards of the 10,000 yards of limestone on the Park Lands had been raised ; and that the committee bad been instrumental in assisting 250 men, including the 170 engaged on the limestone. They had either assisted them to go to work or facilitated their transfer from the city to places where there were prospects of their finding employment. Mr. Knight reported thab Mr. Hourigan and himself had ascertained as the result of their enquiries that considerable distress existed amongst unemployed women in the oity and vicinity, and that they had arranged for a meeting of ladies to be held on Friday in the Mayor's Reception-room to consider what steps should be taken for their relief. Mr. Hourigan suggested a scheme by which a large number of the unemployed could be assisted. He pointed out that the people living in the vicinity of Henley Beach were subjected to great inconvenience owing to the overflow of the flood waters of the River Torrens. Tbe overflow resulted in muoh inconvenience to traffio ai well as injury to private property, and it had been suggested that tho water instead of being allowed to overflow in this way should be diverted into the Port) River. To do this a channel would have to be constructed. Mr. Hourigan will, with the aid of othor labour members, prose cute the matter further. Counoillor Robert son informB us that seven prospecting parties have been equipped by the committee. Nearly all of them are going Co the Angipena Goldfield. Thirteen men have been sent up the country on other work. Five additional prospecting parties are being got ready to leave probably during this week. Eaoh party as a rule comprises three men ; in some there are four men. Each man has been supplied with a fortnight's rations, and tents and tools have also been provided. Through the agency of the oommittee a rabbiting party will soon leave for the Murray Bridge and Tailem Bend country. Catalogue op South Australian Mine rals. — The Government Geologist (Mr. H. Y. L. Brown) has had printed a catalogue of South Australian minerals. It is only a pamphlet of thirty-four pages, but contained therein is a mass of information which should form a useful guide to prospectors and those who are looking out for mineral shows in which to invest spare capital. The whole of the minerals obtainable in South Australia are alphabetically arranged, and after each mineral is a list of the places in the colony where it is known to exist. The catalogue has been com piled from the records of the Crown Lauds Department and from publications of Govern ment officers and other scientists. Although Mr. Brown says the list may not be complete we doubt whether it could be much added to. Interesting and valuable features of the pamphlet are the pithy remarks on the mode of occurrence of some of the principal metals and ores. 'The Australian Moratorium.'— Under this heading Mr. Z. Ingold, formerly ac countant of the Bank of Australasia in Ade laide, but now a resident of Boston, England, writes as follows to the London Standard of May 6: — ' On Tuesday last you notified that the Bank of Australasia and tbe Union Bank of Australia had refused to shelter themselves under the special legislation of the Victorian Government, and opened their doora on Monday last in order to allay the panic caused by recent failures, and to show their determi nation to pay their notes and deposits on de mand. Will you permit me to state that this is not the first time that the Bank of Austral asia has adopted a similar spirited course against local special legislation for a temporary suspension of cash payments by bankers? Forty-one years ago theBurraBurra miners and others were returning home to South Australia from the Victoria goldfields with (generally) full bags of gold-dust. The large local Bank of South Australia, now defunct, could not produoe coin to meet the heavy demands made upon it. Aided by their numerous frisnds and shareholders in the Parliament, they quickly got an Act passed exempting for one year payment of banknotes on demand. The Bank of Australasia considered that this enact ment in no way released them from their obli gation to pay their notes on demand, and da clined to creep behind it, with the curious result that Bank of Australasia £l-notes were frequently sold outside at 2a. or 3s. premium — 22s. to 23s. each ; because, with the sove reign certain to be got from the Bank for it, the buyer could purchase good gold dust at 58s. per oz. for coin ; but with the inconver tible banknotes he could not obtain it at all. Of course, the Bank of Australasia, having paid off their legitimate circulation, could not reissue any notea, as by so doing they would merely be Supplying the other Banks with much-needed coin, and at a great cost sacri ficed their circulation. Shortly afterwards Mr. Babbage started an assay and rough smelting office, converting the gold dust into small lumps or ingots stamped with their quality or fineness. And a proper mint fol lowed quickly, supplying coin for their wants.' The Blue Ribbon Akm y. — The Port Adelaide Division Blue Ribbon Army met in the Sea men's Mission Rooms, Robe-street, on Friday evening, June 16. The President (Mr. E. Hounslow) ocoupied the chair. There was a large attendance, and Miss Hounslow pre sided at the organ. Mr. J. Williams led the ohoir. The President (Mr. T. W. Darton) and Mr. Prefttejohn, of H.M.S. Ringarooma, gave temperanoe addresses. Solos were sung by Misses Wright and Morphetb, and recita tions given by Mr. Prettejohn and Miss Hounalow. Four persons signed the pledge. Valuable Books.— On Wednesday the contents of a small but scholarly library of books, rare and valuable, will be offered for gale at the auction mart of JohnBon & Co., In dustrial Buildings. Altogether there are 300 on the list, covering a wide field of literature. There are some valuable works of early travel and exploration included, also books on ethnology and kindred subjects and a very complete collection of scientifio and theological works. Theosophical Society.— At a meeting of this Society on Monday eveninga paperon 'Re- incarnation' was read by the Secretary. The theme and the subsequent discussion embraced a wide field of ethics. It was pointed out that reincarnation, as taught in theosophy, has a double meaning. It ia the result of causes set going in past lives, and the present one also becomes the producer of weal or woe in a further earthlife, so as to really fulfil its object — the final evolution of perfected man. A Visiting Lecturer.— Dr. Thomas Porter, of Ballarat, will arrive by the Melbourne express this morning, having been invited to leoture in connection with the Y.M.C.A. on Thursday next on the subject, ' The House we Live in.' Dr. Porter is reported to be an able lecturer, and has made his subject very attractive. A large number of tickets have been applied for. Aborigines Friends' Association. — We have Deen asked to say that left-off clothing is greatly needed by th6 old natives, men and women, at Point Macleay. Copies of old illustrated papers for the cottages will be gratefully acknowledged. Messrs. McCulloch and Co., carriers, have promised to collect) and deliver free of charge. Southern Star and Victoria Tents. I.O.R. — The forty- fifth anniversary festival will be celebrated in the Rechabite Hall thia evening. Glenelg Railways.— The publio are re minded by advertisement) that there will be a special time-table on the Glenelg lines to-day. Knightsbuidge Baptist Church.— A wel come will be accorded the Rev. W. Jones this evening. Sick Poob Fund.— Letty, £1; Henry Scott, £5. 