A COLLECTION OF BUSH STOMESS Mr. John Arthur Barry is a well-known and popular contributor of short stories, chiefly illustrative of bush life, to several of the leading weekly newspapers of Australia. These he has collected into a very pleasant and readable volume, and has been fortunate to obtain from Mr. Rudyard Kipling the following stirring verses by way of introduction to his book : There dwells a Wins by the Northern March And a wealthy Wife's side. She breeds a breed of' roving' men And casts them) over sea. And some they drown in deep water, And some in sight of shore ; And word goes back to the calling Wife, And ever she sends more. For since that Wife had Kate or gear, Or health of earth or health, She says her sons to the wheat harvest, And Hutt is a bitter yield She wills her sons to the not ploughing To rule the horse or' tree. And BJ no her sons train home again Far sport from out the sea The (road we He's sons come home again We' little into their hands But they leave men that he' dealt wh' men in the now and asked lands But the faith of men that has' proven men fly more than willing breath, And the eyes of men that he' read of' men in the open books of' Death Rich are they, rich in wonders seen, But poor in the goods of' men. And what they had got by the skin of' their teeth The) sell for then south again A), whether they lose to the naked Ufo, Or win to their hearts' desire, They! tell it all to the carting Wife That nods beside the fire Her hearth is wide to every (mat That trams into detail fish spin Anti title by tide and 'try Ixl the tides IIcrtotuKOOut and in [Out In proal mirth that do desire Hazard of trackless ways. In wt' great state to wait their watch And warm before the Dart J And some return in broken sleep, And some in waidup;dream, For five hours the heat of' the dripping ghosts That rich tin horn? roof btain. Home-the come home from all Dioicas lift living and that Hoyts Theatres Vt ITt's smiH come home again For her blessing on their head. -He states Kintso a State crop is limited, and Other Stone II) John Arthur Harry ("1 12") With introductory versus Hyland and Kipling. Itcoilligton and Co Limited, London and Ryder;. 