icZ.r CI1AL j hv SýC'P I a9+1RFGFJ 1892 J. UQP'tCA C a AG M 16' riBrPq. CHAPTER I.-(Continue ). Three.'honis later, the moon being well up in the heavens now, and the whole parade shining revealed almost as bright as day, both the verandas andthe parlorof 'Hazlett's cozy home are thronged with officers and ladies, chat ting merrily together. The lights are still blazing in the barracks. The trum peters in fall. force are grouped abont the flagstaff sounding- the last notes of tattoo. The Holdens have borne Miss Guthrle away with them, that the ladies might stow their evening gowns in the waiting Saratogas and then don 'their traveling garb while the quartermaster's big wagad trundles the luggage downto the railway station. Presently this lum bering vehicle can, be seen slowly roll ing away from the Holdens' gate, and everybody at Hazlett's waits impatient ly for the return of the party. Mrs. Holden is deservedly a favorite in the garrison andNita Guthrie, as has been said, has won golden opinions. The evening air is growing chill, however, and of the dozen ladies' present only the younger, the girls, remain longer upon the veranda. E About this pretty group, laughingand abetting, are four or five of the younger officers, Brewster, "the swell of. the subs," keeping close to Winifred Ber rien, and claiming more and more of the glances of her big dark eyes. Down at the gate, the moonlight glinting on his polished saber, the officer of the day is exchanging a few low toned words with Miijor Berrien. Rolfe, who with silent and dogged resolution has taken his place at Mises Guthrie's side as she came down the stairs and escorted her to the doctor's, hiia turned from there and gone slowly across the parade to his own quarters on the other side. Everybody eemns ,to see and know what has hap peiied,and' many half whispered com mients are being made, not all in sym .athy with the willowed lover. Every i dy respects Rolfe, yet among the :unge-officers are several who feel no !armth of friendship for him, and, as itwees man and man, garrison girls :an only side with the youngsters. Their story of their slight differences is sometimes told again and again; the elders' seldom, for theirs would hardly be believed. Little by little the clhat and laughter subside. "'Oh, why doesn't she come back?' pouts Miss Berrien. "The ambulances will be here in less than half an hour, and we won't see anything of her." A chorus of girlish voices echoes Winifred's views. Mrs. Berrien' and Mrs. Parker at this moment come forth from the house and look expectantly up the road. :"How long they arel" says Winnie 'again. "Whatcan keep them, maminsa" "Packing, I doubt not, my child.'" "But the wagon's gone, trunks and all. It can't be that." "Still, I would not fret about it, Win nie. Has she not promised to come next spring and pay us a long visit?' "Yes, but who knows where we may all be next spring, or,what may happen meantime? Every paper we get is full of stories of the ghost dances among the Sioux, and if there should be another In dian war" "Nonsense, Winifredl Don't think of such a thing. After all this regiment has had to suffer in Indian battle, you don't suppose we, of all others, would be sent from here to a winter campaign in the northern department? We've seen the last of such troubles, God be thanked!" : Major Berrien, his interview with the officer of the day ended, has just started 'to rejoin the group on theveranda when he hears his wife's pioni words. He .whirls around sharply. ". "Oh, captain, there's one thing I fr? got to tell you." And the saber of the officer of the day clanks against his' leg as Captain Porter' faces about. -'The younger officers go on with their blithe chat; but Mrs. Berrien has known her lord. twenty, long years, and no sooner has the officer of the day departed than she hastens to join him. .. "Dick," she falters, "surely you do not believe that there is any chance of the Twelfth going, even if there should be trouble? Dick, tell me." \- "Berengaria. beloved inquisitor," he begins, "I didn't even know there was a row anywhere." - But she rebukes him byasingle glance. "Tell me, Dick," she persists, and clings to his arm.' "Yon don't think, after, all we've been through,.that, now thatwe are so happily settled here, there is a possibility of. such a thing? It isn't only for myself now. It's-it would mean more to Winifred than either of us dreams of." He looks at her in silence and amaze. Then--then comes sudden distraction. On 'the stillness of night' there rises a scream of terror-a woman's voice- up lifted in the expression of an awful shook and agony. Then a dash toward Holden's quarters,. every man joininr. "-my moor" snout aerren, "I'ts rsas Guthrie." Following the rush of soldiers' feet, half a dozen ladles, too, have hastened, Winifred Berrien foremost of the lot. At the head of the stairs, on the landing of the second floor, dressed for her jour ney, lies the fair guest of the regiment, a senseless heap, with the blood flowing from underneath her pallid face, CHAPTER II. Indian summer was over and done with. The soft haze had gone. For three days the wind had been blowing hard from the northwest and the air was as clear as an Arizona sky, the dis tant outlines sharp as the.tooth of the prairie blast. Colonel Farquhar had suddenly broken off his shooting trip, and, without saying why,: returned to the post. Captain Rolfe had "cut:' the alhb. once a favorite resort. and. was .. . • .., . . 2 - .., .. . : . '.. ? . ·?, , much in Dr. Holden's company--olden, whowas lonely enough now that hi." wifo and'littleoneswere'gone. Through outthe gaiiison there was one leading topic for conversation and conjecture Mise Guthrle's strange adventure the night of her intended departure and her equally strange conduct thereafter. She had remained senseless but a few mo pus Suleeissl.. :o ][-lsuia eabiarslq so -I1 us 'ue5uto!5tuoo of pe01~9Z uaqsA 'saeng 'asuso enoe~lam emos Sq pe -1veq £luappns 0q?5 Ou.elaue ;noq Isur 'lluep.ae abe eg?s moor eql nu peq ear o0 zeqo ouq pus pas.ue pnq spueq eo?,UO tlon. he insisted on attempting to rise and go to the train, as originally planned, .but this Holden positively forbade. He had succeeded in stanching the flow of the blood from a jagged cut near the temple;and could suggest ready theory as to-the ?cuse thereof-in falling she had probably struck the edge of the lit tle wooden post at the top of the balus ters-but beyond this explanation there was absolutely nothing. Nita Guthrie would only account for her sudden ter ror' by'the half nervous, half laughing statement that she thought she saw a. ghost, had played the coward and turned to run. But to the trained physician it was evident she had received a severe shock. Despite herpleadings Dr. Holden had re fused .to allow her to attempt the jour ney until three days had elapsed, during w hich time, though she laughed at him and. laughed at herself, her condition continued so nervous and excitable that he would not permit visitors to see her. This was pretty hard'treatment, thought' her many lady friends at the post, but he was, wise and they could only obey When the evening came for the depar ture a large contingent, ladies and ofi cors both, assembled to say farewell, ands Nita, Mrs. Holden, each of the children' and even the nurse could have had two - or three escorts to'the train. But no one: had opportunity to say much to the cen: tral figure of all this sympathetic inter est. Only at the last moment did she appear, and was ushered almost instant ly to the waiting carriage by Holden; who had only summoned her wheavigi a lant eyes had reported the headlightot the express visible far up the valley' But then down at the dark platform of' the station faithful, sad faced Rold was - waiting, and in the minute or two that intervened before the huge train came 3 glaring, hissing and thundering.along side he managed to have a worder two with her. Mrs. Vance, had she been present; r might have vowed that Nita shrank and a clng to Holden's arm, but others who were there saw her extend her gloved r hand cordially, saw that Rolfe clung to it an instaut-charitable others who could only wave adieu, for the party was hurried aboard, and away went the ex press, thetail lights of the rear sleeper disappearing in the dripping gloom around the bend, for, as though in syn pathy with the mourning of the post, a drizzling rain had begun to fall just after retreat. Rolfe, gazing after them to the last, wore that look seen on the face of many another man many another time. There can be few sensationsmore dismal than that of watching the disap pearing lights of the train that bears. away one's best beloved, especially in the eyes of him who stands rejected. "Let me drive you home, Rolfe," said Holden kindly. "Two of a kind," was his mental addition. And Rolfe turned. slowly away, neither man saying an. other word until once more they stood' at the gate of the now deserted home. "Come in and have a pipe." "Thanks, not-now, doctor." A long; .wistful pause, then-" Well, good night." "Good night, old man. Come when you will; I'll be lonely now." And the doctor stood and gazed after him long and earnestly as the captain strode into the darkness out over the parade. wstcn tne nays mat rouowea, wnen he had leisureto think it all over, Holden felt his perplexities increase. Up to the very last Nita had persistedin her state' meat that nothing had happened to war rant the absurd exhibition shehad made. of herself.t' I was overwrought, nerv ous, unstrung," 'she said. "I had not been feeling quite well. I had run up to the room'for my gloves, which' I had left'upon the table. I had not reached: the door, and it was just the waving' of4 those white curtains in" the draft from, the side window. I must have thought. I saw a ghost, and,.like a fool, I scream. ed and tripped, and-voila tout." . But Holden had known her for six: years'and felt well assured she was not. of the stuff that is easily stricken with, terror. With every confidence in her, veracity in general he did not in the least believe her now. The more- he studied the matter he felt that she was hiding something from them one ands all, even from Jennie, whom she dearly loved and whom ordinarily she frankly trusted. It was evident that Jennie, too, believed, as did her husband, the. doctor, that there.was something behind:.' it all. But Jennie was gone, and, except. possibly Rolfe, there was no one to aid him in hissearch afterthetruth. Rolfe's : heart was now so shrouded in iti own Sgloom that any phase of tragedy seemed credible. .Rolfe evidently. wanted to know Holden's suspicions or surmises. I and'again and again led up to the'sub?. ject; but of, anll men .in the garrison, much'lia he esteemed ' ni,Rolfe saeened. hardly the man- to make a confidant of Snow. Was h- sib Nita'si ivowed thoughi rejected lover 3 - .The Daudenong Briss .Band will be- " Sropresentf?Pon the prios iosinlc utomittee Sof the B\fidsh-n's Instilutbe of Adstrislasia b h, Mr; Deo.yo??" " .....?".. . 