GENERAL NEWS It is stated that the directors of the Cen tral and the Central Extended mines at Southern Cross have decided to shut down their batteries for a time, owing to the want of water. The jury trial of the claim made by the trustee in the estate of G. Luber, draper, for the amount of insurance effeoted by the New Zealand Insurance Company, upon his stook-in-trade prior to the fire on his premises in December last, will commence to-morrow in the Supreme Court. This morning at the Fremantle Local Court Mr. Fairbairn delivered his reserved judgment in the caseHogan v. McGuiness \--claim for ^829, for money lent, half rent of office, commission of charter brig Eio Loge, and certain credits. His Honor gave judgment for £11 3s. The Archbishop of Canterbury has refus ed on behalf of the Church of England to take part in the Chicago Parliament of Eeligions, on the ground that suoh action would seem to admit the equality of Christi anity with other world-religions. 'This illustrates in a very characteristic manner,' says a London contemporary, ' the lofty superiority of official Anglicanism to logic and to experience. If Christianity is superior to other religions, surely the beat way of demonstrating this is to meet the chosen representatives of opposing faiths in the field of evidence and argument.' The work of duplicating the railway line between Perth and East Perth stations was taken in hand yesterday^ and the principal portion of the work was satisfactorily per formed between 7 a.m. and 6 p.m. Over 250 men were employed for the day. The work was necessary on account of the large number of trains running between the two stations named since the opening of the Bunbury railway. Following the Benediction at the con clusion of the ceremony in connection with the marriage of the Duke of York and Prin cess May of Teck, last month, the Arch bishop of Canterbury, who officiated, delivered a short address, in whichhesaid : —The world's glad sympathy is with this bright hour. And Christ, the King of kings, doeB not fail, -when invited to the marriage, to beautify with His presence the highest as mueh as the simplest feast. He is the unseen giver of its true joy, the real ruler of the feast, to all who with firm resolve will enter on the holy estate. This is an age and this a people which, in spite of many outward changes, still, in its heart of hearts, looks to the highest to do the common duties of all better than all. They desire to have before heir eyes and to be sure in their hearts that, amid all the splendour and care of a kingdom, there is above its central hearth all mutual honour and reverence, all sweet ness of domestic life, the faith and worship of God, the quiet spirit which is in the sight of God of greatprice. To some it is given that not their simplest ways are in different. Discretion and moderation, and wisdom of conduct, thought, and speech, are knois n to be consistent with deepest earnest ness and enthusiasm for all that is noble and true. Nay, discretion, moderation and wis dom alone give to earnestness and enthusiasm fair play and fair chance. To your union .a glorious Empire and a strenuous, laborious people look to perpe tuate among them the tradition that trans lates principle into life, that lets no respon sibility soek the most desired ends by any but the purest ways ; the tradition that can alone make society not an evil to itself, acting and reacting in imitation and inten sification of that which is evil; the tradi tion that makes society a blessing to itself, ever receiving and working into its own Christian existence the real and undying blessings which spring from our knowing ourselves to be sons and daughters of the Heavenly Father, the followers of and believers in the Son of God, through sorrow and through joy, the embodiment of the influence of the Holy Ghost. The first element of society is the family. The one prayer of all is that no blessing, no peace, no strength of the family may be lacking to tho future which is in?the hand of God for you. -, The following rainfall for the pre vious 48 hours, was registered at 9 o'clock this morning -.—Northampton 80, Greenough 15, Dongarra 5, New Norcia 23, Gingin 19, Newcastle 89, Northam 50, York 50, Beverley 39, Sovithern Cross 19, Guild ford 46, Perth 87, Fremantle 2.46, Jarrah dale 2.76, Pinjarrah 88, Bunbury 74, Bridge town 96, Busselton 49, Quindalnp 45, Ban nister 85, Williams 99, Arthur Eiver 67, Kojonup 1.20, Albany 32, Bremer Bay 29, Esperance Bay 89, Israelite Bay 10, Eyre 10, Eucla 13, Wagin Lake 1.00 and Katan ning 46 points. The Australian Blondin, Alexander, will give a grand display in Perth on the high wire and trapese, commencing Thursday night. The site selected for the exhibition is Pratley's yard, Hay-street, opposite Weidenbachs and Co's. Mr. Alexander brings with him numerous first class credentials of his marked success in Austra lia, New Zealand, Tasmania, and at one time crossed the Torrens lake, S.A., at a higth of 100 ft. He has also crossed the Yarra, Melbourne, and the Sydney harboiu* has also been spanned by this intrepid wire walker. The Auckland Star, speaking of the opening night in that city. — 'His large marquee was crammed and his per formance was spoken of as being equal to the original Blondin, of Niagara fame. His wonderful performance was gone through with the greatest of ease,and the feats were lying down on the wire, standing on his head, carrying a boy, wheeling a barrow, walking blindfolded, dancing the Highland fling and other startling acts. Bounds of applause greeted each act, which showed the wire walker to be complete master of his profession.' The North-West Times is responsible for the following : — ' Our York contemporary is responsible for the following 'slip' made in the report of Mr. Monger's ad dress to his constituents— (The Midland Eailway company wishes to raise halfa million, asked the Government last session to quarantine their debentures, and offered, as security, property to the value of one and- a-half millions.) If the debentures are to be quarantined, what will become of the company ? Our contemporary's inadvert ent interpretation of the proposal would undoubtedly meet with unanimous accept ation, but owing to the impossibility of getting them into a healthyjcondition, we opine the debentures would soon be con signed to the cremation pit.' The Attorney General(Hon. S. Burt, Q.C., M.L.A.) left Fremaatle on Saturday after noon by the s. Adelaide for- short stay in Albany. Mr. Burfs health has been unsatis factory lately— owing doubtless to the exacting nature of his Parliamentary duties. He will stay in Albany a few days, and will probably return by the end of the week. The Ballarat Courier (Victoria) in a recent issue has the following : — Some enterpris ing Warrnambool residents have decided to charter a steamer from Warrnambool to Eaperance Bay, Western Australia, and to convey provisions, stores, carts and horses to that Bay, and thence open up a track to the Coolgardie goldfields. It is anticipated that goods shipped at Warrnambool could be landed at Esperance Bay in seven days. A route from the Bay to Coolgardie would cut off 200 miles of the track now followed. Esperance Bay is 275 miles north-east of Albany, and 536 miles this side of Perth, and is one of the stations of the transcon tinental telegraph line. The firstof the series of Pleasant Sunday Afternoon Services was held yesterday in Wesley Church. There was a large attend ance. Beginning with the Hymn 'Stand up for Jesus ' the singing led by an efficient orchestra under the dual management of Miss Arnold and Mr. A. Ottaway with Mr. Devenish assisting with cornet was hearty and spirited, The pra yers concluded with the Lord's Prayer, in which all joined. ' Yield not to tempta tion' from Sankey's Solos prefaced the reading of the overthrow of the Giant Goliath by the hand of David. Mr. H. Wright then sang as a solo, with vigorons dtyle and careful expression/' Only an Armour Bearer,' the congregation taking up the chorus. Prior to the address tho Minister explained the object of these Services, and ' Standing by a purpose true,' with the refrain ' Dare to be' a Daniel ' was next sung. On announcing the topicof the address theEev.G.E. Eowe remarked that haying seen the city hoard ings billed by notices of 'Jack the Giant Killer' and knowing well the locality where Jack is reported to have slain his first giant, he thought it was a favourable opportunity to press home the lessons that the story suggested. That there were giants in these days none denied whose eyes are opened to the proportions and strength of auch evils as Intemperance, Gambling, Covetousness etc. After dwell ing upon the need there was to lay these giants low the rev. gentleman urged, upon those present the necessity of taking pledges against the two evils first nien^ tioned. Arrangements having been made for receiving pledges in the porches of the Church, Sister Marian being in charge of one, and Sister Louie in charge of the other— at the close of the service youn° men went up to the tables and signed the pledges against intemperance and gamb ling. The service was organised by the officers of the Men's Bible class, and the arrangements under the charge of the Secretary (Mr. C. Tucker) were most successfully carried out. A writer in the Mining Standard has the following in reference to Mr. Pym's success ful brokering in floating Bayley's Eeward claiminto a company -.—' So Mr. Pym has done it. He has a placed in stone-broke Melbourne, if what every second man you meet says is true, the 30,000 shares of the Bayley's Eoward No. 1 South Gold Mining Company. All I can do is to congratulate him on a perseverance and lighthearted ness which I am sure few men in Victoria possess. To float a mine in boom time, when the public is eager for bait, is not difficult ; but to induce a poverty stricken people to take up ,£30,000 worth of shares, and, what is more find the money for them, is still more remarkable. However, I presume his task was a little bit lightened by the wires which reached here of further phenomenal finds at the Bayley's Eeward claim. Mr Pym s clients must have unbounded faith in him. I would be the last to take shares in a claim which has been tested to so small an extent as Bayley's No. 1 South and where the only crushings have been a few pounds' weight of what i3 practi cally surface stone. It would be interest ing to know if the vendors applied for any SThe Hon. H. W. Venn is now laid up at Dardanup Park with a very 'severe attack of influenza (says the Bunbury Herald) The hon. gentleman contracted the dis ease in Perth about ten days ago, but kept up attendinglto his Parliamentary duties and office work until Friday, when he came lown by train to hie residence at Dardanup. Se was immediately attended by Dr. Love jrove, who found that the influenza had leveloped into congestion of the lungs. It is to be hoped that Mr. Venn's illness will be of short duration, as his presence at this particular juncture, both' in office and in the Assembly, is much required. We learn that although Mr Venn's illness is not sritical, it will be sometime before the hon. gentleman is about again. The explanation of the Premier with re ference to the withdrawal of the tender for the Boyanup- Busselton line (say the Bun hury Herald) seems to satisfy the residents of the Vasae, who are Ghiefly interested in the carrying out of the contract. The pro mise of the Premier that the work would be carried out as soon as funds were avail able has very properly been accepted in good faith, and we are fully assured that the promise will be fulfilled to the letter, and.further, we feel satisfied that the time will be short when the balance of the loan will be successfully floated. Even at the present time, if placed on the English money market, it would be subscribed twice over. The pantomime 'Jack the Giant Killer' will' be repeated this evening at the Town Hall, being announced for a further season of four nights. The performance _ has vastly improved since the opening night, and should be given this evening without the 'waits' which were so noticeable on the occasion of the first presentation. The scenes in which the children take part are decidedly bright and pretty, and should be seen by all young people before the season terminates. The performance will com mence at 8 o'clock each evening. A matinee will be given on Wednesday afternoon, at which children ? will be admitted to all parts of the hall at one shilling each. We understand that Mr. Bateman in tends to stage shortly the famous mining drama ' Hy Partner,' as played by Mr. George Eignold with such success in the other colonies. Mr. Bateman intends securing the best professional talont avail able for the production, which will be stag ed in acomplete manner, and with all the original scenic effects. 'The usual meeting of the Sons of Aus-' tralia Benefit Society was held at St. George's Chambers on Thursday night, when the balance sheet for the half-year ended 30th June was submitted. The re ceipts amounted to .£162 7s. Id. and the ex penditure to .£112 ls.5d.,.£54 6s. 8d. having bees disbursed to sick members. The to tal assets of the Society amount to .£9,980 9s. 5d., and the number of members is 92. The reportwas unanimously adopted. About four months ago a large represen tative committee was formed at Fremantle with the object of preparing for a floral fete to be held in the early spring. The idea has ' caught on,' and plans are well advanced, so that everything promises to be in readiness by Wednesday, 4th October — the opening day. Local artists have lent their aid in designing stalls and symbolical displays, which will be decorated with a wealth of flowers when the time comes. The fete is to last for four days, and will embrace a variety of attractions. Music will be a prominent feature, both instru mental and vocal; the best help avail able is cheerfully 'promised. An ex perienced gentleman and lady have a series of games of chess with ladies, gentle men, and children dressed in character for pieces, to be played on a chess board 24ft. square. It is intended that every hour the fete is open there will be a change of pro gramme, and every effort will be made to promote the pleasure of visitors. The Show will include competition in potplants, ferns, bouquets, cookery, and products of various kinds. The prize list is nearly ready and will soon be published. Hundreds of young plants have been distributed amongst the children for their own superin tendence,with a view to the competition for prizes. Fremantle is exceptionally situated for a display of the wild flora of the colony, being the port for vessels from the eastern and southern ports and from the North west, and having a largo area within reach by road andrail, with a wonderful profusion of wild blossoms. The idea first took shape under the influence of a gentleman who was familiar with the Manly Wild Flower Show, near Sydney, and who considers that Fre mantle can obtain a larger variety of wild flowers than that celebrated annual fete can boast of. Judging by the enthusiasm of the large committee, the preparations that have been made during the last three months and the extremely ambitious plans in operation, Fremantle, in the first week of October, will be gay and crowded at a festival which is designed to be an annual charity effort and a floral celebra tion at the port. The lecture by Mr. J. W.E. Archdeacon on 'Musical Curiosities ' on Friday last, in Wesley Hall, was witnessed by a large audience. The lecture was of a humorous nature, and Mr. Archdeacon soon had his audience in a state of boisterous merriment. The lecturer's character- sketches of musi cians, both vocal and instrumental, wei'e cleverly given, and were illustrated with such aptitude and qnaint humor that the audience were kept thoroughly amused. The Eev. G. B. Eowe presided, and at the conclusion of the lecture, a hearty voto of thanks was passed to Mr. Archdeacon. It is probable the lecture will be repeated at Fremantle and Guildford, upon dates to be fixed. Mr. A. E. Wallace (writes the London correspondent of the Melbourne Age) gives a popular account of the work of the Eev. Osborn Fisher, who has demonstrated to the satisfaction of Mr. Wallace the fact that the world, instead of having a crust of 1,000 miles thick and a core of fire, is in reality a great molten globe, skimmed over by a crust of earth only 18 miles thick. An or dinary indiarubber ball with winch a child plays has a larger proportion of crust to the internal air than what our earth has to the molten interior. Mr. Wallace points out the various arguments upon which this culculation is based, giving the first place naturally to the fact that every 50 feet you go down into the earth you get one degree hotter — a rule which prevails even in the coldest parts of Siberia, where the ground is frozen to a depth of 60 feet. According to this theory, mountains float upon the molten interior as icebergs in the water. This is ascertained by the pendulum, and also the plumb line. Mr. Wallace concludes his article with the consolatory reflection that the near proximity of such an im mense amount of heat renders it possible that we might be able to tap it and use it for the service of man. Mr. W. A. Laker, of Hay-street, announces in our advertising columns a gemxine clear ing sale of crockery, which is now on. A liberal discount, equal to 4s. in the £, will be allowed on all cash purchases of 5s. and xipwards. The date for the benefit performance in aid of the widow of the late Corporal Bos ville has been fixed for September 8. Mr. Frank Bateman has generously offered to produce for the occasion the beautiful Irish drama ' The Wearing of the Green.' A strong cast has been secured, and rehearsals are now proceeding. The practice of taking tea or coffee by students, in order to work at night, says Dr. Mattieu Williams, is downright mad ness, especially when preparing for an ex amination. More than half of the cases of breakdown,.loss of memory, fainting, &c;, which occur during severe examinations, and far more frequently than is commonly known, are due to this. I frequently hear of promising students who have thus failed ; and on inquiry have learned — in almost every instance — that the victim has pre viously drugged himself with tea or coffee. Sleep is the rest of the brain ; to rob the hardworked brain of its natural rest is cereb ral suicide. My old friend, the late Thomas Wright, was a victim of this-terriblo folly. He undertook the translation of the ' Life of Julius Ciesar,' by Napoleon III., and to do it in a cruelly short time. He fulfilled his contract by sitting up several nights successively by the aid of strong tea or coffee (I forget which.) I saw him shortly afterwards. In a few weeks he had aged alarmingly, and became quite bald; his brain gave way and never recovered. There was but little difference between his age and mine, and but for this dreadful cerebral strain, rendered possible only by the alkaloid (for otherwise he wovild have alien to sleep over his work, and thereby saved his life), he might still be amusing ind instructing thousands of readers by fresh volumes of popularised archffiological research. An arrangement has been arrived at be tween the Government and contractor of the 5T ilgam Eailway respecting the opening of the completed portion of the line. The contractor has promised to push forward the work as much as possible, and expects to be in a position to hand over the whole railway completed by the 30th June 1S94 —five months in advance of contract time. In return for this, tho Government have consented to pay a bonus of .£2,500. In reference to tho immediate opening of tho portion of the line now completed, the con tractor has agreed to convey goods and passengers at moderate rates over the 70 miles now ready, and will also open each section of the line as it is completed. This intelligence will be received with the greatest satisfaction, not only in the city, but throughout the colony. It will be seen from our advertising columns that the Fremantle Caledonian Society intend having a grand Scotch Night on Wednesday, 30th inst., inthelocal Town-hall, when Mr. Ferguson, who scored such a great success in Perth recently, will give one of his grand recital entertainments, and that he will be assisted by such an array, of talent as is seldom if ever brought to gether on one platform. The special items, such as Mr. Lapsley in full Highland costume, and Mr. T. Christie's trio party in ' Willio Brewed a Peck o' Maut,' together with the Caledonian reel party in 'Tul- lochgorum,' show that the committeo in charge have had an ejre to originality, and there isnodoxxbt their efforts will meet with tho greatest of success, namely — a crowded house. 