Told by a Camera. : r : - (BY " OLD SLIPRAIL.") ' ._ i ¡ - ; CHAPTER III. ! .'Well, Birth; back again at last! You're a little late this morning, are you not ? Was the parson's sermon a long one ?" asked Mr. Douglas of his daughter on her return from the first ser ¡rice the next morning. The reader will have no aiificulty in accounting for the little delay which seems to have attended the young lady's appearance, and will regard it as easily pardonable in the circumstances. The contemplation of a tomb- stone is sometimes a pro fitable occupation to medi- tativo minds ; and though perhaps the hour for din- ing might scarcely b o deemed the most suitable for strolling within thiok foliaged trees among thrj relics of the dead, still some folks must be con- tent to seize such a i opportunity lest anothei more desirable one should not be presented. And Eu th, wiee girl, made the most of her opportunity that morninp after service in the little shady grave- yard which surrounds the chun-h. " And what did his reverence preach about ?" questioned the old man. " Loving one another," was the quick reply. "Oh, papa ; it was such a delightful sermon. I don't think I ever heard him preach a better. H e announced his intention of delivering another to- night in continuation of the same subject. I hope you will be able to spare me, will you dear ? You see, when he said that, he made it like a story unfinished; and I do so much want to hear the end of it. Will you bo able to go yourself, do you think ? George George Aspinall (a per . ilously close shave of letting the cat out of the bag! What a good job there was such an old man as George Aspinall attending church!) said he would not have missed it this morning on any account. And you've lost a treat papa, one which I'm afraid won't be re- covered by to-night's sermon. It will be like . beading the sequel to a story first, won't it ?" " Then, I don't think I shall go at all, my dear. You will have tq repre- sent me again to-night, and leave me at home with a complete story and a pipe. . Besides, I ' m afraid your old father's not quite as sentimental as he was years ago, and would find the love sub- ject less congenial to his tastes than it seems to be to his daughter's. How- ever, you can go yourself. But aon't let his rever- ence put any foolish notions into your head about matrimonial love, and all that stuff." As the afternoon drew to a close, Ruth sug- gested an early tea. It was one of dear papa's weaknesses; and he muuiy assented, luui, when it was over, and she remembered that in les3 than an hour . the bells would begin to ring for church, si o, with affectionate forethought, arranged his easy chair in the comfortable little sitting-room, got him an interesting book with large print, and placed a reading lamp at his elbow ready to be " turned up as the shadows deepened after her departure. "There!" thought she to herself, "he is com- fortably settled now; and I know what bevis wnen he gets hold of a book he likes. Ail thé church bells in creation wouldn't make him alter his mind about going. And, perhaps, af tor all, the story I've given him will do him just as much good as the sermon. If he gets his sympathies enlisted in th« love troubles of " the faithful daughter," possibly he will begin to have a little consideration for nie. Ah, Euth ! Euth ! It is to befeaTcd you're not much better than the rest of your sex, notwith- standing the care which has been bestowed on your education in relation to truthfulness and filial affection ! But, who could help sympathis- ing with the artful maiden, considering all things ? After all, she was a really good, attentive daughter, and bore very patiently the trying lot imposed upon her by the selfish, old man, even if she was not quite as open and inno- cent as he fondly imagined her to be. "Papa," said she, interrupting him just before the time for the first, bell to ring. " You have not returned old Mr. Mai tin's umbrella ¡ Will he not be wanting it?" " O, clear mo, child; I quite forgot it ! Take it, will you ; and return it after service ! It won't he too much of a walk," said the old man excitedly. " How bad my memory is getting to be sure ! I promised he should have it the next day/' he muttered, as his eyes again sought the printed page, where, recovering the thread of his story, his mind speedily winged its flight again into the world of imagination. As he pursued the history of the " Faithful daughter's" experience*, turning over leaf after loaf with eager interest, little did he imagine how his own dear daughter was emplovmo- the time before church. It wanted nearly half an hour TO tne commencement. The first bell only had been rung ; and she was at the west door talking to the verger. " Are you quite sure it ia ff Ah! if the. dead could hear, and, having heard, could speak, what a revelation might have come forth from the silent . receptacle of the poor, defunct Westwood ! " only five minutes past 7 ?" asked she, with as surprised an expression on her countenance as the most clever actress could have assumed. " Quite sure, Miss Douglas," replied the other confidently. "Well, now, to think of my mis- taking the first bell for the second, and hurryiug here in such a way for fear of being late !" Oh you innocent, artless maiden ! You daughter of Eve ! What made the minute hand on the lace of the timepiece in your father's sitting-room leap over four spaces of five minutes each in half as many seconds, and tell a conspicuous lie of twenty minutes, causing him to hurry you off to church, lest you should be late ? Innocent, art- less maiden! Who caught sight of a young man approaching with hasty footsteps, and gave him a signal to retire beneath the dark foliage of some trees overshadowing Westwood's grave, while the verger was gone to consult the vestry clock, lest by any possible chance he had erred as to the time? Innocent, artless maiùon ! who smiled so simply in las unsuspecting face on his return, as he re- marked with a natural self-conceit " It haint me as has bin deceived, miss. The clock's right enough, I assures yer. And I haint a biu a verger to this yer church twenty year 2ome Christmas, to make a mistake like that." *' Never mind, Tomkins. The error must have been mine; and it's not so very seri- ous, after all," responded our heroine, as she wandered away, with apparent unconcerr. as to her destination, but .ra the direction, nevertheless of Westwood's last restins* nlaco. Ah! if the dead could hear, and having heard, could speak, what a revelation might have come forth from ~ the'silent - receptacle of the poor defunct Westwood ! Despite the early hour of art iva!, these young lovers made it a very near shave of being late worshippers. Did the ghost of a suspicion flit through the mind of the ^officiating 'clergyman as he- glanced at the face of the blushing conscious-look- ing maiden stepping hurriedly into 1 er pew, and observed the almost simultaneous entrance of a handsome young man, who took his seat in tho pew immediately behind her. Let tis hope they behaved themselves with becoming reverence, during the remainder of the service, and listened with attention to the subject which had proved so interesting to them in the morning ! Was that mischievous smile the expression of a dawn- ing idea, which spread over the old verger's countenance, aB he marked the departure of those two ? Did it suddenly strike him that an attempt bad been made to dupe him. fie was a pretty shrewd, sharp-witted old fellow, and not easily taken in, as the following reflections, uttered sotto voce, might suggest " Humph ! It won't be many Sundays afore the parson 'll be required to open his book at another place for you two, I'm a thinkin*. Shouldn't wonder now if you know nearly as much about the marriage service as you d ies about this part." The latter observation v.'iv.i made as he closed the little book of devotion lott open in the pow in which Ruth had sat. "Well, was the second edition as good as tho first ? " asked Mr. Doug1 « of his daughter on "h return. "Better," was th prompt reply. And the: tearing lest she should questioned farther, and perhaps, asked to give an analysis of the sermon which she had, alas, no1* taken in as fully as usual that evening, she hastily added, " I walked round to Martin's with the um- brella." But she did not deem it necessary to con- tinue with the informa- tion. " And George Dal- rymple walked with me, giving me the assistance of his arm, and occasion- ally something else under the friendly concealment of a moonless night." "Did you enjoy youi book, papa?" she asked instead. " I see you have finished it." " Very much, my dear. I admire, too, your taste in recommending it. It was one of the nicest little tales I've read for many a day. Perhaps that which made it particularly in- teresting to me," he con- tinued, with one- of his pleasant, fatherly smiles, " was the similarity of the hero's character to my own daughter's, eh ?" " Why, papa, you quite flatter me !" " Not at all, my dear ! That free, open, confiding nature of the faithful daughter corresponds ex- actly with yours, I am happy to say. You know how I. have striven to cultivate it in you, Ruth, and, I am proud to know, not without success. You are a credit to any parent. And don't think, my dear, if I seem a little hard, and, .perhaps, a little summary in my way of dealing with impecunious young men who come seeking your hand in marriage ; don't think that I am so except for your good ! I know what young men are better than you do (quory ?). And I know your inno- cent, unsuspecting nature. (Happy delusion!) Bat as long as you trust your old dad he'll soe that you are not victimised by any who only want to make you the stepping-stone to a handsome fortune." Oh ! the depravity of designing youth ; and the peril of unprotected maidenhood ! What enormities would happen but for the watchfulness of cautious parents! Dame Nature, it would seem, has no control of you|; has imparted to you no self-protecting instinct; ? but, according to the idea of elderly parents, bas formed you with the dis- position to rush impef ously to your destruct! : the moment pareni 1 restraint is remove !1 Fudge ! There ai .< thousands of young nu with nobility of charact . sufficient to prevent the from wronging in thougl or action a loving at confiding girl ; andGeorç Dalrymple was one of these. And Nature has implanted m the minds of most of her seemingly simple, trustful maidens an intuitive foresight of danger quite as keen as that claimed by their seniors, who may pride themselves upon their more extended experience, and superior knowledge of human character. And our heroine was no fool in this respect. And her father might safely have trusted to her common sense in selecting f rom among her numerous admirers the one most likely to prove worthy of her. On this natural ability the young lady in question seemed deter- mined to depend, notwithstanding the want of confidence in her discretionary powers expressed by her parent. What the issue of such deter- mination was to be the continuation of tho story will reveal. ÍTO BB CONTINUED.) -+ Mrs. Robert Ingersoll receives almost as many letters as her husband, most of them tracts. 