I A ItELtuPItT':It ADVEN TUICES. 110OW A DESERVING YOUNG laA1A . VWON HIS SWEETIHEART. A HIREE o'clock in the morning is an. u unanny hour llo world over except. al Solico hoandllurters or in tle office of a Y lorning newspaper, anld it was in this lntter pf lace, at the hour natned, that. four or five 'reporters, hairingl sent in all their copy and liatened to the foreman swear for fifteen m inutes because heo had two columns of a space and teon columns of matter that "mntb t go in," sat with their foot on thI the tables and ' their ehnirbacks knocking tile plastering off, s tLalkiag over theo subjoct which is just as now lto:day s 't was when Adam dolTed his g iatter and said "flow ad'y'do!" to Evo. Every follow in the crowd was a bachelor, ad ltl eachl one was informing the otheir in all soriolsnoas that Ih should marry. " What for ?' inquired Claudo Brown of Frank Jones. "Becaulse," repliod Frank, " it's tho only nlrolpr way to live." n " A nic lhusbland i reporter would make,' said Clnudo it rebuttal, " coming in at 3 t o'clock n.ml. aldl leaving I0ome0 Is 0oo0n as lhe got his 12 o'clock breakfast." 0 " But las wife woall alwaiey know where SIhe was, and if she didn't, sho' d know where I over Iho woanller an itom nald hadn to be back o at the ollice on timeu," romnarkod Charlio I Smith. 1t " Waoll," put, in Claude, "if you tllink it's ,I osuch a jeI t sou,, why doa't you got mIarrelod 7' g "Ca't," sairl Clharlie, very positively. W" nl!y otl" " Thaulleration, m1lon, lhow's a follow to lbuy II wholo st'alUoaat. when hle hlasn't aaaomaoy enough to buy n splinter offl a stag lllak T loiol a ita aI1 to bulV a hoolo and Y lot when heo can't buly it Ianoaelo full of dirt " '"'Tlhat's it," inlcrrllupted Claudelo; "how's so amun to do anythling if lie doUes't do it y \'lhat's the matter with marrying a rich Y gil 7" "\Vhero's laho girl ?" Oqueried Charlio. ? 'lelanty of h.aem. Glirlnwith lmonoy always n needl a disburinlg agent, and tlhey will trust x n hbnand whenou they won't troust an elder in I the church. Besides, what's the good of loer Ioanoy if thlo girl hans her heart sot oni a Ihus r nd and n l ca't ?get lll ?" r Smnith argued awhile against matriulony, a li at, half-.lpasttlaco started for hmnoe. ]I a was thinking tio convorsationl over and ine She trudgeld along- it, occurred to him that a Ig achelor woos not only a knot omn a log, bub Il ho 1was a very loo?olOm knot. a lis way led hinm through the aristocratic t poal.ioun of the city, nlad l a ho panced a ino0 0 louse, his reverie was disturbced by thlo f peculialr click of a turning lock, anda tlhe g. maatrimonial lino of thloght was knocked n all awry by the relaurorial instinct, and ho eaw , ialonsl o at blushing, bloolm Slag ?lirs. Saaith, al blrgilr clacking I e lallionaliro's dilingirool n 1111 Alakinllg ofl a with hlis silver. Ile Iahought of tlheo beauti. 's Iaul scoop hle wan oilllng to hIave onl the other follows and slippinlg into the shadlo', k o waited illa listeneoc. Click wentl, the t look again, as if khlo burglar was nervols a and wvas more Anxious to open the door tlhoa heo wsit to preoerve the ordinary btlurlarious f quiet. 'li' report.or sciorultiseal tlhe door closely and discovered ,thaat. lno robber was not oil the oatasido,but was evidently within, 0a 11d was working his way out, 0n1d leo folt a .1 thud of excitclmenlnt lt lt tlhotlght of being a ohblo to capturo hi1s m1 witlh the boodllo oil a his lerson. Ilo slippedll his revolver out of Shis ipockot, trained it onl thle loor, and on inastant afterward the door slwung open00 aindl SClharlio waieo rpady , to cry "throw upl your r hlndsl," wheno instonl of it burglar, ai ghost a clom out. 0 " It can't, boa glhost," hie whisllacred in all Snesauring tollo to hilnself, " for giosot.o don't ,liuiliý -.ný2"$ rtilt ,nvtih gnoo'o °ti ru let oLhouuh i I io?" . . s lie hadn't long to wait, for whoever or wnlatover it 1 cameno out into the vestibhlo id delol wn the stg1 slowly, no if unlcertain of (it lmaovement,?I1 and when aboul half way to the lpavellnotltopped. d lBy garry," sola the . lo rter, " it's a n womlln, a l Hola's fgot on ialsLihtgrn. I'll 'laa to see ahout thll ,"and alh his rotvoleoi t readlly ill case of accidentll, he supllerl out , ( the shandow A11d spoke to t ho e ghostly 0 walkor. 0 "Gool c venlilg," . hl said, lervousoly. Y "No, xculs(ae, In llomal g lood molilng. If tyoll'r goill to llollct, mIlL yol'd better vu b"aluc ld in oan hIenn "l istt'' Ordi Onarily ClhatrliO w0ould havr{oe Leoln mloal I gllanlt, blt this was anythingl bult i n11 altdlinarly aflair, n111 laa, Illid'nt requlire saws0 i allor icntilyob to tell hits io. t0, schelte figure indelo no reply, Iuto a moved l al gaill an[ ce1 o towlard hil:1 Tihe Scoll chills chased each other down hlis book o anll Ihu loolked for a policoln l, with theo 0 unatial result.. " Stand bock," o said, " tlhil lpistol nin't Slonloled, but it mligLht go aoil."'' Ilunt ol it calno, and Chlarlii foul thnIllhi lgl wouldn't mLeove, in spite of oill ho could fl do mtlko m them; SOneo t, 111010 l ne A ole stood Iface to face wtall Iitn sillrango discovery, land ChaIlie slw Stllhat itL was Inot only ii womanal, but ai yoaung aI Ihmisomou wao, Iad lao ogann to foci bulter, "I keg you parIdoni," I sail, "II bubt tlhe night air is cool, 0n1d you appear to be I Ireslaed ratt er lightly. t'an I reaider you nlay aosistlllce. Is thera n yon1 1 in ibo SIhousu thallt has fraighitaeld yo1 1 S, Still no Answerl , maal Charlie, embolllldenedc I by lais onla words, stollld to ho youang lotonall's slineolAnl gelntly kook lace by klan arm. Sila turned her face to hin n1nd then lthe Im lyLoery wans solved. " Anotlor Alino," e soid. "'la Sola. n mbulanbit' off the stage, with a re ortor nas first tolnor and lecding man,. \aoll, this is "I've got to tako her In tho housae any how, that's plhin," lho said to himsolf, and Ilo genltly lod the willilng walkor back up to Ih 110ooa n rn111 kang the Iall, nandl rang it witl 'a foity.horae poi1lcr draft. The next' Initleto tlo boa?nttful ee? . I walkor wais nd looager 'alepl; hub wldo a IAwalko, anil Chalillno had vory Illmnil young womlallln In his anr'as in a dea0 faint, and hela anado a dsh waithl hisa birdoni iato lan heall, olaly to nmct a hloltliy youngf' man0 il oven ia loss hollsbhilc. ', "What's thllis" loe shoulned, maiking a grabal' Ctaarlio's lthroat., 1Shullt Iho alaoo', yoa idiot," giargIod Chorl, alrolllig tth girl on tlre floor 011nt nlualoot jilhttliag ]lia foot on lane, after tkln alnnanr of sIn eotplnr tyralnis. "\V I Wh tiles ihthis lIcall t" oUnli laoauted tile 1o1oug m0ill, nalal tal reonalodor of tihe family co la'tlullbli g tloo'rnstalr,; aone,e of tann Ilhoal to sen colnlholly. " Let go of' to all saalub thant door, nnd I'l 'tell yol0," 1'loozedl Clharllo. " You don't w1nut to rilse the lnoiglhbourhood nndl bh'hag the patrol Wa ggoal,o yaid '?"1'?" r0in0 of the otleor aar lhbors of the fanily b1'.{thiutlma had rbactaed thea reilortoer n5 1 helait lho dloor, anl whilto the molhlcr nld tllo c seorvantls cnarled' thio unconsiealols girl 1 ulpastrls•, Clharlo told 'lhlo fathelr antl sonl lhow ho had mot (tl yoltalg holy nnd wh'tl I tle troallblao wu. IloLth lconl kllow h11 by a ilglt, andl laal 111ob blIa on 'Chillnlgo aI oielslero, iul l.nooe notdlilleult to oxpllt a tlno snlliaatjloa . , [Idr ,i' Ihai,' ltar tho rolrlor 0w1 at I Ihoip,; IIn boll Orlldrer bitig sw81cot drnnuams of c irotty ghla taid all sorts of romantlO an tla nel "o . . . ,\V'ia't. he raclhed the io s olxc day a I 11t00 lonR lo'Laltllg foar hiala,nndaa Ito ano 1 llv00 Itd o to caIl tlanat oVhcqlhlal ol aaaotloef thao Ia * Itio c olul, ot cnlreo, lfoesawv Lho mnotile; I' Ioe nc1 t' tin aughtor, blusalilng nlll behtatli. o fil, alld aaow If ClUarlln Is abnaiclaor tllich ologer~or oan will bu Ih broi ch o Iarofilllso suti ta Il Colllo ulIll' tlIaolllhuI1 callulalty, for.C(hrllnlliu'a I n D h1e11 e 1 }1 1no is ,laa . . • .a , I Uoaiae, allladnlat1']5 ktbitorl a 15 otoun,' 