LION-HUNTING. »o» I Adventures of a Catcher of the King of Boasts. While trapping lions in tha Hottentot country (or tbo Hamburg animal bouse, I had opportunities tor seeing the king oi boasts nt his best, and (or making closo ob servations of his traits o( obaraoter. When \- b so-oalled lion-tamer telle you that he tmderstands his pets as well na it they wero human beings, tlioro is apowcrtul signiCeaneo in bia wordu. He understands them as well, but no bettor, and this raeana hourly peril to him. 11 fiva dospsrato criminals were shut tip in a room, and a keeper entered it several times a day to whip them about, he would jbe in tho same peril as the man among the lions. No two lions ere alike ozcept in a few leading traits, any more than any two men «ro alike. Every lion is supposed to ront at Bight whon abroad alter prey, but not halt ol them do so. When yon road of one charging into a camp you praise his oonrags, bat for everyone eaah ease I oan show ten where the 'lion skulked about liko a dog. You never fflnd him twice alike. He may oh urge you in >the evening, and run from yon in the after noon. He may come roaring about your camp one night, potting you in (ear that bo means to dely the blazing fires and tho wide- awalco hunters, and tho next night ho may creep up as softly as a oat, and lie hidden for an hour, for the sake of pioking up a native dog. We were oneo camped in a grove on the bank of a oreek. our party numbering ovor thirty people. We had horses, oxan, wag- gone, and dogs, and were spread out ovar two ncros of ground. It was in the lion country, and they might bo expsoted to ap proach at night, but on the seoond afternoon of our oamp, while all wore engagad in clean ing up, and making ropairs, an alarm woh suddenly rained, 1 supposed that some ol the animals had stampeded, and ran around tho waggon to get a clear view of the spaos between ua and the creek. This oreak was two hundred feet away, Hnd was bo nearly dry that one could step across it. The bank on the other eide was rooky ground, pretty tbiokly covered with earnb, and right on the brink stood one of the ilargost lions I ever saw. Ho waB ont in lull Mew, head and tail np, and stood so still for |b moment that I doubted it he was alive. (There was a light broczo blowing toward as, 'and as soon as our animals got the ccont, it 'required the efforto of every native to prevent them from breaking away. My gune were being oleanedand oiled, and 'my two white companions were looking after .their hocsee. No one had the least idea tbnt ithe lion meant misahief, and we ware pro- leontly dumfounded to see him spring aoroea the creek and aome walking into camp. We measured his leap, and found it to be twenty- eight feet. He made it without an effort. I rwas to the right of him, and tho contre of the oamp was hie objective point. The lion advanced at a walk, uttering no sound, and the shouts, soresms, and whoops of the men, Smoked by the bellowing of tho aattle, and the snorts of the horses, had no effeot on him. We had a now milch oow tied to the wheel of ono of the waggons, and the lion advanood to within thirty feet of ber,Bnd then made a spring whioh landed him fairly upon her beak. She fell in a heap, end he seised her by the neok, gave her two or three Bhakee which broke the grass rops around her head, nd he then got his right shoulder nnder her, ' and started oil, Tha oow weighed at least five hundred pounds, but he oarried her with perfect ease, her bind (6et dragging on the ground. At the oreek ho mads a jomp of eleven feet, asoendiDg a sloping bank without b halt, BDd soon disappeared in the broken ground with hie prey. He wsb gone before we had a gnn ready. Indeed, we were luoky not to have loat half our animals, I was no greenhorn in tho animal business at this date, but this was tho first timo I had ever witneasedSsuch aheek in a lion. Had I been told that he bad euoh oourage and coolness, I should have laughed the statement to corn. As soon as order had been restored the tbreo of na mounted our horses, and, pre- eeded by five or six natives and their dogs, crossed the oreek and took up the trail. Alter going about half a mile we discovered tbo lion sitting beoide tbe oaroasa in a little hollow. He was eitliug np liko a dog, head turned towards us, but as ooon as he saw us divide he ran off with his tail down, evidently thoroughly alarmed, and suoh was his speed that we soon lost him. Wo could oount on his returning to the body during tho night, aud tbe natives were therefore set to work to dig a pit and oonocal it. Thoy regarded the lion as baing as canning as he was wise, and tbe pit was not dug noar the body, but thirty feet away from it, and in the direation in whiohit WBsboliOvedlio would drag the body. ;If a,lion or tiger leavoB a body during tho day, and returns to it at night, the first aat la, to drag it some distance, as if fearing an ambuscade. Whilo the rule is hot invari-: able, it holds good In most oases.' : Daring tbo night a dozen lions scented around onr oamp, bnt without causing any alarm, and soon alter dayllglit fha natives event out to investigate the trap. No hunter ever had suoh a windfall before or sinoe. As night came several lions mnst havsaoentud the oarouse, and gathered for a feast, Tho rightful owner objeotsd, of course, and there Was a fight, the result of whioh was that three fall-grown mates' tumbled into our pit. V.;, ' This foot did not prevent others from piok ing tbo oaroasa olqan, Ono of the aaptives was the ohceky old fellow who had entered «nr oamp, and the other two we're fully as large. In the oonrse of the forenoon' wo had them out and in the oagea, and two of .them are in the United States to- day in Zoo logical gardens. There aro plenty of inBtanoes where men have been.eeist'ed by lions and lived to relate the partloalars, thongh ho two agree aq to . sensations. A week snbscqnent to onr cap- ftnre oi the three lions I had been ont with Isome of tbe natives to prepare a bait in a rooky ravine. Wo had built a stout pen of rookB and logs and placed a oalt as a bait. The snn was nearly dowa as we started for oamp, and no one had the least suspicion of the presence ol danger, nntil a lion, whioh had been oronohing beside a bneb, sprang ont and knooked me down. In springing upon his prey the lion or the tiger strikes ae he seises. This blow of the paw, if it fella on thenghtopot, disables tho victim at once. I was so near this follow that be eimply reared np, seized me by tbe ehonldor, and pnllod me down, and I was flat on the earth before I realised what had happened. I was on my book, and he stood with both pawe on my middle, facing the natives and growling eavsgelv. The men ran off about I three hundred feet and then belted, which was, doubtless, . tho reason why! I wee not car ried off ot once. I oan nay without oonoeit that 1= who fairly cool, It had soma so ' suddenly that I had not time to get rattled. I bad beon told by on old Boor hunter that if I ever found myself in this fix to appeal to tbe lion'o fears. Had I moved my arm to get my pistol, tho boast would have lowered hie head and seised' my throat. So long nu I lay quiet be would reason that I was dead, and give his attention to tbo nativeB. All of a sudden I barked out liko n dog, followed by a growl, end that beset jumped twenty feet in his ourprise. He name down between me and tho natives, and I tnrnod enough to eeo that his tail was down and that ha was soared. I uttered further berks and growls, but without moving a hand, and, after making a circle clear around mo, the lion red donly bolted and woot oil with a soars whioh would last him a week. If you had picked up o utickand die- r covered it to be a snake, «- you woniu have done jOBt as the lion did. Ho sup posed ho bad pulled down a man. Tbo mnn earned into a dog. It appealod to his fears. After tbe lion had gone I grew eo weak that I had to he u.irried to oamp. He hnd inflicted a pretty severe bite on ray shoulder, and it was a fortnight before I could hold my gun for an off-hand shot. I had the pre senile of a oeptive daring this time to eon- solo mo, however. No enirnul went near the calf on the first or the second, bnt on the third we esptured a fine half-growl malo, and got him oeged without trouble. Curiously enough, he bad offered the aalf no violence, being overcome by tho situation, and wlieu we found him tho two seemed to be ou tho best of terms. About foui mouths later, on the Orange Bivor, I had a close call for my life, with no one at hand to aid mo by distracting tbo attention of the lion. I had only one white men with mo, and ho was ill of fever. Via bed dug a pit on a path frequented by lions coming down to drink, but were much annoyed by othor animals falling into it. On tbe first night we naught two-hyenas ; on the seoond a panther ; on tho third a wild hog. Those would have bum prizes had wc not been after lions and lions alone. On tha fourth night I etationod a couple ot natives in a tree near the path to frighten off all game bat lions. They were hunters, end know tho walk ol a lion from that of any othor boast. When going down to drink the lion generally sniffs the air, probably to eoe what gutno is abroad. On a rough path his tread is us heavy as a man'u, and no ono who bus hunted him need be afraid of making a mis. take. On this night, after tho natives had driven several naeless animals away, a largo lion and lioneee oame down the path. When first dlsoovored, tha lion was ahead, but ho got the eoent of the men in the tree, and stopped short to growl and sniff, while tbo lioness, who was, perhaps, vory thirsty, advanced olowly and went down into the pit. Tho pit wee two miles from onr oamp, and we hesid nothing of the' row whioh took piece when the lion dlsoovored the trick played on hi mete. He tora around for a spell like mod, and then lay down at the foot ot tho tree and besieged the men. As soon as it wee daylight I leltoemp on horse- book to tide over and see what luok. I rodo straight for tho place, and, when within forty tods, sailed Bo the men. Thov nn- Bwered at onoe, and though I oould not make out what thoy said, I know that they were ezoitod over something. I was riding around a olcmp of trees on to an open Bpace, whon my horse snddonly started. Next instant I wee on tho ground, and a lien standing over me, and I oonld hear tho horse tearing away through the eaxnb like mad. The lien baa pullod me down, nearly tearing the book ont of my coat, vast, and shirt, bat not drawing blood with bia alaws. Ae in the previous oaec, I was not frightened, because it bad ocourrod so Bud- dsnly that I bad not time to loee my nerve. I woe on tbe left side, bareheaded, and tbe lion stood for a moment with bis right paw on my shoulder, looking after tho horoo. The natives saw tho fleeing norso, knew very woll what had happened to too, and at onoe descended tbo tree and made for oamp. I, did not blamo thorn say, and perhaps that very action saved my lite. I had timo to collect my thoughts in that single minnto, and ae I bod routed one lion by barking like s dog, I deoided to follow the same plan in this ease. But, an I said at the beginning, lions ere as unlike ae men. At my first berk this fellow growled savagely, and gave me a terrible bite in the hip. Had I oried out at that, or made any straggle, he would have finished mo at ones. T repressed my toolings and played deed. I bad a revolver strapped to my beck, but K would not do to reaon for it. After biting me tho lion watched and waited to r jjigus of life, and when he oonld da toot none, fit) seized my right shoulder in his teoth, gave me n shako and a twiBt, and next moment I was being oarried off on hie buck. His tooth did not touata my flash, and as I lay almost cross him on my side, my hand streak the butt b! tho revolver. I bad it cat of tbo holster In a second, Whether the beast toll apy movomont or not ha growled at intervals, and hiB breath oame baok oh mo eo strong that I was nauseated. I intended to fire into him as ho Carried me along, but hB wbb swaying about so that I dared not risk it. After carrying me halt a mils through tho scrub end over brokou ground, the lion halted at tho head ol a ravine, In whioh he doubtless had his liar. He turnod about, es If to ess if pursuit had been made, and tbe muzzle of tho pistol oame against hie left bin. I fired at onoe, and next iuBtant wbb flung in a heap op the earth, « whilo the lion ut-S torcd a scream of pain, I was on my knees in a flash, bnt the boaet woe ten fet£ away, going round in oiroles, end biting nt the wound. Ho did not notioo me in tho loaot, and I sent another bul- let into him just book of the shoulder. He 1 ottered another eor«am,and, instead of cash ing at me, as I folly expected, made leap mi t— «n— — mm into tho ravino, and I oonld hear him running lor some distance. I was badly chakon up, bat Host no time in getting oat ot tho neigh borhood. and in tho oonrso of an hour roaohod oamp. Nearly everybody wsb ont looking for me. Sea now how incanoistontly that lion aoted I He came ont ioto tho open gronnd and charged tbe party of over twenty men, although thoy had not disturbed him. Ho had rnn from me in hiB Burpriso, and now felt nnbamed of himself. Ho knooked over a rmtive as ha ohargod, bnt was then riddled with bullets and gave np the ghost. 