CHINA INLAND MISSION. LETTER FROM REV. J. SOUTHEY Han-choDEr-fu. China, 23/8/92. My dear friends—In beginning another letter let me first say bow deeply we all. thank God for tbe great blessing which He bn« bestowed on tho Churches in New , South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania. It did us good to read of the gloriously mnnifflctnil TiAtfAr nf tlio Spirit Ar Ond's dear people being so wonderfully quickened and blessed, and of so many foreigners and strangers, being brought into "the house- Bold of God." And our joy was deepened By knowing that tbe heathen wore going to Bo partakers of your benefit ; for the quick ening has not only brought an increase of .silver and gold into the Lord's treasury, But it has also, as we have read, placed precious lives at His feet to be used in His service amongst those who sit in dark ness, and in tho shadow of death. And now, as we rejoice with you in your joy, let me invite you to rejoice with us in ours, for wc, too, bare been greatly blessed. In Shanghai there has been a time of wonderful bless ing. Many of the Lord's children there, including several members of our own Mission, hare been enabled to testify of the Holy Ghost's indwelling and inwork- ing as they never havo before, and there' has .been such an ingathering from among the sailors in the war and other vessels there, and also from among the private residents of Shanghai, as has nercr been "known before. In less than a week TJfwabds of seventy Sailors of H.M.'s ships professed conversion ; and from' the human side all this was brought about by two or three of the Lord's chil dren being led to gather together to seek the indwelling of the Spirit, as God in tended His people to receive it, when He spared not His own Son, but delivered Him -up for us alL There was no confer ence, ,no special mission ; but the gathering of tlfe two or three under the guidance of tbe Lord . the Spirit ultimately resolved itself into large nightly gatherings to seek for the abiding Comforter in His Pentecos tal power. The blessings spread from Shanghai to many of our inland stations, and it came to far-away Han-Chong ; and I can testify very, very humbly that wo too have been blessed and quickened in-, deed. For all this may the Lord's holy name be praised. But sometimes when reading of the Lord's children the whole world over being so wonderfully blessed it makes tbe heart beat more quickly as wo ask. Can it possible that this latter- day outpouring of the Spirit upon tho Church is but the last preparation of the Bride — the Church — before the Bride groom returns to take her to Himself? Illness and Bfxoveby of Mbs. Soothet. And now, on the principle that it is Bardly fair to ask you to pray for us with out also asking you to praise with us, let me teUyou of the Lord's great goodness in raising up my dear wife from the very gate of death. In the month of February she was attacked by pneumonia, which at first seemed to be running quite an ordin ary course, but suddenly very . grave symptoms set in, the temperature sbot up close on 307 deg., there were strong con vulsions, and Dr. Wilson did not think that she could not live another two hours. After a while the convulsions ceased, but tbere was perfect unconsciousness, which again was followed by delirium ; and thus for three days there was alternately delirium and such utter prostration that from the human standpoint there was not tho faintest hope o! recovery. During tbe whole of this time Dr. Wilson did hot leave the house so that all that the best medical skill could do was done ; and be sides this, Miss Jones, who came up with ns as our escort, and who was still with us, was the most devoted and lender of nurses. But we all felt that this was a case in wbich, unless the Lord Himself interposed, medical skill and devoted nursing would Bo unavailing; and the Lord did interpose,. £nd little" by little tbe dangerous symptoms passed away, and to-day my dear wife is perfectly Truly wo thank the Lord for this marvellou s rebo very. . ... I can- jiofc refrain from speaking- of- . the prayerful sympathy which at 'that toying time wo received from the Chinese Christians ; they did indeed labour fcrvent- . ."ly in prayer for ns, not only at the regular prayer-meetings, bat-whenever two or three of them chanced to meet together they would .entreat the Lord forus. I was not, of course, able at that time to attend any of tbe meetings, but those who were tbere tell me that it was most touching to hear them plead with tho Lord for the sako of the children to raise up the mother, telling Him how sad it would be for three little children to be left motherless in a strange land. And tbeir prayer was the prayer of faith, for at a time when we had almost ceased to pray— not because wc doubted tbe power and love of God, but because wo were fully persuaded that it was His will to call the patient to Himself — they could not and would not believe that she would die, but were fully persuaded that she would be raised up. The English Doctob. On looking at my. last letter, I see that I promised a description of Han — Chong and tbe work there, and this letter is really in redemption sf that promise T.ilrn fill nhiriflsf TTnn-ffiinncr is fmir square, each side of the city being as nearly .as possible an English mile. It is one of the oldest of: our far inland stations, hav ing been opened by Mr. King about four teen years ago. The officials and people have always been fairly friendly, and al though there have been times of trouble, there has never been anything approach ing to a riot.' We have now three houses here, and there altogether about one hundred and twenty baptised Christians. Numbers havo passed into the presence of the King, leaving in some case9 a singularly bright testimony behind them, and there are at present a fair number of inquirers. Possibly tho friendly feeling has been to a large ex'ent brought about by the medical work which has been done here, for Mr. King, who was far above tbe average of amateur doctors, did a little medical work, while since Dr. Wilson has been here medical work on an extensive scale has been carried on. Dr. Wilson's reputation has spread far and wide. He has bad several patients in the Ya mens in this city, and officials from distant cities havo sent and begged bim to go and pre scribe for tbeir sick. Hence, on going to tlio Doctor's house, which i outside the city, the first thing that strikes & stranger is the number of large oblong WOODEN TABLETS covered with Chinese characters which are hanging up wherever there is vacant space to put them. These have all been presented to the doctor by grateful patients who have received benefits at his hands. As a rule thoso tablets have four or five large-sized characters in the centre, and these charac ters being in Wen-li, or classical Chinese, convey as much to those who can read and understand them as twenty English words would do. But - these arc few and fur be tween, for although every one of the characters may be known, yet what tbey mean in combination is quite another matter. -Like all other classical Chinese, it has to be translated into tho colloquial before tbe average Chinaman can under stand it. Were a Chinese scholar to read out these inscriptions just character for character as they stand, the average China man would have very little more idea of their meaning than a Mouth Sea Islander : but, as I have already said, the Chinese scholar, when reading classical writings for the benefit of his less educated country men, translates -into the culloquiai as he goes along that which tbe combination of characters conveys to his mind. But be sides these largo characters there are on "each tablet a number of smaller characters which arc written in the ordinary colloquial so that any Ubinamau who knows charac ters— -and there are a good sprinkling who know a fair number of characters without understanding the Wen-ii — xnn unders! and them. The small characters tell by wloin aod to whom the tablet was presented, the date of its presentation, and. tho special service for which it was presented. Passing into the public part of the Doctor's house, wo first of all find our selves in the preaching-hall, which is hang round with pictures, drawn by native artists, representing the parable of the prodigal 'son. the' first three verses of tho fortieth Psalm, the evils of opium-smoking Ac. A door from this hall leads into the large and admjbably-fitted-dp dispensary, in which one could quite easily imagine oneself in an English chemist's shop. Every morning in the week, except Sunday, the doctor preaches in the preaching-hall, while Sic-ta-ko, tho native: assistant, a bright Christian, who has received his medical training from the Doctor, attends to -the patients, culling in the Doctor when ' ever a case presents itself which is beyond his skill. ' In this way numbers hear the Gospel of the grace of God, and although 'it is sometimes difficult to trace a conver sion up ; to. its . first beginning, yet, there is ho doubt that in many cases the starting Soint; of the Christian 'life has been the earing of ' the - Gd'spelin this preaching- hall. ' This' particular form of work, ; like all Christian work in China, has its special difficulties, which ariso from the'peculiar- itics of the Chinese themselves. . To begin' .with, the Chinese have /tho power.; of apparently, listening most attentively to what j is . being 4 said, whfie ih'reality they do- hot attend toaDgle'word. ' They .will dtare 'fixedly "at J the 'speaker,! as if eveiy faculty was concentrated on catching his meaning, while in reality they are entirely! absorbed in the colonrof bis eyesrthe-trim of bis beard, or some other equally inter esting subject: and it is just a little dis-, appointing after, stimulated by the apparent earnestness of the listener, pouring out one's soul in exhortation, to find that not a single word has been even listened to. And then there is tho fact that they can not beiicvo that wo really wish to benefit them. (To be continued). 