THE COLLIERIES AlEALGrA MATION. :£0T THlE EDITOR. .Sir,?9 Your c6rrespondont " On looker " asks -Are cight years insu-l cient to iprove the profitableness or otherwise of a coal mine with coal at 1 Is and l0s .all the time ?-Answer: No,; with careful management. What success has attended Burwood ini theiway of dividends during that time ?-Answer: As much afs 12 per cent. Why. hav shai.es fallen from 38s to sellers, at 8s? Is this bcause the mine is so valuablo ? Answer: Why have Wallsend shares fallen from £54 to £28 ? Is this be cause the; mine is less valuable ? Depression is everywhere-and "every child knows why. How has the mine been woiked underground heretofore ? and if de fective, can such defects be remedied . If so, at whatcost ? Answer : With some unimportant defects, which have been reniedied, under the direction of Professor Benton, .at no very great cost. A lIrge cost was incurred in com pleting the second pit, and thoroughly developing the mine, which ab sorbed the profits for some time; but the colliery is now fully developed, having an unworked field of unsur passed coal, and capable of executing orders to any extent. A large charge for way-leave over the Newcastle Co.'s line will be saved, thereby increasing the profits of the on- company and diminishing those of the other. " On looker ".has a hunger for "dividends," an aversion to " calls." Very natural; and very natural too, if he should de sire the condemnation of the Tr[ust on its present proposed basis, for it is only by the inclusion of such splendid properties as the Burwood pits (fully developed and equipped) at less than half their real value, that any shareholders will stand the ghost of a chance in re ceiving back a "dividend" from this conglomerate Trust. If Newcastle is worth £216A,00 (£40,000 cash) and Iedhoacd £180,000 (£32,4 )O cash) to tha Trust, it is an insult to 9the intelli. gonco of Burwood share tolders to valuo their first-class colliolo'is atonly £90,000, inclusive of the 1 >altry sua of £16,200 cash.-I am, &c; ., TIIOS. I LOYj, 