Misoejianeous Items. Ar elegnntly-eonstruoted sedan chair, used; by Queen Henrietta, consort of Coasles I[., after lying as no mueb lumber in the Lord Chamberlain's stores for 250 years, has bean. restored, and placed in the Vandyhe~room at Wiods ,r Csette. Tu~e Roe'. George Martin writes to the S.M. flrereld :-" is eheerving the planet Venus thee (rhuroday) evening just after sunset, with S4le. (irob equatorial, I one surprised to fled a comet in the came telescopic hield with the planet. I thought at first that it must he ghost, or some flaw in the glass ; but on turning the telescope en to the dooble' star Astares I found things nil right, and the little onmpabion tuthe star quise diatioct. On. re-observieg the planet with various powers the ocomet was £ floe object. ]is relation to the ptanet the nucleus was seuth, following, and. toe tail spread out in a fan.like curve, in port ?envloping the planet hut is unowise detrnotiog. from ice brilliancy. For a few moments to the naked eye the planet was involved inna distiunct nehelosnsy, though non clouds were in the shy ne ar the planet.' Wn were informed by cable recently that, in noooeeqosnce ef the off~ooive nature of a" oar cature which had nppearod in the Loeaden Pondst, the anther ef it, Mr. Hurry Puroeoe, was assaulted in the inner lobby of the ilese. of Commons by Hr. M'Neill, them- sobmer openr wham it reflected. T~hed At lrealde8 oar-! respondent, in his lust letter, thus rofere to the: onepieseset incidento:-Is default of mare ruoint ing political matter, the newspapesr hove been interesting themecireo io the equabble which has_ takes, place between Mr, MN'?eill, one of;j the Irish memhere, and Mr. Harry Dermise, the well-known caricaturist. Mr, M'Neill is eupposed to run Sir R~ichard Temple bard for the distinction of baing the ughzeec man in the Boone of Commons. hut, thke Sir t~iehert,. he is thie soul eat geniality* sad good: feeling, to which is added a very streng etruin of Irish eooitnhility, Both ronvuaere, by ohs way, are sohelarly and cultivated wee, t?onogh Sir Fichard Temploecornate and fleery peerleo wuahd reveal this to the listener soouer tin', M r. hl'Neill'e helter~ekelter oratory. PeaceS hen reoqnentty enough caricatured the mew. bee i-er Sooth Donegal, but laset week it went, an I think everybody admits, alittle too far in representing Mr. M'Nnill with on exaggerated baboon faoe, giving a? sort of brutal effect to the eutraordinary row of teeth which adore loin upper jaw. I helievs that even Mr. Purni e h inselt admits that he went quite fareaoug'e. R'oeweer thisemay he, Mr. M'Naell meeting the caricaturist en the inuer lobby, where he- was hontissq for moaterial for his sketches, proceeded to "abuse him? roundly, and finished op by prodding him in the body and telhiog hem to consider himself nesaulted. Thneoight was a fanny one for the few onloukere. Hr. Paroles, shoet, ntoot, sod plac~d, stood with hie legs e pore, while the long torso ot the excited Hr. ld'Neill daoced oilily round him after the faeshion ofa priest rnodl aso idol. It would he a nice question inna regular bout which of the two would get the better of the conflict, though the betting oppears to have been us? Mr. Foruses, why, tbough short, is sturdy and muscular. However, there was no roesot to actual flitoufise, as hMr. M'Neill was, so onl 'peek, in hie own houses, while Mr. Furnisa was in a pines to which he bad access only by prii-l. legse. This constituted the eerieos part of the a~ssalt t taut Mr. M'Nqeill has assured me sinus, nod l am certain that he is to be believed, tatel if he had thought nf this for a moment he would have waited until he "could have get Mr. tForniss ootside,`' However, it was pro bably all for the hoet as both puetiea are now relentig. anod long hefore this letter reoches you they masy have fallen on eachnother's neche sod mutually implored forgi'ven?ese. "W?Anecac, half-a.doconu trat clean. bent arde !" Thinsisothe latent demand of the in. gonions and Inoxhnaustibte Mr. W, T. Steed, who expla~ins to~tha world throoghthe columns of the Doily/ Ceonlgrdz that he is annious to pot to the tcst one of the latest of the ma~ny "'drink oures' with whint philanuthropists and qoacks are afflicting the world. Mr. Steand ones neat guaranutee isal "drink ocre," and he explan~is that ltois not the "gold sore," and doom not oost half as muoh ;that it duoes not eomsist in a.ny ipjection iota) the tixod. &no; lBnt the new ocre is myntix wonderfol I A "first.olass dradhard" hum only no absocrb '*a email dome" every two or three boors, and for the epace of two or three days. and he wilt undergo the most surprisin iojhunge, moiral and physical. Toe happy patient will, an brief. become drink-pcoof. Thcre will he sot op in bis palate much a9 physical loathing xl the tastes or smell of alnohol tha~t 1i unaones he should uwalUow a spoon. fId ol jolly ,in the making of which eherry or bra~ndy has been uead Inhe bcomea violently snik on the spot." The diacorerer of of thios new "drink nero" is so enthuiostiaci thzat, given halli'a.dozxen ll'',eoloae drunkards to he abooeiononted upon, "a! in a mooch they do not loseeall taste Inc deiak, and if in thr,. mocntha they ace not so aloohol~peoof an to Ion eapable of swimmIng in whisky without tmitn?n tdrop," hae iswilling that judgment ehould be given against him, Mr. Stead espla~ins that be "'dons not wont a.ny of" yeor middling kind Of inehriates, who are only a mild noisnooseto themselve's end 'a. modlerate daagruae to their families. I want some' coati~rmed. bopelers gin-sodden dipsoma~nians, if poanib's the aonte or daughters of dipsomasiaos, in whose blood there as the hereditary taint! of the alcohol reeve, and who have spent their lives is a, more or lees ohronic tstat of alcoholiem," Upon anch despera~te'oa~ses as these this patent. "drinzk ours" is to be tried, and the moat shining results ars 'proomierod. -Afollmouroe Aryss. OLOOZ onf£1O,OOO has been ex~pended by theflovernment of thiecolony (vemarke thle Melbourne Ago) in enagging the river Murray, end rendering it aveiluble for nerigution along tho boondary of the colony at low water. Though_ New South SWalee elaims to eserciee j oriedic tion on both banka of the atreum-- the. logical inference from which would be that Victoria in currying on thie enag giog work hue been a treopoeser--tho: eiutor colooy hue not contributed a frac? tion towardo the coot of the work. The receon is not fur to secer, of cosroc, ha cauee New South WValca regurdo in any thing hot a friendly spirit the work of' making the Murray nacigoble, the elfioct. of which io tU divert the much-prized Riverena trade fern her own ruaiway linees to thaose of Victoriu. The enaggieg work hauu now been curried to an, advanced etage, and the nveeeaii' for re, trenchbrent in public expenditure will, leod to the operations being considerubly reduced heuceforwurd. Indeed, elmilar work on the variooe rivers within the colony will for thoesame reaeon be chor~tly brought to a atundstill. The Snowy Priver hue been freed from obetrnct:eose, eng that water-borne mechoodlee is now trunehipped from aehooners at Maclow, on the north-eastern eshorao of Gippoland Lakes, into smaller craft;, which are towed up the river by atocamers to the? township of Orhoet. 'h.f Tarwin R~iver bee been soagged over almect the whole length between ito mouth and the point where it ie crossed by the Great Southern Railway. In this cuse the object soaght, to be gained ic not en much to provide for the eavigation of the river as to per mit of the free flow of flood water;, and so reduce thu danger of inonduting the low-lyiog laudeeon each aide of the rirer. 