T POPPY" LAND. . ! AS IT WAS AND AS IT IS. | Tjrnj HAT a fool t you were ever to let human being ir? the sedret t your beloved Cromer. Why could you nit let it alone? Whv on earth did yon n< keep it to yourself ?" These are the jeeririJ and taunting remarks that are hnrled everw summer at my offending bead. Instead o| being a benefactor to the human race! instead of being allowed to pride myself on my own unselfishness, I am, I regret to eay| looked upon as a tainted or suspected person. " Look here, old fellow, I have M delightful little place of .my own down! iu the country," observed a friend toe othed day, " and £ should like to ask you dowia very much to stay with me as long as vo J like, but — well — will you promise me on your oath you will not write about it ? fori honestly, I do want to keep it to myself, and to give the slip to the tripper." Quite ten long .years ago I first made the acquaintance of Cromer, and it was then the quietest rind, I believe, the most romantic seaside nook iu England. It had no great hotels, no piers, no bathing machines, and no bands. Bands were good enough for as then : our batoipgi machines were the clefts in tlii cliffs, our music came from wandering I musicians. I walked onfc before dinner, and saw the sun ' sink Runton' way a solitary pilgrim. If eyer wakeful at three o'clock in the morning, I could have seen.l the sun rise over by the Lighthouse Cliff, standing on the turf that I suggested— entirely to1 myself —would, be admirable for golf. The green landscape was not then starred with tod-brick viltto. The poppies had it all their own way. One morning, li wandered aimlessly over th'iB soft, turfy cliff, and found myself in toe most romahtie 1 of Norfolk villages. I leaned over a white Kate, and looked enviously into a rose garden. I broke one of the Commandments. I envied my neighbour's house, and he, the miller of Sidestrand, repaid my ingratitude by making me his friend for life. And (here I dwelt, under .the shadow of toe old mill, and' here I discovered the Garden of Bleep, and' here 1 became acquainted with tbefishermeto aDd the villagers, and here I have lived o? and off, spring, summer, autumn; and winter, up to this very 'hour. , For I am writing' these lines in the very room, at toe same table, , and sitting on' the same chair,, as when, in that rash but generous moment, - I despatched the first of toe "Poppyland Papers " .to the Daily Telegraph, and sag-, gested there were joys to be found in sum mer holidays outside fashion, and dress, amf promenade, and society, at the seaside. But there are other sinners besides-' myself. It is not fair to make . me alone bear tbe burden of this crime of Dublhribv. Scarcely was the ink dry that printed.: I " Poppyland," in the largest circulation in I the worldj ere George R. Simms arrived to" I advertise the glories of the Cromer district1. 1 in ,his "Dagonet" column in the world- 1 known Referee. Here, at toe table;"! where I write, sitting in my chair, and; I dipping . his pen - into the inkstand- I presented to me one Christmas by tho' I villagers of Sidestrand, , the excellent I "Dagonet" exchanged sentiment for his 1 own delightful humour. ' He laughed, ha I chaffed,.and made the place notorious. He I drove the predecessor of " Faust " abont toe 1 Norfolk lanes, and lost his way at nightfalL I But the genial Sims loves good ' company. , 1 He opened toe stage door and lit the theatre- 1 at Poppyland. Here he , jtirought - Wilson 1 Barrett to write plays ; here be conducted poof Robert Reece to breathe some fresh air J once more when he' was in extremist j here came Henry Petti fcfc to collaborate with " George Simins in the old mill garden. The . profession; once tempted, .poured into H Poppyland: Beerbohm Tree dreamed oi | Hamlet in toe Old Mill- House, and actually: studied this Prince of Denmark in a secluded I arbour at "Northrepps." George Alexander is well known at Runton and Sberririghairi.. _ Hermann Vezin loves to bathe. .off Over- . j strand beach. ' Ah ! me, but I forget. This old table at which I write is far more : famous than ."any of; yon imagine.' Here, Algernon Charles Swinburne ; wrote ' A 'Midsummer Holiday," whilst his friend,- Theodore .. Walts, _ composed - sonnets in toe blue china dining-room. Plays, poems, esteys, stories/ leaders, descriptive, papers, have all been written, in this sunny; little room, dear fo me hy many a delightful memory. And it is ten fyears ago sinoa j Louie opened the white gate to me, aud said ' - , that toe traveller might rest. Only two seconds ago the faithful Louie opened the ' door to just such another traveller, and assured him that- there was not a bed to be had ior love or money between Sh"rringhanr and Mundesley. , Well, what- do yori think ! They have, built a Grand Hotel, and are designing a . .new and splendid Pier that is to have . . kiosqnes and shops, and a theatre arid danc ing platform at he end. Thereatte bands of! - music -all over the place. There are ris many ; as atSeatoorongh. The primitive little. Cromgr of old is fringed round with searle--' houses. Poets, like Mr. Sampson-Locker, s. and politicians, snch- as Mr. Broadhurst, , . Mr. Cyril Flowcri and? Mr. John Morley, make Poppyland their borne. The golf_ links that I dreamed about on the Ligbt- house Cbff sre an accomplished lack Tbe- sands swarm with -tents : and tennis-nets. Overstraod, that was once a hamlet, of bumble fishermen's cottages, is a red town- . let of KungalowB . and villas.' The silent- . lanes, trodden so few years ago alone by toe husbandman, fisher, and postman echo with toe shouts of excursionists., and holiday- makers. Omnibuses, char- a-bancs, waggon ettes, donkey-chaises, go in one continual stream all-day between i Cromer and Trim-, ingfaam. , The old mill opposite my cottage, has dropped its arms in horror at the change. It has tabled down and given . np tbe ghost. The Garden of Sleep has been bo trampled upon by ' visitors that it has fallen half-down into the sea. From morning until night excursionists, gaze into our rose garden, lean over my .white gateand babble continuously, . " Poppyland ! Poppyland 2" Nay, they do . more-rtoey ent- laughingly, and demand relicsof Dagonet, Swinburne, Pettitt, Beer- . bohm Tree, and Wilson Barrett. /They offer bribes for Swinbnrne's sties and Dagoneb's pipe.- They have been known— , enthnsiasticladies these — to ask if they might sit in the chair of the author of 1 ftippy- land Papers," and to handle his pen. Pretty > dears ! So, afterall, was it wholly wrong to open to'lhe .world the gates that led to Poppyland ? Some one else must decide that question. May they all be ac happy toere as I have been. Deo Gratias implement Scott in The Idler. ' 