7: THE &3ATIIHALIST. THE CHOSTS OF THE TROPICAL FOREST. Fcrhnps tlio rarost, certainly the least known to man of all the orentarca which, by a strange chance, find their way to the gardens of the Lon don Zoological Society in Regent's Park, are the denizens of the tropical forest. We Bay forest, beoause, though divided by the dissociable ocean, there is only 0110 great forest which belts the globe. . The notion of the physical symmetry of tlio world, which fascinated the old geographers; and led Herodotus to surmise lliat the course of the great rivor of Africa must cf necessity oonform in the main to that of the Danube in the opposite continent, was wrong in theory and application. < But shifting the guiding furces from the control of original and plastic design to the iu&uence; of the- dominant sun, tho theory still holds good ; and while the tropical heats remain constant and undisturbed,; so must the tropical forest flourish and. endure, with its inseparable concomitants of vegetable growth overpowering and rcplaoingthe marvel-' lous rapidity of vegetable decay. To thenaturalist, the most marked feature of the great tropical forest south of the equator is the inequality in the baianco of nature between vegetable and animal life. From the forests of Brazil to the forests of the Congo, through the wooded heights of northern Madagascar to the tangled jungles of the Asiatic Arohipclago and the impenetrable woods of Now Guinea, tho boundless profusion of vegotiible growth is unmatobed by nny similar abundanco in animal forms. A few brilliant birds of strange shape and matchless plumage such ns the toucans of Guinea and the Amazon, or (ho birds of paradise in tho Moluccas or the Papuan Archipelago, linnnt the loftiest trees, and from time to time fall victims to the blow pipe or arrow of tho natives, who scarcely daro to penetrate that foodleBs region, oven for such ttnlt audita, imtil illflnntntinn nml Bitprifiun linvn propitiated tho offended spirits of tlio woods; bat except the sloth and' the giant ant cater, tkcro is hardly to ha found in the tropical legions of the New World a quadruped which can excite the curiosity of tho naturalist, or form food even for the wildest of mankind. In the corresponding tracis ot Africa and the /isialio Aicliipelago, tho rare four-footed animals that livo ill tho solitary forests' are, for tho most pnrt, creatures of tho night. Unlike, the lively squirrels nnd martin cats of temperate regions, they do not leave their hiding places till the tropical dark ness has fallen 011 the 'forest, when they seek their fond, not 011 the surface of the ground, but, imitating the birds, ascend to the upper surfnee of the ocean of trees, and at tho first approach of dawn seek refugo from the hateful day in tile dark recesses of soma aged and hollow trunk. There is nothing like thcloris or tho lemur in the fauna of temperate Europe. Wo may rather compare them to a race of arboreal moles, tlio condition of whoso liio is dai(riicss nnd invisibility. But, unlike the mules, the smaller members of tlicso rarely seen tribes are among tile most beautiful and inter esting creatures of the tropics, though the cxtremu dilliculty of capturing creatures whose whole life is spent 011 the loftiest forest trees is further increased by tho reluctance of 'tho nativos to enter the deserted anil pathless forests. 'The beautiful lemurs, most of which nro found in Mndngatcnr, aro further believed by the Malagas! to embody the spiiitsof their ancestors ; nnd tho woird nnd plnintivo erics witli which they (ill tlio graves at night, uttered by creatures wlieso bodies, as they cling to the branches, nro invisible, and whose delicate movements nro lioisolcss, may well have left a doubt 011 the minds of tho first discoverers of the island na to whether theso wero not in truth tlio cries and waitings of truo lemurcs — the unquiet ghosts of the departed. Several of the larger lemurs are to be found at the "Zoo," nnd though these suffer bo much if llllllttiv l'nnvi>ll In fl«n lirrhf llinf. Ithf/tM lent they lose their, sight, ilicy may occasionally bo seen in their cagex. Others, the rarest ami most ilclicato. members of the race, arc so entirely creatures uf darkness t hat thuir cxposuro to (lay- light seems to benumb all their faculties They appear drugged and -stupefied, and, though cap able -of moremont, scorn indisposed either to attempt escape when bandied, arto move in any other direction than that of shelter from tlio odious day Even food U refused before night fall, and, unlike tho epicure's ortolans, which Rwatccnnd feed in a darkened room whenever the royH of a lamp suggest the sunrise, the lemur, only consumcs its menlof fruit and insects when nightfall lias aroused- its drowsy wits. These midnight habits clearly unfit it for public' exhibition at tlic "Zoo" ; and tho last and rarest of tlio. tribe which have arrlvcd in London cccupy a private room adjacent to tho monkey palace, in common with other lemurs and loria, and a few of the most delicate marmosets and tropical monkeys which liavo escaped tho rigors of an. English winter Ono large cage, which, in tpite of the label Coqucrel's Lemur placed upon it, seemed at the time of our last visit to contain nothing hut a pile of bay, is the dwell ing place of these latest guests. After displacing loyer after layer of tho hay, the two sleeping beauties wero discovered lying in a ball, each with lis long furry tail wrapped round tho other, w 'tho deepest ami most unooueoious repose. When nt ln-st tho two wore separated, and tho least reluotant was taken in the hand, the ex- trcmo beauty of tlio little "ghost" was At once apparent. In color, it is a rich ciunamou, fading to lavender beneath. Iho texturo of the fur is liko nothing but that of the finest and best finished seai skin jacket, only far deeper and closer, so that the hand sinks into it as into n bed of moss. j he head is large and most intelligent, the face being set with a pair of veiy largo round liozol eyes, in which tho lines of the orbit seem not to indiato from tho centre, but to be arranged in circles, Uko tho layers of growth in tho section of ntree. The long tail is nt the base almost as vriuo ns the body, tapering to a point and covered with deep fur. But the greatest beauty of form which the lemur owns is tho shape of its hands and feet. These exquisito little members are so far on exact reproduction of tho human hand that not only tho hands, hut also the feet, . own a fully developed thumb. But each finger, as well as tho thumb, expands at the root into a tiny dire, as in certain tree frogs, 90 that tho little hands may cling to tho trco with tho tightness of nn air pump. It is plain, as the half sleeping lemur olhnbs ovor tho arms and shoulders of its visitor, that It takes himfqr.ft troe. Tlie little arms are stretched wido apart, tho thumbs and fingers nro .spread and -grasp each, fold of tho coat with the anxious core of ono who thinks that a slip will cauxo a' fall of a hundred feet, and tho snft hndy and tail half envelop the limb down whioh they nre descending, -fitting to the surfaco liKO some wariu enveloping, boa. As soon as it leaches ilie- hay pUe in .the cage tlio lemur instantly bnrrowp, its long tail vanishing like a snake, and in a minuto it is once more asleep and unconscious of tho world. A near relation of tho lemurs is a beautiful little crcnturo whoso uncouth native name has not yet been replaced, called the "Moholi," It only differs from the lemurs iu tho shape of the cars, which in the Moholi arc either pricked up, liko -those of a: bat, or folded down on its head at wilL It has tho same wonderful brown eyes, so large nnd round that they seem to occupy tho greater part of the face ; the Moholi is, in fact, "all eyes." As it stretches its slender arms out wide against the keeper's chest nnd turns its boad to look at the visitors, it Iiqb the most whining expression of any quadruped wc liavo seen. .The coat, of a pinkish grey above, turnsinto light saffron yellow beneath, and the texturo ib less deep than that of the lemur's fur. In touch it rosemblcs floss silk, thickly piled. The "Slow Loris" from Malacca is a tailless lemur In exchange it has received a -fretful temper, which seems a permanent trait in this species. # When wakened it growls, bites and fights until allowed once moro to sleep in peace. This loris hardly falls short of the. beauty of tho lemurs, ' The fur is cream colored, with a cinnamon stripe running from the head dowo the back. Of tho throe' species, which wo have described tho first seems to com bine Bomo of the characteristics of tho monkey and- tlio mole, (lie second of the squirrel and the bat, the last those of the monkey and the weasel tribe. Tho "Slender Loris" Ib a still greater puzzle. It has all tho characteristic " points" of the lemurs, without tho tail. In size it resembles a squirrel; but its movements aro so strange aud deliberate, and so unlikothoso. of any other quadruped, that itseems impossible to guess either at its habits or its pnrposo in oreation. Each hand or foot is slowly raised from the branch on which it rents, brought for ward, and replaced ; the fingers then close on the wood until its grasp is secure, when the other limbs begin to move, like those of a mechanical toy. As wo looked, its "affinities" with other types presently suggested themselves. It is a furry coated chameleon. The round, pro truding eyes, the slow mechanical movements, nnd the insect feeding habits are identical, except that the lcris hunts by night and tho chameleon by day. It even possesses a second or auxiliary tongue, which aids it in catching flies, just as the development of tho same member marks tho insect catching lizard.— Spectator. 