THE MISSING COAT. I never told anybody how very, very near I was to death that night, just a year ago; but as I can now look back and calmly recall each thought, each word, each act, I will write it down as a warning to all who may find them CO11TA2 Cinill41*W mvi-liivia4--i njtarl li/inin/y with all my heart, that the number may be few. In the first plac°3 my name is Frederick Putnam. I am, and have been for the last ten years, the fore man and bookkeeper of the large lumbering establishment of William Winston and Co., and hope to be for another decade, unless something bet ter turns np. Mr Winston is the resident partner and manager of the manufacturing part of the business. The other members of the firm, of whom there are two, live in the city, at the foot of the lake, and attend to the sales of lumber, which we send them by vessel. This is by far the largest share of ?what the mill cuts, though the amount of our sales directly from the mill to pupplv the country to the west of us is quite large. Well, one cold evening, just as I was preparing for home, I heard foot steps on the crunching snow outside, and presently the office door flew open, as though someone in haste had given it a push, admitting a tall, stout, well dressed man, with a small travelling bag in one hand and a shawl thrown over his arm. I was alone, Mr Winston having gone to the house some half-an-hour before, locking the safe, in which we kept our books ana papers, and taking the key with him as usual. I had already closed the damper to the 6tove, put on my overcoat, and was just in the act of turning down the lamp — but, of course, I waited. 'Good evening, sir,' said the man, bustling up to the stove, and kicking the damper open with his foot. '? lias Winston gone to the house ?' I answered that he had. ' Whew I I waB- afraid of it.' He drew out his watch — a very fiue one, I thought. ' I shall not have time to go up,' he said. ' The train is due in fifteen minutes.' '' Is there anything I can do !' I asked. -_JL' I wanted to leave some money with Winston. I intended to stop in~ town a day or two, but T have just got a despatch that calls me home.' 'What flame, sir?' ' Anderson, of Andersonville.' I knew him then, though I had seen him but once botore. He had been one of our best west customers. I say had been for the reason that during the past year his payments had not been so prompt. Iu fact he was con siderably behind, and Winston had told me that very day to write to him, and 'punch him a little/' as he expressed it The letter was then in the breast pocket of my overcoat, 'You can leave the money with me sir, and I will give you.a receipt. , He seemed to hesitate which nettled tne-eOmenhat. I never blamed any body, since, however. ' How much is my lull ?' he asked, eyeing me sharply. I answered promptly, for I had struck the balance not more than half . an hour before. .... ,. .; ' Eleven thousand seven hundred and 'fifty dollars and twenty-three cent' ; '-Humph ! Less than I supposed. Write me out a receipt for that amount. ' -' ? He left the stove and came and looked over my shoulder while I , wrote.- ...... ?lltiis all right, Mr Putnam. I ^ know, you '^now, ' You have heen with Winston a long time. I can tell your signature anywhere.' He drew from an inside pocket a. large black wallet, Very rpurid and fullj: and counting out eleven different piles of bank notes, fae told me to count theiru T -It was a short and ea«y task, for'^achpfle contained just 100 bills. -' The balance was in fives, ,tens and twenties, and took more time to couno' theinj but at last we got it so that both Tvere satisfied. At this moment we heard the whistle from the station. Anderson sprang for his travelling bag, and giving me a hearty hand-shake was off on the run. I closed the door and counted the money again. Finding it all I wrapped a piece of newspaper around it- and slipped in my over coat pocket. I did not feel quite easy to have so much money about me, but as WinsJon's house was at least a mile distant, I concluded to beep it until morning, when I could deposit it in the bank. I closed the damper aa;ain, drew on Sny gloves took the office key from the nail just over the door, and stepped up to put out the light. As 1 did so, I saw. a bit of paper on the floor, which on picking up I saw 'was the receipt I ?wrote for : Mr Anderson. He had dropped it in bis hurry. I put it in ; my pocket, and thought no more about iit; only that I would mail it to him. '? ? 1 ? would have done it then, but us the last mail for that day had gone out on train which took Mr Anderson, I could ?- do it just as well in the -morning. - Then,, too, I was in something of a hurry that night, for I had an appoint ment ; and I/may as well state here that it was with a yeung lady who I hoped would be my wife before many months. I hastened to my boarding-house, ) ate my supper, and then went over to j Mr Warner's, wearing the coat with } the money in it, as I did not feel easy at out leaving it in my room. Carrie was at home, of course, as she was ex pecting me, and leaving my hat and coat in the hall, I went into the par lour. I do not think a repetition of our conversation would be very inter esting, so I will pass it over, merely remarking that nothing occurred to disturb me,uncil 1 rose to take my leave. Carrie went into the hall for my coat and hat, that I might put them on by the warm fire ; but she came back with only my hat. K Why, Fred, you certainly did not venture out on such a night as this without an overcoat?' ' No coat !' I exclaimed, in a dazed sort of way; for the thought of the money flashed upon me so suddenly that it almost stunned me. That moment I tore past her like a madman, as I was. The coat was gone ! Then I was unnerved. I grasped at the stair-rail, and caught it just in time to support myself. Carrie came running out her face pale with alarm. *' Oh, Fred ! are you ill ? Let me call mother and the doctor J You are a« white as a sheet.' ' No, no, Carrie I' I entreated. ' There I am better now.' And I was better. I was strong, all at once — desperately strong. And what brought about this change ? That simple receipt which I 'had in my pocket. Anderson had nothing lo show that the money had been paid ; and was not my unaided word as good as his?. I was foolish enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident and quiet easy at once. ' There, Carrie, I am much better now. The room was too warm, I gues.=. So some sneaking thief has dodged in and stolen my coat? Well,, let it go. It was an old one, and now I'll have a better one. ' But there was nothing in tbe pockets ?'' asked Came. It is strange how suspicious guilt will make us. I really thought Carrie ' suspected me, and an angry reply was on the end of my tongue. I sup pressed it, however, and uttered a falsehood instead. ' Nothing of consequence, Carrie. A good pair of gloves and some other trifling notions.' 'I am glad it was not worse. Fred. Now, if you wait a moment, I will get you one of father's coats to wear home/' Thus equipped, I -left her. You may guess that my slumbers that night were not very sound, nor very refreshing. I never passed a more miserable night, and in the morning my haggard looks were the subject of remark. 'Why, Fred, you look as though you met a legion of ghosts last night,' said Winston. ' What is the matter.' ' I had a bad night of it,' I an swered, with a sickly smile. 'And you'll have another if you're not careful ; you had bptter keep quiet to-day. - By the way did you write to Anderson?' I do ftot know-how I managed to reply, for the question set me shiver ing from head to foot, and I was so weak I could scarcely tit in my chair. I mus|gp|jave answered in the affirma 1ij3|gpl5rt3ver, for he said : — HPxhen we may look for something from him to morrow or next day.' Immediately afterwards he added:— » 'Why, Fred; you shiver as though you had the ague, -and you are- Sweating like a butcher! You're ill, man. Come, jump into my trap, and I'll take you home.' . I was glad of the chance to getaway and on reaching my room I locked my self in. Ah ! those were terrible hours that I passed, and night coming on brought me no relief. Can you not guess what I -was meditating ? Coward that I was I had at last resolved on selfdestruc tion. I commenced my preparation with the same calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the most common transaction. 1 wrote a short explanation for Carrie, another for Mr Winston, a third for my poor mother, and I sealed thsin all. In a fourth envelope I enclosed the receipt i to Mr Anderson. All this accomplished I went to my secretaire and took out the weapon of death. It was simply a re volver, small and insignificant enough in appearance, but all-sufficient. Having examined the cartridges to make sure that there would be ; no failure, T sat down before the fire, and lifting the revolver, I placed its cold muzzle against my forehead. In another second I should . have been lifeless ; but just as my finger began to press the trigger, there came a tap at the door. It startled me, and hastily concealing my .weapon I called out that I could admit no one. 'Not me, Fred?' ; I knew Carrie't voice and a yearn ing to look on her loved face got ithe mastery of me. Quietly slipping thn tell-tale letters which I had left on the table, into my pocket, I openedthedoor.j 'Oh, Fred, you are re»lly ill!' exclaimed Carrie the moment the light fell upon my face. 'Why did you not send for me? Aren't you better?.' ' Worse,' I answered huskily ; but Carrie — good heavens!' ; As I uttsred this exclamalion I started back, and then forward ; and then — I scarcely know what, for hang ing across Carrie's arm was my over coat 1 Recovering from my astonish ment, I drew out eleven thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars iand twenty-three cents. You have heard about and perhaps seen, the singular capers of a madman, or the wild antics of those craved with rum, or the grotesque dancing of savages. Well, judging from what Carrie told me and from the appear ance of my apartment after it was over, I am lei to believe tbaV wer^ & possible to concentrate the three above mentioned species of demons into one, I was possessed thereby. But I cooled down after a while, and just in time to save Carrie's head a thump from the chair which I had selected in my crazy waltz. Then I asked for an fcxplanalion. It was the simplest thing imaginable. I do not know why I had not thought of it before. It was simply a blunder of Carrie's father. ,He had mistaken my coat for his own, arid wore it down town, never dreaming that a small fortune was lying idlyin tlie pocket. I sent Mr Anderson his receipt, handed over the money to Mr Winston and went right on with' my duties, a wiser and, I hope, a better man. ' 