LINK BY LINK. 'I am not a marrying man,' he answers, evasively, and leaves the room as quickly as he came. It is later. Miladi sleeps, the prospect of approaching bereavement fails to disturb the repose which is essential for the recruiting of her faded charms. Sir Marmaduke tosses wakefully, and Crimp who attends him now by night as well as by day, is not allowed to dwell too con- tinuously upon his inamorata's cruelty and disdain. 'I will have fresh pillows, these might be stuffed with bullets,' cries the sick man, at last irritably. 'Crimp, fetch me some from somewhere.' The violet considers how he shall execute the behest, seeing that the small hours of the morning have arrived, and that long since the housekeeper retired to her virtuous couch. 'There are soft pillows in my lady's bou- doir,' he thinks at length. He throws on some clothes, and taking a small lamp in his hand departs upon his quest. A puff of wind extinguishes the light ere he is half way up the stairs, but he could find his way if need were through the dark- ness that might be felt in a house he knows so well. He goes softly along the gallery at the top of the stairs, possesses himself of the pillows, and returns. But as he approaches a flood of moonlight which falls from a window athwart the floor he starts violently, as though he had seen a ghost. It is a ghost. A pale and slender figure with streaming hair, white-robed, gliding towards him. Crimp's teeth chatter with fright as he shrinks into a dark recess to let that noiseless spectre pass. But ere it has gone a dozen yards he plucks up courage and follows. It is later still. Sir Marmaduke, propped by the silken pillows taken from his wife's boudoir, has sunk into a restless slumber. The valet, just beyond the flood of moon- light, awaits with savage anger at his heart the ghost's return from the chamber which he saw it enter more than an hour ago. It comes. The sound of a gently closing door, the rustle of a long, white dressing-gown which sweeps the floor. Then clearly visible in the stream of light a girl's slight figure and pretty, well-poised head. 'Chew! chew!' cries valet, in savage mimicry of the "Chut! chut!" with which the Frenchwoman received his declaration of attachment. 'Chew! chew! ma'mselle. I've caught you, have I? It's pretty clear now why a gentleman's mistress couldn't listen to a poor man's honest love.' CHAPTER XXXVI. HALF a million of money! Do any of us quite comprehend the full meaning of a phrase which may be pro- nounced so glibly? It means a fortune, to spend which, no matter how lavishly, will take a lifetime. It means the disbursement of twenty-five thousand pounds per annum, or nearly five hundred pounds per week, without the slightest diminution of one's principal. It means the respect of most men and the cringing adulation of many. It means immense power for good or evil, almost every luxury that wealth can buy, the amelioration of most sorrows, the heightening of most enjoyments, and one great difficulty —that of entering the Kingdom of Heaven. To an unmarried woman it means even more than to a man. Let her beauty be faded, her temper soured, her girlhood vanished—let her be illiterate, ill-bred, and entirely destitute of charm, either of mind or person, and she shall nevertheless be be- sieged by more suitors than would come courting Venus herself, if Venus had not a penny wherewith to bless the lover on whom she might bestow her hand. But let her be young, fair, accomplished, well-born, and altogether charming, like May Pole-Gell, and to what may she not aspire? Chandos Knollys asks himself the question, and execrates his own folly in not having 'made the running' earlier, when he was philandering after the now insipid charms of Mademoiselle Millefleurs, instead of improv- ing the cordial relations which once existed between himself and the rector's daughter. Colin Cathcart asks himself the question also, and answers it with a groan of despair. That intangible barrier of family pride was bad enough, looked at from the Rev. Felix's point of view, but this substantial wall of gold is quite impassable. Colin's friends are growing anxious about him. Somehow Doctor Gwynne's tonics do not strengthen the young man as they ought. Appetite fails him; he is languid, weak, emaciated, looking still as though the clothes he wore before the accident were made for somebody else, so loosely do they hang about his wasted frame. 'We must get him away to the seaside,' says the doctor; and Colin listlessly assents. It is arranged that he and Prometheus Hornblower shall start to-morrow for a Welsh watering- place. Laura Wiseman has gone back to her duties at the hospital, and this history will know her no more. She is one of those fortunate individuals who have less of romance than of common sense in their composition. If Colin had married her she would have made him a true and faithful wife; his socks would never have been holey nor his clean shirts buttonless, and his domestic life would have been peaceful above the ordinary lot, even to inanity. As it is she heaves a sigh or two and draws solid comfort from the reflection that her late patient is evidently in the early stages of consumption, and that it is better to be a disappointed spinster than a discon- solate widow. Colin has not spoken to Miss Pole-Gell since that Sunday night when, being be- trayed into a confession of his love, he made the marvellous discovery that it was returned. He hardly hopes that he will ever speak to her again, for he has almost resolved to shake off the dust of his feet against the little village of Astonburne, never to return. He would wholly resolve so to do, but resolution implies energy, and it seems to him that he left all his energy, all his strength of body and of mind at the bottom of the lead mine three months ago. His thoughts are very full of May Pole- Gell this last afternoon; nay, his thoughts are always full of her, as an opium-smoker's brain is always affected by the fumes of the drug which is sapping his existence; but this afternoon he in his heart is taking the last farewell. It occurs to him that he will say "Good-bye" to the place where first they met as a poor substitute for the leave-taking which is forbidden him. Is it very wonderful he should find her there, on the very spot where she drove over his prostrate, sleeping figure, and broke his arm as a preliminary to breaking his heart? Believe me, between two people who love truly, and whose natures are in such complete accord, each supplying what the other lacks, that they form one complete being in unity of soul, there are subtle, spiritual connecting links of which we know and understand nothing, impulses which work like any other great natural attraction to draw them to- gether. It is not very strange that at this critical juncture, as he goes to say "Good-bye," for her dear sake, to the place where first they met, he should find her seated there upon the velvety moss hard by the belt of fir trees on the sloping hillside. Her face is buried in her hands. As he draws near, with steps that are inaudible upon the soft turf, he fancies he hears a sob. A sad little figure she looks in those garments of mourning which set him thinking, not of her great pecuniary gain, but of the loss she had sustained. For the first time it occurs to him that she may have dearly loved the 'Uncle John' whose pet she was, and with that he remembers that even five hundred thousand pounds could not console such a girl as he believes May to be for the loss of one she held dear. Shall he intrude upon her grief? Would it be kinder, wiser, more worthy of the honest, honourable gentleman he would desire, in spite of origin, to prove himself, if he were sternly to repress the craving that has come upon him once more to touch her hand, to look into her sweet face, and to say to her the farewell which shall be for ever? Whilst he stops and hesitates she turns her head, and the opportunity is lost. She springs to her feet and comes towards him, There are traces of tears upon her cheek, but the pure, pale face wears a look of outraged pride, and her glorious eyes blaze with indignant anger. ' Yes,' she cries, 'creep away from me and hide yourself. What shameful thing have you done, Colin Cathcart, that when you see me in the distance you turn your eyes and your steps another way ? Or of what shame- ful thing do you suspect me that you venture thus to treat your promised wife?' He has not a word to say in answer to that reproach. He tries to speak, but no sound issues from his dry lips. He can only look at her in dumb sorrow and despair. 'Have you forgotten?' she continues. 'Oh! Colin, my beloved, is it so long since you took me to your arms by the wicket-gate in the soft summer darkness? Have you forgotten what the fountain and the nightin- gale said to us, and all that we vowed to each other, my dear, dear love ?' 'Forgotten!' he repeats, in harsh tones, unlike his own; and with that he is dumb again. 'Let me remind you,' says the girl, in that low, sweet voice of hers. 'We did not stay long talking, Colin (at least, the time seemed very short), but we contrived to say a great deal—perhaps that is the reason you have forgotten so quickly. We were to be true and constant, brave in the face of difficulty and opposition, trustful always. You were to ask papa to give me to you, Colin—' ' Surely he told you?' interrupts the young man. 'I asked and was refused in terms that admitted of no hope.' 'And if he could not be brought to see with our eyes at first we were not to be daunted, but to persist until he gave way. Have you come to think the prize so worth- less, dear, that after one little struggle you were content to abandon all hope of its possession?' 'You were not an heiress then.' 'No; misfortunes never come alone. But, Mr. Cathcart, if I were you and had re- tained the slightest particle of affection for a girl I first professed to adore and then, deserted, I think the news of her bereave- ment would have caused a stir amongst the dead ashes of what had once been living flame. I think I would have gone to her in her affliction and have tried to comfort her. I do not believe a few piles of sovereigns would have formed an insurmountable obstacle. I imagine that, knowing how priceless was such love as she in her folly had bestowed on me, I might have refrained from doing her the injustice to suppose—' 'Stop!' cries the young man, abruptly, with a white, drawn face and quivering lips. Stop, May! I cannot bear it.' Then the girl utters a kind of choking cry, which proves that she is not far from giving way. But she lays a hand upon his arm and hurries on excitedly. 'Am I prone to underestimate myself? We Pole-Gells are not accustomed to take the lowest place, Colin, and I am not more humble than my ancestors have been. I confess to you that until we met I thought few men worthy even to touch my hand in friendship, nor was there one in this broad shire by whose preference I could have considered myself honoured save in the conventional sense. Do you think I am less proud now because little by little I have come to set you high above all others, my prince, my king!' ' May, May, May, you break my heart !' ' What is there to come between us ? Is it your want of ancestry ? I say with Tennyson: "Kind hearts are more than coronets, And simple faith than Norman blood. Is it my father's will ? We must be patient, waiting, hoping that he may yield, but if not, 'Whom God hath joined let no man put asunder.' I will come to you, Colin, in the end. Is it Uncle John's wealth ? I think so little of it, believe me, that if I could transfer it to you this moment by the laying of my lips on yours I would do so more carelessly than I give you this, and this, and this. It should be yours absolutely, my dearest, to throw it into the sea, or endow an hospital, if you liked; I would be content to become a poor man's wife if the poor man loved me, Colin, as I love you. But because of the fortune that [has] reverted to me, and because of my advantages of birth, I shame myself by showing you all my heart, in protestations the remembrance of which will kill me if you have indeed changed since the night I promised to be yours.' 'Changed!' cries Colin. And in articulate speech he says no more, There are ways of answering the girl one loves more emphatic and more satisfactory than words. May Pole-Gell, lying in his arms, seems quite content. 'How thin your face is!' she cries, brushing his cheek with a soft, caressing touch. 'How worn and wasted you are, Colin! I will not scold you any longer for the past,' 'I have been punished sufficiently by my own misery,' he answers. 'What are you here to-day? How came you to find me in the lane?' 'I came to say 'good bye' to the spot where first we met, since I dared not hope for another leave-taking.' Good bye?' she repeats, apprehensively. ' I am going away with Mr. Hornblower to-morrow to the Welsh coast,' says Colin, with a smile. ' You shall not go!' cries the girl, imper- iously. Then, with a change of key: ' Must you go, dear ? Does Doctor Gwynne order you change of air ?' 'I shall not respect his orders in any case. You are my best physician, May. You have given me a new life, my dearest love.' CHAPTER XXVII. [in fact, XXXVII] IN the flood of moonlight which falls athwart the floor of the gallery, that pale and slender ghost with streaming hair, for whom Crimp, the valet, has lain in ambush, halts and con- fronts him, 'Speak not so loud, good Monsieur Edou- ard, when all the world sleeps,' she responds, with composure which increases his rage to the verge of human endurance. 'All the world shall hear?' he cries. ' You good-for-nothing, abandoned hussy—' 'Silence!' exclaims the girl, with a superb gesture of scorn, and an impressive lifting of one of her shapely hands, which no tragic actress, however great her 'genius histrioni- que,' could have surpassed in dignity. 'Waste not breath in the reproaches unworthy and inutile. Of Chondos Knollys, I—Lavinie Knollys—am the wife.' ' His wife!' ejaculates the valet. 'I am his wife, during not many weeks. It is whilst miladi rested at Scarborough that we are married, for proof of. which I have the dispense of banns (is it not?) attested comme it faut. We have desired, my husband and me, not irritate Sare Marmaduke by an avowal premature and indiscreet—' 'I shall tell him in the morning,' inter- poses Crimp, spitefully. ', 'Cela m'est egal,' replies the French- woman, with proud equanimity. 'Between Monsieur Chandos and me the things have to-night been said which render necessary the immediate recognition of my right. I wish you la bonne nuit.' She sweeps away from the flood of moon- light into the darkness towards her own chamber, a white-robed ghost once more, whose raiment rustles as she glides, and Crimp looks after her open-mouthed until the apparition has disappeared. Then he steals downstairs like a thief in the night to throw himself upon the bed which is made up for him near his master's door; but not to sleep. It is morning, a morning of accidents, the small mishaps which impair domestic peace more than large misfortunes do. The baronet's coffee has been brought to him in a lukewarm condition; his eggs have been boiled half-a-minute longer than his palate approves; the sweetness of his cream is not above suspicion; and, worse than all, poor Crimp, whose hand after the sleepless- ness of the night is not quite so steady as usual, has contrived to gash Sir Marma- duke's chin severely whilst shaving him. 'The langwidge he used was hawful, simply hawful ! I'd just as soon have probed a chained tiger with a rusty nail !' complains the valet to the meek footman; and with that, summoning all his courage, he goes in to tell his master the gallery adventure of the previous night. ' Tell my wife and son and—and Mille- fleurs to come here immediately,' commands the baronet, his bloodshot eyes blazing with passion that is all the more terrible because, marvellous to relate, it does not find vent in customary violence. 'And, Crimp, if you venture to make this scandal the talk of the servants' hall I will—I will murder you.' Whereat Crimp departs, trembling in every limb, and not doubting but Sir Marma- duke will be as good or as bad as his word. A thankful man is the valet that he has been discreet enough, so far as his fellow-servants are concerned, to lock within his own bosom revelations which his tongue has itched to declare. Of the three people who receive that im- perative summons but one is prepared for its purport. Mademoiselle knows what it means and lingers until she sees Chandos and miladi crossing the hall. Then she joins them, and Chandos begins to quake with vague misgivings. 'What is the meaning of this disreputable story Crimp has been telling me?' cries the baronet, glaring at her savagely, and the girl faces him as pale, but also as composed, as death itself. 'Against the word 'disreputable' I pro- test,' she answers. 'Sare Marmaduke, I am your son's wife !' 'Explain this accursed riddle, sir!—do you hear?' shouts 'Sare' Marmaduke, turning to the young man, whilst my lady looks from one to the other; trying vainly to preserve her ordinary hauteur and in- difference. ' We went through a form of marriage a few weeks ago whilst my mother was at Scarborough,' answers Chandos, sheepishly. ' It was only a form.' 'How say you 'only a form,' mon mari ?' asks the girl. 'Sare Marmaduke, we were in the open church, before the witnesses, after proper publication of what you call 'the banns,' and by a curé Protestant properly married, as I possess the proof. Mon dieu, what is it that he will say ?' A pause of triumph on the part of made- moiselle, of consternation on the part of the others; a pause soon broken by a fierce oath from the invalid. Chandos, why do you not contradict this & 'Halte là !' exclaims the girl, proudly. 'I know not parfaitement that which you will say by 'slout,' but I think well it is a word in- jurieux. Consider Sare Marmaduke, whether it is as it should be to apply it to the wife of monsieur, your son, and to the mother per- haps of the descendants who shall perpetuate your name!' She has advanced a step or two in her ex- citement. She confronts him boldly with flashing eyes, and the sick man in the midst of his wrath, feels a thrill of something like admiration for the dauntlessness of bearing which contrasts so advantageously with the dejected, hang-dog mien of the husband whom she claims. ' All that she says is true,' admits Chandos sulkily. 'I have since found out, however, that the officiating clergyman was not a priest at all, but a low pawnbroking fellow whose acquaintance I accidentally formed at Scar- borough, and who passed himself off upon me under an assumed name as a man in Holy Orders. The marriage is null and void.' 'Any other supposition would be simply preposterous,' comments Lady Knollys, with stately frigidity. 'Millefleurs, you may pack your box and come to me for your wages. I regret it will be impossible for me to give you a character.' 'Miladi,' says the girl, in solemn appeal 'have pity of me ! Figure to yourself that in the sight of the good God I am Chandos's wife, even if it be possible that a legal objec- tion can dissolve our union. Command him that he be faithful to me for the honour of a gentleman and for common honesty.' 'The thing is ridiculous,' answers miladi, icily. 'Sir Marmaduke, I think we have wasted too many words upon so ridiculous a liaison.' Then the Frenchwoman turns from the sight of that pitiless, immoveable haughtiness and addresses herself, still in tones of pathetic appealing solemnity, to her husband. 'Chandos,' she cries—' Chandos, mon mari, have pity of me! It is only a few short weeks since I was a bride; only a few short weeks since we stood in the garden at Glenrift! Said I not that of matrimony the holy sacrament forged bonds irrevocable that might never be broken ? Swore you not that to cast them aside you would never desire ?' 'I was a fool, and you were a greater one,' replies the young man, brutally. 'Eh bien! to implore I have no longer the patience!' exclaims the girl, with a sud- den change of manner. 'It is for me to assert my right. Sare Marmaduke, know you well the Scotch marriage law ?' 'Pretty well,' answers the baronet, won- deringly. ' I remember going to Edinburgh with a reading-party in my young days, and being warned by my tutor of its danger. If any young fool can be induced to recognize a girl as his wife before witnesses, and to cohabit with her afterwards, they are legally married. It is a disgrace to the kingdom that such.an anomaly should still exist.' ' Good! The fact of its existence suffices,' says mademoiselle. 'The young fool behold him; a word he himself has applied. The girl, it is I, Lavinie Knollys—née Millefleurs. The place of recognition, the English church at Glenrift, a little Scotch village over the border about ten miles. Choose you, Sare Marmaduke—miladi— Chandos, mon mari, either the peace or the war, I am ready. If the peace, I shall con- form myself in all things to please you as the daughter and the wife; if the war, I go tout de suite to un avoué, a solleesiteure of law, to demand that he fight my case, to dispute which cannot be done, I say to you choose!' She looks from one to another question- ingly, and they in their turn contemplate each other in blank dismay. Lady Knollys is the first to speak, 'We will never admit the claim—never !' she cries, passionately. 'It is enough,' answers mademoiselle, with dignity. 'From my avoué you shall hear shortly. We will recriminate no more, miladi; une querelle de famille is of the most bitter always. Adieu!' With a comprehensive bow she sweeps from the room, and still the others contem- plate each other in blank dismay until the silence is broken by a savage execration from the baronet. 'You must send for the family lawyers at once,' suggests his wife, 'All the lawyers in Christendom cannot mend the matter,' says Sir Marmaduke. 'Well, fool, you have made a rod for your own back. The Frenchwoman is your wife to a certainty. Thank Heaven! It will not matter much.' But of that enigmatical phrase, 'it will not matter much,' he declines to accord any ex- planation. Mother and son straightway for- get it, under the unwelcome pressure of their novel burden of care, CHAPTER XXXVIII. THE weeks creep slowly at Doctor Ireton's Sanitarium, for Mrs. Matthews, the nurse, has made no sign. Every morning Sim Blunt wakes and looks to see whether the promised note has been thrust beneath his door, Every morning he throws himself again upon his pallet, groaning with the heart-sickness of hope deferred. The confinement begins to tell upon him. His always gaunt frame is wasted to emaciation, his eyes appear larger than they were wont to do and they have an unnatural brilliancy which might almost convince the beholder that he is really mad. After the free life to which he has been accustomed the restraints of discipline seem at times unbearable. The patience with which for a long time he bore his incarcera- tion is exhausted; he paces the acre and a half of enclosed ground with the restless- ness of a caged beast, often feeling disposed to dash his head against the surrounding wall, and so end his misery. He would have tried to end it ere now by a proceeding almost as desperate, a second attempt to break prison, but for the kindly light which beams upon him from a woman's eyes. For although the nurse has made no sign a look of intelligence passes between them when there is no probability that it may be observed. He reads compassion in that comely face, and the sight of it has become the one pleasant thing in his existence. They do not often meet, for her duties lie amongst the women in a part of the building he is not allowed to enter, nor have they had an opportunity to exchange a sentence, but he trusts her and believes in her notwith- standing. By degrees that steadfast hope eventually to escape to which he clings with the tenacity of a drowning man to a straw has come to mean that he hopes and believes she will find out a way. 'Wait ' she whispered once, or rather her lips suggested the word, although no sound proceeded from them, and in his heart he said again, 'God bless ye, my dear,' as at the midnight interview in which she proved herself the 'bravest, pluckiest lass' he ever saw. But ah ! the weary waiting grows intoler- able. He feels that if he remain here much longer shut up amongst these drivelling luna- tics he will himself go mad. He has but one mental resource to cheer the monotony, and that is to brood over his wrongs and form schemes of revenge. Hard indeed will it go with those who put him here, if the quondam gold-digget once find himself a free agent beyond the walls of the Sanitarium. The doctor, the lawyer, the baronet, will surely be made pay the penalty each in his degree. Capable of the most malignant cruelty, Sim Blunt feels himself to be, if once he find an opportunity to wreak vin- dictive vengeance upon those who have caused him much suffering. One morning, after turning and tossing wakefully the livelong night, he drops off to sleep in the small hours, and fails to waken at the grey dawn. Not till the heavy key turns in the lock, and one of the massive bolts is withdrawn with a dull thud, does he rouse himself to the con- sciousness that another monotonous day has begun. From sheer force of habit and with out hope or expectation he looks to the door. There, about five inches from it, lies a scrap of twisted paper. With a bound he leaps from the bed. It is the narrowest of narrow escapes. The door is swinging back as he secures that precious missive which heralds the crisis of his fate. *Umph! you'll get no breakfast,' growls the keeper, and Mr. Blunt, counterfeiting drowsiness, rubs his eyes and grumbles that he had no notion it was so late. Then the man retires, and Mr. Blunt placing his back against the door, proceeds to untwist that precious scrap with red, clumsy fingers which shake as though he were sud- denly stricken with the palsy. . 'Be ready to-night,' runs the note. 'Join me as soon after midnight as you think will be prudent. I shall keep a light burning, and leave my door ajar.' 'A brave wench! a rare, brave true-hearted wench!' mutters the prisoner, when he has laboriously puzzled out the clear, firm cali- graphy. Then an observer, were there one, would imagine that Sim Blunt was seized with a fit of sentimental tenderness, for he raises the laconic epistle to his lips, and mumbles over it ever longer than the most ardent lover might do over his mistress's billet-doux. When he takes his hand away the billet-doux has disappeared. Mr. Blunt has eaten it. He has eaten it, lest even the shreds should betray him. All day he is feverishly excited, and Doctor Ireton, remarking his mental condition, congratulates himself that it is far more easy to madden a sane man than to cure a madman of his insanity. It is night. Once more Sim Blunt at the regulation hour is marched to his cell; once more the bolts and the bars which shut him in are securely fastened. He lies down dressed as he is upon his pallet, and tries to compose himself to calmness, that he may count the flying moments with accuracy. Flying moments did I say ? Nay, crawling moments were the fitter term, seconds which crawl as the years must do in the eternity of the lost. 