MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC NOTES. The company officially known in London as the Lonnon-Hood section of the Gaiety Company sails for New Zealand to-day to continue an Australasian tour which has been extended for beyond the limits originally intended It may be remembered that when Mr George Musgrove organised the troupe a year ago the engagement was for 20 weeks only, terminating with the close of the Sydney season last October All this was altered, however, and the Lonnou-Conytrs Company, as it will probably be known in New Zealand, will have spent 13 months in this part of the world before then return to England The present Gaiety troupe made their debut at the of Melbourne Opera House on 14th May lost your first appeared at Her Majesty a Theatre, Sydney, on 10th September t played a short return he ison in Melbourne at the Princess's Theatre towards the close of the year and was then formed into two divisions to produce the Christmas pantomimes in the two capitals The Gaiety flavour in " Red Riding Hood " was indeed, so strong, that it might almost be said that the London Company has occupied the Lyceum Theatre since its opening-a return season of extraordinary length for such a city as Sydney It is stay has been in many respects eventful It has shown our playgoers the faculty of or in any observation | and artistic recreation possessed by Mr L J London, whose l lecture of the Australian 1 in I he" was really wonderful, it has en- ii le I Mr Robert Courtneidge as the time to play the part of a " pantomime old woman " with a surpassing drollery, yet without a single vulgar intonation or gesture and Miss Alice Loam is has had the opportunity of proving that she can act simply and well as " Red Riding Hood " in the only scene which demanded tender tren mont Two members of the company Williorara to England with their professional position considerably strengthened "We have already referred to Mr Court » age, and it may be added that, though this actor has heretofore done nothing of importance in London, we are of opinion that he will, on his return, undoubtedly come to the front Miss Addie Conyers, who all her life has appeared as principal boy," has a more career before her as a burlesque prima donna Her viz city good Jocks, flue speaking voce, and sweetness as a vocalist charmed our audiences when she played Carmen and Marguerite and experience, has shown again and again, that artists who really please the pi bygones of Melbourne and Sydney will succeed elsewhere, so long as their powers remain unimpaired Mr Lennon's position has, of course, been long secured, and the hope may be ex pressed that the star will return to London all the stronger for his stay in our loss rigorous climate Just no by the pople r comedian is for from well, but his in imposition, is but temporary, and his plans for the future are many and important. Mr Lord he is negotiating with his London agent for a theatre, and there has been some talk of Terry's Mr Lennon sails "But, of course, nothing will be definitely fixed just now, beyond the fact that I shall eventually join the ranks of actor managers. -do, not comedy pieces at last, though 'I've got 'one in my eye ' Burlesque acting is very hold word, but I shall nevertheless I do luce 'precious nonseiibo'-distinctly precious for some time to come, and the for a number of yy oil tried actors and actresses, many of them personal Friends who will rally round me My Ans than experiences under rax Williamson management have been very pleasant I understand from him that a open at Auckland (two weeks) on 13th April then Wellington twelve nights, Christchurch nine nights Dunedin nine nights, and so on), reaching Melbourne spun, en route for England, in the middle of June Miss Ada Crossley, the Au trains singer whose future gives greatest promise of a 1 shoes c water has a pure contralto voice, very rich in quality throughout and with a range extending from the low E to the high 6 the new contralto was born at Yarra ville, near Port Albert, South Gippsland, on 3rd March, 1871, and officiated as organist at the Ing ham and Wesleyan churches of her native village whilst early in her teens The discovery that she had a voice was accidentally made by Signor Zolm in whilst she was on a visit to Melbourne, and that astute musician lmtnodi italy took his young child to see Mme Fanny Simonsen the well known soprano and teacher From the very ill t Mme Simonsen foretold the v, Young co it also a success and Miss Crossley remained under her care until the prophecy was fulfilled Miss Crossley s due it was made three and a half years ago at the School of Music Concert, Melbourne, and for two years past she has sung the solos in the " Messiah," " Lbjah," " Golden Legend," te, with the Philharmonic Society of that city ''on e idea of the door and for her services latterly may be deny ed from the fact that two day s after her appearance with the Sydney Liedertafel, on the 22nd March, she sang at Geelong (today), was engaged for the Melbourne Exhibition Concert the following evening, and sang twice at the Australian Church on the Sunday On Monday, 27th March the contralto appeared at Essendon On Good Friday she sang in " The Llijnh " at the Melbourne Town Hall, and on Easter Monday she was the star of Mr Huenerbein s popular concert in Sydney A long list or engagements beginning at Caulfield last Thursday obliged Miss Crossley to leave Sydney again during the week Before doing so, however, the young artist was honoured by Mr Wiogandwitho special organ recital, given in the presence of Mr Charles Huonur been and half a dozen friends, at the Town Hall, on Wednesday morning The city organist also accompanied Miss Crossley in " O Rest in the Lord " and " Woo, Woo, unto them," her renderings of which were impressive Miss Crossley has now under consideration on offer from Mr W J Poole to appear under his management in England, but as yet no definite answer has been given to the flattering invitation Miss Marie Fraser, who has lately been appearing with success under Mr Walter Bentley's management at the Adelaide Theatre Royal, is returning to London immediately at the suggestion of her agent, who has in prospect her appearance in a new piece towards the close of the present season Miss Fraser, during Mr Bentley's stay in Adelaide, appeared as Ophelia, Portia, Ada Ingot (" Garrick "}, Mattie (" Rob Boy "), and Julie de Mortimer, winning especial praise in the latter impersonation It will be remembered that the young actress originally came to Australia under a years engagement to Messrs Brough and Boucicault, and made her debut as Helen Latimer m " Sunlight and Shadow " This was at the Criterion Theatre on the 7th October, 1861, and the impersonation, gentle, tactful, and refined, certainly increased the interest of Carlton's pretty comedy. Miss Trevor was not so well suited by some other ports she essayed, but in any case her opportunities were not great. It near the close of last, year, moreover, Miss Fraser was favourably reviewed by the Melbourne press upon her appearance as Ophelia at the Princess s Theatre the English actress will sail with her mother by the Wodonga on Wednesday afternoon next for Townsville, and will there embark on the British India Company's Avoca for London, where the ship should arrive on the 3rd June, Both ladies have made many friends in Sydney society, and their departure will be widely regretted Henrik Ibsen's now drama " The Master Builder " has caught on with well-read playgoers at the Trafalgar Square Theatre, and is to be " maxim ed " daily for another week After that the Messrs. G acts will give Mr. LluaibathRobins an opportunity of facing evening audiences in her great part as Hilda Wnngol at the vaudeville Theatre, the same house at which she achieved success as Hedda Gabler In order to make way for " The Master Builder," " Our Boys " will be withdrawn and Mr. David James will recruit his strength in the South of France Miss Janet Achurch and Mr Charrington were to open their season at the Royalty Theatre the day after the last mail left Miss Achurch was to appear as the heroine of the German play " Alexandra," with Mrs. Theodore AY right, the amateur, who made such a success as Mrs Alvin in Ibsen's " Ghosts," in a strong part as the mother, and Mr, Charrington as the half witted servant in the employment of the heroine's betrayer At the anniversary of Walker, London," Mr. Toole's " little speech " referred to a rumour that " the Government was about to introduce a bill by which every person was to be taken into custody who had not seen Walker, London " The audience was delighted at the veteran's small wit, and when he closed with the words " I shall always remain yours truly, Toolio-" he was loudly cheered In anticipation of the production of Mr. Pinero's now whimsical farce at the Court Theatre, the London papers have begun to paragraph Miss Pattie Browne It is to be sincerely hoped in Miss Browne's interests that the "puffing" may not be overdone, as in the case of Miss Nellie Stewart, and more lately still, Miss bedohr Rhodes. Verdi received £600 down, plus 10 per cent, of the acting rights and of the pace of scores and separate numbers, for his 'Falstaff." He inscribed the photograph of himself he gave to Masoboroni with the words, "To the valiant captain of a valiant army." Bolto, the librettist, was paid £100. Some of the greatest acting in the world will be seen this year in a theatre which is not yet built-of which, indeed, the actual building will not begin for a couple of months. Mr. Irving and his company are to open Mr. Henry Abbey's new theatre in New York on 6th November, and they will be followed by the company of which M. Coquelin and Madame Harding are joint (or alternate) stars, and to these again M. Mounot Sully will succeed. Mr. George Wood, who died last month, has been described as the inventor of the three years hire system. Thoarstom, however, was really adapted for pianos by Willert Beale. Mr. Wood was chief proprietor of the firm of J. B. Cramer and Co., and in 1870, he was loiprcsoauo of the Italian Opera, Drury Lane, the season during which he produced ''Mignon," "The Flying Dutchman," "L'Ocadol Cairo," "Abu Hassan," and other works. Miss Mary Cardew, a young violinist, with much of the breadth of style and mastery of technique- of her master, Dr. Joachim, has made a great success a the Crystal Palace Concerts. Mr. Santley was the vocalist. Mr. W. S. Penley is being prosecuted by his neighbours round the Globe Theatre for the inconvenience caused by the enormous crowds who fight and struggle to see "Charley's Aunt." Mr. Penley says he rather likes it ! Mr Henry Burnett, a once popular tenor, who married Dickens's oldest sister, has just died at Litchfield, Hants, in his 82nd year. His deformed child, who died about 1918, was the original Paul Dombey. Mr. Yalontme Smith's English Opera Company has produced the romantic opera "Si stars Rod," b) Adolphe Adam, under the title of "King for a Day," with marked success. Miss Marie Halton has opened her season at the Shaftesbury Theatre inauspiciously, and after a few weeks' run with a costly cast, " La Romero " has collapsed. Aotatuoof the Princess of Wales has been completed for the Royal College or Music Mr. T H Clvndcs is touring in "The Royal Du once" as Napoleon Bonaparte, a character he should look to the very life. 