LITERARY SOCIETY. THERE was a very large attendance of ladies and gentlemen at the Central Literary Society on Tuesday evening (Mr. Badger in the chair), when Mr. G. Eaton, assisted by Mr. Gibson and Mrs. Stephens, gave a reading from "Hamlet." Mr. Eaton was speci ally commended for his render- ing of the part of Hamlet. Mr. Gibson took the part of the Ghost. At the close of. the reading it was suggested that a Shakespearian class be formed, but nothing definite was done. Next Tuesday evening there will be the quarterly social. Mr. Lyne (Minister for Worka) : " Last year at this time there was more poverty by nearly one half, and there were a larger number of unemployed than there are at present. The reason is that at the present time there is more private work going on, and a large number of men have gone to the West Australian goldfields. Produc- tiveness is greater than it ever was before, enabling the property owners to employ more labor." The great annual fishing contest of the Birmingham Angling Association appears to have caused this year more than usual excitement, owing partly to the offering for-the first time of a gold challenge cup, of the value of ¿£50, to the first prize winner. Two special trains conveyed some 1200 persons to the scene, on the banks of the classic Avon, between Pershore Bridge anti Defford. The competitors num- bered 650, and after the drawing for places, the signal having been given by firing a gun, just 650 plummets from a like number of rods were dropped into the water. The sun was hot and the water bright, but nevertheless at the close of the three hours to which the contest was limited, between 400 and 500 bags of fish passed through the umpire's hands for weigh- ing. The winner of the cup was Mr. W. Horne, jun., ot Deritend, whose take weighed 71b. 6¿oz., followed by Mr. Paget, of Brookfield, whose bag contained only two fish, but one of these happened to be a bream of six pounds and half-an-ounce weight, which was pronounced to be probably the finest fish ever taken in a contest with a tight line. Altogether thirteen prizes were awarded. It is estimated that there are 3000 languages spoken by mankind. There are said to be 163,000 families in London living in single rooms. Diamonds to the value of over 5,000,000 dollars were sold in one lot recently by the De Beers Company, of South Africa, to a syndicate. By improvements in mining machinery, one man in 1888 raised more ore than four men could in 1800. 