CHAPTER III. Tlie carriages and horses had been sold : Isabel’s pearls were gone; and daily Maurice wem out and worried his friends. But he hart obtained nothing as yet. Then a dreadful thing happened—bo it seemed to Isabel. The day for the quarter’s rent came round, and she could not write a cheque for it. She aotually went to her writing table and toot out her cheque-book and looked at ir. There were plonty of cheques still iu the book, hut there waB no money in the bank. She took up a bundle of eld cheque books, which meant so much money paid away. She thought of how prompt sho had always been in her payments, how generous she had been to every one about. “ Surely people won’t be hard on me,” she thought. How as it happens nothing irritates people bo keenly as for anyone who has been in the habit of paying well to give up that pleasant habit, however much against their own will the surrendering of it may be. “ Isabel," said Maurice one day suddenly, “ do you know what we must do next “What?” asked Isabel, apprehensively, rather startled by his tone. “ Clive up the flat and sell the things.” “ Give up the flat and sell the things !" echoed Isabel, in such amazement that she could only repeat what she had heard. “ Oh, impossible Ho found it was impossible. She could not be induced to see that it was within the bounds of human reason : the things were her own, part of her very self. “All my dear mother’s treasures !’ she said with in dignant i ears ; and Maurice felt ns if it was his fault. He applied himself more reso lutely than ever to importuning his friends, and to looking out for employment on his own account; ho even fell to that last and most hopeless ot all resorts, searching the advertisement columns of the newspapers. When a man has come to that his spirit is well-nigh broken. Maurice's was not broken yet, but he had sense enough to seo the diiiieulties that lay iu the way. Ho had never doue anything—ho had no experience — ho had made no commencement; aud worst of all he had no busiuess friends. His own relatives were people who thought tho Foreign Oliice the right sort of place for him, and anything more mercantile an im possibility, and they simply could not realise wlmt it tneaut to be actually without motley. But that was the situation in which these young people found themselves. One day Maurice came to Isabel in her own room. Ilis face had such a look on it that sho started up in alarm. “ It has come,” he said; going to take the things, have sold I Item ourselves ” “But it’s impossible!” cried Isabel. “My things ! What right have they?” They had a few days’ grace in which to try and get the money, and each day Isabel put on her bonnet anil walked to Mrs Mont gomery’s house, determined to ask her help, and each day walked away without knocking at the door. She had never seen her since her marriage. What prevented her she cottld hardly say—whether pride or want of courage —but sho could not knock at the door. On one occasion as sho came away sho met Charles Perceval face to face. He looked at her keenly, but she only bowed and passed ‘the landlord is We had better The end came, and Isahelstood anti it—watched all her treason”0 'orn l 0WI? . -—=-.> T*--she were being dragged limb from limb nerseir. Then, trembling from head to foot, she took Maurice’s arm and walked out of her home. They had nothing now but Maurice’s own pittance. Ho had bravely gone alone in search of cheap lodgings, for which it would be just possible for him to pay. To these he now took Isabel, who looked at her new surroundings with pure and simplo amaze ment. She had never imagined herself in such a place or in such a position. Sho could not conquer the idea that it was unnecessary to take off her cloak—that she hud merely come to visit some protege and would shortly go home. But no—this was home 1 Maurice took off her bonnet aud oloak for her, aud then those two had to contemplate a suppor of the simplest sort instead of dinner, for the first timo in their lives. Isabel’s belongings (and Isabel herself, for the matter of that) were terribly out of place in tho little rooms she lived in now. Her tea gowns, her promenade dresses, all the luxuries of hor toilet, Eeemed ridiculous. But there was a cure ‘or that, as sho very soon found. That first simple supper had been a trial; hut afterwards such an one came to be regarded as a desirable thing. Aud in order to supply it, these out-of-placo luxuries of Isabel’s went the same way as tho carriages and horses. It is all very well to be Spartan and philo sophical for others, and on principle, but no one who ba“ not experienced it knows what it is to see the beauty of ono’s life going out, and to be helpless. To have to sacrifice all that makes life worth living in order to get food enough to support life ! It is an irony of fate hard to bear for those who are the actual subjects of it. “ Thank God we have no children!” said Maurice one day; and Isabel made no answer, knowing ho had wished for children. The speech struck coldly upon her. And from then sho began to feel as if he no longer loved her. II; had grown moody ; he had gradually surrendered the pleasant habit of admiring her. Indeed, as she mournfully ccnfoised to horsolf, he had no excuses now— there was never a now toilette to enable him to say “ that suits yon better than anything I have seen you in !” No, instead of such pretty SDeeches, he had grown used to words that at first seemed to burn his lips—tho phrases which are only possible in this nineteenth century when social death is accomplished—“ IVe can’t afford that,” “it costs too much,” “ wo must do without it.” Sociul death was accomplished, as it seemed, fiually. for these two. They had passed out of their world, the only ojorld they knew of, as completely as if they had been laid in the grave. Loss of money means this in the present day. Isabel bore chat heroically, and she endured privation with tolerablo courage; but when she began to feel that Maurice's affection for her was dying out, that tho joy of her life was going from her, though she was still young and beautiful, sho became desperate. She would sit at the shabby breakfast-table, when he rose and left it without a word or a kiss, and would cry her eyes out when he had gone out on one of his fruitless efforts. Then she would end by looking hopelessly at herself in the glass. This was the one- tiine beauty ! —red eyes, hair no longer dressed in the fashion, for she could not do it for herself ; an old gown, and an air of utter lassitude. A peasant woman may look handsome in her poverty, hut not a woman of Isabel’s type. Be she”never so beautiful her beauty is lost without all that money gives to set it off. This is a truth, but Isabel was mistaken in suppo.-ine it was because of this that Maurice was so cold. The proud man, reused to a consciousness of himself by this trial was eating his heart out ; he thought Isabel de spised him because he was so helpless, and so the oreacli widened. Isabel had only one dress left now—a dress such as at one time sho would have been afraid to give her maid. On s certain after noon when Mattrioo had been out the whole dav on his ceaselc-ss quest, Isabel rose sud denly from her chair and went to the glass. ■What would she sav to me dressed like this !” she said aloud, and almost laughed. She was thinking of her grandmother. Bat she had passed the point now at which either j pride or timidity could hold her hack. She | had become desperate. She felt that in reality j she would prefer to die thau to live on in I the condition she was. She dressed heraelf for the streot and laughed again when she looked at the completed effect. “She won’t know mei-he said to herself. Hermmd v.an made up to go to Mrs Mont gomery. She travelled across London iu an omnibus, at which she wondered even more Than at, her dress; and arrived at the door, did not turn away but boldly knocked. The man-servant who opened it admitted her without a word, but Isabel thought he looked rather as if ho saw a ghost. “Mrs Montgomery is upstairs,” he said. 44 I will call Elizabeth.” Elizabeth was Mrs Montgomery’s special attendant, who had been with her for voars. She came down the stuirs, her eyes wide open at the sight of Isabel. “ Oh, Miss Isabel !” she said, calling her by her old name, “ I'm glad to see you. But, excuse me, miss — I mean — Mrs Conyngham, I don’t know it* the mistress will see you ! She is very bitter I” 44 I’m not going away without seeing her, Elizabeth,” said Isabel, though she honestly felt a little frightened. “ See what you can do—I’ll go inhere.” She turned into a little sitting-room that opened our, of the large drawingroom, from which it was separated by heavy curtains. It was strange to her to be in these luxuri ous rooms again, so familiar to her. Mrs Mongomery had evidently just been in the sitting-room ; her purse and handkerchief lay on the table, and a jewel case. Isabel recognised the case ; it brought back memo ries of the happy evening when she first met Maurice. Oh, how long ago it seemed. She took up the case and opened it. Yes, there were the diamonds. They had been re-set, and looked more lovely than ever. Suddenly a thought crossed Isabel’s mind. An argu ment parsed through it like lightning—these diamonds should have been hers — they almost belonged to her—her grandmother was cruel and unjust. In another moment the argument was finished—the diamonds were concealed in her dress, the oase shut and empty, and Isabel, faint and sick, stood by the table leaning on it. Elizabeth came softly to the door. 44 She will not see you, mftdaroe,” said the woman. “Oh, Miss Isabel, she is hard!” For her eye, travelling over Isabel’s figure, saw every bitter si<;n of poverty, and she pitied the girl from her heart. “Did aho say anythingr” asked Isabel faintly. “Do you want me to tell you?” asked Elizabeth. 44 Yes, tell me.” “She said, ‘Toll her she made her own bed, and she can lio on it.’ ” Isabel turned away and walked downstairs and out of the house. She did not seem to know herself, or who she was. The world was all changed. That her all should be gone—that her husband should have wearied of her—that her own flesh and b ood should turn her from the door—that .she should be a thief—for already, in spite of all her casuistry, this awful word was beginning to burn itself into her brain and riug iu her ears. She went straight home. Maurice was there. He had returned and found her gone out, a tiling which had not happened before since their fortunes had fallen. But tie made no comment. He received her in silence — that silence which hurt her so much. She professed to be tired, and sst with' closed eyes, thinking. The jewels were within the bosom of her dress. It seemed to her that they burned her skin. I How that she had them, what was she to do? She knew that aho must give them to Maurice ; thut he could sell the earrings, and that the money they would bring would take them abroad. Then they could sell the necklace and make some kind of start in life. Isabel longed to feel the money in her hands—to be at an end of this awful poverty. But her difficulty was that she would have to tell Maurice a lie. She would have to tell him that her grandmother gave her the stones. She could not bring herself to do this ; and yet, if she sold the diamonds her self, would it be any easier to explain her possession of the money l UliAFTER IV AH that night Isabel resolved this problem in her mind. She hid the diamonds in a safe place ; and then tried to decide what to do. Sho did not sleep at all, but lay staring into the darkness. It was, fer her, one of those nights that make an indelible stamp on the life. The horror of guilt was upon her, but she held it at bay as if it were a wild animal. She told herself a hundred times she would rather be a thief than endure the poverty she was living in, aud with no hope of any thing else to look forward to. Oh ! that was the worse alternative. So she would not let herself think of her guilt. Sho finally decided, just as the dawn came, that she would herself sell the earrings. She would then simply tell Maurice that a friend had helped her, and persuade him to go abroad away from the place where all their 44 friends” still were who had so utterly for gotten them. In the morning, when, as usual, Maurice went out, she also dressed as soon hb he was gone, and started on her errand. She had decided to go into a part of Loudon where she was utterly unknown, righc in the city ; so sho took her wav to the omnibus. She was so full of painfhl excitement, so lost in thought that she did not notice a gentleman meet her, stop, aud then turn and follow her. But just as she was getting into the omnibus she felt a hand on her arm. For the first, time in her life she was visited by real terror —her heart appeared to absolutely stop heat ing. She had not realised till this moment how fearfully conscious she was of her guilt —she had glossed it over to herself so far— but at that touch the dread of the law petri fied her. Had she been found out l No. It was Charles Perceval. 44 May I detain you a few moments, Mrs Conyugham V1 he said. 4 4 i came up here on purpose to see you.” She hesitated—but after a second’s doubt decided to stay and listen to him. Perhaps lie had brought some good news from her grandmother ! And indeed she was so shaken by her moment of terror that she hardly felt able to go on immediately upon her errand. So she turned back aud walked by his side along the street. 441 dare say yon will wonder how I know your address,r he f aid, “ So I may as well tell you at once. I followed you yesterday.” Isabel looked at him in amazement and with some alarm. 44 Yes,” he said, quietly and gravely, meeting her anxious look with very serious eyes. 44 I was waiting iu the drawing-room yesterday for Mrs Montgomery. She was going to her jeweller’s, aud as 1 had business in the same direction, she offered me a seat in the carriage.” 44 Vou followed me,” said Isabel, faintly, her lips perfectly white. 44 Yes ; I excused myself from accompany ing Mrs Montgomery—I sent her a message of excuse—and followed you. I had a reason for wishing to know where you lived. Per haps you cun guess it.” Isabel walked on mechanically; her brain reeled ; earth and sky seemed meeting. After a moment's pause Mr Perceval went on. 44 When yon came into the sitting room at Mrs Montgomery's yesterday I thought it was she returned ready to go out. When I came to the curtain 1 caught sight of you— I saw your troubled face, and I drew back, thinking you might not care to see me.” He paused. They had reached the bouse in which Isabel lived. 44 Come in,” she said faintly, aud led the way in. He followed her into the one sitting room, and glanced quickly round it. 14 Poor child !” he said, under his breath. Isabel sank into a chair and looked at bim with wide-open, terror-stricken eyes. But she had recovered her self- possession and some of her dignity. She remembered that this man had loved hsr. What was his object 44 You have not told me yet,” she said, 44 why you followed me yesterday.” “Have I not?” he replied. 441 should have thought I had. Well, I will go on. I met Mrs Montgomery at dinner last night, and she told me that when she arrived at the jeweller’s she found the jewel case she carried was empty. She had never thought of looking at it before.” Isabel’s lips moved, but she said nothing. Her eyes remained fixed upon him. He went on slowly. “ A new parlor maid, who came into the honae only a few daya a go, brought Mrs Montgomery a cup of tea while I waa there. This girl was arrested last night, and is now in prison.” ^ Isabel uttored a cry. She sprang to her “ Oh !” abo exclaimed, “ but that must not be!” She stood there, panting like a stag at bay, for a moment. Then, calming I herself with an effort, said, “ 1 will go now and Bee my grandmother,” and she turned as if to go on the instant. “No, don’t do that,” he said, “she will have no mercy. Airs Conyngham, I saw the diamonds taken ; I saw the thoughts of the person who took them plainly written on her face. Poor child! Lot me Bave her. I see what you have suffered.. Sell me those diamonds. Tou were going to sell them to a jeweller. Sell them to me, and I will get that girl out of prison.” Isabel looked at him in amazement. “ Why should you do this?” she said, speak ing with difficulty, her agitation was so Tou know,” he said, “ that I loved you. Aly love for you is real. I cannot bear to see you suffer, even though you chose another man. Now let me help you through this. I can shield you from everyone—even from him.” Isabel stood still, a desperate mental struggle evidenced in her face. 11 No,” she cried out at last. “ I will not be shielded. I will own to what I have done. Help me in that, and you will help me indeed. Take me now to my grandmother’s.” He obeyed her without protest, for her face showed it would be useless. They drove as quickly as possible to Mrs Montgomery's. Arrived there Isabel went straight in with out waiting tor any announcement, and with a look on her faco which prevented the ser vants from interfering with her. She found her grandmcthersitiing in the drawingroom. Without a word she placed the diamonds on the table before her. “ Great Heavens 1 Isabel 1” cried Mrs Montgomery, I never dreamed of yon.’’ “ Have me arrested,” said Isabel, “ and let that poor girl go frse.” “ What am I to do ?” said Airs Alont gomery, for the first time in her life feoling perfectly helpless, bo surprised was she at the situation. ‘‘Go home with your granddaughter,” said Air Perceval, who had quietly followed Isabel into the room, “ and see how she is living and what the temptation was to her.” At this Isabel broke down. She sank into a chair with a sob and fainted dead away. Airs Montgomery was thoroughly startled. She summoned Elizabeth to her aid, and v/hilo restoratives were being given to Isabel, she had a brier agitated talk with Air Perceval. It ended in her ordering the car riage and driving Isabel home She stayed with her some time, but left before Alaurice came in. “ I don’t want to see him,” she said. “ I can’t forgive you for marrying him and not Peroeval. Don’t you regret it yourself wheu you see how nobly he has behaved in this affair, standing by you as he has “No,” said Isabel, “I don't regret it. Mr Perceval is noble, I know; but then, you see, I love Maurice.” “ If you take my advice you’ll never tell him a word about this affair,” said Mrs Montgomery sharply. But Isabel's mind was made up. She had passed throiieh theordeal. She waited rest lessly till Maurice returned, and then told him the whole story, without omission, with out exteuuation. The only excuse she offered was that she could not bear the thought that his love for her was being killed by their poverty. “ Pour child, how von must have suf fered !” said Maurice, drawing her to him; and then he told her how he had feared her contempt. The reconciliation between them waa so deep a joy that their troubles were forgotten for the moment. The worst trouble of all was removed. Air Perceval was one of those who do a thmg thoroughly or not at all. He had great inilueuce, which ho seldom used. He used it now, however, for Maurice o—..——, -„.f -bwimid film an appoint ment which at once lifted him ont of poverty. Tsabol’a orJo.fi to.n,,orfi.l her upi.it for lifo. The discovery that Alaurice had not loved her less, but bad begun to fear her, touched lier soul to the quiok. When she found Alaurice in possession of an income which would just give them comfort if rightly administered, she devoted herstlf to make the utmost of it. Maurce had to work now—a novelty to him ; but it satisfied his pride. And hie home was a place of perfect pleasure. Mrs Montgomery, literally surprised into revealing the human nature in her, found herself reconciled to her granddaughter. But, though Ieabel went occasionally into society again, sho could never be persuaded to wear the fatal diamonds. "They burned my skin once!” she said, “ wheu I wore them under my dress—they would bum it again. I remember my guilt well enough without that!” [The End.] 