TAKE ON.U TRUBT' BT MARY ANGEL& DICKENS AND MARGARET MOULB. CHAPTER TIII.-(Co ? So.m D.) Sharp and ringing the denial had come, .-with a defiance en it far fleroer than was n-eeded. to subdue Mrs .CarryL It was sunoeeded by a pause, broken only by the sound of Mrs Caryl's feeble sobs, and then "Valentine said in a quick, excited voloe: "Does anyone else tktnk thia? My step father" " "Yee," murmured Mars Carryl tearfully. ' Oh, don't be vexed, Valentine I What else could anyone think?" The' handle of the fire-soreen snapped suddenly in Valentine's fingers. She threw the pieces fieroely from her, and began to -walk up and down the room with "impetuous -stepe, her face alight and working with ex 'citement. "I'm very sorry, Valentine!'" wept hiMrs Carryl. At that most inopportune moment the door 'opened with no warning sound of footatepson the softly earpeted landing .oatside, and the footman announced: "Mr Soudamore !" And Mr Scudamore followed his name so promptly, that Mrs Jarryl'had barely time to i'ee by the door at the other end of the double drawing room before his burly presence was .in the room. At the first sound of the footipan's -anouncement Valentino stopped abruptly ia 'her walk, and a strange. wave of color rushed over her face. "It' passed, and'left her e?es -aeshing still, bhut with a light of sudden resolution. She turned quickly and met Mr Sondamore with her hand otretched, and rher sweetestsmile. " I am so glad to see you," she said .graciously. "Have you come to see me or 'my stepfather ? I'm afraid he is out, but if I shall do-" she broke off with an irre sistible smile and pointed carelessly to a seat. Mr Soudamore had made his appearance with a boisterous appearance of ease, which was suggestive of distinct want of ease. A shade of anxiety, almost amounting to nor. vonsuess, had been visible in his rough features. For 'a - moment the reception ac. carded to him seemed to place him completely at a loss, and'his greeting, as he shook hands with an enthusiasm hardly compatible with a secondmeeting in one day, was more or less incoherent. Then he seated himself, awk w?ardly enough, in the chair pointed- out to Trim. " I'm awfully glal to fini you like this, diss Clinton," he said brusquely. " I was afraid I'd offended you." Valentine laughed gently, and sat down. Her cheeks were very flushed. "'I'm afraid I was cross," she said graciously. "I hope I wasn't very rude? I'm so sorry." " Yon weren't cros,,' was Souelnmore's prompr, if somewhat rough, diselaimer. "And I'd do with you a great deal ruder to have you--o have you like this after wards." "-You see, I'm rather spoilt," said Valen tine, smiling at him, and apparently hardly hearing his words. " I have always had my own way-and I like it." " Why, of course; von would, you know." assented Sondamore eagerly. "You're the 'hind of girl who ought to have her own ' His countenance by this time was positively radiant. Perhaps it was the effect of roaction 'from the uncertainty in which he had entered the room; or perhaps it was the sense of contrast between her past mooj and the mood in which she now met him,'but something seemed to create in him a kind of excitement and elation. He passed a moment, and then leant suddenly forward, his face very red and eager. " Miss Clinton," he boean, "I've got something to say to you." The color died suddenly out of Valentine's face, her very lips whitened, and she rose impulsively and rang the bell.' "We'll have some tea," she said breath ]esely. "And lMrs Carryl will like to see Jou. I'll send for her." CHAPTER XIV -A. Uvrsxxcrsn MrxE. A week passed by. 1the last days of Jan. mary ran out io alternation, of fog and rain, and the first of February brought with it rncertain gleams of sunshine, that seemed by contrast like a promise of spring itself. Mrs Carryl's temporary insanity-her con duct in daring Valentine's displeasure seemed to her, ase she looked back on it, nothing less -was neveralluded to. Its superficial effects were traceable in the deprecating timidity of the culprit's manner, andl in a slight coldness in Valentine's manner towards her. But to everyone else Valentine was unus ually sweet and gracious during that week. She was very bright, and very light hearted, even a little unnaturally so. For Mr Suddamore she had always her most charming smile, and he basked in that smile as if it were to him the raysof the sun. Only she avoided being left alone with him, sometimes seeming to rebel against the idea slmost involuntarily. It was part of the excitability which had become characteristic of her, that on the morning of the first of February she came down to breakfiutfull of enthusiasm on the subject of Geoffrey's birthday. It was a subject that had dropped somewhat out of sightin the newer and originally apparently temporary interest of Mr Scudamore. Geof frey, himself, however, having had very little interest in Mr Scudamore's society, had had more leisure to give to the consideration of his own future. The first sign of Valentine's interest that morning was quite enough to draw him into eager and confidential talk. Directly after breakfast he followed Valen tine into her mornling.room, and established himself so that he could look up into her face asahe sat at herwriting-table. And meeting his eager, anxious eyes, Valentine laid down -cerpen. It was nearlyhalf-past eleven; they had been talking for more than an hour. Geoffrey had set forth his plans with a acmanlines and thoughtfulness new.tahin, and mrn of the sense of responsibility which had gradually grown up in him; and Valentine, as he talked, had lost something of her rest less brightness, and, as she grew more sym pathetic, hed grown graver and gentler. She had discussed his ideas with him, had drawn him out to enlarge upon all his theories, and at last the asubject was practi cally exhausted, and a silence ensued. It was broken by Geoffrey. He threw himself _uxuriously back against the rofa, clasped his hands behind his head, and said contentedly.: "This is like old times, Val." .She started slightly, and turned her face towards him with a vagne smile as he went 'n, boyishly.: ,. "' We haven't had a morning like this for ages, have we? It's morst awfully jolly !" The room in which they were was at the f-ront of the houseo:and from where she sat. Valentin. could see into the street below. She ?was gaing down with dreamy eyesd when, quite .suddenly, she started; a hot color rushed over her face, and she rose and rang theb ell peremptorily. Taken by surprise Geoffrey looked at her enquiringly as she stood waiting for the servant's appearance, but she did not speak until her summone was answered. , I am not at home," she said i then im erionusly, "Not at home to any one, A fitful gleam of sunahine was lighting up -the street, and underneath the windows its watery rays fell on two horses, one of which carried a groom, while from the other a large \--d-moustanhed figure was dismounting. The servant left the room, and Valentine turned once more to Geoffrey, her cheeks flushed, her eyes shining. "I think I muse go out, Geooff," she said abrnptly. "It's a shame to waste the sun shine, and I. want to see about your. birthday present." "I'm coming with you, then," he said, starting up with a lagh. "Coming to see what it is, Val?" "Coming with me!" she returned, laugh ?r rather excitedly. " You'll do no such t g, sir I m goin alone. Good-bye till we meet again. I don't quite know-when that will be. I shan't be at home to lunch, and I'm engaged all the afternoon; and then your're going out to dinner, aren't you ? But till whenever it is- good..-bye I" And with a gay little gesture of farewell she disappeared. She spent nearly an hour in a round of shopping, throwing herself into her oooup?. tim with a feverish energy and eoxcitement. And, when, at the end ot that time, ashe gave her coachman the order to drive to one of the largo jewellers in Regent street, there were tired lines about the pretty, spirited month. She ordered the set of studs which was to be her birthday present to Geoffrey, and turned to leave the shop. She had just passed out on to the pavement SMIt pshlalshed Io connertlon with "All the -est aound." when suddenly she stopped short ; stopped as though she had been transfixed where she stoode; her face quite white, her eyes fixed on the approaching figure of a man. It was Kenneth Gaunt. neither to the right nor the left, and he did not seeher. He was in the aot of passing her, etiltnot seeing her, when she moved forward imapulsivel andheld out her hand. " How do you do ?"' she said in a low, quick voice. With a start so violent that he almost seemed to exclaim, though no word passed his lips, Kenneth Gaunt stopped short abruptly and stared into the white face before him as though he were looking at a ghost. For that one moment every drop of blood seemed to recede from his face. Then it came slowly back again, a deep sullen red, and he took the hand held out to him, almost reluctantly. " How do you do, Miss Clinton ?" he said, and he said it ungraciously enough. Having shaken hands he made amovement as it to pass on, but Valentine stopped him. Her eyes were fixed upon his face; they had grown wide and pitiful, and her lips trembled as shejspoke. Kenneth Gaunt's appearance was greatly changed since the days when he had gone about at Templecombe a prosperous and well satisfied young man. It was not strange that he should show no signs of desiring to prolong an interview with anyone who had known him then. He was shabbily dressed, and he was keenly conscious as he stood before Miss Clinton of the deficiencies of his appearance; but his face told far more than did his worn coat. It was the face of a man who had passed through the cruellest process to which youth and hope can be subjected; that process of continual failure and disappointment which makes those two hard? elements of human life seem normal and inevitable. The features were haggard and sharpened; the mouth was set into a sullen endurance, and ,the eyes held a ficere bitterness. All that air of well-being, which had been such a conspicuous feature with him, had disap-. peered. " I-I am very glad to see you," said Valentine, faltering in most unusual fashion. Then drawini up her head with a stately movement, which was an outward sign of the effort with which she mastered herself, she went on with that dimaity with which a woman covers so much, not only from others, but from herself.. "Are you living in London now?" " Yes," answered Kenneth, curtly, " at present." His eyes were fixed on her now with a longing naze in them of. which Valentine only saw the bitterness, and she said, with something of an effort: 1" Will you tell me what you are doing?" Kenneth laughed harshly. " It's easily told," he said, bitterly. " Nothing, Miss Clinton." " Have you done nothing since----" " Nothing," he returned. "Theredoesn't appear to be any demand, even in London, for doubtful characters. I imagine the market is overstocked." " Oh, don't I" oried Valentico. "Don't !" Ho had lifted his hat, and moved to leave her, but her words arrested him perforce. He turned his worn young face to her once more and paused. "I beg your pardon, Miss Clinton," he said, gently. " You were always more than just to me, and it was an abominable thing to say to you. May I put you into your carriage l' Valentine made no answer. Her fingers closed on a little parcel that she held so tightly that its contents were crushed and spoiled. She turned and walked meihani. cally to her brougham, got in, and allowed Kenneth to close the door for her. Then he shook hands with her in silence, and the carriage drove off. And Valentine leant bhok in her place, her face set and uroud; oblivious of the noise of Regent street, oblivious of the fine, drizzling rain that was beginning to fall, saying to herself, again and again: "1 am just to hint ; only just to him." CHAPTER XV. --M1. SCUDAMOIRE is Acczrrzm. It was seven o'clock in the evening, and Valentine was standing in the morning-room. It still wanted more than half an hour to dpner.time, but Valentine was dressed, and rather magnifoently dressed, for she was: going later with Mrs Carryl to a large "at home" at a very smart house. The magnificence suited her stately young fighre to perfection ; the way in which herhair was dressed seemed to accentuate the curve of her neck, and the jewels in it seemed the natural setting for the p-oud, delicatefface. It was a very proud face this evening and very pale, and her pose, as she stood with one small foot on the fender, was' defiant in its thaughtiness. She was apparently waiting, for she turned expectantly when the door opened and Mark Dorrisant came in. He was also in evening dress. He and Geoffrey were going together to dine with a friend-a Mr -Everett, in Hyde Park Gar. dens. "You wanted to speak to me, Queen Val," he said. "I have finished dressing with all speed accordingly; for we must be off in about ten minutes." " Thank you," she answered. " ?e, I do want to speak toyon, please." Her manner was rather unusual. She had smiled as he opened the door, but her tone was rather distant. He glanced at her, and then quietly waited for her to speak. Without any circumlocution she began at once, her voice firm and unhesitating. " I want to speak to you about Mr Gaunt," she said. "I am very sorry to give you pain -perhaps I thought more of that than of justice-but something most be done !" She spoke with a calmness too lotty for perfect reality, and Mark Dorrisant listened with his eyes an her face, a quick flash leap. ing into them on her firat words, to be in. stantly subdued into a deeper gravity. There was an instant's pause as she stopped, and then before he answered her he averted his eyes from her faee. And as he did so the faintest tinge of color toucnohed Valentine's pale cheeks. "I am afraid I must ask you to explain," he said ge.tly. ' Mr Gaunnt's prosptcts in life have been utterly ruined while he was in my service. I, myself, by a most unfortunate chain of air. oumstances, played a large part in bringing about a ruin founded on injusticeand mis take. It is my duty, from every point of view, to see that something is done to make amends." She paused, but Mark Dorrisant did not speak. He was gazing steadily down at the fire, his handsome fae very grave. And Valentine, toouched by his silence, went on affectionately : q' Pater," she said, "I know you only did what you thought right. I can't bear to up. pose you. But you can't prove his guilt any more than I can prove-than his innooence can be proved, and is it just that a man's life should be spoilt on such terms?".. She pausnaed abruptly, and Dorrisant lifted his eyes and looked at her. The color deepened in hler cheeks; hler face, which had softened into pleading as she spoke, set itself into prouder lines than before, and she went on: "I have spoken to you about it because I want you to see Mr Gaunt and find out how we' can help him. He can get nothing to do. That is our fault, and something must be done 1" Dorrisent looked at her again. " Have you seen him?" he said quclakly. Valentine stretched out one beautful bare arm and clasped her fan as it lay on the mantelpiece. The white flegers shook, but it was with no gentle emotion. Her eyes were blazing. "I met him to-day in Regent street I" she said haughtily. Mark Dorrisant turned away, as if with an impulae of most delicate consideration, and looked at her no mnore. The color in her cheeks became a burning crimson; then it obbed away and'left her face quite white. Looking straight at hint, and seeming to keep herself still by an intense effort of which the strain of that outetreohed arm was an outward sign, she said: * Icannot tell yon where he lives, but you will be able to find him, of course I Will ou go to him, please, and see what can be Mlark Dorrisant turned, and took her hand with gentle force into both his own. "I would do anything to please you, Valentine !" he said, gravely. "But there are more reasons than one why I cannot do that." He released her hand and turned towards the door. Valentine made no effort to de tain him; apparently all her force was ab sorbed in the tumult of passionate sensation with which her white face was eloquent outraged pride, wounded self-respeot, pas slonate denial-- for boshe stood there perfectly motionless. A few moments passed and then the sound of Geoffrey's voice, as he answered Mark Dorrisan~'s call, followed instantly by the closing sound of the street door, as the tio set out for their dinner-party together, all fellonValentine's ears clearly, but with out making anytmpression " on her conscioes ness. The dinner-bell rang at last. Valentine; roused herself, crossed the room with a strange expression on her face, and went. downstairs. All through dinner she hardly spoke, and` that abesorbed expression never altered ; Mrs Carryl, after receiving several monosyllabil answers, decided feebly that " Valentine was angry about something." Theexpres-. sion was on her pale face still, when she was received by her hostess, some two hours later, and passed on into a crowded drawing room. " How do you do, Miss Clinton F" The speaker was Mr Sonlamore, presenting an imposing array of white shcirt-front to the public gaze, and as she turned with a slight start at the sound of his voice, Valentine's face changed for the first time, and a light came into her eyes. "How do you do ?" she said, holding out her hand eagerly, and smiling at him. " What shot room, isn'tit ? Have you been hero long f" Valentine had herself introduced Mr Souda more to their hostess, so his presence could have been no surprise to her. Nevertheless, there was a certain excitement about her only attributable to some sudden emotion.. Scudamore looked at her shining eyes with his own full of admiration, and then said, apparently as a daring and hopeless experi. ment: "Let us go on into the conservatory; it's ever so much cooler there." She hesitated an instant, then she turned' to him with a quick movement. S"Yes, Mr Scudamore," she said, ." I think theconservatory sounds very attractive.", She turned as she spoke and walked away. by his side, her eyes brighter than ever. -Her progress through the room was rather a long business, since she had to exchange greetings with acquaintances at every step; but she pursued her way steadily, never allowing herself to get separated from the' burly figure which followed her with dogged per sistenoy, and in the course of time they reached the curtained entrance which led into the conservatory, and through which could be seen a vista of tall palms and ferns, occupied by only some half dozen figures. Without an instant's pause or hesitation Valentine crossed the threshold. There was no one whom she knew in sight, and she and Soudamore were practically alone. " Suppose we sit down ?" he siggested. His voice was uneven as though with some unusual excitement, and his florid face was flushed. " It would be rather nice," assented Valen tine. There was a touch of excitement about her, too, and the ribbon of her Ian was twisted tightly round her fingers. At the farther end of the conservatory there was a eat behind a huge mass of palms. Towards this Soudamori moved, and she moved by his side, the light on her face growing more defiaut-eolf-doliant, it seemed. She sat down, Scudamuor seuted himself beside her, and there was a silence. She made no at-' tempt to broek it, and at last Soudamore said abruptly : "'Miss Clinton, I don't suppose there's any need for me to beat about the bush much, and i'm not likely to geta better opportunity than this. I set my mind on having you for my wife the first moment that I sawyou." He paused, and then added brusquely, with a fierce passion in his rough voice: " Is it be ' yes' or ' no ?'" Almost before the words were uttered, Valentino turned to him, her face as white as the feathers of her fan, and held out her hand. "It is ' yes', " she said, in a low volese. Then, as he made a rough movement as if to draw her to him, she rose with a strange, strangled laugh. " I think-not here I" she said. There had been a strange ring of triumph in her laugh, and the same triumph was gleaming in her eyes as she and Soudamore passed back into the drawing room together. (TO n coNTINUED.) 