THE DEADLY RED-BACKED SPIDER The sad death of the child, Thomas Ycl Acrtou, of Toxnlie, near Mansfield, who died from the effects of a bite inflicted by a black spider, once more calls attention to the exceedingly venomous wounds inflicted by ono variety of spider found in Victoria. While the bites of nil sphlors arc more or less venomoup, there is only one Victorian spider whoso Into is to be dreaded and feared. This is the ICalipo, whose scientific, name is Infru'J'i-ius >Scr/io, and which is common both in this colony and New Zea land. It is about half an inch in length,;md black in color, with a red stroke, almost a cross, down its bach, winch renders it im possible to confuse it with anj other variety. The ** bite " is not inflicted with the mouth, but with a pair of small claws, situated noarits head, and supplied with venom by a pair of glands in the same locality. There are many well-authruticaledinstances of the setious effects of fhc katipo's bite. Dr Mueller, of Yackandand;tlit di.-scribes a case which came undcrhisnoticeof a young ami healthy farmer, who was bitten in the ankle by this insect, which benumbed his legs to such an extent as to prevent him walking without assistance and which rendered him for a short time a complete luuatie. Dr Mueller effected a sperdv cure in this case by liypodrrmio in jections of strychnine and cocaine,the patient being almost completely cured in a single night. Another ease of the same kind, which cxiended over two years, was attended by Dr Sprinuthorpo, in which an athlete was bittou on the right hand, and, as a eonsc rjiiQitcc, lost power in his hands and legs, the muscles becoming quite wasted, and his sight being temporarily much impaired. Too principal signs of the bite of this spider are loss of power and excessive por.^piration. Several other wises besides that of Thomas Yelvcrtou, in which infants have been bitten by this npider, have terminated fatally, com plete collapse usually setting in some hour.? after the bito had been inflicted ; and the bito of a few other spiders are supposed fo be dangcious to a dclicato infant. With the exception of the bite of the kntipo,' however, no serious results arc likely to result from spider bites, and the chances of being bitten by that insect aro vciy slight, as unless in terfered with, it will not show fight, and usually chooses the most iuucccsMblc places for its home, only coming out to Keek its prey towards evening. The to-callcd taran tula, whose proper namo . is vcooitia, and which is quite a different species from the tarantula found in Italy, though a much more savage and dangerous-looking creature than tho kntipo, should rather be treated ar. a friend than as a foe, as it is quito harmless., and on account of its largo siz-j and voracious habits is one of the most useful of .spiders, killing other more harmful and troublesome insects. Spiders as a ck*s do immeasurably more good than harm, as tlicy kill far inorc insects than they cat, and do not damage fruit and crops, as birds do. Mankind, how sver, and espiciallyjwomaukind, regard their, and will most probably continue to regard them, with abhorrence, on account of their ugliness and the webs which they weave in every secluded corner. Prisoners have again and again tamed spiders and tauuhb them to comn at stated hours to be fed, and they have oven grown to love these strange pets ; but the average woman is startled out of her presence of mind by the sight, of what natur* alists would call a *f fine specimen," and . a war of extermination is waged against theso usnnlly hiinnloss insects. ?»S7 ttwhti'tl. At the Tentro Oonrnnnlo of Trieste, s;[ys flic Jjaitjf iVWr* Vienna correspondent,Ibsen's " Ghosts" was jjivoii for the first tiim- the other day. In the third net there was a violent commotion.. Ladies disunion red from tho l)')xcs, several fainted right away, and two ii!lcr"d screams. At las'; everybody present asked for the cm-tain to ho lowered, imd this was done before the piece was at ail end. Then the actor who played the part of Os wald was eallcdout twelve times. 