TOWN TALK. Tlie following news matter appears on tlie fourth. page :-Commercial, Presli water Creek, Accounts at the Treasury, Portarlington, Important Kailway Meeting, "Windielsea. The steps taken by Sir B. IV. "Wheatland, honorary secretary to tlie Hospital Sunday committee, to pro-. mote the success of the annual appeal on behalf of the local charities which benefit by the collections, "were re ported at a meeting of the committee held in the maj'or's room 3'esterday aftemoon. The chair was occupied by Sir ' Gr. jVL Hitchcock, and there were also present- lievs. J. Cowper thwaite, 13.A., and'A. 31. Moore, and the hon. secretary. Apologies were rnpniraJ for fill* s\£ ilxo "W. Ohas. Pritchard, the mayors of Newtown and Chilwell and Geelong "West, and Mr Gardiner. It was mentioned by the secretary that cir culars liad been issued to all the state schools, 170 in number, within a radius of 30 miles from the hospital, lie had arranged to have a man stationed with a collecting bos at Purdie?s corner on Hospital Saturdaj-1 andforaperformaneeby tlie Itechabite 1 brass band in the Exhibition gardens j during tlie afternoon and evening, at j which collections would be made. On Hospital Sunday afternoon an open air service would be conducted in John stone Park by the Salvation Anny and an address would be delivered by the liev. Allan Webb. lists had also been distributed among the employers ! in the town, and circulars to the ! clergymen of all denominations. The action taken by Mr Wheatland was approved of on the motion of the Kev. J. C'owperthwaite, seconded by the liev. A. M. Moore. Tliere was a material subsidence of tlie flood waters in* the Bar won yes terday, and all danger of a disastrous inundation similar to tliat of 1880 lias been removed. The level of the flood remained stationary during the night, but it commenced to go down at five o'clock yesterdaj' morning. Unless there should be a recurrence of heavy rains in the up country dis tricts draining into the Barwon, the river will be back to its normal limits within a week. Had the flood risen twelve inches higher damage would have been done at various small tanneries through the flooding of the tan pits. The first of two comedy entertain ments by the Brougk and Boueieault company will be given at the Exhi bition Theatre to-morrow evening,and it is hardly necessary to remind our readers that the combination is one that has gained the highest repute, wherever it lias appeared, for the general excellence of its performances. Beeently it had a successful"run of six weeks in Adelaide, and the event was regarded by the "Advertiser" of that city as sufficiently noteworthy to : form the subject of a special leader. Acting on the principle that the public pays to see a performance, and not a I dress rehearsal, the managers are most! Gareful to see that every detail is ] attended to before the curtain rises on 1 anything staged by them, with the result that the performance is most finished and complete. "We learn that the box plan is filling well, and it behoves those who wish to secure their seats to do so 'without delay, and as it is rarely that the local public will Lave tlie privilege of seeing a company of equal merit, it is hoped that all lovers "of genuine comedy will combine to xnake the season a success. The present season being prolific in grass it naturally follows that there should "be a plentiful supply of milk in the district. The creameries in connection with the Geelong But'er Eactory Company are now being largelj" availed of by the farmers, .the milk being conveyed, in some instances, as far as six or seven miles.. Between £-100 and £500 were paid. away to suppliers for last month's milk, and it is expected the amount for October "will be much, larger, whilst the quantity of butter manu factured last week totalled 5500 lbs. Up to Saturday last eight tons had been despatched for shipment,, to London, and from " one to two tons mil follow- weekly till : the end of the shipping season. In order--to guard ;against the. milk being tampered with the directors Have purchased a Babcock milk tester, and samples of each supplier's milk will be _ tested periodically. The penalty for supplying adulterated or skimmed milk is pretty severe, and involves the forfeiture of all shares and all connection with the company. A really first-class article continues to be turned out by the factory manager, for which there is a considerable local demand at the top price ruling. We are pleased to see that there is every ihdication of early success in connec tion with this important and now thoroughly established industry. A man named Alfred Clarke, resid ing in Corio-street, attended at the hospital yesterday for treatment for inj uries to his face, which he ex plained he had received through being knocked down by a mail cart. A daring act of shopbreaking was committed last night about half-past ten o'clock by a couple of young men -who, however, eluded capture. At the time named, Sir \Y. Kilby, who is employed at Mr Nash's shoeing forge, in Market- square, was speaking to Sir El. Hodges in front of the latter's residence in Fenwick-street, when he heard the sudden smash of a window in Mrs AY. G. "Witton's fancy goods shop in IJj-irie-strc-L-t. Ho ran. to the locality, when two young men darted from the doorwayj- and as he gave chase one of the pursued dropped two new wooden pipes, but both persons escaped, and Mr Kilby, returning to the shop, took charge of tlie premises until Mrs and Miss Witton, who had been to the lecture in the Mechanics' Institute, returned home. The pane of glass broken by the thieves is a very large one, and of extra thickness, so that the damage done in that re spect is a costly affair. Information of the Tobbery was at once given to the police. Next to the Geelong post and tele graph office, the most dismal place to frequent at night is the Free Library building in Moorabool-street. This place of instruction and recrea tion is partly illuminated after sun down with kerosene and gas, both ap parently of the poorest quality. For the sake of economy the committee have curtailed the gas supply, but the kerosene and oil lamps are miserable substitutes for the gas jets How visitors are able to endure the semi-darkness of the reading-room or how they are able to read are ques tions the librarian cannot answer, and it is equally surprising how the people get into and out of the building at night time without stumbling over each other. Our Portarlington correspondent writes :--The very heavy rains, it is feared, will injure some of the crops in this locality. The roads in some places are almost impassable. The health of the district is satisfactory. A sub-committee of the Marong shire council on Saturday considered the question of the heavy road traffic. A draft of a bill dealing with the subject was considered, and tho coun cillors agreed to recommeud as fol lows :-" That waggons carrying five tons have tires Sin -wide, waggons carrying from five to eight tons tires 4in wide, vehicles carrying over eight tons tires oin ?wide.1' To-morrow evening, after an absence from the.stago of 20 vears, Madame Lucy Chamfeoro will re appear before the public in the grand benefit concert to be tendered to her in tho Melbourne Town Hall. The lady who is to receive the compli mentary benefit is an Australian by birth, and obtained her musical educa tion in Italy. She has many friends in Geelong and district, and a number of them have arranged for a party to proceed to Melbourne to attend tho concert. The appeal to tho public is not made by Madame Lucy Chambers in consequence of any decrease in the number of pupils the lady has been teaching, but occasioned through the financial troubles which have so greatly affected metropolitan residents. There is no doubt her re-appearanco on the stage and concert platform will be hailed with pleasure by the music loving public. A splendid programme of vocal and instrumental numbers for to-morrow evening's entertainment has been prepared. A sensation was caused in Lydiard sti'cet north, IBallarat, near tlie rail way gates, about lialf-past ten o'clock ou Saturday evening, through the upsetting of a waggon on which was placed the cage containing *' Pasha," the man-eating lion belonging to Mr Pillis' menagerie. The lion cage is a fixture on the waggon, and at the conclusion of Saturday night's per formance the various cages, with the animals, were being taken to the rail way station, when the whistle of the locomotive engine frightened the horses drawing the waggon. The animals gotbeyond the control of the driver, and the wheels of the waggon became locked, the result being that the vehicle was upset. There were man}' folk in the street, and consider able alarm was occasioned, as it was thought that "Pasha," who had be come somewhat restive, would broak away from his confinement. A num ber of circus employes were quickly in attendance, and they tested the bars of the cage to see that everything was safe. They also tied huge ropes around the ironwork to make certain that there would be no strain on the bars as the cage and waggon were being righted. This was soon ac complished, and the Hon was entrained without any further mishap A formal meeting was opened yes terday afternoon before Mr G. liead Murphy in the insolvent estate of George Powell, of South Geelong, bootmaker. There were no creditors in attendance, and the appointment of Mr Mead as assignee was confirmed. Atthepoliceeourtv-esterdaymorning a man named John Uourke, who broke two panes of glass in the windows of the Phoenix Hotel on Saturdaj- even ing, to give the police an excuse* for arresting him, was fined £5, in default one month's imprisonment, for wil fully damaging property. He was also ordered to" pay 15s damages to the licensee of the hotel, but "being penniless the making of flip order was a.pure formality on the part of the -Bench. 13ourke, who stated that Ue had been starving through iii ibility to obtain emplo.ymc-nr, gladly ilected to take oytthe sentence at'the Local gaol. 3STo information has yet been ob tained regarding the whereabouts of Mr Jas. Clegg, -who left his home at G.30 on Sunday morning, and as he was last seen walking in the direction of the river it is feared that ho may liavo met "with his death by drown ing. r< The Kev. Father Brazil, who has heen stationed in Geelong for the past six years, has received instruc tions from the- Archbishop of Mel bourne to take charge of tho Northeote mission. It is probable that the rev. gentleman, who :has latteriy, officiated as parish priest at Ss. Peter and Paul's, will leave Geelong on Friday noxt, to enter upon his new field, of labor. ? During tho time that he has been in Geelong Father Brazil has become very popular with tho Soman Catholics of the district, and his'de parture will be learned with regret. The receipts on the Government lines of railway for the week ending October 12th, .1893, "amounted to £51,787, as compared with £01,096 17s lOd for the corresponding week in 1S92. Passengers, parcels, &c.;, £23,602, as ag:iinst £27,S91 17s lOd in 1S92. Merchandise, minerals and cattle, £28,285, as against £33,205 for the corresponding week in 1S92. Aggregate to this date from. 1st July, 1893, £714.337, as against £S16,596 2s Sd in 1S92. AVeckly average for 15 weeks, £47,G22 9s 4d, as against £54,439 14s lOd in 1S92. Miles open 1S93, 2974; 1S92, 2903. The Under-Secretary lias issued the official notification that it will be neces sary to renew electors' rights on or before December 1st, on which date the triennial period for which they are issued exjiires. New ones must also be taken out before that - period. As :i large amount of work will bo thus entailed on the registrars, persons claiming a vote I hi-" ur°T?il to imply as early as possible. Registrars* offices will be kept open up till 10 o'clock p.m. on the last "five days. Xo charge is made for the right, - but a sixpenny stamp, which the appli cant is supposed to provide, must be affixed thereto jMr Trenwitli will move in the Assembly this evening that in future a minimum rate of pay be stated in the conditions of all contracts for work under the Government. Special coaching arrangements are being made by Cobb and Co. for the benefit of residents of Steiglits, Ocean Grove, Drysdale and Portarlington, who desire to attend the National Show. The Steiglitz coach will leave for Geelong at 5 a.m. instead of 9 a.in., calling at the Plough Hotel at 6.30 a.m., and the Clyde Yallev at 7 a.m., on each day of the show. The return coach will start from Geelong at 5.30 a.m. Special fares are advertised.* ' The Geelong Muiual Improvement Associa tion held their usual weekly meeting last evening in the classroom at the Mechanics' Institute. Tlie president, Mr George Bradley, occupied the chair. The syllabus subject, <£Is it rational to believe in Ghosts ? " was opened by Mr 3?" Apted, who i^ead a well thought out paper on this subject, -which included some interesting anecdotes. Messrs G. King, Cotton, Yidler, Yallaiid, Wilcox, Hill, Salthouse, Brownbill and the president also related expe riences generally substantiating the theory that it is possible to hold mental conference with loved ones, either living or departed. Mr Chas. So aimers, in conjunction with Messrs Sutherland and Co., will sell, in the rooms, Mercantile Chambers, on 26th inst., at 12 noon, 20 acres at Point Henry, and 7S acres on Drysdale- road. It is announced in our advertising columns that Mr Otto B. Hug, herbalist, may be con sulted at Mack's Hotel next Monday, 23rd inst., from 1 p.m. until 4 p.m. To-morrow evening at eight o'clock a meet ing will be held in the Geelong "West Town Hall, to give the ratepayers an opportunity of hearing the addresses of candidates for a "seat in the borough council. Messrs Taylor, Buckland and Gates, solici tors, Yarra-street, offer a reward of £3 for such information as will lead to the conviction of the person or persons who placed tar on the latches of certain properties in Elizabeth and "Virginia streets and Latrobe-terrace on Sunday evening, 15th inst. 