MR. HiTHUS' FUNERAL? ok THE RESURRECTIONIST FRUS- TRATED. Everybody in the little town or Lyre-snr-Ys was astonished when it became known that Mr. Mathias was dead. He was barely forty-five years of age,^ and was a robust man, as straight as an arrow. About three years before he had become the hus band of a young girl of twenty, a niece of the tax-collector, and whom ke had loved .with frenzy. Of course, once dead, Mr. Mathias was credited with having been during his lifetime the possessor of every virtue. , Xfc would, have gone hard with the one who should have dared speak of him as having been -ai-usurer or miser, as people termed him whenliving. No man would have dreamed of publishing anew the account of that celebrated marriage, which certainly did him honour, and which would have brought back to mind the remembrance how all had feared that tall, artful, avaricious and rich man, whom people supposed to occupy his spare moments in concocting poisons, with which he experim'ented on'- dogs.'- It was no time to talk about that then. He was dead. Peace to his ashes. After all, in thinking the matter over, was there anything so very extraordinary in this death ? It was plain that Mr. Mathias had had forebodings of its approach, for had lie not, but a short time before, sent to Paris for workmen to erect in the cemetery the mortuary chapel that was at that moment waiting to receive liis mortal remains? Besides, it had been noticed that of late he had prowled about his house as if fearing mysterious robbers. He sequestrated his wife, and closed himself up for weeks at a time in his laboratory, the chimney of which seemed in a blaze every night. " All these were the premonitory symptoms of a brain trouble," had said Dr. Labarre, who had decided that death had resulted from apoplexy. Mr. Mathias h.id a splendid funeral. One-third of the population of the town had followed his remains to the graveyard, and it may even be said that there were a few moist eyes when the oaken coffin was lowered into the crypt of the chape], a real monument in itself, where two men of his size might have slept at their ease. The mourners returned from the funeral, wondering what the widow would do. Now, the truth of the matter is that Mr. Mathias was not dead. Two hours after the ceremony, anyone who might have been in the vault where the coffin rested would have certified to the truth of this •tatement. Two sharp clicks, like the snap of a spring, resounded, and the coffin opened like a closet. Mr. Mathias sat up, stretching- his limbs like .a man just waking up. Througli a grating in the ceiling a little light entered. Mr, Mathias stood up, slowly rubbing his slightly benumbed knees. Taking all in all, he felt comfortable—quite comfortable. The dose of the narcotic, which he had carefully measured himself before taking, had had the exact effect he desired. People had supposed him dead and buried. So much the better. For a long while Mr. Mathias had made his preparations. The vault had been fitted up with great care. In it were suitable clothing, food, and a few bottles of good wine. As nothing stimulates the appetite more than a funeral, even if it is one's own, Mr. Mathias seated himself com-, fortably on his coffin, broke his fast, and drank good luck to the future. It is about time to say why, of his own free will, Mr. Mathias was at that moment six feet below the surface of the ground. As usual, fhere was a woman mixed up in the matter. Unmoved by feminine charms until the age of forty, Mi-. Mathias, formerly an apothecary, who made a fortune with anti-spasm pills, fell in love with pretty Anne Picdefer, the niece of the tax-gatherer at Lyre-sur-Ys. He had bluntly proposed to the young girl, who had just as bluntly 'refused' to become Mrs. Mathias, in consequence of which i; he fell in love, like a fool—I beg pardon, like a man of forty, who allows himself to fall in love. Not being of an over-honest nature, he had woven such a subtle web about the tax- gatherer that, in less: than a year's time, knowing that the Government's cash did not count up right, the unfortunate mail was seriously considering the advisability of committing suicide. • It was at this • moment: that Mr. Mathias. appeared in the guise of a saviour, and made his terms. The nie'cc offered hefself up as a sacrifice to save an unclewholiad been: a father to her, although, her affections , were already pledged to a clerk in the office of a notary in the neighbouring town'. As a sad ^ctim on the'- 'altar; of •• duty, Anne . became Madame Mathias. : She -soon: felt allthe'consequences of this catastrophe Mr Mathia — andperhaps he wa not i r wiong— was convinced fhat hi wife hated him;: - Erom-c thi conviction lo -the belief i that- she: , was deceiving Turn, there was bat oiip step Ever tor mented by this su picion he became a monomaniac.; His wife .never put her: foot' ^oub -of - doore and nobody came to see: her; Still Mr Mathias im^iried. that the rea on he did not catcb fbiss wife iwrong doing was on ,v- waccountao^iihisvkaavkwardnes and in liis own mind he voted himself an It was then that a bright jdea struck' him.: He would 'pietend he was;gQing on|/i:ijo -nob to Ver a comedy SE^IialiBspjfeufe^la long, lifng t|5urney k seem "Wy! di&cult; .for-him- tosrctui n. ^ And -fchen^ sotoe"' night* b fygulcl come-back as much alive as jevec, to theigreatsconftisioniiofithe 'guilty ojue He allowedStaself-^hiJe^day'J time, aad>e wifs^juite^plea^tdvwjth waited until the cemetery clock strnck eleven—the hour he had .chosen to begin operations. ":: His plans had all been well laid. The wall of the graveyard bounded his property. He had on hand a complete suit of black clothes in which to array himself as a phantom druggist. In the graveyard only would he wear his shroud, tobeiri keeping with the predominating: colour of the locality. Once over the wall he would hie straight to hiswife's apartment. Then the fun would begin. Mr. Mathias dressed himself, and everything being all right, he tilted over the marble slab covering the vault, climbed up into the mortuary ; chapel,-opened the door, and walked out into the graveyard with his .winding: sheet on his arm. As soon as he got into the alley, he unfolded the ample shroud and tricd : to cast it around his shoulders. But the sheet was quite heavy, and he failed in his attempt. Just as he was about to try again he- heard a: voice behind him say : " Hold on ! I will give you a hand." Not to realise what a disagreeable surprise this was would be a certain proof that one had never been at midnight in a graveyard, trying to put on^ne's shroud. The voice that had addressed Mr. Mathias came from the sexton of the graveyard, Old Grimbot, an odd fish, well-known in all the neighbouring taverns. He drew near, and looking Mr. Mathias full in the face, exclaimed : " Hallo ! Is that you, Mr. Mathias, already ?" Mr. Mathias, not a little embarrassed, kept on trying to wind his shroud about him, hoping that a ghostly appearance would rid him of his inopportune companion. It did not, hpwever. On the contrary, Grimbot kindly assisted him in putting on the sheet, and arranged it so that the folds fell gracefully. " I have just left my tomb," began Mr. Mathias in a hollow voice. So I see," said Grimbot, interrupting him. " Tou seem to be in a much greater hurry than the others." Mr. Mathias did not listen to him. He was now taking longstrides, walking on tiptoe, just like a ghost. Grimbot kept up with him, and con tiriued: " The idea does not come to the others so soon. They generallylet a month or two go by." Mr. Mathias suddenly turned towards him, and extended both arms, exclaiming: " Begone, profane man—begone 1" "Tush, tush!" said Grimbot in a fatherly tone. " Don't mind me. After all, I suppose you want only to take an airing like the other fellows." Mr. Mathias kept on.straight ahead, not deeming it worth while to answer. He soon perceived, through the darkness, the gates of the cemetery. Being always prepared for the worst, lie had a few louis in his pocket. " Come," said he, offering a couple of gold pieces to Grimbot, " let's waste no time in talk. Hero ! let me have Grimbot stepped back, exclainiinjg " What—the key ? You want to. go out? That's a funny notion! But, I say, noue of that!" " I will give you four louis!" groaned Mr. Mathias. " Say now, stop that!" replied Grimbot, " or else I shall knock you on the head, j have no objection to your leaving your tomb and walking about. The others do so too." " The others—what others ? " Grimbot gave a wide sweep round with his hand, as he replied : " Why, the dead, of course ! " " The dead! Who is talking to you about the dead ? Why, man, I am alive—still living don't you see ? " " Phew! that is an awful joke; but see here, I am-a good fellow. Gome along and take a drink with me." Like a pair of pincers his hand grasped Mr. Mathias's wrist. He dragged him to a small building, where he lived, and made him enter a room on the ground- floor. Mr. Matthias was literally dumb founded. - After closing the door Griinbot got a bottle from a shelf, and, filling two glasses, he took one and held it up, saying: " Here's to you , Mr. Mathias." , " Listen to me, good man, said Mr; Mathias. " You want to have your little joke at my expense. Well arid good. But there is a time for all 'things. For a' reason that concerns me only, I have allowed: myself to be buried. Now, business of great- importance requires my presence outside: Let vine go, and, 1 assure yoii, r shall pa j' you well." Whilehewasspeaking&rimbot.had; slowly walked around the table and taken a position, standing, his back against the door. " You are a good talker," sneered lie. " So you are alive—eh ? Well you are not: the first that has toldme, that. You. see,Ihear such- strange .stories: I.-am-'qiiitefondobm Everynightone.ortwoof-them-eo® e without ceremony to take a" drink with me. Last'iiight it was ibe -notary. You know whom 1 mean; your neighbour, 'Radel, ,the- one that has the broken column. The_niglit befoie last I had a call from Madame Claudm, a -mighty-fine loeking woman, I tell ryon., I ama- good'fellow, I Jet them walk about at nnrht and chat with them , but as to letting them go out .side, that i quite notlier thing Mi .Matin began to feel uncom ; fortable And no wonder, for G imbot spoke wifch^pepfgpt compo ure like a: •functionary who UE<5fi*"£fcood the re, jpon ibiiitie of hi offi.es "He was a^jnedmm sued thick *ctr man with hands like a gonlla Hi ; eye were black and glistening tAi shiver^rau <£blough JMr M thi .b frame as the idoa^struckSiim that Jiej was crazy Ye^tli t must be it Herim t'be a visionary fellow, who believed -chC igraveyarS j})eopledt with ghosts* tjfe sk-y.edferaj^antaiticOTorJd^'heiereatioiji! of a arnnkard^brain t i * Mr Majh^as-bW t ^ g , plead^ -rng, piairnBirig^upjjlicating- Why/ how oould lh» the good, kind, lntelli- 'to take-him ^for a deaa^nwn anajie f te J *«ar--S> J ^ fi-,— -rtjgn, •—''ft* Mr. Mathias looked at the enormoa* hands. Overcome _ with terror,, he iglanced arounil, looking for an opening, to escape through. There was but one, the door, and . there was Grimbot, propped -up against it. Anyhow, he had to pass, cost what it may. - So he rushed forward with a scream, i. . Grimbot quietly put forward his open hand.into which the throat of his assailant fitted closely. Mr. Mathias hiccoughed and tried to struggle. The hand closed,more tightly. :• Mr.Matbias slid down to the floor, kicked about for a little while,- and then remained motionless. Grimbotj -like • one used to occurrences of this kind, picked him up, and, walking with,the dignified : step of a man conscious of having done-his duty, he carried him into the crypt. Ho then kicked the slab back into its place, closed the grated door, and resumed his walk among the tombs/ muttering : "Did you ever see the like ? Wanted to go out—eh ? And me lose my situation ? Not much." This is why Mr. Mathias's widow was able, shortly after, to marry the one she always loved. 