STORIES TOLD " WELD, I suppose I must let you go, Norah, but I don't half like it. You've never been away from me before, and I shall miss you frightfully." " Yes, I hope you'll let me go, Jim, I don't want to be selfish, but I should enjoy it so mucb, and after all, you can see me every day if you like." They were husband and wife, these two, and had been married just a year. Their married life up to this point had been one of unclouded happiness, and perhaps the term ' married lovers' best expresses their relations to one another. Jim Kennedy was a fine specimen of a man, tall and broad-shouldered, but no one ever called his stern, rugged face good-looking, though there were people who found in it a charm that nandsomer features often lack. Norah, on the contrary, was extremely pretty, -there could be no two opinions on that point. He tall, slight figure, clear, fair skin, crisp, golden-brown hair, and deep blue eyes, fully entitled her to take rank with the beauties of her eex. Jim was well aware of this fact, and the knowledge afforded him great gratification. Perhaps the pride of possession, so prominent a feature in the male character, was even more strongly developed in him than in uiost men: at all events, his pride in his pretty wife knew no bounds. His devotion to her was quite proverbial among their friends and neighbors; nothing could exceed his tender care and forethought in all matters that concerned her; she was always his first consideration. His was a curi ously contained and concentrated nature-a nature that was incapable of more than one love-and elie had etirred it to its utmost depths. The subject under discussion was an invitation that the Kennedys had re ceived to spend a fortnight at one of the country houses. This invitation Jim, for business reasons, was obliged to decline, but there seemed to be no good reason why Norah should not accept it, and she was very anxious to do so, being, naturally enough, at tracted by the prospect of unlimited fun in the shape of dancing, theatri cals, and all the thousand-and-one amusements that are always rife amongst a large country-house party. " It isn't as if it was far away, you know, Jim," she urged; " why Wood lands is only three miles from here; you can walk or rido over to see me as often as you like. Of course, I am awfully sorry that you can't go too, and I shan't enjoy it half as much as if you were there; but I can tell you all about it afterwards, and it seems so ungracious to refuse Mrs. Mervyn's invitation altogether, when there is really no reason at all why I shouldn't accept it." Jim looked down at the eager, up lifted face, and smiled. " You shall go, dear," he said, " I may be selfish, but I hope I am not selfish enough to do you out of any pleasure just because 1 shan't Bhare it myself. Of course you shall go; but if you want new toggery you had bet ter set about getting it at once." " Oh, you dear old Jim!" cried Norah, flinging her arms round his neck, and kissing him alter her usual impulsive, girlish fashion. " Oh, you dear, dear old Jim !" So the weighty matter was settled to the satisfaction of all concerned,1, and in due course Norah went off to "Woodlands in a very fetching new gown and the highest possible spirits. When she had been away for two days, Jim rode over to see how things were getting on. He arrived at Wood lands about naif-past four, and was received by Norah in the library, every other room, as she informed him, being turned topsy turvy; some cleared for dancing, and some given up for theatricals, which was just then in process of rehearsal. " And how are you enjoying your self ?" asked Jim. . "Oh J so much," Norah answered, her bright face aglow with excitement and pleasure. "It is perfectly de lightrul. I only wish you were here to enjoy it too. Do you miss me much, Jim P" , " Frightfully," said Jim, with a little eigh, " I feel quite lost without you; but never mind that, tell me about yourself. What special line have you taken up? Are you going in for theatricals?" She shook her head. " No, I am afraid I' should be 110 good on the stage. I have had no practise, you know. I enjoy looking on immensely, and there is plenty of fun to be got out of dancing and other things." " Mrs. Mervyn is a clinking actress," observed Jim. "Yes," No rah agreed absently; "she is awfully good, and is going to play all the leading parts." After that she was silent for a few minutes, looking into the fire with a thoughtful, pre-occupied air that somewlint puzzled her husband, who was more accustomed to her brighter moods. " A penny for your thoughts," he said at last. Norah started, and glanced up at him with a rather curious expression. " Jim," she said neruously, " if I say something you won't be crosB, will you ?" He looked surprised. " Cross, Norah? no, of course not. You may say what you like." "It was something that I over heard," she went on, absently fingering his coat sleeve. " I couldn't help hearing it; I wish I hadn't, but I couldn't help it. Mr. Brown and Mrs. Willis were talking, and I coujdn't help hearing what they said -but they didn't know that I was near. Is it true, Jim-is it true that there was ever anything between you and Mrs. Mervyn ?" A heavy frown crossed Jim's face, and ne uttered a sharp exclamation. "Confound the women!" he cried angrily, " What a lot of chattering magpies they are!" '.Oh, Jim!" Norah pleaded, "don't be cross ; you said you wouldn't. It isn't true, is it?" Her voice quivered a little, and something suspiciously like tears glit tered in her bright eyes. Jim mut tered something under his breath as he looked down at her, then he put his arm round her waist, and drew her close to his side. " Listen, Norah," he said impres sively, "I am going to tell you the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. A year or two ago I was rather intimate with the Mervyns, and used to come to Woodlands a good deal. Mervyn and I have always been good friends, and at that time Mrs. Mervyn and I seemed to get on un commonly well. I can swear that I never gave her a thought even that passed the bounds of friendship, and it was some time before it dawned on me that she was trying to lead me into a flirtation. When at last I woke up to the state of the case, I gave Mrs. Mervyn to understand that that sort of thing wasn't in my line, and then promptly cleared out. I have always kept on friendly terms, because I thought that people would begin to think and talk if we had a open split ? but I have not come here much since then. And that is the truth of the whole matter." The quiet tone and simple, straight forward words carried conviction with them, and Norah's perturbed face dimpled into a smile as she asked " Why did you never tell me of this before, Jim r" "My dear child," lie answered, gravely, "a man doesn't care to tell tales of that kind at the expense of a woman, even to his wife. Besides, I had almost forgotten the affair, and, in all probability, Mrs. Mervyn has quite." Norah shook her head. "A woman never forgets," she said emphatically. " You may depend upon it, Jim, Mrs. Mervyn has for gotten nothing-but she may have forgiven, and that is more to the point." Jim stooped down and gave his pretty wife a very hearty kiss. " What a good little soul it is," he said affectionately; "you take things uncommonly well, Norah. Some women, in your place, would have treated me to a scene and refused to Relieve me." " I should like to see anyone refus ( ng to believe you," cried Norah, in dignantly. Then she rubbed her soft cheek against his. "Dear old Jim," she whispered, lovingly. Thus ended the first doubt that had ever threatened to mar the happiness of their married life. A fortnight is only a short time after all, ana very soon Norah's visit to Woodlands was drawing to its close. Three days before the one on which she was to return home, Jim got a note from her asking him to be sure and go over that afternoon, as she had something important to say to him. It was some days since he had been there, and he had not intended to go again, but Norah's word was law ; so he ordered his horse and rode off, arranging to get to Woodlands about four o'clock as usual. In the hall he was met by Mrs. Mervyn, and \ he fancied that she started and turbed rather pale when she SAW him. " How do you do, Mrs.'Mervyn P" he said as she shook hands. " Jolly day this, isn't it? Is Norah anywhere about? She sent me a note asking me to come over and see her." " Your wife is in the house," Mrs. Mervyn answered, " but I don't know that you can see her now." She spoke rather absently, and .Tim thought she looked at him with a curious expression. " Is anything the matter?" he asked hastily. " I hope Norah isn't ill." " No, no, she is quite well, but-" "But what ?" -asked Jim, who was beginning to feel rather impatient. Mrs. Mervyn turned away and looked out of the window. " Can you bear a shock ?" she asked in a low tone. "A shock?" Jim repeated, feeling more and more bewildered. " What kind of shock ? What do you mean, Mrs. Mervyn ? If you have anything to tell me about Norah, for heaven's sake tell me aud have done with it. Don't beat about the bush, that is false kindness." " Your wife is quite well," Mrs. Mervyn said, in the same low tone, "quite well, but,"-she broke off sharply and suddenly turned from the window, " Come with me," she cried, " Come with me." A curious sense of doubt and wonder thrilled Jim as he followed his hostess across the hall; he could not at all understand the state of affairs. Mrs. Mervyn led the way to the small drawing-room, outside the door of which she paused and looked up at him. " You had better go in alone," she said; " Your wife is in the morning room.^ If you are quiet you can hear her without being heard." " Hear!" Jim repeated, with an ex pression of blank surprise. " Hear what? I wish you would explain yourself, Mrs. Mervyn." But Mrs. Mervyn shook her head. _" Dou't ask me," she said, giving him a little push towards the door, " but go-go." Jim hesitated for a moment with his hand on the handle, then he opened the door and went into the room. Npw, the two drawing-rooms and the morning-room were en suite, and the latter was only divided from the small drawing-room by some soft silk curtains drawn across an archway. Mechanically Jim moved across the room until he came to these curtains, and then he stopped. He could hear some one speaking on the other side, and instantly he recognised the voice as that of Captain Warner, one of the guests staying in (he house, a man whom he had never liked. " Tell me," the voice urged tenderly, " what makes you so unhappy. Per haps I can do something to help you." There was a moment's pause, and then the answer came in Norah's voice, low and tremulous with feeling. " No, no, you can do nothing. Heaven only knows how miserably unhappy I am; but no one can help me-least of all you." Jim's hand clutched the curtain in voluntarily, his brain seemed to be in a whirl, he felt like a man in a dream. Norab, his Norah, miserably unhappy, and confiding her woes to another man. The thought was madness. "I can sympathise with you, if I can do no more," Captain Warner went on in the same tender tone, " tell me what troubles you-it is always a relief to talk to a sympathetic friend. I am afraid you and your husband are not very well matched." Jim mpved a step nearer the cur tain, listening intently. " We couldn't be worse matched," cried Norah, in a tone of passionate rebellion, " he does not, it is true, openly ill-treat me, but he makeB my life one long torture; if it lasts much longer I snail go mad. Marriage without sympathy is moral suicide." Jim drew a deep breath, and fell back a pace or two. Norah saying that he made her life one long torture! Was it possible, or had his ears played him false ? " My poor darling !" Capt. Warner tried passionately. " There is nothing that 1 would not do to save you from such a life. Only trust yourself to me, and you'll never regret it-never, I swear, as long as you live. I need not tell you that my whole life's hap piness is bound up in you, that I love you with all my heart and soul. You know it already." Jim ground his teeth Bavagely. In that moment he could have killed the man who dared to plot against his honor, and make love to his wife, but he waited to hear Norah's answer. It came at last. " Yes," Norah said, and oh J how softly and tenderly her sweet voice thrilled, "yes, I know you love me, and that knowledge is my only com fort. I cling to it with all my strength. Yob, I know you love me, and you must know that I-that I-" Jim waited to hear no more, but turned and made his way to the hall, staggering as he went. Five minutes later he was galloping across the park like a madman. When he reached home, he went straight to hie smoking-room and flung hhneelf into his favorite chair. He tried to think, bat his thoughts were, in a whirl, and hie brain seemed on. fire. He wished to consider the mat ter calmly and coolly, but found that an utter impossibility. One thought alone possessed him, one bitter, cruel, maddening thought. Norah was lost to him for ever. With his own ears he had heard her encourage another man to make lore to her. Norah, his Norah, his wife whom he had loved so dearly and trusted so blindly, had played him false. With all his strength ne strove to forget the words that he had overheard; but he could not for get, and memory was madness. It is impossible to put into words all that he suffered. The whole night long he sat alone in his smoking-room, fighting with himself and with this crushing sorrow that had bowed him to the earth. When the morning dawned, the cold grey light that stole in through the chinks in the curtains showed him to be but the wreck of his former self. What should he do ? That was the question that forced itself with mad dening persistency into his brain, and the answer was not easy to find. There were two or three courses open to him, but he could not decide which to follow. He considered and reconsidered them all, but none gave him satisfaction. At last a sudden thought struck him that put the others to flight. There was to be a Large party at Woodlands that night. Mrs. Mervyn had invited him, and he had refused her invitation; but now he would go. He would give himself one more chance of seeing with his own eyes, and hearing with his own ears; and if his suspicions were confifmed he would tell Norah then and there that all was discovered, and that Bhe was free to go to her lover. Acting on this idea he drove over to Woodlands in the evening, feeling like a man who is going to niB execution. In the hall he found Mr. Mervyn en joying a surreptitious cigarette, and was welcomed with great cordiality. " So you've changed your mind, Jim, and come to see the show after all ? that's right. I am enjoying my self in my own way, you see; dancing in one room, theatricals in another, neither of them in my line, so I came out here to have a quiet smoke. Bet ter stay and join me." At that moment Mrs. Mervyn came slowly down the wide staircase, and crossed the hall towards the two men, struggling with a refractory bangle that refused to fasten. " Try and do this for me, Edgar," she said. Then she looked up and her eyes fell on Jim. " Mr. Kennedy!" she cried. " Yes, it's Jim," said her husband; " you needn't look as if you'd seen a ghost." The startled look still lingered on her face, and she laughed, nervously. " You are the last person I expected to see," she said to Jim, " you refused so positively." " Upon my word, that's a hospitable speech," cried Mr. Mervyn. "Jim has changed his mind, and we're very glad to see him. Come, take him into what you call the theatre, Kate, and let him look at his friends making fools of themselves." Mrs. Mervyn led the way across the hall, and Jim followed like a man in a dream. It all seemed so strange, so unreal; he could hardly realise the state of affairs. A minute or two later he wbb in the room that was doing temporary duty as a theatre. One or two people spoke to him and he answered, but made no attempt at conversation. He looked round in search of Norah, and, failing to find her, threw himself into a chair and gave way to gloomy thought. The bell rang, and the curtain rose on the second act, but Jim did not look up. He felt no interest. What were the mimic joys and woes of the stage to him ? They could not com pare with the tragedy of his own life. He sat there, with his eyes fixed on the ground, wrapped in miserable meditations, till all at once a voice sounded through the room that thrilled him like an electric shock. It was Norah's voice. What were the words she was saying ? "No, no, you can do nothing. Heaven only knows how miserably unhappy I am, but no one can help me-leaBt of all you." Jim drew a long deep breath, and raised his eyes slowly, like a man awaking irom some hideous dream. Norah was on the stage-his Norah, looking prettier than he had ever seen her; and by her side, holding her hand in his, stood Captain Warner. "I can sympathise with you, if I can do no more. Tell me what troubles you-it is always a relief to talk to a sympathetic friend. I am afraid you and your husband are not very well matched." There was no need to hear more. Jim saw it all now. wis in a lightning flash everything was made plain to him. What he had overheard the day before was s rehearsal of this particular scene, and he had thought-he thought-Ah! what jhad he dared to think ? He cowered, guiltily, as he remembered all. Norah must never know of what he had accused her in his mind, never. He hardly knew how to sit through the remainder of the play ; it seemed interminable; bat it came to an end at last, and the curtain fell, amidst great applause. Norah flew upstairs as soon as the performance was over, to change her dreBS and wash the rouge and powder from her face. Her first attempt at acting had been a distinct success, there could be no two opinions about that; and she was, naturally enough, proud of the fact. She smiled, well pleased, as she dipped a sponge in soft water, and began to bathe her face. There was a sharp knock at her door, and Jim came into the room. " Here you are, my darling," he cried, gladly. She paused in her operations to look up at him " Yes, here I am, and likely to be ; I don't when I shall get rid of this horrid rouge. So you were there after all, Jim; I saw you in the audience, and I was so surprised. Why did you change your mind ? It all went off splendidly, didn't it, and-and-oh 1 Jim are you very cross with me." " Gross with you ? " He had come quite close to her now. " No, I am not cross with you, Norah, why should I be?" "Well, I was afraid you would be, and I sent for you yesterday, so that I might explain matters, bat you didn't come. You see, I was rather forced into it; I could not very well help my self. Mrs. Mervyn made such a point of my undertaking the point, that I could not refuse. I thought it was rather a risque part, but I'm awfully glad you are not cross." Jim took her in his arms, sponge and all, and kisBed her wet face. " I'm fonder and prouder of my little woman at this moment than I have ever been before," he said, " but I think we'll have no more theatricals, Norah darling; tbis shall be your first and last appear ance." "Veiy weli," said Norah, returning the kiss with interest; " I'm sure I don't mind anything, as long as you are not cross." And that was the end of Mrs. Mer vyn's attempt at revenge. * * * * " What, going so soon, Mr. Ken nedy ? " Mrs. Mervyn looked up with a well stimulated air of surprise, and smiled pleasantly into Jim's white wrathful face. " Yes," he replied, " but let me first thank you for giving me an opportunity of attending the performance as well as the rehearsal." 