CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The December quarterly meeting of the Kooringa Wesleyan circuit was held at Koorisga on December 29 at the, house of Mr. A. Harris, Kooringa. The attendance of members was fair, the Rev. R. M. Hunter presiding. The report on membersbipshowed :— Full members, 131 ; removed, 6 ; died, 1 ; ceased, 2 ; received, 1\. The income was £82 6s. 4d., and expendi ture, £81 5?. 3d.; present debt), £4 0s. lid. Arrangements were sanctioned for holding harvest thanksgiving services and Sunday school anniversaries. The report on Sunday schools was satisfactory. . . Thanks were passed to the retiring steward. Mr. W. Pearce, sen., who was unable to be present. Dr.- R. Brutn mitt and Mr. T. Kitchen were appointed senior and junior stewards respectively. Mr. A. Harris was elected representative to the conference. A resolution on invitations to ministers, condemning the practice of inviting ministers who were not completing their term in their circuits, was carried. Arrangements were made for the next meabing, and thanks given to Mr. and Mrs. Harris for their hospi tality. Five members of the Salvation Army, natives of Southern India and Ceylon, were travelling through to Melbourne by the B. & O. mail steamer Australia, which arrived on Friday morning. They have come out for the purpose of conducting a campaign throughout Australia, by means of which they hope to raiee funds to assiet them in carrying on the work among their fellow countrymen. The members, Sunday-school teachers, and congregation of the Glen Osmond Baptist Church presented Mr. W.M. Hall with an illuminated address mounted .in a handsome , gilt frame on the ocoasion of his resigning the office of secretary of the church, which position he has held since the formation of the churoh ten years ago. Mr. Hollidge, who presented the address in the unavoidable absence of Mr. James Fowler, hoped Mr, Hall would resume his position on his return from his 12 months' holiday. ? ' . Bishop Kennion occupied the pulpit of St. Stephen's Churcb, Uraidla, on Sunday morn ing, being the Feast of the Circnmcisi jn of our Lord, and preached at St. - John's Church, Mylor, in the afternoon, and at the Church of the Epiphany, Crafers, in the evening. . :. The quarterly meeting of the Koorirjga and Hallett Bible Christian circuit was htld on Wednesday, December 28, at the residence, of Mr. Richard . Collins, Mount Bryan. There was a large attendance. The income for the quarter was reported to be within £5 of the quarter's expenditure. The report of the year presented by the pastor showed that seventeen young persons from the Sabbath-Bchools bad joined the ohureb, and 25 members had been added. The local preachers had worked with diligence and good feeling. The debts on three trust estates had been reduced. Mr. John Wise was appointed representative to the district meeting. The full amount of the missionary estimate had been raised, as well as a contribution to the China mission, while it.was also expected that by a little effort the circuit debt would be cleared off. The Rev. J. W. Mouland preached at the Prospect Wesleyan Church on 'Time's re demption' last Sunday morning to a large congregation. Miss Patohell presided at the organ, and Mr. Knill led an efficient choir that rendered an anthem suitable to the occasion. . The preacher took his text from Ephesiane ' y., ' 16, and said the figure of the text was caught from the marts of commerce, the incoming tides of commercial life casting up many a precious prize which was seized at the right moment and which 'led on to fortune.' Bat uncertainty and disappointment wait upon all earthly things and prospects. Certitude lies only in one direction— thai wherein stands Ihe - Saviour with His promise 'Come to me and I will give you rest.' Christ ia never far o2i to him who humbly sdeks Him. . 'Nearer is He than breathing, nearer than hands an'd feet.' Mr. Mouland referred to the value of time, that little space between the wondrous past and the misty future allotted to man for the working but of life's .great enterprises- the- only ground on which' we could build charaoter and-ereet a temple of worship to the ' greafc the holy, and the High.' If many of those' whom death claimed during the past yegk could come from their graves and re-live tbajpr lives what a different verdict would theiead of 1893 record from that of 1892 ! How many temptations would be overcome, how much error remedied ! The foes that invaded the sacred domain of the soul — envy, greed, sel fishness, pride — would find .less provender on which, to satisfy their hunger. Many people valued time by the amount of enjoy ment, fashionable excitement, or money gathering' that marked each year; but we should value it by the ideal Christian character that may be formed within its sacred momente, each of which was pregnant with possibilities of good and evil. God's ' presence and the Holy Ghost's operatio on the heart w31 transmute the common moments into pearls and the daily duties into diamonds of- price less worth. - We ehould redeem time by lifting . each day above the level of its predeoessor. ^ Time's value can only be fully, known by seeing what every moment produces. The hearers wiere advised to buy up every, oppor tunity to inform the mind and enlarge ihe heart, and to regard time and duty as insepar able. The secret of the Church's weakness was in shutting God out of its minor con ferences, The name of God was oftener on the tongue than the spirit of Christ ib in the heart and life. The preacher closed with earnest entreaty to connect the present with the fnture in such a way as to redeem the time from frivolity and low desires. -?? 