SPOKT AND PLAY. BT " OLTMPUR." THKHK'B going to be a Big Boom in Cricket again this year: 1 am fully assured of that fact. In so far as the classification of the senior clubs luto divisions is concerned, there's no two ways about it. but what the idea was a masterstroke of genius. I thought that when 1 saiv those beautiful blue caps, with gold trimmings, ornamenting the hows of Harry Freeman and Co. up on the Carlton ground on Saturday. And then, of course, the eye naturally wandered to the toll (iag-pole, from which, gaiiy flaunting in the bree-/,?, limited the H division pennant, it's a funny thing, but, the same departure has lately besn lindn ill Horse Racing as in Cricket. Thus, we fiud, Mr. W. S. Cox, of Moonee Valley, splitting up bis Moonee Yalley Cup into n couple of stakes, on the principle, doubtless, that the more participators ill the spoil the better. And the thing has been a success—a huge success. Similarly the same verdict must be arrived at in connection with cricket. Here we hare twelve clubs battling away for pure honour and glory, with but little prospect for one-ball of them doing aught but spending the majority of their Saturday afternoons in the summer time •'scouting" whilst the top-sawyers are piling up the runs at an alarming rate. When they meet, their class, however, the thing findsits own level, and after a club jias been fortunate enough— or rather that its members have displayed sufficient skill — to prove victorious in the contests for the pennant attaching to the B division they are then fully competent to pit their a'rength against, teams of Ftill heavier calibre. THAT was the conclusion I arrived at last Saturday afternoon as I deposited inv " redundancy" on one of tlicse serviceable (if bardwoody) seats Secretary Frank Mitchell has had erected on the Carlton pavilion lawn (Hoaven save the mark!); and by tho time the afternoon's play was brought to a cessation it was open and palpable from their sturdy efforts against tho bowling talent of Fitzroy that tho Carlton lads were bound to add still further hays of victory to the laurel crowns they achieved last season. Hut this wasn't accomplished without an effort, take my word for it. When hostilities recommenced Fitzroy bad another wicket to fall and 220 runs on the board,and on Ellis inufling an easychance of a run-out some of the Carlton supporters began to fancy that the luck of the Dark Blues was completely out. However, their faces quickly lost a sombre aspect, and became wreathed with smiles, as M'Kirdy was seen to afford a chance to Ellis off Warne,'which the fielder was only too happy to acknowledge on sight, and Carlton commenced operations by sending Warne and Leith to the wickets. Beeuham and Hannah doing the trundling, tho former having the advantage of n strong gale behind biui. He had the temerity to send his firstdown on the leg side, whereupon Jack Leith suiote it for four, and immediately afterwards clouted him clean over the fence in the same spot. Fired by this example, Warne began to play the wood on as well, things going on right merrily for Carlton, despite tho fact that Jack Worrall relieved Beechain. Disaster first overtook the batsmen, however, through Warne playing up to a bumpy one from Hannah that he might profitably have let se^ erelv alone, as he brought it down into his wicket, and retired with 12 to his name. KHis joined Leith, and Mitchell wasentrusted with the leathern sphere, his earlier deliveries appearing to trouble the batsmen terribly, only fiveruns being scored off his opening LI overs. DUKINO this time, too, be succeeded in bowling Leith, neck and crop—a Bid disaster for the Carltonians, who looked upon him as being extremely likely to run up a big score, whereas Ellis was poking about in a half-hearted sort of fashion, which threatened every minute to result ill him losing the number of his mess. This was fearfully apparent .vhon M'Kirdy was put on to deliver his " wiudjarabers," with which Ellis was evidently ill at ease, whereas his ris-o-ris. Watling, 1 gave them Jack-up-tho-orrhard in rare style. After knocking up K, though, Iiob Mitchell bowled Watliug with n hailer, and Bill Anderson occupied the vacant crease, but succumbed after scoring 9, Coliu Campbell catching him off Mitchell, Harry Freeman put; on a score when licecham got in a leg-before-wicket decision against him. and just as Fred Jiolfe bad turned the double figures (11) Jack Worrall dismissed him with an undeniable one. Meanwhile >L,t Ellis was pursuing the even " tenners " of his way, it not being until he had passed the threescore by two that Mitchell broke through his defence. As I stated before, Ellis was very cramped nnd " pokefied" during the first part' of his innings, but for all that his contribution was simply invaluable to his side. So was young Pullar's masterly exhibition for .11 (not out), W. Smith (the wicketl;eep?r — and a right goird wicketkeeper, too !) being also not out with 2 to his credit when the stumps were drawn on Saturday afternoon. Carlton then having to getHO runs to win, with three wickets to fall, a properly awkward position, considering the style in xv'jinh Mitchell and Hannah had been rocking theui ill, and the first- classform Hastings was displaying behind the sticks. On Monday the three wickets fell for l(i runs. Pullur being caught by Beeeham oft' M'Kirdy for Hit, whilst lleechamiioist.Smith with liis own petard by stumping him off Mitchell for 7. Kenny was bowled by SI-Kirdy before Scoring, and Hiokey carried out his bat,for 2 ; Fitzroy proving victorious hy It- runs. For the victors Mitchell took five, wickets for :i3, M'Kirdy two for Hi, Worrall one for 2'J, and Manila one for 51. . BuuiiiT shone the sun and bilmy was thfi breeze last Thursday afternoon as 1 sat opposite Mr. E. JJ. Manning in a railway train dashing down the Gippsland line. And yet there was a look of care on the East Melbourne Secretary's phyisognomy, albeit not altogether connected with that "century" which was "seat awry" after being duly landed on Sainfoin. "That was a rarebit of bad luck for your hoys that postponement of a Saturday," T remarked, " as it enabled Jem Phillips to get in his good work last week, with 5 wickets for 42. To which E. H. M. replied " Ah, yes! Jem is a very solid man." And then he continued:—"You weren't down there? No! Oh, we should have done better than we did, though, there's no doubt about that." "But I suppose the, wicket was very damp after the recent heavy rainfall," was my next interjection. "No," was his auswer; "the fieldingground was dead, certainly; it took a rJre good stroke to drive the ball to tho chains; but it wasn't a bad wicket by any means. Sow, if this weather continues," he said, gazing out lovingly on the brilliant suushine da/.zlingly effulgent on the carpetted pasture-land, "our ground will be as fast as fire on Saturday, and we won't stand tho ghost of a show of beating Melbourne. And you kno'v"(this very, very confidentially) "if our boys could only score a win against Melbourne now thai lliev have their • big ' tueu away, look at the confidence it would give them by the t.iiue they had to meet them again. I am certain," said he, " we have such a strong batting team, that we could defeat every other team wo meet if we were only successful in this match against Melbourne; but owing to our wretched start that seems nearly a mittec of impossibility. However "—:t,his with a darn-it-all-never-say-die sort of an air)—" we have got- hold of a rattling good bowler iu young A. E. Trott, and what sort of a man is Percy Lewis behind the wickets? and so one never eau tall what may happen." AND, by gollv! E. B. Manning was perfectly right, as the Improbable once more Happened, aud, instead of being defeated, East Melbourne came out on top in the first inningB by no less than 7r> runs. You talk about the luck of cricket! Why, the odds were a Million to One that Melbourne would win when Frank Walters could go in and score 31 io his own cheek. Because, don'tcherknow, everybody says that Frank Walters, is a " Big Funk " as a batsman ; nd what everybody says surely to goodness must e true. Certainly the .Toii mooters must linvo fielded up like demons, seeing that the only undry was a no-ball. Aud, touching this same no-ball, it seems awfully funny to me if it was so called (as tlie-Argus says it was) because Trott, in delivering the ball, accidentally knocked a bail ff the wicket at the bowling end. There's no " no-ball " about that, provided that the ball is fairly bowled (not thrown or jerked), and that ho bowler delivered it with one foot on the ground behind the bowling crease and within the return crease. TJie umpire might just as well decide that in the event of a batsman dashing iuto a wicket whilst running he was entitled to declare a " short run." One is just as sensible a proceeding as the other. Rule 20 of the Slarylebone code places it beyond the possibility of doubt that the mwa fact of a bail—or even both bails—being off doesn't affect the wicket as such. And if you want corrobornt iou of mv contention, read llule 2'J for yourselves :— "the wicket shall be held to be' down' when either of the bails is struck off, or, if both bails be off, when a stump be struck out of the ground." There you have it; if the wicket be intact the displacing of the bails is quite sufficient, to constitute the wicket being " down ;" but if a bail or both bails be off, it doesn't signify one iota —the wickef is still in evidence, and can be put "down "by striking a stump outof the ground. HOWEVER, the solitary sundry scored, against Trott didn't make much difference to his average, as he succeeded in striking the stumps of seven of tho M.C.C. fellows clean out of the ground, whilst Charley M'Leod fell a victim to a catch off him made by Gordon after the batsman had made fl. Phillips was sent to the rightabout for a,. " duck," and found a companion in miser*' in R. Green. Trott's average was a spanking good one, as follows:—3 44 balls, S maidens, .51 runs, eight wickets. Frank Liver sent down 1HS balls-for ten maidens, 25 runs and 2 wickets: Charley Letcher trundling splendidly but, unsuccessfully, his figures being—1» balls, 3 maidens,!) runs. AN idea w-as prevalent after the close of the Melbourne first innings that the wicket was mainly responsible for the poor display: but on East Melbourne going iu for their second innings they quickly knocked the stuffing out of that theory by whangiug up .Nu rims for the loss of two wickets (P. M'AUister, bowled M'Leod, J9, and Charley Letcher, stumped Fitzgerald, bowled Phillips, is): George Vautin and Patro.ilus Oostelloe being the not-out men with :i:i and 10 respectively. Included in Vautin's total was one masterly stroke, right out. of the ground, for (i: O'Halloran's average suffering in this connection. MANY years ago—if NIY memory serves me correctly, when a combined fifteen were playing the First Australian Eleven—1 remember seeing Frank Allan being declared out for smiting a ball hard after he had previously blocked it. Whether the ball was spinning back iuto his wicket, or whether be did it out of pure " cussedness " I never knew; but all the same for that he was adjudged out over the matter, llule 37 of the Liws of Cricket stipulates that if the ball he struck, or be stopped by any part of his [the batsman's] person, and he wilfully strike it again, except it be done for the purpose of guarding his wicket, (which lie may do with his bat or any part of his person except his hands) the batsman is out for having hit the hall twice. On Saturday, in the Melbourne and Eist Melbourne match, a very curious print arose, aud strangely enough !—it arose in connection with that very curious ex- Kichuiondite, Doiitkuowuiyownmind Haddvick. In playing at a ball it got past him and rebounded off the'wicketkeeper's bauds on to tho bat with such force, as to enable a notch te>bs made. The East Melbourne men immediately appealed for a " hitting the ball twice" decision, winch was disallowed, albeit thq run was scored to Haddriclt. For my own part 1 fail to see how Haldrick was entitled to count the run, here, again, Rule 17 being extremely explicit on the point—" If the ball, not having bean called ' wide' or ' no ball,' pass the striker without touching his bat or person, and any runs be obtained, the umpire shall call 'bye:'"but if the ball touch any part of the striker's person (hand excepted), and any run bo obtained,the umpire shallcall 'leg bye;' such runs to be scored ' byes' and' leg byes' respectively. XouTit MELBOURNE proved too strong iu the bowling department for South Melbourne, although Dr. Edgar A. Barrett (caught Drapo bowled Steel) was not got rid of until he was within four of the much-coveted "century.' Dick Houston's nous assorting itself in utilising Steel's " insiuny vators," the undorarmer securing Bowman as well as Barrett, the firstnamed for a "duck." Altogether Steel's two wickets were secured at a cost of li> runs, so that further evidence was tendered (albeit such was hardly needed) that my friend Takadrinka must have cut his eye-teeth the day before yesterday. Dr. Barrett's innings was an exceptionally good one; considering that all tho lime he was at the wickets ho was "discomposed" iu the matter of weapons of c.ffeuce, no less than seven bats being brought into requisition by him during his innings. Which naturally gives rise to the question—" How much time would a batsman be allowed to cut to waste changing bats when time was of the essence of the contract ?" Oh, pardon me! This is a new branch of Cricket Industry that might be "cultivated profitably. I don't wish to infer lor a single moment that Edgar Barrett had tlie slightest desire to waste time; in fact, it was to his side's interest to hurry up and take due advantage of tho glorious afternoon ; but, you know, if one batsman is allowed to change bis bat seven times during an innings of at, another batsman might claim that he, too was entitled to have a new weapon every14- runs he, made. JACK CAKLTON took seven wickets for Gfi runs, one of them being Sam Morris, in the unsatisfactory l.b.w. racket. Sam's case appears to have been even more unsatisfactory than usual. Howlett captured one wicket (F. Waugh, 6) for 2 runs. Lyons (run out, 10) and Tarrant (1. b. w: Carlton, 16) were tho only other Southerner* besides Dr. Barrett to obtain double figuresthe South Melbourne first innings closing for 16li as against North Melbourne's 190. UNIVERSITY, with seven wickets down fo 1 ' 253, and on their own ground, held a decided, advantage over Richmond on operations being resumed on Saturday; but before another ruu had been scored Truuible was run out (or rather "Bhied out" by Wade at cover point), whilst after makin 5 I'hilpott allowed L. Keogh to get one past, his defence. Between George Sheahan and Quirk an addition of 1; runs was made to the score. Sheahatt being then well caught by Skillirorn at short-slip off IVade for 11; Qmrk carrying out his bat for a well-compiled 30; the Uni's first innings totalling 22<i. For Richmond, Rutherford took one wicket for 15; L. Keogh, two fur •1-K; Pa to n, three for 39; Wades two for 57; and Turner, one for4-15. RICHMOND were terribly unfortunate at the outset of their batting career, Rutherford (d) being well caught at the wickets by Moysey i f) M'Leod, Matthews (3) being run out whilst attempting a third run, and Whitehead playing Trumble on after scoring 3. . But with thro wickets down forfi, Tatchell and Tritfcon entered into a partnership which produced runs galorestacks of them; 12!! more being added to the scoie prior to young Tritton (a recruit from thsecond eleven) being bowled by Mackinnon after an extremely patient innings of 31. Twentyseven runs afterwards Tatehel! was unfortunate enough to have a ball from the same bowler glam e off his pad into the wicket, his magnificent compilation of !)(i including eight "fours" and ten "threes." One chance (at tlie wickets) was all that, could be urged against tho brilliancy of tindisplay, which, as an exhibition of free aggressive cricket—and at a time when naught save sucli-an exhibition could, avert defeat —. merited the heartiest demonstrations of delight. Skilliconi (2!>) and L, -Keogh (7) -played out time, when Richmond had lost five wickets for 188' runs, a»i! still required 39. On Monday Skilliconi and Keogh defied the attacks of the University bowlers, and succeeded in knocking up the runs wanted between them ; Skillicorn battiii" splendidly for oil. whilst Keogh ably seconded hiesortkms with a useful contribution of 2(3. WITH 179 to their credit, and having floored throe of the Ussendon men for-23, it would bavrbeen a fairly good thing for St. Kilda if Willyum Smiff could only have been induced to vacate tho ranch oil Saturday. But lie wouldn't do anything of the sort. He stuck theiv, stuck there like a limpet to a rock. And what was the consequence ? Why. between Woodhouse (three wickets for 4'J), M.'Sbano (three for and Smith (ouc for 10j matters were prettywell-thank-you, even although Ted Archer dri worry up 44 before Kelly caught, him off Smith, Alf Carlton run out 17 first and himself afterwards, aud Wardrop accounted for 10 previousUs Woodhouse accounting for him. But Bill Smili = 82 (not out) w as a staggerer that there was no chance of " sarcumventing," the consequeuce being that when time was called the Essendun score was within 4- of the Saints' total, whilst they had two wickets still to fall, E. Hunterbein? the other not out man, with 0. Till; South Yarra Presbyterian Cricket Ciuh eleven performed another remarkable feat "u Saturday during the progtess of their uiub'a with the Prahran Presbyterian Cricket Club, the ground of the latter, Dandcnong-ro:id. Prahran went in firstand succeeded in making11 runs all told ; D. Niven capturing seven wickets for 9 runs, whilst E. Thompson obtained throe for 5. Thompson was likewise in evidence « itl> the bat, he being top scorer for his aide with 2t>, .1. Brown coining second with 12 ; the South Ynrra first innings totalling 74, On Prahran taking their second innings the falling of Autumn leaves in Yallambrosa wasn't a circumstance alongside the manner iu which Thompson ?.n'd Nivea "slaughtered" them, the former securingsixwickets for a solitary run,and Niven accounting f<ir 4 at & cost of only 2 runs. From the form displa; ud by Niven in the two opening matches tills season in the hard wicket competition of tlie Presbyterian Athletic Association it is more than probable he would prove very successful a* M bowler on turf, his style being described to me a- very graceful, combined with which he possess a natural (aud very effective) leg break. 