OUTLAW AND LAWMAKER. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of 'The Head Station,' 'The Bond of Wedlock,' 'The Brother of the Shadow,' 'Passion and Policy,' 'Kadine,' 'An Australian Heroine,' aud joint author with Mr. Justin McCarthy of 'The Ladie3 Gallery,' ' The Right Honorable,' &o.; (Published by specUl arrangement with the author. £11 lights re Bervcd] Chapter XIX. — The Club Ball. 'Elsie sobbed all night, the sobs of outraged maidenhood. He had conquered. She knew it too well. His kisses burned on her lip?, and the burning was sweet agony. She loved him. But — and here came the hideous doubt — did he love her ? Had he only been amusing him self? Had he o'nly been revenging dead Jensen ? Oh, what concerns of his were this dead man's wrongs ; Had he only been play ing out the game at which he had challenged her skill? If he loved her, she told herself, he would come on the morrow. He would come in proud humility and ask him to forgive him, certain of her pardon. She heard the steamer bells as the Ullagong with the Waverings on board steamed up the river. She got up and looked out through the blurr of her tears. It was grey dawn — the dawn she thought of her day ot destiny. Would he come? She determined that she would torture herself no more with specula tions. She got up and dressed and set herself savagely to her household tasks. It was perhap3 fortunate that Mrs. Valliant was too preoccupied with the thought of the Waveryngs' visit and the effect it would have upon Ina to notice the pale face and wild eyes of her eldest daughter. She could talk of nothing but Lady Waveryng. Would Ina meet her sister-in-law aft the wharf ? Would she call at Government House that afternoon ? Lady Stukeley would now be obliged to take some notice of Ina's family. Ik was she who suggested E!sie should walk down to Fermoy's and learn something of Ina's arrange ments. Lord Horace was in the verandah talking excitedly to a plain, rather heavy, good natured looking man in a light tweed suit and with something of the tourist air. The man's eyes rested admiringly on Elsie as she stepped along the sidepath, not daring to look at any of the other windows which opened on to the verandah, lest, perchance, she might encounter Biake. Bub Blake was at his office, as befitted a new Minister, anxious to learn his duties, and. there was no need for that startled flush which caught Lord Waveryng's attention. 'By Jove,' she heard him say, 'do they breed 'em like this out here?' 'My wife's sister, Miss Valliant,' eaid Horace, as she opened the gate of the veran dah. 'Elsie, this is Waveryng. Bought 'em straight along to see Ina iu spite of the Stukeleys.' 'Lady Stukeley will understand perfectly,' said Lord Waverjng. 'Em made it straight. Of course Em wanted to see the new &ister-iu-; law.' And thus Elsie gleaned that the Waveryngs meant to be nice. 'They're bricks, ain't they?' said Horace aside. Ina was 'in the sitting-room, where a very trim, very handsome, very decided, and rather voluble lady bad taken possession of her. Laay Waveryng was- a beauty. She was very like her brother Lord Horace and had charming manners, though her once lovely complexion had got a little spoiled in the hunting field. Hunting ^nd yachting were the two things she liked oest in the world. Elsie heard ber say she only wiahed their yacht had been big enough to go round the world ib, but on the whole she wasn't sure that she did hot prefer ocean steamers, and the passengers made it more amusing. They had a perfectly lovely time in Ceylon. Singapore was go interesting, and the whole Torres Straits route delightful. ' And this is Elsie, I am sure,' and she got got up as Elsie entered. ' Horace sent us your photograph with Ina's to show us how easy it was to fall in love with Australian girls.' Lady Waveryng shook Elsie's hand warmly and then ehe kissed Ina. \- They must fly. She did not know what the Stukeleys would say to her. And there was so much to be done. And ebe understood there was to be a ball that evening some where, and her maid had been so upset with seasickness, that she would have to go and do her own unpacking. They started off, Horace with them. Lady Waveryng kissed her hand as she turned the Ferry Hill and walked along leaning on her silver- mounted stick', looking iu her neat tailor- made -dress and dainty hat, Elsie thought, unapproachably simple and thorough bred. ' Yoii^t see,- Ina, you needn't; have been frightened bf.theiBf' said. Elsie. ' They're,., coming to the Dtll,' said Ina. 'TbeyTeay' that they're longing to do some ? bush travelling. Lady Waveryng wants to hunt kangaroos. She says I must call her ' Em.' We are to dine at Government House this evening — a family party '; sud, oh ! EIeis, I am so sorry, but you'll arrange to go with the Prydes or Mrs. Jem Hallett, won't you, to the club ball, and wait for me in the cloak room ?' 'The club ball?1 said E'sie. 'Oh! I had forgotten.' And in truth her heart and mind had been too full for the thought even of a ball to find a place there. 'It doesn't matter,' she eaid. 'Ye?, I'd Srrange somehow.' 'And your bouquet, El-ie,:- said Ina. ' Do you think Mr. Blake will send you one this time?' '?No,' exclaimed Elsie almost fiercely. 'He will not send meonp. Why should he? Let us go over to tho gardens, Ina, and bfg eome azaleas and camellias from the curator.'1 She did not get back to Riverside till her verandah reception hour. She bad a wild fancy that Blake might bo there waiting for her. Ministers were not tied to their offices like the humble fry of Civil servants and bank clerks. The bank clerks were there — and ?Dominic Trant was there, but no Blake, It was Trant who brought her a bouquet, and a very beautiful one of tea roses and maiden - hair feru and crimson double geranium. He bad been at some pains to find out from Lady Horace what Elsie's colors were to be. No other bouquet had come, and she eaid she would wear this one and thanked him very prettily. He wondered what had hap pened to her and why her manner was so strained aud conscious. Mau-lika he attri buted it to his own influence. Was it possible that he was beginning to affect her? He had an immense faith in his power of influencing women, His dark eyes glowed passionately upon her face. To flirt with him at that mo ment was a distraction and an anodyne to the fierce pain which tormented her. She felt a wicked pleasure in playing with him as a oat might have plajed with a mouse. Yes, she would give him some dances. She would not say how many. They would wais until they were in the ballroom. What was it that he wanted to say to her? If it was going to be anything very interesting and exciting she would listen with the greatest pleasure. She wanted to ba amused, taken out of herself. Did he think he could do that for her? 'Yes,' Trant answered deliberately. He thought he could at least interest her. He would not promise not to offend her. Perhaps a little at first she might be jarred ; women were always jarred by what was real in a man. He meant to be his real self. Mr. Anderson and Minnie Pryde came in. Minnie was dying to hear all about) Lady Waveryng. They sat in the verandah till it was nearly dressing time. And no one ebe came. Blake never appeared. In the evening the Prydes called for her in the jingle — Minnie and her father, who was in one of the Government offices — there was no Mr3. Pryde— and they drove round by the bridge and along the river embankment till they got into the string of carriages waiting to pass towards the awning stretched out from the entrance to the club-house. _ The club was a pretty low building with wide verandahs and a big garden gay with colored lanterns. The covered way from the street was hung with flags, the ball-room looked very brilliant with its decorations of flaming poinsettia against a background of palms. Where had all the - crimson flowers come from ? There was nothing else— garlands of red geraniums and euphorbia aud vivid pomegranate deepen ing into the darker tones of the red camellias and azaleas and the great flags of poinsettia. Minnie Pryde bewailed her pink dress, which waa quite out of harmony with the prevailing coloring. ' Oh, Elsie, how clever of you to find out what they were going to decorate with,' she cried, looking admiringly at Elsie's cloudy white gauze with its splashes of crimson at waist: and bosom. Elsie'a cheeks were almost as bright as the crimson flowers, but the color came and went and there was a frightened look in her eyes. Frank Hallett, who was one of the stewards, was waiting 'near the doorway. ' Your sister asked me to tell you not to wait in the cloakroom,' he said. ' She may be late. We've been dining at Government House, you know, and Mr. Blake and I managed to get away before the rest because of being stewards'. Mis. Jem will chaperon you till Inacomee.' Mrs. Jem was gorgeous in maize and black lace, which suited her brunette coloring and her affectation of matronhood. She had taken . her place among the higher magnates and did not smile quite as sweet a welcome to poor pariah Elsie as Frank Hallett would have wished. But Mrs. Jem was wisein'her genera tion and she bad a shrewd notion that Lord Waveryng would take to Elsie and it was quite evidentthatElsie'spositionin Leichardt's Town society would be somewhat changed by the Waverynga' stay at Government House and the admission of Lady Horace into that inner circle from which she had been in her girlhood so rigorously excluded. ' Yes, lovely,' said Mrs. Jem, in answer to a remark of Lady GarfiYs. ' But you know I always said that Ina was so much better style and the rouge is quite evident to-night. Ic is such a pity/1 Butevtnasshe spoke Elsie's cheeks belied the accusation. The girl went deadly white for an instant and then the crimson tide welled up again. Blake was coming towards them. There was nob a shadow of consciousness in his manner. He stopped to salute Mrs. Jem and eugage her for a set of lancers. Yes, he had been dining at Government House. He had thought that Mips Valliant might be with Lady Horace. He bowed ceremoniously to Elsie. ' How charming Lady Waveryng was ? and how nice to see her so devoted already to Lady Horace; though of course she was certain to be that.' Was it Blake who was uttering these banalities? Elsie waited. He had not) yet asked her to dance. Trant was hovering.near, watching her with jealous eyes and now he pushed himself forward. 'Miss Vallianf, this is my dance.' Elsie looked at her card. Ib had got pretty well filled already. Frank Hallett'a name was down several times and the bank clerks had been given a sop apiece, and the more im portant dancing men — the unmarried mem bers of the Assembly and some strangers from a neighboring colony, had each set down their initials. But Elsie had kept some blanks ou whioh ehe had placed a hieroglyph of her own. 'No, you have made a mistake. It is the nexb one. This is a galop. They are not keeping to the programme.' ' Oh, they won't do that until the great people come,' 6aid Blake. 'And here they are, and we stewards must go and receive them.' The band struck up ' God save the Qaeen.' There was a little confusion at the entrance, and presently the Governor's fine head ap peared above the collar of his uniform and Lady Waveryng's tiara of diamonds at his shoulder. 'How handsome she is, and bow like Lord Horace,' murmured Mrs. Jem. The Leichardtstoniana wondered that they had not thought more of Lord Horace, and a pangshob through Lady Garfib. Oh, why hadn't she managed to marry him to Kose? Lady Waveryng's diamonds and aristocratic head seemed the visible symbol of poor little Ina Gage's unmerited social advancement. Lady Waveryng had an air and an aplomb that could only belong to an aristocrat. And she was so simple and so unaffected, and looked about ^vith such evident interest, pointing to the poinsettia leaves and saying something to Blake as she passed him that produced a bow of etident acknowledgment of a compliment on the taste of the stewards. Lady Waveryng's eyes went back to Blake in a puzzled sorb of way. 'Do you know who he is and if he belongs to the Castle Coola people?' ehe said to the Governor. 'I can't get rid of the im pression that I know his face. Bub I don't know which of the Coola people he could be. All the brothers are dead.' Sir Theophilus Stukeley did not know. He had never met any of the Castle Coola people : always avoided Ireland and thanked Provi dence that he had not be6a born an Irish landlord. Lady Waveryng laughed. 'Oh, but the Coolas are of the landlord type— the rough Tories ; at least Lord Coola is at any rate. Waveryng has some fishing near them, aud that's how I came to know them. But he has all the traditions. It's so sad that all the sons are dead and the property must go to some dreadful English lawyer whom one of the daughters married. It seems quite out of keeping that the castle, banshee and all, phnuld go into Sassenach hand?. Oh ! Mr. Blake, I beg your pardon.' She became suddenly conscious that Blake wa3 clo3e to her and that he was devouring what she said. ' I am sure you are one of the Coola people, aren't you? Please tell me are you related to Lord Coola ?' 'la a hundredth degrse,' he answered. 'AU the Blakes, I suppose, came originally from the Coola stock.' He withdrew, reflecting that he had involved himself iu complications. The Governor and Lady Waveryng went to the upper end of the room. Lord Waveryng had Lady Stukeley ou his arm. Ina came iu with the aide-decamp and Lord Horace with the private secretary's wife. ''By Jove, that sister-in-law cf Horace's beats them all to fits,' said Lord Waveryng. 'I am going to ask her if she will dance with me.' He led Elsie out for the firat waltz after the State quadrille, in which imposing cere monial she had naturally no place. He found her very charming, so he confided to his wife, and with a delightful sense of humor. She had asked him how he and Lady Waveryng bore the shock of the introduction to Horace's barbarians. She had also informed him that) lords and lesser members of the aristocracy were ab a discount on the diggings and they had never been able to get up a sufficient sense of the honor to which Ina had been raised. Sho thought, however, that acquain tance with Lord Waveryng might now enable them to realise their advantages. She said all this with grave simplicity, looking into Lord Waveryng's face with her beautiful, shy eyes, always keeping that expression of vague pain ?and alarm. AU this time Blake had never- a«kf-d her to dance. He had danced with Lady Waveryne, with Ina. with Kose Gaifit. He had smiled at her in au absolutely conventional manner when their eyes met, but he had never shown the least desire for any private conversation. What did it all mean? Had he baen mad last night? Had she been mad or dream ing? Or was it merely that the game was p): »'d and that he wished her to understand tL'j and that her claims upou his attention were ab an end ? Wei', he should see that she did not care. She smiled upon Trant with reckless witchery aud let him take her into the square of garden behind the club house — a dim patch of fairy land—palms outlined againft the pale moonlit tlcy, colored Iauip3 hanging on the fantastic brandies of the monkey trees aud gleaming in thickets of bamboos. The bamboos made a soft rustling in the night wind. The datura flowers scented the air with their heavy fragrance. There were little tents here and there and cane lounges with brighb red cushions set in secluded corner?. To one of these Traut led her. Her shoulders were bare and she shivered slightly as he came close to her. 'It is too cold to be oub in the garden,' she said. 'did; no, nob in tVie least. But see how thoughtful I have been.' He lifted bis arm and showed ber a white wrap which be had been carrying half con cealed by her bouquet. He had asked per mission to hold thab for her while she had finished her dance wibh Mr. Anderson. ' It is Ina's,' eaid Elsie. . 'Thank you.' He put it on her shoulders. She took her . bouquet from him. 'Thank you,' she said again. ' I dor-'o think there is' anything you can do for me except amuse mo.' — — - -, — ^i-f-n ? , -| — j|-rf ? «^ — ^^^— ^^* *- 'I shall not amuse yon,' hd answered, '.^ am too deadly serious for that.' . 'Deadly seriousness may bs amusitfg somel timei Go on, Mr. Trant. Talk— talkx — ' ' ' What shall I talk about— you or myaslf f ' Or both. Do you like my dress? Do jotj think I look nice ?'r i, €f ' You look beautiful,' lie said deliberately. Every time I look ab you I— I wanfr to kiea you.' - , She shrank— 'Don't, please, talk like fiiat.' m « ld ^onM jar upon you if I allowed myself to be real, didn's I? Thafs what! really feel, though. I want aU the time to: t ™y£u.T m? arms ana °°ver y°u wi'11 kiflBes» i would do it too. if ? ' She got up. 'Please take me in. Idon'6 hkf you when you say wild things.' 'Don't be afraid. I have too much respeob | for you to offend. Besides my time isn^yet. . When I kiss you it shaU be with your psrmlsl Bion — unless ? ' * ? 'Unless what?' J ?'Unless I see that you wiU never freely ? give me permission. Then I shall take it ; butr ! I do things in a big way, Miss Valliant— nob 1 ib a hole-and-corner^ fashion. Ib wouldn't suib i' me to snatch a kiss in a garden and see you go : off in a fit of indignation, thinking me aa : odious cad. You wouldn't think me a cad if : I seized a kiss in some wild lonely place with not a soul in earshot; a place like Batbliri \ Waterfall, leb us say, where you would ba ' utterly helpless and at) my mercy. There'd ba * something big about, that. You'd be too ' frightened to teU yourself I wa3 a cad. You'd } be frightened enough almost to imagine me a ; hero ; and then perhaps I shouldn't take the '- kiss. Perhaps I should act a chivalrous parb, ? : and in the end maybe you would give ib to ma' ? of your own accord.' ; Elsie laughed. There was Eomething in his' ? wooing that, rough as it was, appealed to her., ? Instead of moving away she sab down awaitr ' and leaned a Utttle towards him, huddled in i her cloak. a , ' Well,' he said. 'lam beginning to in- '' terest you, am I not ? I know exactly whati ; sort o£ woman you are. I think a man might! ; have a chance with you if he carried you by I force. Elsie, listen ? ' i She shook her head and made a gesture of ' rebuke. ; ' Yes. I shall caU you Elaie, thia once. '- Elsie, Elsie. It is a beautiful name. I de- [ light in the name. Elsie ! I say ib to myselE ; when I am alone. I kiss you in imagination ! when I am alone. Elsie, I love you.' | 'Mr. Trant ? ' ! ' You can't prevent me from loving you ; I ' have the right to do so, just) as much as Biake : only he doesn't love any woman, be is nob capable of loving anybody but himself ? ' ? E!sie gave a little inarticulate cry of pain. j 'Something happened last night) between ! you and Biake. Oh, I know ib aa well as if ? you or be had told ma I haven't been with ! Blake all these years for nothing. I know the ' signs of his face. I know what ib means when ; he puts on that eorb of mask he is wearing to- '? night. It means thab the devil is in him, and ' that he will go his way come what will. Don'b be bis victim, Miss Vallianb. It's for your ! own good I say it ; don't believe in Blake.' I Elsie turned on him, her face quivering with ! passionate anger. \ 'Be silent on thi3 subjecb; say what) you ; choose about yourself. That doesn't matter^ I It's only -amusing, it interests me in a way. ' But don't insult me by mentioning Mr. Blake's j name in connection with mine. I will nob ^ have ib.' '? : 'VerywelL But I have warned you. And - I have as good a right to make love to you aa : Mr. Frank Hallett, and that according to : L&ichardt;'a Town gossip means a good deal, if, ' as they say, you were engaged to him before ! Blake came on the scene. There, I am offend* j ing again. We'll leave Blake oub of the ques- i tion.' ' ' ' I wa3 never engaged to Mr. Frank HaUettJ I Now you have said what you wanted to say ; and there is an end. You are quite right, no one could prevent you. Bub when I have gi veni ' you my answer the incident will be closed, as' : they say.' ; ? 'I haven't asked you for an answer,' ha ; eaid imperturbably. 'I don't want tocloaa the incident. I intend to open ib again. I love you and I mean to marry you.' , ' Elsie laughed nervously. 'ReaUy, Mr. j Traub. Am I nob to have a voice in the ? matter ?:i ? 'Ob, yes, later on. But you must get ao ! customed to the idea. I'm not a poor man. ! Miss Vallianb. It may be as well that I should ' mention this, and I intend very Ehortly to cuti this life— for good and alL I have had enough I of it. I propo38 in a few months to leave \ Australia and to take my money oub of the ' place. I shall not have done such a bad thine ? out of Australia ? ?' Trant laughed his odd : laugh—' and then I shaU go to Europe and I . shall enjoy life.' ' I am glad to hear it.' [ 'I shall be in a position to give my wife i most of the things that a woman likes — travel, : amusement, society, dress, luxuries, aud what ' ought to counb a little, unbounded devotion. ; That does count for something with a woman, \ doesn't it?' ; ' It depends on who offers ib.' \ 'I'm nob such an odiously unattractive fellow — ab least I've managed to make soma women care for me. I know I could make you ; care for me if I seb to work in the right way. ; Anyhow I mean to try.' j ' Ic will be no use at all, Mr. Tranb. It) will j be only a wasie of time.' i 'We shall see. I think you will have to I admit later thab I am a man of determina* ? tion.' ' ! 'Miss Valliant, I have been looking for you: everywhere. This is our dance,' The speaker was Lord Waveryng. Elsie got up and took his arm, and they went into '' the ballroom. | Chapter XX.- Loud Astab's Attentions. { As they went iu from the dim garden and ! through the verandah, which was like a con servatory with its decorations of palms, Elsie's dazzled eyes seemed to see iu the glare of the ballroom beyond only one face and form, and. those belonged to Blase. : He was standing close to the doorway. Elsie i wondered whether he would move away when | he saw her, but be turned straight to them. Bub Elsie noticed thab he kept hi3 eyea on ?? Lord Waveryng. and she noticed, too, an odd watchful expression in the eyes that Bhe had ? never seen there before. Lord Waveryng j spoke a word to him. He, too, kept bis eye3 with a hard puzzled stare on Blake. Ha ; said 'You see we weren't so long behind you : in getting here after alL But old Stukeley is . hard to move when it's a case of Mouton ; Rothschild '6S — capital wine thab — nob '? damaged in the least by the voyage.' ; '!Not damaged at all,' replied Biake in a ; mechanical tone. ': 'I say,' said Lord Waveryng abruptly, 'do you happen to remember what Lafitte Coola used to give us at the castle on high, dajs?:' ; Blake returned the look which Lord Waveryng gave him quite unflinchingly. ' No, I don't remember,' he said and turned to Elsie. 'Miss Valliant, lam afraid I am rather late in my application, but I must plead my steward's duties as a claim on your mercy. May I hope for the honor of a dance ?' ; Elsie's heart throbbed s-o violently thab sha instinctively pub the hand which her bouquet: shielded against ber side. She dared not look at him. The thought of the wild scene of the nighs before maddened her almost into fury. What right had he? how dared he think thab he could trifle with her so? 'lam sorry,' she said, and her words fell like drops of steel; 'but I am engaged; foe every dance.' Blake said nothing, he only bowed, and - Lord Waveryng pub his arm round Elsiaand tteered her into the dance. N ? ' 'I can see,' he said when they paused presently, ' thab Mr. Blake i3 nob quite ia your good books. I wonder how he has offtjudedyou. ' ' Oh, no,' said Elsie, trying to speak calmly. ' he has not offended me, bub of course ab this time of the evening I have no dances lefb.'- 'I would give a good deal,' said Lord Wavervng 'for the cheek to ask that man whether he is Morres Blake come to life again. I think Ishalldoibby-and-bye.' : ' Who is Morres Blaka?' asked Elsie. 'Lord Coola's brother, a feUow that fell over a cliff and was carried out to sea and * drowned; at least1, -so they said. But you . eee somebody miehb have picked him up and he might nob have been drowned; and what! gives the theory a spark of probability ia thab Blake would have been had up to a certainty ' ou a charge of inciting hid regiment to Fenianism if he had nob gob kiSled ab the nick of time for his family, and for his own reputa tion we won't) say his life, since if he i«w drowned ho lost thab anyhow.' *' Ah !' Elsie drew a deep breath. Things ! seemed to suddenly become clear to her. ' ' It must be ten or twelve years ago,' Lord' Waveryng went on. ' I met Blake, the Morre3 Blake you know, twice at Castle Coola, aud I , don't often forget a face ; in facb I've gob an astonishing memory for faces, Miss Vallianb. I ought to have been a royalty.' ' They went on asraia. In the nexb pausa Lord WaveryDg talked of Lord Horace. 'I'm \ prnng up to see the Dell.' he said. ' I hear Horace's works have come to a dead stop for want of funds. Well, if, he ia likely to keep out of mischief — aud he ought to with such a - charming wife— I might see if I couldn't) do I something. He is my wife's favorite brother,' though I can't say I ever had a great opinion i myself of Horace's capabilities, bub he ia a I good-hearted chap aud I had a lucky haul ' with the Two Thousand. I Rnppoae you know ; j that I go in for racing a bit. Miss Valliant, and . 1 might give Horace a helping hand. He 11 nob | get another penny from his father.' , For Ina's sake Elsie rejoiced ab Lord \ Waveryng's benevolenb intentions and I thought how pleased ber mother would ba J to hear of tho excellent impression Ina had | made. That was very evident. Lady . Waveryng was sitting now beside her sister- | in-law and they were on the most *ffeotionata j terms. - , I Frank Hallett came next en 4he lisb of Elsie's partners. ' Why aro you uo6 dauclog . with Blaks thia eresiog ?' he ftsk?d abruptly. *? 'I don't know.' sa£ ^jBje amply, end it 3rart:bim to bear th-^ aofee of pain in her voice. 'Frank,' she Za'A hurriedly, 'please don't talk to me ri-out Mr. Blake. Let us talk of ««her tjafigs— of how I am enjoying myself, \- for instance.' ?J Are you enjoying yourself, Elsie I ''Of ooorse I am. I have had a success. JEvery one has been telling me that I look very Well. liord Waveryng has been charming. I have been honored by an offer of marriage.' «he laughed hyBteri«(Oy. ' An offer/of marriage T Be said anxiously. ' I did not accept it.' She Btill laughed— *'*Bnl it -was— exciting. -Gome, Frank, don't let as lose any of this lovely waltz. I am in . wild spirits to-night.' o Tom Eisie. And yet when she went into the ?cloakroom in the early dawn it seemed to her as though her heart must break, bo agonising was the pain of it. Ail the pretty color had gone from her face. As she stood in the cor ridor Watingfor the jingle which was to take them over the bridge to Fermoy's she looked like a ghost with wild -eyes. ''Are you very tired, Miss Valliant f 'eaid Blake suddenly beside . her. She gave a great start. He wae still impassive. ? 'Yes,very tired,' she answered. . ♦'Have yon had a pleasant evening?' he asked inthe&ame; tone. 'Yes, thank you,' she answered. She lifted her eyes, which had not dared to meet bis. They met them sow and eomethiBgin the expression of his eased her pain. For there was pain, too, in his eyes- and a great yearning. 'Mr. Blake,' she exclaimed involuntarily &nd; made a faint* movement of her hand towards him. He put out biB hand and took here. 'Good night, 'Mfes Valliant,' he said, 'do you see that faint red etreak in the sky and do you know that in another honritwill be sunrise '- Sleep well and when you wake don't ? ' He hesitated and pressed her hand jib he relinquished it. ' Try not to think too hardly of me.' The girl said not a word. She moved proudly past him. 'Ina, I am sure the car riage is there,' she said, and at that moment Lord Horace came crossly to them. Iiord Horace had taken a little more champagne than was good for him. 'What an infernal time you have been with your cloaks,' he eaid. '-Come along, I can't seethe thing, and we may wain nere ran jjoomsaay tor it to fetch us. Come and get into the first jingle ?we can find that will take us to the ferry. We can walk the rest of the way.' A few minutes later Blake stood on the eteps of the Club-house lighting his cigar. He was going to walk to the ferry. Lord ?Waveryng joined him. 'You are going to walk, I see. So am I, and our ways lie together as far as the turning to Government House.' The two men stepped out into the fresh / scented air .of the early morning. There were {.tint sounds of awakening birds and inseots, and the greyne&s; was so clear that the color of the begonias which . festooned some of the verandahs along the roadway showed curiously brilliant.- They exchanged a few common ;- place remarks about the scenery, the vegeta tion, and the beauty of the river. Then Lord Waveryng halted suddenly and turned on sis companion, deliberately, taking his cigar \-- from his mouth. : : 'I think I ought to tell you,' he said, 'that ? I never forget a face and that I recognised you almost as soon as I heard your name this even ing. 1 presume yon have good reasons for not ; wishing to be identified as Captain Morres Slake, of the ? f 'I have the' best reasons that man can have,' said Blake. 'Lord Waveryng, 111 be as frank with you as yon are with me and yon know my reasons almost as well as I do.' 'It's twelve years ago,' . said Lord 'Waveryng, 'and things have changed a good deal since then. This Parliamentary move merit has made a difference. I don't suppose the aubhorities would want to rake up that badness. The reason why I tackled yon at once is that I don's know whether you know that Lord Coola's two boys died of diphtheria last year and that you stand next in succession toCoola.' 'No,' said Blake, startled. 'I did not know it and I am trnly sorry.' **Tt is worth your thinking about,' eaid Lord Waveryng. ' I thought 1 had better tell you. Blake was silent for a few moments. At last ne spoke. ?* There were four lives between me and Coola when— when I left Ireland, and there seemed a probability of several more. \- It -was not -to be supposed that my brother would not marry -again after Lady Goola's ; ' death; and who could have^ dreamed that my \- brother William would have been carried off eo young — and now these boys! Poor chaps! Tt is like fatality.' _ 'Yes,' assented Lord Waveryng, 'seems like a fatality, don't it ? Anyhow yon may be the next Lord Coola.' . . — 'Coola will marry again now,' said Blake decidedly. He is bound, to do it.' ' I don't think he will, ' said Lord Wa v«ry ng, '_Se believes in his first wife's ghost. It's a kind of mania. You Blakes are all a little queer here yoa know.' 'Yes, I know very well,' answered Morres : Blake bitterly. 'It's in the blood. That \--? - ' queernesB ia responsible for a good deaL' Lord Waveryng looked at him keenly. '? *' You are sane s enough,' he said. ? ?_ - 'Am I!' cried Blake passionately. 'I'm mad. I tell you— mad — mad.' 'You were mad when you threw 'your chances away and went in for that Fenian \--- . business ; 'but it was the aberration of youth. They tell me that you make a good colonial polioioisn. 'Our/ions, isn't it, when one comes to think' of it, that you should be Colonial Secretary of Leiohatdts Land.' Blake laughed strangely. Again there was silence. The men walked on puffing their cigars. They had reached the place where the street divided into two, one leading to the ferry, the other past tbe Houses of Parliament to tbe great gates of Government House. Here they . paused. 'Lord Waveryng,' Blake said impulsively, 'I trust you.'' 'I never betrayed confidence in my life,' Eaid the other, 'at least not willingly ; if you wish to be thought tfe&d;, why, as far as I am concerned, you »re dead. ? But I think you make a mistake in not facing the music' They shook hands and parted. But Blake did hot go straight to Fermoy'a. Careless of what might be thought of him . he walked on through the paddock in which 'Riverside Cottage stood. He looked wistfully at th3 little closed np house and at the verandah in which was Elsie's chair and where her work-basket still lay on the rough table. He was only driven away by the sight of Peter the kanaka up betimes to gather rosellas for the shop on the Point, which bought such garden stuff as the widow had to dispose of ; He slipped down among the lantaema shrubs that grew close to the garden fence and made ids way back by a cirouitous bus less public track along tbe river bank to Fennoy 's. ;' Daring the days that followed the club ball Elsie Vaili&nt;'B mental and moral condition might have been expressed in the plaint of Mariana, though, to be sure, the outward cir ? oumetances of her life were very different from those of the lady of the Moated Grange. Life at Leiohard t's Town was at high pressure. Life at Riverside Cottage was at high pressure too. Tie verandah receptions were more brilliant and more sought after than ever and gained ecl- ot from the presence of the Waveryngs and an admixture of the Government House set ; not certainly in the persons of Sir Theophilus and Lady Stukeley, but in the shape of the aide-de-camp and private secretary, und of the more or less distinguished strangers who fre quented Government House at this time. There was always some bustle of coming and going, of flirtation.'or of making ready for flirtation ; but still Blake came not. : They met often, and yet not eo often as would have been the case a month before. It teemed to Elsie that Blake avoided all the in formal parties which oncp, for the sake of a waltz or talk with her, he had welcomed so eagerly. And at the more ceremoniouB functions there was an excuse for the formal nature of their intercourse. Naturally at the public balls and at the Government House at homes it was .not to be supposed that the Colonial Secretary could devote himself exclusively to one pretty girl. Blake paid attention to a few of the L6ichardt:s Town : * young ladies, and to Elsie there was in this fact a faint consolation. At any rate she could not feel jealous of Mrs. Torbolton, or of the wife of the Minister of Works, or even of Lady . Waveryng, who declared herself charmed with 5 ? an^ made him into a sort of cicerone. ? But ui truth the girl's own being was torn in tatters. Wounded pride, Jove, the sense of humiliation and insult made her days an \- anguish and her nights a terror. And yet she laughed ad the time, and she flirted with everybody and made herself into a very scorn of Leichardt's Town matrons by reason of her unblushing levity. Jnstat this time one of the younger of the Royal princes, who was making a tour of the colonies, paid a long-expected week's visit to Lerohardts Town, and the occasion was one of wild excitement and of enthusiastic demon ??? etratiou of 'antipodean loyalty. Eleiehadthe _ satisfaction of seeing Blake, in official capacity, taking part in the various pageants as one of the committee of reception; and in spite of ''.'*.- her misery and her anger against him she felt '?' ?- .. a. -savage pride in the manner in which he \- ?. , , acquitted himself. She was at the great cere \- . many -of the landing and at the mayor's ball, ' «t tbe School of Arts in the evening. She was ? . ' '??-'' ateoat the races, at which one or two of the horses which bad exploited at Tunimba ran \- «ith less credit to themselves and their ? owners; she was at the picnic in the -Govern- '-- -jneot steamer in which theprincewasshown tbe . - b*y and the islands, and at all ishef unctions for whieh Frank Hallett'a efforts and the reflected *kiry of the Waveryngs secured her. a place. \- It was ail -very brilliant and she had her fill :—? , of admiration. The prince was greatly taken . .. ? ,-i by her beauty and -danced -with -her so often as . . . to JjUJhs jftinrrtianff «itb.half-amnsed alarm. : ;** PethMwJtbJs waswayibrd A*tar,OTe*-f,the Li^m^'«^i^-'»ade^K^eBtlove4o^Steie.aod. ?* 6hort Ut absolutely proposing marriage, did everything which could be' expected from a suitor for her haud. Lord Astar found the verandah receptions very much to hi3 taste, and on tbe days when he was oft dnty during the latter part of the prince's visit might usually be seen seated at Eteie'a feet with his lees dangling over the edge of the riverside verandah in the mostapproved colonial fashion, or else lounging on the steps that led to the boathouse, another favorite scene for Elsie's flirtations. The prince would bave liked to -take part also in Eltie's verandah receptions, but on this point the Stnkeleys and the noble admiral who had him in charge were inexor able. Lord Astar was amusing and clever and fascinating, and he was very much a man of the world. Elsie had never met any one 01 his type, though 6ince the arrival of the Waveryngs her experience of the English aristocracy had extended somewhat beyond her brotherin law. It struck her that Lord Astar's type was most nearly approached by Morres Blake in his lighter moods. Certainly nothing more widely removed from the type could be con ceived than Frank Hallett. It may have been with some wild idea of making Blake jealous that Elsie flirted so desperately with Lord Astar. All Leiohardt's Town — that is, the proportion of it which con stituted society — remarked her behavior on the day of the races. They were in the grand -stand. Ina and her husband in that portion which was railed off for the Government House patty and the higher officials, but Elsie with the Prydes in a less exalted position. She was looking lovely in a grey drees with Boft lace at the neck and a bewitching bonnet madfi out of the breast of an Australian bird. Lord Astar ' admired her dress and Elsie told him thatshe had satupall night before to finish it. She also informed him that the bonnet or at least the bird which composed it had been a present from Sing Tommy, of Yoolaman. - 'And so the prince is not your only royal admirer,' said Lord Astar. 'Are lower mortals privileged to lay tributes of loyalty at your feet f As he spoke Elsie became suddenly aware that Blake was passing along the gangway behind her chair. SSe felt that he stopped, knew instinctively that he had heard Lord Astar's speech and was waiting for her reply. A demon of recklessness seized her, she looked ooquettishly up at Lord Asta? and answered very distinctly— 'Certainly. Tributes are always welcome.' 'Miss ValUant,' Blake's incisive tones seemed to cut the air, 'Lady Horace has gone do*n to the saddling paddock and she asked me to bring you to her.' Elsie started. Blake moved a chair beside her. ' You will come?' His eyes were full upon her. She rose obediently ; it would have been im possible for her to disobey the mandate -of those eyes. Lord Astar bowed and made way for her. 'I shall not forget,' ie said very low. Blake piloted her down the stairs of the grand stand. When they .stood on the lawn he turned and said deliberately, 'Lady Horace is nob in the saddling paddock. I don't know in the least where she is and she did not eend me for you. I brought you here to tell you that you must not accept presents from Lord Astar.' ' Surely,' eaid Elsie bitterly, 'that can be of very little consequence to you.' 'No, it is not of consequence to me,' he answered, 'but it is of consequence to your self . I know -Lord Astar. I know the sort of reputation he has in regard to women. You ?compromise your reputation by allowing him to pay you the attentions which have been making you so conspicuous these last few . days. Please take my word for this. He is a more dangerous opponent in the game which we have been .playing than I have been. Don't play that game with him, the conse quences may be disagreeable.' 'In what way f ' In this — Astar is quite capable of inBultisg a woman who places herself in a false posi tion.' ' And you,' she cried passionately, 'have you not shown yourself capable of insulting a woman who was fool enough to place herself at your mercy V He turned very pale. An impetuous answer rose to his lips. He uttered one vehe ment word and checked himself. 'I beg your pardon,' he said, 'I have nothing else to say. I have no justification for the impulse that made me take you in my arms that night. I can only ask you to be lieve that there has never been in my mind a direspeotf ul thought of you. And then ? ' he paused and went on in a different tone, 'the situation -was understood between us. It had been a challenge. There had been an open fight and I had suffered severely enough to make me feel a savage wish to Bhow you that you were beaten.' They had walked on, not in the direction of the saddling paddock, but among the gum trees at the back of toe grand stand, where, the view of the course being obstructed by the building, there was little or no crowd : indeed, except for a few stragglers in oare of luncheon carts, the spot was almost deserted. Elsie turned fiercely upon Blake. Her eyes were flashing ; her bosom heaving. ' What right have you to say that I was beaten? ' You -said that I — that I cared for you. What reason did I give you for think ing so ? Wasn't I playing the game, too ? Do you think I have fallen bo low as to give my heart to a man who— who has shown me that he despises me. I despise you, Mr. Blake ; I hate you.' Blake stood perfectly immovable. ' I am glad of that,' he said quietly. ' I wish you to hate me. But you are quite wrong in the other thing. I do not despise you.' 'Why— why?' stammered Elsie. 'Why should you wish me to hate you?' 'Because it would not be for your happi ness that you should love me.' 'And why?' she repeated with the persis tency of a child. ' Because,' he answered, ' I cannot ? ' He stopped and added more calmly, ' Be cause in my scheme of life marriage has no place.' -.Elsie turned, and they walked a few steps back without speaking. 'You have not given me credit for much cleverness, Mr. Blake,' she said! ' You evidently don't seem to think that X am able to -take a hint. I fancy that you warned me before we— before we challenged each other — against cherishing any false hopes.' Tbe bitterness of her tone hurt Blake keenly. 'Thank you,' he said. 'It is a wholesome lesson for me to be made to feel that I am a conceited ass.' Again they walked on in silence. They were near the grand stand. 'Please don't go -up for a minute or two yet,' he said. 'We have wandered from the question.' ' And the question is ? ?' 'Lord Astar's obvious intention of making you a present which will probably take the form of an article of jewellery. Miss Valliant, I beseech you, for your own sake ? ' 'Hush, she exclaimed, passionately. 'I don't want you to say anything more. I am old enough to take care of myself ; and if not, I have others who have a better right to pro- - teet me.' 'Very welL' Forgive me for my presump tion. I will not* offend you again.' He turned deliberately. ' We had better go back now,' he said, and conducted her to the stand, leaving her in her plaoe beside Minnie Pryde with a ceremonious bow. Elsie did not speak to him again that day. Lord Astar came back presently and hardly quitced Elsie's side the rest of the day. When they got home Minnie Pryde insisted on telling Mrs. Valliant of Elsie's conquest. The silly woman was beside herself with delight. Elfiie married to Lord Astar! lea's marriage was as nothing in compaiieon. Why not? If the prince admired Elsie why should not Lord Aster marry her? She had been quite right in giving Frank Hallett an un decided answer — quite right in keeping that pushing handsome Mr. Blake and his less handsome and more pushing partner at a -distance. Ah, Eltie was her pride and her joy ! Elsie would yet bs the glory of her old age. The girl burst into a passionate fit of tears. 'Oh, mother, mother!' she cried. 'For pity's sake leave me alone and expect nothing of me.' (To be continued. ) 