CHRISTADELPHIANS. The following is the substance of lectures di?livered in the Temperance Hall, Traralgon, St Sunday June 18th, by Messrs. M'Gibbon awid Brlow: " .... It is by no means an uncommon matter when the Christadelphian presents the truth of scripture to a stranger, to have the reply made to him, oh, the matters upon which you lay so much stress are matters of indifference, . of. no, importance and mere matters of opinion. On this ground refusal to separate from the various bodies of professing Christians is frequently advanced, more especially by that section in connection with which the friends in this place, who have recently separated themselves, were formally associated. The statement has been made not only once but over and over again. your belief of the things which the Christa delphian believes need not separate you from the company and fellowship of those who do not believe these things to be essential in order to salvation. The Christadelphian not only believes that the Bible teachings are matters of intellectual perception, but also to be accepted in the practical shape of resultant action after belief, and absolutely essetetial to salvation'; and as a matter of fact that ' Salvation' itself is not under. standable, let alone attsinable, without a right comprehension of the scheme which God has revealed in the scriptures of truth, and that conformity thereto which he re quires. First then as to 'salvation' itself : It is agreed upon by all professing Christians as well as the Christadelphian, that this is the chief object of man's existence.- All recognise the fact that this present existence is a wonderful exhibition of the Creator's power in creation and continuance of being, and a splendid theatre for the manifestation of his weond. rous work in the universe at large and this world in particular, all of which would have been totally unknown to us. Life has there fore given as an opportunity of seeing our Creator's handiwork,'and of enjoying all the good things he has given mankind. - But we all recognise a serious disorder in "all things pertaining to mankind and this 'earth. We recognise that despite the good which exists, that undoubtedly a vast amount of evil exists also, and that death is in existence be it what it may, which puts a stop to every thing which we practically know of, life. In a word, all recognise the existence of sin ; that transgressions of 'law physical at all events entails misery and wretchedness, and the final goal thereof DEATH. If we are told of God, the why and .wherefore of this great problem-whence are we, what are we, why are we ? Surely it must be the greatest boon for us to know this aright, even as a matter of intellectial attainment, even as of any matter of science; say the spectrum analysis of some far distant planet, albeit of no practical or real rains to us. 'The posi tion, however, becomes more keenly felt by us if we are informed that knowledge--that is the truth on any given matter, and by this we mean the invariable fixed laws on which God operates, say in physical things may be of personal benefit or disadvantage to us. ' Salvation,' what is it ? Must one not know aright what it is that one is or can be saved front ? Of what avail to have a false view ? For when the rule comes to be applied-a false view will upset the belief therein, and a false hope having been en dulged in, no real substance can follow. Then the next thing to know aright is the instrument by which we can attain it. To this question only one answer can be given, an emphatic affirmative. In Romans 1st and 6th we are told it is possible of attain ment, and the instrument for this purpose is defined to be THE GOSPEL, and the way by which it becomes of practical value to any persoe, is-if he believerh it. The gospel then is the instrument divinely constructed with a view to the salvation of the believers there of. Two matters are now laid before us. that salvation is limited to believers, and also that it is attained by means of the gospel, necessarily the true gospel, and no such thing as is termed by Paul, Gal. i, 6v., a different-another-a perverted gospel. Christendom defines.salvation, ' The escape or saving of the soul of man from Hell to Heaven, and practically " agrees with the abstract definition given by Cruden and the catechisms-' Eternal happiness hereafter.' Christendom's reply in reference to soul is unanimous, viz., 'The immaterial and im mortal part of man.' Now here is the first point of divergence between Bible declaration as to man and that of Christendom ; the latter agrees with the respectable company of Greek philosophy in this respect, which itself is but a variation of Egyptian doctrine on the subject. The doctrine of Plato is the doctrine of the Catholic Church, in which is included all the sects from that of Rome to the Salvation Army, that man is a compound being, in fact two beings-the mortal body and the immortal soul. This may be good philosophy apart from Divine revelation, but in com parison with scriptural teachings is arrant foolishness. The one the wisdom of the Greeks, the other the simplicity of God. The theory of the Greeks entering into the Church was forewarned by Paul, Acts. xx. 29\. 30. The lecturer gave scripture proof showing the mortality of the soul of man. Josh. x. 28, Ezek. xvii. 4, Rev. xvi. 3. That soul in a secondary sense is the material substance by which man and animals con tinue in being, even the blood. -Lev. xvii. 14, Isa. litii. 12. Now bear in mind the christendom philosophic theory concerning souls, that they are immortal in their own nature, and see how directly it gives the lie to the Scriptures. Can you hesitate which to take? Is it a matter of indifference whether you hold the Greek fable or the Divine truth as to the nature of souls ? Reply for yourselves. If you believe the scriptures you will recognise them, and not Platonised Christendom, are able to make you wise unto the salvation. 2 Tim. iii. 15. Now, concerning the salvation of souls, 1 Peter i. 9 tells us that it is the end-the object of faith or belief; agreeing with Paul in the quotation from bom. i. Now it must be manifest to all that if the subject of salvation, souls, be unscripturally appre- hended, then the nature of salvation must also of necessity be wrongly perceived like. wise. And so it is. Plato and his infection has given us the orthodox pictures of Heaven and Hell— the one peopled with multitudes of ghosts enjoying eternal happiness, and on the other side suffering etertnal misery and wretchedness. The Bible doctrine presents us with the silence of the tomb as the portion of the dead soul, be it a righteous or an un righteous one, negativing the freethinker, who denies, and the orthodox Christian with his scheme to assist the Deity ; doubtful of his power, on the one part, and on the other, by the simple fact of bringing the dead soul out of the tomb again, in one word Resurrection. Yes, this simplicity of God hath made foolish Greek wisdom, as Paul told the Corinthian believers in 1 Cor. i. 19, 20, some of whom, under the influence of immortal soulism, had begun to deny the resurrection, involving a denial that Christ rose, 1 Cor. xv. 13, and thereby further involving the perishing of the dead, unless a resurrection took place. Resurrection in the Greek system was unknown, as witness Acts xvii. 32. They mocked at the idea, as do modern freethinkers, so made by the con fused ideas of Christendom. It is un- necessary in the orthodox scheme. Why should there be a resurrection of bodies if the immortal souls suffer or enjoy,as the case may be? But scripture testimony is too abundant and clear that Jesus died, was buried, and rose again the third day. His soul—He was not left in the grave—His flesh saw no corruption—too abundant for Christendom to deny, therefore it com- mingles the Bible truth, resurrection, with the Greek fable, immortal soulism, and so blasphemes God, exactly as did the serpent in Eden. That salvation is attainable by way of resurrection is manifest by such passages as John vi. 39, 40; Luke xiv. 14; 1 Peter i. 5; and it is seen to be an absolute necessity and the very thing itself, when truth is apprehended on the nature of man. The truths here related to each other having been enlarged upon, the lecturer continued : —Salvation thus becomes an easily under stood matter. It is simply an escape of an individual from the consequences of the infringement of the law in Eden, which entailed death, by a coming back from the grave and a subsequent incapability of dying any more, the result of the law honoured by Christ, namely, obedience to the Father's commands in all parts. Death for dis obedience is a God appointed law. Life for obedience is the other side of the picture. Salvation then is deliverance invented of God, by which mankind, righteously under condemnation because of transgressions, can consistently with his own prerogative necessitating death of sinners, be allowed to re-emerge from the grave to which they were consigned, but not for ever. Having further contrasted the two systems Mr. If Gibbon said: Choose what seemeth right to you and reap the consequences—life and substantiality, death and non-existence. The second part of the lecture was a definition of the gospel that required accep tance in order to salvation. That which is styled the three-fact gospel, the death, burial, and resurrection of Jesus is not The GOSPEL of the scriptures. While in volving these necessary items-his shame, it presents us with a grander theme than this. It gives us Christ's glory in a word, to which the three facts already alluded to were but the stepping stones. The glory set before' him and for which he endured the cross, is the subject matter of the gospel, and depicted in glowing terms by old Testament seers. It is this which God hath prepared for them that love and obey him; it in its fulfilment is the very thing that man requires in order to fulfil the object of his being. The gospel as biblically promul gated rings with solidity and reality-in stead of the mystical objects set before Christendom's subjects. It deals with sub stantialities, real personal beings, and real solid earth, instead of ghosts and moonshine as do the gospel of Christendom. The gospel was preached by Christ and the apostles prior to the crucifixion, (Mark i, 14, Luke iv, 43, ix,' 1,2), and sabsequent to that event, and with it as a superadded theme, was still the good news preached by apostles, evangelists and teachers. Acts viii, 12, xxviii, 30, 31. The Kingdom of God and the things concerning Jesus Christ; not the influence of Christ and Deity on the souls of men ; not the reign of grace in the heart, and other vague state ments concerning the idea that the heart of man is the domain of Christ's government -not the CHURCH. The lecturers gave a lengthy exposition showing that the King dom of God which was the subject matter to be believed in order to be saved, involved the necessity of the promises made to Abraham, Isaac and Jacob being fulfilled. The restoration of the Jewish Kingdom, the reign of Christ on the throne of David, the subjugation of all the nations of the earth ender the literal reign of Christ on the earth, the co-rulership of the saved ones from this dispensation and the ultimate removal (des truction) of all that offends from God's universe. The length of the lectures has necessitated the omission of much interesting matter with a quantity of scripture proofs. 