CiTAPTEH XXXVII. JAMES EEESE SEES THE GHOST AGAIN. " Get your man out of the house with as little delay as possible no 3?," Belle said, in her Trent voice, to her father. ' It will save trouble if Mrs Prince does not see him go." Poor Ken rick stood for a moment like a statue of despair. The pallor of bis delicate face was almost frightful to see. And he could do nothing, absolutely. Weak, fettered, about to be dragged off ig nominioasly to prison as another man—what could he do ? A groan broke from his white and quiver ing lips. Two or three teaTs, wrung forth by his mortal agony, rolled do * n his cheek. Capta'n Dunning averted his face at the sight. Villain—vilest of the vile—as be be lieved Kenrick to be, he could not look on these tokens of apparent suffering unmoved. " How he hates to go back to prison," be thought, and was amazed to find himself pitying the wretch. He gave the order for departure. The two men who had hold of Kenrick urged him along, not roughly, but strongly, with decision. The unhappy young man turned his wild and angaished face toward the group of staring servants. " Is there not one among you to speak up for me 2" he cried, in desperate, almost fierce, accents. " George Boe, who got Madam Buel to take yon on here at the Hall without a character? Lizzie Travers, who gave yoar old father the money to keep him from losing the little home 1 Who sat up with you in the fever, Fred Stacy? You can't remember—you don't know me—not one of you!" Those he addressed looked frightened and startled ; so did the others. But they did not know him in his changed appearance, and they did firmly believe Jasper, who had been pretending to be his brother so long, was Kenrick. Not one of them uttered a word. All shrank and cowered away, as if afraid of him. Kenrick staggered, and leaned heavily on his guards. Between weakness and agitation, it was as much as he could do to keep his feet. They had almost to carry him. Ab they reached the head of the great stairs, Jam«s Beese appeared, returning from the fruitless quest on which Belle had artfully sent him. She was more afraid of this one old man recognising Kenrick than of aU the rest pnt together. James Beese stood aside to let them pass, a sorrowful look in his kind eyes. He started violently at sight of Kenriek, and his face took on a leaden, livid hue. "Its the—the ghost!" he stammered, wildly, staring as if hi3 eyes would come out of his head. With a sudden, unexpected movemenl Kenrick threw himself forward and laic his manacled hands on the old man's breast, pressing him back against the heavy, carved oak banister. " James Beese, d in't you know me ?" he almost shrieked in the startled man's ears. Mr Prince," uttered Eeese, brokenly and in frightened jerks. "Xes—sir. Yes —1—know—you. Did—I—ever—say—I— didn't, sir ?" " Captain Dunning," drawled thepeculiai tones of Mr Trent at this moment, " thai old fellow is one of Halsey's confederates. I know all about him." The warning, coming from the source it did, had weight. " Move on! move on !" ordered Dunning, to his men. " Take him along, whether or no." They obeyed, in spite of Kenrick's fran tic struggles, his wild prayers and en treaties. But suddenly these ceased. Kenrick Prince, weakened already by illness, in juries and wicked drugs, had reached the limits of his powers of endurance Exhausted nature gave way, and he fell into a deep swoon, from which he did not rally till he was far away from Buellen Hall. And so they bore him away. The old gardener following them with horror stricken eyes. He made some attempt to interfere, to question, but was so rudely repulsed that he gave it up. It was an incomprehensible business to him. If "he heard what Belle called out to her father, he did not understand it—certainly never dreaming that she meant him. Belle, as she drew back after the de parture, felt that though she had won the battle, it had been at bitter cost. " I am not sure but it has cost me more than it would to have lost it," she muttered gloomily. *' That is an awful Wiing I have done, sending that good, unhappy man to prison in Kick's place—after all I promised his mother, too—promised and swore to per j form And all for what ?" j She smiled bitterly to herself. " After all I promised myself, too, about revenge for all Kick has made me suffer, this is the way I take it. But there is time enough yet." She looked up and saw Mrs Turfit watch ing her The servants were filing away towards the kitchen to talk it over. She was recalled to herself, or rather to her assumed self, by the strange expres sion of Mrs Turfit's eyes. " Well, what are you looking at f" she demanded, in her Trent voice. " I am looking at you, Lucy Yenner 1" the housekeeper returned, with a vicious air. " Give me back them rings!" '• Those rings, you mean," drawled Belle, with an indescribably mocking accent. " The rings you stole from poor, dead Madam Euel's room ? Mr Prince and I cm both testify to that." As she spoke, Belle pushed Mrs Turfit, unresistingly, inside the room from the corridor, and followed her, shutting the door. " He is no more Mr Prince than you are Mr Trent!" burst forth the housekeeper, with blanched lips, " and 1 wish I had told Captain Dunning what I know about the two of you!" "Yes? What a pity you did not!" Belle said, with cool insolence. " It is not too late yet," the housekeeper retorted, defiantly. " I think it is," Belle said. " You don't suppose he would believe anything you could say about Mr Prince now ? As for Mr Trent and Lucy Venner, he knows a great deal more about them than you do. it won't work, Mtb Turfit. You will do well to mind your own business, and the less you say about those rings the better— for you." Mrs Turfit was quelled, as Belle saw " Now," said Belle, " I want you to go at once and see if the rooms in the tower which Mrs Prince has been occupying axe in good order." " What for?" the housekeeper asked, sullenly, " That is none of your business, but I will tell you," Belle returned, coolly. " Mis Prince is going back to them for the present." " For the present ?" persisted the housekee. er," and t ien—" belle gave her a queer look. "Oh, her husband will decide that," she said. "Perhaps he will take her travelling." ' " Travelling, indeed," muttered Mrs Torfit, as she went away on her errand. " 1 know what the pair of rogues mean to do, and I wish I knew how tdjbalk them, and dared do it." Belle went hack into the room where she | had lefc SibyL As she opened the door, she was wonder ing—as indeed she had wondered ever [ since she locked it—why all was so quiet | there. Why had Sibyl not made more fuss ? It was not like her to accept a bad situation so easily. The next moment her passionate heart was beating wildly with jealous rage and hatred. Sibyl was lying back in a large easy chair, her eyes closed, her lovely face cold and pale, as though she were dead. On his knees beside her, Jasper was chafing the slender white hands eagerly between his own, and every now and then pressing his lips to those soft, snowy lingers. Inwardly raging with fiercest jealousy, Belle went in very quietly, and Jasper, in his utter absorption, did not know she was there. (To be continued). 