MAGISTRATES' COURT. REDRUTH, Wednesday, April 26. Full Jurisdiction. [Before Mr. A. J. Edmunds, S.M.] Lenane v. Drew & Crewes. — Claim for £18 9s. The plaintiff did not appear, conse- quently the case was non-suited with costs. Mr. D. S. Packard appeared for the defen- dants. A. C. Fryer v. John Newcomb. — Claim £5 6s. This was a case brought by the plaintiff against Newcomb (who is a lawyer's clerk) for the recovery of the amount stated above for work done in repairing his house. An agree- ment was entered into between the parties to the effect that the plaintiff was to receive 8s per day, but when the account was rendered it was disputed by Newcomb, consequently the plain- tiff in justice to himself sought redress in a court of law, which he eventually got. Judg- ment by consent was given in favour of the plaintiff. Mr. Packard appeared for Fryer and Mr. Mitchell for Newcomb. Slander. Aaron Lewis v. Captain McLeod and F. Harris. Mr. Pendlebury defended, and Mr. Mitchell prosecuted. This was a case brought by the plaintiff against defendants for slander, and the words complained of were to the effect that at a meeting of the members of the Salva- tion Army, which took place on April 12, in the barracks, Kooringa, the defendants said, "We have a man here — or at least he is not a man, but a thing, and he is a disgrace to the uniform he wears, he should take it off at once, and never attempt to join the Army again." And when the said meeting was finished the captain said to a crowd assembled at the door of the barracks, "Come here, and we will tell you all about him. We followed him down to Mrs. Woods's house last night, and saw him go in and the light was blown out." And the plaintiff claimed from the defendants the sum of £19 19s. Before the evidence was taken all the wit- nesses were ordered out of court. In opening the case for the prosecution Mr. Mitchell said that through the words made use of by the defendants the plaintiffs business had been injured and his character stained. He asked the S.M. to take into consideration that the plaintiff was a 'man of colour', and he hoped justice would be meted out to him the same as it would be if he was a white man. The plaintiff was a marine dealer, and his oc- cupation took him anywhere and everywhere, and the words made use of by the defendants were malicious and wicked. The defendants had taken upon themselves to fill the position of private detectives, and they put their heads together and decided to act as spies to try to catch the plaintiff doing something wrong, which would enable them to hold him up to ridicule, hatred, and contempt. They had not succeeded, but their imaginative minds told them they had, and in this way they al- lowed the illusion to become so stamped in their minds that they thought it was a fact. He considered it a despicable action to spy out a man's private character and then expose him, which the defendants had done in the most aggravated way. Mr. Pendlebury : We were justified, and we will prove it when our turn comes. Aaron Lewis, marine dealer, residing at Kooringa, and plaintiff in this case, sworn, said — Remember April 11 ; attended a meeting of the Army at the pump, and took part in it; prior to joining the Army in the country I was a member of the Army in Ade- laide, having joined in 1881 ; nothing was said in the square about the charge, but when I arrived at the barracks the captain would not let me speak, and be proceeded to address the congregation, saying that there was a man in the barracks— not a man, but a thing, and he is not fit to wear the uniform ; when the meet- ing was over the captain said to a crowd as- sembled outside, 'Come here and we will tell you all about him.' He said if I were some of you young unconverted lads I would ' set him up ; I would do it myself only for my position and the cause I am fighting for' ; the captain said he heard me speak to Mrs Woods's daugh- ter in an improper manner, and also said that Frank (meaning F. Harris) and myself fol- lowed you down to Mrs. Woods's last night, and saw you go in ; we will have you shown up in the War Cry and expose you all we can. Mr. Pendlebury : There is nothing in that ? Mr. Mitchell : Oh, isn't there? I think there is. Witness (continuing) : By the slander showered upon me I have been injured, and places where I used to get bottles, etc, from, I am not allowed on the premises; my credit has been stopped at Mr. Luke Day's, and Mrs. Stagg will have nothing to do with me— (Laughter) — she won't allow me to go on her premises now ; I have been in the Govern- ment service as a constable, and got my dis- charge because I wanted to leave the force ; I have been a seafaring man on the Diamontina; I produce these documents to show that what I am saying is the truth. [Documents produced.] Mr. Pendlebury : What is the use of the documents? Mr. Mitchell : We want to show the man's character. Mr. Pendlebury : We know it already. Witness (continuing) : I was at Mrs. Woods's house on April 11 ; went there for my cloth- ing; Mrs. Woods washes my clothes and when I am busy she cooks my tucker for me ; nothing improper has been carried on between me and Mrs. Woods ; I have always conducted myself as a gentleman when at the house ; I know the candle went out, but it was not blown out as stated by the captain ; it burnt itself out, but Mrs. Woods soon replaced it with another candle ; we were not without a light two minutes. Cross-examined — Was at Mrs. Woods's house on April 11 ; I will swear I was. Mr. Pendlebury : Will you swear the cap- tain 'showed you up,' as you call it, on the night of April 11 ? Witness : Yes, I will. Mr. Pendlebury : Then the captain charged you with this occurrence before it came off. Witness : Oh, no, he never. Mr. Pendlebury : What time did you go down to the house complained of? Witness : At 9 o'clock. Mr. Pendlebury : On the night of April 11 ? Witness: Yes. Mr. Pendlebury then drew the attention of the court to the fact that the two summons served on the defendants were issued on April 11, and the words complained of did not take place till the evening of the same day. Mr. Edmunds said this was evidently a mis- take, and overlooked the error, saying it was only trifling. Mr. Pendlebury did not object, but thought it was his place to point it out. Witness : Oh, well the spying business took place on the evening of April 11, so it must have been on April 12 that the captain dressed me down. (Laughter). The captain asked Frank Harris if what he said was true and he said yes it was in every particular; the captain and Harris told people that they saw me mugging Mrs. Woods ; I know the provisional officer in the Army at Adelaide ; I was in the Army there, but I had my name struck off because there was something said about a woman and myself ; the officer believed the woman and he told me so ; I told him I was innocent of the charge, but I would leave the Army and so I did ; the woman did not bear a good character ; I also know Captain Harris, but never told him I had been living with a woman, and confessed all my bad deeds ; have been in Kooringa for some time ; about six weeks ago I went to Adelaide ; remained there three weeks, and for three weeks I have been in Burra ; I often go down to Mrs. Woods's house to spend a nice quiet evening and enjoy myself, but I don't think that has any thing to do wiih the case ; a man can go where he likes. Mr. Pendlebury : Not in the manner that you have, though. Witness : On two or three occasions I re- mained at Mrs. Woods's house all night, tak- ing a separate room and bed. Mr. Pendlebury : Didn't you stop there more than two or three times ? Witness (indignantly) : Oh, as many more times as you like. (Laughter.) I do not know that Mrs. Woods bears a bad name ; never had any occasion to suspect that she was a bad woman ; I always consider her a lady ; never carressed her at any time ; the doors are always open when I am there. Mr. Pendlrbury : Oh, then they must be open all night. (Laughter.) I remember Captain Swifte speaking to me about certain statements that he had heard concerning me and the woman in question ; I admit the girl went into her room during the time I was at Mrs. Woods's house on this particular night, but will swear I did not go into her room that night, or at any other time ; Mr. Woods did not say, 'Look out, Mary, Lewis is coming.' James Stagg, sworn, said — Know Lewis on account of him being in the Army ; also know Captain McLeod and Brother Harris ; on the night of April 12, or somewhere near that date, I think ; I heard the captain say that Lewis ought to take off his uniform, and he ought to be ashamed of himself ; never heard anything about the occurrence outside of the barracks ; Lewis used to come to my place, but I do not allow him to come now ; I told my wife that Lewis must stop away ; am on friendly terms with him. Cross-examined — My wife is a sister to Mrs. Woods ; no one told me to make any remarks; I am saying what I heard and what I saw. Mr. Pendlebury : Are you sure the captain mentioned Lewis's name when speaking about a man in the barracks ? Witness : I will not swear he did. Mr. Pendlebury : You said so in your evi- dence just now. Witness : Oh, well, I cannot say. Mr. Pendlebury : But you don't care who comes to your house to buy bones or bottles so long as they pay for them. Witness: I have nothing to do with the bones. (Laughter). My wife looks after them. Bertha Stagg, sister to Mrs. Woods, and wife of the last witness, sworn, said — I Know Lewis, also Captain McLeod and Frank Harris ; saw Lewis at the Salvation Army meeting on April 12, and heard the captain say that he tracked Lewis down to Mrs. Wood's house, and saw him go in; don't know any more about the affair ; the captain was on the platform when he used the words complained of; I think I heard the captain say that Lewis ought to take off his uniform. Cross-examined— You think you heard the captain say Lewis ought to take off his uni- form ; that's funny, isn't it ? Witness : I am not certain I heard him say so. Mr. Pendlebury : You are one of Mr. Lewis's friends, I presume. Witness : No, I only know him. Mr. Plendlebury : When was Lewis at your place ? Witness : I don't know, not for a week or more ; I won't allow him to come near my place now, since I heard about Lewis and my sister. Mr. Pendlebury: Wasn't Mr. Lewis at your place last night ? Witness: Yes. but I didn't sell him any bottles. (Laughter.) Mr. Pendlebury : How long did he remain there? Witness : Don't know ; he might have been there one hour. Mr. Pendlebury : Was your husband there ? Witness : No, but be was in Burra. Mr. Pendlebury : Oh, yes, yes, probably he was, but don't you think it is a most peculiar thing for you to allow Lewis to come to your house and talk and chat with you, but refuse to sell him bottles ? (Laughter). You would sell anyone bottles that paid for them, wouldn't you ? Witness ? Yes. Mr. Pendlebury : Very well, didn't Lewis pay you for them ? Witness (hesitating) Yes, but I won't al- low, him to come to my place now. Mr. Pendlebury : Oh, but you say he does come to your place. Now, Mrs. Stagg, you know Mrs. Woods, of course. Witness: Yes. Mr. Pendlebury: Does she bear a good name? Mr. Mitchell ? I object to that question. Mr. Edmunds : I don't think it necessary to put that question. Mr. Pendlebury : Very well, Your Worship. Mary Woods, wife of Henry Woods, Koo- ringa, sworn, said — I know the plaintiff, Cap- tain McLeod and Mr. Harris ; I am friendly with Mr. Lewis ; I wash his clothes and mend for him, and he comes to my place for his food sometimes ; was at the Salvation Army meet- ing on April 12, and heard Captain McLeod say that there was a man in the barracks that ought to be ashamed of himself; McLeod said that he had a good mind to pull the uni- form off of him, and he said Lewis came to my place, and heard my little girl ask him for 6d ; my daughter complained of not being well, and Lewis said something to her in a joke ; after the meeting was over we all left the barracks together ; Harris and McLeod stayed behind ; the night complained of Lewis came to my place lor his washing ; no impropriety took place ; Lewis sat on the sofa the whole of the time ; sometimes he would sing and sometimes he would talk— that was all he would do; there was no one else present except my little girl, Lewis and myself; there was a light in the room all the time Lewis was there, and the door was open ; Lewis did not mug or kiss me at any time ; have known Lewis since he came to Burra, and he has always conducted himself in a proper manner ; my husband is aware that the plaintiff comes to my house, and he raised no objection. Cross-examined — The captain said we have a man here — not a man, but a thing, and be ought to be ashamed of himself ; the captain did not mention any name ; Lewis was at my place on the night of April 11 ; he came for his washing ; I never heard anything about the row outside of the barracks ; Lewis stayed at my house until 2.30 in the morning of April 12 ; we sat up talking. Mr. Pendlebury : Oh, my word, you must have had something very interesting to talk about. Did you hear Harris say anything about Lewis? Witness: No. At this stage of the proceedings Mr. Pendle- bury asked for a non-suit, as no evidence had been given to show that Harris had in any way made disparaging remarks concerning the plaintiff. Besides this not one of the witnesses had come with a straightforward statement ; there was wriggling from start to finish ; she said that the captain told Lewis that he ought to take off his uniform because he was a disgrace to the Army — there was no slander about that ; then another said he heard the captain say he (the captain) followed the plaintiff down to Mrs. Woods's, but the captain didn't say that he went there for an immoral purpose, or that he was a profligate and unfit for society ; another witness said that she was in the barracks the whole of the time, and only heard the captain say Lewis ought to be ashamed of hinisef, but although the witnesses in their evidience made use of Lewis's name as a matter of fact his name was not mentioned at all, and many did not know who the remarks applied to; all the witnesses that have given evidence are relatives and a 'bird of a feather' etc.' He asked for a non-suit with costs. Mr. Mitchell considered the evidence ad- duced was fit sufficient importance that the re- marks were intended for the plaintiff, and were used to injure him and his business ; Harris said before the crowd assembled that he sub- stantiated the remarks of Captain McLeod in every particular, and the witnesses had not wriggled but gave facts as far as they knew them ; an authority on slander, etc , had written that it was not absolutely necessary to prove thay the plaintiff had suffered individual loss, so long as it could be proved that the words were used maliciously and with spiteful intentions ; it is a most difficult thing to get evidence out of any witness in a case of this sort where two spies had taken upon them- selves to act in the capacily of private detec- tives to watch a man and defame his private character. Mr. Edmunds considered that it was not ad- visable to stop the proceeding at his stage, and asked Mr. Pendlebury to put his witnesses in the box. Kenneth McLeod, captain of the Salva- tion Army, temporarily stationed at Burra, sworn, said — I know Mrs. Woods by repute ; I know the plaintiff personally, having met him very often at the meetings of the Army ; remember April 12 ; I did not mention Lewis's name, neither did I mention the name of Mrs. Woods ; did not say I tracked him to Woods's house and saw him blow out the light ; did not say outside of the barracks come here if you want to know all about this man and we will tell you all about him ; did not say that impropriety had been carried on between the plaintiff and the woman ; Harris did not ad- dress the meeting on the subject at all ; I did say that we had a Brother on the platform that could bear me out in what I had said : from information received concerning the plaintiff I made up my mind to ascertain if the reports were true, because I did not think it was a man's duty to profess to be a Christian and was guilty of such bad conduct ; my suspicion was aroused on Monday night, April 10, when I saw the daughter of Mrs. Woods give Lewis a note ; I knew the plaintiff in Adelaide, and in that city his name was struck off the roll for a similiar thing to that in which he is guilty of to-day ; I asked F. Harris to accompany me to the house in question ; we saw the plaintiff start from his own house, and after allowing him to get a fair distance away, we followed him, and he brought us to the house of Mrs. Woods ; we laid down for a considerable time to allow events to develop, taking up our quarters on the edge ot the bank of the Burra creek at the rear of Mrs. Woods's house ; the door was open and a light was burning ; we could see Mrs. Woods and could hear her talk- ing ; this was about 9 o'clock ; various topics were discussed, amongst which were the doings of the Salvation Army and Lewis's business, and also heard the last named practising a sacred song to sing at the meeting of the Army on the following night ; after laying down for some considerable time we saw Mrs. Woods fall into the plaintiff's arms : this was repeated twice, and we heard the girl say to her mother, 'don't have anything to do with him' ; Lewis and the woman trotted off into the front room, and as they went in the daughter yelled out ? 'Come out of that, you d —Lewis' ; we then lost the advantage that we previously had gained by seeing the two persons in question, so we decided to take another observation from a different quarter ; we took flight, in as quick time and as gently as possible to the front, but here we failed to see Mr. Lewis and Mrs. Woods, so we had to content ourself by listening, and we heard some choice language ; the girl's time came to retire to rest, and her mother acquainted her of the fact, and Mary — or who is better known by the name of Jenny — obeyed her parent and re- tired; she had but very little rest when we heard Mrs. Woods say, ? Look out, Jenny, Lewis is coming-' [The conversation that took place is unfit for publication ;] heard the girl ask Lewis for a sixpence, but he said he only had sixpence and that was to buy bottles on the following day ; everything was now dark, someone having put out the light ; the night was cold, and we were tired of watching, but we were satisfied in our minds that the reports we had heard about Lewis were true ; before we left for our own habitation we distinctly heard Mrs. Woods ask Lewis if he would stop till 6 o'clock, but he refused saying that he would remain until 2.30 ; on the following night the man in question made his way to the Salva- tion Army meeting, which was being conducted near the pump ; Lewis, in his usual way, forged into the middle of the ring to give his testimony, but be found me there and I politely told him he could not speak ; Lewis became indignant and said he would not give his testi mony at all. (Laughter.) He formed part of the 'rear guard' of the Army, and on arriving at the barracks he took a 'bottom' seat, sit- ting about the centre of the building ; I pro- ceeded to go on with the meeting, and based my remarks on ' Inconsistent living,' which es- pecially applied to men and women of the plain- tiff's type ; but I did not make any charge against the plaintiff ; I have never had a very high estimation of his character, and I am cer- tainly not inclined to alter my opinion now ; it is the general impression that Mrs. Woods is possessed of a bad name. Cross-examined — There was no mistake in my mind as to who I meant. Mr. Mitchell : And who made thee judge ? Witness : I am not a judge, but when I heard the report concerning the plaintiff I con- sidered it was my duly to see into the matter. Mr. Mitchell ; Why, my man, you are following your wrong business, you ought to have been a private detective, employed specially for hunting up divorce cases. (Laugh- ter). And you took off your boots? Witness : Yes, we did not care about being heard. Mr. Mitchell : Now, why did you make yourself so much concerned about the plaintiff's private business and character ? Witness : Well; he was representing himself as a soldier in the Army, and holding himself up as a Christian. Mr. Mitchell : Holding himself up, why they will hold you down if you are not careful. Lewis did not like what you said about him ? Witness : I don't suppose he did. Mr. Mitchell : Have you seen plaintiff since you made this wonderful and sensational dis- covery? Witness : I have only 'nodded' my head to him. Mr. Mitchell : You felt a bit warm yourself when you told the people about Lewis ? Witness : I don't know that I fell warm, but I was disgusted with his conduct, and I told him that only for my position and the cause I was fighting for I would not keep my hands off him. Mr. Mitchell : Did you say that if you were like the great unwashed you would ' set 'im up?' Witness: No. Francis Harris, storekeeper, and a mem- ber of the Salvation Army, sworn, said — I re- member the night of April 12. Mr. Mitchell : Did you enjoy yourself? Witness: Not much; It was very cold. Mr. Mitchell : A pity you were not frozen. (Laughter.) Witness : You might think so. Mr. Mitchell : And you addressed the meet- ing and told the people what a sinner you had in the barracks? Witness : No; I did not address the meet- ing at all ; Captain McLeod said we have a brother here that can back me up in what I say — meaning me ; I know that the plaintiffs name was struck off the Salvation Army members' roll in Adelaide ; I did not say when outside of the barracks 'Come here and we will tell you all about him' ; did not make any state- ment to the effect that Lewis went down to Mrs. Woods's ; the back door of the house was open and we could see light inside, and could hear Lewis talking plainly ; saw him in the arms of Mrs. Woods. [Here the witness substantiated the evidence of Captain McLeod, which is unfit for publica- tion.] Cross-examined — Was about six yards away from the house when we heard the conversa- tion ; after the light was put out we saw noth- ing ; when the captain spoke in the meeting about the plaintiff there was about 30 people present ; have never been a private detective or a spy ; have never acted the 'ghost' to frighten any person. Mr. Edmunds : That has nothing to do with the case. Mr. Mitchell : I want to show to the court that the witness is in the habit of sneaking about at night. Mr. Edmunds to witness : How far were you from the house when you heard this con- versation between the parties? Witness : About five yards ; I am sure it was the girl's voice we heard. Mr. Edmunds : What about the sixpence? Witness : I don't know what the sixpence was for. Edward Phillis corroborated the captain's statements relative to what he said about Lewis in the barracks. Mr. Edmunds remarked that he did not think it necessary to go on with the case, so Mr. Pendlebury asked the S.M. if he would address the court, to which Mr. Edmunds replied. ' I don't think it is necessary ; the case is plain enough.' Mr. Mitchell in a warm address, said that they had proved that slanderous statements had been used, and that maliciously and wrongfully. He asked the S.M. to take into consideration the costs of the case and make special costs, so as his client would not be burdened with the whole of the expenses. Mr. Pendlebury then addressed the court on the question of special costs, saying that such a thing was preposterous ; the defendants had been charged with making use of false and malicious reports concerning the plaintiff, and as a result a law case was the outcome ; they had shown by substantial evidence that they were justified in taking the steps, and he would ask for full costs. Mr. Edmunds could not see why he should make any special allowance for the plaintiff, because, in his mind, he was guilty of every thing he was charged with. Lewis was recalled by Mr. Mitchell to give his version about the sixpence, but it had but little effect on the S.M., and he gave a verdict for the defendants. Mary Woods v. Captain McLeod and F. Harris. Claim £5. This case arose out of the previous one through the defendants tres- passing on the plaintiff's property on the night of April 11, but it was withdrawn as the last named did not wish to proceed with it. Mr. Pendlebury asked for cost which he got. Jane Woods, age 15 years and 9 months, daughter of Mary Woods, of Kooringa, was charged on the information of L.C. Thomas as being a neglected child within the meaning of the Destitute Persons Relief and Industrial and Reformatory School Act, 1872. There were other persons called to prove that the house kept by Mary Woods bore a bad name and bad the repute of being a brothel. The girl was ordered to the Industrial School until she attains the age of 18 years. The evidence in this case is also unfit for publication. 