Red Diamonds.* CHAPTER XXVIII.A NIGHT ATTACK. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY. Rupert Granton came to the Culture College that same evening after Gerald Aspen had left He had not particularly desired to see Fidelia, but he found her with Lady Scardale, in one of Lady Scardale's rooms, and the man would have been dull indeed who did not know by the looks of the two women, by their affectionate clinging to eaoh other, that something had hap pened whioh filled their minds. When he entered Lady Scardale was seated with her arm round Fidelia's waist, holding the girl tenderly to her. The coming of Rupert disturbed this little arrangement, and Fidelia drew away and blushed a good deal. Instinct told Rupert what it was all about. "You must congratulate her, Rupert, dear," Lady Scardale said; "I am so glad you have como in good time to do it. Why don't you shake hands, you two, I want to know ?" she asked in the sweetest tone of remonstrance. She knew full well what Rupert felt towards Fidelia, and she wished to break things gently to him, and to chow him that he must take things lightly, at least in appearance, and assume to Fidelia the manner of a friend to his friend. Fidelia hung back a little confused. She somehow wished that she had not beon present when the news was told to Rupert. And then she never could take his hand without a hesitancy and a oold tremor. She had forced herself to do it, but it was always a pain and grief, and a renowal of old grief to her. For that hand had killed her father. Rupert hung back, too well knowing what must be in the girl's mind. Each, however, well knew the severe necessity there was for keeping Lady Scardale ignorant of that which was within their knowledge. Lady Scardale misinterpreted the feelings of both. "She is going to be married, Rupert," she said, "to Mr. Aspen," and she looked into his. face sympathetically; " take her hand, and wish her joy." Rupert moved towards Fidelia; she advanced to him. He kept his eyes averted. The window was open, it was a soft evening of early autumn, and the exquisite breath of the flowers was borne into the room. At that moment Rupert saw Professor Bostock standing on the path outside the window, and looking keenly into the room. Neither Lady Scardale nor Fidelia could have seen him from where Lady Scardale sat and Fidelia was standing. Granton took Fidelia's hand—it felt cold as marble—and he lifted his eyes to hers and wished her joy. Oh ! how sincerely he wished it! How he loved her all ;ho time! How he saw in a moment all his past life come back upon him—and that one hateful scene, the memory of which made him reluctant to touch that girl's cold hand! How he lamented for his wasted youth, and wished * The sole rifcht of serial publication in Queensland has been purchased by the Brisbane newspaper Company, Limited. that he had led another life! It seemed to him for the moment as if tears were coming into his eyes. He, the outcast of ariatoorocy—the pur poseless wanderer—the Bocial exile—the world's tramp—the rowdy of Now York and New Orleans, and Vera Ciuz and Brazil, and Chili aud Asia and South Africa—he folt his eyes growing moist because he wished in his heart for the happiness, with another man, of the girl he loved, and whom he was soon to see for the last time. All this passed in a second—in a flash. And as he dropped Fidelia's hand and his eyes left hers he glanced at the window—and was aware that Professor Bostock was still there. Then Bostock gave one rapid look into the room again, with a sudden name in the eyes—and turned away. In that instant Granton had formed a theory. That glance from those eyes had been a3 a revelation to him. He did not stay long. He told his sister-in law privately that he would probably oome baok later in the evoning. He wanted to talk to hor about two or three things, ho said carelessly. Lady Scardale assumed that he wished to ask her some questions about the approaching marriage, and she was anxious to speak to him quietly about it. So he went away—and late thatevening, after Fidelia had gone to her own room for the night, he returned. But to Lady Soardale's surprise he did not speak about Fidelia or Aspen, or the marriage. She respected his feelings and said not a word on tho subjeot. Ho talked about all manner of other things, and asked her two or three questions about her first knowledge of Professor Bostock. It was growing late for that early place, and Lady Scardale asked him if he would not stay for the night—he often did thus stay. He assented vory readily— on condition that he might yet lounge about the grounds for a while and smoke his cigar. Lady Soardale gave her ready assent, and she presently gave him a kiss, and also the latch key for one of the doors, admonished him not to stay up too late, and left him to himself. She could easily understand, she thought, why he should wish to be left to himself. He would want to indulge himself in lonely thinking over the coming marriage of the girl he loved, and who was not to be married to him. Rupert wandered about the grounds smoking and thinking. He wandered about, purpose less, as a ghost. He was going away for ever very soon, and it soothed his melancholy fancy to wander about the place alone, and at night, for the last time. But he was thinking also of the mystery that had hung over the lives of so many people this time baok, since ever he returned to London, and he was thinking of the revelation whioh he seemed to have caught from that one flash of Bostook's eyes. He had always notioed how heavy and how blank of all expression Bostook's eyes habitually were. He even remembered how, on the day of the fencing match and the unabated foil, Bostock, amid all the surrounding excitement, had preserved that beamless look in his eyes. Then, of course, Bostock knew that other eyes were on his ; but this evening— this evening—when, for a moment, he, doubt less, supposed himself unseen, tbe eyes flashed and filled with lightning. "I have seen those blazing eyes before," Rupert told himself again and again. " Where did I see them ?" Full of these thoughts, some melancholy, some penitent for the past, some suddenly troubled and anxious about the present and the future, he wandered through the grounds, and at last came to a little olump of trees on a patch of lawn, which he knew were under and just opposite Fidelia's window, and there he lingered awhile. There was a light in her window. Ho watched it idly, purposelessly, felt as it he oould not get himself away from the spot. " How confoundedly I am in love with her," he said, half jesting with himself and his own emotions, " at my time, and after all my expe rience !" Fidelia had no thought of going to bed just yet. She was not inolined for sleop. The events of reoent days had kept her always, always on the strain and stretoh of anxiety, and this day her mind had been especially strained. The secrets she was keeping were growing too much for her, were beooming irrepressible as the knowledge of the Pythoness. Yet for the mo ment she must keep something even from Gerald, and she would have to keep somothing always from Lady Soardale. When she and Gerald were married and were safely away from England, and quiet in some obscure place, then, but not till then, she would tell them all. Before that time she did not dare to speak. Nothing, she felt sure—not even his love for her—would prevent him from following up the clue to the crimes which it was in her power to give him, and she told herself in heart sickening conviction over and over again that his very fust move would be the signal for hi 3 death. Oh, how she hated the money which had been the cause of all this crime in some and suffering in others! If Gerald would only consent to come away—then she thought she would be able to keep him with her until tho dangor was over —until the mystery of the murder plot was unravelled and the murderer held fast by justice. Then she sometimes thought how would it be if Bland, driven to despair by some premature movement on Gerald's part, were to turn upon her and kill her—how would it be with poor Gerald ? The thought of her own death made her tremble and shudder and brought tears into her eyes, not on her own account, but because Gerald would be so lonely! And Bland would be capable of that or Of anything, she thought. In truth Fidelia's love for Gerald was making her timid—was making her almost cowardly. Come an actual and present crisis and her soul and sense would surely rally, but with the dark shadow of a vague danger over her, and a danger about which she must not seek for sym pathy or counsel, her nerves gave way and she felt as if some paralysing poison were doing its cruel creeping work within her. She tried to read, but she could not fix her attention on any book. It is a sad thing for authors to know, but it is a very true thing, that a very little personal trouble or anxiety makes even one's favourite book sometimes an intolerable companion. Then Fidelia fell baok upon her own artistic resources. She was fond of writing versioles and setting them to music. She had a gift of versioles, but no inspiration for longer and more pretentious poems. She liked one thought expressed into a song, and lifted on the wings of musio. A little song whioh she had lately composed and set to musio oame up into her mind, and somehow or other it seemed to her to Bpeak of her own perplexities just now, and she sang it, or crooned it, in a low, sweet voice, all to herself. Her voice was not strong, but it had infinite beauty of tender tone, refined and delicate shading of expression. All the soul of feeling seemed to fill it and make it intense. This was Fidelia's song, sung for no ears but hers, audible by no ears but hers:— Ah, wherefore smile—when we so oft must weep ? And why rejoice, when we must know regret V Or lose ourselves in dreams when after sleep We wake to muse on nil we would forget'/ Why must we live, when life is but to live ? Why prize these few poor years of mortal breath, Since all that Time and Pate at last can give Is the unlonged-for mystery of Death ? The words answered to her thoughts just now. In the end what else ? If Gerald wore to die —if she were to die! She sang her little song more than once, and then she stood up and Baid to herself that she would shake off all morbid fears and fantasies, and meet the per plexities and the dangers of life with hope and with a strong heart. But the tone of the song had strengthened her in reality, even though Bhe did not know it at the time. The sense of the reality of death is a tonic always. She wont to her window and opened it, and stood on the balcony—her room had a very pretty balcony of delioate and graceful iron work, and olose by the balcony there grew a tall tree. Fidelia had long loved that balcony and that tree. Just now it oame into her head, in an odd sort of way, that if she only were a schoolgirl again, and not a personage who had to support the dignity of grown-up womanhood and long skirts, she could easily olimb from her balcony into the boughs of that tree, and rock herself among the branches and look up to the moon and be cradled in romance and poetry. She almost felt a wild longing to scramble into the tree from the railing of the balcony, but she crushed down that wild desire, unworthy of and indeed wholly unsnited to the dignity of long dresses. So she contented herself with watching the swaying motion of the darkling boughs and listening to their melancholy musio, and then looking up to the voyage of the moou among tho cloud-islands of the sky. After a while she came baok into her room, leaving her window still open, and she sat in an armchair and began to think over things again. She had resolved that she would not go to bed until she felt sleepy, and that for the present she was certain to keep broad awake. Having settled into her chair with that resolve and that understanding, she straightway fell asleep where she sat. How long did she sleep ? Some hours, it Beemcd to her; when she woke up it was in reality only a few minutes. She was awakened by a curious rustling, creaking sound just out- Bide her window. She jumped up and in stinctively ran to the window to close it—she could not tell why—and then she became aware of a dark form between her and the sky. Then a man scrambled from the tree into the balcony. All the tales she bad ever heard about mid night robhers rushed topsy-turvy into Fidelia's mind, but even then she was trying to resolve that she would not get into a panic. It was too late to close the window. The man, whoever be might be, was already in the balcony. "Don't be frightened," he said in a too well-known voice, "it is a friend who oomes, and not an enemy, Miss Locke." It was Professor Boatook—Japhet Bland. Fidelia drew back. He entered the room. "Professor Bostock—here—at this hour! How did you get in ? Why have you come here?" " I got in," he said, "by the tree, and tbe balcony, and the open window. It was not a very difficult feat." " The getting out again," she said, " will be even less difficult, for you can pass out by that door." She moved towards the door to unlock it. He suddenly got between the door and her. " Stay a moment. Miss Locke—don't be in a hurry—don't be alarmed." " Alarmed ? lam not the least in the world alarmed. What is there to be alarmed at ?" " Truly nothing," he said grimly, "if yon will only listen to me." " I am not alarmed, and I don't mean to make any conditions. Pray allow mejo open that door." " Suppose I don't allow you to open it, what then ?" " Then I shall assume that you are going mad " " And suppose I am going mad, what then ?" •J Then I shall ring for assistance—for your sake as well as mine." " For my sake! lam glad to hear you say for my sake " " Because if you are going mad—and your being here in this sort of way looks very like it —you ought to be looked after." She made another effort to reach the door. He still kept between her and it with a rigid smile on his face. " You need not trouble about me," he said. " I am not in the least mad—in the medical doctor's sense of the word, or that of the Master in Lunacy. lam quite sane—except for my love of you " " Oh," she exclaimed, " this is too much " " You will have to listen to a great deal more before I leave you, Fidelia." " I told you not to call me Fidelia," she said energetically, and she tried again to get past him and to open the door or reach the bell. " I will not let you pass," he said. " I have things to tell you that must be told! I know that you are going to marry that young penny a-liner Aspen." Fidelia felt her anger growing beyond her fear. " If Mr. Aspen were within hearing," she said, " you would not dare to insult him." Bland paid no attention to her words. " I learned that today," he said, " when I saw you and him and Lady Scardale commun ing and taking counsel together. No one told me. I can read things without a book 1 I learned something else to-day as well. Now, at last, I have found out also who and where Ratt Gundy ia." Fidelia's very natural start told the keen fencing master at once that he had touohed her. "He was here to-day," Bland went on. " I knew it the moment I saw the aristocratic Mr. Rupert Granton put out his hand to take yours! I saw the pitiful beseeching sort of way in which he approaohed you, and the way you shrank from him, and tbe look of wonder in Lady Scardale's eyes; and I saw the sudden way in which you two hastened to perform the business of olasping hands ; then a light broke in on me. I had had my vague suspicions and conjectures, but this was a revelation ! And so, Fidelia, Lady Scardale's brother-in-law is the man who killed your father! What a piece of news to tell her! What a hold that gives me!" "On him ?—he would defy you. He has told me the truth!" "Oh, he has told you. Has he told her ?" " Then the hold you hope to get is on that most sweet lady. You are a gallant gentleman, Mr. Japhet Bland." " No, not on her ; what do I care about her ? On you—on your feelings for her! Fidelia, for the sake of her feelings you will have to treat with me." "Not even for her," Fidelia said; "she would despise me if I stooped to any com promise for one moment with you. Let me pass through the door, or it will be worse for you in the end." If Fidelia could only have known that faith ful eyes were watching her window at that very moment she might have been brave indeed. But she was brave, although she did not know that any help was near. Yet though she showed no fear, and though, indeed, she felt her courage quite equal to whatever the occa sion might demand, she could not but see from Bland's face that he was determined, and that he would not allow her to open the door or ring the bell. She well knew that he was a strong and an active man, and that she would be but as a child in his hands. One curious thought ran through her at the moment—if Rupert Granton were there, Granton would be able to fling Bland through the open window. She did not wish her lover there even to protect her—she would have dreaded a.meeting at such a time between him and Bland. If she could only have known! " Professor Bostock," she said quietly, "it is not like you to do a thing of this kind—to thrust your way suddenly into a girl's room at night, and insist that she must talk to ypu. I will not talk to you." " What can you do ?" _ " I will open the door and go out—or I will ring the bell until somebody comes " " If I allow you to do one or the other." " ¥ou will not prevent me by force ?" " I will," he answered fiercely. " I will not hurt you, Fidelia, unless I am driven to it. But I will hold you in my ovms as if you were a child—just a little child." " Suppose I cry out?" " Then," he answered sternly, " I have two courses open to me. I will kill you—or I will say yon invited me to your room." Fidelia turned on him a look of fierce con tempt. She even laughed. " Say anything you like," she said. " Who would believe you in this house, or anywhere else ?" " I will tell," he said, " that you have long known me to be Japhet Bland, aud that you have kept my secret from every one—and I will tell that I wanted you to marry me—and that you kept that a secret too—and I will say that you invited me to your room, to talk over things—here, to-night—and why should they not believe that?" "Let us try," she said scornfully. "We shall soon see whether there is any one in this house who will for one single moment refuse to believe my word. Let me pass." " Why need we be enemies ?" he said, still keeping her from her purpose. She would have made a rush at the door but for the mere physical reason that she Bhrank from the thought of being grasped and held in his arms. " You and I must always be enemies now," she said passionately. " Why must we ? I love you madly—yes, in that way lam a sort of madman—as dangerous as any madman. lam determined to get you to marry me, Fidelia, by fair means or foul. Don't you see that, this very night, the mere fact of my being found here may be the means of securing my end? Why, the finger of scorn will point at you if this gets out." " You coward, to try and frighten a woman in that way! But you don't frighten me!" " What about your lover, Mr. Gerald Aspen? —what would he say to suoh a story, I wonder ?" "He would say what I say—that yon are a coward and a liar, and I tell you something more, Mr. Japhet Bland—you are a murderer! I have suspected yon this long time; I have known you at last. I only allowed you to speak to me in order that I might get at your secret. There, let me go, or kill me if you like." " I would rather kill you than let him marry you. What I did to him I did beoause I loved you, and because I was determined that he should not marry you. That is one thing I oame to tell yon here this night. Marry mo, and come away with me, and that man shall be safe for ever, and may get his money and write for his papers, and find out some pretty, commonplace girl, such as English Nature turns out by the dozen, who will suit him nicely, and oan chroniole small beer and suckle fools for him. I am not that sort of man; I have never loved any woman but you, and if I do not marry you I will take good care that no one else shall do it. You have never had to deal with a man like me before, Fidelia; you must make terms with me ; I am a desperate man." " Then I am a desperate woman," she replied. " I will make no terms with you. Kill me if you like; you can't make me not hate you, and you can't make me afraid of you. Hush! listen ! there are footsteps—there are voices— people are coming—oh, thank God!" And then she sent pealing out scream after scream for help. For a moment—a second—she believed that he would kill her. His eyes blazed with pas sion, and he seemed to be searching for a weapon; but already there was a knocking at the door, and two voices called on Fidelia, and the moment was gone, and the mood of the wretched man gave way, and he knew too well in his own heart that as he had hesitated for an instant to keep his word and to kill her it was all over now. He let her go. "Open tho door," he said, "and tell them just as muoh or just as little as you like." She unlooked the door, aud Lady Scardale and Rupert Granton hurried into the room. " Save me from this man!" she cried, her self-oontrol all gone. Rupert sprang at Bland and struok hira a fierce blow right between the eyes, and Bland went down in a heap on the floor. "Take care, take care!" Fidelia exclaimed, " he is capable of murder." Rupert stood with perfect composure await ing an attack; but Professor Bostook gathered himself up quickly and made no attempt to retaliate. " I don't fight before women," he said. "I saw you stab before women," Granton replied. "That fencing bout—don't you remember ?" " Tell me all about this, Fidelia," Lady Scar dale said. She had been trying to soothe and encourage the poor shaken girl. "Rupert, dear, please keep yourself under control, and never mind that man. We shall come to deal with him presently. Tell us all, Fidelia. Stay there, Mr. Bostock." " No, I think I had hotter go," Bland said, resuming now all the stolid coldness of his habitual manner. "I don't see that I am wanted here just now." " How did you come here ?" Lady Scardale asked indignantly. "How did you dare to come here and thrust yourself at suoh an hour on this young lady?" " We had many fencing lessons together," he answered, " and I thought 1 thould like her to have one more " Granton moved impetuously—Lady Scardale put her baud on him and restrained him. Lady Soardale was simple-minded for all her intelli gence and her culture, and she did not under stand Bland's metaphorical allusion. A fencing lesson at 11 o'clock at night," she said in actual wonder. " What do you mean, Mr. Bostock?" "I thought I could teach Miss Locke some thing Bhe ought to know—about some people she ought to know," Bland said with a fierce look at Granton. " Some people against whom she ought to defend hersolf. I meant her no offenoe and no harm, but only good, if she oould have seen it " "He did not offend me," Fidelia hastened to say, dreading any further scene, "except by coming in and refusing to go away when I told him he must go." " Offenoe enough," Granton said. " Yes, certainly, offence enough," Lady Scar dale echoed. " Mr. Bostock, I think you must be going out of your senses." " I was going out of my senses —I am coming baok to them now." " How did you come so quickly," Fidelia asked of Lady Scardale. " You oame before I cried out." " Rupert knocked at my door and called me. He said he had been wandering about the grounds, and he saw some one climb into your balcony, and he thought it better to come and tell me than to climb up himself, and, perhaps, put you to a new alarm." " I saw who it was," Rupert said coolly, "and I thought, Mi3B Locke, that you would rather I brought my sister-in-law with me. Otherwise, I oould have got in at the window in a moment, but I thought you wouldn't care for suoh an intrusion, and a row in your room, perhaps; and although 1 wa3 tempted to take the summary process, I felt sure I had better bring Lady Scardale along." " I am glad you are all so happy and loving," Bland said with a sneer. " I shan't disturb all the happiness just now. I may, perhaps, an other time. At present I don't care muoh to stay." Ho was quite 000 l now, and his pale face—pale save where the blow of Granton's hand had left an angry red mark—was quite unmoved. " Good night, Miss Locke; lam sorry if I alarmed you; there are other things lam sorrier for than that. Good night, Lady Soardale; I suppose you will scarcely expeot me to-monrow ?" "I hope I shall never see you again, Mr. Bostook," Lady Scardale said with all sin cerity. " Don't call him Bostook," Granton broke in. " His name isn't Bostook. His name is " "Stop," Bostock said, and he said it so sternly that Granton did pause. " Mr. Granton, we have both borne names that were not our own. Shall I tell your other name ?" "Oh ! hush," Fidelia interposed. Bostock smiled. " Perhaps for the present we may keep our knowledge, *o ourselves," he said. "It may in terest the - ladies some day." Granton looked at him with much amaze ment and some admiration. for his coolness. Bostook drew near to Granton. " May I speak a word or two with you out side ?" he said in a low tone, but not so low as to prevent Fidelia from catching the sound and the meaning of the words. She turned from Lady Scardale and towards Granton. " Do not go with him, do not go with bim, I entreat you," she said. Bostock looked back at her with a something almost like a smile upon his faoe. "There is nothing to be alarmed at, Miss Looke, I assure you," he said. "I am quite tame at present. But, of course, if Mr. Granton is at all afraid " " I am not in the least afraid of you," Granton replied coolly. "Come outside, by all means. I will see you off the premises, and you can say what you want to say." Fidelia again turned with a little sob to Lady Scardale's arms. 'Her nerves were much shaken by the ordeal she had gone through. Lady Scardale soothed her, speaking softly and gently as to a tired child. Granton motioned to Bostock to go out of the room before hira. With a salution to the two women Bostock passed out and Granton followed him, drawing the door after him. The two men went in silence through the silent corridors and down the stairs till they camo to the front door, whioh Granton unlocked and unbarred. He flung it open, and the two men stood together in the doorway in the olear light. " Well," said Granton, " what have you got to say to me ? Whatever it is, say it quickly, and let this place be olear of you." "I have to say that this is a duel to the death between you and me " "All right," Granton said, " I have fought in a duel to the death before now—and been very sorry for it. I don't think I should be par ticularly sorry if the result in this oase should prove to be the same as in one other. Can you fight—except with a foil unbated?" "You will find that I oan. The mark of your blow k likely to remain for some tirao; I shall cease to feel the hurt if I can finish up with you." "It does look ugly," Granton said. " I lost my temper, I confess, seeing you in the room of a young lady for whom I and mine have the highest regard. And you are a thorough scoundrel, you know." Bostook shrugged his shoulders. "We needn't waste time now in calling names." He was as oalm as if he were merely arguing some point of detail in a fencing match. " Perhaps lam a scoundrel. Are you sure that you are so very much better?" "What did you mean," Granton asked, taking no notice of his question, " by what you said about my name just now ?" "What I said," Bostock answered. "1 know what your name was when you killed that girl's father. But we needn't waste time over that either. You will be anxious to return to the ladies, and I do not love your company so dearly that I should seek to detain you— now." He emphasised the last word mean ingly. Granton smiled slightly. He was interested in the man's oomposure. " When do you desire my company?" he asked. " Very soon," Bostook answered. " You and I hate each other—at least I hate you, whioh is enough for my purpos9. You have struck me, and whatever you may think of me you have given me the right to claim satisfaction for that insult. In the wild lands where you have lived you have followed such wild laws. We must light." " So you said just now," Granton said. " And I am agreed." " Will you promise me," Bostock asked, " to come to me where and when I call upon you within the next three days ?" Granton reflected for a moment while Bostock watched hira. "Do you hesitate?" Bostock inquired. " No," Granton replied, " I do not hesitate. The whole thing is a little eccentric in London, however possible it might be on the Veldt or in Calamity Camp ; and in London one has more engagements than in those lively localities. However, I may say yes, I will come to you where and when you call upon me within the next three days." "Good," said Bostook. " Good night." He said this as tranquilly as a cherished guest might take farewell of some familiar friend. He walked leisurely down the street towards the Embankment. Granton watched him turn the oorner and disappear. "There goes a cool and daring villain/ h« quoted to himself. " I wonder what our next meeting and parting will be like. Well, it doesn't matter much anyhow. If he is a scoundrel, I am a man of no account after all." Then Granton fastened the door again and went upstairs. "He knows the whole story," he said to himself, "and he is keeping it to tell my sister, and every one. Another reason why I should kill him, if I can—or let him kill me." The two women waited for Rupert with muoh anxiety. Fidelia did not yet venture to tell Lady Soardale all she knew about Bostook. She thought she had better tell all to Gerald first take hira now into her confidence and get his advice. He would come to her next morning— and there would be little time lost. To tell Lady Scardale that night would be only to subject her to needless alarm. There was nothing to be done for the moment—and nothing was less likely than that Bland would come back again. Then of course Mr. Granton would stay in the house that night—but this very thought made her uneasy. Why did he not come back? Could any harm have happened to him—in the company of that man? Rupert soon came back very cheery—his manner all changed. "I have seen that poor fellow off the grounds," he said. " He is as mad as a hatter." "Mad!. Do you think he is really mad?" Lady Scardale asked. "Ought we not to have him looked after ? Is he dangerous ?" "Oh ! well. I don't mean to say that he is mad in that sense," Rupert answered carelessly, " but I am greatly afraid he is going off his head. He is full of wild romantic ideas " " I should never have thought it—never sus pected it," Lady Scardale exclaimed. " For that matter nor I," her brother-in-law said. " But evidently he has heard something that put hira out to-day," and he looked at Lady Scardale and then made a slight motion of his head to direct her attention towards Fidelia, who was sitting in silent wonder over the part that to her mind Rupert was evidently playing. "Oh!" Lady Scardale said, and she felt pity in her heart. But she quickly added, "He is not coming back here again?" "No," Rupert said lightly. "He is not coming back here again. I think you may be pretty sure of that." Soon afterwards they bade each other good night, and the troubled evening came to an end. [TO IK CONTINOKU.] In ordering the discharge of Lord Haldon at the Exeter Bankruptcy Court recently the Judge made a special order that the bankruptcy was caused by misfortune, and not through misconduct. 