STAGE SCENES UNKE-^ HEARSED. IK a recent 1 Truth competition. SOMRTOY j amusing answers were sent in upon the unrehearsed' incidents-Of the-- stage. Among the most laughable were the'following: The well-known actor, John Ryder, who could reckon,among his pupils some of the foremost performers on the stage, was a Margate man, and always sure of a good house when he played there. One evening he was performing Samlet at the Margate Theatre, when it was discovered that for the grave-digging scene ' there was no skull among the properties taken down. In desperation Ryder sent) down to a chemist's hard by, in whose shop - window he had observed a skull while walking in the town in the daytime. His messenger was successful, and returned with the article. Ryder took it upon the stage and began, "I knew him, Horatio, a fellow of infinite jest." Just as he reached the footlights he unfortunately touched a spring in the skull, which thereupon began to open and close its jaws in a most appalling manner. All Ryder's efforts to stop the mechanism were unavailing, and, to the amusement of the.- audience, after endeavouring in vain to go on with his speech, he dushed the skull down in a rage and left the stage. Some men entrusted to represent tht waves in a tempest had been engaged in. a, provincial theatre at the rate of Is." per night. They were reduccd to 6d. The waves immediately held a meeting, at which ' it was decided that all the sea should be on strike. Consequently, the same evening, whilst counterfeit lightning was raging on the stage, and the false thunder r^ounded ;.- at its loudest behind the scenes,-the ocean,' to the stupefaction of all, remained calm and smooth like a carpet. 1 he prompter, . . out of his wits, raised a corner of the covcr, and ordered the waves to do their duty. "Waves at sixpence or a shillingt" asked a Voice which came from the bottom of the aby83. " At a shilling .1" replied the prompter, who had no other alternative. As soon aft tho magic word had been pronounced tho sea moved, in good earnest, as if it had been tossed by s true -tempest. The following took place at an amateur performance of Hamlet. In . the first act Hamlet, in alluding to the Ghost,' asks Horatio, "Stay'd it long?" and Horatio replies, " As one with moderate haste might tell a hundred." Marcellus then should say, " Longer, longer ! " but not doing so, the prompter whispered, "Longer, longer, longer, LONGER <" whereupon the young Horatio rose to the emergency, and exclaimed. " Well, say, perhaps, two hundred." In the provinces many years ago, Romeo , - and JulietwBS being acted, and owing to ill- - ness the part of the lover was taken by someone not belonging to the company.. In., the garden scene when Juliet says, '-' O ' Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeol" ' he answered : " 'Cos t'other chap's sick." Drama, The Armada. Scene, thp Inquisitors' Chamber (Act II.). Grand Inquisitor (sitting in state close to wings) proceeds to give judgment on Sybil, an ~ English maiden. Says the G. I. - " You have transgressed the laws of our land, and we find you guilty of a crime that can only be expiated by death. The law of our- " The sentence was not finished, for th« platform upon which the state chair was fixed gave way, sending the astonished G.I., with his right and left hand supporters, backwards into the wings, and from the sight of the audience. The eontrttemps sent the house into convulsions, for v it was one of those scenes where an audience is carried away by the solemn nature oi the proceedings. ' The above took place last May at th* Standard Theatre, Shoreditch, when Mr. Henry Nevill and his company performed there. Not very long ago a small provincial company had the temerity to attempt Macbeth. There was a good deal of merriment, but all went fairly well until Act V., . Scene 5, when the man who had to take the small part of the Messenger was suddenly taken ill, and a poor frightened stagecarpenter was ordered to take his place. Enter Messenger:".... I looked towards Birnam, and anon methought th« wood began to move." Macbeth (who was boss of the show in every sense): " Liar and slave ." Messenger (too terrified to remember his part): " Well, sir, they told me to say so, s'elp me I" Scene, a email country town, theatN extemporised in Town Hall—"Miss de Mont-fort," as Juliet, has just swallowed the poison and thrown herself on the bed, - when from among the audience rushes s> woman (well- known' in the place) with a baby in her arms, and exclaims to Juliet: " Here, Mrs. Johnstone, youH have to take your baby, I can't keep it quiet no longer !" . 