HAMILTON V. COMBINED TEAM, On Saturday last, for the first time for many days, the sun shone out brightly, and a really pleasant day appeared io have set in. It hid been arranged that a team' representing the Hamilton Club should meet twenty-five to be picked from the South Hamilton aud Muddy Ureeic Uiuos, out at naii-past turee toe seoiom ootid only muster 16 and the comMoed 23. The game was commenced, however, and it was soon seen that the disparitT in numbers would prove too much for Hamilton, who were minus a good number of their best men, some of whom were playing on the other side. The combined had the locals on the defensive very quickly, and soon put up a couple of behind. Then Minuet bad a chance, and kicking well, scored a goal for the combined amid much applause from the assembled 44 banackers." flushed to the other end, the sphere was in dangerous proximity to the Combined' posts, and Hen- shall dribbling It around with his foot, josthada nice easy opportunity to score. He kicked, but alas! for his hopes. The kick was straight enough, but a dull thud was heard, and the ball dropping abort, it was seen that it had been burst. An ether ball was procured, and the game was proceeded with. In tbe second quarter, however, rain fell heavily, and a temporaiy cessation of play took place. Soon after resuming the chapter of accidents was kept up, the second ball collapsing before a terrific kick fay Frank Sheebaa, and another halt had to be called in order to have a laugh at and to consider the situation. Some boys -were play ing iu another portion of the ground with a wee ball, a little over half the size of the 44 match," and this was seized upon by tbe destructive leather punchers, who presented an amusing spectacle struggling about in the mud end slush with tbe little article. Anyhow it served tbe purpose, and many and powerful were the kicks bestowed -upon it by some who appeared to be endeavouring to follow the -bad example set by Sheefa&o; and Henshall. In the last quarter one of the balls previously burst having been fixed up, was brought into play again, but it got such a very bad time from the contestants that it decided to give up the ghost on receiving a more than usually hard lock from Joatlear. Once ! more the little oval was returned to, and the match concluded. It would be hard to describe tbe match, which consisted principally of mad. broken footballs and rain, but tbe combined team had much tbe best of it, aud won by one goal throe bebinds to one behind. Edmonds played a fine game for tbe victors, and was well assisted by M'lnnes, F. Sheehan, Murray (2), and Spring. For Hamilton, J. Brobbin, Jost- lear, J. Edmondson, Elijah and Greed played a good uphill game, the performance of the youngsters being especially good. 