HELICrlDtfS lECOSSS. Presbyterian Church. I : Queensland General Assembly ■First Sederunt. The .thirty-eighth session of the General | ' Assemby of the I^esbyterian Church of Queens- i "land-was constihied on Tuesday in th'eWiekham • terrace Church, when there was not a large | attendance. • j Moderator's Serhon. 1 Previous to the constitution the Moderator. :' for the past year (Rov. C. J. Legate) delivered • his retiring sermon, basing his remarks on the : 'words "And this word, vet once more aigni fieth the removing of those things- that are shaken, as of things that are made, that those I things which cannot be shaken may remain.11 Hebrews, xii. 27. New Moderator. At the conclusion of his sermon the Moder ^ ator, having constituted the assembly for the Vv transaction of business, referred to his year of • office,and said if there had been any shortcoming / on his part it had hot been due to any want of kindness or sympathy on the part of members \- of the assembly. Then referring to the nomiua tions he had received for Moderator for the | ensuing year he said that four of the five pres byteries which had sent in nominations were in | . favour of the appointment of the Rev. Robert Kerr, of Toowong. The nomination of the rev. gentleman was re ceived with applause, and agreed to, he being I conducted to the chair by the ex-moderator and | Rov. Br. Hay. Moderators Address. TheMoDERATOR,ontakingthe chair, delivered an address on " Our opportunities as a Church in Queensland." He suid: I choose that theme for two reasons. First, it is a natural sequel to | the inaugural addresses of the last two years. In 1891 Dr. Hay spoke ably and eloquently of the Presbyterian Church and its mission. Last .year our respected ex-raodcrator showed whence come tho power to fulfil that mission—the w\ power of tho Holy Ghost. Itseems only natural, therefore, now to speak of our position and prospects, our power and possibility of work in . this land for Christ, and of the opportunities and iheanfl within our reach for its accomplish - xnent. I.—What Have we Done? The Presbyterian Church of Queensland is now neariy 30 years old. On November 25,1863, the scattered fragments represented the three : great divisions of Presbytcrianism in Scotland, and the Presbyterian Church in Ireland, con summated officially their union as the Presby terian- . Church of Queensland. The newly formed church had hut six ministers, and con tained hut one Presbytery. Now we have five ' Presbyteries, 46 ministers,. and 60 congrega tions, with a membership of 5,600. We have | \- extended our'influences until now we reach in land to St. George and Cbarleville in the sonth, leisfordand Barcaldine in thecentre, and Win ton and the regions beyond in tho north, and 1 we have churches andministers in almost overy | ' town of importance along the coast from Cooktown to the Tweed. In the Bris bane Presbytery alone we have 21 charges and 20 ministers, not counting those who are unattached—a number more than three times greater than in the whole colony at \- the union in 1863. Besides lengthening onr cords we have been, strengthening our stakes. - Our church buildings in Brisbane are second to none in the oolony. In other towns and districts churches and manses of a solid and . enduring character are to be seen; our in fluence on the community has strengthened, and our power for good cannot be measured by numbers, or valued by pounds,' shillings, and pence. : II.—What is em& to be Bone ? j But with all that has been done much remains undone. Let me trouble you with a few figures. They are based upon the statistics of 1891, because they are more complete and more favourable to us than those of 1892. We had 32 congrega .tions returning members on roll 3,657, average 114; add 17 congregations sending no returns, -say 1,938; that would give a total of 5,595 members on roll. We had 32 schools returning 4,863, average 155; add 13 schools sending no returns, say 2,635 ; total, 7,498 scholars on roll; say in round numbers 7,600 scholars; to these add for under age 2,000 ; that would make a total of 9,600 children. Now we have 6,695, or say 5,600 members; add to these, say, adherents 10,000; that would be adults 15,600; a grand total of adults and children in our churches and Sunday schools of 25,100. In \- the census of 1891 thcro were of Presbyterians in Queensland 45,639. In round numbers there are over 20,000 of our people in the colony who are not within the influence of our . church organisation. That is one way of putting it. Here is another: Although the Anglicans and Roman Catholics have re spectively 91 men and 77 men, relatively we aro better off than they are. Tho Anglicans have ono minister to every 1,566 persons, and the Roman Catholics one minister to overy 1,204 ; wo have a minister to every 992. On the other hand tho 65,000 odd of other Pro testants havo 152 ministers. In tho same pro portion we should havo 104. So you see with all we havo done wo might have done more. At least, we have not dono'all and not so muoh as others. And there is much still to be done. III.—What is Possible fob Us? What, then, is poasiblo for us? Without question tho field is wide, the needs are many, and the opportunities are great. We live in a new country, where tho first comer has the best chanoe. Pioneer work is rongh work and hard l work; but if it be done well, generations un born will bless the door. If wo can lay in this oonhtry'foundations of truth and righteousness inch as onr Presbyterian fathers from Ulster— Makemle, Trail,, Makio, Davis, Hampton, and Tennenf—helped to lay. in the United States of America, we shall not have lived in vain/; and who knows but that the Presbyterian Church of Australasia may bo greater than the great Presbyterian Church of the United States? No Chureh in Queensland has the opportunity of laying broad and deep foundations in the hearts of the scattered people of this land that we have. What Oue Woee Means. But this question comes up, What is our aim in seeking thus to spread the influence of our ehurch abroad? Is it to build up an ecclesias tical system or to glorify Presbyterianism ? No. Our planting churches is only a means to ah end. What we are here for is to point men and to bring men to Christ. Our business as a church is to realise this ideal in this colony. Our work is to briug the life of Christ into contact with every phase of real life in this land in which we dwell. Anyone can see that it is not realised. There are many evil influences at work. Many are outside of all godly influences. Many are openly hostile. Indifference is widespread. Infidelity has much opportunity for diffusion. If we would have Christ in every heart and the Ruler of every life arid the Friend of every home, there is much, to be done. But there are hindrances —hindrances for lack of men. We want more men. We want them for Charleville, Thargo mindah, Cairns, Cooktown, and other towns and villages. Wo want more unity—I mean unity of work. There is not enough cohesion between onr different congregations. There is too much of living each a law to themselves. There is more of Congregationalism than of Presbyterianism. Too many of us, I fear, re gard this Assembly as a legislature simply, and not as an executive. The support to. the schemes and funds of the church is of the most meagre and haphazard description. We want more faith. " All things are possible to him that believeth." On every hand the-talk is of financial depression. Banks are failing, in comes are curtailed, labour is abundant, but work is scarce and wages scarcer. All this is true. But, fathers aud brethren, tho worst kind of depression is spiritual depression, and horn that I am afraid we are suffering a great deal. There are Anakims, and Araale kites, and Jebusites, and Aroorites,"and Canaan ites, and walled cities and strong foes in the land into which God bids us go up. But what of that? "We are well able to overcome them." He that is with us is more than they that are with them. The Lord goes before us and He will fight for us. Oh, for more faith, for more of God's spirit, and then we should go forward aud do valiantly for the cause of our God. Ono of our brethren who is not present, writing to mo a week or two ago and con gratulating me on my nomination to the occupancy of this chair, expressed tho hope that my year of office might mark a new era for us as a church. I pray God that that hope may be realised, and I know this, the religion that is not a missionary religion dies. The church that is hot a missionary church meets the same fate. Wc must be a missionary church, or we shall die, and we deserve to. And do you know what presses upon me ? It is this thought: We are at a crisis in our history as a church as well as a colony. A bold policy, a vigorous policy; a polioy that is prepared to give np all for Christ that we may win this land for "Eft™, that goes forward trusting only in God —will meet with its great reward; bat a hesi tating, cowardly, easy-going policy means decay, atrophy, death. We stana to choose be tween two things. Shall we stand still, content if we get our own ease, while others step onward and take the prize; or shall we press forward to win this land for Christ for the welfare of man and the glory of onr God ? Let us cease crying unto God! Let ns arouse! Let ua.be men I The rod of God is lifted over the sea. Let us go forward, shoulder to shoulder, heart to heart; aud the waters that seem to hem us in will become walls of salvation. God is with us; will give us the victory over all onr foes, and bring us safe to the possession of the promised inheritance. Thanxs. On- the motion of Rev. A. C. Smith the assembly passed a vote of thanks to the retir ing moderator for his able services, and the efficient way in which he had carried out the duties of the office. On the motion of Revs. Dr. Hat and D. F. Mitchell a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the moderator for his address. Appointment op Clebx. On the motion of Revs. J. Cabson and C. J. Legate the Rev. A. Hay, D.L., was appointed clerk to the assembly, in the room of the Rev. R. Kerr. Foekal Busxnss. The remaining portion of the sederunt was occupied by formal business. 