ANEW FASHION IN GHOSTS. At atimewhen we begin to realiz science, philosophy,even theology, have had theirphantomsand goblins that ished at thedawaand thecook-orowin newknowledge, it is entertaining tos what a differentform superstition itsel taken. There is distinctly anew fashio ghosts. The old-fashioned ghosts of romance, clad in long, white garments, ful always anexpert Stockton's stories willremember the d ' glided'—the readers of Frank er culty hasno with which thehobgoblinwho down variably 'skipped * kept step with th ghostwho The glidedwhen theywent for uadof together—and whosolemnlywaved th hisarm hands for fall adieuwhen they disappeare y through to baredand bolted doors, or t'more ished inopenspaoe, are lost to ns f nderngled that twilightwonderland, hasbean ru The inscrutable etiqueteofNoMan's L line overturned. A skepticalyoung friend quisite mineonoesuggested that the character of is itsoode—perfectnoiselegsnees of en world tranceand exit,subdued stepanddem adn ofdeparted butlersor theshades of g silenoe untiladdresed—savoredtoo m men'sgentlemen.* keen But,however thism land be, all ischanged,and 'motley'sour wear.' to In the latedevelopmentsof th ht societies to for psychical researchwesee fan even butlersand valetsbut alower sof presumably kitchen menialsfrom their habits, that or, at the best, thetrampB , clownsof the the spirit-world. Soienoe h ngled dealt tha lastblow to oa: glider an stens vanisber,ourghostofaweandmys . Noteven a Bpeotral finger hasbeen If reif in the galeries at dufk oron tbe w beokon,not a vestige of hisrobe to y stairwaysof the draughtyand dilapidat ness mansions whichheunaccountably prefer to one fcequent. along inst Modern ghossts ere addicted to prac y joking.Onewas the heard ' gobblingabo like ihe a turkey-cock closebeside thebed ng wequote the narratives laidbefore th for above-mentioned a sooieties—and, again, « time stumblingoverbootsand to fhoec, th therewerenone arm there.'Oneaccountbe wel. an Theghost is ' a tailman, with s ees. very pale faoe,and dark hairand laou.'t the un-expressiough Bnt, alas,heshows theseme prrpen of his face is to-ro»ful ṛ 'Sometimeshe ly a isseenpeepingaround sideof Then anopen doerway, Eoiroiittes stealsupbehind nt the lady of thahouse slapshor H familiarlyon the back.' thus The likedisappointmentmeets us in folowing—alsooneof e will the best authen ated stories: « The latoh of thedoorm upanddown ; the ironcasementbega clatter,and also the lidof a warming- Ghostof adeparted icn-maid ! Perha piece murderedby a sensitive traveler for c tering rdly a real lid ashewasabont to sin blissful apord Theunseen guiders cf planchete are slumber. notably first given to tad habits. ' Espeei t when s.rtof thehandof theantom&tist; is haustedby in a longandsomewhat bar effort, h, theword ' devil' -wil sometime m writtenoverandover g again with anen t thatshooks the the unsuspecting writer." n- English vioat testifies that planchete is earth sadly addicted to evasionand subterf andshows for ' a total indiference to tru inary itsown take,coupled withwhat look amorbiddreadofBeeming tobe igno the one reply to a question.' Thefrcqueno neof fibsand quibbles in the planohete— of bits, this seriousclergymanagain—sugge thetendenoy nineas play practical jokes at, hi to mikegameof the e menterand teen expense. was Inteligent pirposeor relevance are tot lacking,and , the it is wel that the ghost soience ok issupposed topos>es theeha whioh o12 in Miss Matilda Stubb'smind r aining her loverabove allotheryoungmen— was ed in there'—forhe hasno other. In we teen are told that' theghost usualy a amanner indicating insanity or idiocy 'Aman riter in a frook coat,' and'awom end a_ veil'are in the habitof entering a ticularohambsr all the at nightand gazingup even theoccupants of the bed,but nothing of it.Anotherwoman is alwapiseen . she is in the actof turning corners many the cases the onlyknownoccupatio theghost it ismaking nighthideous with crash te of breaking glass or ehiaa. Ano displays uok, afondne»s forheat—has this referenoe utof to the climate of its habitual opha- denceP—' standing near the fireplace er- stove,but vanishingwh6n addressed. -'was short,' says theoompilersomewhat impatiently, ord •not a singleghostof all th broughtbefore iroi- usseems tohaveanyp to act in a rationalmanner to accom anything.' F 'Broughtbefore us !'What a reve •f ancient law aidprecedentwhenev ghostsmaybesummonedby soienoe, examined like ahousemaid as tomo oharectsrand general inteligence. But doesnot the yetappearwhat finesmay levied or penaltiesenforced formisde meanors Th« proved. It is anew fashion w gagedenly atone the unrestricted immigration of avengeancewhen.we investigate with teratevagabonds an of the spirit world in oys. ours.— Yeo Ela F. Mosby. - 