THE RAILWAY EMPLOYES' PICNIC. - Tha annualpicnic of the Victorian Railways ^Ivitisal Benefit Sodet j took x.'lace ob Saturday at. Lake Wcndouree, Ballarat. Special trains left Melbourne, YVilliamstown and Bendigo early i'-' the morning for the trystiug place. The train from Bendigo conveyed away some 700 persons three-fourths of "whom were women a;it! children. As many, more would have gone had tickets boon avilable, and much disappoint ment was felt by those who could get tickets. The morning was fresh and cool, and the day promised to Lie fine if a trifle war n, and every body was in the best of spirits. The various points of interest 011 the road were admired, particularly the young orchard plantations between Harcourt and Castlemaine. That fruit growing in that district pays, may be judged of from the fact-that three times the area of ground lias been planted that there was three years ago. The trees look healthy, and bear fruit abundantly, showing that the free granite soil is admirably adapted for the purpose. There is much of the same riclv granite soil at Ravc.'iswood, and fruit trees should grow equally well there, the Colibau race being also available for irrigation. After a few minutes rest at Castlemaine the train sped on its way by Campbell's Creek where the melancholy picture of the lone, worked-oufc, deserted diggings, recalled memories of the golden past. How invitingly lay that deep trenched ground for fruit cul tivation, and what visions of golden harvests of another and more lasting character crowded upon the mind. Like our own Bendigo valley the flats and dells and hillsides of Campbell's Creek will someday present the appearance of a.vast and beautiful garden with trees and vines ladened with rich and varied fruits. Passing on, the Guildford plateau, rising abruptly up for about a hundred feet from the creek and spreading out flat on the top for a breadth of half-a-mile, comes in view, and here and there at its base one sees the entrances of the miners tunnels, driven nearly through the plateau in serrch of the precious metal. This elevation con tinues pretty regular until it reaches Newstead, when the range becomes irregular in height and broken up by pleasant flats and narrow gullies, wh'.lo the country becomes more open and fit for cereal cultivation and grazing purposes. Nearing Joyce's Creek tiie splendid growth of thistles over the paddocks proclaims the rich ness of the soil, and the careless cultivation. The flat country is still widening, and the sharp edged features of the ranges begin to wear away and become more rounded. The plaint extend on to the rich country of Caris brook, and by and bye the features of the eoun" try change to those of a mining district amid low lying hills as Marj borough, which, like Epsom, is famous for the richness of its great alluvial lead, was approached. A short stay is made'at Maryborough, and the visitors get out the carriages, take in re freshments, and inspect the palatial station. The genial, chatty and courteous scationmaster, Mr. Mullins, showed a number of them round. There is no such station out of Mel bourne, Bendigo station is a mere shanty to it. In pillars and marble, and cornices and mirrors, it is rich. One mirror in the dining-room is said to have cost £150. This room is fit for a king. Indeed in the arrangement of the various offices everything is grand and complete, even the rooms set apart for con venience are equal to many a drawing-room. It is a station far ahead of the times, and Maryborough should be proud of its members of Parliament, who had influence enough to get sucli a magnificent structure erected there. The train again started on its journey, and Talbot is readied with its deserted diggings scattered over a wide extent of flat country, in the midst of which- like a ghost of the" olden time stands the weather-beaten, decaying poppet heads of a deserted mine. The hills in the dis ance have entirely changed in appearance from those in the districts left behind. They stand in the plains like great round mounds with soil to their summits and bare of trees. Clunes and Creswick noted for their alluvial mines, are admired in turn as the train sweeps on, and eventually Ballarat is reached. Here the bulk of the visitors got out with good appetites for dinner after their iii hours ride; and, having allayed the pangs of hunger, most of them sub sequently found their way by train-and cab to the lake and gardens and sport3 ground. Again meeting those who had gone 011 with the train to the Agricultural Society's grounds, near the lake, and where sports were held under the auspices of the Railway Society. These in cluded foot racing of various kinds, and afforded interest and amusement to those who attended them. But the bulk of the visitors kept within the cool breeze which swept over the clear and rippling waters of Wcndoureo, picnicking by its grassy bank3, or sailing in the numerons boat3 anil steamers plying on the lake. Many attended the Miners' Sports in the immediate neighborhood, and very few but strolled through the Botanic Gardens alongside the lake, ad miring the rich display of flowers and shrubs, and the beautiful statuary presented by citizens of Ballarat. The group of " the Flight from Pompeii" and surrounding figures which stand 111 a pavilion by themselves, railed for universal expressions of commendation. They are certainly very beautiful, and of high excel lence as works of art. At the sports ground a banquet was held, at which speeches were de livered by members of the Ministry. A sail on the take was of course one of the great attractions, and the steamers and boats were crowded all the afternoon. Some of them in fact too crowded for safety, and this is a matter which should be seen to by the authori ties, not only that the number allowed on board at a time, should he restricted, but the steamers and boats nhould be officially inspected and passed before they are permitted to be used An accident did iiappen, nearly resulting in verj- serious consequences. The steamer Prin cess, said to be ail old boat, and to have met with accidents before, went out from the wharf crowded, the weight sinking the ves sel so low that the water was close on the deck. Passing too near one of the reedy islands, the 6teamer struck the mud causing her to lurch and thewater rushing in she speedily sank. The con sternation mid alarm of the passengers- most of them women and children-was great, and there were screams for assistance. But though the accident was observed from the shore and many beats and steamers, none of the vessels were in a hurry to render help. Fortunately the water was not deep,and as the steamer had settled do;1,'11 011 her bottom,the passengers were able to stand in her up to the middle in water holding the children in their arms. Had the boat capsized, many of the passengers would probably have been drowned. Eventually the whole of them were brought to shore, and hurried into the city to change or dry their dripping garments. Two of the women on reaching land fainted from the nervous shock, and much trouble resulted in bring them to. One of them, Miss Cunningham, of Don-street, Bendigo, was too ill to return to her home. Another lady, who had been unable to get her clothes dried, took ill in the return train from the cold and wet that she suf fered, and had to be supplied with stimulants. Mrs. Beebe. senr., of this city, was one of the passengers 011 board, and two of her daughters would have been with her but for meeting a friend and chatting just as the steamer was moving off, and they were fortunately left behind. At 6.30 p.m. the return journey began, and the train arrived safely at Bendigo after mid night. But one opinion was expressed, that the outing was a most delightful one. Great credit is due to the committee of management and to the secretary, Mr. H. W. Hawkeswood, for the excellence of their arrangements, the only regret heing that all who wanted to go from Bendigo were unable to do so for want of conveyance. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (KIIOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Sunday, 19th February. About 6,000 persons attended at the railway employes picnic at the Agricultural Society's Show Groundsliere yesterday. Among the guests at the bnnquet were the lions. A. Wynne, Richard son and R. Baker (Ministers), the Speaker, several members of Parliament, and Mr. K. L. Murray, one of the Commissioners. Mr. Wynne, in replying to the toast of the Ministry, inti mated that the Government intended to re trench in earnest. In illustration of the waste and over red tape, he said that among other matters a pile of manuscript nearly a foot high concerning a disputed account for £5 between the Railway department and Postal department came before him recently. Ho promptly put an end to the wretched correspondence, and in all such circumlocutory matters Ministers would act] with similar promptitude. The weather was very disagreeable, a brick-fielder blowing all the morning. 