congregational union. In connection with the annual meeting of the Congregational Union of New South Wales, the .sittings of which commence to day, the union sermon was preached in the Pitt-strcet Church last cveniug by the Rev, Window Davies, M.A., in the presence of a fairly largo congregation, i ho text selected was the 31st verse of the 4th chap, of Acts : 44 And when they bad prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled together ; and they were all filled with the lloly Ghost, and they spake t lie word of God with bold ness." The incident thus recorded was, the preacher said, a memorable one, but it was a phenomenon which had been seen elsewhere ami on several occasions. After all, there was nothing to perplex them in this wonder ful occurrence. If < !od unveiled His face lo them that night, they would go away from the meetings of the union exulting as.-iho early Christians exulted. What message did that wonderful phenomenon bring to them that night? Li the lirst place, it at tested the sacrcdness of the Christian assembly : and, in the second place, it illustrated the possibilities of prayer. He would ask — Wore they indeed a praying people? It was not for him to attempt any answer to that groat and critical question ; but speaking for him self. ho acknowledged thai ho had been filled with shame and grief as lie looked hack over many years id service ami discovered how dimly ho had recognised the mighty possibilities that prayer placed within his reach. The incident set out. in tlm text also declared the nearness and the siiliieieucy of uuii, i iiumu 11 1.1". i «u vol unaii.ml tll'-'i unto God in their extremity, and behold Ho was nigh. The scene was historic and1 pro phetic. Their supremo need Unit night, as in the early days, was not money, but conse cration of spirit; not new methods, but new life; not improved machinery, but- increased motive power ; not rounder principles, but stronger faith : not richer endowments, but a deeper ami wider chanty ; not more speech, but a Diviner inspiration ; not more ser mons, not larger assemblies, but another Ihmtceost. Why should they not wait for it; why should not a profound discontent stir and possess them unl.ilanoi.her .Pentecost broke in plenteous rain upon God's heritage Why should it not come that night as they surrounded l-ho Lord's table ? The choir of the Point Piper-road church led the service of praise, and after the sermon a united communion service took place. 