OUR LONDON BUDGET. (prom our own correspondent.) Heard outside Forest Hill Church Curate : "I did not see you at church last Sunday, Mr Kaufdrop !" Carl : "I had von coldt. ' Ze ghost vos willink, but ze meat vos feeble.' " The movement in favor of short skirts seems to be spreading. Simul taneously with the establishment in England of a Short Skirt League, the ladies of Kansas City have combined to shorten their dresses " three inches or more." A resolution to that effect .was introduced at a meeting of the Equal Suffrage Society of that city, and passed with every token of enthusiasm, in which, it is asserted, two grey-liaired men heartily joined. The only dissentient voice came from a woman, who thought that skirts ought to be still shorter, hut it was explained to her that the " three inches" meant simply an expedient for keeping the more conservative uiembersin svmnathv with the movement, and that the " or more" might signify any degree of shortness. The rapid strides that are being made in bacteriological study en courage the idea that medical treat ment will in the near future be com pletely revolutionised. We shall be inoculated for every disease, and, barring accidents, nobody will die from any other cause than senile decay. A very pleasant prospect truly ! Nur series will be founded, where will be cultivated the baccilli of every known disease. Laws will be passed by Par liament making it compulsory for pcviciivg uv itw » v cv i l uiiuu uuiiuiuu inoculated with the attenuated virus of all the worst diseases — -say one a month ; so that the babies of the future are likely to have a somewhat uncomfortable time. Vaccination, as at present practised, will be regarded as mere child's play. Candidates for Civil Service appointments will have to produce certificates of having been successfully inoculated. against at least two dozen diseases, and the standard in this respect will be raised as years go on. The sale of nauseous drugs will be almost entirely dispensed with, and the price of quinine will go down bU 'Jtu UUU. XIIOWXU UL UI1U LUalUlUtU)' legend, " Pharmaceutical Chemist by Examination, &c.;," over the druggists' shops, we shall have " Lymph Seller by Special Appointment to his (or her) Most Gracious Majesty," or plain "Licensed Lymph-Seller." The only medicines that will not be superseded will be " patent pills." For these I believe there will always be a field — so long as the world goes round. Some of the best known animals of the present day are characterized by. some extraordinary peculiarities. Strange: though it may "appear, : tor- toises and turtles have no teeth, and all animals that chew the cud have cloven feet. Both mandibles of the parrot's beak are moveable, but most birds are able to move only one. The horse, has no eyebrows. The appear ance of much white in the eye of a liorse indicates a vicious nature. The stork is partial to kittens as an article of food, and finds thorn an easy and wholesome prey, : and cats reciprocate by a love or young storks. The frog, owing to its peculiar structure, eannot breathe 'with the mouth open, and if it were forcibly kept open , the animal would die of suffocation. An amusing controversy is going on" between some of the New York and some of the San Francisco papers in reference to the underclothing of ladies, A New York journal says : — But, oh; :: the Sail, Francisco girl! You should see her,' not as she is seen, but as: she is when she . lifts her dress off over . lier head ancl stands revealed in her Parisian gorgeousness. She is as fond-of colors as a Creole. It is need-, lnss t.n sav tlin h Snlnmnn in all his orlnrv . — _ — - — D — j was not arrayed " like one of her, for we know very well he was not. But, mayhap; the Queen of Sheba " dressed herself dike this when she came to see King; ' Solomon. -; The San Francisco girl has from, twelve- to twenty sets of silk underwear; made by John China; man; : There -is a ;lo vcly - si! k chemise, the filmincs's ' of, which the tests by drawing it through a finger-ring. Her corset matches her chemise to a breaili; and . is clasped with jewels. . Her silk unmentionables are a bewildering array of tucks; gold lace, and insertion, gold rr . . . , .... lace, insertion, aud tucks, until you are moved to mourn because they are nob built for sliow. When she goes away for_ a day or two, she carries a whole set of silk -underclothes in her pocket. .. She wears jewelled- garters, but they are only what poker-players call a bluff, because' the real work is done by : embroidered hose-suimorters. She wears two or three petticoats — gay silk, of . course — and when she gives her order to John Chinaman, she says: 'Put plenty of , lace on them,' and John replies : ' Allec lite. Closiee you fifteen dolla.' . She spends most of her money on silk underclothes, and she does not care who knows it." He was the villain ! standing there, Darkly handsome and debonnaire, And she. bade him begone with lofty air ; f But that was part of the play, rhe Heroine she ! And a gown from : France Her tearful beauty did much enhance. ouv tmiiK she gave him one swift, sweet glance ; And that was not in the play. He roughly seized her delicate wrist, And grimly eyed her and fiercely hissed, You arc mine, and my prey -I hare never missed !" But that was part of the play.- Her voice rang out like a clear-toned bell, his loathed advances she did repel : But he kissed her after the curtain fell, And that was not in tho play. 