Local ancL General." PAEEAKATTA BORODOH CODNOH.—It waa pretty generally understood, that no.quonim would be formed at the meeting of Uie Council, which, in the ordinary course of events, shonld have taken place on Monday last. . So jtturned oat. At tbe hoar for meeting, 7.3P I>.m., 'the Mayor' and Aldermen Taylor, Saunders, Dixon, Thorpe, Campbell ana Withers were present—in the Council Clerk's office. A good many ratepayers, too, were hanging about, but the eipeflted t^t didjaot'eome oft^ ThereBult fit a ooninltation waffbat it was-iigi$ed,.£bat a special nesting of .the Conncil should be ^convened 'for Wednesday evening, when it is-proposed to denl farther with the matter of the special auditors' claim—it is understood, again in cbmmittee. The erdinary business of the Coancil will,'in all likelihood, Jie dealt with on; Monday evening next. CTOBEKLAND DISTBICT LODGE.-—The. regula monthly'meeting of theOnmWland Distriot Lodge,. I.O.G:T., was hela on Saturday last in tbe Primitive Methodist Schoolroom, Parra-; matta. The D.C.B., Bro. John 8aunders, opened the proceedings at the usual time, when there was a good attendance of representatives. .After-the opening ceremonies, tbe G.C.T., Bro. W. L. Dash, was received officially, and presided during the remainder of the session. JQW&Y; suffer from Neuralgia f It is a. fact beyond dispute, and one of great consolation to tbe afflicted, that Doyle's Neuralgic Powders are instantaneous in relief and euro in BU neuralgic cases. Send to the Dispensary, sGoorge- slrett, Parramatta.—ADVT. SPECIAL GBAKD LODOE SasstoN.—On Satur day afternoon last a special seBBiou of tbe Grand Lodge of N.B.W., I.O.G.T., was held in the Primitive Methodist Schoolroom, Parramatta, for tbe purpose of conferring the Grand Lodge degree upon a number of candidates. The G.C.T., Bro. W. L. Dash, presided, and the session was, throughout, a pleasant one. Box BILLET WOOD, any length, per ton, 12s Sd. Newcastle Largs Coal, per ton, 20s. Metropolitan Large Coal, per ton, I6s. Cash on Delivery. M. King, Wood and Coal Dep&t;, George-street, Pammatta.—ADVT. LIS CLOOBBS SB COEHVILLK.—The third representation of this opera will take place in the Parramatta Town Hall to-night (Wednesday.) The great suopess which attended the first two performances of the opera (in an artistic sense) should result in crowded attendances to-night and to-morrow, and judging from the reports that are current as to the demand for tickets, aud the opinions very generally expressed among the .community, that result may be confidently anticipated. Farther,, it may be anticipated, that each eaoceesive play ing of the opera will excel Its predecessor—though, in soma respects, this will not be found an easy task. SPECIAL TIKPEBAKCI SEBRICAA.-On Sanday evening special temperance addresses were delivered at 8t. John's Church, Parramatta, by the Bev. F. B. Boyoe, of St. Paul's, £sdfera, and at the Primitive Methodist Churoh, Parramatta, by tbe pastor, Bev. W. G. Bm'ailss. Fuller reports of these addresses may be looked forward to in our nsxt issue. . TBE SPECIAL AUDIT.—The matter of the claims of tbe special auditors has not been advanced much. A certain communication has been received from the auditors' solicitors, which leaves the matter pretty much " as it was ". Meanwhile the legal proceedings have not been abandoned. A special meeting of the Council wiU ba held this evening to deal further with tbe matter. AHATBUB TALENT.—In a tobacconist's shop on Church-street, just now, are four photographs representing the'Baillie and Gobo—from «' Les Clocbes *de Corneville." The one Showing the Baillie poking with his staff the windchest of Gobo, BO tbat he may tbe more easily look down that very slender character's cavernous mouth in search of ghosts, or other contraband spirits, is particularly effective. In the same window, there is a pen and fak sketch of a well known Parramatta resident, frantically endeavouring to break theGalston record on a bike. The features are not as accurate as probably the draftsman migbt have made them ; but in these days of quaint libel actions, it is wise to exerciBe talent slowly. Anyway, the orowd appreciates tbe pictures as much as the photos, and, as works of art in tbeir particular lines, they reflect much credit on the Parramatta natives who are understood to be responsible for them, but whose names (from innate modesty!) do not appear. DBATH or MHS. ABTHVB ECBKS.—The many friends of the Bev. Arthur Burns, of tbe Fiji Wtsleyan Mirsion, will regret to hear that news was received in Parramatta, on Monday, of the death of his wife (nee Miss Clifton). The sad event took place at tbe mission station, in the Fijian group, to which the young couple proceeded after their wedding, some months ago. Mrs. Burns' health failed, after she settled in the islands, the olimate of which, apparently, did not agree with her. The utmost sympathy is expressed in Panamatta and district with the young widower,—who, however, is reported to be bearing manfully this heavy grief of his young manhood. THE PABBAMATTA NOBTH BALL.—The final meeting of the Committee in charge of arrangements for the Parramatta North ("Sympathy") bull was held at the entertainment-hall of the Hospital for the Insane, on Monday afternoon last. Mr. C. H. Spier occupied the. chair. The secretary (Mr. L. C. Bowling) reported that everything waa "now cleared for action," and the ball might, so far as the readiness of every detail was conoerned, be commenced that evening. Liberal donations were reported, and it was announoed tbat the ticketB were going off well. The secretary reported that the programmes and pencils had been presented as a gift by two city firms of publishers (Mr. John Hands and Messrs., Turner and Henderson). It was offioially notified that', no persons would be' allowedun tbe B.I. grounds, except on showing at the outer gate a ball ticket. A VALUABLE HOBSB KILLED.—A serious aceide&t; ocourred in Church- street'North, Parramatta, on Saturday morning IOBI, which -terminated in tbe destruction of a horse of some value, belonging to a man, named Kendon, residing near the Model,Farms. The ciri®Distances were rather peculiar. A man named Goodman was proceeding down the hill ia Church street, with a dray heavily laden with wood, and drawn by two horses. By some means the wood shifted, and falling, en the tiaokof the horse in the shafts, brought the animal down, the heavy weight testing npon i|,and preventing it from rising. The leading hone was easily enough freed, but it took a long time, before thiB could be accomplished in the oase of the animal in the shafts, Which was soreaming'with j>ain, -aBil -moaning in a pitiful fashion, all -the while. JWhen at length the task was accomplished, the horse started up with a good deal of noise, and this had the effect of starting another horse attached to a vegetable cart, which was standing by, the owner having gone to the wood- carter's assistance. Without more ado, he started off up tbe street, galloping alongthe roadway as fat as Wilson's oomer; here the-abimaltetnea en to thejjoptpath, continuing his eareej, jintil be oamp in contact jrith a vocabdab. i>e8t at Mr. Granger's premises, whioh wU'snappo by the force of tbe conoussion. A worse result, however, was found in the h!Sie'i fate;! be broke a shoulder, and had shortly- afterwards tb be destroyed to be put out of his misery. The occurrence is the more to be regretted because the owner of the horse and oart.ua poor, struggling man, whb mil ill, afford the fceny -loss involved. , i THE P.B.C. OFBV THE SBABON.—On Batur day afternoon the Parramatta Bowing Club opened.the. smson with soulling matches for a cup presented by' Messrs. Lassetter and Co. The entries were very good, but at the last moment several members forfeited. The various beats were! well' Contested, and .resulted as follows :-3Tirst round s T. Bariy, 25 seconds, beat Dr. Millard, 10 seconds; J. Boche, 30 seconds, beat G. Boche, 35 seoonds; A. Davey, 10 seconds, ..beat E. Bowden, 30 seoonds. Second found: T. Barry Seat*3'. -Boohe; D. Bussell, 25 seoonds, beat H. Davey, scratch; A. Davey a bye. T. Barry, A. Davey, and D. BusseU are noirteftia Jw the third round and final. . :."!!.'.•• . : '^V '".'•' ; FULBXBN'S ANROAII CELEBBATIO.V.—On Mon day, 2nd inst., the firemen of No. 1 Brigade, Parramatta, held their annual meeting—with no little manifestation, of -enthusiasm and esprit de corps—at the 'engine iiouse,- Chur street. The old officers were re- elected.—On Saturday last, the manbers of the Brigade and a few friends drove to Manly, at whioh popular harbour village they spent a pleasant day. jf*"* 1^, -*•"•• t- Tai .Boss J L«H0K.^-Wi haVe-heard - of lemons 'ot various 1 ' sires, ebipes/luid' ^iialiti&s; 1' but the " boss " in ..this .direction waa found last Sunday, io Mr. H.' J.' Cox's orohard, Acacia Farm, Carlingfqrd. On Monday.morning it was on new in Messr*.'13iles ^rte. window, Church-street, Panamatta; where it -was the theme of admiration by all beholders who understand what a goo3, large Lisbon lemon is. This one is firm, bright, absolutely free from specs: and turns the scale at lib 3J ounces.— Next one, please. • GBAUVILLB PBNTMWMETHODIBT CHCEOH.— r The anniversary celebration in connection with this .churoh took place OB Sunday. Special services were held, and in" the'afternoon'the service of song," Promoted,'' was rendered by the church choir, assisted by friends.'--There was a large attendance. The connective readings were given by Mr. W. H. Carrick.. .Collections were taken np in aid of the trust r funds. • ScicmB or A POLICE BBBQEAKT.—A wire from Melbourne says: A very sad, and at pre* sent unexplained, 'Suicide took place on Saturday at tbe Bussell-street Police Barracks, when Sergeant F. Deny, a very promising subofficer, shot himself with a revolver. Deceased, at breakfast time, as was his custom, kissed his -wife and ohildren. on leaving %is quarters for duty, and walked' across the oobrtyard,. apparently in cheerful spirits, but on entering the office he almost immediately put a pistol in hiB mouth and blew his brains out. The sergeant was at once conveyed to the hospital, but the medical man saw that life was extinct. Deceased was chief clerk in the Metropolitan Superintendent's office, and had been there M yean. An examiHation of his accounts, which was ordered, has so far revealed no irregularity, and the deoeased's wife knows of nothing which oould have induced her husband to take his life.—k later wire states tbat an inquest had been held and tbat the evidence showed that deoeassd had been suffering from some, form of brain disease, brought on by brooding ovor his incapacity to manage bis accounts. He bad charge of miscellaneous caBh accounts, and they were in great confUBion. ~ About a hundred small parcels of money with particulars attached, \- were lying in the office, not having been carried to account. Deceased had nearly £600 in the Savings Bank. The. jury found that deceased shot himself while temporarily IHDUCTION 6EBVICESATGOBDOKAND HOBNS BY.—On Saturday afternoon the Primate held an induction eervics in Gordon Churchy when the Bev. B. Raymond King, M.A., was installed. After partaking of refreshments, the Primate proceeded to Hornsby, where be officiated at a .similar service, the minister installed being the same as at Gordon. Mr. Sing, who has lately been stationed at Wallerawang, succeeds the late Bev. E. Crisford. 