THE POPE AND IRELAND.. On Tuesday morning (says the Roman correspondent of the Irish Catholic of 25th February) the Irish pilgrims, with the Irish in Rome, were received in special audience by his Holiness Leo XIII. They altogether numbered close upon eight hundred persons. They assembled in the large Consistorial Hall, and almost filled it. After over an hour's waiting the Pope, accompanied by his Prelate and Noble Guard, entered the hall, and having taken his place upon the throne placed between the windows on the long side of the vault room, the Cardinal Primate addressed a few words to his Holiness in French. This wss followed by the reading of the address in Latin by the Right Rev. Dr. M'Cormack, Bishop of Gal way. To this the Pontiff briefly replied in Latin, and then the Pontifical attendant, Mgr. Bisleti, on behalf of the Pontiff, read, also in Latin, and in a loud, clear voice, the Pope's reply to the address. A translation of this, accurate and full, follows. The pilgrims then were blessed by the Pontiff en masse, with all the rosaries, crucifixes, and other objects of devotion tbey carried with them, and the priests having cure of souls were empowered to give, with the consent of their bishops, the Pontifical Benediction to their flocks on their return to Ireland. The following is the DISCOTJESB OF THE POTS. "Joy filled our heart when we heard how the Irish nation, with one accord and pious rivalry, on occasion of the fiftieth anniversary of our Episcopal consecration, were offering incessant prayer to God to preserve us through these troublous times. We are also grateful that God in His mercy has beard your prayer, and permitted you, after a toilsome pilgrimage, to take part in these solemnities. " Your devotedness and that of your PABMO is a splendid medicine for complaints ot liver and kidneys. MIBUFA cures asthma, coughs, and. all bronchial affections. NATANMA prevents and cores diarrhoea, vomiting, and general siokness. Kunsk is a most excellent tonic, giving splendid tone to the stomaoh. 11 you suffer from any of these oomplalnts kindly give these medicines a trial, and note the great benefit to yourself. fellow-countrymen to the Holy See is made manifest, and you haTe given another auspicious proof of the zeal^with which you are animated. These noble qualities have long been recognised and approved £ us and our heart has been recently gladdened by your ready submission to our voice in a matter of grave importance. "On this happy occasion jou have testified to us that Holy Ireland, the sacred offspring of St. Patnck is^iU mindful of his teaching, that the chiel mark and safeguard of ^e Christian faith is an intimate union with the See of Borne. This noble heritage of faith, so jealously guarded by your forefathers and handed down intact, has been preserved by you with equal Bdelity and has ofttimes won from us well-merited praise. To-day we renew and confirm that praise, and commend to you that golden precept of your Apostle—' Ut Christian, ita et Bomani silis.' There is more than one reason to sustain its appropriateness. In the first place, be ever of one mind and heart with us, and likewise regard not only our commands, but also our wishes and advice as coming from Christ Himself, and for this reason fulfil them with willing hearts. Beware of the craftiness of perverse men who distort the teachings of the Church and endeavour to lessen our authority. Let priests and people show honour and deference to bishops, whom the Holy Ghost has set over them ; for by adhering to and obeying them the bond of union with the Chief Pastor— the .Roman Pontiff—is strengthened. " When you expressed your thanks to us for raising the Archbishop of the illustrious See of Armagh to the Sacred College, on account of his merits, you interpreted correctly this act as a proof of our love for the Irish people. The advantage of this closer union of the Irish' Church With the See of Peter will be that one in immediate relation with .the JJoitrtiju Pontiff will represent and advance their interests. " As a, practical proof of our earnest- ^e&s;/'wi have approved and aided the • erection in this city of a church in honour of Saint Patrick. The building is begun, and will be worthily completed when the necessary funds are provided, and we doubt not that all Ireland, following our example, will generously contribute. " And now, beloved children, we again exhort you to be constant in that attachment to Home and to the successor of St. Peter of,which you have given such splendid "example in the past. Unite with the Pontiff in his joys, share his increasing sorrows, and, like faithful children, succour and help him in his need. When you return home carry back to your hearths the spirit of faith, . quickened by the memories of the apoBtles and martyrs, whose tombs you have so . sedulously visited. " Tell your fellow-countrymen that we mbrace them all with the affection of a oving father, and that we desire for all, hat in reward for her faith, through the ntercession of St. Patrick, Ireland may be blessed in her domestic and public ffairs with abundant prosperity. As a ledge of our paternal love, we impart to you, beloved children, to your families, and to the whole of Catholic Ireland our apostolic benediction." Each person was presented to the Pope, kissing the ring upon bis finger, and hearing a kindly word or receiving a graoious smile, until the whole of the 800 or so had passed before him. There were present:—The Cardinal Primate, the Archbishop of Trinidad, the Bishops of Cork, Killaloe, Waterford, Galway, Hamilton (Canada), Harbor Grace (Newfouudland), and Canea (Auxiliary of Dublin). The Chamberlains on duty were:—Sir Henry Bellingham, Bart., and !Oie O'Clery. Amongst those present were also Viscount Southwell, Lord O'Hagan, Hon. Kathleen O'Hagan, Major Boss of Bladensburg, the Dean of Armagh, Mgr. Murphy, Archdeacon of Drogheda, Count Moore and family, Count Baymond, Miss Logue, the Mayor of Cork, Bev. Fr. Bing, O.M.I., Bev. Prior Glynn, Hickey, etc. Great praise is everywhere expressed at the way this pilgrimage was conducted. 