WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW t Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main-street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boarda with her. The bouse is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1691) the two women locked all the doors and went to tbe theatre, leaving not a soul in the bouse. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laugh ing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Bight iu the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part uf *»is faoft-«* ^ .... - ^«-i eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he earried a long, old-faebioned pistol. The women fled screaming from tbe room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later be found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. I What was it tbe women saw f ' During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, 'I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fonrth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by t chat seemed like the calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a , journey, on which journey 6be was lulled in a railway disaster. 1 ecreatned and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gocsips said it was a summons and I would never get 1 well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe tbat vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, : and it's more than three years ago now.' No d. ubt it was the . nerves. Wby, : . there's no end to the tricks the nerves will : play off on yon when your aystem is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott-road, Pokes down, Hants, wrn'c us as follows:—-'./ toasso dreadfully nervous 1 could not bear aoyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish tbem far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1869. I slept very badly, and in tbe morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my bead and over my eyes, aod I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and tbe fetomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless ia bed. The doctor said be didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was no thing but skin and bone. My memory dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and ray friends agreed that I would never get better. j '* I bad given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was toking. She told me she was herself once just sb badly off, and waB cored by Mother Scigel's Curative Syrup. Afl flbe seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went * downstairs. Now l am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my ? nervousness has left me.' The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, aud the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true tbat most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of -nerves all npset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, aud when Mother 8eigel'e Syrnp . does its work tbe eye and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. Not anoogh to go routz-L~A semi-circle. Hofte68-*Are you a musician, Mr» ?fonts f * Jonsa— ' Well— «r— yea ; I think I can lay claim to some knowledge of mus k.1 Hostess— 'lam delighted to know it My daughter is iabout to play-nd I should ba Ttrjr glad if yoa would kiodlv ton U» auoMfer^r. 