THE SALVATION ARMY. THE ANNUAL SOCIAL GATHERING. Meetings in connection with the social an nual of the Salvation army were held on Sun day. The gatherings, which were led by Commissioner Coombs, of Viotoria, assisted by Majors Jeffries and Hoskin, and Staff Captains Bennett, of Gawler, and Gallant, of Broken Hill, took place at North Adelaide in the morning, Bowden in the afternoon, and Morphett-street in the evening, all being well attended. The holiness service held in the North Ade laide Barracks was largely attended. Com missioner Coombs, who has done much plat form work, is quite at ease in expounding Bible truth. He chose for his morning lesson the 5th chapter of Ephesians and the 26th and 27th verses — ' That he might sanctify and cleanse the church with the washing of water by the word, that He might present it to Himself a glorious church not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish.' The Salvation Army, he said, did no appreciate their history enough. More than any other organisation they had been the means of reviving the power of personal testi mony in a present salvation, and they had also been largely used in spreading the doctrine of holy living promulgated by such men as Fletcher, Bramwell, and others, and bearing testimony to its power in their lives as an accomplished fact. Holiness did not mean angelic perfection, but it meant Christian perfection. There was no necessity for there being any remnants of sin left in the soul. God could deliver completely from the power of Bin. Holiness did not mean bein^ saved from infirmity of body, though the possession of a pure heart would greatly help the body. Sanctification would enable one the better to bear his infirmities with gladness and magnify the grace of God. What was wanted was that the soul should be master of the body and dominate the flesh. Sanctified people were not saved from making mistakes, they were men still, but filled with the Holy Ghost and doing the will of God from a pure heart. Christ loved the churob that He might sanctify and cleanse it, and it waa very easy to believe that one could be holy when he got to heaven. Many believed that they were going to be holy when they died, but the Bible taught, and the experience of many confirmed the truth of it, that holiness was attainable now by renouncing every false way and submitting entirely to the will of God. The address was of an inspiriting character. 