I GOSSIP. I Several old-world dance» are to he per- formed, by spécial command of thc Emperor of Germany, on thc occasion of the wedding of his youngest sister, Princess Margaret of Prussia, which will take place at Berlin in January next» Thc oflicers of thc First Dragoons, tho bridegroom's regiment, arc said to bc practising a quadrille on horseback for thc great occasion. Lamp-shades of silk and chiffon have become somewhat monotonous, and tho latest novelty, in the shape of pretty little yachts, will be hailed with gladness. The miniature craft arc neatly made of pale shades of crinkled paper, nud have riggings of narrow gold cord and tiny silk flags waving from their mast-heads. As the pretty little nautical shade costs only a couple of shillings, they aro likely to bc very popular dinner-table decorations. Thc altar frontal that figures in thc room in which Princess Marie will bc married, the same writer tells UB, is a beautiful piece of needlework. Thc ground is of cream damask silk and gold diaper, upon which a conven- tional design of pomegranates and leaves in gold thread, pink, green, and blue silks, is embroidered over white velvet. A super frontal is simulated by side panels of gold, outlined in criinson-and-gold silk lace. In thc centre there is a large panel of figured white brocade, above which are the letters I. H.S. ingold. Thc same timi of ecclesias- tical decorators who have carried out thc Royal order have a handsome banner on hand, intended for thc Protestant Church of St. George in Paris. Early in March, therefore (.4tia* soys), the Queen proposes to hold a Court at bucking- ham Palace, for which invitations aro to bc issued by the Lord Chamberlain to the Corps Diplomatique, Ministers and ex-Ministers sud their wives, and, indeed, to most of the per- sonages who permanently enjoy the privilege of thc entree, with any additions indicated or approved by Her Majesty. At this Court the Queen will " receive " all the company per- sonally, as the number of invitations is to lie limited. The Court is to be held in thc Throue Room, and workmen have recently been engaged in the adjoining apartment, which is thc entrée room, and which has been superbly redecorated in blue and gold. Thc proposed Court will, it uppears, not interfere with thc usual Drawing Rooms, of which four arc to be held next season at Buckingham Palace, according to present arrangements. Two of these will bc in March, and arc to be held by Princess Christian for thc Queen. The others will be early in Moy (probably during thc first week of the month, and everyone nopes that the Princess of Wales may be able to bold them ; but on this point nothing can be settled for several months to come. In spite of the bad times which have pre- vailed in every branch of commerce during the last twelve months, thc marriage market has not languished ; in fact, statistics, os applied to the great middle class (says u writer in thc St. Jame*'* (Suzette), show an improvement, while ainoug the " upper ten " the average hos been fairly sustained. Six earls have added six countesses to thc ranks of thc peeresses. One viscount, four barons, two baronets, and one duke have taken to themselves wives. Tho most popular author of tho day and the heir to an enormously wealthy dukedom have also been removed by marriage from competition. A large number of " honourables " have married well, several among them having taken American brides. "Atlas" tells us in the World that he has reason to believe the Queen will not herself hold unyinore Drawing Rooms. Foryearspastithas been Her Majesty's custom to retire from the Throne Room before thc Drawing Room was half over, leaving thc larger portion of the general company to be received by the Princess of Wales. One result of this practice was a series of frantic and most unseemly struggles to reach the Throne Room carly, und on several occasions the altercations at the barriers between the eager, angry, and excited dames were so loud and violent that sounds of the conflict penetrated to thc royal circle. Another result hos been a very large increase in the number of special applications for thc " day " entrée, all of which go before the Queen, who deals herself with these re- quests. There is, it is considered, little reason why the Queen should continue to hold thc Drawing Rooms, especially os she always suffers from headache and general malaise for several hours after one of these wearying functions. A writer in the Gcntlctoomaii is responsible for the following thrilling story :-Two young girls, one of whom I know, went to stay in a country house some time during this year. They were given a room with a legend at- tached to it to thc effect that a woman whose face was covered with blood haunted it. I believe, however, that thc girls laughed and said they didn't mind. That night they went to bcd, and very soon afterwards thc door opened and a woman rushed iu, her face covered with blood, and threw herself on the bcd. Thc girls, terrified out of their senses, pulled the bedclothes over their heads, and remained where they were, too frightened to move. At length, hearing nothing, they fell od' to sleep, thinking thc ghost had gone ; hut thc next morning when they awoke, there, right across thc foot of thc bcd, lay the woman dead and cold. Poor thing ! she was one of thc ladies' maids who hud suddenly broken a blood-vessel, and ran in to try and get help ¡ but not being able to speak for choking, and also being the exact impersona- tion of thc " ghost," she got no assistance, und so died. On some parts of the Continent a small piece of vanilla is put into the teapot together with the tea. The flavours are said to blend well, just as in Russia you take your tumbler of tea with a slice of lemon instead of milk, and ns in France and Germany you udd a teaspoonful of arrack or rum to your thimble- ful of after-dinner coffee. But there is yet a daintier way of taking your vanilla- flivour with your tea. And this ratline manner (says a writer In the Pall Mall Gazette) is English, and not Continental. When the tea or codec service is being made, vanilla flavouring is added to the china when it is in thc potter's handB, and thus, it is baked into every article of tho set. Whenever, afterwards, tho tea things get hot, as they arc being used, they cxhalea faint aroma of vanilla, which to tho fastidious, may bc preferable to the actual infusion into beverages of the piece of the square slum of the vanilla aromática, THK IIUMIII.K PIS. Greek and Roman ladies fastened their tresses willi metal pins, and thc ancient Britons used those made of ivory. Tiley were comparatively rare, and regarded usa luxury. Garments were fastened with strings, laces, skewers, even with thorns. When the pin of commerce was finally introduced, though u comparatively clumsy all'air ut ti ist, it met with universal favour, and soon found ila important niche. For law mid literature have both noticed this useful trifle. Hamlet set his " life nt a pin's fee," and the urllietcd Queen of langland compared lier " wietchcdnc68 to a row of pins." Dear me ! what signilies a pin were the haughty words of the heroine of a poem of June Taylor's, dear to a generation now past. Hut she soon saw the value of thc slighted object, when, at thc hour appointed for the pleasure party : Thc cnrriaire rattled to thc door, Then rallied fn>l nwoy ; ltnt poor Eliza wns not in, Tor want or ju§t n single pin ! Who lins not read of the young mnii who attracted thc nttention of his future patron by stooping to pick up a pin. Ami of thc prisoner who saved him- self from madness by dully casting three or four from him in the darkness of Ins cell, and then painfully searching until he found them again When, after six year*'imprisonment, thc news of lils freedom was brought him, lie was on thc ground, hunting for one pin which lind beenfor two daysmisslng. Thc fourpins, bent and corrodod, were set in a brooch and worn by his wife, to whom they were more precious than gems. Superstition has not forgotten tlie pin. Like other pointed articles it in "to be lent, not given," and we are told in strains embodying equal measure of truth and poetry : Sec a pin and pick it up, All tile day you'll have good luck. In'the reign of Henry VIII, a law was passed enacting that pins should not bc more than six shillings and sixpence per thousand. Pins were then a very acceptable present ; " instead of thc gifts, a composition was sometimes received in money." This was called, of course, pin-money, a tenn which has been extended to a sum of money " secured by a husband on his marriage for the private expendes of his wife." Addison has recorded his dislike of what he calls " the doctrine of pin-money," proposing " needle-money " as being a more thrifty name. 