Wxt %afaellet. A TOUR THROUGH INDIA.— iVo. IV. [By Professor PenOTfatheb, LL.D.] BENABES. It is at best a long and weary journey from Calcutta to Benares, 6o it is well to get over a good part of itjby travelling at night. The sleeping carriages are com fortable, if not so luxurious as those between Adelaide and Melbourne, and the refreshment rooms on the way are ex cellent and moderate in their charges. The dead level of. Lower Bengal is monotonous in the extreme; endless fields, in the wet season planted with rice, now green with corn j dal, which looks not unlike Cape broom, and other kinds of grain ; patches of castor oil plants ; groves of mangoes, gdavas, and palms, and here and there little clusters of tiled or thatched cottages, which seem about halfway between Maori pahs and English villages. The night was decidedly cold, but it became hot as the morning wore on, and it was past noon before we reached Benares. - : Benares is one of the cities which I have always from early childhood yearned to see. Rome and Jerusalem I know well ; Mecca alas ! I can never see, but a visit to - the sacred city of the Hindoo will form a fitting conclusion to my wander ings amongst hallowed shrines. The very history of the place seems beyond one's power of realisation. Not even Athens, Rome, or Cadiz can boast such antiquity. It is true that I have stood on the site of many cities which may have been as ancient. Memphis and the Lyhis-berber cities of North Africa date from periods long anterior -to any written ' records. But Memphis is -in ruins, and of the Lybis-berbers nothing remains except the strange weird cemeteries which are scattered through the deserts and forests of - Algeria. Palmyra . was built by Solomon ; but the wretched 'hovels of modern Tadmor can hardly be said even to represent the gorgeoa^ papital of Zenobia. Jerusalem exists still, in a sense ; yet the melancholy-looking Syrian town and the collection of European convents is but the ghost of its former greatness. The only great living city I have visited which can compare '?with . Bpnares in point of antiquity is Damascus, which like it seems to have been enSbwed' with the gift .of perpetual youth. In other points, also, the two cities are strangely parallel. Each has passed through three, great phases of religious life ; in each the ancient build ings have either fallen into ruins, or been reconstructed so that. 'the passing traveller of to-day sees nothing' but a modern city teeming with life and industry. But Benares seems the more unchanged of the two. Twelve centuries ago a celebrated Buddhist pilgrim from China, by name HiouenThsang, described the city as near the Ganges, a little more than three miles longandabout one mile broad. 'Families,' he wrote, 'tof great wealth whose houses are filled with rare and precious things are to be seen. The people are gentle and polished, and esteem highly those who are devoted to a studious life. The greater. portion of them believe in the heretical doctrines of Hindooism, and few have respect for the law of Buddha. The climate is temperate, grain is in abundance, the fruit trees are luxuriant, and the earth is covered with tufted vege tation. . . There are a hundred temples of the Hindoo gods.' Substitute Mahomet for Buddha, and the description will almost literally be true to-day. The popu lation now is about 180,000, of whom 130, 000 are Hindoos, and the rest, withthe exception of a few Christians,- are Moham medans. ' . . ' . . But it is its modern .sanctity,' even more than', its past history,' that is the charm, of Benares. Tg a hundred and fifty millions of ' our 'fiilloir- subjects in India it is the holies.6, spot on earthi From every, jiarfc of this vast country pilgrims continually flock' to.. worship at its shrines and to bathe in the- sacred waters. It is even said .'that there are more missionaries engaged in. forwarding the worship of ijts idols, than in prpp'aga ting the doctrines of .. 'Christianity/'. Of course I speak mereij'-as & casual ob server, without having, piade any careful study of the subject.^Jnit so far as first impressions go I must' say that tliellindoo religion strikes me as simply repulsive without a single redeeming feature, except perhaps its making liathing a religious duty. It seems to contain just enough that is satisfying to the aspirations of the human 'soul to make .the ' work of the Christian teacher' difficult ; but it neither possesses the pure Mdnotheisui of the creed of Islam,' nor',, can it show the works of charity and mercy which were once the glory of Buddhism. Here, I suppose, I can see it at its best, and certainly the sight is not edifying. In the Europeanized -jiiarter, near our ' hotel, even the native streets are wide and well paved and lighted'; but once one goes into the real Hindoo ricity, where the streets are mere passages and the pro jecting upper stories oi the houses seem almost to touch each other overhead, everything— pleasant .and unpleasant — is'' truly Oriental. We drove first to see the famous ' monkey temple,' sacred to the goddess Durga. Everywhere along the roadside were little /temples, or rather shrines ; hone, I believe, of any great antiquity, and very fevr possessing any beauty. 'They are like shortened spires, overloaded with, barbaric ornamentation. The army of half Jiaked beggars who J. LUll^U Uf-* U11VVVM VUli wum. uv^v uvw£.r|jv-*j reminded one of a church door in Italy : many of them were pitiable objects of deformity. We had to put on wreaths of marigolds, to distribute backsbeesh to some forbidding looking priests, to feed the sacred monkeys, and to try to admire the temple and believe that the metal and glass ornaments which decorated the shrine itself were pure gold and rare gems ; but I cannot say that I enjoyed the visit.' I gladly drove on to the Ganges, which is the real, sight of .Benares. The city is built on one side ^of 'the river on the top of a steep slope, qr rather cliff, which gives it an imposing appearance as the cliff is crowned with ja. long line of splendid palaces, from, each of which long broad flights of steps lead down to the water's edge. These massive buildings are spoken of as the palaces of various Maha rajahs, but the description is somewhat misleading, as they are really hospices for the entertainment of the crowds of pilgrims .who' come] from, the different states of India. Here they are lodged during their stay— which, however, is no time of rest, as they, have to visit the innumerable temples, -in order, and to bathe first in particular wells and then in the sacred river itself. As everyone—, even the poorest — has to make an offering, and the more wealthy rajahs are con stantly sending splendid donations, the amount of money which is being poured into the city must be simply enormous ; and as railways are making pilgrimages from distant parts of the country more and more feasible it seems impossible to say what it will ' come to unless some unexpected reaction of feeling takes place. But, imposing though the general effect may be, it is utterly bar barous ; some of the buildings are in ruins, others unfinished ; between the finest palacesare wretchedahanties, and the richly decorated spires of the little temples have nothing of the elevating, spirit of Gothic art. Here and there a great umbrella marks the spot where some special ceremony tdk.es place, and a few little structures form the shelters in which the fakirs, after spending the day in the interesting and useful occupation of think ing about nothing, pass the night. The great flights of steps are called ghats, a name with which I had already become familiar at Calcutta. It is indeed strange, in tbe midst of all these evidences of Hindoo worship, to see rising up the '. two lovely and . graceful minarets of a Mohammedan inosque. From an '?chitectural point of view thev add a charm to the view ; and the history of the mosque is interesting. It was built about ; the beginning of the last century by Aurangzeeb— the last great Emperor of the Mogul Dynasty, who, instead of fol lowing the conciliatory policy of his pre decessors, made a determined effort to force Mohammedanism on an unwilling people. Thus he even 'seized and de stroyed a Hindoo temple which stood on this site, and built a mosque to domineer over the temples of the religion he hated. We may denounce this as a piece of Oriental tyranny ; but after all, 50 years have not elapsed, since the French confis cated the great mosques of Algiers and Constantine to convert them into cathedrals. We hired a boat, and were rowed up and down the river, so as to have a full view of each palace and to watch the ceaseless stream of pilgrims passing to and fro. Troop after troop arrived, some having come even from distant Rajputan, carrying with them their bedding and brass vessels for cooking, each little party on its arrival being niefc by a priest and conducted to the hospice where they were to lodge, just as I have seen the pilgrims at Jerusalem from every country from Kamskatca to Spain met by their own clergy and conducted to the. convents belonging to their various nations. Others, who, had already spent some days at the sacred city and worshipped at all the shrines, were' on their way down to bathe in the river and wash away the sins of a lifetime or the ceremonial im purity caused by their having unwarily broken their caste. For some time we paused to look at what is perhaps to an Englishman the strangest sight of all — the burning ghat. That extraordinary institution of caste not only interferes at every moment during the lifetime of a Hindoo but even follows him after death. It is a sacred duty for the eldest son to see that the body of his father is duly burned and the ashes cast into the Ganges. The strict rules prescribe that the light for the funeral pyre must be obtained from a flame kept by the members of a particular caste, the Domra, who, though at other times despised, are regarded as essential for the due performance of the last rites over the dead. Formerly, as probably all are well aware, the widow used to cast herself alive on to the pyre, but that terrible ceremony has been pro hibited by the Government; the only point, it is said, in which the tolerant English have interfered with the laws and customs of the Hindoos. Even that they did in a' curious indirect manner ; they said that the Hindoo law which ordered the widow to commit suicide remained law, no doubt, and might be obeyed, but that the British law which had now been introduced must be obeyed also, and ac cording to it everyone aiding and abetting was guilty of felony, and must be' hanged. As the Brahmins disliked such, a prospect, the custom of suttee rapidly fell into disfavor, and is now long extinct, except (it is said) in a few of the native states, where it is still occasionally practised in secret. At present when a body is to be burned it is brought down to the river covered with a sheet, on a light bier made of bamboos. It is placed on a pile of wood ; more wood is then heaped upon it, and the pyre is set light to ; the ashes are afterwards cast into the river. If a sufficient supply of wood is used, and the body is completely consumed, it seems to me quite as reve rent a way of disposing of the dead as sepulture ; but those whose bodies I saw being burnt were poor ; and, alas ! the story everywhere is the same. Even decency towards the departed depends on money ; the sights I witnessed can only be coinpaTed to some of Dickens's descrip tions of a: pauper funeral in England 50 years ago. Day and night, the whole year round, the sad processions can be seen wending their way down the steps that lead to the burning ghat. The death-rate at Benares is always high ; but \- then it must be. recollected that wealthy Hindoos .who feel . that their- end is approaching are brought to Benares so that their- spirits may pass away beside the sacred river. . ;'. But enough'of this painful subject. I turned away from the ghat with relief to look jup~&nce.; »more at idle splendid sight of the palaces, now lit up with the brilliant tints of the setting sun. Match me this marvel save in. Eastern dime, A rose-red city half as old as Time. The next afternoon we had a most charming drive along a shady road be tween fields of green corn to a place called Sarnatb, about four miles from the town. We had already be come so accustomed to' the sight of the little shrines about the villages and fields (which are not unlike those one often sees : in Roman Catholic countries) that we hardly noticed them. The object of our expedition was something of far deeper interest. At Sarnath an ' immense round tower, 93 ft.« in diameter and 110 ft. in height, rises above a mass of ruins all around. It is impossible to say from a glance at the building whether it is now falling to pieces or was never finished ; but con sidering its history I suppose that the former view is more likely. Near tliis spot some five and -twenty centuries ago, probably about the time when Jeremiah was pouring forth Ids pathetic lamenta tions over fallen Jerusalem, and Con fucius was enunciating his dull morality for the benefit of his Chinese followers, Gautama, the Buddha, after his en lightenment under the Bo-tree, first began to preach his new doctrines — to tell men that the bodily austerities of the Brahmins were valueless, and that the distinctions of caste were to be for ever abolished. This tower marks the place. These confused piles of ruins are all that remain of a once magnificent monastery. The era of Buddhism is past and gone as far as India is concerned, and a more corrupted form of Brahminisni than any thing which Gautama saw is triumpliant in the city he came to convert, and in which at one time his followers were to be counted by tens of thousands. It is, indeed, a spot to pause and meditate in. Not far off is another mound similar to that on which the monastery stood. Here also is a tower, which we ascended for the sake of the view ; but as it is obviously modern, we did not stop to examine it carefully. It is of Saracenic architecture, and bears an inscription in Urdu characters. We drove back to the city about sunset. The following morning ive made an early start, for we wished to ascend the minaret of the mosque of Aurangzeeb before the heat of the day had set in. The walk through the narrow, twisting, crowded streets was tiring, and the climb up the steep stair case of the minaret still more so ; but the glorious view more than repaid us. Many of the larger houses on which we looked down have flat roofs, which form a pleasant contrast to the brown tiles ; the river was silvery in the light of morning, and already thronged with crowds of pilgrims in quaint many colored robes on their way down to bathe ; the bright green of the crops and the dark foliage of the orchards stretched far away on all sides until lost imnist that stall hung over the distant plain. It was painful to have to descend into the noise and smells and bustle of the streets, to be jostled first by a crowd of newly arrived pugrhns,cand next by a funeral procession on its way to the river ; but there was much to be done, and our tune was short. Benares has been from time -immemorial famous for its brasswork ; the beautifully-carved bowls and trays are as celebrated as those from Cairo or Damascus. We passed through the bazaars where they were being made, and admired the work greatly. I wonder that more is not sent to Australia. Our next visit was to Queen's College, a fine Gothic building erected by the Govern-' inent, and (like all educational institu tions in India) crowded with students. There are two divisions, the English arid the Sanskrit. The former had not com menced work for the day when we were there, but an examination for the Sanskrit scholars, conducted by one English and several native professors, was' going on. The principal told me that they have about 500 students ; this certainly seems extraordinary when we recollect that Sanskrit, as a spoken language, has been dead for many centuries. Fancy 500 young Australians being willing to spend 10 years in the study of Greek. It can not be said that a course at the college opens a door to a very lucrative career; for the salary of a pundit is meagre, and the profession overstocked. And yet the energy of the people of Benarea in this direction is by no means limited to what is shown by this college ; there are in the city several private native schools in which Sanskrit is studied. Truly if Hiouen Thsang were to revisit the place to-day he might still say 'The people esteem highly those who are devoted to a studious fife.' We then went on to see the college of the London Missionary Society, which, if a less imposing building than the one we had just left, is quite as interesting. There are about 300 boys and young men being educated here, their course of study beginning with the alphabet and going on until they take their degrees at the Allahabad University. This noble insti tution is conducted by 30 native teachers, under the superintendence of the Rev. John Hewlett, an able and experienced member of the London Missionary Society. I was unfortunate in not seeing Mr. Hewlett, but I have just been reading with interest a paper he has published on missionary work at Benares. I have a great dislike to statistics, especially about missions, as they are always more or less misleading. But, taking statistics for what they are worth, it cannot be said that the various missions at Benares have been successful. There are seven ad herents of the Baptist Mission, 195 of the Church Mission, 70 of the London Mission, and 36 of the Wes leyan. .(About the Roman Catholic missions I have not been able to learn.) These figures are certainly discouraging when the number of agencies at work is taken into consideration. ' Still it must be remembered that the work here is of exceptional difficulty ; it is, in fact, be sieging the citadel with a mere handful of soldiers ; and whatever the causes may be— and Sir. Hewlett' discusses them all with a calmness and fairness enough even* to satisfy Mr. Huxley — I think I have already seen enough of their work to say that it is not from any want of energy or devotion on the part of the missionaries that greater success has not been ob tained. 