SMILES. yt t our service, ma'ama!' as the burglar eared when the lady of the house caught h reealing the silver.. if is full of crosses to :he man who can nosrite. • But then he is just thO fellow to msteis mark in the woril.' hthe agricultural districts of England, Lfel Gladstonian orators tell the farm labsors that the day is coming when the Si1 I State will be guidsd by the tiller of thisd. Ihanan who sat out onthe wood pile, and tol fnny stories, expectirg the wood would spb, svidently did not strike a 'responsive Ian asked a young 1it lad if he knew wlthr he could see sone poetical works at thbreding-room. ' Aa hivvent kmaa,' re pli he lad; ' but aa can show ye sum brick waki if they'll do the sysm !' lqisitive people somatmes find satisfac tiosi i'. catechising little boys about their namand affairs. This is how one of these curisobodies of Lockpot recently fared : ' Heleoittle boy ! What is your name ? ' 'Saners dad's,' said tie boy. ' What is yourda's name ?' ' Sims as mine.' ' I meal, that do they callvou when they call youxreakfast?' 'They don't never call me a breakfast.' ' Way don't they ?' ''CarsoI allus git there hst.' A aitia regiment was sually drilled in a lovelfid close to the side of a river. The drille?eeant was given to blustering, and was }~yo means choice is his remarks to the men. L young recruit oming to drill one moro.io late was met by he sergeant with: 'Yodrslate again; go lawn to the river and 4_in.' ' Oh sro,' aid the soldier. ' I wish ju to understand tht I did not enlist in thi (oldstream Guards' Onk trunk being expeed for sale at an aucti nof furniture, an rishman said to a fdlloaw.ountryman, 'Wly don't you buy the tonkc :Pat; it's ping dirt chape?' 'Wh. 4onld I buy it? rejoined Barney. ( oo ijpu'ur clothes it to be sure,' was th~ rt?lJ. And go nakd ?' said Patrick. • sty?nice gift,' remaaed one of the com "patsy;' 'I perceive yourlady love even had your sane put on the cse.' ' Well, that's queer) answered the boasar, ' Inevernoticed it.' iTook again,' rejoind the candid one; ' the dse is distinctly mated "real calf !' " Attcney: ' I want thi truth, the whole truth,tnd nothing but tb truth.' Witness (testilj: ' Well, you shid have it; but you don't toot to be talking t me as if I were a lawye" 'Thimas, of what frtt is cider made?' ' Don'l know, sir.' 'W.y, what a stupid boy! What did you get when you robbed F?arme: Jones's orchar, last summer ?. ' Thrade s!' Coroter: 'Is this mat whom you found dead o ihe railroad.trau a total stranger ? itke (vh* has been told t be careful in his statemet;y-' No, sor. Ris legs was gone intoirely. He was apartul stranger, sor.' A mon sroke a chair oer his wife's head. When he got to gaol, Lud the clergyman undertook to talk with mim, he displayed a good deal'sf penitence. to said he was very sorry thsthe had permitad his anger to ob tain the nestery of him, snd to suffer him to do such :a 'act, becauseit was a good chair, one of thee real old-fasioned chairs, which was an herloom in his mily, and he never could replce it. An eldemy lady, wavin; her hand towards a tram wmieh had just stopped, in quick, excited agents thus adaessed a labouring man who happened to ie near, ' My good man, can you tell me sere that tram will leave me. 'Bedad, mutm' said Pat slowly, ' it'll leaveye where ye ar if ye don't hurry.' And he ws 'right, it did. Miss Dlsy, from the ciy, is being shown around >he farm by Mr Oaterop, who is endeavttring to explain ,o her the ins and outs o' farm life. ' Near, this is the corn field,'tiiss, aia' over thers yander is the hay, an' ,side of that is the ~sheat. Deown there yasder in the' far corner is 'the oats' - "(is! I do w'nt to see the oats so badly. That kind are they?'' Oh, they 'isjun'th" pain oats, Miss.' 'Oh, I'm so sorry, but vhere do you have the other oats growing'?' 'What others is that, Miss?' 'Why the e.Ild oats that I hear them speak of in~town.' 'I don't knoew nothin' 'bout them, Miss. Hswsumever, my son Jim, what's been deaen to the. College in teown this winter arain', mry know sathin' 'bout 'em. 'I'll ask him. We' don't sow 'em on our place.' Mrs. Tankins: 'Noa, I doan't 'old with them coolery schools; it makes t' men think too mutt on their stomachs. There's my own neigabour, Mrs. Frances, next dooea; she went to <e o' them new-fangled schopol, she did, andiser master, as used to beo csntent wi' a bt o' stew, or mayhap a raslair of bacon fbhis dinner, bless you! noweiamun have a dih fit for a King set afo.o;hizii, and summatbhsty for his supper and his.breakfast into t' tsrgain. And if there's aught not to his loikii, his misBus does 'ave a time of it, I can telyou, let alone that she does a'most naobbut dee but cook for him. Ah! them schoolsdoes a deal of 'arm.' Ghosts are not always meant when the shades it night are spoken of. The sow sets us an excellent example. She never liaws her own horsi. The dhapel of a-certain body of Wesleyans was sacy in want of general repairs, and a meeting wis being held in it with a view of raisingfunds for that purpose. The minister havinp said that to do the work thoroughly £500 vould be required, a very wealthy (and equally stingy) member of the congregation rose sad said that he would give £5 to the list. Just as he sat down, however, a lump of pleter fell from the ceiling and hit him on the hbad, whereupon he rose up hastily iend callec out that he had made a mistake; he waouh give £50. This was too much for an enthusiast present, who, forgetful of every thing called out fervently, "' Oh, Lord ! hit him sgain!' ToO 5cotemen, messmates and bosom cronks, happened to be stationed near each othes when the celebrated signal was given from Admiral Nelson's ship at Trafalgar : 'England expects every man to do his duty.' ' Now a word about poor Scotland,' dolefully remerked Donald. Hisfrihnd cocked his eye, and horning to his companion, said: ' Man, Domld, Scotland kens weel eneuch that nae son '. her needs to be tell't to doe his duty. Th-?'s jista hint to the Englishers.' 