m UM OF TBS SILENT MERS. [By Mark Antont.] II. The president had taken his seat, the members (with one exception) were in their places, and a solemn, death-like hush lay on all. It waa the first meeting since my initiation, and grave matters were that night to be discussed-matters which we opined were yet to shake this great csmatry to its very heart. In silence we had that night donned our white wool beards and wigs in the "outer barbican," and like grim spectres assumed our snowy dominoes (mino was a night shirt) and stole into the lodge room, where all was ready. Mat Swipes, our *' Most Worshipful," was just in the act of extinguishing his beard, which had got ignited by a passing taper, and the "Custodian of the Tombs" was trying to splice the backbone of one of hiB pipeclay horrors that had met with an accident. Jim Tonks was mounted on a form fixing a nice skull and crossbones on the wall over the presidential chair, and Mort Styx was filling the ink bottles with a red fluid, generally thought to be "human gore." Other homely and cheer- ful preparations were going on in various parts of the room, but all was stopped and each man dropped into bis place, when the President rose up and re- marked-" Horder ! silents ! Let the members resoom places. The Master-at-Harms will bring in the weppin !" At the command a closet door behind the chair flew open, and a tall form, «rigged and bearded like the others of us, but evidently robed in his little brother's night- shirt, strode into the room, and placed an old cavalry sword on the table with its hilt towards Swipes. " Brothers," said the worshipful, rising solemnly and placing his hand on the hilt, " you will each advance in turn an' place your 'ands on this deadly wepping, as a sign that you do now renoo all the solum wows o' yer obligashin." This was done by each member in turn, after which the order was given to "Distinguish the lights" and through the hush that followed, the "voice" again cam»clearanddistinct-"Brethering, I am about to summon the spirits o' the wasty deep to attend on our deliberations, an' you will each place on the table in front o' ye, your wotive offerin'-in hard cash, an' no tintags, mind- so that we may propitiate the shades o' the mighty dead. We knows the kindnesB o' these same sperrits in the parst, gem'men, an' the chances is that they'll leave a good quart o' beer on the table for every tanner they takes off'n it. Be not afraid then, but sit firm while I ' renounces' the words aa will summon 'em, ' Oh, bringusin toogallons o' arf anarf antbribotles o'dublinstout, an' seethatye donheallnightaboutit.' " Instantly the room was filled with the fluttering of wings, and the soft patter of spirit feet covered the table, while the chink of money being gathered up added something of a commercial aspect to the ghastly scene. Swipes whispered over to me that " the sperrit o' Napoleon Bonyparty are a-comin' hover for your mite-Bee that you make it hand- some." But I have grave doubts, even to this hour, if it was not Mat. himself and not " Le Petit Caporal" that came over and took charge of that crown of mine. A ghost-which I was told afterwards was the shade of the late Charles Peace, Esq.-relieved me of my watch and chain as alsoa silk bandana, but Swipes Bays he willmakeit return them at our very next meeting. Swipes was real indignant over the theft, and declared, at the close of the meet- ing, that " he'd have no pilferin' ghosts round him, and that although he could allow a lot for ' force o' habit,' that Charley would have to knock it off.'» A lot more celebrities from the spirit world were also present and fluttered round us-kind of pro- miscuous like-for a bit, after which the shadow host began gradually to clear out, until only one solitary ghost remained in the room. This proved later to bo the disembodied shade of Wat Tyler the same, you know, who met that sad fatality at Leeds-and him, our worthy president, now pro- ceeded to interrogate. " Great Spirit," he said, " hev yor subordinates all departed ?" And a deep, hollow voice promptly answered : ' "TheyhaB." " Has the wotive hofferin' been good this night, Great Spirit ?" " Oh, just so so, seed it wus off'n'." ' "' Good ! Aro ye now ready ter serve the brothern of the League o' the Silent Awengers ?" "ÜB." " Good again ! Dye ye miss eny o' the members o' our mighty horder furn his place to-night ?" "I does," cried the spirit excitedly, and com- pletely ignoring his grammar. "I misses Gus Snooks, an' I knows where he are an' wot he is a-doin' hoff at this minit. Gus Snooks are a traitor o' tho wust kind (uproar and cries of ' berlud,' ' re wenge,' etc.), an' ho ia just now in the Blue Pig 'Otel swillin' away at beer an* gin, an' deprivin' you8 all o' your equal share." "Oh, the murderer! The cold-blooded, un matrul monster!" moaned Swipes. "The wiper as we warmed in our buzzums. Tell us, great sperrit, where did he get the spondulix he is dom' us out of, an' how much hed he-coppers and all ?" " He hed seven-an'-a-tanner," promptly responded the ghost, " but he's getting quit o' it fast. Got about five bob now, I shed say, 'an his old woman earned the dimes after three days' washing." "Spirit o' TautWyler-I mean Wat Ty 1er-ye are now dismissed," howled the president, excitodly. " Get thee gone ! Gonum, boltum, skedaddle ! Warden, ignite the tapers; and ye, the three brothers of the 'Scarlet Hand' will take each of you six pistols and go after the renegade. Remember, no blood ef you can avoid it, but have the vampire hero before us even Bhould you have to-to- ah search his pockets for that five bob. Off, now, and /.po ye delay not." "Aiq't goin' till we've had share o' wot the spirits left," remarked one of the 'scarlet hands' doggedly. " Hit's all werry good for you to horder us round, but we wants our share o' the lush first." , "Ha ! What, slave ? Is this mutiny I sees before my eyes," shouted the President. "Am I a-a dog, that ye-" " Jest so yer WaBhup-jest mutiny, as ye says, right before yer eyes, and yer nose, too," said one of the contumacious three. " An' now, mates," he «ontinued, " get yer fair share o' the beer into ye an' then we'll be off and bombard that SnookB." Swipes had no remedy but to allow them their own way, so they drank up and departed on their awful errand. We heard later that they sat down with Snooks as soon as they found him, and helped to drink his five bob. Anyhow, they did not return that night, and we are going to solemnly expel all four of them nest meeting night. Bnt, to return to the business of the night. As soon as the "Spirits of the Mighty Dead," and the "Three Brothers of the Soviet Hand," had gone, we de- voted ourselves to the good things left by the " ghosts "-and they had not been niggardly either -and then the president rose m his place, and said: "Avengers, enough o' this foolin*. Grave matters 70t await our consideration, an' it ehoves us¡to be ' gittin' along. Hag the worthy Scrutineer o' Forti- fications got his scheme for the destruction o' Fort Scratchloy elaborated ?" " I have not, Mo3t Washupful," said Ike Truffles, Buddonly bobbing up, and scowling at his chief. " I had no borders to purpare eny sech scheme, but was hinstructed merely to devifle means for sinkin' a warship. I hev everything cnt and dried fur her immersion, an' ara only waitin' hor return furn Samoa to send her to the bottom." "Werry good-werry good, indeed, Ikey," said the president, approvingly. " Ye hev done well, an' we thanks ye. Still, ye must learn to speak more respectfully when addressin' me." "See ye j am ¡ned fust," grunted Ikey. "What d'ye reckon ye are, anyway ? Why, ye old pot wollopor, ye drink bo much ye can't tell for two minits what the designs of the League is." " Ikey, yer a brilliant unapproachable pervertor o' the trewth and a traitor," now thundered Swipes, " an' ye hev just huttercd words as con- demns ye to the dungeons and the ' hiron inarsk' fer life. Wot, ho ! My Gaolor-in-chief, let the fetters an' thurn skrews be brought hither, an' have the wisage of this foul kite henclosed in the . marsk.' The Custodian o' the Tombs will also intorjuice his Skellingtons, an' the brothers will come over here, an' sign ¿heir name in gore." But these ghastly orders were never obeyed. Ikey made one jump over the table and landed on Swipe's neck, and the next instant the room was a scene of chaos and death. The members of the " inner circle" made common cause against those of the " outer circle" (I belonged to the * outer') and they soon drove us even further out than over we were before. They drove us right out into the street, and then went back and finished all the drink, after which I learn that they passed a motion expelling us from the fraternity. I do trust this last report is not true. It is a grand " League" and I would rather pay double than be expelled. 