EXHIBITION HALL. " FETTERS." Lovers of the intensely sensational drama, who assembled at the above hall on Wednesday evening last, must have revelled in the plentitude of startling sensations and equally as- tonishing effects that "Fetters," like many other melo-dramas of which G. R. Sims, playwright and poet, is author of, fairly bristles with. To use the expression of the ghost of Hamlet's father, "'Twill freeze thy young blood 'and make each and every particular hair on thy head stand on end like the quills on the fretful porcupine." The plot of "Fetters" is soon told. Richarh Rendell, the chief of a gang of coiners and a worthless scoundrel to boot, succeeds in winning the love of Kate Belmore and marries her, very much against the wishes of her parents. Alice, her sister, to whom Rendell in the first paid his attentions, but who had an instinctive apprehension that he was a thorough rogue and accord ingly summarily rejected his offer of marriage, determines to ferret out how Rendell obtains his money and on finding it out to warn her sister. Whilst Rendell and his confederets are laying their nefario-'s plans, one of the gang produces a placard offering £500 for information that will lead to the arrest o2 the coiners. Kate, who has overheard what has been said, suddenly ruashes into the room and secures the placard without the coiners observing her. Soon afterwards Rendell be comes aware that Kate has foun'd out what'he is, tries to frighten her into keeping his seeret, but as she refuses he murders her and later on he is also accidently killed by an accomplice, aind thus ends the play. Thie apparition scenes in which the - form of the murdered Kate appears as a spirit was strikingly effective. All the characters were most creditably sustained through out: On Wednesday evening next that ever popular drama, Lady Audley's Secret, will be produced with a strong cast and new scenic effects, and the performance will conclude with a screaming farce of Paddy in India. 