THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN ALLIANCE. ANNUAL CELEBRATIONS. On Saturday, February 25, the annual meetings and demonstration ia connection with the South Australian Alliance were held, and they were characterized throuzhonfe with much enthusiasm. The attendances were good, and the reports and speeches showed that the organization is as determined as ever in its crusade against the liquor traffic tux Bcauixas mkktikc. The business meeting was held at the Reoha bite Hail, Groto-streec. in the afternoon, tbe President (Hon. Dr. Magarey, M.L.C.) occu pying the chair. There was a good attendance. The Boh. Skbrabt (Mr. M. Wood Green) read tbe annual report, whioh Btated :— Ths year now closed has nut been one of marked progress, although tb* execntire feel that they may congratulate tke members upon the satisfac tory position maintained, notwithstanding the cevsra financial deprenion that has prevailed dur ing the greater part of IStfcJ, and the consequent falling off of financial support, which has required the exercise of care and economy on the part of yoar committee. At the last annual business meet ing an alteration was made in the Constitution providing for an increase in the number of the Exezntfre Committee by the addition of representa tives from the various temperance bedies, with a view to increase the efficiency of the Alliance as ths representative political organization of temperaacs. All the Temperance Societies were invited to appoint members to the executive, and in most cases did so, but owing to difficulties in the way only a few have been able to attend the meetings. We are hopeful that during the coming year these difficulties may be overcome, aad that by tbe presence of represen tatives of every branch of temperance upon our executive its efficiency for carrying out the purposes of the Alliance may be increased. During the year tbe colony was visited by Mr. E. Dawson King, by whose stirring and logical addresses many were con firmed in their principles, and struggling causes in country districts were strengthened. Local Option Poll.— On April 13 ths tirst local option poll under the Act of 18»l was taken at Maanum. The chief element ia the district is German. Until tbe end of 1S91 two clnba had been in full operation in Mannum, which, according to the testimony of residents, were not conducted creditably, being noted for the excessive drinking going on at all hours of day and bight. On the refusal of the licensing Bench to grant licences to these clubs under the new Act the German residents deter mined to apply for a public-house licence, and for this purpose applied for a local option poll, and there seemed evety reason to expect that the vote in th-- whole district would be for an increase of licences. Efforts were made to create a public opinion id favour of temperance, but owing to the large German element and the fact that tbe local hotelkeeper had rendered himself unpopular the poll was carried in favour of increase. As tbe re sidents of the town itself were opposed to the granting of additional licences they availed them selves of section 30 of tbe L.T. Act of 1SS1, lodged a memorial with the Licensing Bench, and by that means xucceeded in defeating the effort to increase the drinking facilities of the town. Applications for nsw wiie licences were made for Gawler, Good wood, and Happy Valley, but by the united efforts fif the branches of the W.C.T.U. and the Alliance were refused in each case. Club Licences. — When the Licensed Victuallers' Act of 1891 was passed it was confidently expected that a iinal eml had been madeof thenumyabases connected with the existence of unlicensed clubs, where drinks could be had free from the police supervision exercised over licensed houses. The Adelaide licensing ttench refused to issue licences for dabs which did not provide living and lodging accommodation for their members, and this led to litigation, the result of which was tbat the law was found to be defective, and a number of clubs still continue to sell alcoholic liquors under the old unsatisfactory condition?, it was expected that the (iovernraent would bave introduced a short amending Act to remedy tbe defect, but otvirn; it is presumed, to tvro changes of Government during the session, nothing has been done. Sunday-closing.— Owing to tbe conditions existing at the end of the session of 1S91, when die Sunday closing clauses of the Act were carried, and the defective draftsman ship resulting from insufficient time for deliberation, the operation of the clauses providing for Sunday closing have proved very defective. Section 90 of tbe Act ot 1880, which provided for the keeping closed of all outer doors connected with the barn and other purposes, was repealed, and no equivalent provision was inserted in tbe n«w Act. This, and the inide -iuacy of the precautions as to travellers and lodgers, hus made ii so difficult for the police to secure con vi_ticns tbat violations are constantly occurring. Tliere is no doubt that since entire Sunday-closing became law there is less drinking than previously, lmt the frequency with which the law ia broken and the (Hfliciilty of securing convictions makes it im perative that the law should be amended so tint it- intention may be more easily carried out. The pro vision as totvivellers and lodgers is destroying the peace ami nuiet of our seaside resorts, mi that tlie houses do more busings than on week days. This i- a £rf-at evil mid ousht to be remedied, either by the repeal of the traveller and Iodser clause or by the increase of the distance to liu travelled, and by defining a traveller as one who is continuing his journey beyond the place where refreshments are sef ve.l. 'I ho point is one of so much difficulty, and where theservinp cf travellers and loiljrera is allowed au opeuinj: is made for so lunch evasion of the Act, tbat as tbere is no such travelling done on SuncHy-s as. to m:'.ke the serving of liquor* necessary, it would seem to be wise to abolish the traveller and lodger clause altogether, or in lieu of this to give power to the police to demand tue names of all persons found on any licensed premises other than the family, aud to institute enquiries' as to their bona fides as travellers and lodgers, and in the event of there not being such their presence on the lirensed premises to be considered hona-tide evidence cf a violation of the Act, and punishment to follow accordingly. We hope to see some such provision insetted in an amended Act. Amending Licensed Victuallers Bill. — During the year th« Hon. S. .T. Magarey, M.D., our esteemed President, introduced an amending Licensing Bill into the Legislative Council. The Bill was introduced and read a first time, but as it was not considered pos sible to get it passed during the session, a-- there seemed no probability that the Houses wouid pass it in the then condition of public business, and as tbe special purpose in introducing it in Parlitment was to place ib before the country prior to the general elections, the second leading was not pressed, anil it was discharged from the Order paper. It is tnis Bill that jour executive have de cided to ask all the members of the Alliance to support, and to ask from .he respective candidates a. definite promise that if elected 'they will vote for it. Jt was deemed wiser to prepare a Bill and a?k a definite premise to support the principles of the Bill than to ask the question as to whether the candidate was in favour of 'local cption,' because of the different ways in which candi dates, when elected, interpret local option. The Bill will admit of verbal amendment, so as to make its provi.-iots more complete but the executive sincerely hope the electors will require a definite promise from all candidates that they will vote for the principles embodied, in the Bill. Drick Tragedies. — During the year we have had many proofs of the need ot the reforms we are seeking to effect both in our own anil iu the neigh bouring colonies. In our own midst we had the dreadful Carter-Edwards tragedy, ami from th»* other colonies and from liticuiii come equally terrible illustrations of the crime-producing character of the drink traffic, not only justify ing the reforms for which we ask. but making it the imperative duty of all in the State to continue agitating until these reforms are granted. The Industrial Asjiect. — Its effects from an industrial point of view are disastrous. In IJiitahi £141,0CO,'TO is annually spent in drink: in Canada and the Australian Colonies, *;:;'),()- i!),00') ; in the United States, JilSO.OOO.OOO: or a total by the Kiigli-b-speakiuj: people of Aim rica, Britain, and tiio colonies of j£K-l,lWj,Qi»-. When we remember that it lias been demonstrated beyond cavil that money when nsed in the drink traffic only gives » niplojraAit to one-tenth the number of persons who ctmld l-e employed were the money used in the ordinary channels of industry it will lw seen rh-ic Hippoying 2.CC0.CC0 to be employed by this enormous spin of money as now used in the drink tiade, then if used in other trades it would give employment to not leas than £O,O00,-;tx-, or lS.WJO.dOO more than are now employed. When this thought is one. (.?rasped it will he .seen that tha settlement' of the drink problem is largely also tha settle ment of the umemployed problem. When this question is looked at calmly in all its hearings it. must be apparent that it is those whoar ; t ngaced in agitating for temperance reform wh ? :ire the enlightened anil far-seeni2 statesmen and philanthropists of the day, and that those who, iecause of tho desire to j;:-.uify an nrtiticial anil depraved appetite refuse to aid in this work of reform and eten oppose it. are short- sicht-ed anil seliish, and are really the enemies of their fellows. ,\ Wine Depot. — Whils the Government of Mr. Holder w.--s in power a proposal was made by them in Parliament to si ant a cum of money for the pur pose of establishing a depot for South Australian wines in London. Your executive regarded this ;is a new and dan^crom departure on the part of the fioverau;*nt, and beinz introduced by a. Ministry several members of which were regarded as friendly to our cause oeeasioneu surprise and sorrow. An extcutive meeting was held to con sider the matter, with the result tlvtx a resolution protesting against the proposal was adopted. This was embodied, in tie form of a- petition, ami »:i3 presented in the Legislative Council bv the Hon. Dr. Masarey and in the Assembly by Mr. J. Cock. Fortunately the exigencies of the' colonial Kxcheqner prevented tbe Premier from promising immediate 'compliance with this demand, and as it was felt that were the request of the deputation cranted an unwise precedent would be established rour S*ecretary engaged in correspondence through the Press with a view to enlighten public opinion in the hope that the electors would exore«s their disapproval of a 'grant being marie, and that the colony might thin tte saved from what your execu tive regard as a backward and mischievous policy. The General Klcctions. — Ai ths general ??lection* are to be held in April of the present year Tour executive take this opportunity to urge upon every member of the Alliance, as well as unuh every friend of the cause of temperance reform, the extreme necessity of deni.indinirfroin every candidate for Parliament a, clear and definite promise to vote for tbe principles embodied iu Dr. Magarey 's Licensed Victuallers Amending Bill, and to sub ordinate all smaller issues to this important one. Tbere is now a clear issue placed before the electors by this Bill, so that no tnisuuderstandinsas to what is intended need arise. Tour executive, therefore, urge that every candidate be distinctly asked at all meetings whether, provided he is elected, be will vote for the principles of the Bill. We urpe that we bave now arrived at a critical period in our history 13 an organization. We have succeeded in creating a favourable public opinion; we have lifted local option into the region of practical politics, so tbat it is not now ridiculed as absurd and Utopian : we have wrested Sunday- closing from our opponents at a time when they expected to be exultant over our defeat and their own victory. What we nee-l now is that we shall be a really united IkkIj-, believ ing with all our hearts in the efficacy, necessity, and urgency of the reforms for which we plead; that with one voice we show to Parliament that we demand that the drink traffic shall be placed under the absolute control of the people at the ballot boxes, and we may rest assured that if we do this our ultimate and early success is assured. Litera ture. — During the year a large amount of literature has been printed, and a considerable proportion of it circulated, together with a quantity printed during previous years. For nine months of the year the Alliance has had no stated lecturer. It is hoped that the executive may be placed in such a position during the coming year that an efficient lecturer in this department ?»- ba provided. We have again to report the continued success ot our newspaper, the Alliance and T^nfieranc: AV-r,-, which, maintains its place in public favour as a vigorous advocate for temperance reform. Finances. — Although the year has been one of considerable financial strain, anil the subscriptions have constf [ gently falka oil, w« are glyl to bs able to report th*t oar finances are a a most artii factory condition, the end of the year find ing us with a amaU balance ia the Bank. We regard the oatlook for tha future as moat hope fid. Since the ieaoguraUon of tbe Alliance much work has bew dona and good progreaa nude. All that ia needed is to continue steadily on oar coarse, neither deterred by discoaragementa nor unduly elated by partial socceasaa, but, keeping the goal in view, press steadily forward for the entire emanci pation of the people from the thraldom of drink. We bave to ackcowledge with pleasure the aid siven to the Alliaace by all kiadted organizations and as in union 'n strength we trait the spirit of union may increasingly prevsiL Tbe report and balance-sheet were adopted. The following were elected for the year 1893 : —President, Hon. Dr. Magarey, M.L.C. (re- elected); Vice-Fresidenta, Bin. S. L. Evans, Hons. J. H- Angas. M.L.C., R. S. Guthrie, M.L.C.. Dr. Cockbnrn. M.P., L. Gnyson, M.P., Mem W. Gilbert. H.P., R. Caldwell, M.P., F. W. Holdor, M.P., Rava, W. R. Fletcher, M.A.. S. Mead, M.A.. F. Hasting*, J. Thome, Dr. Christopher Bollen, Means. D. Nock, J.P., J. M. Dowie, J.P., J. Pickering. T. Rhodes, G. W. Cole, and M. H. Madge; Hon. Secretary, Mr. M. Wood Green ; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. J. M. Dowie ; Executive Council, Means. D. Nock, J. Cook, ALP.; K Hounalow, £. Alcock, J. IS. Btrka, G. J. Creaswell, A. O. Chambers, Revs. J. G. Wright, J. Nicholson, F. Hastings, C. T. Newman, O. Lake, and A. E. Green, and two represantatives each to be appointed by the executives of the two districts I.O.R. and Sons of Temperance, and four from athe W.C.T.U. It was resolved thah the quorum for exe cutive meetings be reduced from ten to five members. The President (Hon. Dr. Magarey. M.L.C.) then delivered his Presidential address, in the course of whioh he said : — ' I am con scious of the honour tbat has been bestowed upon me in being re-elected to the position of President of the 3. A. Alliance. I have been connected with the Alliance ainoe its inception, and have watched with pride and satisfaction its growing power and influence. It has survived seasons of anxiety and ad versity, but has come through the ordeal stronger and more vigorous than ever. It has members in nearly every district in the colony. Its official organ, the Alliance and Temperance Iteivs, has a large cir culation throughout South Australia, and reflects great credit upon its able editor ; and it has been the means of spread ing sound views upon temperance and tempe rance legislation amongst the people of this colony. Some fruit as the result of oar labours has appeared, but the time of the full harvest is not yet. Let us remember that this is not a Society formed for the purpose of regulating the drink traffic ; our main object is the sup pression of the traffic. We maintain that the use of alcohol, except for medicinal pur pose* in rare instan?es, is an evil, and that it is the duty of the State not to licence its sale, but to suppress it. If a fanatic should arise and demand that the enemy should be driven from the land, a howl of execration assails his ears from the trade, a chorus of jibes and jeers from simple tons drowns his counsel, and calm philosophers shake their wise heads whilaft they write an involved chapter upon the subject of personal freedom. That there will be a rude awttkening we cannot doubt ; tbe fanatic of to-day is the martyr of to- morrow. That palliatives and placebos must give place to heroic remedies is patent What have the palliatives done 'I Are we satisfied because we made him growl when we extracted a fang with the Sunday-closing forceps '' No ! the whole animal must go ere we can feel secure and the lives and interests of our fellows be safe. One great thing alone we bave done, and that is merely prepara tory to the final notice to quit. By the legislation of 18!)1 we gave him fifteen years' notice to quit, an absurdly long notice ; but as the years drift by re newal as a matter of course goes by tha Board. We gave him then a blow that he felt and will feel more and more. But it is only a preliminary step. Our main work still lies lie tore US. What, then, is it that we demand? We demand that the power shall be extended to the people to prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors in their districts '! We do not demand the right— that fs ours already— we demand legislative authority. We demand that before any licences are granted the residents in any particular district shall be asked whether any licences are required by them. This is the 'direct veto,' We discard the old name of 'local option.' which our enemies and oppor tunists generally have bereft of all detinita meaning. This is the most important pro vision in the Bill that I had the honour of introducing last .session, and whi-:h I tem porarily withdrew owing to the late period of the session in which I introduced it. Of course the provision was mac with some ridicule upon its introduction, bufc as ridicula is the first experience of all radical legislation we feel justified in assuming that it will soon D.iea to its next stage, viz., that of uncom promising opposition, which is usually the prelude to success. For, indeed, it is too late to ridicule the direct veto. We have illus trious advocates of the principle in other countries. The Conservative Parliament of 18!-1 in England passed the second reading of the Direct Veto Bill for Wales by a majority of 7\. - We have on our side such men as Glad stone. Harcourr, Morley, Canon Wilberforce, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, and Thomas Burt, and the late Cardinal Manning was its aidnnt advocate. The direct veto 13 also a plank in the platform of the Liberal party in England, and already Mr. Gladstone has given notice of a Bill in this direction. Hence sneers come too late, especially in a democratic country like this. Though as an Alliance we are going directly for the power of the direct veto our attitude towards other reforms is consistent and friendly. We will sv«p pert any Echeme which promises to lessen the evils of the drink traffic, jwovided that such scheme does not obstruct our path way, and does not appear as a Siren to mislead us.' We are prepared to consider any scheme of licensing reform if it is clearly understood that no such system shall come into force until the people are consulted as to whether they wish for any licences at ill. If the direct veto is granted but not exercised, then undoubtedly feme Licensing Itoard is required, and we are prepared to use our good offices to socure the best Board available. We are prepared to assist in making Sunday-closing eifective, in reducing the hours of sale in favour of employes, even to the adoption of the eight-hours eystum or even le?s. We are prepared to assist publicans in shutting up shebeens and clubs and sly drinking dens, and of keeping children frre icum its temptations. Our movement is a reform movement, and we are driven in times like these to conaider our relation to other reform movements. Our attitude as an Alliance at the ballot-box hitherto has bet-n to vote irrespective of party — we do not ally ourselves to atiy one or more parties. What ever our individual sympathies may be, and I think my own are fairly well known, our atti mde as an Alliance is to know no party. Hence we may be found supi»rtine a ' Tory' in one district, a ' labour member' in another, and a 'moderate' in another. We have no prejudice against any man's religion. Wo have fiiends and enemies in all denominations. As an Alliance we unfeignedly rejoice that women are throwing themselves into tha work of rescue, and the W.C.T.U., under those noble women, Mi=a Frances E. Willard and Lady Somerset, are putting to shame and apathy and timidity of other workers. The Alliance has had committed to it the political aspect of the temperance question, and under many difficulties and with much imperfection the work is being carried on. But I very much fear that temperance advocates are relyinpf too much upon the political arm, and are neglecting the educational and mural persuasion contingents. Is is gratifying to Bouce the progress than is being1 made amongst the Temperance Benefit Societies, the increase oi their numbers and funds, the won derful progress of the Rechabites. Sons of Temperance, and the flood Templar*. We j are pleased to notice the renewed activity amongst Bands of Hope. This is the most im portant branch of the moral suasion move ment, and it is a matter for regret that the Band of Hope Union is not so blessed with funds and workers as to make greater progress. Secure the children and you secure the future, may become a power for good, and that the workers amontrst them may rise to a full realization of the importance of their work. The Woman's C.T.U. has become a great and effective jwwer. and works with wonderful I persistence and holy zeaL But I would ' respectfully advance the opinion that a more vigorous institution should arise from the ashes of the Total Abstinence League to take thoroughly into its hands the work of edu cating the people generally into the ad vantages of total abstinence. It is with resrret that I thus hurriedly refer to points u)»n which I long to linger. What above all I should urge as an essential to success is that we should all Lv filled with an adequate conception of our mission. We see a crying evil in our land, the land we love, that is blighting tho prospects of our country, the happiness of our fellows, that creeps into our home3 and spoils out nearest and dearest ones: and we ask our statesmen, who supinely allow such evil, to rid our country of it, or else give to us the power to do eo for ourselves, to bestow upon us the direct veto by which we can cleanse our district at least from the eviL We ask them to give us the power which is now possessed by landlords to keep the traffic from their estates, and we demand that we shall have the power to keep the traffic from our estates ; fo» after all the country we live in is our estate, and we have a perfect right to claim that a traffic we detest shall not be forced upon us for the pecu niary benefit of a few, the harm of the many, and the loss of the cummunity generally. It passes my comprehension how any man who cares more for life than property, for justice than greed, for mercy than mammon, can de cline to help us to advance our plea. It is a matter for congratulation that the temperance [ liiovemwt baa broken, down, to a fcrga extend the icy opposition of the Church, and that: glowing embers are found in many of them where glaciers previously existed, but one ii amazed to find even now ministers of religion bowing the knee before the shrine of Bacchus. Bnt the day is dawning — the long night of temperance agitation is passing into day, the spectres and ghosts of the darkness are gone, the fogs of doubt are lifting, and as the rays of the coming sun dispel the gloom we recognise that the victory is ours, that unexpected allies have joined our raokf, that the days of thia monopoly are numbered. The formidable army arrayed against us is melting away, and though era the midday eun shall shine upon the field we may have been called hence, yet it shall shine upon a sober and a happy people.' Mr. E. Hounslovv moved — 'That the best thanks of the meeting be given to the Hon. Dr. Magarey, M.L.C., for his very able address.' Mr. Alcock seconded, Mr. Dowie and Mrs. Niciiolls eupported, and was unani mously carried. 