THE TV03IE:\ of atxsxealia. Pitta F. Kiciiolsccs, rx tiie .' Jioraii AiiEiricjor PtEViK^r. Transition stages art* rapid in Australia. The twilight flits across the hills and plains, and. ghost-like. disappears. The is daylight or darkness, infancy or womanhood 1-=- x>.tlw> "PVg-lijl! girl lias outgrown childish delights, lbe Australian is a woman in miniature. self conscious, self - confident, not easily abashed, with eyes that long since have ceased to loot out upon the world with i wonder. In a short sldit, with si plait down its hack, yonng Australia imitates its elders, flirts, falls in love, and, some times, reads and writes funny little love letters in all seriousness. Yeiy youthful, very innocent all this in its way. hut the way itself strikes one as just a little pre cocious. lite her brother, the Austra lian girl has a say as to wliat she learns, where she goes, -.vhat she wears. In fact she brings herself up under easy supervision. Grown to womanhood, the glitter and glamor of life already tar nished in her sight, she is without reserve, possessed of few illusions aad less sentiment. She has arrived at a very good opinion of her self. So far as circumstances permit, she pleases herself in the choice of a husband or a course in life. But with all her liberty she does not enjoy the recognised freedom and independence of the Ameri can girl. The social code is slightly eon fusing. For an unengaged girl to go to the theatre or for a walk alone with a man would he scandalous, bat at a dance she may wander about dim gardens and verandahs with a new acquaintance, and it is quite another thing. She marries at any age short of middle age, but it is not into greater freedom, as Trench women do, bat into bondage, after the most approved British fashion. Family cares and house hold duties absorb her; servants worry her. Accomplishments are neglected: dancing goes to the wall: for reading there is no time. But should domesticity fail to engross hr-r and the giddy whirl of society sweep her a-.vuy from home, the household becomes a scene of disorder. Perhaps this is u-]iy tlii* average domesti cated Australian becomes so uninterest ing after marriage. Her life narrows down. she seldom shares her husband's interests, her conversation fluctuates be tween scandal and servants' delinquencies, fashions, and the children. Unless a fashionable -.vom:in,she no longer troubles to be pretty or c-hanaing, and it is un usual for her to keep herself </« rouruut of passing events and the questions of to day, or to give more than uu occasional glance at a newspaper. Though pretty, talL and -well-formed, the Australian is not graceful. Her feet are seldom small, her hands rarely beautiful. 3Ioreover, she does not dress well. Her toilet has none oiikschwoi theParisienne's, little of the sobriety of the English woman's. Overdressed or dowdy, she produces the impression of having not only little taste, bat no artistic sense of the fitness of things. Stylish and elegant women are to be seen more frequently in Melbourne than elsewhere. .Neverthe less. dress is dear to the soul of an Aus tralian. and much is spent on it. Down in tiie lowest social grades it plays an im portant pai'i. The Australian hugs the idea of equality, and, believing in unifor mity of dress as the visible sign of equality, often sacrifices actual comfort to obtain fashionable clothing. An Austra lian family maies a brave show on holidays. There may be bare feet and rags in the house, but there are cheap feathers and gloves in the street.. Here the vanity of the wee peeps out and I hatred of apparent social distinctiojis, for j vanity is stronger in the Australian wo man than ambition, just as indolence is more inherent than energy. She is clever but not intellectual, accomplished ofteiier than highly educated. To lae able to play the piano is regarded as a sort of cudifi of distinction, not to play it as a lamentable sign of neglected edu cation. Tact is natural to her, also [a quick sense of percex>tion. "With ready ease she adapts herself to circumstances, catches the cue of her entourage, and eontinuesto produce favor able impressions. "With a, cheerful disr position and mercurial temperament, the serious side of life searcdy appeals to lier, j She exacts neither obedience nor. due] reverence from hercliildren, and without j being specially religious leaves the res ponsibility of their future very mucli to Providence. Thus a spurious sort of in dependence loosens- family ties in Aus tralian households.. Though hardly capable of strong feelingsiid deep, passion ate attachment, the Australian is affec tionate and in manner- hospitable, friendly, and, sometimes, sympathetic. Strangers to-day, to-morrow you are intimately ac quainted. In friendship there is no ten tative stage, but a plunge in medius rte. By lier speech the Australian betrays her origin, liaif is pronounced hal; sug. s"i Sometimes there is a nasal sound in the voice. Often there is slang on her lips, not the slang of society merely, but of the stoct-yard, the camp-fire, and the stable. It may be heard in the drawing rooms of society, for polished manners are not found as a matter of course in prominent 1 places. Here men and women are shaien like dice in a bos;; chance decides the throw. Culture and refinement may dwell in the humblest homes and the veriest plebianism nniid luxury. Aus tralia is the land of many grotesque con trasts and some unique social surprises. 