A SLENDER ULIJE; Or, THE M1YSTERY OP MARfDI GRAZ. A DETECTIVE STORY. [BY LAWRENCE L. LYNCH.] (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER LIV. A NEW OAMPrAIew. ' You must put it strong. The relative is a step-sister, rich, and proud. If she refuses her help, tell her, with my compliments, that the man who calls himself " Jenkins," for the sake of his friends, shall come to trial and be hanged under the family name that she is so proud 'of.' ' rell, old man! you're getting warm.' 'Warm, anybody would be warm. Why, Dick, think of that poor boy a drunkard, bufeted, friendless, keep ing his counsel, and letting himself go quietly to destruction, rather than call upon his proud step-sister, who had turned her back upon him, or bring a stain upon the old name that he had given up. There's that much blue blood left in him. See if she is will ing to let such a Jernyngham be hanged as common " Jinkins." ' ' Jernyngham! Jinkins ?' ' Sit down again, Dick. I'll tell you all about it. SYou. see,' began Games, ' this Jinkinn -after all is not a tramp of the common-sort. There's good blood in the fellow; and when the whisky got out of him it sort of asserted itself. We called it pure obstinacy at first; I suppose Sharp and his men think and call it pure obsti nacy, or worse; now, as for me, I've changed my mind. Naturally, Sharp and Co. have concluded that the fellow's past was not to his credit; that there was nothing in it of a re deeming quality; nothing that would turn the heart of the jury-box in his direction. Well, I thought so too; it was the most natural conclusion taking all in all." 'I should think so!' ventured Stan hope. 'You should! Well, see now what bluniders we make when we are led into conclusions by studying the " physiognomy of things." We might be floundering in the dark yet if it hadn't been for Circus Fan. That woman is anything but a fool, let me tell you; and she is the only human being that this chap looks upon as a friend. All the rest-the lawyer, who has undertaken his de fence; the minister, a good, zealous soul, that I turned loose upon him; myself, in the guise of a venerable philanthropist-he views with an in difference which would be sceptical if it were not so stolid and despairing. But Fan, after plying all her arts, ,ould get nothing from him except a yague idea, which she based upon 'Ime words which he used while he wFas in the fever. It was hardly a '"pit, but she worked from that until A-r-'~ eame discouraged. When Fan f..?ay" gave up, a bright idea -iick me. It was a good vhile in coming, but when it came I '.:t it into execution. I applied to the )arson and told him, under the seal of I'ecrecy, of course, as much of the !tory as was needful to make him inderstand the situation. The reve 'end gentleman is- a man of tact, :nid when he set out to visit our bstinate martyr, Fan and I felt quite oiteful. Well, ir, that good man went ay after day; he took a gennine iterest in the fellow, and I think :e won upon him a little, but, after early two weeks of daily effort, he kme to me and told me that he could u nothing with him; "but," said a, "I have found out this much : orme time in his life the poor by has had a leaning toward the pisecopal Church. I think that, if nkins were really face to face with a fate, believed himself dying, in ct, or doomed; he would confide in ' Episcopal clergyman-if he has sything to confide-but it would be sacred confidence, a last confession a dying man." Then I caught at iother idea, and Fan and I went into nacil again. I called on our lawyer d enlisted him too. It was lucky * our plans that Circus Fan is a ,ver actress, and not over-sentimen i, and that the lawyer was a lawyer. 'rtheweekthatfollowed-we thought best to give him a week of prepara n was full of heartless work. reus Fan abandoned her cheerful. tics, and let him see plainly that she d given up all hope for him. 1Ris al would come off without doubt at next term, and there was abso ely no defence, not even an alibi; cried, as if he were. already hang ain the gaol yard, called him a poor frtyr, and asked him where he would to be buried, provided his body ild be bought or stolen from the ,I officials. All the week she rung changes upon those themes, and Jeetimes, for variation, she pictured S consternation of his murderers n it came out--as it would, she du'ted, when he was dead and past ' ng-that they had hanged an . cent man. Leave a woman alone 'i~le up the agony ! Fan did it. She ured that poor fellow, but she never rdid it. The lawyer of course took iferent cue; he was neither sen ntal nor sympathetic; either 14d have been out of his line, he was grum and crusty, like a who has been inveigled into de rng a hopeless case. He openly ared it hopeless, and told Oharlie he was as good as hanged, and he might thank himself for it, .d hiu if he had any farewell re ,ts to make, and suggested that a Iih of his life, confided to the .lain or himself, and only to be opened after his death, might put him, or his ghost, in a better light before .the public. In short, he was as sirdonic and diabolical in his method of torture as Fan had been in hers, and by the end of the week our man was in a fit state of mind for the last act. 'I - don't mind admitting to you, Dick, that I was .a little puzzled; I didn't know how to begin. I had de cided to play clergyman myself, and I didn't want to disgrace the ,cloth. When I came to run over in my mind what I knew about the Episcopal faith, I found that I needed coaching -a great deal of it, too. I actually spent that entire week posting myself for my part, with the help of my friend the dominie, the lawyer, whose wife happened to be an Episcopalian; and even Circus Fan-she knew more about the "Established Church" than I did, by considerable.' ' When I was schooled and groomed for my part, I wasn't such a bad looking rector-one of the benign, fatherly, approachable sort, you know. But I tell you, Dick Stan hope, I'd rather run down the most dangerous assassin that ever escaped justice, fight him hand to hand, yes, and let him cut my throat and make his escape, than go through with that interview again. Im not going to tell you all about it. I couldn't. How I ever got through with it I don't, know now. I didn't put any profane levity into my part, and I don't believe that a born, bred, and ordained minister could have prayed a more honest prayer, for the man's life was at stake, and I felt my responsibility. I had a notion that there was a sort of secret under standing between the Most High and my rascally self, and hoped He'd see that I meant well, if I didn't mean just what I said. At any rate, my prayer was answered-in part-and you should have heard me sing a hymn No-I don't mean that; I could not have carried it out if I had had even Circus Fan for an audience.' ' But you can sing a hymn, Carnes. I've heard you. I can imagine the fervour of it. Stanhope's tone was perfectly grave and sincere. He was thinking of the motive for his clerical masquerade, not of its absurdity. ' Well, at any rate it was a success. He told me a little; enough for his purpose, and for mine. It wasn't a maudlin, tearfulstory; he didn't seem to demand or expect sympathy. He has been a prodigal son, he has spent his substance like the original prodi gal, and he 'endures his husks with better philosophy; takes them as a matter of course. lie has made me lose all my respect for that old Bible prodigal who. carried his empty stomach home to his father when the husks began to lose their flavour. Charlie Jinkins is a prodigal with modern improvements, lie didn't show the white feather, lie just told his story simply, and with praise worthy reserve. liis real name is Carl Jerny'ngham. His mother, it seems, was a mere girl when she married one of the rich Philadelphia Jernynghams; she was thrown from her carriage and died of her hurts when he was two years old. Within the year his father married again. The second wife was a rich woman, and she never had much love for her stepson; she had but one child, a daughter, and the daughter inherited her mother's pride and a~ntipathies; the father was im mersed in business, and the boy grew up in a luxurious home, but literally without a friend. liis father made him a generous allowance, sent him to school, and took very little notice of him beyond this; he was an idle boy, with an unattractive home and money enough to bring about him all manner of tempters; naturally he went to the dogs. His step-mother died, and his young step sister became more arrogant than ever, and when he. learned that his father was about to bring home a third wife, a haughty young woman of society, he left the home-roof for good. Soon after he came into pos: session of his mother's fortune, which was small in comparison with his step-sister's, but still considerable. Then his downward career began in earnest. He gambled, drank, and frequented the lowest resorts of plea sure. He was good-tempered, easily influenced, liberal; and his. money dwindled rapidly. When he was in a fair way to become a conspicuous disgrace to his family, his father made an effort to reclaim him, and failing in this, formally disinherited him. Two years afterward the prodigal learned.incidentally, through a newspaper, of his father's death he wrote to his step-sister then, and she replied, sending him a check for a thousand dollars, and advising him to emigrate and reform. Another year passed, his money was gone, he fell sick and got into no end of trouble, but he weathered through, until a little less than a year ago, when being sick and more forlorn than usual, he wrote, again to his half sister. After some weeks of waiting she wrote him guardedly, without name or address, and only signing her initials; she told him that she was about to be married to a man of aristocratic' birth, who would discard her at once if he knew that she was burdened with a relative so disreputable; her future happiness' was bound up in this splendid financ6. For her own sake she must disown him, must refuse to assist him further. If he persisted in writing to her, he would simply spoil her own life. She would send him once more a little money, but under no circumstances must he write her again-under no circumstances. She threw herself upon his mercy; he must remember that after her marriage she could not re ceive a letter from him. She must be dead to him, and he to her. If he persisted in applying to her for aid, it would be useless; in her own de fence she must ignore him; he would only wrock her.lifo.without ?benefiting hims~lf She Was writifig to hidi; for the hiat tinie.' ' Good heavens!' broke in Stanhope. ' And that is the womau you wish me to interview ! Upon my word, I don't know what to think of you.' ' If you'll hold your tongue,' cried Carnes, ' until I have told my story out, I" let you talk.' ' Go on, then.' ' The fellow told me all this quite calmly, not trying to conceal his own faults, and touching very lightly upon the unnatural conduct of this female aristocrat, never uttering one word of censure; and then he asked me to in form her, when all was over, of his death, if I could do so without letting her know how and for what crime he died-simply inform her, in my capa city of chaplain, that he was dead, and that he died harbouring no un kind thoughts of her. Think of that, will you! No, sir, I don't want you to go to her; I want to go my sell. I want to see her face when she hears the truth. It would be a study in blue-blood worth travelling around the world for. It isn't often that I hanker for female society, hut I do want half an* hour face to face with that woman, with the privi lege of talking to her straight out of my heart. But it can't be; you must go, Dick. She must be made to come forward with her money and her in fluence-it wouldn't be much without the money.' 'And the aristocratic husband ?' 'Never mind him. Must a man be hanged to save his nerves ? Jinkins knows his name, and that they have left Philadelphia, and are living in New York.' 'Well, you had better give me the name, and I'll telegraph ahead and have them looked up; if they are swell people they won't be hard to find, but time is valuable.' 'That's so. Jinkins saw the notice of their removal to New York in the society column of an old newspaper. I guess you'll find them swell enough. You will want to see the woman first, won't you ?' 'I suppose so.' Stanhope rubbed his chin thoughtfully, and for a moment they were both silent, then Carnes said abruptly: ' Do you believe that girl Hildreth's story, about following this supposed Bertha Warham in a cab ?' ' Well, I don't feel especially scep tical about the cab. From what I saw of the little Hildreth I don't think she would care to have a personal encounter with her old-time friend, supposing her to be living, and that they did really meet. But she is full of curiosity, and that kind of boldness that would not hesi tate to jump into a cab and play the spy. And she would take a sort of pleasure in finding out a thing that would place the woman who had cut her acquaintance in an unpleasant position. She thinks that the girl has gotten into snug quarters, under some incognito, and that. if we find her it will spoil her plans. Dou't you see ?' ' What do you think about it ?' ' Think ! I decline to think ! What could I think? But this I tell you: if I have any reason for think ing that Bertha Warham is alive and in New York, I'n going to have some6ne who knew her well brought face to face with her. I've done with identification by photograph.' ' There is one person,' said Carnes, slowly, ' who would not fail to know her, I think, under any mask.' ' Who ?' ' Larsen.' (To be Coeiinued.) 