THE NOVELIST. THE STORY OF ANDREW FAIRFAX. By Joseph Hocking, Author of " Elrad the Hie," "Jabes Easter brook," " Zillah," &c.; BOOK I.—FINDING HIS WORK,. CHAPTER V. THE OLD LIFE AND THE NEW. Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control, These three alone lead life to sov'reign power, Yet not for power (power of herself Would cone uncalled for), but to live by law, Acting tbe law we lira by without tear, And, because right is right, to fojlow right Were wisdom in the scorn of consequence. — IENNYSON. Neither a business nor a literary life looked attractive on tlie following morning. A No vember fog had set in, making the dark street in which he lived look darker than ever. Andrew had left his old home a fortnight before with but little doubt that he should eucoeed somehow, determining that whatever happened he would never seek assistance from those who had ca-t him oub on the world. Bnt that was before be tried to fight life's battle far Limself. Now he looked at things diffe rently. Business life was impossible to him; be could not get a footing in it, at any rate unaided, wbile bis dream began to lose its rosy hues, tie sa v that a position on the literary etatf of any respeotable paper was out of tbe question, while to do the work Mr. Pinns had suggested was altogether opposed to his ideas of a literary life. And yet he longed, intensely longed, to write. Surely, surely there must be I a possibility for him to climb, somehow, to the [ height he desired. Why could he not write a novel, a real work, depioting tbe struggles, the sorrows, the joys of life, at tbe same time j holding up a glorious ideal, and thus lead tbe thousands whom be hoped would road his book to higher realms of thought and life? It was a beautiful picture he drew, bringing colour into his faoe and light into his eyes, But then, what had he to tell the world ? To dream was all very well; but when the dream was translated into actual life what was it worth ? His knowledge of life was small, his vision as | to life's possibilities was but little larger. His dream was only a dream—yet be had not really seen life. Humanity was a book whose pages be had not read. And yet the longing remained. He thought of his old friends. Why could hs not go and tell his story ? Some of them would understand him, and would think none tbe leBa of him for tbe revelation of bis birth. He had done nothing to be ashamed of. He oould not help being the son of a hard working farmer. Besides, there was no dis grace in it. He was the same whatever his failier might he. Some of thofamilius he had known were influential—they could use their influence and thus secure him a position from which lie could work out bis ideas concerning life. He might be a tutor or companion to BOine young gentleman, with whom he would have plenty of epare time, and thus write hiB novel. Then when he had gained a reputation he would be able to make hie own terms, both with society and publishers. He might have to sacrifice his pride, and give up his j Quixotio notions, but euiely that would be J better than to gather scraps of news for the Soho Times, for which he was to get five ehil liogs a week. He had been reared in luxury, and thiH question of money was constantly J galling him. He put on his coat and went towards Picca dilly. As he walked along tbe Strand he saw that the fog was lifting, and the sun was trying to pierce the oloude. By the time he ! reached Piccadilly Circus the light had in creased; evidently the day was going to be bright. By the time he reached Hyde Park gates he felt as though he were Andrew Ber nard once more, and that the past fortnight { had been a curious dream. He saw the crowds who had gathered in the park, and as he walked along he became interested in watching the carriages. He Bauntcred along Kotten row, and looked to see if among tbe ladies and gentlemen on horseback there were any he ' knew. Presently h s heart gave a leap. Passing close beside liirn was the Bernard car riage. containing Mrs. Bernard, Wilton, and Isabel. His eyes met theirs, but they gave no sign of recognition, save that a mocking smile wroathed Wilton's lipsas if to tell him that a j great gulf lay between them. Andrew clenched hie fists and set bis teeth. He had expected nothing else, but it was I bard to bear, and he almost regretted haying come so for "west. Still he crushed the bitter | feelings that rose in his heart, and madeup his mind to call at the house of ono of his old friends, who ho know was in a position to help him. He was not long in reaching Connaught- square, and as lie stood at the door of astately house ho almost forgot that ho was Andrew Fairfax who had taken a dingy room at seven and sixpence a week in a narrow street at the back of the Strand. When the door was opened, however, be realized it very keenly. Over-sensitive, he thought he saw an insolent grin on tho servant's laoe, and when told that Mr. Gilbert was not at home he re garded it as a dismissal from the house. As a matter of fact tbe gentleman ho sought was not at home, while tho sup posed insolent grin on the servant's faoe waB simply owing to a flirtation he had been having with the fat cook. Andrew knew nothing of thie, however, and he walked through the park in anything but a good humour. A few minutes later he met an old acquaintance. Not that they bad beBn friendly, for the young man, Elfrad Steele by name, was a suitor for Isabel Bernard's hand, and was always madly jealous of Andrew. More over, he was an effeminate puppy, and was glad of an opportunity of venting his spleen against a man who, he was sure, had despised him. At this time, however. Andrew would gladly have shaken hands with him, he was so lonely and downhearted. As soon as he saw him, therefore, he rushed up to him with outstretched band, and, for getting for the minute the probability of cool ness, said heartily— " Holloa, Steele, old fellow, bow are you ?" Steele, however, did not see the hand. He j stepped back slightly, then, taking out hie eyeglass,- he deliberately adjusted it, and Btared at Andrew as though he were a curiosity. After that he walked on without saying a I word. I Andrew did not see another person in Hyde Park. He dashed through it as though the Furies were at hie heels. He saw neither cabs nor buBses as he hurried along Piooadilly, down Leicester-Bquare, through Trafalgar square into the Strand, and from thenoe to tbe dingy room. He was too excited, too indignant. After that he would rather have died , than ask a favour of bis former West- End acquaintances. . The trnth was Elfrad Steele had been acting according to instructions.; Isabel Ber nard had told him if ever he met Andrew to j cut him, as he had no claim to be recognised as a gentleman, and Steele, like a.faithfulelhve to his lady's whimB, had .obeyed. s . ' • i ; That morning's experience was'the decisive J point in Andrew's life. Had he been met kindly, and had spine of his old friends offered to help him, it it not probable I should have been asked to write his life. But it was otherwise. Nob that many would not have gladly given him the position be wished, for be had been respected and loved by most who knew him. He knew nothing of this, how ever. Over-sensitive, he fancied himself despised and ridiculed, and so he vowed that, whatever might happen, he would never again ■ go to the West End for help. When he arrived at his " little deu," as he called it, he sat down and wrote a letter to Mr. Finns, telling him that he accepted his offer, and would be glad to oall on him when convenient. "Anyhow, I am going to begin at the bottom of the dadder," he said to himBelf when he had finished the letter. " What will the end be, I wonder! What shall I make out in life!" After addressing the letter to the little hotel in which Mr. Finns was a permanent re sident, he sat down and tried. to compose a story, but he found that his pen, like the wheels of Pharaoh's chariot, "drove heavily." He felt a great deal, but Bomchow he could not put bis feelings into words. HiB thoughts came rapidly, but he could not centralize them. As we have eeen, he had great ideas concerning literature, but no burning question appealed to him for solution, no great abuse appeared to him demanding that he should tell out to the world what was a disgrace to civilization. He read and reread the prefaoe of Wilkie Collins's most popular Btory, in which that writer declared that it should be the novelist's chief aim to tell a story, and that everything else should take a subsidiary place ; but it did not satisfy him. To Andrew a story should be the medium through whiob some groat truth could be told, some great want expressed. A novelist should be a ecer, a. prophet, a preacher. But then, what was the vision he saw, what truth had he to tell! Seemingly nothing. And yet ho felt that a thousand things wanted telling, that the light of day ought to ehine on many dark sbuses. And so on these lines. he thought out hiB story, but in vain. Either the face of Isabel Bernard came between him and his thoughts, or his exclusion from the old life hindered bim, for oertainly the story was not a suo cess. Tbo following morning he received a letter from Mr. Pinns asking bim to call at his office that day at 11 o'clock, when he would explain to him what hie powers to help him were. Andrew was not late in kbeping the appoint ment, although his hoart did not beat with very high hopes. Sill he met Mr. Pinns very oheerfully, and tried to suppress his disap pointments. It was in a little room at the back of a printing office in which that gentleman received htm. Certainly there was no luxury in the premises of the Soho Times. The place was musty and ill- arranged. Great heaps of papors were thrown into the corners of the room, while facing a window—the only one— was Mr. PinnB's desk. There were three chairs —a high one suited to the desk; an armchair, a great deal torn, with the springs ehowiiig; and a hair-seated one, likewise revealing the material with which it was stuffed. The carpet bad been new a great many years before, but at present it was impossible to discover its pittero. Moreover, in several places it revealed the nature of the flooring. Mr. Pinns wore a snort greasy coat, the sleeves of whiob were slightly turned up, while on his fedt was a pairmf office slippers, which had the advantage of being very airy. " Well, you've come," he said to Andrew. " Yes, I've come," " And not thought better of it, eh ! I didn't expect to see you again. Why, yon can see now the value of the literary profession. It isn't worth a straw, I tell you, not a straw. Urn!" "I hope it may be worth a great deal to ue," eaid Andrew. "I hope so—yes, I hope so. But do you know, young -man, that in the whole of London, among the hundreds of newspapers that are published, there's not more than about a score that pay anything worth mentioning ! And do you know, too, that it'a nearly impos sible for any one to get on the staff of those few ?'' "They must be written for," said Andrew, "and in time" " There, there, it's just like me to seek to discourage you. Young fellow, I am foolish, very. As a rule I take notice of nobody but myself, and I'm not worth taking notice of. But when I saw you 1 lilted you. Why, I d'Ui't know, but I did. Of course I did not know what you were up to, but I thought you must be wantiag employment. Well, it seems you couldn't get any, and so I thought I might help v'ou. Help you—bah ! Still, you must do something. Tliie paper of mine isn't worth —um—well, never mind, but it isn't worth much.". " Might I ask its circulation!" "Circulation I Young man, know that that is an editor's eecrct. Never let anyone know the circulation of a paper, unhss it is enor mously large; and always say that it is the most widely circulated paper in the district, therefore best medium for ad vertisements, &o.;" " I Bee," said Andrew, smiling. "Ab, um. I'm glad you see. Well, now, look here ; I shall do you. no good, and you'll do me no good, that's certain; but tbere, do you care to help in a starvation business like this?'' " Yes," replied Andrew. Badly as he wanted to do something, it required an effort for him to give this anBwer. He had always thought of an editor as a gentle man, refined, thoughtful; while here wob this little man the very opposite of his conception. " Are you fond of reading ?" " Very." "Novels?" " Good ones." "Can you read French—German ?" "Yes." " Could you translate a book from either of those languages?" " I dare say." "Um." • , . Andrew looked at the little man, wondering what was coming next. " Do you think you could write a review of a book?" " A review—why ? "I have books—of a Bort—sent me for review. I generally have them slashed up in "Do you teview them yourself?" asked Andrew, thinking of the worth of his opinion. "No, I don't, but the fellow who's doing that work leaves me next week—and good riddanoe, too. I could make it half a crown a week more if you could take on that kind of afraid I oouldn't," said Andrew. " Afraid—why ?" ;> . ' " I'm afraid my. literary judgment u not sufficiently matured. I—I ' Literary judgment be hanged ! You know you i . .. - . it. Use strong sdjeetives, and put them on tbiok. That's what people like in reviews." " Indeed 1" "Yes. Nobody cares about reading the ■ walyeisof a book—they want Btrong opinions. 1 Adjectives very thiok." " I should like it of all things, but" " Well, we'll see. Now there's something else. You want to write stories ?" "Verymuoh. I should like to write a real •ovel, one that's worth" \- You oouldn't do It—yet. But if ever you do you won't get it read. Books worth read ing don't get sale. The world of novel-readers like dash, movement, excitement. I know that to read or to write them is a waste of time; but that's what novel-readers want. Go to any of Smith's bookstalls and ask the olerks the kind of novel they can sell, and they'll tell you what I've just told you.'' "But there's another olaaa of readers than railway novel readers." "Yes, two"—and the little man puckered j his forehead as he continued— "There's the so-called philosophical novel, which is really humbug, and those are read by -prigs who pose as thoughtful men, but who are as great humbugs as the books tbey read. Then there's a class of novel almost unknown to you, but which has a larger sale than moat of the well-known literature." "Indeed! What?" " The penny novelette. Stories for the i young. Books for Doys, full of revenge, murder, ghosts, and all that kind of thing. 1 They sell by tens of thousands." I "Indeed?" " Yea. Would you care to try and write for thesepeople— bah ! But I'm eure you won't." " What will they pay?" "I don't know. I'll take you to an editor if you like. I know you'll be disgusted, bah ! of \- course you will, but I can't do any more for you. Indeed, Mr. Pinhs was doing a great deal. Evidently he was troubling a great deal as to how he could help Andrew, and only real liking would have caused liim to do it." "You ore very kind," eaid Andrew, "very kind. I know I am not fit for very much, and you are doing me real service." " Humbug," said Mr. Pinns gruffly. " There, tbcro; let's go and eee one of these editors. Editors, bah !" As they loft the office of the Soho Times they met a gaunt, badly dressed man about fifty years of age, wbo greeted Mr. Finnsfamiliarly, but to whom that gentleman was very dignified and very distant. " Here are those books. I've reviewed them," \- eaid the man confidently. " Could you settle up now ?" "Very well, Williams," said Mr. Finns loftily; " give them to one of the clerks." 1 I'm I'm off next Wednesday." " Very well, Williams, it—it is possible I may be in on Tuesday evening." "I'd prefer the money ujw, if you don't objeot," said Williams; "and, besides, you know there are those" ' "Really Williams," said Mr. Pinns with great djgaity, "I can't attend to such little matters now. I have business with this gentleman. I'll write you a cheque when I've time." " A cheque, eh ?" said Williams; " why, whatever" "I hope you'll do well on the Wednesday Moon, Williams. I've done my best for you. Good day, Williams, good day." Andrew looked at Air. Pinns in astonish ment. He had become dignified all of a suddon. The little man seemed to swell with , importance, too, and looked as though the .i.neighbourhood belonged to him. "One is obliged to keep suoh fellows in their place," said Mr. Pinns; and then turning confidently to the young man, he said, " Williams has been our reviewer," " What 1" said Andrew. " la public opinion to be influenced by such as he ?" Mr. Finns beoame silent, and thus im portant. From that time Mr. Pinns regarded Andrew as one of the staff of the Soho Times, and while he remained on it the little man magnified hie office. He never spoke slightingly of literature; he wob never familiar. Mr. Pinna carried two sots of manners. One blunt, grumpy, and free—this for bis friends; the other im portant and reserved—for his subordinates. The two walked together along Fleet street, and after awbiie turned up one of the narrow alleys which led into a network of others, and here Andrew wa« first introduced to a phase of life of which he was ignorant, and to a literature of which he had not dreamed. 