'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUES TION 1" Now, which is the worse—to have no appotitc for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetito. There are lots of people on tho one side or the other of this question. When <( ft good diges tion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals, But most of us aro not "blessed in that 'way ; wo either havo too much food without an appetito, or a vigorous appetite without euough to satisfy it. Different folk will answor tiiis question differently, yet tho common sense of it is that, without reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of tho starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. Wo recently received a com* munication in which the writer says, " I was afraid to eat." Did ho fancy his food was poi soned, or did his nature rebel against tho nou rishment lived on ? If tho latter, why ? Lot him e'ear the mystery himself. Ho says, " In the year 18801 changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been sigualman twelve months, and then all at ; onco, so to speak, X did not feel myself. My ! mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; tho palate, to put.it: in that wav, appeared to have nothing to shy-tn n'.;..-- }•<::> another, and liom: v.-,s. )]y ' tongm; coated ! am; FiMod, ;vuu is <i;uic{hn;v/ii:;<lmvK Liic :.»*J'He imu y .Vm\v fne rouuu if. My iuuath was offen sive tMui my nppctito po.'jr, with [kUiiu'through the chest .and shoulder.*;, whtah .vcrv always •right before V-4 anything- Thijilwas ! greatly7 ^ lad. l.i would gather so it felt j..,v s ,.U! '-u ir.v- throat, ami "Xit as if it'would ch .'Uo rue. ' YY'e C'V;aot '.v*''!iacr.t!iriN utidor thc«o circum* til our frib&u; failed tv do juotico to his nieals. He adds that there was what he callB M a pricking sensation" at his heart, aa though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times lie was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so seveio that the sweat rolled offhim. " I dreaded," ho says "the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for 1 was afraid to eat. " After a time Igot into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if somehting was going to happen, and this caused mo to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going to happen," is, of course, tho fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or tho death of somebody dear to him. This was due, aB he intimates, to the im poverished state of his blood (tho life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungovorned im agination. " With great difficulty," lie says, " I stuck to my work, lor I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of descrip tion. I am sure no one has suffered so muoh as I have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is al ways harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multi tude who aro all the while going through tho same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own, having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, 1' got me a bottle at Mr LaugstafFe, in Wood lesford, and after using its contents tho ail mens left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have boon em ployed by the Midland "Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) " George Hunt, ft Car Bottom Road, 4' Annnrlftv "Rrulrm. nmr Tappds We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire in ordor that j art of the world at least may know how thankful ho is and for what reason. 1740-1 