A MEETING of the Committee of the Bar caldine Central Racing Club was held at the Royal Hotel ou Tuesday afternoon of last week. There were present: Messrs. A. Par nell (president, in the chair), Begg (vice president), Nicholson, Dalzell, Marshall, Peel, Bancke, Arthur, Miller, and the secre tary. The balaucc sheet was read and re ceived showing the balance to credit of Club, £487 Cs. Id. Of this amount £43-1 19s. it at fixed deposit in the Q.N. Bank. After dis cussion it was resolved that tbe President and Secretary make arrangements to obtain negotiable deposit slips of £100 apiece so that the Club may be able to sell one or more as circumstances may seem to require. Mr. Parnell's appointment as a member of the Executive Committee of the Central Queensland Racing Association was ap proved. It was resolved, iu r.ccordauce with arrangement made by committee on appoint ment of secretary, to grant Mr. Downes a bonus of £20 in addition to his salary. It was also resolved to vote the sum of fifteen guineas for purchase of a presentation to the late president of the club as a memento of services rendered. Messrs. Parnell and Begg were deputed to carry out tbe resolution of the committee. A sum of £1 was voted towards repairing back fence of racecourse paddock. It was resolved that a two days' summer meeting be held iu the mouth "of January, ou about the same date as this year. It was understood that if tbe season was good the Club would issue a programme for about £380 added money. Votes of thanks to Mr. W. Dalzell for his services as judge, and to Mr. J. Arthur as starter, at the late annual meeting, were carried unanimously. A TBOTTIXG match has been made between Mr. J. Leyland's grey mare Bluebe'l and Mr. Oscar Bancke's bay horse Clappertou; dis tance two miles. The match will take place on Boxing Day, and the stakes are £15 aside. Breaks are to be allowed within a distance of ten yards, but exceediug that distance the referee will have power to order the breaking horse to turn round and start from the place of break. THE full programme of the Tambo Racing Club is published in our advertising columns. Following' the custom adopted by the new club, tbe annual meeting is now held on Boxing Bay aud the day following. The added money this year is £300. The principal events are the Tambo Handicap of £80, the , December Handicap of £10, and the Flying' Handicap of £:>lt. There are two Corinthian races, a welter weight for age of £20, and a welter handicap of £20. There is a Trial Stakes of £20 for maidens, aud a District Plate of £20 for horses sired aud bred within 100 miles of Tambo. There is a Farewell Handicap of £20, a Selling Race of £10, aud two Hack Races of £5 each. A very good definition is given in the regulations concern ing entries for those events. Nominations for principal handicaps are due ou November 23th. weights December 12th, acceptances aud general entry December 22ud. TO-MOEEOW is the night of general entry for the Muttaburra Races. The visitors from Barcaldinc have already gone away to the north, and there is likely to be a very pleasaut meeting from a sporting, if not pecuniary point of view. Our correspondent at Mutta burra says that the want of a shower has .M?rioii>-ly affected the prospects of a good meeting. The great body of the bushmen who usually camp about town are not inclined to perish their horses to stop for the races, and, unless they have left with the intention of camping about Camoola or Sardine Creek until within a few days of the races, aud then returning, we shall not have a large atten dance. Most of the sheds have cut out, and, had we been favored with au inch or so of rain last month, wo would have had a most successful meeting. We still hope to go very near coming out on the right side, but this veal''.'- meeting will not be the same help to the town nor benefit to the club that previous meetings have been. THE fields are not likely to be very large at Muttaburra in the principal handicaps, aud we stilKidhcre to the prediction that Royalty must win the Cumberland, aud may win the double if he keeps well. The only others iu the big races are (Joldspray and Minto, for if what we hear of Verdict's performauces arc correct, the Flying Handicap is the only one he has a chance in at the weights. Lamond we have not yet seen racc, and Montagu may have come ou a lot since Longrcach. The others we don't think have a ghost of a show ! in the two-mile unless the otlieis tumble down. 