ABOHDEACON FABBAR AND HIS CRITICS. (From the Church IntelltQencer.t -1 Tbat tbe Bitualists are ' badly hit ' is shown by the raiiconr of certain comments npon Archdeaoou Farrar's recent article. 'The Church Times speaks of that article as an ' amszing outbarst of spite aud bad temper,' aud adds tbat tbe Arobdeaoon was so blmded by bitterness and egotism that he gave himself away at all points.' One of its oorrespondents desoiibes it as 'the despairing hysteiioal attack ' of one who ' has now come forth in his true oolunrs as a bitter Protestant of the Churoh Aesooiation type.' When the Aaionio priesthood was setiup, the most explicit assetiion was given balore- hand of ite sacrifioial work, and of its peculiar and exolnsive privileges whioh were also vindicated by repeated miracles. If, then, the Mass be the analogoe aud saoaessor of the entire Jewish ej stem of Priestly offerings, how comes it that, as this writer admits, the whole question is at ' first sight in Scripture a difficnlt and complioated one ?" Is it God's wont to deal thus with Hia oreatnres;, to annex their hopes of salvation to hninan mediators, and then to leave the whole question in a ' complioated and diffioqlt ' obsonrity for the ptrsons Interested to dog matize npon as may beet suit their own interests from time to time ? Canon Carter goes even beyond this admission by saying with perfect aoonraoy tbat, ' Scripture is in truth silent to the epeoifio ministrations, aa well as to the distinctive name of the seoond order of the , ministry,' i.6., the pretended order of saotifioing priests. If that adrhission be trne, and it la- really .irioontestable,, no ! decision, of . the Church' can read into Soriptnie .what i does noi; exist there; and no after 'deoislons' oan make tip.,for_ the total aok of Divine aanction for a claim b o BtnpendonB wboee magnitude onght to be some incBBure of Its need of credibie and clear atteetatipn. Oanon Knoz-Littie merely adda < that the' Archdeacon is called a 'priest' in the Prayer«book — evidently hoping that hie readerB vrill never tnrn to any good dictionary to find ont that ' priest' is bat the abbreviated form of Freebyter— and forgetting, what might weigh more with him, that the Ohnrch of Bome In her Ordinal etili ordains her deacone to the order of ' Presby ters,' Thonsahda and thonsande of times this ele mentary fact of etymology has been pointed ont ; yet, like their Bomish brethren, the Anglo-Oatholios go on repeating the oft- exposed pretence as thcngh it were stiil " as good as new." _ Incidently the Oanon speaks of the " etart- ling inveracity of the Pnritans." Now we have 'but to tarn to the philosophical histories of Green and Gardiner to see what the char acter of the Paritane was -in this respect. Neither of those great historian himself had any Paritan proclivities ; yet they hononrably ' testity to ttie high moral tone which the Itfinenoeof the Paritane imparted to England, and which completely raised the English nation from its former 'Oatholic' disrepnte.. Eveu Oardinal ' Newman has admitted that ' Oavdoliu ' nations lie more than Protestants. We odgAt not, perhaps, to feel surprised if ' their champion should prefer the ' veracity '. of the Ohnrch which he loves, and which his brother felt it his duty to join. Load Nelson is held up for onr admiration as being so ' ' earnest in hie efiorts to re-nnite Dissenters with the Mother Ohnrch ' that hie own sons have one alter the other left the Ohnrch of England for that of Bome. Lord Halifax is .praised for 'his exact theological knowledge,' whioh'leads him to pablioly advocate Parga- tory, the ' Benediction of the Sacrament,' its reeervation, elevetion, and worship, and to desire the ahandonment of the Prayer Book for the Sarum Micsal. Ihie is surely a very odd way of proving the ' dbsence of any desire to ' undo the Beformation.' in dealing with the Sacrifice of the Mass we have the nsnal trick of saying and nnsay- ' ing in the same sentence, so that the words can be afterwards interpreted either way to sniii the occasion. For instance, we are told thatpriests ' present one sacr.fice once for all offered ''on the cross '—as though 'present' and 'offer' were not words of precisely the same meaning in this connection. To say plainly that ' priests present one sacrifice once lor all presented,' or ' offer one sacrifice once for all offered on the cross ' would be seen at once to he a nonsensical ocntradiction. Yet ' presentation ' by a priest on an altar was and is the only 'offering' possible, except that which every lay worshipper can effect for himself. A similar juggle le played with the words ' substitute ' and representative.' The .Oanon deolarea that prieste ' offer the eacrifioe of praise and thanksgiving fur the people, not as snbsiitutes, hut as representatives.' But what about sacrifices of ' propitiation ? ' What about sacrifiooB and offeringe ' lor sin ? ' Here, mere 'representation' won't serve ; for confessedly the people have no such function, and it so, their ' representative ' can have none either, it is only as their ' subbtunte ' that he can do what tuey both individually and collectively have no power to do. The trick here is partly the assumption that an officiating clergyman ' repiesents,' in despite of them selves, those WHO repudiate his teachings, and abhor his ritual, while, on the other hand, the priestly sinatuner is described as ' represent ing' sinners wno need to havp done 'lor' them what they can have no possible share in ' ' doing lor themselves. Oanon Enuz-Little urges that our Lord was a priest before His resnrreolion, because Be gave variuns absolutiona, because He ' oruained Apostles, because He celebrated the Eucharist. But not one of these was, even in appearance, a-'-priesily act.' it formed no part of the f unouon ot a Jewish priest to preside at a Pascal feast, or to ' absolve ' — an office which belonged to Prophets like Nathan, rather than to priests like Zauck. We are next told- thai 'Bitualist' is an insulting -term,' though it has haen adopted nnto the English language precisely as were .''Puritan' or 'Anglican,' both which are ' employed by the Uanon himself. A true > instinct led the Euglisu people to seize upon bis peculiarity to aescribe men who employ '' ouiward toims to express adoration ot the ' consecrated wafer as being God Himself. The '"six points ' of Biioalism (with tue exueptiui perhaps of the mixed chaiioei all means this. % Yet' this, their luudameutai ductriue, was not \- taught by the Lauuiaus or Hig,h Uhuioh II ' Qt seventeenth cen- !' Itniy '11 IB a purely Traoiarian development, bblouging to tne later stages of the movement, ' i' after the tracts themselves had oeasad to be /'lautiofi. .':i I 'Ihe Oanon' says : ' When the Archdeacon '' chargee hs .with nolding tronsnbetantiatiou, i a'' oah-oniy meet bis charge by a dueot contra- \- - diction-— the value of which is ehown by '' ''Archdeacon Fatrar's letter. Tuen we have the statement that Christ's ' salvation is I'brudhi home to the soul, as the Uhuruh . teaches, ' by the use of ouufebsion and the I benefit- ot absomtiua.' There is of coarse a \- -sense in which this may sumetimos be true. ' The '.benefit is bronght home to some sick and despairing souls, who through ignorance, or tbidiigh despondency of temperament, or '"from bodily prostration are nuabie to take to f '-' themselves Ihdse prumises whioh the Savioor '"''intended' for their teleasnment. To such, the '''Office lor tne Vieiiation ot the Sick uffor tne heroic rtmeuy ' -ot a persoul' application to tdl'beiteveis. Anu'Whsn the Visi.aiiun Uffiue "WaB drawn up, this was realiy necessitated by the very general pievalenoe of distrust and doubt consequent upon the sudden knooking away ot all those hnman props upon which the nnreformed Ohnrch had taught men to lean as of necessity. So soon, however, as a preaching ministry had been provided, the 67th canon withdrew the obligation to nse that OfiSce from all cnrates who were' able to employ ' the ministry of God's Word.' This Gospel ministry ensnres all— and more than all — the 'benefit men formerly songht in priestly ' absolution, but, alas ! Bought there in vain, seeing that it was only by instalments that a temporary pardon was supposed to be eked out from confession to confession, while men were left in a donble bondage to the eaves-dropper who was master of their family secrets, and to the fear of death which could never be obviated by any partial payments of the Bslvation-insnrance. The old fallacy is repeated, that " the First Prayer Book has the imprimatur of our pre sent Prayer Book," wbipb is a big blander ; the language of the Preface relating not to the First Prayer book, bnt to the Second, which supplanted and displaced it. The C anon adds : " It has been declared by Act of Paillament to have ' been inspired by the Holy Ghost.' What does be suppose to be the value of snob a Parliamentary declaration ? Is it not some what discounted by the fact that the words nconr in the very statute wbich aboliebed the First Book, and made its use thenceforth illegal ? Also by the fact that the oommenda-j tion quoted really bad reference to the one point, viz., the use of the Vernacular ? (See Intelligencer, vl. 78. 