THAT CITY GIRL. ;-' ' r ?JJVICK was prepared for « dull morning. J$J Driving your sister is not the most exciting occwpation imaginable, and when Ihnb sistor and her betrothed ^ occupy the back scat nnd are totally absorbed in each ebher tlie situation is almost dreary. Dick was feeling gloomy. If Jim Gardner ami Carrie were a pretty picture of dovotod happiness, Dick was no ' less pleasing as a samplo of sturdy' young aaniioad — sturdy and yet shy. Dick was a bashful fellow, but he was so hand :ome and blue-eyed and fair- haired and sunburned that his modesty was only an added charm. '.lhivo into Mrs. Ransom's, Dick,' said Carrio, ' mother wants me to get hor spiced pickle recipe.' 'Something blue and white was visible in a hammock in Mrs. Ransom's rear yard. ' O!u' Carrie murmured, ' it's .Mrs. Kanscn'a niece, a Miss Faulkner, from the city— fomo city. Sally Decker was telling about lier. She anys she's awfully rich and stylish ; says she's beenhore before, but she never dared call on her. She says she's been to Europe twice, and— well, that she's too stylish for anything 1 ' Carrie ended hurriedly. Jim gave a derisire laugh, but Dick sab painfully blushing. To be. forced to encounter such a. creaturo ! He preferred being swallowed by an earthquake 1 Cordial' Mrs. Ransom came out at the sight of the buggy. ' Como here, Maggie,' she called!. ' My nieco, Miss Faulkner — Miss Corwin, Mr. Corwin, and Jim Gardner. I've heard you were engaged to a Jim Gardner from Mecklinville, Carrie, and I suppose that's tho young man.' It ended in a good general laugh. Bub Dick wus too bewildered to laugh. For there was added bo his awe the element Usst calculated to reduce the shy young man to the depths of misery— admiration. .Miss Faulkner wore some iiiry summer gatb in which blue predominated— blue stripes, a blue felt hat, blue lacings in her ?blouse. She was black-haired, dark-eyed, pink-cheeked, and the possessor »f a deep dimple. ' You must come with us for a drive, Miss Faulkner,' aaid Carrie, prompbly. ' Vo on, Maggie,' said Mrs. Ransom, Dick stepped down, and Miss Faulkner, with a laughing word of deprecation, stepped up ; then Dick drove on. 'I forgeb -the pickle recipe I' Carrie cried. If Diok could have laughed with them I But he could not. His mood was almosb solemn. He was nob only stiff with embar rassment, but he was startled. Had he ever anen hor before ? Whero ? Ib might have bzen in some angelic vision. Miss Faulkner was charming as she turned to him, with a faint blush for the oddity of the situation. , '.' I'm rather unconventional to come like this, she.deolared to Dick. Jim and Carrie hud settled back to a duet. 'Bub I do love to drive.' 'You do!' said Dick. He meant it' to sound genial, bub he knew it sounded stiff. 'I think the roads aboub here are beau tiful,' said Miss Faulkner. » Bub the names m.«^£ewSalilh- HlnCkley ™-V'Dick 'I should think you'd call this the Rick Kack- road,' she SRid, scanning its winding length. m wJ%&l;!j;!:c& \- If.only the blood Jiadjiot.. W jtineling into his face'* tii'e next minute ! Jrastne sudden recollection tlm* Miss ?? jjUlkner had been twice to Europe which |de it. y1 Aunt Mnry thinks there's no place like *rn-ootS,' suid Miss Faulkner, brightly. 1 is very pretty. '? it Nob so very,' said Dick. yXpr blue sasb blew.' into his lap, and he ?.; mob know what to do about ib. / Jttut it is,' said ftliss Faulkner, 'Are I Me many young people?' a I Nob very many,' said Dick. W He wished Carrie and Jim would help him lout, but they wero fathoms- deep in a low i toned dialogue. 9-r,'}, tlunk * should Itnow,' snitl Miss J Banlkner, whispering and smiling, ?'that \ your sister was engaged, even if I hadn't i icnrd it. I ^ ' Ir's plain enough,' said Dick. I , If she were hot so stylish, so rich— ihadn'b | been abroad so. frequently ! And if In. were f not haunted by that queer notion of having iccn hou before. y I 'If I didn't br.'ing my book along 3' she f ?jjkcnlated, thu:mbling her hitherto forgotten pamphlet. ?'-£* 8illy little thing I was reading in the hain'mook — a regula'r hammock novel — ' Molly' H Lovers. ' Molly had six frantic loveiaSo far, and I'm expecting a seventh every minute.' Why couldn't he think of something to rejoin ? He should think of tho right thing later, he know. He flicked the horse and thought of sayingsomething about the length of her visit, but that brought to mind tho imposing glorios to which she would return. Rioh, stylish, travelled, and Dick had never been further than Fnrrington in his honest, healthy life. But he mustered courage for a desperate final effort. ? . '.Haven't I seen you before ?' he said, rather bluntly. ? ? ' Me? AVhero J' said Miss Faulkner. ' That's what I don't know,' lie said, lamely ; ' but I thought. — why — somehow I don't know ; I can'b explain it. May be I never have.' .. He expected no reply to that stammering attempt and got none. Mis. Faulkner sat quiet, discouraged and exhausted ah lost. And Dick — poor Dick ! He wished that he was somewhere— anywhere else ; that; he knew enough to cay boo to a. goose ; that he had never been born. What must she think of him? That he was a tomgue-tied rural hawk. Ho cast an affrighted glance, at her, sitting demure and lovely. He was almost in love with her ; he know that. In love with her I Well, his misery was strangely complete. Ilalf-an-hour ago he had been phlegmabically serene. Now ! ' Look 1 ' Carrie cried, miraculously rous ing liLM'fcolf. ' Wild roses ! Jim, go and -*el some this instant — Dick, too. You want some don't you, Miss Faulkner?' Oh, yes ! ' Miss Faulkner cried, and took tlm lines from Dick. ' You shall have nil I c»n geb,' he mur mured anxiously. Jim followed him, anil Carrie followed ?Tim. 'I know they'll overlook thai) protbieib snray. Just for a mhute, Miss Faulkner,' biie said. It was far wore than a minute. The horae gave a sudden plunge : though 18 yearn old and soberness itself, he clung to tho habits of youth. A white paper was driven under the sorrel nose by bhe wind, and the frightened animal gave a snorb and galloped down the road at high speed. There was a turn not far away, and Dick had not recovered his breath before he saw the lust flicker of. Miss Faulkner's blue dress in a cloud of duet. The old horse flew round lilt corner. ' She'll be killed I' shrieked Carrie, while Jiiu ntood petrified. But Dick swung into bhe road and ran. Tie had not been aware thub such powers of kuifrness lay in him. 0/ course, eh© would be killed— or fear fully imuied, at besb. Ho should find her I ^W ewhere— ttmb he was sure. But -if» ArtoijfJ&iiW; corner, bubjhe s -«, C^r Property Distribution 1 '?''??WWBi.^-..' ? 'J' i' you.tjilnlc'I was killed t How ausurfi it wnsi' Nothing but a newspaper. But liow you leak! You've run all tho way I' She dropped down on the grass, and pulled him down beside h«r. 'I'm afraid you've almost killed.ynurself,' sho cried. JJo take off your hat and loosen your collar. You're purple 1' ' I'm all right,' Dick gasped. 'It's you. I thought I should soon lind yon lyinr dead somewhere. I saw your hat back theto.' ' That came off, of course.' ' I almost gave you up then.' Sho half pouted. ' ? ? ? 'Didn't yon think I had a bit of nerve to let mysolf be killed just by a frightened horse ? I jusb sat still and held tho lines with all my might and let him run till he got tired, i was sure ne would stop some time. He's up there under that big maple. .See him? I tied him to the post and ran back, I thought yau'd be worried,' she finished demurely/ ' But you're plucky !' crierl Dick,, his heart thumping a trifle less furiously. ' VVhy, neb so awfully,' said tho girl, glancing at him half-frewningly, . 'Any other line of conduct would have baen stupid, you know, and why should'nb I know something about horses? We have one, and I drive all over Farringbon every day.' ' Farringbon ?' ' Don't go back to monosyllables, Mr. Corwin. Yes, Farrington. Why not? I've lived there nineteen years 'and bhree months.' - ' In Farringten ?' said poerDick, dazedly, ' My sister said you were from the city.' 'Hardly. Farrington has only '10,000 inhabitants, you know. Is that tbt reason you were afraid of me ?' * i^' She lowered her mischievous eyes 3d M ' That and a few other things.' ^ w 'What other things?' ' My sister said she heard that you -were very rich, high and mighty— but if it had been true 1 ou»ht not to have acted like a fool. I'm baHhful, naturally, Miss Faulkner, and I was aboub rattled oub of my wits. Oh, yes ; I heard you had been to Europe twice.' She threw up both hands and her pretty, round chin. ' Europe ! We went to the Thousand Islands once, but we had to economise rather to do that. Father had a hardware store and not such a very prosperous one either. There 1 Am I candid enough for you? Are you afraid of me still, Mr. Corwin ? ' What was the matber with the blithe girl? She was smiling, buk her dark eyes were misty. Dick did net know then, bub a time came when he did. Ho had felt the power of her delicate beauty, her brighbntsB, and bhero was an answering thrill in her own hearb. ' I am not afraid of you,' said Dick. ' And I know now where I daw you before'; ib was in Farrington, a long time ago, and I have never forgotten you.' As he looked ab her she blushed and smiled, and ib did nob occur bo them to drive back till Jim and Carrie came in sight down the road. Dick's shyness was not wholly eradicated. [t was five months afterwards that he name home from Farrington and told his sister that he had lefb a ring on Maggie Faulkner's land. JS' We liked each obher from the very firsb,' he said, simply. ' Only that story of yours came near settling things ; bhe horse ran away in the nick of time. 'Ib wasn't mine, Dick,' said Carrie. (She andJiwhnd been married in Septembur.) ' Ib was Sally Decker khab said ib, and she always mixed things up. Ib was wgcofftT fault if you believed ib ; I djdli'ts.' 7 ? f.T L'iD NOT WORB '~ Hk was a song and dance man from Jig-; town, lie was. Everything from bho most complex kind of winging to the plainest of shuttles he had, practically speaking, at the tips of his toes. There wasn't a dance going that he didn'b know, and if bhe manager would engage him he guaranteed to ' knock'em silly ab the go off.' The manager laid down his pen and listened to the terpsiehorean gentleman's Ubtle spooch with a granite countenance. 'Any particular specialty?' he queried. 'I've gob one step that's a clinker,' exclaimed bhe applicant, 'I'm the only innn in the biz that does it, and it's brand new.' ' Do it,' said the manager. ' What's the music?' ' 'The Gurls of Enniskillen.'' 'Do you know it, Johnny.? Yes ? Then whistle it. ' The blond-haired office boy, seated on top of the oflice safe, struck up the tune, and the song and dance man started in. The manager still preserved the granite coun tenance, and watched the dancer till he finished, Hushed and triumphant. ' Johnny,' said tho manager, ' Jusb give us that tune again, will you ?' Tiisliing Ills chair aside he began. The younger cloggist watched with bulging eyes until the final ptop. ' That,' remarked the manager, as he dropped backed into his scat, ' is tho way I used to, do that dance in '03. Gob anything else now '!' 'Holy smoke !' gasped tho other. Then, seizing his battered tile, he vanquished with the velocity of a pantaloon through a vam pire trap. A KIND-HEARTED LAWYER. 'Yes,' said the insurance agent to the preacher, who was waiting to take the train, ' talking about kind-hearted men, there's none of 'em beats Lawyer Jinkina,' ' Good man, is ho ? ' ' You're right, he is. I can toll yon a little story which'll show what a heart he has in him. . ' Should like to hoar it,' said the preacher, looking at his watch. ' Well,' said the agent, 'you seo it was this way : Bill Jones was n poor mun, »nd the railroad cut oft' his leg.' ' Well ? ' ' Well, he got Lawyer Jinkinx to sue bhe company, and they compromised him with flSO.' ' Well ?' ' Well, sir, whab do you think Lawyer Jinkins did '!' ' Have no idea.' ' Well, his charges in bhe case wer« £175, bub as Jones only f;ot, X'lfjO, blessed if he didn't let him oft' the odd £20, taking i'150 only for himself.' ' Tho train's coming,' said the proachor, and he was glad of it. All t|i« way he travelled he mused on Lawyer Jinkins' kind heartodness, but h.e did not nee how Jo get matter for. a charity sermon out of -\» JUSTIFIED. W. A RKroKTKR recently witnessed an amusing incident ab a railroad station in New Jersey A waiting passenger stopped over to Min counter where newspapers, knick-knack,', and tobacco were sold, nnd bought » cignr This hs lighted, and strolled composedly aboub the room, Presently tlm porter of bhe place approached him, and, with emphatic Hibernian brogue, naked : . ' Can you rude?' 'Quito fairly,' replied the pussenger. ' Why.' 'Then what does that sign rade?' demanded the porter, pointing to one on bhe ticket-seller's box. ' 'No smoking,'' responded the pilgrim in a doliheinlf uhir. ' Well, iliiii.V tho rule, d'ye moind.' 'See hero,' said' the tranegreasor, 'can you read';' 'Indade I can, share.' ' Well; what; doon Unit big sign by the ! Ad^rtTaouw!ii7»|^le.,,|jie King of Club* ?J. , ?l ?:'. ;'.. _^ ? * ? „.„ ? ' _'_ '\\\ *' ? 7 r~ ? ? ||-f:.:-v- a- WIFE'S RUSE (Tnn following chipping is from a London newspaper half a century old :— Mr. Blounb, a tailor, summoned a man named Brown for 32s. . The plaintiff said tluib lie made tlia man n pair of buckskin trou.«ors. for which he charged him £1 12s. Thoy wero worn by Brown, and thoy fitted well. Latterly, howovcr, the defendant had diminished very much in sizo, and ho now wished witness to take back the goods, and positively refuted to pay for thorn. : Tho defendant, who looked stupidly dull, produced the trousers, and throwing them on tho tablo in front of the commissioners, said, ' I'll pub them on, and you'll say they fit mo like a sack.' (Long-liter.) Mr. Dubois: You' are not going to make* dressing-room of this court, 1 can tell you. Whab noxb.ipray? ' Plaintiff (taking up bhe trousers) : Why these have been altered since he had them of mo. The seams have been opened and lob oub. , A jolly and respectable looking female here broke into a hearty laugh. Mr. Dubois : M attain, you must retire if you conduct yourself in this way. The lady apologised, and, stepping for ward, sajdshe was the wife of the defendant!, and could no longer resist telling what she knew of the affair. The fact is, sho observed my husband nix weeks ago joined the teetotalers. He then looked hearty and well, but now he is only bhe shadow of what he was. We were in bhe habit of browing — he liked good ale, and so did I, and do so still; bub because he chose to leavo off drinking it, lie insisted on my refraining from it, and sold our brewing utensils. Every day afterwards he lost his flesh, and in order to induce him to believe that he was on the brink of the grave, I let out not only the seams of these trousers, but others, and by those means I have prevaled upon him to purchaio brewing materials and breSv again. For bhree days he has been drinking alo again, and ho is now a different man. (Much laughter.) ' Defendanh : Why did you nob bell me this before, Sarah ? Wile (laughing immoderately) : I did nob wish you bo die, dear, and ib wa*s my duty to resort to any stratagem to preserve your health. (A laugh.) Defendant (looking serious) : That's all very well, but I did not come here thinking I should be made a laughing stock of. (Hoars of laughter. ) Mr. 'Dubois : You wife, it would seem, has saved your life, and you ought to be very thankful. Wife (still laughing) : I should not have exposed him had I not thought Mr. Blount would have lost his money. Mr. Dubois : You have done perfoefcly right. The defendant must pay instanter. ? The 'defendant, with a rueful look, paid the money, and made his oxit amidst the jeers of all present, amongst whom was no one more forward thau his better half. ' GOING TOO FAR. ' Havk yon any cold victuals ?' inquired the rusty-looking pilgrim, 'to spare for a1 hungry- ? ' '. i-. ?? 'No I' snapped the woman at the kitchen door. ,- : . ' I'orhaps I was wrong in joking for cold victuals,' he rejoined, 'apoUigeUcally.' . ' If I had suggested tencleJoin steak rwiblr baked potatoes, madam, ift^V s,cup of cocoa \- ° You wouldn't have got that, either.' ' H'm ! My own preference, 1 acknow ledge, would have bceii roast turkey with cranberry sauco, chicken salad, ; a morsel of Roquefort, cheese and French coffee, with, perhaps, a glass of ? ' 'It. wouldn't have done you any good- to ask for that oitlior, you impudent, insulting vagabond !' You oughb'togo to work I' ?;. 'Madam,'' interposed tho rusty tourist, with dignity, -' I. can ? overlook your total inability to satisfy the gastronomic require ments of a man with a somewhat fastidious appetite, bub when you -apply offensive epithets and offer unsolicited advice you are presuming' altogether too far. Madutn, good morning !' And as he got around the ungle of bhe kibclien he could plainly hear the dipperful of hot water strike the wall of the house opposite with a horrible swish. OIL ON THE TROUBLED WATERS. The hands of the clock were marking the hour of twetye midnight. She had been waiting for two hours for him; hor anger, from it gentlesimmering, gradually increased in temperature until the boiling point was reached. She was ready for him. As ho entered the room with a half idiotic, half good-natured smile on his faco sho opened liermoiit.li to pour out Mie accumulated and thoroughly heated contents of the reservoir of her wrath, but before she could get out a drop he said — ' See 'ere, lovey, d'ye think marriage's a lottery ?' She was so taken about thub she could only murmur inarticu lately that, sho didn'b know. ' Ib ain't,' he said. ' How c'n marriage bo a lottery when a f'ler has only to look 'roiinn him to pick oub the firsb prize, same's I did ! No totter' 'bout that. Sim brought him his slippers, mid five minutes later the was opening a box of sartliuos for him wiMl'hiJ best razor. . /S^v OBSERVATIONS. In a friendship betivson two Wiimnii chore is either a man at the beginning or will beat the end of it. A (jiiarrel between two persons assumes its most, sorious aspect wh en a third party comes in who has nothing to do with it, Revenge is sweeb, 'bub foregoing ib is swfioter. TIib rural visitor who comes to the city green usually goes out. nf it. blue. The egotist is in most cases the man who has the least reason to be one. Distrust makes miserable those whochorish ib. Confidence is a good thing to have, even if it is sometimes abused. The desire for social supremacy is one of tho most pitiable weaknesses in human nature. Many of the disappointment* ol life come from mistaking acquaintances for friendif. - . PROOF AGAINST LITTLE SURPRISES. ' Why did you not have me called ab six o'clock ?' roared the commqrciul traveller, as ho faced tho dazzling hotel clerk and banged his fist on the rcgiHter. '??1 dirt,' retortud tho unabashed dav.zler. ' You ili-l not, sir.' 'I tell you I did.' ' You did not, sir, and 1 c»n prove ib.' 'No, you can'b provo it.' ' Yes, lean,' ?' Prove |t, then,' ' Well, you did nob have me called ab six o'clock, because I did nob leave word bo be called at. all ;' and l.he commercial l.ravellcr grinned, and looked lor bhe hotel clerk to blush and apologist!. liul h« looked in vain. A little thing lilio tlmfc u-onMti'fc even make a hotel clork't eyelid H utter. BURGLARS OUTWITTED. A N&w; burglar alarm lias recently been probected which contains many novel features. In setting the alarm the peinon who locks up t.ho premises presses a button on the side of the door, which in burn operates a drop that, closes tho necessary circuit for putting the alarm in working order for, for .the night. a After this is done no ons can enter the building without running the alarm, evo^if the wires leading to bhe door and window springs are in full view. If the alarm be connected with a police dation or the owner's house, the circuit, if : ?.ut, causes an audible alarm on the outside j if the buiining. 'T-uifllrtij.^fcjuutL; and then I heard . . EOW HE LOST HIS TAIL. .... ' Gentoemrn-,' said a tall' ken'tilcldan',' hauling up, and leisurely taking his scab in a vacant chair, -'.don't mako fun of .tlmfc thar dog, if you please,' and with '-a face of .pro found melanoholy and touching pathos he added,' unless you want to hurt: his feel ings.' ?? ?? ?????. ?.??;?;. ? -.- ' ?-:. :.-?.'? .. :?:?:?-? I ' Oh, of course not, sir, if you dislike it. But, pray, how did he como to be curtailed of his fair proportions ?' ' Well, gentlemen, l'JItell yon,' said the Kentuckian, replenishing tho large hollow of his cheek with a quid of tobacco. . ' Thab briar dog was bhe greatest b'ar hunter of Kaintuok. A few years ago, I used to take my rille and old Riptearer on' an afternoon and think nothing of killing ten b'ars. One cold day in the middle of winter, bein' troubled a good deal wibh an old fie-b'ar that used to carry off our pigs by the dozen, I started oub with Riptoarer, determined to kill tho old rascal or dio in the attempt. Well, arter we'd gone about two mile? through the woods, wo all of a sudden came nghb smack on bhe old b'ar, wibh his wife and bhree cubs. I know'd I couldn't shoot. 'em all ab once, and I know'd if I killed either of the old 'uns, 't'other would mako at me, for I could see bhey wero morbal hungry. So says I, 'Rip, whab'll we do? Rip knowed whab I was sayin', and without waibin' bo hold any confab aboub ib, he guv a growl and pitched righb in among bhem. Wibh bhat I leb fly at bhe she-b'ar, cos I know'd she 'was the worst when the cubs was about. Over sho rolled as dead as a mackerel. Rip he hitched on the Jie-b'ar, and bhey had a mosb mighty bussle for aboub five minutes, when bhe b'ar began to roar enough like blue murder. I ran up bhen, and knocked his bruins out with the butt end of my rifle. The cubs were se skeered and cold thab I killed 'em all in about two minutes with my knife. But Rip took en terrible about my knockin' off bhe old b'ar on the head. At fust I thought he was going to tackle on me, and says I, ' Rip, that's downrighb ungrateful.' Wibh that, ho sneaked off in a huff, but I could easily see ho was terribly mad yet. Well, I left tho b'ars all on tho ground, concluding to call b'ack wibh bhe neighbours for 'em as soon as I could let 'em Wlow. On bhe way home, Rip kep ahead of me. Every bime lie thought how I killed the old ba'r, his tail would stand right up on hend— he was so powerful mad. It was gettin' on to night, and began bo grow freezin' cold. About half-a-mile from the house, Rip he rome to a halt, thinkin' he'd have another look back fn bhe direction of the b'ars. The scent of 'cm raised his dan der wuss than ever. His tail stood right squar up, as stiff as a hoe handle. Jusb then ib came on colder than ever, and poor Rip's taii friz exactly as it stood. I was in a bad fix— I had no fire to thaw it. While I was thinking what I'd do to get it down again, a big buck deer sprung up and darted right over a fence about fifty yards ahead. Rip did not wail, to be tolil whar to go, but pitched evil-bent, alter the doer. I cracked away with my rifl--, and jusb raised bhe fuzz between his horns. As soon as Rip got to the fence, he thought ho'd make a shore cut.sohc dashed right through, but kin tail was no brittle it broke oft between Hie mils. Poor old Rip was done for good. He never had a tail to show after thab— ib broke his spirit as well as his tail, and blink's how he came to lose it. And now, gentle men, I'm gobtin' a little dry, and if you have no objection, we'll take n horn.' THE MAN WHO KISSED THTE HREE GIRLS. A younct man who. boarded at a house where there were soveral coy damsels who seomed to imagine men as terrible creatures, and whom it was an unpardonable ; sin to look at, was ; one afternoon accosted by an acquaintance and asked 'whab he thought of the young ladies wibh whom ho boarded. He replied thab bhey were very shy and reserved. 'So they are,' added the obher ; 'and so much so that no gen tloman could get near enough to tell the colour of their oyes.' ' That may be,' said the boarder. ' Yet I will undertake thai . I will kiss them all three without any trouble.'. ' Thab you cannot do,' cried his friend. The obher was positive, and invited his friend to the house to witness his tiiumphj iney entered tiio room together. Tho girls were all at home, and all lookod as' prim and demuro as a mustard pot. Our hero assumed a. very grave, aspect, even -'to dojecbion, and having looked M'istfully ab bhe clock, breathed a sigh as deep us algebra. His singular deportmonbabtracbed tho attention of tho girls, who- cast their oyes slowly toward his countomuice. l'or: coiving the impression hs had1 mado, he turned to his companion — and said : ' It wants three minutes of the time.' ' 'Mr. C., pray what do you speak of.' . ' Nothing,' answered he, in a lugubrious tone, ' but that last night a spirit, appeared to me !' (Here bhe girls rose upon their feeb and came near.) 'The spirit, gave me warning thab £ 6lrBuM die exactly ab twelve o'clock, and yon sse ib wants bub halfa minute of tho bime.' The girls burned pale, and bheir hidden sympathies were ab onco awakened. They stood chained to the spo.t looking alternately at the cluck and at the unfortunate youth. ? He then walked up to the oldest of the girls, and, taking her by her hand, bade her a solemn . farewell. He also imprinted a kiss upon her trembling lips, which she did not attempt to resist. Ho then bade the second and third farewell in the same mariner. His object was achioved, and Ab that moment the clock struck twelve. ' Hereupon ho looked around surprised and ejaculated : 'Who would have though!; thab nn apparition could tell such a lie ?' SIMPLE, BUT EFFECTIVE. A certain skilful practitioner had a numbor of charity patients, whom he faith fully attendod as occasion required. Among these patients was old Martha, a well preserved relic of 'befo' do wah.' Being up bo all bhn ways of hor white neighbours, she took bhe 'grippe,' and immediately sent for her medical adviser. ' Why, Aunt Martha, you don't mean to toll me that you're under the weather,' 'I'se way undah it, ductah — away undah ''Well, what is ib?' 'Idoanknow what ib is, doctali, bub I got it pow'ful bad,' The doctor readily comprehended the trouble, and writing out the proper pre scription, he gave ib to the excellent but aching Martha, and told her to put it in a tumbler of water, stir it well each time, and take a teaspoonsful three timos a day. Then, assuring her thab ho would look after hor attentively, he departed. The next day he found his patient much improved, and by I the third day she was in an advanced stage of convalescence. . ' Oh, doctali,' she exclaimed, 'yo, mod'eine am simply pow'ful, I stir it and tako it jes' like you say, and I feel better ebery time.' ' Well,' said he, ' perhaps you won't need any more. Let mo Hee how much you have left.' Old Martha lumborcd across bhe room, and broughb from tho shelf a bumblar half full of water. ' Why, whab's bins ?' he inquired. . . ' Why, dab doctah, is bhe med'eino yo1 lef me, and I war very cahful bo stir Ib every time jos' like you say.' ' Yes ; well, Martha, I don't betteve you'! require any more of ib. The facb is, I didn't now mysolf how powerful ib was.' j And fishing out his prescription,- which was rather the woieo for its throe days' bath, h« wont away imprassed with the belief thab the mysteries of meditine had nob half boon ' told. OiutvsaNi'iiUMHMS, 'how fair they blew. ; While all the rost, are dummies I* WYj-ji shortly our olitysitnU'tmums ;;..,tI0W I SCALPED MR. MARTIN. -' - Tiiib was bhe way it happened. I was playing Indian in bhe yard. I had a woodon tomahawk and a wooden scalping- knife, and '.ft bow-'n-arrow.. I was drsssed up in father's old. coat burned inside oub, and had six ohicken -feathers in my hair. I was playing I was Green Thunder, bhe Comanohe Chief, and was hunting for pale faces in bho yard. Ib was jusb after tea, and I was having a nice time,' ' . Mr. Travers came, and he said, ' Jimmy, whab are you .up to now I' ? ' So I told him I was Green Thunder, and was on the war-path. Said lie, '.Jimmy, I think I saw Mr. Mar tin. on his way here. Do you think you would mind scalping him ?' : I said I wouldn't scalp him for nobhing, for, that would he cruelty; bub if Mr. Travers was sure Mr. Martin was the enemy f the Red Man, then Green Thunder's heart would ache for revenge, and I would scalp him with pleasure. ': Mr. Travers said bhab Mr. Martin was a notorious onemy and oppressor of tho Red Man, and he gave mo sixpence, and said that as soon as Mr. Martin should come, and be sitting comfortably in the drawing-room, I was bo give the war-whoop and scalp him. , Well, in a, few minutes Mr. Martin came. He and Mr.. Travers and Susan sat in the -drnwingroom, and talked as if they were all so pleased to see each other. I stole softly into the room, and got belling Mr. Martin. When I had got about six feet from him I gave a warwhoop and jumped ab him. . - I caught hold of his scalp-lock with one hand,, and drew my wooden scalping-knife round his head with the other.: .-? ' 1 never gob such' a fright in my whole lifo. The knife was so blunt that ib wouldn't huvo cut, butter ; bub, true as I sib here, Mr. Martin's whole scalp came off in my hand. I thought I had killed him.and I dropped his scalp and said:— ' For mercy's sake, I didn'b mean to do ib, and I'm awfully sorry.' ; Bub ho had jusb caught up his scalp, stuffed ib in liis poolcefc,' jammed his hat on his head, and walked off saying to Su«an : — -.-? : ?. ' I didn't come here to be insulted by a little wretch that deserves bhe gallows.' Mr. Travers and Susan ; never said a word until he had- gone, and then they laughed until bhe noise brought fatlier in to ask what was' the matter. ' When he heard what had happened, instoad of laughing he. looked very angry, and said ' that Mr. Martinis a worthy man, my son, and you may come upstairs with me.' ? - , . If you've ever been a boy; you know wh*» happened upstairs, and I need'nt say any moro on a very painful subject. I didn't mind it so much, for I thought Mr. Marbin would die, and bhen I would be pub in gaol and hung ; bub before she went bo bed busan came up and whispered through bho door that it was alright, that Mr. Martin was made that way, so that he could 3o taken aparb easily, and thab I didn'b hurt him. , I shall havo to stay in my room to-day, and eat bread and water, and whab I say is, that if men are made with -scalps that may come oil' any minute if a boy, touches them, ib isn't fair to blame the boy. DAVIE'S DEVICE. Resourceful parsons are to be found to all ranks; They have filled tAi-v.-os^ani' made themselvM iiames as diplomatists, bub perlwps their greatest triumphs are in humbler walks of life. Poverty is a special incentive to. the. arts of the born contriver. Caleb Balderstone is a specimen of a past) master of tho craft ; and every poor house mother, as Burns knew well, has occasion t» study the same art in her weekly efforts to ' gar auld claes look amaisb as well a» new.' ' , There is a story of a very poor Scotch minister, who was surprised by a party of aristocratic visitors while working in his miinse garden in raimentof extremely shabby, ' nob lo say 'tattered, condition. Lifting up his eyes he beheld the ' Yirl's '' Earl's) carriage approaching- escape was impossible, and yet the minister was. extremely reluctant to make his first appear anc« befoie bhe chief of his flock in such a disrepUbable array. ? : ' Uh, Davie, inon, what will I do?' ho oxciaimcd to his faithful factotum, who was working, by. his side. , ,, . , ,'l)o,fiir?' said Davie, .with a. resource .worthy of Caleb Balderstbno himself; ' Why, ust bide where ye are, and lob thorn takeyo for t'h'ejiotato bogle ' (t'.e.,'scarcecrow). -The minister promptly extended his arms, Davic crushed a dilapidated hat over his face, his otlior raiment exactly suited thet character; and standing; motionless, tho minister -. posed i ' as . the f potato.: bogls, while Davie .dismissed the visitors with bho reply that 'tho minister was no to tho hoost).' .,.-., THE LATEST GHOST STORY; There comes from bhe town of Baldwind a story of gruff, square-edged old Squire Thompson, one of tho first farmers of the neighbouring 'town of Morefcon March, and father of bhe late Dr. Thompson, for many years a prominent physician in thab part of the world. It was a local saying aboub Moroton that Squire Thompson had never been scared. Many plots had been laid by' practical jokers, bud all had come to naught. Finally aoine wags made a last offorb. One nijjht Squire -Thompson- attended a meeting ab which bhe festivities wore somewhab pro longed. Ib was midnight before he started for home, his way being by a path through the cemetery. The wags had been busying themselves in digging a big hole across this path, and ae bhe 'Squire proceeded home he suddenly sbumbled in. Ab tho same instant a sheebed figure appeared on the edge of bho hole and exclaimed in measured, sepulchral bones : ' What are you in my grave for 1' 'What nre you oub of ib for at this time of night ?' retorted the doughty old 'Squire, as: he scrambled pub and gave the'ghosb' such a resounding smack on bhe head bhab, lie knocked him incontinently into tho hole, where he lay. some time, pondering sadly on the mutability of human affairs. QUEEN ELIZABETH'S NEW YEAR'S \- GIFTS. Quf.cn Elizabeth supplied herself wibh wardrobe and jewels principally from New Year's gifts. Dr. Drake has given a lisb of somo nf these presents. Among bhe items we find the following : — '?Mosb of the peers and peeresses of the realm, the bishops, the chief officers of State, Her Majesty's household, oven as low as the master of the pantry and head cook, all avo Her Majesty a' Chrisbmas-box, con sisting either of a sum of money, jewels, trinkotf, or wearing apparel. The Arch bishop of Canterbury usually gave £40, the Archbishop of York £30, and the other prelnfces from £10 to £20. The peers gave in the same proportion, whilst the peeresses presented rich gowns, petticoats, shifts, stockings, garters, kc. Her physician pre sented her with a box of foreign sweetmeats, and from her apothecary she received a box of ginger candy and a box of green ginger. Airibroise Lupo gave her a box of lube strings, and Smith, the, royal dustman, presented Hor Majesty with two bolts of cambric.' A Coming Mathematician.- .' What nrs you doing there, J.ohnny?' enquires the sohool teacher of ??!-.*he' scholar who had jurb taken off his shoes andfctookings. 'I want to know how many are feurUroci five. I've run out my fingers, sft I'm osum- mg on my toes.' Hard to Understand.— Mrs. Kurtc. (reari* ing) : ' Vast strides have lately been invtr', I in the-improvemonb of gowns.' Mr. Kurtz : 'I don't see how very vac i stride can be made in lh» tight rJcirt* h.1 WWO£ 