GUiMffea' © C^mmm Black Beautv. BY A. SEWELL. PART I. OHAPTEB XIX. — ONLY IGNORANCE. I do not know how long I wa3 ill. Mr Bond, the horsa doctor, catne every day. One day he bled me ; John held a pail for the blood ; I felt very faint after it, and thought I should die, and I believe they all thought so too. Ginger and Merrylega had been moved 1UUV tUJJ.O UlU.l OLMU^O) OV/ UUUU JL. UtlgUU *'t- quiet, for the fever made me very quick of hearing ; any little noise seemed quite loud, and I could tell everyone's footsteps going to and from the house. I knew all that was going on. .One night John had to' give me a draught; Thomis Green came in to help him. After I had taken it and John had made me as comfortable as he could, he said ho should stay halfan hour to see how the medicine 'settled. Tlinmaa nair) Ko wmiirl c'hn.Tr vei -hi' liim crt they went and sat down on a bench that had been brought into Merrylegs's stall, and put down the lantern at their feet that 1 might not be disturbed with the light/ ; For awhile both men sat silent, and .then ?Tom Green said in a low voice, ' I wish, -John, you'd say a bit of a kind word to Joe. The boy is quite broken hearted— he can't eat his meals and 'he can't smile. He says he knows it was all his faul', though he is sure he did 'the best h-3 knew, and he says if Beauty dies no' one will ever speak to him again ; it goes to my heart to hear him ; I think you might give him just a word— he is not a bad boy.' After a short pause, John said slowly, ' Yo;i must not be hard upon me, Torn.' I kiow he meant nohirin, I never said he did'; I know he is noo a bad boy, but you seel am sore myself; that horse is' the pride of my heart, t) eay nothing of his. hpirif» Bi'mVi a Favrmrif« wif.h fihf- mn.Hfcp'r nrtA mistress ; and to think that his life may be flung away in this manner, ia more than I can bear ; but if you think I am hard on the boy, I will try to give him a goad word to-mimw — that is, I mean if Beauty is better.' /' Well, John ! thank you, I knew you did not wish to be too hard, and I am glad you see it was only ignorance.' ' - 'John's voice almost startled me as he answered '.Only ignorance '. only ignorance'}. how cafn you talk about only ignorance ? don't you know that it is the worst thing in fho TOnrlri novf. fcn roinl/orinaca —anr what does the mo3t mischief heaven only knows If people can say, Oh ! , I did nob know, I did not mean any harm, they think it is all right. I suppose Mlartha M ulwash did not mean to kill that baby, 'when she doeeiit with Dalby and soothing syrup's j ? but s'ie did kill it, and was tried 'for man 1 W4C»U^ U|/«lt ? ' And serve her right too,' said Tom. ' A woman should not undertake to nurse ' a tender little child without knowing wh'ab , is good and what is bad for it.' 'Bill Starkey,' continued John, 'did npt mcaa to frighten his brother into Jits when he dre3sed up like a ghost and ran. after him in the moonlight; bu't- he did;' and that bright handsome little fellow, that might have been the pride of any mother's heart, is just no better than~an idiot', and never will be if he lives to Jse t ighty years old. You were a good deal cue up yourself, Tom, two weeks.s^o, when those young ladies left your hothouse door open, with a frosty east wind blowings right in ; you said it killed a good many of your, plants^ - J 'A good many!' said Tom. 'There' was net one of the tender cuttings that was not nipped off ; I shall have to ttriko all over again, and the worst of it is that t don't know where to go to gf t fresh ones. I was nearly mad when I canw in and saw what was done.' ' And yet,'* said John, *' I am sure the young ladies did nob mean it -it was only ignorance,!'' j. neara no more or tnis conversation lor the medicine did well and ' sent me to sleep, and m the morning I ftlb much bit ter : but I often thought of John's words when I came to know more of the wor'd. CHAPTER XX —JOE GREEN. ' Joe Greonwent on very well, be' Jexrnfd quickly, and was so attentive and careful, that John began to tru&t; him in manv things ; but' as I have siid, he was small of hij Bgp, and it was seldom that he was allowed to exercise either Girger or me ; but it so happened one morning that John was out with 'Justice' in the laggage cart, and the master wanted a note to be taken immediately to a 'gentleman's house, about three mils distant, and sent his orders for Joe to saddle me and take it ; adding the caution that he was to ride steadily. The note was delivered, and we were quietly returning till we came to the brick field ; here we taw a cart heavily laden with bricks; the wheels had stuck fast' in the stiff mud of some deep ruts; and. tuo uai uer nat buuuoiu^ auu nuggiiiff due two horses unmercifully. Joe palled ug. It was a sad eight. There were the two horfes straining' and struggling with all their might to drag the cart out, bub they could not move it; the sweat streamed from their legs and flinks, their sides heaved, and every mu3cle was strained, whilst the man, fiercely pulling at the head of the forehorse, swore and flashed most brutally. ' Hold hard,' said Jor, '' don't go on flogging the horses like that ; the wheels are so- stuck that they cannot move the cart.' The man took no heed, but went orl lashing. ' Shop ! pray stop,' said Joe. .'? I'll help you to lighten the cart— they can't move it now.'. ' ' - ? ? ' }? ' ' Mind vour. own husineHS. voii itnnnrlAnf. young rascal, and I'll mind mine.' The man. was in a towering passion and tbe ?worse for drink, and laid on the whip again. Joe turned my head, and the next moment we were going at around gallop towards the house of the master brickmaker. I cannot say if John would have approved of our pace, but Joe and I were' both of- one mind, and so angry that we could not have gone slower. ' ' ' , The house stood close by the roadside. Joe knocked at the door and shouted, ' Hulloa ! is Mr Clay at home ?' The door was opened, and Mr Clay himself came out. ' Hulloa, young man ! you seem in a hurry; any orders from the Squire this morning ?' . . . ' No, Me Clay, but there's a fellow in your brickyard flogging two horses to death., I told him to stop and he wouldn't ; I said I'd help him to lighten the cart, and ne woman c ; so x ve come to ten you ; pray, sir, go.' Joa's voice shook with ex citement. , ' ' Thank ye, my lad,' said the man, run ning in for his hat; then pausing for a moment — ' Will you give evidence of what you saw if I should bring the fellow up before a magistrate ?'.' 'That I will,' said Joe, 'and glad too.' The man was gone ; and we were on our way home 'at' a smart trot. ..' Why, what's the -matter with youj Joe ? you look angry all over,' said John; as tne ooy nung mmseir irom tne saddle. r ' I am angry all over, I can tell you,' .said the boy, and then in hurried 'excited words he told all that had happened. Joe was usually such a quiet gentle little fellow, that it was wonderful to see him so roused-. ' Eight, Joe ! you did right, my boy, whether the fellow gets a summons or not. Many folks would have ridden by and said twas not tneir business. to interfere. .Now I say, that with cruelty a~d oppression, ifc is everybody's business to interfere when they see it ; you did right, my boy.' . Joe was quit 0. calm' -.by this time, and proud that John approved of him, and he cleaned out ray feet, and rubbed me down with a firmer hand than usual. , They were just goin^ home to dinner when the footman came down to the sbable to say, that- Joe was wanted directly in master's private room; there was a man brought up for ill-using horses/ and Joe's evidence was wanted.- The boy flushed up to his forehead, and hia eyes sparkled. .' They shall have it,' said he. ' Put ybufa'elf a bit straight,' gaicl Jobhi Jog gave a pull at his necktie and a twitch at his jacket, and was off in a moment. Our master being one of the couuiry magistrates, cases were often brought) to bitn to settle or say what should be done. In the stable we heard do more for some time, as it was the men'B dinner hoar, bub. when Joe came next into the stable I saw;; he was in high spirits j he gave me a good- natured slap and said, ' We won't see such;,things done, will we, old fellow?' We heard afterwards, that he had given his evidence so clearly, and the hors-s -were in such an exhausted state, bearing- marks of such brufal usuage, that the carter was com mitted to take his trial, and might possibly be sentenced to two or three months in prifon. It was wonderful ^whab a change had come over Joo. John laughed and said, he had grown an iach taller in thab woek, and I believe he had. He was 311st as kind and gentle as before, but there was more pur pose and determination in all that he did —as if he had jumped at onco from a boy into a man. CHAPTER XXI. — THP PARTING. I had now lived in this happy place three years, but sad changes were about to come over us. We heard from time to time that our mistress' was ill. .The doctor was often at th.9 house, and the master looked grave and anxious. Then we heard cnac sne muse leave mr nome at; ones ana go to a warm country for two or three yeare. The news fell upon the household like the tolling of a deatli beJl, everybody was sorry ; but the master began directly .to make an angements for breaking up His establishment and leaving England. We used -n hear it. talked about; in bur sfcahla j indeed, nothing else was talked about. John went about his work silent and sad, and Joe scarcely whistled. There was a great deal of coming and going ; Giriger and I had full work. The first of the party who went were MissJesaie and Florie,with their governess. They came to bid us good-bye. They hugged poor Merrylegs like an old friend,1 and so indeed he was. Then we heard _.i__i i _ .1 * _. ? . __ _ _ _T n _ n /r i wnac naa Deen acraugea ror ua. Master had sold Ginger and me to his old friend the Earl of W ? , for he thought we should have a good place there.1 Merrylegs he had given to the Vicar,' who wa3 wanting a pony f r Mrs Bloomfieldj but it was on the condition, that he should never be sold, and when he was past work' that he should be shot and buried.* ! Joe was engaged to take care of him, and to neip in was nouse, bo x uiougnt inaj Merrylegs was well off. John bad the offer of several good places, but he said he would wait a little and look round. , The eveningbefore they left, the master catne into the stable to give some directions and to give his horses the last pat. He seemed very low- spirited ; I knew that by his voice. I believe we horses can tell more by the voice than many men can. ?'Have vou decided what to do. John ? ' he said. ' I find you have not accepted either of those offers.' -'No, siivl'have made up my mind that if I could get a situation with socne first rate colt-breaker and horse-trainer, that it would' be the right thing for me. Many young animals are frightened and spoiled by wrong treatment, which need nob be, if the right man took them in hand. I always get on well with Horses, and if I could help some of them to a fair start, I should feel as ^t' I was doing'some good. What do you think of it, sir ???' VI don'c know a -man anywhere,' said master, ' that i should think so suitable for it as yourself. ¥ou understand horses, and somehow they understand you, and in ti Jie you might set up for youJtself ; I think you could not do belter. If in any way Lean help you, write to me ; I shall speak to'my agent in London, and leave your character with him.' Master gave John the name and address, and then he thanked him for his long and faithful service ; but that was too much for Joha. ' Pray don't, sir, I can't bear it ; yon and my dear mistress have done so much for me that I cauld never repay it ; but we shall never forget you, sir, and please God we may some day. see mistress back again like herself ; we must keep up hope, sir.' Master gave John his baud, but he did not speak, and they both left thre stable. - ? ? ? s- The last sad day had come ; the footman aud the heavy luggage had gone off the day before, and there was only master and mistress and her maid. Ginger ? and I brought the carriage up to the Hall door for the last time. The servants brought out cushions and rugs and .-, many other things, and when all were arraagpd, master came down the stepB carrying the mistress in his arms (I was on the side next the house and could see all th«it went on); he placed her carefully in the cairiage, while iha house servant a stood round crying. I ' ' Good bye again,' be said, ' we shall not forget any of you,' and he got in—-' Drive on, John.' Joe jumped up, we trotted 'slowly through the Park, and through the village, where the people wero standing at their docr3 to have a last look and to. say, ' God bless them.'* When we reached the railway station, I think mistress walked from the carriage to the waiting room. I heaid her say in her own sweet voiee, 'Good bye, John, God bless you.' I felt the rein twicb, but John made no answer, perhaps he could not spoak. As Eoon as Jce had taken the things out of the carriage, John called him to stand by the horses, while he T?enfc on the platform. Poor Joe ! he stood dose to our heads to hide his tears. Very soon the train came puffing up into the station ; then two or three minutes, and the, doors wore slammed to ; tbe guard whistled and the traia glided away, leaving behind it oDly clouds of white smoke, and some very heavy hearts. When it was quite out of sight, John came back—' We shall nevpr see her again,' he said, 'never.' He took the reins, mounted the box, and with Joe drove slowly home ; but it was not our home now. (To be continued.) 