SPOBTESTG NOTES. The programme of tie Ballarat Miners' Turf Club meeting to lie held on Iriday, 27til inst., has be«o issued and nomina tions close- uex'.'fciloudaj- evening. It contains the following events, viz.: Trial Stakes, "10 sovs, about six furlongs; Selling Hurdle Eace, 15 soys, about one mile and :t half ; Selling Flat Race. 10 sovs, ; about four furlongs; Handicap Steeplechase, 20 sovs,. two miles and a quarter; October Handicap, 15 sovs, seven furlongs and a half ; Time Handi cap Trot, 10 sovs, about three miles. ' ' Some good jumping contests took place last week at the Benalla Agricultural Show -when Lubra, who cleared 6ft lOiu at the Itoval Agricultural Society's exhibition, won the first" prize, having successfully crossed the bar at a height of 6ft 6in, whilst Highlander, belonging to Mr E. Hart, took second honors at a height of 6ft 3in. The Terang Eacing Club have decided to hold their usual attractive. race meet ing ou New Year's Day, and have voted £300 to be offered ixfstakes. The events to .be competed for willbe similar to those embraced in the programme so success fully carried put on List New Year's Day, with the exception that a Time Handicap Trot for .£30 will be substituted for the Maiden Trot. The officials appointed for the next race meeting of the club are Starter, Mr P. Tunne ; judge, Mr H. P. Coy; handicapper, Mr "W. E." Dakin; elerk of the scales/ Mr Jfeil Gillespie ; - clerk of the course. Mr John Boyd. Avery satisfactory balance-sheet was submitted to the annual meeting of the Terang Eacing Club, held last Saturday, the revenue amounting to £696 12s 3d, and the expenditure to £45-1 17s, leaving a profit of £24.1 15s 5<L . .' .... In last week's notes an error occurred in the {statement that Loyalty, engaged in the Melbourne Cup event at 7st 31b, would be liable to additional weight at the discretion of the handicapper owing to the colt's winnings in Sydney. The events won by the colt were weight for asro races, not handicaps, as "was sur mised. That Loj-alty continues to "ba much faneied for the Cup is shownby the state of the betting market. The general entries for the spring meeting of the "Victoria Eacing Club commencing on the 4th of next month are in every way satisfactory and the totjil number, 790, is one more than was received last year. -The number of entries for tlxe different evonts nomina tions for which closed last Monday, arc: Maiden Plate, 24; Melbourne Stakes, 32; Hothain Handicap, 20; Coburg Stakes, 65; First 'Hurdle Eace, 24; Eailwiiy Handicap, 5S; . Kensing ton Stakes, 17; ^Nursery Handicap, ? .50; Tan Yean Stakes, 81; Fly ing Stakes, 47; Second Hurdle Eace, 34; Spring Handicap, 60; Eoyal Park Stakes, 23; Veteran Stakes, 36 ; Flem ington Stakes, 53 ; YJR.C- Handicap, 4S; Steeplechase, 16 ; Canterbury Plate, 29; Free Handicap,. 79. For the same events in'1S91, the number of entries received was S57, whilst in the preceding year the total number was 913: JTearly alithe good horses in training at the present time have: been engaged, those entered, for the weight-for-ago events including Portsea, The Admiral, Yakeel, Oamoola, Malvolio, Division, BrocHei°h, Jeweller, Loyalty, Creinorne, - Etra "Weenie, Garcon, Projectile, Pulvil, and Carnage. ..The entry of Carnase would make it appear that the Derby colt can not be in a bad way: A'London cablegram, dated 11th inst., states that at tho'-j^ewmarlcet meeting held on that date the race for the Cesarewitch Stakes resulted in a dead heat between Mr Ellis' b f Eed Eyes, by Goggles-Miss Florry, and T. Jennings' b f Cypria, by Carlton Queen of Cyprus, third position being secured-:by Mr Jersey's b m Lady Eose fcei^vby Eosebery-The Empress Maud; Ths.distanco.of the stakes referred to is 2 miles 2 furlongs and 35 yards. It was somewhat doubtful whether or not Zalinski would be a starter' for the Melbourne'Cup owing to weakness of one of his legs. /poubts were dispelled "on Monday last, when it was found that the grand five-year-old representative of Kordenfeldt - Frailty, could not stand " the severe preparation neces sary for a race for the 10,000 sovs. The test was applied by Mr C: L. M'Donald nis trainer, with the result that Zalinski was at once withdrawn from tho ZalinsH. v.-iio was purchased from Mr. "W. It. "Wilson some weeks since by Sir A. tJ. Chirnside for, it is understood, a sum of 2000 guineas, will henceforth as sume stud duties at Xewminster-park,. in the Cauiperdown district, and judging of liis substantial and symmetrical confor mation, his aristocratic lineage and rave ability on the racecourse, he ought to attsihi eminence in Uis new sphere. The victory of Matchbox in the Kemp ton-park Great Breeders' Produce .Stakes will.place St. Siiuon ahead of Isonomy in the list of winning sires this season. Last year nothing hud the ghost of a chance with tbe Duke of Portland's stallion, v/aose progeny won close on £50,000 in stakes. This year, owing to tiie great success of Isinglass, Isoi oniy sscurod a long lead, but St. Simon gradually overhauled him, and it is li'inlly likely, now that Isinglass has iitiished racing for the season, that Isonomv will catch St. Simon again. Mr "\Y. It. "Wilson, proprietor of the St. Albans stud stables, at East Geelong. owns a (laughter of St. Simon in Elsie, who won a few races in this colony.aud is now at thestud. Silver, the sire of Silver Image, who ran third to Matchbox, is tbe sire of Harmonist, now at Remington, and being trained by Mr X. Kelly, of South Australia. The sub-eoinmittee of tlio Y.E.C. have granted permits to the following jockeys j to own racehorses, viz :-J. E. Brewer, I SI. Cure}-, P. M'Gowan, and E. Power. j Last week the following thoroughbred ; horses were sent from Sydney to San ? Francisco by the steamer ITonowai, viz : : -Candid, by Splendour from Canary; I Trentola, by Trenton from Gondola; and | Luna, by Sweet William from Latona. To-morrow, the opening day of the V.A.T.C. spring meeting at Caulfieid, is virtually tho commencement of the spring racing carnival in Victoria, and some idea is obtained as to the l-acing form of many of the horses engaged in the big events on the Flemingtou course. Though finan cial matters have not haen over brisk of late years, considerable interest is taken in the Caulfieid races, and a very large gathering of spectators may this year be anticipated. First-class stock is engaged in most of tho events to be competed for, and the difficulty of picking the likely winners from among the horses which have been performing so well lately is increased. " Aster " supplies us with the following tips for the events to be decided to-morrow afternoon:-Caulfieid Stakes: Brockleigh, 1 ; Camoola, 2; Fortunatus, 3; Vakeel or Malvolio, 4. Handicap Hurdle Pace: -Patrician, 1; Goldreef, 2 ; Butcher Boy, 3 ; Sovereign or Kapo, 4. Caulfieid Guineas: Havoc, 1 ; Pounauiu, 2 ; Pulvil, 3 ; Patron or Miraculeux, 4. First Handicap Steeplechase ^Trumpeter, I ; Toprail, 2 ; Knight of tlie Garter, 3 ; Ardee or Volunteer, 4. Debutant Stakes: Lady's Maid, 1; Athala, 2 ; Forward, 3 ; Eiridsfordo or Cateran, 4. Toorak Handicap: Garcon, 1 ; Hartingfcon, 2 ; Jeweller, 3 ; Sainfoin or Wild Hose, 4. It is reported that Bonda, who ran second in tho Melbourne Cup of last year, has retired from the contest for that event this year. The football association in Adelaide is following the example-of the Victorian, association in endeavoring to prevent mis conduct on tie part of the players. On Monday evening,- at a, meeting of the association . in Adelaide,' a footballer named Carroll, late of Victoria, was dis qualified for two playing months, for using insulting language. 