,'7IP I 3 95f\U 'ITLA T. Cases of'accidelAl poisoning are in Australia fist becomiing most unlike saunlic visits, inasmuch - as they h rve I,een of late, I notice with regret, any" thing but few and far betweer. A roupls of"weeks ago, a number of shearers became ill throuogh having eaten a pudding which was impregnated with'arsenic. The explanation of the affair which was given ws.s no doubt the correct one, viz., that the pudding was cooked in a pot which had not been cleaned.since the previous season-in short since it had contained a sheep wash of which arsenic was one of the "ingredients. In this case there was an obvious want of cleanliness and =are, if we assume the facts, as stated to be true. From Brisbane now comes the news that another lot of shearers have been accidently poisoned through using salt or bread (the accounts differ as- to. which) that was impregnated with strychnine. -The name of the station is Terrick, and it is situated in the vicinity of Blackall. One man who had dined at the station some days before the others grew sick and died, and it is belieyed that his death was the result of. the poson in question. From Gilgandra,, N.S.W., comes in telligence of the sudden death of the eldest daughter of Mr James Markey, and the symptoms point to arsenical poisoning. In short, scarcely a day passes, but an account of the death or sickness, through poisoning, of some individual or indiydual?, meets.the eye. I am positively' weary of reading accounts of fatalities through doses of " Rough on Rats." Women and girls are particularly prone to consume this poison, sometimes intentionally, oftener through accident. It gets mixed up with edible stuffs, generally through gross carelessness, and the un happy victims kick out prior to eventual reposeupon Abraham's bosom. I knew a young woman who con sumed some deadly poison-which got mixed up with a curative drug which she was taking. She had to be driven in a dying state about 13 miles to see a doctor. The poor girl, as luck would have it, survived the ordeal, and ever afterwards she was careful with regard to what drugs she swallowed; and she never in future put (as she had done in the instance in question) deadly com pounds in the same drawer with salubrious drugs. The moral of all this is that people should be more care ful in handling poisonous ingredients. If they were more careful in this re spect we should be spared half' the deaths by misadventure which daily harrow us. A ctllection was made some months ago in Geelong and the surrounding district in aid of the Queensland flood sufferers. A rsum of X77 8s 2d out of the. amount of the collection, which had not been forwarded in tlie to the Brisbane committee, got locked up in one of the banks which closed for re construction. The money has been released from the octopus clutches of the bank; but as the Queensland people do not want it now, it has been dis tributed Amongst local Geelong chari ties, including Geelong Hospital,Ladies' lenevoyent Association, &c.; Theie institutions have reason to bless the precipitate forethought of the bank, which has indirectly caused their present jubilation. It is an ill wind, etc. Baby farming and the wholesale interment of oables in places other than churchyards appear to be carried out with much thoroughness in [Mel buurne. It seems to me to be becom ing quite the fashion to have a baby or two interred in one's back yard. But the subject is, after all, too lamen table and too horrible for levity. It is a matter of profound congratulation that the baby farming system is under going rigorous investigation, and the disclosures which are being made daily will stimulate renewed exertiousin the right direction. Until the system is stamped out, or reduced to a minimum of evil, no efforts should be spared on the part of the police or the superior authorities behind them, to expose its evil workings. The New South Wales Government geologist has received from Chicago, from Mir. Caine, who has charge of the geological exhibits of the exhibition, samples of a new artificial substance which has received timhe name of car bonurdum, and the hardness of which approaches that of- the diamond. If the substance be inexpensive the New South Wales Legislative. Assembly should order a bulky consignment of it, broken into lumps suitable for use as missiles, in view of possible 'hostilities in the nLegislative Chamber. Its adamantine hardness would render it invaluable considering thie well-night impenetrable nature of many of tihe skulls with which it would be likely to come in contact. On thesubject of medical advertis ing the Council of New South Wales branch of the British Medical Associa tion. has declared that "true merit never was associated with self-laud ation." This is all very fine to a certai,- degree; but the interesting fact remains that "true merit" will find itself either walked on or pushed into the dark if it doesn't elbow its way to the front of the crowd and cry aloud respecting its excellence. It is the cunning human fox who advises a rival to hide his light under a bushil. The fact that Alderman and ex. mayor Cranfield, of Young, recently entered thIe lion's den at Fitzgerald's circus is worthy of note. The worthy Alderman is to be congratulated upon his pluck; and thie estimable lion deserves high praise for Ilis thoughtful self-restraint in sparing the Alderman, for the ex mayor in question is, doubt less, like the typical Alderman,. fat and full- blooded, and therefore cal culated to make tie mouth of the average lion water. The Secretary for War declares that Australian frozen meat has been highly satisfactory as a ration for the army. This reminds me that Sir George Dibbs when in London remarked-so he says at any rate-to the Prince of Wales that the improved development in the figures of Englishwoman (an alleged fact which H.R H. had re marked upon) was due to the circum stance that Australian meat was now extensively used in thie old country. It is to blie hoped that the British soldier will not grow too corpulent for active service under the benign influence of Aust rliain mutton. TIhe ,lnconme Tax proposals have i fl.in through in the Victorian Parlia. u?'..t. If it be a good principle of the .coiioyt of tsaxation that luxuries Sshould hIe taxed, then most "unquestion I ably the proposal ought not to have been defeated, consideriy, r_. admitted on all sides, t i t of any kind is at the pre?e? laxury eajoved by onlyt. ai, minority of the* Australianii npuj The Murray has rise? of? lite t extent calcultted to i,'qilljj, dents close to its bo~s ? Murray runs under the bierfula a of Customs red-tapeam, it ino that even this gentle streauln, rise-in rebellion. The Victorian Raihry ComnmiE. ers have just had nmnufa.tured ??,7 nradhe card tables fur use in rajil carriages. The tables hva ,alre 5 been brought into requisition at Bendigo express. 11 R.H. th? pr of Wales will, no doubt, arran,& pay the colony a visit as soon ai tb intelligence reaches him that e facility for card playing is afftrde Victorian Railway trains. The question of 'ironing" dernned criminals has been debate0d i the Victorian Legislative Council. friend of mine suggests that the proi. course to pursue would be to "arlloýpý them fist and "iron" tlahematerwa. A man named Ryan fell the rwa. day off an express train in fuall ert near Broken Hill. lie escaped alm~t unhurt. Ryan must be hard to kil or else the express rmust have "bu??li considerably when it threw hdim" A psychological society fr thie di. covery of spiritlaud and the inresti. tion of ghosts has been inaugarated is Melbourne. It is to be hoped tht " ardent " spirits will not be amog. those sought after by the s?eet'. ~ , things trend now, spiritl?nd aon t South Pole will be simultaneously d. covered before long. Communications have been red.;r from Coolgardie stating thathrts costs 35s per 501bs, meat (2h ?ui salt 2d per II, bacon, is 6Q' butter, 3s, soap, 2s 6d per hian. I would lie better almost for a mt remain at home and hoird Iisld earned silver than to seek gold ueiar such conditions. 