OUTLAW AND LAWMAKER. Bv MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of 'The Head Station,' 'The Bond of Wedlock,' 'The Brother of the Shadow,' 'Passion and Policy,' 'Nadine,' 'An Australian Heroine,' aud joint author with Mr. Justin McCarthy of 'Tbe Ladies Gallery,' ' The Right Honorable,' &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. -11 rights reserved] Chapter XXX. — ' A Bush Picnic.' But in spite of the chase of Moonlight, in spite of the great Waveryng diamond robbery, which had furnished food for sensational leaders and sensational telegrams, both in England and Australia — what a fertile theme for romance- inongerirje penny-a-linerp, and society journals I — in spite of the tragio com plications of poor Elsie's love affairs aud Frank Hallett's heart-sickness and Ina Gaee's sympathetic dread of some terrible coming calamity, life on the Luya had to continue its ordinary oourse. Its ordinary course just now meant the carrying out of Mrs. James Hallett's scheme of a house-party at Tunimba, modelled on the lines of English comfort and the due subservience of Australian roughness to aristooratic sensibilities, but witb all the dramatic fitness whioh local color could impart, a house-party which should be duly chronicled in Lady Waveryng's book of travels and which should pave the way for Mrs. Jem's reception into aristocratic circles in England when that long talked of trip home should take place, and Mrs. Jem intended that it should take place before the Waveryng impressions had time to fade. Mrs. Jem had for some time been silently making preparations. She was quite as good a caterer of amusement as Lord Horace, and made lees fuss about it. The best rooms had been garnished in readiness for the Waveryngs, the bachelors' quarters had been made ready. By a diplomatic arrangement with the* dentist old Mrs. Hallett had been persuaded into taking her annual trip to Sydney a little earlier than usual, and her cottage was at the disposal of Mrs. .lames' guests. She had invited a select party to meet the Waveryngs, including the Garfits and Minnie Pryde, and such of the neighbors aB were thought either sufficiently refined for such exalted company or sufficiently amusing to afford 'copy' for Lady Waveryng. Dominic Trant had been asked and had readily ac cepted the invitation; and Blake had been asked also, but had left it uncertain whether he could pome. It was possible, he wrote, that his official duties might prevent him from being at the picnic to which he had so looked forward. He begged his kind regards to Miss Valliant and his assurances to Lady Waveryng that zeal on behalf of the recovery of her jewels had something to . do with his un certainty. ' Ab, Blake knows that be will have a bad time when the House meets in October,' said Jem Hallett. 'No doubt, Sir James, you and your colleagues mean to make capital out of this Moonlight business?' Sir James Garfit smiled sardonically and re marked drily that they had their work cut out for that summer session. He meant, for his part, to make it last as short a time as possible and he shouldn't be surprised if there was to be a general eleotion, and in that case no one knew what would happen. Thus it was understood that Sir James Garfit meant to force the hand' -of the Govern ment. Tbe summer session had been a con cession to public feeling. Nobody liked a summer session, and it meant an involved state of political business. ' Think, Em,' cried Lord Horace, ' the loss of your diamonds may be a turning point in colonial history— a defeat of the Ministry and an appeal to the country ; and all because your vanity made you insist on dragging about these historio heirlooms.' ' It was Waveryng's vanity, not mine. He didn't like the idea of my not appearing properly, and, you see, we knew we should be in the wake of the prince everywhere,' eaid Ladv Wavervne anolotretioallv. Nature had assisted Mrs. Jem Hallett in her endeavors. Never was there a more glorious September, sever had Tunimba looked more beautiful. The pale green pods of the euca lyptus flowers were opening to let out their honeyed balls, the white cedars were a mass of lilac blossoms, and the chesnut trees by the creek spread their orange clusters. Tbe young green of the quantongs shown in the scrub fringe, and here and there in the mountain gorges the flame tree shone like a burning bush. The racecourse in front of the house was brilliant green and covered with butter cups and wild violets, and the cultivation pad dockB were greener still. The flatstone peach trees were covered with bloom and so were the orange trees, making the air almost heavy with their fragrance. And roees rioted on the fences, and the wistaria was sweet, and the purple scrub plums were beginning to ripen. ' What a pity it is that Elsie is not going to be married this month,*' somebody said. ' We might be be all smothered in real orange blos-aoms.' But Elsie said nothing. She had frown strangely silent these days, and from her man ner would scarcely have been recognised as the brilliant Mies Valliant, of Leichardt's Town renown. She rarely alluded to her marriage, nor did Frank, and Lady Garfit pronounced them an extraordinary engaged couple and began to think there might after all be a chance for Rcwe. Of late, however, ehe had taken a fancy to Blake in the light of a pos- ' sible sou-in-law. She lived in hope that he might be induced to change his politics and to join Sir James Garfit's Ministry. She was very much put out that he could not be at the picnic For he was not to be there. A telegram had arrived with prepaid messenger from tbe Bean Tree to say that he was unavoidably prevented ' from joining the party. Elsie read the tele gram—Mrs. Hallett handed it to her— with a curious einkintrof her heart. She had been look ing forward with a guilty joy to the prospect of meeting him at the pianic, and yet she had told herself all the time that she was wicked to wish for him and that in reality she was anxious that he should not come. The arrangements had been made with a view to the well-being and enjoyment of the elder and timorous as well as of the rasher spirits among the young. Lady Garfit did not think camping-out was quite appropriate at her age or that of Sir James. Besides, she had not mounted a horse for years and her size was hardly adapted to equestrian feats. Lady Waveryng, of course, wished to see and do everything that was to be seen and done. Rose Gartit thought she would see how they got on — of course camping out would be sweet, but Bhe was not sure that she ought to leave her mother. Mrs. James Hallett, with her usual sense of the fitness of things, decided that it was her duty to look after her elder guests. As for Minnie Pryde, 6he was equal to all dangers and difficulties. So it was settled that they were to follow the buggy track as far as that would take them towards one of the selections in the mountains, and then a very short ride on a quiet horse, into which Lady Garfit was persuaded, would lead them to the Point Row Ravine, and there they would picnic, those so disposed returning in the late afternoon, while the rest would push on past tbe region of human trackB into the gorges and camp for the night as near aa might be to Barolin FalL It was a goodly cavalcade, the two buggies, an escort of blackboys leading spare horses, and followed by a pack of kangaroo bounde. Sam Shehan as pioneer— Sam always dour of face, but the typical stockman, in his tight moleskins turned up at the bottom, his flannel shirt, and diagonally-folded handkerchief knotted sailor-fashion on his chest, his cabbage trae hat on the baok of his head, his stockwhip over his right shoulder, the thong trailing behind him, his waist-strap with its many pouches and implements of the bash, in cluding a leather revolver case — for almost all the gentlemen carried revolvers— a precaution adopted on the Luya since the diamond robbery. There waB always a hope of an encounter with Moonlight. The half-castes rode with Shehan and kept somewhat apart from the other blackboys. Elsie regarded the trio with a sort of instinctive shrinking and Tat with that vague interest whioh in har mind associated itself with any oae or anything that was connected with Blake. Trant was there of course, on a splendid animal, mettlesome yet docile, and, as Trant said, accustomed to the range?- Lady Waveryng, in her trim hunting get-up and mounted on Jetn Hallett's best thoroughbred lady's hack, looked like an importation from the Shires. Every incident of tbe little journey gave fresh material. There was a spin after a kangaroo, and then one of the stock men killed a 'guana, a blackboy skinned it, carrying off the carcase for a camp supper, while Lady Waveryng bought the skin on the epot and declared she would have it stuffed to take home with her. Then as they skirted the scrub the bellbird rang its silvery peal and the whipbird gave its coaohman's click. Never was September day more tender and dreamy aud sweet, with always that strange exhilara tion in the air which sets pulses old and young tingling. 'I will be happy; Twill be happy,' Elsie kept repeatine to herself. She put away dark thoughts of Blake. He was goin? out of her life ; be must be thrust out of her life, and she would begin to-day to battle with her ghost. It was only a ghost — the ghost of a happiness that might have been. And here by her side was a happiness that was ; and ahead of her, in the shape of Trant, was a means of parsing excitement. She worked heraelt into a reckless mood. Why should she not aojuso-herself with Trant? He was fairly warned. ' Let us shuffle cards. Frank,' he said. ' We have been too much like Darby and Joan lately, and it isn't time for that yet. Go and flirt with Rose Garfit and I will flirt with Mr. Trant.' She laughed with something of her old spirit and Frank was not displeased, but rather wel comed the sally as a sitfa that Elsie was be coming herself again. He wa3 not jealous of Trant. ^ So Elsie called Trant to her, on some woman's pretext, and Frank dropped back to Ruse Gartit. Trant was in au odd mood, too. He did not seem disposed for pleasantry. His manner suggested to Elsie the 'villain of the piece,' and so she told him, laughing. 'Well,' he answered a little grimly, 'per- haps. Perhaps I may turn into the hero of the piece. We are only at the beginning of the play, you know, Miss Valliant.' ' Ob, no,' she said, ' we are getting to the end. The play is nearly played out, for me at least. I am to be married in a month, Mr. Trant ; and we are going to Tasmania for our honeymoon.' ' Is that settled ? ' be asked. 'It was settled yesterday,' she replied. She looked up from her horse's mane, with whioh her whip had been toying. His big black eyes were fixed on her with such a fierce devouring kind of gaze that the girl was startled and shrank. 'I wish you wouldn't look at me like that,' she 8aH. 'Why do you look at me so wildly ?' 'Because I am wild with love of you,' he said. ' It maddens me to think of you the wife of another man. I can't stand it and I will not stand it.' He did not speak for a moment or two, then exclaimed impetuously, ' You are ripht, the play is nearly played out, for me aa well as for you. In a month's time I shall have left Australia. Blake and I have agreed to dissolve partnership and to sell BarMin. ' I am glad of that, she said. He laughed in a strange, wild way. They were at the entrance to the cleft through which wound the Point Row gully, the scene of their picnic in the autumn. The buggies crawled along a rough cedar- cutter's track for a little way and then at Lady Garfit's request the ladies got out and a general shifting of baggage and dismounting and remounting took plaoe, Lady Garfit being hoisted on the safest of tbe Tunimba steeds and placed under the care of the steadiest of the Tunimba stock men, who led the lady and the horse along the bridle path to the lichen covered boulders, whence it was necessary to proceed on foot. Lady Waveryng uttered cries of delight. The place was in all the beauty of spring blossom. The rock-lilies were in flower and stuck out all over the precipice in tufts like plumes of cream colored feather?. Orchids, with white and purple tassels, hung down from the crevice?, the shrubs were nearly all in bloom, and eo was the wild begonia, and the ferns were in their glory of new pale green fronds. They picnicked on the higher plateau. It was a very sumptuous luncheon, got up in Mrs. Jem Hallett's best fashion. She was , determined that the luncheon and the expedi tion thould be immortalised in Lady Waveryng's book. A clever young 'new chum' from one of the Luya stations, who had joined the party and who had brought a Kodak, took photographs, grouping the stock men and blackboys and guests under Lady Waveryng's direotion. He insisted on includ ing Elsie in each group,' Lady Waveryng made a greater point of the blackboys. She raved about the picturesqueness of Pompo and Jack Nutty. Elsie submitted willingly to be posed. She did not want to climb higher, as Frank Hallett proposed. She had too vivid a re membrance of the ramble with Blake. And she thought of that saying of hers on which he had sadly commented. Yes ; if she had only known in the autumn what the spring would bring forth. It was a very successful day,' so everyone deolared over the quart- pot tea. Mrs. Jem had provided cream and sugar for those who had not Mr. Micawber's sense of the fitting in regard to a colonial life. Some of the black boys, with Sam Sbeban, had been sent forward towards the B&rolin; Falls early in the day to prospect for the adventurous as to the state of the track. They brought back accounts so daunting, of tbe quicksands in the creek, made more dangerous by the late rains, of the density of the spinnifex, through which it was almost impossible to force a way, of the close growth of the prickly bunyas in tbe scrub, and of the far-famed and almost fabulous ' piora' snake, said to pursue its victim, unlike its lethargic brethren, and to haunt these fast nesses of the Luya, which so frightened Mies Garfit and others of weak soul and body that the camping-out party finally dwindled con siderably below its first-planned proportions, and those who turned baok to the comforts of Tunimba were more than they who faced Bardlin- wards. It was Sam Shehan who tojd the tale of the spinnifex and the piora. The blacks had flatly refused for fear of ' Debil- debil' to go into the bunya scrub. This to them was the for bidden region, forbidden of Puyme, the Misty One, and Yoolianah, the Great Spirit. Only Jack Nutty and Pompo were of tbe emanci pated from superstitious bondage and were regarded as pariahs in consequence by their more dusky brethren. Rose Garfit went back with her mother. So did Lord Waveryng, who complained of a twinge of eoiatica. His spouse wa3 intrepidity itself. 'Take care of them all, Frank,' plaintively adjured Mra. Jem. Jem accom panied his wife. ' You have been drawing the longbow, Shehan,' said Frank to the stockman. ' It's my belief,' he added to Trant, ' that Shehan has a cattle-stealing plant up this way and is afraid of my finding it out. He has b»en dead against this expedition and throwing all the difficulties he could in the way.' If, however, Shehan was dead against the expedition, certainly Trant was wild that it should be carried through. He had wakened out of his grim and' apathetic . mood at a suggestion on Lord Waveryhg's part that the Falls should be abandoned. Jna bad timidly seconded the suggestion. She did not want Elsie to go and get lost in the bush and perhaps bitten by a snake. ~ Ina, herself,' was one of those who turned back. She was not a CD ward, but . she., was delicate and Lord Horace did not seem to want h«r company. It was quite evident that he thought Mrs. Allanby enough to take care of. Mrs. Allanby had in her way a sort of quiet recklessness. She had never looked handsomer ; the slumber ing fires of her eyes had darted into life and her pale cheeks were reddened with excite ment or sunburn. Trant swore that he would be responsible for Elsie's safety. He knew the country better than Frank— scrubbers from BarMin Gorge often got lost in Barolin scrub he explained. Lady Horace need not be alarmed. Ina kissed her sister in a melan choly way as they parted at the lichen covered boulders. Both afterwards remem bered Ina's fears. Lord Horace grumbled — Jem Hallett laughed at her. 'I'm super stitious,' said tbe little woman— 'yes, I know. But I can't help it and I shall not be happy until you all get safe back to Tunimba.' The party divided. Those turning their faces to the wilderness mounted and rode into the defile with the blackness of the scrub be fore them and Mount Luya barring tbe horizon, while the others went down along the gully, aud both parties were soon swallowed up in the gloom of the gorge. Elsie seem fated to hear the asides of Trant and his henchman. Perhaps this was because Trant kept so assiduonsly at her bridle rein. Lord Waveryng had solemnly committed his wife into Frank Hallett's keeping. Lady Waveryng did not like Trant— she htd counted, she said, on Mr. Blake being of the party, and joined her entreaties to those of her husband. Thus Elsie found herself for the nonce deserted by her legitimate protector, and it was she herself, partly out of perversity, who claimed Trant as a cavalier. The half-castes jogged ahead. Frank Hallett and Lady Waveryng followed, and then Minnie Pryde and a young bushman who showed symptoms of adoration. Mr. Craig was a well-to-do squatter, albeit rough in his ways, and Elsie thought chat Minnie meant business this time, and Bhe wondered how she should like Minnie for a neighbor on the Lower Luya, where was being built the splendid new house which she and Frank were to inhabit after their honeymoon and the English trip. Lord Horace and Mrs. AUanby were behind everyone else. Sam She han was riding sulkily in front of Elsie and Trant. ' Sam,' called out Trant, ' you'd better push ahead and see about the camp.' Sam took no notice. Trant looked annoyed. 41 Sam is not in the best of tempera,' he said. This kind «t ladies' picnio is not much in bis way. I'll go and give him a bit of my mind.' Trant sparred his horse' and the two were presently in a somewhat animated conference. It struck Elsie that it was Sfaeban who was giving his master a bit of ais mind. Elsie lagged. She looked round for Lord Horace. And then she saw what gave Joer an odd start and opened her eyes to the state of affairs. Lord Horace was bending dose to Mrs. Allanby. The faces of the two- were turned to each other. Lord Horace looked very handsome; he was evidently pleading, and Mrs. Allanby was listening to- him whh a dreamy passionate eagerness. Elsie had never seen that exDreseion upon her still reserved face. The girl knew intuitively that the woman loved her brother-in-law ; and then she saw Lord Horace bend closer still and as the two horses touched Lord Horace laid a kiss upon Mrs. AUanby's responsive lips. Elsie's taart swelled with anger and shame. A fierce blu3h came to her faoe — that Ina should be so insulted — Ina who was angelic in her goodness to Horace. Did Ina know or guess, and was thia the cause of Ina's pale sad face ? Or was it possible that Ina knew and did not care, be cause Ehe had ceased to love her husband — had perhaps^ never loved him. Like a lightning flash this truth seemed borne in upon Elsie. She too urged on her horse and the spirited creature in a few bounds had taken her almost beside Trant and his stockman ; and then Elsie heard Sam Shehan say in angry tones — ' What is tbe sense of bringing these swell Enelish toffs up here— and that d — -d Frank Hallett ? I tell you I don't like it. The thing is too dangerous.' 'If you reflect a moment, my good Sam, you will see that it is the mo3t diplomatic course one could possibly pursue. I was in great hopes that Macpherson would have joined our party. Now, that would have been truly dramatic. He would never have come this way again.' ' Oh, blow all that nonsense !' said Sheban. He looked round as he spoke aud became aware tbat Elsie was within earshot. He shut his mouth with the stockman's expressive click of his tongue and teeth which implies reserve aad caution. Elsie was quite aware of this, but she only took in dazedly the significance of Shehan's eudden silence. She was too pre occupied _ with her own discovery and the manner in whioh it might affect her sister's happiness to give much thought to the mysteries of Sam Shehan and Dominic Trant. Traut noticed her discomposed look as he came back to her, while Shehan pushed on as he had been bid and joined the half-castes. 'Shehan has the true native's objection to swell English people,' he said airily, though he furtively watched the effect of his words. ' I am sorry to say that he has been swearing vigorously at Lord and Lady Waveryng, and even at Mr. Frank Hallett, who he fancies is responsible for having brought them here. The fact is,' Trant added, 'Shehan wanted to have a chase after Moonlight - he has a theory that the bushrangers are in hiding somewhere up here and he doesn't want the game dis turbed by this sort of thing. I told him that we were near having Captain Macpherson and that we might have shown the troopers a bit of really wild country, but Sam didn't see the fun.' Elsie did not answer. 'What is the matter?' he eaid. ' You look as ifyou bad seen a ghost.' ' I have seen a ghost,' she replied. ' Never mind. Don't speak to me for a bit. I want to think.' And just then silence became compulsory, for the track was too narrow and broken for them to ride any more together. m The sun had set when thay reached the* border of the scrub, where Sam Shehan and the half-castes had already lighted the camp fires. (To be oontinued.) » 