THE .ROSE OF ALLANBALE. A SENSATIONAL STORY OF LOVE AND CRIME. By GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., Author of "289 R, the Story of a Double Life," "The Mystery of a Millionaire's Grave," &c.;, &o.; Chapter XXIII.—( Continued.) But they were all pawnbrokers' duplicates. " And now, William, I think we've arranged this little business to our mutual satisfaction, I'm not going to boast about what I mean to do, William. I'll have a try at stopping stimu lants. If it kills me the skipper will have to expend a hammock over me with a couple of 56 lb. weights, that'll be all, but I won't blab, even on my death-bed. Ah! mind you, William, some o' us 'ard drinkers aren't the ' worst sort when the burnt crust of alcohol is peeled off our hearts and nerves. I suppose it wouldn't do to have another Moet, would it? Bad beginning? Well, I daresay you ain't far out. But here's a tip for you, William. Geo rid of that long face of yours. Don't iook as if yon were going to be hung." Harrison!" " I beg a hundred pardons, William. 'Pon honor I didn't refer to future probabilities or to Dash it all, I'm only making a bigger muddle of it. Let us go on deck. And I'm going to do the big bug a bit at first, don't you see. It won't do as if I was ready to pop into any clap-net. Millionaires, William, don't enter into social relations with everybody they they meet on board sailing steamers." The people who had hitherto sat down to dinner in the saloon of the Moutain Wave, not a very spacious one by any means, were the captain himself, the doctor—a quiet and unas suming young man hailing from New York Mrs. Colonel Keighly, her charming daughter, and Prank McNaughcon, known, ot course, a3 Mr. William Smith. A very cosy mesa indeed —very beautiful amalgamation. Not the ghost of a chance of such a meal being a silent one. Let me see, Mrs. Colonel Keighly, as she dearly loved to be styled, for the reflec tion of her dead husband's martial elory in this way appeared to be reflected on her portly person like the after-glow of a summer's sun set, was fat, fair, and forty—maybe more than forty (put this in small type, printer, please); there wasn't the shadow of a doubt as to the adjective " fat," though she had not a double chin, and though her eyes did not stick out still she was as broad in beam as a Dutch lugger, and her nose was rendered almost diminutive owing to its being placed between her two cheeks—the only place for it, I grant. She was fair—fair in hair, golden in fact, ex cept at the seams, where the eighth of an inch of black hair gave an unmistakable proof ol dye, and fair in complexion with a fairness that could have been blown off with a tiny pair of bellows. But she talked very prettily and laughed very prettily, and had a pretty way of using her knife or her fork or her fan, and a pretty way of flirting with rings and bracelets and great gold chains. Still, I am sorry to say that musical though her voice was, she did occasionally "come a cropper," to use racing slang, over her Lindley Murray. Captain Ben Boniface not only liked to hear himself talk, but other people also, especially, as it would appear, Mrs. Colonel Keighly. The skipper was not an old man, he was not in his dotage, but he was fifty, and, therefore, in his anecdotage. And the stories he told, and the stories she told, were—well, they were worth listening to. Parodying Burns, wa might say— " They told wi' vim their queerest stories, The doctor's laugn was ready ohorus." This was really all the doctor seemed fib for. Clever he might have been, but shy I'm sura he was, and if ever he by chance said a epicey thing, and the others laughed, why, he colored up to the roots of his dark hair and asked the steward to pass the potatoes or gave some other equally ridiculous order. Prank and Tilda had a good deal in common; they both loved Browning, they both doted on Burns, they criticised Longfellow and Lowell, and never hesitated to speak their mind most freely about Tennyson and Swinbourne. They talked low together, as a rule, at a table, and on deck were often to be seen arm in arm. studying the beautie3 of nature in the sparkling tea or the sky. \- * ri i. _ it _ Tr...;.nT. Illto tniB little eocene uuuiij uuLMuu descended like meteor into the sea, making a terrible commotion for the time being, and leaving ciroles and ripples that did not subside for some time. To tell the truth Cholly had no wish that the ripples should subside. He belonged to that class of individuals who dearly love to create a sensation and who cannot live without a certain amount of excitement of which they are the centres, and which if they do not find in sooiety they will fish for, even in a gic shop. But this man, for the presenb at all events, found himself in a somewhat exalted position, which was pleasant enough for its very novelty. Long before the second dinner-bell rang, thanks to Frank, who, had not the grief which lay at his heart been so real, would have looked upon the whole matter as a very good joke or farce, both the ladies, as well as the doctor and skipper, were in possession of the faots of his fictitious history—if that isn't an Irish paradox—and felt that they were in the presence of a very wealthy man, perhaps great Sir Walter! a millionaire. 