ENGLISH AND FOBEIGN ITEMS. Front tlio latest English filos to hand wo - tako tho following interesting items - - > - ' A man in Bnssia, 100 years, of ago, committed suioulo through a lovo affair. Floroiino Niglitingalo, who for years lias boon an invalid, has just celebrated hor Sovonty-third birthday! Tho heaviest peaoh on record lins boon. grown at llartwell House, near Aylesbury. It weighs lGjoz. White making oxoavations for tlio ou- largomont of a Baptist oliqpol nour Bwahsoaj a vein of coal, 20ft. deep, was disoovorod; Tho sun was in apogoo on Tuesday morning, July 4; whon it, was. tho greatest distanoo. from- tlio 'earth — 08,041,000 miles. A woman has died at Biaokhill, Ireland, ,agod ' 104; In' Kentucky, moaslos .oaushd tho '.doath of .n .wbiAan agod 110. A young domestic servant drowned liorself at Lengton, bepauso sho was so plain-looking that site could not obtain a sweetheart. 1 Fifteen groatB, struok about tho year 1857, woro discovered 8ft. beneath tho surfaco . on an ostato in CarnJ,-\tjion- sliiro. . _ . It is rumoured that tho largest dia mond in tlio world has boon found in Africa. It weighs .070 oarots, being nine times as largo as tho Koh-i-Noor. Tho Quoon lias become patroness of a fomalo court of tho Order of Foresters. It was recently decided to admit womon as inombcrs. Her Majesty is now a foranlo Forester. Tho waistcoat Is said to -bo declining. During tho hot weather it was a common' sight to soo mon otliorwiso woll dressed dispensing altogothor with that artielo of raiment. A grocer at Hamilton, whon cutting up an Amorioan ohecso, discovered a hard substanco in tbo centre, which turned out to bo a silver-mounted rovolvor. A clergyman, _ white walking through tho World's Fair, smashed somo whisky bottles in a Dublin exhibit, When .arrested, ho said Jehovah had told him to do it. A man walked across Niagara on a -wire cablo. Ho wheeled a cooking- rango in front of him, and, stopping midway, lit tho fire and cooked a meal on tho wire. , i A marble bust of Croimvoll realised £100 at an auction sate in London, twieo tho. amount last paid for it. A tetter of Mary Qnoon of' Scots fetched .£25, a violin by Stradivarius soiling for' :£500. _ A determined attempt was mado to , wreok tho train in which tbo Czarowitch was leaving Russia for England. Tho rails had been taken. up, and tho pilot engino was wrcokod, tho Imparial train being pulled up just in front of tbo fatal spot. I At Wolverhampton ii woman, for tbo purposo of gratifying a spito which she entertained againsb-another woman who had . died, - followed tho corpse to tho grave, and at tho close of tho burial' servioo poured tho contents of a bottle of filthy wator.oh the.coffin. ( An Oxfordshire, farmer, wlio. was con victed of 'sending milk'to London adul terated with water, excused himself on', account of tho drought, whioh, he said, had mado it impossible to got good rich milk, the cows having to livo principally on tbo leaves of trees. ' Tho oak chair carved by tho Brincoss of Wales has boon withdrawn, from tho Chicago Exhibition, trophy- hunters having chipped away pieces of the wood tot; oarry. , off . as mementos. In oon- Boquonce of tho damago, a olaim of £100 will bo mado against tho exhibition authorities. ' : ' A ' littlo girl was., brutality outraged, ' and 'flung in'a ditoh to dio, at Waltlramstow, At . the ' Winohoster Assizes the Judge mentioned that, out of, 29 prisoners for trial, 10 woro charged with assaults upon children. Such a stato'of things, ho said, was a symptom of griovous'morol degradation. ! A man who claimed to bo an astrologoy has been sent to gaol for two months in London for fortune-tolling. A dotcotivo wroto to know his fortune, and :tho astrologer replied, on tho sup position that his' correspondent was a woman, that sho " would havo a husband stout and fair." Tho wheat harvest commenced, in Dorset on Saturday, : July 1. Tho Hessian fly has appeared- among tho crops, in Hants. Hay is fetching high prices; owing' to the drought, and it' is predicted that before hoxt spriug it will bA'£12' por 'ton. Tho dry season has saitpd tho grouso. Princess Bpatric'o opened a loan ex hibition - of old lace and ombroiderios. The: Queen's exhibits inoludcd somo lace, once the property of Queen Cbarlotto, . and Gcorgo IV.'s cradle. Soimo ncedld-work oxccuted by Alary Queen of Scots, was. also on view,' together "with , quilts . undor which, , Bjchard.lH; and Charles :I. had slept. A, mistress complained to a London magistrate that hor servant remained in bed and would- not dress herself, although hor 'notice to loavo had expired.', Tho magistrate advised tho applicant to engage somo strong women , to, dress tho girl', and then sho could bo turned out of tho houso. A man who was found in tlio night undor q:tablo in bho of tho uppor rooms of ,a pawnbroker's in London was charged with being a burglar. He was liowovor, discharged, it having boon proved, that while . staying, at a torn- peranco hotol next door he climbed along tho balcony and entered tbo' window to escape imaginary thieves A ghost is said to haunt a houso at Chalk harm. ; It is credited with burling stones, breaking tho windows from, tho insido. Thousands of peoplo assomblo nightly in tho liopo of scoing tlio intruder, and prayers, askiug for soiiio explanation, liavo boon offered up in tbo liouso by a clergyman. ' Tbo stones avo said to bo often so thrown as 3ust toi osoapo tho faces of the children iiYiug m tbo' houso, ' ' \ Baron Natlmniol Rothschild, of Vienna, lias had to withdraw tho offor of his castlo and ostato at Roiohonau to .a consumption hospital owing to tho local outcry raised nguinat tho proposal. Ho has therefore decided to start a lottory, with tho castlo and park, valued , at fivo million florins, nd'tho first prize, ,aud hand tlio proceeds ovor to tho hospital. A rostaurant-kcopor was sued at tho Westminster county court for damages, owing to thoft of an overcoat ' wliilo its owner was dining in tho said restaurant and tho jury found a vordibt for tho plaintiff, assossing tlio damages at four, guineas. Loavo to appeal was given, and tho ownor of tho overcoat may yot havo. causo to regret his rashness in invoking tho aid of the courts. A young aotroks was matricd in Paris. Air wont well till tho ' day's festivities woro drawing to a closo, .when tlio. brido withdrow to lior salon. JTliis room' hod a Boorefc staircase by whioh ;tho brido reached thoBtrcob and mado hor oscapo. Tho next day a lotter was rccoivod from hor positively refusing to rejoin her hus band. A notorious fomalo swindlor has booh sontonccd to throo. years' imprisonment in Paris. , Sho has a dozen husbands living. Sho advertised for a husband, describing herself niost flatteringly, >and said sho lmd a fortuno of £120;000. Sho married ono wealthy suitor" aftor another, only to decamp a day. or two after tho wedding with tho presents and whatovor olso sho could lay hor hands on. Tho two Bonhams— Riohard, agod 89 a banker, and Albert, aged 45, a' clerk — woro found guilty of conspiracy to dofraud tho London and Gorman Bank of £49,000 and of otlior charges, and scntouced, tho former to 14 .and tho lattor to flvo years' penal sorvitudo. lt was admitted by tho prosecuting counsel that Albert was a tool of his 'more astuto brother, and had none: of tho monoy ; but" as thoy ,both pleaded guilty to uttering a forged'will, littlo pity will be felt for thorn. . Richard Benham .at one timo affooted a position of great aflluoncc. ' He had a largo houso, in Piccadilly and kopt carriages and horses, while at Turubridgo. Wolls ho had :a largo country, and established a firc- brigado — but never paid for tho uniforms. ,Tlic mushroom - like financiers of tho suburbs will soon como to be regarded with suspicion on account of tho suddon downfall of men liko tho Barkers, tho Benhams, and tho Bponcor Balfours. : It is extremely satisfactory to le&rn; that the efforts of the Sydney Labor -Bureau to aid tho unemployed by forwarding men to fossick on the old goldfields are turning out well. Some 700 or 800 men have ' been forwarded to the fields, and no less than ,,£2000 have been- received by tbo Bnreati'iii repayment of fares advanced to the. men, £50 beiog refunded- for this purpose in one week. The distress and poverty in Sydney . is still very great, 1000 rations being' dis tributed to families in one . week in; the capital, white , tlio fossickers are eaoh furnished with rations for a fortnight. In : spite of all this, however, it , is stated that I the; gloom of depression among the unoni- ' ployed is lifting owing to many sundowners prosecuting stamping and olearin'g induced thereto by tlie lownessof wages.- 1 " Anotoku ncoidont in . oonnection with pearl- shell diving, has ocourred in Torres Straits emphasising the necessity of con trolling by legislation the operations of the divers, for wo learn a native of Manitta named Fernando has been brought toThurs day Island, half paralysed and dangorously ill, through attempting to dive in ! wator' 162 to 174 feet in depth. It appears that; the divers have an impression that boiling, water, is the best remedy in cases of this sort and that cruel specifio was applied to Fernando, only making matters much worse. ' - , r Tub gunB are now mounted at the Thurs day Island forts; and for the first time the boom and its long train of rumbling like thunder has been heard ou the Islandi On Wednesday gun. practioe was' indulged in across tho harbor.' Those houses immediately bcucath tbe battory were very muoh shaken tho shelves being denuded of their nio' uacs, much to tho consternation of - the house wives. The wisdom of the Hospital Com raittoo in chosiag a site well away from the shook nnd shaking of .the gnus is -fully realised , by those who reside near - > the forte. ; A uidaoulous escape from death oocurred in Argent-street, Brokoa Hill, on Monday afternoon. A Mrs. Robertson went out ehopping, and left . her baby 12 weeks old wrapped up in a shawl and lying aeieep in 0( perambulator. The footpath at this spot is on an incline, and the perambulator suddenly ran off of its own accord, and struck a .horse which, was standing, opposite. .The horse plunged violently, and smashed ' the 'perambulator to pieces; bnt, strange to" say,' tho child was picked up 'uninjured 'save' ft' small sorotoh on the arm; 1 . According to tho Qovebirneni Qazclte ; .the diabandinent or roductioii , of certain! corps throughout tho , oolony rendered ! neoessary by the retrenpliment introduced -by.vtho Goverument Look effect :from tho -1st. July' last. Amongst the. corps mentioned ns. d|B banded are A , Company and the. Band, (Maryborqugh) j D. Company, (Howard) j (Bundaborg) j F Company, (Gy mpio). The Staff of the Wide" Boy "and lUurnett Begiihcnt (excepting the ' Lieu- , tenant-Colonel Commanding) also oomo. 'disbondmontV provisions." Tho Wido Bay Mounted Infantry are Veduoed in' strength from 117 to 77, by tbe disbandment of the Maryborough detachment. Tho tiiinunherg i detaebmeht has also been' disbanded, - Any. . of the . above ; corps > can form, themselves into a riilo clab'lf tboyi so wish, and continue to wear, the uniform. SosiETHiNO over ten years ago -a United States survoying ship was taking soundings along tho coast.. Between thirfcv find fnrfcv miles to the east of Capo Moreton. it was repoitod.that tho depth , suddenly. increaaed from un ordinary depth to, four miles, qpd it was concluded that tho ship was. over an immcnso chasm in the bed of.. the ocean. Uow far the deep water .extended to New. yaledonia was not nscertainod, bub if there is really a chasm, and it is continued as far north as Bandaborg, tho difflcultioa of laying the now cable may do considerably ineroased. Police Inspector Melilrum /was thrown out of his buggy on Sunday jast noacCamo, and sustained a fracture of the ieft arm besides several bruises'. . A Pathotio Appeal. — Scorios A lonely spot on a dark night. "Would tho gontloman bo so kind ob to assist a poor man r Besides this, loaded rovolvor,. I havo npthing in tho wide world to call my own!'. ' An anti-fat romody — Having to, livo on ono s wits, . , , 