ANSWERS. Aiy oue desirous of a descrintiou of character by ineaus of this charming art Una only to enclose *u .outline of their hand, with 12 penny stamps (addressed '-Zeio/' Clipper office;, and the de scription -Will appear 4n this column. Any in.-enioUB individual will devise a ready »n4»puB of ontliiiitiflr~-for inBt&nce;, the old method of ninuuiK a lead iieucil about the hand and fingers while the palm ie turned down on the paper— will give satlBtaotory results. It would Le as well to fill in the principal murlanes or lines of the palm bo as lo give more data. Letters containing coin must beVegutered. Modesty.— It ie seldom such a mirth provoking claw as yours is submitted to inspection. Tour father must have been very old before your birth, the result being that you were tired and crotchety. You have no originality and lack the ability to appreciate it in others ; as for profession, the best thing you can do is to look out for a wealthy father-in-law and try and work for him ; also try and keep that pestife rous tongue of yours quiet, as you are likely to make mischief and create life long enemies. The sooner you give up the ghost the better for society and yourself. Al.— No ; you are not fit for the Church — too much of the 'Old Adam 'in your com position, and a tendency to go on the bust on all occasions, whether convenient or not. The soft allurements of the gentle sex are also rather powerful in their effects on your susceptible btuit. The best thing you can do is to give up all thought of clerical life, and become a butcher or a professional footballer -, either of those sanguinary pro fessions, will give room for the exercise of the forcible impulses that rule and riot within the skin of Al. Beware of temper. An Old Maid. — You are actually doing most of your thinking on your fist. You like those who work for you to be wide awake and full of movement. You should be your own boss, and could get on well as head of affairs in most things — more par ticularly ae governor of a department of artistic manufacture. You have taste and skill — want to know what is coining to morrow, and endeavour to see the end of the things before you believe you reason a lot about the things of this world, and still have more than a passing interest in that which is to come. When you are roused up you can be eloquent and ready in debate,and you'd like to meet the man who could put you down. Myra and others nest week. 