'A GOLDEN HEART. r, .By Bertha M. Clay (Authoress of ' Tho Duke's Secret.') 'CHAPTER XXI. One by one the men servants returned ; but none of them liad any news of Sir 'Earl.' No one bad either seen or heard , anything of him. When the clock struck eight, Lady Allanmore came downstairs, looking tho ghost of horsolf. The ser vants trnzed at her in wonder, ns nnn over whom a great calamity hung. She sent for John Frodsham. 'You have no news for me?' she said. . , 'No, my lady, no news;' and the : old many face wm pale and worn. He did riot 'look at her j he. shrunk from — meeting her eyes. ' Q'iick as thought sha cried out : ''?You know something, Frodsham, and you are keeping it from mo !' \- ? ' I'know nothing, my lady,' he an swered ; ' but, if I may make a sugges . , tion, it is that your ladyship should send ? - for1' soine 'friend— some gentleman — the Squire perhaps, or Lord Rhysworth.' '.I will . send for both,' she said. 'Giye orders, Frodsham, at once.' John' Frodsham did so, and she felt ' ? some1 little relief. But she could not . .rest. She. wandered from room to room, '.t&rbugh; the grounds and gardens, and ? alcngT the terraces, alwajs with the vague idea that she would find Sir Karl . or hear of him. .Then she became conscious of some thing that annoyed and perplexed her. Wherever she went in the house she ' found' 'groups of servants whispering. They broke ofl abruptly when they saw -her; and in each face she perceived a peculiar expression, as though they knew . something, but would not, or could not, impart it. She felt as though an atmos phere of mystery surrounded her. ,Ah, if he. Would but come— the sight of -him . -would 'dispel all this. Once she spoke to the women' servants more sternly than she had ever spoken to them before. 'Is there anything kept from my ? k&tfwledgej;' she asked, ' that you wftisper together and look so strange?' ?- ' No, my lady,' was the answer ; but ione by one they stole away lest she ' should ask them more. Lord' 'Rhysworth was the first who ? came. : .He looked in surprise at the beautiful, white face— the face he had 1 always'se'en: so bright and radiant, but ?which was now so full of terrible pain. Lady Allanmore held out her hand to him in greeting, and clung quite uncon Bciou«ly to him. It was as though she ' ha'd 'found a friend in the midst of her distress. 'I am in great trouble, Lord Rhys worth,' she said. 'Sir Karl left me 1 last'evening at half-past seven o'clock to ? transact some business, and nothing has been heard of him since.' - ? 'So your groom told me, my dear' Lady Allanmore, and mcst grieved and '^distressed' am I to hear it. You know you may rely upon me. I am entirely at your service. What would you wish me to do ?' ' I cannot tell. It is a trouble so new and bewildering that I cannot determine what to do.' f Do you know in what direction Sir ? Karl went, or the nature of his busi ?? ? ness?' askied Lord Rhysworth. 'No, I do not; arid it is that which distresses me so. He told me that he would explain all to me when he re . ' turned;' Looking up suddenly, she saw Lord : Rhysworth's eyes fixed upon her with i ? ! ' 1 the sariie expression tnat she had' seen in the. servants, and which had so greatly * ' ' annoyed her.' 'You know 'something,' she said, 'and you are keeping it from me !' Before he had time to answer the door opened, and the Squire entered. ? ' i)olores, what is this I hear ?' he ; ;'icried. 1 ' Sir Karl gone ! What in Heavens does it mean 1' ' Goite| papa !' she repeated in help less bewilderirient. ' No one said he ? .Was* missing ! He is missing; I am . . . i . i - J 1 ? 1. ? ? J ? - atraid some accident nas nappeueu lu him;'. ' Missing ! He must be somewhere, child ! How ill you look. 'my darling ! What a trouble 'this is to fall upon your dear dear' head !' — :arid the' Squire took his daughter in his arms and kissed the sweet, pale face over and over again. ' jay poor petty aariing, x can uuruiy comprehend thab such trouble should 'come' to- you.' ' My very name means sorrow,' she ' : ' replied. Tiie' Squire look at her piteously. ; His \- r' fkce Wbre th'e sariib ex'pressiori thalt she had seen on Lord Rhysworth's ; and she ??-.?.cried—: . ; ; '? You know something, papa, and are keeping it frorii' me !' 'Sit down, my darling,' returned' the Sqnir'e[ ' arid - tell hie all that passed after I went home. I left you talking *.f to11, your 'husband on the lawn j lie 'was telling you that he could not driVe liome wif.fi mn KpnaiiRA ho had a business aD \- / ijpointment. ? . Where was that appoint mfent,' and with whom ?' ' I do' not know : he said he would 'explain it all to me on his return.' Then' 'quite unexpectedly she caught the, glance that passed between the Sptiire ! arid Lord Rhysworth. It was \- one of peorat intelligence., ' If vpu know anything of Karl, oh, tell me'l' she cried. ' Do not keep me _ inrsuspense.'? ? ? o r'Nnther of the men ans.wered her; but the Squire drew her closely to him. ' My1 darling, we will do all we can,' said the elder man after a few moments. ' ihere'shall riot be a place unsearched to 'which it is probable lie has gone ; let ' '' that assurance comfort 'you.' , ' '-But, papa, tell me whether you know anything of him ? Has anything been ? . heard? Why do people look so strange? Why 'do they Whisper to one another V ' They are all puzzled, my dear, I ?should imagine,' he replied'; 'and it is apuzzle.' She clung to 'him with weeping oyes. ? 'Do you think any accident has ' ' happened to him 1' olio asked, and the ? ''Squirfe-shook his head gravely. 'f.Noj Dolores, I do not.' ' Then where can he be? Oh, papa, ; bring him back to me — do bring him back ! I must see him ! You havo been kind to mo all your life I be doubly kind now ; bring him to me. I — I cannot live without him !' She turned her miserable face towards Lord Rhys worcn. ' Help mo, she cried — ' help me to find Sir Karl !' ' My dear lady, wo will do all we can,' he answered. She flung up her arms in despair. ' He will never come back again,' she wailed. ' I have felt it in my heart ,.11 nlnn» 5fc l_Ii. »i.O l,uu ^ I' ''U ? 1-'' bright. I told him so, and ho laughed at me. Papn, it will kill m--.' ' Nay, my darling, you must live for mo and the_childron,' replied the Squire. ' Besides, you must not give up hope yet. Lord Rhysworsh will drivo ine over to Deeping, and we will get men to search the woods. Take courage.' But her hoart was hen\\-y with dread. They left her and were absent many hours. She looked so white and wan, so fragile and broken-hearted, when thi'y returned, that tears came to Lord Rhysworth's eyes. The children wero with her. She raised her pallid face, but it seemed as though all powor of speech had left her. The Squire spoke first. ' We have no news, Dolores — neither good nor bad ; we have not heard or seen anything of him.' With a faint sigh she laid her head on his breast. ' My darling,' cried the Squire, ' you must not give way in this fashion ; you miiof. nnf TV., J-.JT IUUOU JUUL self. Suppose an accident has hap pened to your husband,' arid he wants careful nursing ; you will be quite unfit to help him. Promise me now to take some nourishment, and then I will tell you something.' ' I will,' she gasped. In silence the Squire poured out some wine, and in silence she drank it. Was it her fancy, or did she hear the Squire whisper (o Lord Rhysworth, ' We -had better tell her. She must know it ; I fear it is true J' She turned to him quickly ; he did not know how her senses were shar pened by pain. ' I hear you, papa,' she said ; ' tell me at once — hide nothing from me. Take my hands in yours, and hold them fast ; that will give me strength to listen to what you have to say.' ' My dearest Dolores, some of it may be merest surmise, but what we know iu ub Lruo j. win lay oeiore you ; ana, although it gees to my heart, I , must. First, do you remember ' that ICarl re ceived a letter yesterday morning which distressed him very much ? He declined to show it to you, although you asked him to do so. The reading of that letter completely changed him, if you re member; he was not himself all day he neither spoke nor smiled. We both remarked it ; even the servants noticed .it, and thought that' he was not well. I want yriu'to bear all this in mind ; it | is one link in the chain of evidence. Then, after looking miserably ' unlike himself all day, he told us that he' could not drive me home at night, because he had an appointment. When we asked film rthnnf. if. ho cohmorl /Kaft«oaa0i4 nrir? anxious; The inference I draw from all this is that the person who wrote the letter is the person he went to see. I do not think there is any doubt about that, do you, Rhysworth ?' ' No, I do not,' was the reply. Dolores raised her fair head with a look of relief. ' That seems clear, papa. I wonder I did not think of it' before. As you say, that letter completely changed him. I remember his face as' he thrust ' the letter into bis pocket ; he was not ~ like himself after that. The note troubled him, I am' sure.' 'What we' want to discover,'' con tinued the Squire, 'is the writer of -the letter and the person that he went to see. I am afraid, Dolores, that we have a clue. Whether it will pain . you. or not, my child, I cannot tell ; but I am afraid — nay, I am quite sure— that 'the person your husband went to see was .Lioia do JJ erras. She sprang from his arms and cried out, but her words were unintelligible. Her ghastly face frightened them. ' I will not believe it !' she said, after a while. ' My husband would nob go to ineet Lola de Ferras, the Woman who hates me and who has sworn vengeance againsb me. Papa^ why1' do you say that?' 'My dear, it is true. As I was driving home along the Deeping road last night with James Ashford, I saw a lady walking. Her eyes were cast down and she seemed buried in thought. But I recognised her in a moment as Lola de Fen as. Wishing to be sure, I said to j arnes ? w no is tnat i no looKeci, and answered' imiriediately 'Miss ' de Ferras, sir.' But I noticed that the moment she saw my attention drawn towards her she pulled down her veil over her face and walked on swiftly. She evidently did nob want me to see her. I drove past her and took no notice. I saw that she was going towards' Scarsdale, and wondered at that, because I knew you had not parted on good terms.' You told me so. Now Lord Rhysworth, will you tell what you saw V (To be Continued.) 