J'• V " Tit K Idt/kh. Tins financial troubles of the last two .years have brought about some considerable changes in the lives ol many well-known Melbourne citizens. The spirit of retrenchment which has been afforded in a a greater or lesser dogri e by every person in the community has, of course, altered, the tenure of existence of many quondam shining lights in society, whose hospitality an 1 liberality were unbounded, and whose (jaidba ile cnnlaur shed happiness on the circles that radiated around them. Frugality and economy are the order of the day, and a sullennoss, sometimes tinged with despair, seems to be the main characteristic of those who even in the rainy days of life were considered strong types of the linppy optimist. ■ * * m T ins an are some, too, who, weak of mind and feeble of heart, havo found a resting place, let us hope though not a final one, in the hospitals for the in sane and the inebriate 5 whilst others, crushed in soul but still firm of intellect, fight on amidst dole ful surroundings, the ceaseless battle of life, hoping when the struggle is over the morally strong will conquer, and the, plunger, the thriftless and the financial schemer, all creatures of these latter days 1 of Melbourne, will accept the doom which fate is assuredly hut slowly preparing for them, w >» There are some, however, whose various idiosyn craoies in their business careers have already landed them high and dry upon the rugged coast of failure. Those social and financial wrecks form ono of the most ugly features of Melbourne streot life of to day. Mostly haunting' the quarters in which thoy originally pursued their vocations, those ghosts of a bitter and shattered past may he seen dodging in and out of tho hostelries of the neighbourhood, seeking solace in tho beer mug and cheering each comrade in adversity by tho drivelling jokes of past times. A well-known ironmaster, a miller, whoso name was a familiar ono in our mouths a few short years ago, a merchant prince, now do graded, some dozen brokers, broken and spiritless (in ono sense), and a sprinkling of manufacturers and shopkeepers, of a more or loss shady renown, fill vip-this raggedy r6le of miserablos. Melbourne's history is written on its pavoments. Si max lumen bum qxuvris circumspico. •» * # In tho dulnoss and depression wliioh overhangs Melbourne and its people, there is now and then a sudden glonin of sunshine to brighten up tho gloom, hut like tho liiue-light in the pntitomine, it is only a favoured one who is benefited by the circumscribed brilliancy, and tho motley group round about are destined to play their antios iu life in the shade of cold neglect. All this as a proliminar^,t^tJf(?"*jfactv thai, the brother of an Irish Earl, i/hb lUsi :Wen(. driving a hansom for some years pastjin £Sfelbourno,v has just inherited some twenty thousand poimcJs^jjmiJ has taken a 'leap from darkness into tl^vluullihircy . of independence andcomfovt, • "* 1 * Mortimer Frankly 11, who sparkled .for a few short., yoars in Melbourne, during wliioh time he started a newspaper, a olnh and other oonoorns of magnitude and importance, but of ephemeral oxistonoo, is reported as dead. Somo time prior to his doatli, ho Inherited the sum of .£150,000, and was a notable figure in Hyde Park, London, where Ills turn-out was a°spooial f'oaturo in the daily equestrian show of this gn.y and fashionable quartor. * # * ... Ma. James Hlugston is recommending the-cultiva tion of J affa oranges In Victoria, and the frugivorous and frugal section of tho public will arise in a few years and bless that humane globe-trotter fprliis happy suggestion. ■ Mr. Hingston's experience proved that a Jaffa orange and a slice of broad was '"a most satisfactory lunch," and in these dh.yq.of frugality and retrenchment .a meal so compact, so economical, and yet so juioy and idyllic, is ono much to ho oommondod. * .<» - ■ It is possible that tho Jaffa oranges, like those of Tahiti, are a hybrid fruit, and owe their origin bo tho enterprise of tho Jowish agriculturists, probably from Spnin. The Russo-Jewish colonists of to-day in the Holy Land are successfully cul tivating the orange, the vine and other fruits, and with the completion of the railway from Jaffa to Jerusalem the markets of the western world will be open to receive the "millc and honey" of rejuvenated Canaan. ■» * # Tun agitation against the use of opium which has culminated in a. bill being passed by the Victorian Legislative Assembly prohibiting its introduction into the colony, has been led by a young Chinepe enthusiast professing Christianity, named Cheok Hong Clieong. The Royal Commission appointedby the House of Commons to enquire into the question of the opium trade is about completing the evidence, and the report shortly to be submitted will, it is iclieved, recommend matters remaining as they are. * * # Mb. Cheok Hong Clieong has been a member of the Presbyterian Church since boyhood, and can there fore be scarcely called a convert to Christianity. Mr. Cheong was educated at Scotch College, Melbourne, and successfully combatted the rule of three, the pons asinarum, and the many other scholastic difficulties which lead to collegiate fame. He lias since been awarded the position, by the Presbyterian Church, of Chinese missionary to the heathen. Mr. Cheong has been married some years and is the liappy father of a large group of almond oyed sons and daughters. y? Mit. Edgar Bertram Mackennal, the Australian sculptor, is at present located in the studio of Mr. Birnie Rhind, of E linburgli, with whom he is associated in the execution of many large and import ant works, amongst them being a colossal statue of an Indian Prince. Mr. Mackennal, after leaving Edin burgh in January next, will take up his quarters at St. John's Wood, London, in the residence of Mrs. Brown-Potter, who will be absent in India on a dramatic tour. # * Amonci the deaths chronicled this week is that of Mr. William Heymanson, a one-time successful merchant in the city of Melbourne, -Ahoutseven years ago, owing to a serious affection of the throat, he was obliged to submit himself to the painful opera tion of laryngotomy, for the first time successfully performed in Australia. Mr. Heymanson, however, from that moment bocaine a confirmed invalid, and though voiceless, was exceedingly happy under the sad affliotion which suddenly overwhelmed him. # # The ex-City Solicitor of Sydney is still in the Catndon House private hospital, which it is doubtful whether he will over leave alive. Ho is a complete wreck, mentally and physically. * * # Tan sum of .£8,500 has been raised by the Dibbs testimonial oommitteo, and will be vested in trustees for the benefit of Sir George and Lady Dibbs. # # " 'JJrlus. Wolstenholme has succeeded Lady "Windeyer hs.qVresideut of the New South Wales Womanhood Suifrago League, but whether the change will aid iiii ihtroiising the popularity of the organization i/cmains to be seen. Dull' has made a reputation for being inde fatigable in investigating the merits of applications for charity, and when they are found to be deserving lior responses aro inclined to be liberal. Strange to say, nevertheless, and inuoh to the disappointment of tho council, Lady Duff's interests have not yet extended as far as the " Queen's Fund," of which the Governor's wife is always appointed president. In the course of'conversation tho other day with one jof tho oommitteo ladies of the"fund'it was elicited that Lady Duff has never attended a single meeting so that'tho oominitboe are not prepared to shower on the wife of tho now Governor of New South Wales pvaiso for her sympathy for the distressed women, of Australia as. tho committee did on Lady Car ring ton, who was indefatigable in her assistance and attention to the Quoen'sEund. # ' Ti);Rid aro few ooloiiists of Now South Wales who have.orowclod into a nob vory long life so many and Buoh varied experiences as the Hon. Edward Combes, p.M.G.,M.L.C. Ho,has passed his life under "two flags," has llvod among, the art galleries of Paris and; the gold mines of Australia, has hobnobbed with native kings of tlio Now South Waies bush, and acted as cicerone to European potentates. He is an engineer and an artist, a legislator and an agricul turist, an officer of the Legion of Honour and a member of the Savage Club. Mr. Combes was born at Fonthill, in Wiltshire, in 1830, and came to Aus tralia in 1851, the same year in which gold was dis covered in Victoria and New South Wales. He took part in most of the great mining " rushes," first as a miner, th.en a gold buyer, and always a geologist. He afterwards went to Paris, returned to Sydney some time after, and went in at different times for mining, surveying and editing a newspaper at Forbes. He entered into public life some years after, became a member of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, and was afterwards appointed a member of the Legislative Council. Thk Kilburn Sisters, also known as the Church Extension Society, have taken up their abode in Sydney in direct opposition to the wishes of the Synod and of the Anglican Primate. The members of this association are really followers of the Anglican faith, but owing to their having adopted some of the views of Catholicism, they have been the means of raising a great many unpleasant and animated discussions among the clergy of their own church. The ordinary suburban church is not, as arule, rerua rk able for sensations, nor is the sound of laughter oftenheard withinits walls; however,the worshippers of St. Andrew's Church, Summer Hill, .Sydney, experienced a break in the monotony of the service last Sunday, when the officiating clergyman, the Rev. J. Vaughan, communicated the contents of an anonymous epistle wiiich he had received regarding the Kilburn Sisters, whom, it seems, he had de nounced in one of his recent sermons, and the writer of the letter, who subscribed himself " A Member of the Church," intimated that should one of his daughters happen to be a member of the Kilburn Association, he would take great pleasure in horsewhipping the reverend gentleman for the derogatory and libellous criticism that he pa3sod j upon the society. The Rev, J. Vaughan is reci g nised as one of the mildest of divines, and now denies having pronounced the Kilburn Sisters to bo "abominable women," but admits having referred to their "abominable doctrines." „ # Mn. Mitchell, of Darling Point, Sydnoy, who died two or three months ago, and who was one of the largest shareholders in the Tooth's Brewery Com pany, left an estate for which probate purposes has been valued at nearly <£370,000. This means that it is worth at the least .£4.00,000. The whole of it, with the, exception of a few legacies, amounting in the aggregate to about five or six thousand pounds, has bean bequeathed to his wife and children and grandchildren. Not one penny didlie leave for any church or charitable institution. Mr. Mitchell's ignoring the charities in his will has caused some surprise. "When he was nearly seventy years of age, Mr. Mitchell married a sister of the late Sir Wigram Allen, another rioh man, who made no mention of charities in his will. The lady was about half his age, and1 before he died she bore him two or three children. She will be well off, for in addition to her share'of the property, she will receive a considerable sura annually for assisting to administer the estate. Ma. Evelyn Liardet, the ohemist who was killed in his laboratory whilst experimenting with a new explosive of his own invention, was a son of the first Melbourne ferry boatman. Sandridgo was origin ally called Ltardet's Beach. .Another son of the original Liardet is connected with the show business and has a worn do theatre. ■ # m # Mn, Sylvester Browne, formerly of Ilumeburno station, Charlevillo, Queensland, and Mrs, Browne, li'ave taken Mrs. Black's residence, Dundoo, Long • Beaoli, Mordialloo, for the summer months. Mr. Browne, who is a brother of " Rolf Boldrewood," the Now South "Wales ,Police Magistrate, is at present engaged in West Australian mining, and is ono of the fortunate owners of Bayly's Rewnrd at Coolgar dle, Mrs. Browne is a daughter of the late Sir W. F, S taw ell, Chief Justice of Victoria. Mr, Browne is a most remarkable man. He is ono of the tallest Heaviest and pluokiest of Australians, nnd jus*t"of adventurous temperament beloved by that sort of ..... novelists. Mr. Browne has made and lost many a. great fortune, but luolc invariably attends his speculations at the right moment, and unlimited riohos are again placed at his command, After boiug ruined by Queensland squatting, the Mount Morgan gold mine was discovered, and he was one Of the first to get heavy dividends from the groat Brokon Hill silver mines. Now he is amassinu enormous wealth from the rioh Coolgardie finds Tho hero of Australian gold and silver minintr measures ovor six feet in height nnd weighs some thing like eighteen stone, This engagement of Miss Emma Doria, a foimei resident of Parkville, Melbourne, lengthoiis the list of brilliant matches made by Australian girls. miss Doria had .resided in Melbourne all lier lite, and only left last year, under the cliaperouage ol her aunt, Mrs. J. Tayleur, of Stokeleigb, to pursue(her musical studies in London. Her jianccc, Dr. ■ Palmer, is an eminent surgeon and physician, tie is forty years of age, over six feet in height, and a typical Englishman. Recently he has figured 111 an interesting law suit. His mother, Mrs. 1 itt, was a niece of the great William Pitt, and lier two brothers had large. estates in Devon, Middlesex, London, Dorset and Essex. They agreed to cut the entail, and Mrs. Pitt was excluded from the pro perty, the elder Pitt leaving it entirely out or the family. This was the nature of the will made 100 years ago, and by its enforcement, which the judge has favoured, introduces a stranger into the posses sion of about twelve thousand a year. However, on the death of the present residuary legatee, Dr. 'hbt Palmer is entitled to the estates. He is at present in affluent circumstances and commands a splendid practice. Miss Doria had many attractive qualities. She is a great beauty, with a rich olive complexion and splondid cai riage. She is also a good pianist and a charming singer. Had it not been for her engagement with th e Torquay surgeon, Miss Doria would h av o embraced "a professional calling on the stage. Her father, Mr. William Doria, who is abrilliant sell olar, was for many yeai's J ' ~ school Italy to almost a crumpling' ruii^ now, has "been "the home of his illustrious anQ^tors^. /;'()■, , ' '■ O j '• i "li / Mr. William ReRmqtfd/'Mr^^a^^rrived in Aus tralia. He was here. befbTef^nd'jpade a very poor impression even upon his own compatriots, lie is a complete contrast to his brother, John Redmond, now leader of the Parnellite Party, who is a tron cliant speaker and keen debater, and who showed his perception of how the patriotic might bo alliod with the romantic and the practical by marrying- the rich Miss Dalton, of Orange, Hew South Wales. # # # Mr. Duncan Gillies remarked in the Town Hall the other night that the currency question was one full of difficulty. He added that he had been read ing both sides of the question, and found that the greatest minds could not agree on the subject. This sage utterance is made all the more significant by the fact that Mr. Gillies did not lose the opportunity to darkly hint that the two lobes of his own brain wore at variance upon the matter. He was not divided in mind in the golden days—under the Gillios Consulship—when he was Treasurer. # « ■» - Mr. J. B. Patterson, the Victorian Premier, still in pursuit of originality, has started a number of surprise visits to the dif ferent public institutions. It would be a groat jest (supposing it possible to speak of Mr. Pat terson and a nest in the same breath) if he wero. in the course of those surprise visits, to call at the offices of the daily papers, which, acoording to Sir George Dibbs, control the polioy of Mr. Patterson's Government. This would be turning tho tables with a vengeance. •» • a Sir George Dibbs, the How South Wales Premier, seems to have definitely taken up the mental atti tude that " nothing mattors." As Byron says - When Bishop Boi-lcoloy saicl tlioro whs ho matter, 'Twns very little matter what, he said. jSir George Dibbs waves suxiorciliously aside Mr, Patterson's communication to him taking oxception ]to tho repeal by the British Government of the regulation restricting tho number of Russian iuen of-war admitted into auy (British) Paoifie port to two. Sir George observes s—" Tho other oolonies .seera to ine to be making a fuss about nothing. They appear to be continually looking for something about whioh to oreate a disturbance with England.'' This is, no doubt, finely haughty, but if oven two Russian men-of-war happened to be in, say, Port Jackson when the cable announced that war had boon de clared with Russia, it would he a cold day for 'Sydney, and, possibly, a had quarter of an hour for :Siv George Dibbs in oase a boat load of marines oame up to tho Horth Shore some fine morning to pillage his house and carry away the court oostume and sword he seemed to be so proud of wlion in Eng land not so long ago. } Winn 'I'llIDy oomk ? <■' I-I.M.S. llayalitil and H.M.S, Orlando are in Part Phillip, Tho officers of these vessels display an almost touohing annual regularity of sentiment about tho Bafoty of Melbourne just about this timo 'Thoso oliaoi-fnl oilloors wlio'ro on Tho Australasian Naval 1'oroo, Aro lcoro (ouo nood not say) upon Tho Biuplro'H lutorosts, of aoursa, Somo Russian doop (lonlfrn thoy'vo lonrcuid ' ,U ' ,..?n thup to frustrato, T'r'aps—who knows— Whor° Britain'si danifor is illsoornml, llxoi'o ovor Britain's navy goos. • w,0}:° Itj n0*- wollif, say, tho Stinbo, ... (As thoy oar proHtlifo so lcoopup), To talco an notion oorporuto • And hhIj tltom out to hod tho fJup, 