FOREIGN. Oflioial confirmation has now been received at Brussels of the death of M. van denHerckhoven, the leader of the largo Belgian Expedition whioh last year passed through tho north of tho Congo Free Stato towards the Upper Nile, and pushed on to Lauo, one of Emin Pashas foremost stations to the north of Wadelai. A Professor at tho Rollin Lyceum, in Paris, named Lucas, murdered his young wife — a girl of 18— by cutting her throat and then throwing her from a fifth story window. He then sprang out after her and was killed immediately. His viotim lingered for some hours, and' then sue- Climhflfl fif. til A T.lriltnioUra TTnoiiUnl At Szegedin, in Hungary, a young apothecary, who committed suioide, it having bean dis covered that ho had poisoned his sweatheart, whereas it had been believed that she had ended her life by her own frco will, Iids left 10,000 florins to the city of Buda Pesth and 4000 to Szegedin to caso his conscience, ss he Bays in his will. tho Toatro Comunalo of Trieste, when fuse" s Ghosts was given for tho first time, in tho third aot there was a violent commotion. Ladies disappeared from tho boxes, several fain- ; tod right away, aud two uttered soreams. At last everybody present asked for the curtain to be lowered, and tbis was done before the piec» was at an end. Then tbe actor who played tho part of Oswald was called out 12 times. The Connt of Konsbrock, whose brother i3 a member of the Centre Party in the Reichs'a2 and the Prussian Diet, has quitted the Jesuit Order, in which be bas occupied a bigh position for 13 years. The count announces the impend ing publication of a pamphlet in which bo gives the reasons for this step. He says that Jesuitism suppresses, and indeed almost destroys, a man's independence and individuality, and even the feeling of nationality and patriotism. The fonndation stone of a monument to Dante Alighieri has been laid in Trient. It is an ex. clusively Irredentist demonstration to show the Austrian city's sympathies for Italy, anil, more over, Dante is put up as a sort of opposition poet to Walther, of the Vogelweide, wbo=e statue was unveiled in Bozen two years ago The stone bears the inscription The Trien- tines to Dante Alighieri, who proved to what perfection our language could attain." M. Armadee Pigeon, who was one of the German Emperor's professors, has stated in a lecture that his Imperial Majesty is well grounded in classical and current French, and is a great reader of French poets. Bat his taste i3 different from that of bis grandmother, the late Empress Augusta, he disliking Racine and Iikio-> Suily-Prudhomme, Coppee, Boucbor and Bour get M. Pigeon describes the Emperor as being original and ardent in the discharge of tasks which he regards as duties. As a child be showed this bent. His intentions are upright, and he honors truth and tries to live accordin- to it : - Little vices have their inconveniences, "as a Parisian burglar has just discorered to bis cost It appears that the other night a shop on one of — aw.«.a« n«M» utwavu liitv auu » airoog OGX was found in the morning wrenched open and with the contents missing. At first it was thought that the burglar had left no trace, but on a careful examination of the floor a piece of chewed tobacco was discovered. TTiis caused suspicion to rest on a former employe who was given to using tobacco in that particular way. He was sought out, and eventually such proofs of his guilt were forthcoming that he was con victed. The Emperor Alexander found a short time since in a photographic album on his writing table a picture of the famous Nihilist countess, Sophie Petovskaia, who was hanged with the murderers of Alexander II. At Easter the Czar received another disagreeable surprise. In his room at T.ivadia he found an exquisitely painted Easter egg. Inside it was a small silver dagger, two ivory carved death's heads, and a slip ot paper on which were these words . — " Christ is risen. IVo also shall rise again !" In spite of all endeavors the secret police have not suc ceeded in finding out where either the portait or the egg came from. A French lady, Madame Ziegier, living in Paris, received a telegram the other day inform ing her that her husband had been run over by an omnibus and was at the hospital of La Pitiii. The poor lady lost no time in going to tbe place where her husband was supposed to bo lying seriously injured. What was her surprise when she found that the officials knew nothing of the matter. She then went to her husband's place of business and found him, to her great joy, safe and sound. At first it was thought tbe whole thing was a hoax. The real explanation was found when the lady returned home. In her absence the place had been stripped by burglars, who had adopted a most heartless ruse for get ting her out of the way. News has come to a German firm in Cairo that Vita Hassan, Emin Pasha's former physi cian, is dead. He was born of Italian parents at Tunis in 1858, was educated in Egypt, and entered early into the service of the Egyptian Government. In 1880 he was sent to the Sou dan, and was afterwards the constant companion of Emin antil the latter reached Bagamoyo on his return to the coast Vita Hassan had made plans for further travels when he fell sick last year of an incurable disease, from which death has now released him. He had been able to note down his experiences in a hook which will shortly be published in Berlin, entitled The Truth about Emin Pasha, the Egyptian Equa tor' 'al Province and the Soudan. In one of the Beiiio theatres a piece is given in which, during tho first act, there is a thunder storm. In order to produce the lightning two electric cables are used, the ends of which termi nate in carbons like those used for clectrio lamps. When a flash of lightuing is to be pro duced, a man behind the scenes nuites the poles of the two cables, which produces an . eleotiio spark, and the thing is doue. For some time post a workman occupied on tho stage: had always watched the lightning producer with the greatest attention. The other day during a re hearsal lie thought ho would like to try his hand at it. Ho tank hold of tho cables and pro duced the flash, but in consequence of some awkward handling on his part the clcotric spark struck him, and he fell to the ground completely paralysed. He was at once taken to the hospi tal, but all medical skill was in vain. At Kolin, in Bohemia, a servant girl disap peared from the town ahout a month ago, and when no news of her whereabouts coulil bo obtained the rumnr tlir.t tho Jews had murdered her was spread. Subsequently her body was found in tho Elbe, and though tho dootors stated that there were no signs of violence and ex pressed the belief that the girl had committed suioide, the erowd, whioh lied swelled to an immense number, still accused the Jews of her murder. A respectable Jewish woman attempted to oonvincc thoso who stood near her that tho girl had certainly died by her own hand, when the crowd turned against her. Stones wore thrown at her, and she had to run forhorlifo into a neighbor's house. Afterwards tho master of tho dead girl was asked to pay £5 to thoso who had reoovercd the body, and when ho refused he was thrashed. Jewish children wero ill treated in the streets on their way to sobool, and all Jews who showed themselves in tbo streets wore exposed to insult and violence Onoof tho most curious journalistic feats on record is that now being performed by a Swedish gentloman of private moans oonnccted with the Copenhagen Danntborv, named Sven Otto Riohaid IValdemar Wirdu. Ho made a bet of £2000 witli soma acquaintances that ho would travel round tho world without monev. Ho lias a letter of credit for £25 witli him, but this is only to prevent him from heing arrested as a vagrant, for if ho oashes it ho loses his wager. He ivorkod his way across tho Atlantic boforo the mast lit Is. a day, then ho got a froo pnssago from Wilmington to Now York, where ho had no food for two days and had to walk tho streets to keep warm, until tho Salvation Army took him in. From Now York ho had a frco pass to Chicago, but had to perform tho journey fast- ing. A notice of a Norwegian hotel in Ouioago in his homo paper scoured him a fortnights board. -Another frco pass took him to Portland on tho Paoifio eoast, hut tho ploasuro of the journey may ho judged from tho headlines whoh heralded his arrival : — " Threo days with out food on tho Northern Paoiflc. His month raw with Bmoking. Ho smoked to stay tho pangs of hunger." Now ho has reached Hong Kong. In Araorioa lie did without washing expenses hy oxohanging his liuen with people who wanted to use Ids oast off clothes as adver tisements. But ho immensely dislikes to bo caliod the "champion dead head." ' 