liniimi & BMlaroa Sirats K1DINA : WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 29. IS93. BUSINESS LICENCES ON MINES. The traders in Moonta and Kadina may again breathe freely, for, after all. there was no intention to make the business licence provisions of the Mining Bill apply to any mineral leases adjacent to a surveyed town ship. Any one who carefully reads the Bill must see that the part dealing with business licences should be read in conjunction with Part 2, which relates to the proclamation of mining districts and the appointment of mining registrars. Now, before a licence could be granted by a regis trar that officer must have been ap pointed and a district proclaimed, in -vhich he must reside. It is evident hat the intention of the draughtsman »ras to provide a means whereby the aeeeesities of miners in newly opened mining country might be met. There svas no covert attempt to do injustice to Xorke's Peninsula traders; no 3lily inserted clause under which an ejected tenant could acquire a busi ness site on a lease and defy whom he chose. However, it is well that atten tion has been called to the special circumstances of the Peninsula towns. The promise of the Premier to insert a clause providing that business licences shall not be issued within five miles of any surveyed township is eminently satisfactory. The author of the clauses objected to stands revealed now ; yet he is not Mr Hooper, nor Mr Grainger, nor Mr J. L. Peters, nor the Premier, nor the Wallaroo and Moonta Min ing and Smelting^Co.—nor, in fact, anybody whom a lively imagination and an indignant vocabulary de scribed. Now that the trouble is over we can all smile at the terrible ghost which the Premier's timely promise isas laid. We can also adn.ire the capable action of our senior member, who on the very day ihat lie was accused of " sacrificing r.h« interest of town traders" wrote as !'»i! -wp Irt * he Advertiser:— ' It will be recognised tliat on j leases the txoyerainent must have power to euable miners and others to obtain the necessaries of life without having to walk a consider able distance to obtain them. When a township has been surveyed business licences are never renewed. So far as the mineral leases in the Wallaroo districts are concerned, as I pointed out on Thursday last at some length, the colony is pledged not to permit trading on the mines, and there is no cause for anticipating that this will be , authorised. . . . Clause 120 runs :—* Any person who shall occupy mineral lands for the purpose of busi ness or residence, except as legally authorized, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding £5 for the first offence and not exceeding £10 nor less than | £5 for every subsequent offence.' This reuders nearly every person now resident on a mineral lease in the Wallaroo district subject to a most unjust penalty. It is high time that the position of residents on these leases was fairly defined. In no other country can men be evicted from Crown lands after having been per mitted to build aud settle on them for i so many years. They do not ask for permission to trade ; that right indis i pufcably belongs to the owners of the township allotments where there are adjoining townships, but they do ask lor the right to call some place a home, no matter how liumble it may : i)e. The Crown can, and frequently j ! . resume lauds leased for purposes | uihw Why will not \ the Crown do so hi this iuotj Kadiita Motuae Imphovemekt Society. —The last meeting of tbe present year was ielu on Tuesday last. Miss Hay occupied ue chair, as the evening was devoted to the amies' magazine, got up by tbe lidy members •f the soeioty in an excellent cscunGf. Miss fi. IB. Opie niid Miss 2Taugiiton undertook to -.-'tare the reading of pi;:awhile Miss iiiicbeiiii also took r vwry active part in sup jlring the reading mai'.cr, but: unfortanatniy ■oulri not be present owing to her leafing !£a;<ina. The evening was one of the oiost •ucceagfal eve:- he'd Uy tiia society, aud that the good tliir.ga are sosnetitnea ■.ept to tbe last. Segret wag erc- resBad that the ladies bad not given something of this •sort during tno earlier part of the year. A hearty vote of than kg was passed to all who Helped ia compiling this paper, and a special rpts was accorded Miss Hay for presiding, ft was decided to hold no more meetings till I tbe annual general meeting of nest year. A j vote of thanks wa6 accordcd all the officers of the society for 1893. Fatal Accident at Wailuioo Mikes.— On Saturday rooming a little follow named Leonard Richards, aged 4 years, while playing with another juvenile fell down an old cbaft near 2few Jericho. On search being made it wae found that the boy after falling had walked , into a drive, whence the unfortunate little one fell down another shaft and broke his neck. An inquest was held in the after noon and a verdict of accidental death re turned, with a rider expressing the opinion that disused shafts should be covered. The funeral on Sunday was largely attended, Y.M.C.A.—The anniTeraary services of the Kadina Young Men's Christian Association wore celebrated on Saturday, Sunday, and Monday last, and were cltiiraoterized by great enthusiasm. Mr J. J". Virgo (General Seore !;ir? Adelaide Y.M.C.A.) conducted the various serviaes with much acceptance. A full report will be published ia onr next issue. Mr Virgo left for Adelaide by Tues day's train. 