-^mtt0£mmt0. THEATRE ROYAL. i'JBICHELIEU.' The Theatre Royal, in spite of counter at tractions, was well filled on Saturday evening, when Mr. Walter Bentley appeared in Bulwer Lytton's historical drama ' Eichelieu.' The character of Richelieu has always been a favorite onB with the tragedians who have visited Australia, for in the impersonation of the greatest statesman that France ever knew, the cardinal who built np the power of the French Crown, there are opportunities for dramatic* power which tax the highest' art of the actor. . The period chosen by Ly tton was a stormy one— monarchy was fallinsr m all directions; Cromwell, in the height of his triumph, was fast overcoming the feeble re sistance of Charles I. ; and yet the weak and vacillating Louis XI IX retained his throne, upheld by the patriotism and craft of the aged cardinal. The hatred of the great French nobles to Richelieu never slumbered, and the 'old fox' found safety in the King-'s sense of his own helplessness, until, yielding to the in trigues of bis courtiers, Louis for a brief period was persuaded into abandoning the Minister to whom he owed his throne. It is at this critical hour that the dramatist has depioted Richelieu, showing him first powerful and overbearing, marching onward to his goal with -the strongest tenacity of purpose, un moved either by fear Sr pity. Possessed of an iron will and fiery soul, confined within a frail and feeble frame, the cardinal — endowed with thajr magnetic power peculiar to the rulers of men — rises superior to the intrigues of the court, and with a glorious patriotism devotes himself to the interests of hi country. Franoe is'hia: guiding star, all personal am bition is sacrificed to secure her supremacy, and the conspiracies of the corrupt and traitorous oourtiers are powerless to turn him from his -purpose. The person of Biohelieu has been described as a pale apparition, the mere ghosts- of a great man, neither flesh nor blood ' but - all intellect, with that, steady and penetrating eye and that imperious gesture wat overawed the King and the.proudest peers of Prance. It is thus that Mr. Walter. Bentley depicts him, the actor's fine personality being completely disguised in the frail .and tottering figure of the great statesman. .-Stern anej masterful in his open ing 'scenes, ~, he yet delicately indicates his affection for his ward Julie de Mortemar, and with every movement is the wonderful car dinal the saviour of France. The imperious manner of a man born to rule gives place to that of the affectionate guardian of youth and innocence, the great dignitary cf the greatest Church the world has even seen can, in spite of countless court intrigues, find -delight in the loves of Julie and De Mau prat, and with a judgment ofttimes cruel and unmerciful mingle that love of country which was his distinguishing charac teristic. Tender in his passages with Julie, ironically humorous in his treatment of De Maurjrat, and bitter in his denunciation of his enemies, Mr. Bentley's Richelieu is greatest in the scene in which the cardinal invokes the awful power of the Churoh to the protection of his ward, whose virtue is threatened by the licentious King. Casting off for the moment the physical weakness of the aged Minister, Riohelieu, transfigured by the vehemence of his passion, is in form and feature the em bodiment of an avenging chinch. Equally powerful is the last scene, in whioh Richelieu, rising superior to his enemies, produces the fatal dispatch which sends to tbe block the very_ conspirators who were plotting his destruction. Mr. Bentley is undoubtedly seen at his best in this drama, but his ex cellent performance has the unfortunate result of showing the deoided weakness of his com pany. Julie de Mortemar, Riohelieu's^phan ward, is essentially the second character in the drama and one in whioh many successes have been made, and therefore the least said about Mis3 Marie Fraser's impersonation of the role the better. Mr. H. R. Roberts is deserving of great credit for his excellent performance of De Mauprat, whioh was a pleasing contrast to most of the other characters in the drama. Mr. MoGowan was well oast as Joseph, and it is possible to accept any of the atones con cerning the weakness of Louis XUI. after Beeing liie MajeBty as portrayed by Mr. Hill. Miss Vivienne was fairly good as Francois, and the remainder of the company doubtless did their best. 'Riohelieu' was repeated on Monday and Friday evenings. 'THE MERCHANT OF VENICE.' There was a large attendance at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening, when Shake speare's famous comedy, 'The Merchant of Venice,' was produced by the Bentley-dramatio company. Of Mr. Bentley's impersonation of Shylock it may be said that, as in Hamlet, he shows an evident intention to 'popularise' his reading of the character, and that consequently there is a bold and vigorous coloring in his presentment of the Venetian usurer whioh, although un common, by no means detracts from the merit of the performance. The main principles of the character are olearly set forth, bis grasping avarice and religious intolerance, together with that pride of race and national dignity whioh form bo striking a contrast in his nature. Mr. Bentley's Sbylock is at times declamatory, but the impersonation is evidently the result of thoughtful study, and is an impressive and sympathetic one. Facial expression is one of the features of Mr. Bentley's skill, for without a syllable passing his lips he is capable of suggesting such feel ings as rage or hatred by a look or gesture whioh anticipates speech. The gleam of diabolical exultation which comes over his face on hearing of the failure of the argosies of Antonio, and the expression of fiendish im patience with which he wheis his knife in the court soene, are eloquent of the struggle within ; while the sad, bewildered, and dejeoted visage with 'which he. leaves, the justice chamber, ruined and alone, cannot fail to arouse a feeling of pitv. It is in these scenes that- Mr. Bentley is at his best, the power and skill dis played in the trial scene being rewarded on Tuesday evening with a unanimous and well - merited call before the cur tain. Miss Marie Fraser as Portia was more successful than in any of her pre vious impersonations in Adelaide, although the 'delivery of the famous speeoh 'The quality of mercy is not strained' might have been improved upon. Mr. H. R. Roberts was excellent as Bassanio, and Mr. Hairy Hill de serves oredit for his impersonation of the merry Gratiano. Mr. Joe Stark caused con siderable laughter as Lawrence Gobbo, and the remainder of the company were seen at their best. 'The Merohant of Venioe' was followed by another of Shakespeare's oomedies, 'The Taming of the Shrew,' in which Mr. Walter Bentley appeared as Petrucio and Miss Kate Bishop as Katherina. Mr. Bentley made the mook tyrant Petrnchio a merry and light hearted gentleman, but firm of purpose and strongminded enough to cope with and over come the domineering and spoilt Katherina. Miss Kate Bishop's impersonation of the shrew was an excellent one, the frequent out bursts of petulance being realistic, if somewhat stormy, while her acting towards the close was womanly and consistent. 'The Taming of the Shrew' has been condensed into one act, occupying about an hour in playing, and a little more judicious pruning might be in dulged in with advantage. 