WAS IT A.GHOST THEY SAW ' Mrs. H.H. Jenninga lives at No. 211. Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the swo women Slocked all the doors and went to the theatre, leav ing not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house talking and laughing; But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second, Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic statue. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt. sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long old- fashioned pistol. The women fed screaming from the room, and. when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the palour and all the doors and windows securely loked. What was it the women saw.? "During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several succesive nights. On these nights about two o'clock I was suddenly aroused, from a doze by what seemed Uie the alling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image.of my motherjust as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on whish journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed -and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for rve never seen -it since, and it's inore than three years ago now." 'No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you whnyour system is out of condition. In March, 1890 it was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott aoadPoliestowo, Hants, wrote us 'as follows: " "Iwas so dreadfully nervous I.could not bear anyone ia theroom with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call for help. This ias in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. T'here was often a severe pain in my head and over .my eyes, and I was'sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and biwels:felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie h-lpless in bed. The doctor ,aid he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not even retain that on my stomach By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. SMy newmbr coipletely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends ngreed I would never get betier. "'II hd given up all hope, when onoeday Mrs iWeit,:o nouniemouth, ciieda\kAaE ed,:srbat •I waas taing. She told me.ahe was just ainba'dly offherself once, and was cured '.y, Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith.in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went dowstairs. Now I am as well as ever. Ican eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." .: The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indi gestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new: vigour to the digestion and thus- fed aud toned the nerves. . .Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ighost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves. all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. 'Ghosts .come from the inside of the. persop, who sees-them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup.. has .do~a its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and' wholesome. - 