A SCIENTISTS DETECTION. BY NATHAN D. URNER. After a professional sojourn in Wash ington of several Weeks, I was returning to my home in New York, under a strange state of depression or foreboding. It had awakened me at midnight in my hotel, and still hung to me distressingly, thoughnow ratheras of ah evil that had actually befallen' ,dtid was. past mend ing, I hadOong been an earnest investiga tor of animal magnetism or mesmerism— hypnotism they call it now-a-daya—-and had 1 become powerfully skilled iu< its practice. , i Therefore, this species of clairvoyance, or fore-feeling of ill, either as affecting myself,dr someone near and dear to me, and. ds a. psychological accompaniment of my supersensitiveness of organisation, as thus cultivated, had come to possess, a peculiar significance’for me. But upon taking my seat in the train, and opening a New York newspaper 6f that morning, purchased a moment before, there was the explanation of it dll before my eyes:; . , T ‘ • ‘ , It was in & brief; account of a murder* which had taken place at or near the preceding midnight. . . The victim was Doctor David Emanuel, my next door neighbor, a fellow scientist/ a gentleman of great wealth, and my most intimate friend. He had been found assassinated in his. library, at the . open door of his money safe, by his wife and their younger son, a lad ofi 19i Their outcries had brought the servants, and the police* had been summoned. , The unfortunate gentleman had been barbarously beaten down ■ with a heavy piece bf iron arid then choked /to death.. All the cash was missing, probably seve ral thousand dollars,, and everything in dicated robbery as the motive of the crime; but thus far there was no. clue to the perpetrator. There was, an elder sou—Jefferson Emanuel—-who was said to have de parted for Chicago early on the previous evening. \- Such were the facts that had been pro curable up to the time of going to. press. They were meagre enough and yet strongly enough suggested the subsequent mystery which has indeed shrouded the affair,, so far us the general, public is con cerned, up to the present hour. My train had not yet started. I re member perfectly my primary emotions after the initial shock. The first of these was a profound com miseration for the cruelly widowed wife and mother—a fine, devoted woman of much more than average intelligence— and for the younger boy Calhoun, self contained strong-minded and steady going beyond his years, uncorrupted by money, and who had always agreeably impressed me as having a possibly bril liant future before him. My next was a sensation of gratitude, almost of relief, that the elder son, Jefferson, had quitted the city* previous to the tragedy—had made out a chance ease of alibi before hand, so to speak. Scarcely yet in his year, he was already a veteran nmn-about-tpwn in the worst sense of the terra ; head strong, incorrigible, and whoso frequent quarrels with Ins father with regard to supplies had long been notorious. ■ At tills stage, of iny sensations- the train began to of the station. I looked out upon a crowd of fresh ar rivals who woio pouring along the be tween-tracks platform from a New York train that had just got in; The result was a fresh shock for me. Among them was a tall, shapely young follow, wearing a plaid ulster, close-but toned and pulled high up at the cars; Brief as was the glimpse I had of him, I felt all but certain' that it was. none other than Jefferson Emanuel. I thought I recognised not only the face and the carriage* but the*dress. • • And yet how could it be | A strange and long, roundabout way t.p bo heading for Chicago, surely I Could he knpw of the tragedy at home ? ' • I leaned out of the car window and looked back, but the figure had almost instantly lost itself in the crowd, and my train was already well on its way. “ Most likely a chance resemblance, nothing more,” I said to myself, but with a sense of haunting disquiet which never afterwards left me—until! know all. ' / The inquest developed pothing. The police teemed to do their best to,: save their reputotion. There were all ports of theories. An innocent tramp, an old House-Weeper's holf-imbepile son, and a homeless peddlar, were severally sought to be connected with the fatal piece of iron, but only to bo reluctantly dropped by turns as unavailable. And tl\o affair gradually settled dovyp iptp one of the impenetrable mysteries. True, there was left a vague general impression that both the family and the chief of police knew more than was ; per mitted to appear. And it may have been regarded as significant that the latter — theretofore regarded as a vigorous, efficient and cheerful minded official—retired, suddenly and suspiciously rich, into private life, soon after the filial .relinquishment of the case, and died a few years later, after becoming.an unaccountably morose and unhappy man. ■ But that was all. Jpffpisoa Emanuel wept to, continue his worthless, dissipated life abroad, with a comparatively meagre income provided by bis father’s will, \yhich was perhaps increased by his mother's generosity. I, for one, however, managed to keep some track of him, in his wnhderipgs, Perhaps tl{e v(idqw ppd remaining 1 son suspected me of sharing the general i sus picion, or it may bo that they feared my mesmeric insight and power, whose bene ficent aid had not infrequently been sought by the entire family in times past, when suffering from temporary nervous disorders. - " i " At all events, from having be6u; in ti mcitoneighbors and warm friends, they grew distant and , cold, finally avoiding mo‘altogether. < ; . ; .. Tlio years Bped pn. ! ‘ : . ' !: bicougbt bacicifrpm,a long in England t>y the fqitltlu I younger son in n himontjablo sfcate of"physical arid mental decline ' iVor, . Then ICalhoun pamo. 'to me, I in terrupted his stammered excuses for past >neglect bycordially grasping his hand, nn<b further relieved Jus embarrassment by , the kindest .and, most, sympathetic -words, ■ -• : 11 f ■ Then ho said, brokenly. 1 . “I fear my pother is dying, !She seems to be slowly but surely succumbing to some rpontai and nervous distress, whiqhihe dootorsdonGt hhderstand land >Kn1flfhrs ; drpadfdlly isjfrpqWon;jy delirtous, though 'in a mumbling- arid -wholly / unin telligible WaVT ;i MV bl-other'* is' hhming afew' idqy8. v <will ’woft a change ior the better, but I doubt it* Old won’t you essay your power o£ mesmeric suggestion ? I cannot forget how you used to charm away our headaches and my poor father’s rheumatic twinges ip -the old days. Of course, this is more—terribly more—serious. But, oh, sir, do come and try 1” ; It' was Tate at night, and I accompanied him at once, ' ' ' I was unprepared for the pitiable change in Mrs. Emanuel’s appearance. Propped upon her pillows, she was but the ghost of her former grand and stately self. . She was wakeful, in one of her brief lucid intervals,' and recognised mo at once. “My head! my head!” she.moaned. And, seizing ray extended palm, she pressed it to‘ her burning forehead. But before I- could make any. passes, she sank pff into delirium. At first her words were mere unintelligible mumbl ings, as:<0alh6un had said. Then suddenly there came an astound ing change, not upon the sufferer, but upon me. ■ 1 stood entranced, hypnotised by the mental horror.' I had hoped to ’relievo, charmed into, perfect and congenial clair voyance with that fierce delirium that was under my sympathetic, touch. I hot only clearly understood the woman’s ravings, but looked into another room, the library .in which a terrible scene was, being enacted; and re-enacted by that haunted mind. For an instant'I controlled myself enough to turn to Calhoun and the pro fessional nurse, who were at the; bedside I with me. “Are the raving words still unintel j ligible to you tyro 1” I asked, curiously. 1 The young man bent forward, with, an r alarmed, suspicious look. ’ - | “ Yesj of * course they are !’’ he ex claimed: “ Can they be otherwise to 1 yem?”- ■ I-prevaricated by shaking my head, and then surrendered myself wholly to the vision of horror and revelation that was before me. It was over at last. I sank, half faint ing, in an easy-chair at the bedside. It was some little time before I could rally. Then the sufferer was in a profound, com posed sleep. The nurse looked greatly encouraged, while Calhoun grasped my hand effusive- Jy- ‘ “ You must have done her good !” he exclaimed. But I shook my head doubtfully. “ I am afraid nob,'’ I said, perhaps a little more harshly than I intended. “ Isn’t it in Macbeth that something is said about there being no remedy for— However, one can always hope for tlie best.” And I abruptly quitted the room and the house. 1 The next morning Mrs, Emanuel’s death was announced. She never awoke out of that last pro found and sore-needed sleep. It was as if she had earned ' the .boon of earthly rest at last by transmitting to me the guilty secret that was consuming and tor turing her noble heart. Jefferson Emanuel did not reach home until after the funeral. I met him, with his brother, a short time prior to his setting out again abroad. He was now rich, his mother’s death baying left him a hulf-sharor with 'Cal houn, of the large patrimony. He was, therefore, looking not Only exultant, but insolent, I can scarcely describe the loathing and indiguatioii with which the sight of this handsome, dissipated fellow filled me. His own brother seemed either ashamed or afraid of him, perhaps both, and to look forward to his fresh departure with a sense of relief. The scrnpegrace was reputed to have parried, an actress or two while abroad, and to have associated almost exclusively with cheap gamblers and other vicious characters. It was also said of him, though with how much truth I could not say, that never since his father’s murder had he sought his night's rest .without being <so tipsy with champagne as to ensure the slumber that might otherwise have been denied him. However, beneath all his superficial effrontery, there was a shifty, hunted look in his bold black eyes, whose mean ing was now no longer a secret to me. Our meeting was in tlie drawing-room, almost directly adjoining the library in which the tragedy had been enacted, and whither I had come at Calhoun’s request, to give my advice as to some expensive articles of brip-a-brao that were presently to be sold, i Even then I might Have let him off and hold back the terrible revelation I had discovered, had not the rascal angered me by some scoffing and alto gether uncalled-for allusion to my mes meric belief and powers. “ They are just ns honest and just os. genuine now, parricide,” I exclaimed, “ as they'were five years ago, when I saw you quitting the Now York train in Wash ington (a round-about way of reaching Chicago, surely) on the morning follow ing your venerable father’s midnight mug-.,' der in yonder room !” Ho turned ghastly pale, and then, ad' ;vanced on mo threateningly, butT waved him back. “ Do not:fear 1” I continued contempt uously. “ Mine is not the sort of testi-j mony that could hang you, as you de serve, though none oou)d bo truer and more convincing.- It was shot into my understanding by your - mothor’s Jong suffering, lorig-hnunted spirit, and all for your protection, in that last struggle which she mode V with her morality, It was a revelation rhndo to me not only through the mystic channels of the science which you affect to despise, but from the very threshold pf death itself. Listen, and tremble 1” > Ho had sunk, into a softfj in a species of collapse. - Calhoun remained standing; but with a look of consternation that was a sufficient corroboration of the truth of my. accusation. ' ' . i‘ . I'' thenrapidly and impressively; de scribed the tragedy scone which had been so strangely vouchsafed mo, j ! “ You *“ctfhio ‘ JibbVe:: late thAt hlglit, .'‘ in a furious tempore; You- have passed the daV in sloopingoff'thp previous nights debauch,' and in a solimty ’ obscurity that was; peculiarly favorable for the false alibi that was afterward so cleverly sot up! for you at mother's an,d brother** in stance;;;'’ ’/ _ “ Youfouud yopr father alone ini the library—alone in the lower part of; the house—whore he was considering some ac counts before his; oped safe, : ' “Had you premeditated what followed? At til) events, you had picked up' in. tho f atVeet and slipped into your pocket; the piece pOrpn ,w ith.wli ioh jhe deadly work ,w,<v3 begun, if not oqnsuliimated. ; • ‘ Halt mad "feufouS s ,o^br; : is:: .jwte, you abruptly and insolently demanded a cheque for a large amount to set you on your feet again, as you called it. “Your father’s temper was never of the best, and you had long since tried it beyond endurance. Ho refused your' do- ’ mono indignantly,, even--threatening to , disinherit you on the morrow. “ Beside yourself with rage, you pre cipitated yourself upon him., There was a wild.struggle, during which you badly beat and pounded liim down with the bruising iron. “ Your victim emitted but one feeble shriek.. It was (fortunately for you) heard hy none but your mother and brother, who had gone to their respective apartments and partly disrobed, bub had not yet retired. “ They burst into the room, but too late to save. Pallid and unmanned, but unstained with blood, you were just re laxing your strangling clutch which com pleted your father’s murder.” ‘* Your mother was known for her force of character and strength of mind, no less than for her womanly sensibilities. This was your salvation. The mother proved paramount to the wife—her pity for you, the murdoror-soii, controlled her horror of the deed which had so brutally widowed her. A glance explained every thing to her tortured heart." “ Ply !” she gasped. “There is money in the safe. Take what there is and be gone ! Cos to Chicago, where those friends of ours have been expecting a visit from you. Calhoun and I will give it out that you left early in the evening. Quick leave it to us ! Fly ! fly 1” “You obeyed without a word, skulking guiltily away like the crime-stained mon ster you had become. “ Why you took a train for Washing ton instead of Chicago, I neither know nor care. No more do I whether the re tiring chief of police was enriched by hush-money provided by your family, or not. Their solicitudes' for your safety was perhaps pardonable. “ Bub of this, Jefferson Emanuel, be sure. There is one other besides your trembling, shame'strickcn brother there who knows of your guilt as indubitably as if he had witnessed it with his own eyes, . “ “You onco more go forth into the world to seek the peace you shall" never find, and this time enriched by a second murder—that of your noble mother. You arc ‘no less responsible for her death than for that your father. Go !” The young man suddenly sprang to his feet in an access of frenzied fear. “ This babbler must bo silenced !” he cried, producing a revolver. “There is danger in him ! ’ But his brother disarmed him without any difficulty and I coolly strode away. I have never seen cither of those young men since. Calhoun also went abroad. Ho was a fine 1 , capable fellow, and I have heard of his winning renown under an assumed napie as an African oxplorei. I read of Jefferson's death in London less than a year a|»o. He died in the most wretched poverty, and probably without a friend. I have always deemed it a pity that 1 could not have utilised my strange dis covery in a manner to bring the murderer of my old friend David Emanuel to jus tice, but I still do not sec how it could’ have been done. Testimony of that sort would hardly receive judicial consider ation. But is it any the less true and convincing ? 