TWICE LOST. A TALE GF LOVE AND FORTUNE. BY RICHARD DOWLING. CHAPTER L.— (Continued.) Although tho Furham main road, which crossed tho top of Muscovy Place, was a busy place at -9 o'clock of a fine night, Muscovy Place itself was very quiet at that hour. At 8 Mrs. Staples had cone for tho night. Mrs. Orr had retired to her room, and Pollio was Bitting in tho old straw easy chair enjoyinjj, at tho open window, the Thames bathed in tho light of the moon, and the air soft and warm enough for a couple of months later in the year, roltio had been able to work unusually late that evening owing to the clear air and the broad, full moon, which camo up at the going down of the sun. Two lloora below, at tho open window of the parlor. Edith awaited the arrival of Jcatcrs. The light was burning in the shop, it being more convenient to let a visitor m through tho shop door than through tho hall. Sho kopt the door from the parlor into the hall open, so that she might near in case her visitor knocked at the lmll door; she kept the door of communication between tho par lor and tho shop open, so that his knock might not escape her if lie came to tho shop door. Edith was not curious as to the business upon which Jeaters was i going to consult her. He had as good as said it was not about an engagement ring or tho dato of their mar riage. Sho had put John Crane's engage ment ring away tno day she accepted this man. She had 110 plcasuro in John Crane's ring now that she had given her word to another. It was dead, line her dead self. She had been sitting listlessly, thinking of nothing, with her eyes fixed on the waving sheet of marvellous silver the moon made in tho river. A knock came to the shop door. She rose, and as she went to auswer it noticed, with a weary look, that it yet wanted five minutes of nine. Sue opened tho door and held< it open, expecting Jcatcrs to step briskly in. No one entered. Sho looked out. A thick- act, short man, in a pea jacket and peaked cat), was standing on the flagged way. Beg pardon, ma'am," said the man, touching his hat respectfully, " I know its late, but if you would let me have it, I want a silver watch about five quid, if you please, any sort a'most would do. ' It's too late, come in the morning, said Edith, half closing the door. He shrugged his shoulders. "Tho reason ma'am I made so bold as to ask was because no one can tell where the wages may be in the morning, onco I lay hold of the booze. You SCO, IVo only just come ashore after being paid off, and I. want a watch anyhow." "Ships are not paid off at this time of night," said Edith, suspiciously. a Quite right, ma'am. We wero paid off at 12 o'clock, bub I had to do a job aboard ami 1'vo only just got it finished." " But if you get tho watch and are so foolish as to drink, the watch will be no safer than your money," said Edith, still more suspiciously. " Pardon, ma'am, but if you give mc the watch and put it in a box for me I'll leayc it with you to post for my girl in Goolo, and then 1 can't lose it." Edith glanced out into the main road, and saw that dozens of people were in sight. "Very well," said she, "come in." The sailor stepped across the threshold. In tho gaslight of tho shop his appearance was less satisfactory. His hair was long and un kempt, his beard long and shaggy. His face and hands wore black with grime and dirt. The gold and silver were locked up in the safe. She left the shop door open and asked the man to sit 011 the one chair. She turucd np the gas fully. As she did so there was a double Knock at the hall door. "Mr. Fan- sourfc !" thought Edith, with a feeling of relief. " I shall feel safer with him in the parlor. I was beginning to feci sorry I had let. this man in. Now I shall bo all right." She ran round through the parlor into tho hall and said hastily to Jeaters, " Mr. Fan- court, will you excuse me a moment. I have a lato customer — a man who wants to buy a watch ; I'll be with you in a few minutes. Oh, I forgot to light tho parlor gas. Will you light it, if you please." She hastened back to the shop and shut the door of communication between the parlor and the shop. She found the sailor seated as she had left him 011 the one chair just inside her father's bench and in front of the safe. The man looked very stupid. She suspected him of having " laid hold of the booze " already. She was in 110 luirry to meet the visitor in the back room, mid yet — She opened the safe and handed him the watches. "This is £5 5s, this is £5, and this Is £4 10s," she said. She was careful to keep in the line of viow through the door into the road. lie handled the watches clumsily, as if he wero thick-fingered, half drunk. In the middle of the counter there was a bell bundle which rang a bell in the parlor. Edith took a step nearer the bell bundle. If she called out her voice must be heard in tho parlor and the street. She thought this man would never decide. She was hoping he would decide to have none of the watches. She was beginning to feel uncomfortable at keeping "Mr. Fancnurt " waiting so long when he showed his tact and consideration. To let her know that lie was not impatient or bored he began to sing in a deep rich low baritone. She had never heard him sing before, and she listened to his voice with pleasure and gratitude for his kindhcartcd- ncss in letting her know lie w;is at ease. She knew the song well. She told herself it had been suggested to him by looking out of the dark room cm the blazing field of silver made by the moon upon the Thames. He was sing ing, " As 1 view those scenes so charming," from " La Sonnambula." " I'll take this one, if you please, maam," said the sailor, holding out the one for live pounds. Only he was so ignorant and stupid Jie would know it was the worst bargain of the three. She got a small wooden box and some wad ding, and put the watch in it. " You have a safe here';" said tiie man, pointing. "Yes," said she, feeling extremely uneasy, looking out to see that help was within cull and backing towards the bell-handle on tho counter. He spoko gruffly, indistinctly, liko ono with something in ids mouth — tobacco, no doubt. " You will put the watch in tho safe. Tho watch will be all secure, and in the morning you will post the watch ?" " Yes," Would he never give her tho address and tlic money, and go? The sing ing had now ceased, and her impatieneo and uneasiness began to grow almost unbearable. The sailor put his elbows on his knees and his chin 011 bis hand, bending forward and seating himself at case as if he were going to stay for hours. "Eve just comeback from foreign parts," said he, fixing his eyes 011 tho ground as if concentrating his mind for a long yarn, " and while I was in the wester- most Atlantic I met a man who told me if ever I wanted anything in tho way of a time piece and honesty to conic here. I've got the timepiece, and now I want tho honesty." "You want tho honesty?" sho said, " How tho honesty ? You have got a watch which is honest value at the price, though if you had left the choice to mo it is not tho one I should have selected." " Tho watch is all right, ma'am," said he, in his clumsy, heavy voico and way. ' But it's something else I want the honesty about. You see, the man 1 speak of gave me a small parcel, and said I was to bring it here, and leave it here for him in care of Mrs. Ovr, to bo doft till called for. And tho honesty comes 111 this way: The parcel was in a box when he gave it to me, ami the box has got smashed, and tho leather bag, which was inside the box and was scaled, lias got bu'st, ami the things that wore in the lcathor bag have got loose. I want you ma'am, to give mo a receipt for them, such as they are. I want you to put them in the safe and keep them until tho person that owns them calls. I reckon they must be worth money past telling, well nigh. Look at them and count them. I make out 302 stones of all colors." lie handed her a chamois bag. She look a baize covered tray and spilt tho contents ol the bag out on it under tho gas. With a cry of astonishment she ran her lingers through the pile of glittering gcins. Then she eyed a few closely. 41 Why," sho said, looking at the sailor who had not changed his attitude, except that ho was now gazing up into her face, "they arc real and of great size 1 I never saw so groat a heap before. They nro of enormous value." " Tho man that gavo them to me, and told mc to leave them here, said they were worth twenty-live to thirty thousand pounds." "Tho man who gave them to you and told you to bring them here! Who wa3 he?" saitl Edith, retreating to tho counter for support, and placing tho tray of gems out of iior hand, for her limbs had begun to quake. "Well, it's a long story, but from' what I could make out it was his wish that if any thing happened to him tho stones were to bo Miss Edith Orr'a, tho lady I am talking to, by what he told me of her." "Ob, God," she said, "and that awful thing lias happened to him." "Eve hcardjllmro were rumors of tho loss of the ship and all hands ; but then ho was very lucky always, and he may have escaped. In fact, I think thero is reason to believe bo is alive." The sailor rose from the chair. She crossed the lloor, and falling on her knees before him, lifted her arms to him until her clasped hands touched Ilia face, "If thero is mercy in your heart, for God's sake tell mo why you think so ?" "Because I know. Because I am sure. " How." " Because. I am he !" Edith sprang to her feet and backed away . from tlic speaker. Sho stretched out a pair of trembling hands to Mm, and would have fallen, only that he sprang forward and caught hor in his arms. At that moment tho yell of a man and tho shriek of a woman burst upon tho ear. CHAPTER LI.— Husband and Wife. As Pollio jeaters eat that evening in Edith Orr'n room at the open window gazing out on tho Thames, all silver in the moonlight, sho was at peace, and nearer to happiness than for many a long day. Mrs. Natch- brook's had boon a haven, but it had afforded nothing beyond safety and peace, and so long as sho was thero sho had beforo her oyes sights which recalled tho supremo misery of her lot and the terrible ending of her married life, 1 Here in this cheerful room, high above the over-moving rivor, she found variety and a scene of movement to keop her from stagna ting. Edith's voice, and spirit, and manner, I and sympathy, even in her own troubles, 1 were more potent for good than the rough kindness of Mrs. Natchbrook and Jim's young wife, Nancy. Looking out on tho moonlit placid stream sho gave play to her fancy and pictured to herself the river bringing back to her all it had swept away, all that had been finally lost to her on its bank, in its waters. If nob 011 earth perhaps in a clcaror and higher life the old state would be renewed, tho state of the first few months after marriage when she had nothing to do all day long but think of her handsome gentleman husband, who in part thought of nothing but honoring her and anticipating her wish in all things. She never for one moment regretted her marriage. ( If it wero given her to live hor whole life over again she would marry Frank Jcatcrs again. She would risk all, sutler all for tho sake of the intoxicating sweetness drunk by her when she believed lie loved her, and loved her only, and would never love another woman. Oh, to bo His love once more for but a day sho would take all the illness, pain, disappointment, and woo sho had known since she could remember ! Ay, she would go back to that last awful empty house under which flowed tho river sho then dreadod and loathed. Sho would go back to that fearful place, and live thero tho remainder of her life if sho might have one day only of tho perfect bliss sho onco knew, one evening even, one evening of the moon like this, with her head resting on his shoulder, with him singing softly tho songs she loved, and running Ins fingers through her hair, and stooping now and then to kiss her forehead, her oar, her neck ! All at once hor thoughts stopped. All at once her thoughts stopped as absolutely as the motion of the river would cease if tho water were frozen fathoms deep. Suddenly her ear caught a sound which filled her soul with ecstatic awe. She rose stealthily from tlic chair and drew near tho open window as cautiously as though she had lighted on a gathering of midnight fairies and feared to scare them. The moon stood low in tho east, and no more of its direct beams entered the room than made a narrow zone of white radiance on tho floor and a pilaster of shining marble on tho western wall. Into this region of light she moved, and reaching the low sill of the win dow leaned out over the river, listening as though her soul took life from a sound. The deep voice of a man came upward to her bent car as though tho sound rose from the silver surface of the water. She could see 110 one. It was a spirit voice ; a spirit voice singing a song she knew well — "As I view those scenes so charming." was the song. This spirit not only sang the song she knew so well, had heard him sing so often, but had borrowed his voice, had bor rowed the very quality of tho voice which used to make her feel insolently secure of her perfect happiness as she lay in his arms while ho sang. If this spirit music were so heavenly up here, so like the music sho had long ago heard and felt until her very heart ticmblcd with ecstasy, it must bo a thousand times more exquisite lower down. She rose from tho window sill, and with a footstep soft as the music's self, crept down in the dark, stair by stair, steadying herself by the balustrade lest any noise might mar or destroy the melody. When she reached the foot of the stairs bIic found tho door leading into the parlor open. The song was almost ended. No such mimicry as this could be the work of morlal man, ami no man could he hero but Edward Fancourt, the rich suitor of Edith Orr. No light bub the light of tho moon camo from the parlor, so that no one was thero. If there was no one in tho parlor, and yet the voico came from that room, it was plain the music was spirit music, and was sounding here as clear and strong because it came in from tho surface of the silver water under the witchery of the moon. With inaudible tread she stole into tho parlor. In this room thero was part of a zone of moonlight 011 the floor aud part of a pilaster of gleaming moonlight-made marble against the western wall. But neither tho zone nor the pilaster was perfect, Each was broken by shadows, by tho shadow of a man seated 011 a siiair. The moonlight fell full on His face, shone on the moist under lip, shone 011 the gleaming white teeth, making them white as pearls with the sparkle of diamonds. The whole of tho man's face was in tho full light of the moon, his eyes glittered cold and white liko small moons. They were fixed on the moon her self, and as he sang with perfect ease and free from all consciousness and preoccupa tion, his appearance was weird, spiritual. When Vollie saw the man she said in hor mind, " It is his ghost, his spirit. He never looked so sweet and tender. Ho will look like that when wo moot- in Heaven I am glad I came down. As Boon as tho song is finished he will disappear — he will melt into mist— he will glide away through tho open window." She stood inside the door and gazod at him until the song was over. Ho did not disap pear or melt away ; ho simply turned his head and glanced out at the stream. Sho drew a step nearer with the utmost caution. The sight, was uuuttenibly precious to hor, and she dreaded that motion of hers might can c it to vanish, and yet it was so intole rably dear it drew her towards it. The window was 110 higher than a man's thigh. The chair in which Jcatcrs sat was low. He leaned forward and, resting his elbow 011 tho sill, looked up and down tho river, taking his fill of beauty from the lovely night. It was April, the spring. There was no likelihood of Edith and liim being married before summer, but in the summer they should be married, and tiicy would go north. They should go on a sea voyage along tho Norway coast, inside the multitudinous isles. There the unmooned summer night was never darker than the Thames now. He had read of these sheltered mazes of the sea, and they yield interminable sur prises and delight lib for his wondrous sweetheart's eyes. He hiul never kissed his Edith yet. Ho had never put his arm round her waist ; he had never held her hand unduly. Partly, this was owing to a kind of fear ho had of her, partly owing to the fact that they had never met alone, and partly owing to a strange, sickening shirking ho had to touch the mourning worn so newly for the man she loved. She had put John Crane's engaged ring away from the finger on which Jcatcra's ring was to go, but she clad her whulo body in mourning for the man who owned hor body and soul. But when sho camo to him hero to-night in the moon she would bo all white. Even her black gown would borrow rndianco from the splendor of tlic moon, and ho should tako her quietly iu his arms, as though it wero the mere form of shaking hands when they were alone, and he would kiss her lips as though no other form of greet ing were known. When lie should hear tho front door shut and this late customer had been dismissed he should rise. When the door between him self und this room opened ho should go to tho door and take his Edith's hand. While lie was leading her across the room he should put his arm round her waist, and when they got into the moonlight ho should put his arm round her neck and kiss her. IIo should do it all mechanically, as though no other form of greeting wero possible — all — exconfc tho kissing. When he held her head in cue loop of his arm I10 should kiss her — as it pleased him — as it might arise — but certainly not as though 110 other form of greeting were pos sible. At this point of liis thoughts lie felt a hand 011 his arm. Sho Had come in without his hearing tho front door shut, without his noticing the door of communication with tho shop open. Sho was at tho right hand side of tno win dow, tlic dark side. " Dearest !" he cried, springing to his feet. " Dearest, I didnob hear you enter." Sho said notliiug, lie put his arm round her. He had never done so before, and I10 thought 'she seemed leas tall because ho had never touched her waist until now. Ho had judged her height always in the daylight and by sight, unit now he was judging by touch in the dark. He put his arm round hor neck and gathered her head to him with iulinito tenderness. "My love, my lovo 1 My only love!" ho moaned into her car, and kissed her up turned lips before ho moved his foot. Then, that he might feast his oyes on her sweet beauty before ho tasted these not ! unwilling lips again, I10 drew her into the moonlight, holding her nock still in tho loop I of his arm. I Ho moved slowly. Ho moved so that tho full light of the moon might fall upon her face. ! When ho saw what lie had kissed aud what lie still held in tho loop of his arm, it was tho corpse of his wife. Coil hud found out his crime and sent the dead body of His wife as witness. With the yell of a lost soul seeing its accuser and knowing its doom, 1 caters sprang through tho wiudow into tho Thames. Pollie uttered ft piercing shriek, and sank gibbering on tho chair. " What is tho matter," cried Crano, burst ing open the door from tho shop. " It was not his ghost," whispered Pollie. 'It was my husband himself. When I10 kissed me I felt tho brokon tooth against my lip." CHAPTER ML— Tire Last. Whether Frank Jcators was drowned that night or not 110 one over knew. Tho fate which ho had designed for his wife had bo- fallen himself. IIo had dropped into the Thames and never becu heard of after. Whalover chanco Pollio had of recovering her reason fras for ever lost that night. She waxed in body and waned in mind. She became the gentle uncomplaining companion of Edith, wno remained no longer Edith Orr thau it took John Crano to sell his gems and buy up tbo busiucss of Wrightou and Fry. Upon the investigation of Wrighton and Fry it came out that the business stood in no way responsible for tho collapse of tho firm. Neither of the partners was satisfied with 20 per cent, trade profits. Both had plunged into speculations in bides or railways in Peru, or ostrich farming at the Cape, into everything or anything so long as it had nothing to do with tho trade to which either had been brought up. Those who had known John Crano during the few yQars of his manhood placed un limited confidence in his grasp of his busi ness, his shrewdness, his inventivo genius, and his absolute integrity. Ono of his first acts on getting into the new premises was to offer Ben Shcrwin the best position that highly respectablo married man was qualified to fill in the grand establish-' ment on tho Viaduct. The salary attached to Ben's new position was of so satisfactory a chaructcr that Ben told Kate, his wife, he was now able to support nob ono wife but two, and that ho intended to marry another as soon as lie found a second in every respect the double of Kato herself. But, as he in formed her with mock dolor, neither ho nor anyone else could find anyone within 4000 per cent, of tho requirements of tho case, there was a very strong chance of liis remaining to the end of his life an insufficiently married man. " Under these melancholy circumstances, my dear," he said to his wire, " I think tho bust thing I can do is to give you your own share of the money and the share of the other wife, as well as two or three times tho lovo I would givo to each of you if I was married to both of you. I am firm about tho money, my dear, but if you want more of tho love say tho word, and I'll try to meet you in the lane when tho clock strikes nine, 01 in any other way that may bo for our mutual advantage — please address care of Wrighton and Fry, Holborn Viaduct, London, E.C., post paid, enclosing a penny postage stamp for a reply, not noeossarily for publication, but as a guarontco of good faith.' After tho marriage of Editha and John Crano, and wlicu they wore living most happily, bub with Mrs. Orr in Hampstoad, John Crane set up Nancy Natchbrook as a stationer and papcrsellcr in No. 8 Aluscovy- placo, at which she was inuch neater to tho groat Arsenal where Jim was employed than she had been in tho Isle of Dogs. Mrs. Natchbrook, tho elder, did not require help from anyone, ancl would have resented the offer of it, as she had not only a business which more than sufficed, but a stocking as well as the embroidered handkerchiefs. It was more than suspected at the Islo of Dogs stairs that Georgo Saycrs would, notwith standing his sayings against women, have been glad to sign a frcslf deed of partnership with one of tho name of Natchbrook at any church licensed for tho registration of such deeds. Mrs. Natchbrook did not, however, at all second his desires, aud upon George's ascertaining tho unwillingness of the widow, it is said hisgloom could not bo expressed by any words man is acquainted with, and that after a period of silence his language was such towards women in general that 110 re spectable printer could be supposed to keep letters capable of setting it up in type. The story of John Crane's extraordinary adventures in foreign parts had gob noised abroad, and great curiosity being felt in the expedition which resulted in so astounding a piece of luck, one of the interviewers of the Evening Bulletin waited on him to obtain an account of his adventures from the time of his leaving Jialize. At first Crane's modesty made him decline even seeing the journalist. But Ben Slier- win's lovo of romance, which, owing to some strange perversion of mind, he connected with anything in print, was brought to bear on his friend to the result that the following account appeared in the Bulletin one tine evening that summer. " Sinco Mr. J'ohu Crane's return from Central America, he has not been able to spare time for house hunting. At present he occupies spacious and handsomely fur nished apartments in Bedford-row, Russell- square. Mr. Crano is the most modest and unassuming of men. In an interview accorded a representative of tho Evening Bulletin , ho began by saying that all his adventures bad oomo to him by accident, that ho was Cockney born, and would have been quite content to end his days without sight of a more savage landscape than the view from Hampstead Heath or Greenwich Park, or experience of more dangerous seas than the English Channel at Brighton. "Mr. Crane's mission to Guatemala was undertaken in comieetiou with the death of an unclo out there. For tho purpose of this interview it will be sufficient to say that instead of receiving a considerable sum of money in Vera Paz, Mr. Crane found him self in a wild, hall-civilised country, without the prospect of a penny of tho fortune lie expcctcu, that he was robbed of every thing he had bv a band of marauders, that for days and days I10 wandered alone through the trackless primeval forest, emerging finally on the Pincridgo of British Honduras, whore the first person lie met was an outlawed Englishman', tho leader of a brigand band, and that Mr. Crane finally found himself in Balize, tho only town in British Honduras, without a farthing or a friend. I11 Balize, Mr. Crane succeeded in borrow ing a few pounds, and shipped as " boy" 011 the 'Opal, a barquo hailing from Hull and bound to London with a cargo of logwood. Interviewer: I believe, Mr. Crane, you knew nothing of the sea? Mr. Crane : Nothing whatever. I ani a watchmaker and optician by trade, and was never at sea even as a passenger until 1 went to America. Of course, Captain Bains, of the Opal, was aware of this. IIo told mo I10 would not expect mo to go aloft ; I was to make myself useful 011 deck. Intorviewcr : Did anything remarkable happen at the beginning of tho voyage ? Mr. Crane : No ; we had beautiful weather. Interviewer: Perhaps you will bo kind enough to tell me what befel later ? Mr. Crano : \Ye were some days out when one morning I heard the mato say lie did not liko the look of it. " It" at sea always means tiie weather. That day was very hot aud oppressive, with little or no wind, and wo wont along chiefly/by tho aid of the current, an aid which Captain Bains could well do without, as he was new to tho coast, which was at this point thick with coral islands, in side a line of which we had kept after leav ing Balize. Next day it began to blow shortly after dawn, and almost instantly it seemed to nio a tumble cyclone was upon us. When it struck us I was on tho poop. The barque lay over, I rolled into tho waist and was washed clean out of tlio ship by a tremendous wave which seemed to come along with the first of the wind. Interviewer: You were washed overboard? Mr. Crane : Yes. Interviowor : Was an effort mado to rescue you ? Mr. Crano : Fortunately not, or rather fortunately I was not rescued. If I had been rescued by the " Opal" then I should not bo hero now. Within a few miles of wbcro I was swept overboard she struck 011 a coral reef, ami she and every man in hor perished. Interviewer : We left you, Mr. Crane, struggling in tho water. Mr. Crane: Tho "Opal" carried a few light spars lashed together 011 deck, and these wero swept off by tho sea which car ried me overboard. Tncy wero tumbling aud tossing about in the water and I swayi for them us well as I could and succeeded 111 reaching them. Thero were four spars lashed together. Fortunately tho lashing held and they formed a rude raft. In very few minutes tho awful wind passed. Tho sea had not timo to get up, and that even ing the raft grounded on a long, low island, and I scrambled ashore. Interviewer : Not much tho worse of your wetting ? Mr, Crane : Not much the worse of my ducking, but very much tho worse of tho rolling grinding of tho long loose spars. It appears Captain Bains, ought not to- have been in among these islands. Interviewer : The island you found your self 011 was uninhabited? Mr. Crane : Oh, yea. It was uninhabited at the time. Interviewer : And barren. Mr. Craiio: On tho contrary, it was covered with tho most luxuriant growths of all kimls of tropical plants and flowers, but no trees. Interviewer : And thero you found some thing very wonderful? Air. Crano: Yes. The island proved al most perfectly flat. It was about two miles long by a mile broad, and in the centre there was a hollow, and in tlic hollow were threo shallow artificial openings. These openings were about 20ft. uccp, 10ft. broad, and 7ft. high. They were perfectly dry, and con tained a few articles of old Spanish furniture dropping to pieces, Thero were two old rusty flint-lock guns and a couple of swords oaten through with rust. In one of tho caves I found a mouldering muss of what had been a man. It was lying anion;.; tho ruins of a rotten chair. Before the chair Lay tho rotten remains of a table. A few old-fashioned drinking glasses lay among the fragments of the table, and when I stirred tho bones and rags of what had onco been a man what must have been a stout waist- belt fell in powder, and among its dust I found threo hundred and two largo cut stones, which sold for twenty-soven thousand pounds. Interviewer : Ancl how long wero you on the island ? Mr. Crane : A month. Intcrviower : Had you any difficulty about fooci ? Mr. Crano: No. In tho forest I almost starved. But in that region when you are not shut in under trees or lost on a sea of grass, when, in fact, thero is any kind of mixed vegetation, everything is food. You have only to stretch out your hand and pluck and cat. Interviewer : And how did you get off? Mr. Crane : I was taken off by another homeward bound vessel — the Sea Mew, bound to tho Thames, with logwood too. That iS the most marvellous part of rny story. Only that that vessel, the Sea Mow, of Aberdeen, was out of her course too, the chances aro that in another couplo of hundred years somcone.might find a second heap of bones and rags in that cave, and tho treosuro it has been my good fortune to carry to England. Interviewer: So that you havo been lost in the forest and lost in the sea ? Mr. Crane : Yes, I have bceu twice lost. (Tho end.) 