%ht g t o r g - U d l e r * THE CASE OF LADY LUKESTAN. BY A. GALBBAITH. [Author of "The Spin of the Coin," &c.;] Coeval with the existence of mankind has existed the belief in ghosts. Like other cults, it has had its ups and downs, its periods of exaltation and of persecution. It has received the sanotion of the priesthood, and attained the dignity of a special office in the Book of Common Prayer. It has 1 beenlashed by thescornof the materialist, and derided by professors of exact science. Advancing education stripped it to the skeleton as superstition, and advanced thought has reclothed it with the nebulous draperies of esoteric philosophy. The swing of the pendulum and theexertir- ( rights riphtH as B* a citizen citizen have h fi yet v Pt, t-^.tmt "J" its The State recognises it <f * ftablished. labours under grr „ "Xy -egaUy, a ghost Catholic befr- disadvantages than a tion Bill —'" "la passing of the Emancipa- It cannot make a will or bring an at law. No Judge on the Bench would Gob Vict on the evidence of a ghost, though, eould subpienas be served on the spirit world, 6ome eB C ?P e( i tlie gallows and many died p ' 1" l ? li< ? Iy Cn tne j scaffold, inscead of decently i ! , , , K ' l B bt .'y or wrongly, however, the law takes i no cognisance of ghosts, and ghosts would seem to he aware of this, and occasionally act with the irresponsibility of those who cannot be called to account. Legally a ghost has no existence. Tbis point was eetabli6hed in tbe case of " Lukestan v. LukeBtan and Others." The trial, as may be remembered (it was very inadequately reported in the daily papers), involved the succession to the Earldom of Marylebone (1776 Q.B.). Mr. Baron Collings, before whom tbe case was tried, ruled there was no evidence of a legal marriage between the late Lord Lukestan and Miss Pamela Ardilaun, that the entry of the said marriage in the parish register was a forgery, and he directed the Jury to give their verdict for the defendants with costs. I do not pretend to criticise the learned Judge's attitude in the matter, though it was apparent from the first that his " summing-up'' was dead againet the plaintiff. I merely place before such of the public as may be interested therein the exact facts of one of the most Bingular cases ever heard in a Court of law, and the public, which is always intelligent (is not vox Populi, vox Dei an all but universally accepted axiom to-day ?), may judge for itself whether Lady Lukestan, otherwise known as Miss Ardilaun. was entitled to the sympathy due to a deeply injured woman, or the contumely which is justly heaped on the head of an unsuccessful adventuress. Morally, Miss Ardilaun was not entirely innocent. She nndoubteily played with the feelings of a nervous and hyper-sensitive man. Other women have done the same without any very serious result. The mistake in Miss Ardilaun's case was that she did not take the trouble to study the mechanism of her plaything. The truth is, that years of overwork, enforced solitude, and rigorouB self-repression had reduced the Rev. Cyprian Martyn to a condition of mind closely bordering on insanity, and in this condition he construed an ordinary flirtation into a cardinal Bin. He believed that in falling in love with Miss Ardilaun and acquainting her with the fact, he had broken his faith with God and man, and incurred the curse pronounoed on those who, " having put their hand to the plough, turn back." In a moment of delirium he told the girl that his choice lay between the Creator and the creature—between good and evil—and that he had deliberately, and with his eyes open, chosen the latter; that be was prepared to risk all penalties here and pains hereafter for the gratification of his passion; and, as he had proved himself unworthy oi the high office of the priesthood, he would resign his' cure, marry ber, and claim the privileges he had purchased at the price of his very soul. It is at all times dangerous to disclose the inmost workings of the neart to a woman, who rarely comprehends, and can never realize, the length, breadth, and depth of a man's passion, and this mad avowal was the seal of Cyprian Martyn's fate. Miss Ardilaun probably resented the position assigned her by the terms of her lover's choice. She certainly thought him insane, and the-event proved her to be absolutely correct). She -very curtly stated that, at no period of their very informal acquaintance, had she reckoned on him as a factor in her future life. She had tolerated his attentions solely because she was bored to distraction in the rural soli- tude periodically insisted on by her aristocratio and tyrannical invalid aunt; and as to her marriage, the only part he couid possibly take in the ceremony would be that of marrying her to another mas, ior Bhe should never dream for a moment of marrying him. With this rather crael speech, Miss Ardilaun would have parted from ber clerical admirer, but before she could realize his intention, Martyn bad caaght her in his arms and kissed her passionately full on the mouth. "You have ruined me body and soul," he said, when at last he released her; " but remember, I shall marry you, if not to myself, then to another man. Living or dying, I will have my revenge." This was his farewell. A week later he was found dead in his study, with an empty bottle, which bad contained morphia, lying on the table at his side. That the unhappy man had deliberately taken his own life was beyond a doubt. AU his affairs had been set in order, hiB liabilities paid, and his correspondence and diaries destroyed. He had written to his brother and only near surviving relative, reqaeRting him to receive all such goods as he might die possessed of. and begging him to carry out certain directions as to ih« disposal of hie body. . was ^ 'f^'r ^ ^ P roduce d at the inv w ^ m ? unfit for prolonged existence. As the dead m a . n had bor ? e the most exemplary character, J l n L X ^ i d ^ T X ' n ^ Tafd^Smeuf The lodl practitioner stated in evidence that ^ x f e r h ^ n n u S S o K T ^ was then in a very low, nervous state, and complained of depression and insomnia. He (the medical man) attributed hiB condition to over-work atfi insufficient nourishment. Mr. Martyn wafi a strict Anglican, and held extreme views on matters of self-discipline. Hallucination as to the oommission of some unpardonable sin was a common and painful feature in cases of religious mania, from whish, in his (Dr. Garrod's) opinion, the deceased 5 was undoubtedly suffering at the time of his death. The Jury brought 'in a verdict of "suicide whilst of unsound mind," and tbe unfortunate wan was buried in the shadow of the village church which for ten dreary years had been ~ e scene of his ministrations. All this happened in the autumn of 1880. During the following winter I made the rcquaintance of Miss Ardilaun at a crowded "at home" given by the wife of a legal luminary of the first magnitude. She was kind enough to give me a dance, and enquired if I knew many people. £ confessed I was practically a stranger, brought by my cousin and particular chum, Charley Roskill, who as a dancing man and a rising "junior" was a persona gratissama with his hostess. I tbink it was then Miss Ardilaun owned to being tired, and suggested that, as the rooms were hot and overcrowded (which was certainly true), we should find a seat outside, »nd she selected one immediately opposite the stairs. Our conversation turned chiefly on Roskill, in whom my companion appeared to take more than a little interest. She said Sir Charles had spoken of him as an Attorney- General of the future, and she asked what struck me as rather a singular question. "Is he." she said, "the sort of man to whom you would advise a woman to go if she were in urgent need of assistance and advice?" I replied, " I was convinced that Boskill. like myBelf, would at aSiy time bo ready to place his entire professional resources at Alias Ardilaun's service, and that he was undoubtedly clever." She laughed a little. " I wasn't sure," she said ; "but you ought to know." Then she went away on the arm of a young man, who had arrived to claim his partner. It was Lord Lukestan. I saw them several times in the course of the evening, always sitting out in sheltered corners, and engaged in earnest conversation. Lukestan was a good-looking boy, a year or two Miss Ardi'aun's junior, and it struck me that ehe accepted his manifest admiration inasetious manner, which indicated that she meant business. _ I mentioned this to Roskill as we walked home together, and he laughed the suggestion to scorn. Lukes tan'a people would never permit such a match. It was well known that old Lord Marylebone destined hie nephew for bis couein, Lady Adeliza Skelton. It was quite possible that the boy himself might prefer Miss Ardilaun as a bride-elect, but he could not afford to run counter to his ancle's wishes. He was dependent on his prospects as Lord Marylebone's heir, and more than half the property was unentailed. " Besides," he concluded, " the girl hasn't a penny. She is virtually the companion and white slave of her aunt, old Lady Catermaran. Take my word, it's only a common or garden flirtation, and it won't last long at that. Roskill speaks with authority on social matters, and I let the subject drop, but somehow I wasn't convinced. People talked a good deal about Miss Ardiaun that winter, but with the new season interett in her teemed to di« down, She was seldom seen, and I beard throngh Roskill that J she was devoting herseif entirely to her aunt, who bad become a confirmed invalid, and went nowheie. It seemed a dreary life for a young and beautiful woman, and I wondered whether Lord Lukes tan's engagement to hia cousin, which had been formally announced in all tbe society papers, had anything to do with girl's sudden retirement from the worH^ In June Lord Marylebone ^ ^ 'p or ^he pastsis.months he had hovering on th® bnnk of the grave, and no one hadexpeoted him to last bo long. He was, from accounts, ^ho^dotey^f^ S r e v ^ i n 1 funeral a* chief readir" ' " a was present at the subsequent -t of the will. There were a few. legacies \- servants and dependents, and a suitable provision for Lady \deliza. The bulk of the j*operty went with the title. Lwfeestan was now Lord Marylebone, and a free Bgent, but the dead man's shoes, for which he bad waited, were destined to be fitted on a dead man. He left Marylebone Castle for town on the evening of tbe funeral, an evening made memorable by the occurrence of the worst railway disaster of recent years. The night mail from the North collided with a goods train a little beyond Settringbam Junction, and while the confusion and dismay, incidental to such a misfortune, were at their height, tbe Lowton and Wolds express dashed into the re3r of the wrecked passenger train, and completed a scene of horror rarely equalled in the annals of modern travel. The daily papers chronicled in full the phastly details of the catastrophe. The boil9r of the express engine buret within a few minutes of the second collision, and steam and fire alike wreaked their fury on tbe unhappy passengers imprisoned in the overturned carriages. First on the long list of victims, published by the evening press, was the name of Lord Lukestan. The compartment which bad been reserved for hit use was reduced to matchwood, and it was only after immense exertions on the part of the officials that the budies of the young man and his valet could be removed from the mass of smoking debris. " Poor fellow, "said Roskill, as he put down the paper. " HIB luck has come too late. I wonder"—he paused to light his cigarette over the lamp—" how Miss Ardilaun will take it ?" We had dined early, preparatory to looking in at the Frivolity, but somehow the smash on the Great Northern had taken the edge off our interest in the new burlesque. Roskill's acquaintance with Lukestan bad been of the slightest; to me he was hardly more than a name, Dut the tragic circumstances attending his death evoked a sympathy that was almost personal. "I wonder," Charley repeated, meditatively, " how Miss Ardilauc will take it ?" Tbe words were barely past his lips when the servant appeared with a message. " Lady to eee you,' sir. She wouldn't give her name, but I was to say her business was most urgent." She muBt have followed close on Steven's heels, for before he had finished speaking she was in the room. A tall, Blender woman, wrapped from head to foot in a long cloak of softly rustling silk. She wore a thick veil; but, even under this disguise, I was struck by something familiar in her gait and carriage. The moment the door had closed upon the retreating man she lifted the thick folds of black gauze. It was MIBS Ardilaun. Her eyes were red with weeping, and her face as white as a sheet. " I hope you will forgive me for disturbing you at this hour," Bhe said, going straight to Charley, "but I knew you lived in chambera, and I wanted to find you at home. I am in grea) trouble, Mr. Roskill, dreadful trouble, and I must have advice without delay. I thought—I felt sure you would help me." If Roskill was surprised (and I think he was) he did not show it. He said simply, " I shall be very glad to give you any assistance in my power, Miss Ardilaun," and looked at me. She followed the direction of bis eyes, and became aware for tbe first time of the presence of a third person. I intimated my readiness to withdraw, but Bhe cut me short. "Please don't go, Mr. Bryant. I am not sure that I don't require a solicitor's rather than counsel's opinion—at present. In any eaEe you may as well hear my story—if you do not mind." I was only too glad of the opportunity, for I own my curiosity was a good deal excited. We sat down and waited. Miss Ardilaun's manner was that of a woman who has nerved herself to go through anything. She was unnaturally, almost horribly, calm. She began without any hesitation, speaking in a dry, metallio tone, which was devoid of the least trace of emotion. "You have seen in the papera that Lord Lukestan was killed last night in the railway accident 1 I had better tell you at once that he was my husband. We were married last J anuary. There were strong reasons for keeping the marriage secret. Lord LukeBtan was entirely dependent on his uncle, who had other viewB for him, and he dare not risk the consequences of openly disregarding those wishes. At that time Lord Marylebone was not expected to live more than a few weeks, and he (Arthur) felt sure that a private marriage would be the easiest way of. extricating ourselves from the many family difficulties which Eurrounded us. We never anticipated the necessity for secrecy lasting so long. Of course Lord Marylebone's partial recovery placed us in a most painful position, bub we ksew it could only be temporary, and we resolved to chance it and wait. That was why Lord Lukeetan'a engagement to his cousin was formally announced. What would have happened if the old Earl had insisted on their immediate marriage I don't know. Fortunately, or unfortunately, he did not make a point of that; and when circumstances rendered it necessary that our marriage should be acknowledged, Lord Marylebone died. I cannot tell you how rejoiced I was to reoeive the news, and only last night I went down on my knees and thanked Goa for this." She drew a telegram from her pocket and laid it on the table before us. The message had been handed in at Marfleet, the post town, for Marylebone Castle, and ran— " Thank heaven, all right at last, am leaving by night maiL Shall be with you 11 Tomorrow. Will see Craike on way. Arthur." "I thought my prayers had been answered," she went on, in the same low, eren voice, " that my troubles were over; but yoa see I was premature in my thanksgivings. To-day I am in the most horrible position in which any woman could be placed—a widow who has never been acknowledged as a wife. I have neither father nor mother. My aunt has never desired my oonfidenoe; Bhe has always regarded me in the light of an unpaid servant, and even if I wished to do eo I could not consult her now, for the doctors inform me that in her present state of health any sudden shock might prove fatal, i have no other relations, no one to whom I can turn for help. I must make my marriage publio. What am I to do?' The first Btep was manifestly to procure the necessary proofs of the marriage. We said so and enquired whether Bhe was provided with a copy of the certificate. She replied Bhe was quite certain that no such document had been given or demanded. "I know nothing about the preliminary arrangements," she said, " I left them entirely to Lord Lukestan. I cannot even tell you the name of the village where we were married, though I should be able to find my way there. It is a tiny plaoe, quite out of the world, abont ten miles from Garsting Junction. Parker, Lord Lukestan's confidential servant, met ns there with a cart, and we drove straight to the church. It stands above the village on the top of a hill. We were married bv the vicar. I know his name—it is Martyn." I referred to Crockford, and presently found —" Martyn, Lucian John, Vicar of Slumberle-Wold, Yorkshire." "That is the man, I suppose, was ho a personal friend of your husbaud's?" "He was a stranger to both of us," she replied, emphatically. I undertook to obtain a copy of tne certificate, and wrote the same night to the Rev. Lucian Martyn. To my utter dismay I received in reply a courteous note regretting his inability to comply with my request, as the marriage to which I referred had never been solemnised, Mr. Martyn's letter reached me by the first post. Two hours later I presented myself at No. 20, Berkeley-square, asked for Miss Ardilaun, and was shown into the library. In a few news minuteB as gently shB as I joined could. me, and I broke the She seemed utterly overcome. " It is impossible," she repeated ; "he cannot deny it. Beside, there are our signatures in the regTBter. Surely he can be made to produce that." " You are certain that Martyn is the right man ?" I asked. " You could swear to his signing the register in that name ?" " No," she replied. " I never saw his signature. 1 wrote my own name and I saw Arthur write his. Then Parker witnessed our signatures. Mr. Martyn followed, but I did not see what he had written." " You must excuse my asking questions. Lady Lukestan, where they are necessary. You mentioned that the clergyman who married you was a stranger to both you and your husband. How do you know that he was Mr. Martyn?" She hesitated. " I knew him from his likeness to his brother." "Yon are acquainted with his brother, then?" " I was. The subject is very painful to me. Mr. Cyprian Martyn is dead. I believe he committed suicide, but oar—our friendship had entirely ceased before that took plaoe. I never corresponded with him, and our people were not aware of our acquaintance. It was merely an affair of a few weeks, and terminated very abruptly." . ^e likeness between. '<h e tJKrthenr I V r S ^ t ^ , ^ ^ wa^wliw®— ^ more than striking, it botVv—- ^6be shivered—"if |they were -»mg I should not have known them -part. I was aware that Cyprian Martyn had a brother, who was vicar of a remote parish in Yorkshire, but until the last moment I did not know that he was to marry UB. If I had heard the name eooner, I should have used every means in my power to prevent it." "Youare prepared to affirm on oath that your marriage was solemnised by Mr. Martyn in due foi m, and recorded in the parish register?" She looked surprised at my question. " Certainly I am. You eurely do not doubt my word ?" "Net at all, but this is a very serious matter. Will you now tell me every detail connected with the ceremony 7 1 "As I said, I know nothing of the pre' liminary arrangements. During tbe third week in January, Lord Lukestan and I were both laying at ChUworth Priory. My aunt was also to have been of the party, but a n-vrre cold detained her in town. Lady Chilworth has gnat influence with Aunt Maria, and persuaded her to let me go to Yorkshire without her; I was to take part in some theatricals, and my place could not be supplied at the last moment. It waa the opportunity for which we had been waiting, and we decided not to let it slip. Lord Lukestan's plans were complete. He showed me a special licence, and ne said Parker' knew a village where we could be married; and that all the nccessaiy steps had been taken. We left Chilworth on the morning of tbe - 23rd of January. I had previously wired home that the heavy snow would delay my train twentyfour hours. Lady Chilworth was going abroad almost immediately, and as I write all my aunt's letters I was not afraid of the deception teing discovered. We left tbe train at Garstang, where Parker was waiting with a hired trap, and we drove to this church. There was no one about. The clergyman was waiting for UB at the chancel step. He began the service at once. Parker gave me away, and we afterwards signed our names in the vestry. We drove back to the station and caught the next train to Doncaster. I returned to town the following day." "Was there any conversation between Mr. Martyn and yourselves?" " None; he did not speak to either of ns. Lord Lukestan put the fee on the vestry table. It was a ten-pound note, and he remarked afterwards, that the vicar might have wished^ us luck. There was no lock for us, I suppose,"' Bhe concluded bitterly. I waB a good deal puzzled by this sudden check. However, I said what I could to cfimfort her, and suggested that the clerk conld be produced as a witness. "There was no clerk," she replied, " there was no one in church but the clergyman, Parker, and ourselves." From Berkeley-Bquare I harried to the Temple, found Roskill, and decided with him that I should go up to Slumber-de- Wold, see Martyn, and examine the register. I found the vicar at home, and acquainted him with my errand. He received me civilly, and in reply to my questions informed me that I was quite at liberty to inspect the register, but it was not possible that I could find any entry of the marriage. " Since I received your letter," he said, "I have referred to my diary, and I will gladly' give you all the information in my power. I find that on January 20 I received information of an intended wedding. The note, which was brought by a man who looked like a superior servant, had neither address nor date,, and WHS signed Arthur Evtlyn Lukestan. I am quite ignorant of the various titles of our aristocracy, and was not aware of the existence of such a person as Lord Lukestan. I was informed the marriage would be by licence, and that, owing to certain circumstances which oould be explained to me, if needful, before the ceremony, it was to be of a strictly private character. I ascertained that the contracting parties were of age, and fixed the timefor 1 o'clock on the 23rd. Early that morning I was called to the sick bed of a distant parishioner. As I had been advised that the wedding was to be as private as possible, I did not inform the clerk that his servioes would be required. I intended to do so on my return from Bretwell. Unfortunately I met with &a; accident My horse set its foot on a stone^ stumbled, and threw me heavily. I lay forsome time unconscious, and when I came to myself I found my ankle so severely sprained' that I was unable to move. The road is a- lonely one, and it was at least two hours before I could obtain assistance. I reached homer at 3 o'clock, and immediately sent to the church. There waB no one there. I afterwards ascertained that a lady and two men, strangers, passed through tbe village in the direction of the church, and had returned after tbe lapse of half an hour. I waited in daily expectation of hearing of or from them, but no news came, and as I did not know Lord, or as I thought, Mr. Lukestan's address. I was unable to communicate with him. I ought to mention that an open envelope containing a ten-pound note was found on the vestry table. I kept it for three months, anticipating some explanation from the donor, then, as none come, I concluded the money was intended for an offering, and devoted it to the relief of the poor." (To he Continued.) 