Summing lip the speech of tho Premier as uttered last night at Castlomaino, it may he described as opportunist and hopeful. If on the ono hand it never rises to' tho higher politics, on tlio other it never relaxes a iirm grip on tho immediate practicalities of to-day. If we may read between tho lines and interpret Mr. Patterson's thrust at "tho plausibility " of theorists," we should say that the Government lias no hankering to tako up and settle the larger questions which are obtruding themselves on tho political horizon. Possibly tho exporienco3 of Ministers in the matter of the Ineomo Tax do not- encourage other venturos. Still, the Banking question, and the Land Tax, and the one man one vote aro all thoro, and thoy will refnso to ho ignored by any set of Ministers. Liko tho ghost of Banquo, they wilt vise up at the Govern ment feasts ; and Ministers may not un naturally think, as Maoboth did, that they come to push thoin from their stools. Duu cotiiu tuuy will) mill) iiko ouiior spectres, they will imperatively demand to bo parleyed with. Behind thorn, too, stalks tho petticoat vote. If these great questions wero in the Premier's mind whon ho spoke about " tho plausibility of "theorists" as something to whioh the Government moans to give a wide berth— well, lie may rest assured that howevor lie may swear lie has no concern with tliem, they will assoi'tavoryintimato relation with him. No man can hope to lead a Govern ment in a progressive community like ours while ignoring the great principles which lie at the root of our national institutions. The banking syBtom which exists in this colony lias proved itself just what the trusting public is 110 longer inclined to trust to. A reform of tlio bnnking law is inevitable. Equally certain is it that a democracy like this will never rest wlillo people with "thrift" votes which thoy use in a dozen dill'orent con stituencies can nullify manhood sullrage and the equality of tho ballot. Vory properly these things woro all pushed into tho background during tho past session. Whon tlio ship springs a leak, the soamcn buckle to tho pumps, and leave the painting of the hull and close trimming of the sails to n moro convenient season. In this way Mr. Patterson's opportunist policy of tho past was the most expedient that could be adopted. He had to pay tho public creditor, and to find bread for destitute and workloss people. In the emergency tho readiest romedy was por- lmps the best. He has acted from tho first upon the maxim which he slated again last night, that " every idle man is oitlier a " nensbiner or a liaiinnr on thn Htntn. " So it is doubtless, and the poorer tho com munity tho less oan it hear tho burden of an army of unemployed. Tlio Premier had a porfoct right to take credit for the moans which the Government adopted in a time of exceptional stress to relievo tlio pressure from this source during tho past winter. He claims to have spout £37,000 wisely and well in the discharge of this duty. Mr. Patterson's review of the past does not appear to assume more credit than even the opponents of the Government will con cede to it. He admits that in the work done Ministers wore not harassed or embarrassed, mainly because the " onts" did not consider the task of tho " ins" to, bo " good , cnotigli." In other words, Victoria's diiliculty was the Govern ment's opportunity. There may be more diversity of view as to tlio truth of Mr. Patterson's skotcli of tho present. He looks at it through the vision of a Minister who has just anchored in a happy recess. To him it is all roseate. lie will scarcoly admit that such a thing as depression any longer exists. The tide lias turned, he tolls us. Prosperity is waxing. Trado and commerce are starting their wheels ngain. Tho great industries are stirring with new life. Coal is largely increasing its pro duction, gold is swelling the returns of the mines, and the number of the miners is larger than it was Iasb year by 1695. And hero tho Promior coinos in with some statistics which must painfully remind Sir Ilonry Wrixon of tho nttor fallacy on | which he asked Parliament to grant him a Tariir Commission. Sir Ilonry told tho House and tho country that Victoria has been drying up her great staples of produc tion, dwindling in her primal sources of I wealth, and witlioring nndor tho blight of lior pro toe tod manufactures — that lior settlors woro leaving lior lands to ruin, and crowding her cities to greater ruin. Had Sir Ilcnry Wrixon boon in the pay of Mr. Wilson, of tho Investors' licvicw, holding a brief for tho destruction of tlio colony's I credit, ho contd not havo invented a 111010 liaseloss and damaging accusation ; nnd the figures -cited by Mr. Patterson at his Costlemaine meeting last night, though not by any moans now, are so true as to confirm tho counterblast which Sir Graham Borry discharged in Parliament. Our gardons and orchards havo grown sinco 1088-89 from 27,533 acres to 39,926 acres ; our vines from 12,000 to 28,000 acres ; our annual wino product has increased from 1,209,000 gallons to 1,695,000 gallons ; our whoat Holds from 1,217,000 acres to 1,342,000 acres ; our product- of wool from 54,000,000 lb, to 81,000,000 lb. ; and our liuttor from 1,202,000 lb. to 7,098,000 lb. It may ho that Mr. Patterson's years of com parison are a little more striking tlinu a strict average would show ; hut thoBo who renioinber tho array of facts wo prcsentod ou this point arc aware that if the compari son lie extended to 20 or 40 yoars it still proves that tho colony, instead of having neglected her industries connected with thoproduots of tho soil, has developed them amazingly and continuously. Such are tho Premier's views of matters as they oxist to-day. When he looks forward to to-morrow his smilo of satisfaction broadens into a still more pro nounced optimism. Wo aro the best of all possible peoples, living in the best of all possiblo countries, and rapidly emerging into tho best of all possible times ; not to mcnlio'n that wo are enjoying the vory best of all possible Governments. As to the future, it is wiso not to look too far ahead "Comprehensive policies" may suit Quixotic Proiniers, lint hot Mr. Patterson. The Premier will keep his retrenchment eye always open ; will stimulato settle ment and production by every means in his power ; aud " by a continuous policy " of hard work and public economy" place Victoria as soon as possible out of tho reach of ail reproach. That, at any vato, is pleasant and hopeful nnd Rhrnwd. And to niiniirtaf.i<tnn.hlv irnntl en far as it goos. If it does not go far enough, we may console ourselves with the relloc- tion that tlio most judicious of Premiers nowadays wait to have their greater policies moulded for them by the friction of thought in tho Press, and by tlio development of events, rrtbhor than sook to anticipate the futuro. Mr. Patterson admits that lio cannot expect another sossion with the Opposition so quiescont as the last, but he prudently declines to anticipate trouble. It is rather a remarkable sign of the times that a considerable soction of our woman hood has developed a desire to participate in public affairs, Some people afiect alarm at this phenomenon, but it ought really to be warmly wolcomod as an indication that educated women do not fool inolincd I to abandon thoinaolves to frivolity. Wo may bo quite suro that women, ovon if thoy acquire possession of the suffrage, will concentrate their interest mainly upon I social questions, more especially those which particularly concern thoir own sex and tho jtivonilo population. Tho pro- 1 gramme of tlio nowly established Women Voters' League of Now Zealand shows plainly enough the trend of female political thought. The abatement of intoin- perance, and of tho "sweating "of fomalo workwomon, tho promotion of charitablo objects, the greator caro of tho friendless young, and tlio diminution of sexual, im morality arc among tho chief " planks" in tho women voters' platform. Fomalo menial activity in tiie United States hat developed on similar lines. Wo nocd not ho surprised that tho temperance question lias been given tlio pride oi "place ainongBt the social questions with which American womon concern tliomselvcs, since it is the woman and her children who are the greatest sufferers from the mtomporanoo 01 tlio nusiinna. is is truo 1 that the mode of conducting the war against tlio "saloons" in Amoricn is sometimes grotesquo, and not always in accordance with that scrupulous regard to tlio equitable rights of others which I commend themselves to men, but there is no questioning the excollcn'co I of tho motives of the fomalo campaigners. Australian woman aro not qnito so demon strative, hut it would ho d mistalco to sup pose that they havo been less eiiorgotic in the prosecution of good works. The cause of charity is much indebted to the re ligious organisations, and tlio inner lifo of tlio clinrclics to-day owes its vitality very Iargoly indeed to tlio female clement in the congregations. All this seems to show that, oven outsido the doubtful Rphcre of politics, tlicro is an ample field for the gratification of those altruistic impulses which dominate tho minds of so many of the ladic3 of tlio present day. One of tlio most valuable reforms carried out in the colony during recent years was tho substitution of the hoarding out system for the groat barracks in wiiieli tho infant wards of tlio State were formerly immured. It was quito impossible to divest those institutions of the character of gaols, and wo need not lie surprised that the children brought up in them, without tho semblance of family life, turned out badly in a great many instances when thoy wore sent out into tho world to earn their living. Tho hoarding out system has lieon attended with much better results. In very many instances the foster parent and fostor child became warmly attached, and inallcasestho humanising influences of family life havo nlnvnlod hlio olmrnoi.nr of f.liA wnlf But tlio boarding out system would not have been sitcli a success had it not been for the supervision of tha ladies' committees formed in tho districts to which U10 childron woro sent. We need hardly say that every ono who volunteers to adopt n child from tho Industrial School is not fitted to ho entrusted with the charge, and as the supervision of the police in such cases must necessarily be imperfect, thero might havo been many a case of cruelty but for the watchful eyes of the ladles' committees. It is now proposed that those committees Shall undertake the supervision of the persons and promises registered under the Infant Lifo Protection Act. Kocent revolutions in Sydney and Melbourne slRvv that it is quite possiblo :to carry on a systematic course of child murder, where parents aro simply eager to got rid of their offspring, and harpies aro ready to profit by their want of natural affection. The law supposes that the liconsed houses and per sons shall be kept umlor ' the survoillanco of tho police, but it is- obvious that only the disappenranco of an infant hoarder will rouse tho suspicion of foul play in tlio ordinary policeman's mind. Now, killing need not he with violence. Want of clouiiHiioss and uiiwholcsomo food may "remove" an infant that is not wanted as effectually as poison :or a tight cord, and is less likely to leave evidences of guilt behind. A constable is not a com petent judgo of infant treatment, and his visits may be made a shield for tho wrong door rather than a means ' of dotoction. Tho visit of members of a ladies' committao would have a vory different result. -The condition of thu minagc, tho character of the nurse, aud tho state of health of tlio child would ho apparent to them nt a glnnco, and if thoir effortR he sscondod by the authorities in seeing that no unregistered "farms" aro toloratcd, wo may hope that tho occupation of tho baby farmer will be gone, nnd thnt the public foelings will not again bo harrowed by accuuuts of tho cruelties per- petroled upon tho unfortunate and un friended waifs of humanity. The advice of Artoinus Ward, Bliowman, that " wo must fetcli tho public sumhow ; " we must wurk upon their feelins," is evidently not forgotten by Messrs. Sells, American circus proprietors. When these enterprising successors to tho immortal Barnum arrived in Now South Wales with their highly moral entertainment, it was found thnt many of their horses were suffer ing from glanders, a disease which it is said tho gipsies alone can care, a feat thoy accomplish by administering the samo powder they give as a lovo potion. Exer cising their undoubted right to enforce the quarantine laws of tho colony, tlio New Smith Wales authorities refused to admit the diseased animals, and, like Madame Earnhardt's dog, tho horses woro placed under tho yellow flag. This necessary proceeding was done in the kindest mannor possible, and the circus people thanked the depart ment for M10 consideration shown to them in allowing tho horses to land, and thus Btiving unnecessary loss. But apparently tho circus business is I languishing in tho States, and the Now South Wales exhibits have proved a greater attraotion than tho clowns and acrobats of the circus. This is the only rational reading that can bo placed upon the action of tho Mossrs. Sails in inducing the sheriff at Chicago to seize tho gold exhibits of tho mother colony as security for her putting in n defence in an action for £10,000 which the circus people have begun against tha quarantining I Government. Sir George Dibbs lost no timo in instructing the Agent-General, Sir Saul Samuel, to lay tho matter before tho Colonial OHice, and the Marquis of Ilipon lost no time in communicating with tho Foreign Ollico. Thereupon Lord Rosebery directed the British ambassador at lrusmjigbuu bu iiuvika biiu uuuuaaiuy tupio- sontatioiis to the American Govornmcnb, and the consequence is thnt two great nations are at present advertising the Sells circus. It is said that the Colonial Ollico regards tho soizuro asa"gravo breach of " international law," and it cortainly is a much graver brcnoh of international comity than Sir George Dibbs's famous denunciation of Chicago. Two wrongs, however, do not make n right, and the action of tlio American shoriff seoins quite indefensible. Evon supposing tho State of Illinois had jurisdiction, the de fendant in the case is not a private indivi dual, whose depqrtnro from the country could be provontod by a writ of ne exeat, hat a State which cau always be served with a writ, and whoso property cannot ho secroceu or sraustcrrcu. .again, sue goons woro not sent to Chicago for ordinary trado purposes, hut at tho urgent request of tho World's Fair Commissioner in'order to make the " greatest show on earth " a success. International honor was pledged for their safety and return, and tho Ameri cans wero hound by every decent santimcnt to send them back in as good condition as possiblo. Instead of doing so, a local oliicor is allowed to seize thorn because an action has liecu commenced in the American courts against a friendly nation. If tha circus people have any oause for action against the NowSouth Wales Government, the ordinary remedy is at hand, and thoy must bogin an notion in the courts of that coloiiy. Tho quarantining I of the horses was dona in accordance with tlio municipal law of the colony, and no foreigner has any right to objoct to municipal laws which do not contravene I international obligations. It is true that a nation is hound to onaat laws to enable her to oarry out her international obliga tions, a point which was successfully raised iiv Ttn.lv nb t.lm time of tlio Now Orlnonit lynohings. But no nation lias a further right to dictate the intornal laws of a country, and the Messrs. Soils must accept our quarantine regulations as they find thorn, and not kick bccauso wo do not alter tliem to suit thoir convenience. If tho plaintiffs have any causo of complaint, tlio courts of Now South Wales are open to tliem, and it is not to he supposed that they havo any fear;, of injustice being done. If they have, they can resort to diplomatic representations, and now Alabama or Beliring Sea claims may be pressed. But to seize the' oxhibits sent by a friendly State to a peace agapemone like tho Chicago Exhibition is nothing loss than the height of ingrntitudo and unfriendliness. Ameri can Ministers have a great deal more senso than to areata nn international diiliculty for the purpose of advertising a ciroUB, and, ns will ho seen by a tolegrnm from Sydnoy in anothor column, have assured the British Foreign Ollico that the Attorney-General of the United States is taking nieasuros to ! roloase the exhibits. 