LITENARY NOTES. " A popular clergyman," remarks the Satur- day Review, " is a favourite oriminal with the writers of sensational stories. He must be a Bitualistwith a beautiful voice, and of unflinch- ing courage. His crime must be nothing less than murder. The cheaper sins bolong to other parties in tho Church (we are speaking of fiction.) The Evangelical may commit adultery; the Nonconformist may forge or embezzle; but the privilege of murder is a monopoly of High Churchmen. We do not pretend to account for this arbitrary distribu- tion of " sin capacity" among clergymen. Wo note the ciroumstanco without criticising it. The Jesuit, of course, has been played out. Like the demon in-the pantomime, he was always checkmated at the last ; his plots never carno to.anything, and sheer disappointment has driven him from the arena of fiction," Mr. C. G. Loland continues to progress in his arduous task-the translation of the works of Heinrich Heine, of which the seventh and eighth volumes havo just been published. Commenting on a remark in one of these to the effect that Heine is, " as an inspired thinker on 6orious subjects, far greater than as a poet," the Saturday " energetically protosts against the theory," and adds-a view of the matter with which most of the admirers of . Heine and of poetry will agrei "Heine was, no doubt, a 'clayver man,' and a clayver man's thoughts _ on any subject are usually valuable. But if he had writton ton thousand times better than ho did on anything ' serious,' in Mr. Leland's sense, the best of such writings would not have had a ten-thousandth part of the value of any one of a hundred poems from tho 'Nord-See to Bimbil' ' For the things that are proso aro temporal j but the things that aro poetry are eternal.' " Architects, it appears, like literary people and other artists, sometimes are not above employing a " ghost." A recent writer on the subject quotes the rather oynical remark of a commeroially successful arohiteot to the effect that ho " changed his head clerk frequently for fear his style should get mannered." Colonel BrouRhton's "Letters from Mahratta Camp," written in 1808-10, have just been published with a proface by Sir M. Grant Duff. The author went out to India nearly one hundred years ago, was present at the osptuiB of Seringapatam in May, 1799, and in 1809 commanded the escort of the British Resident, Sir Charles Metcalfe, and for some political purposo followed tho camp of Soindia whilo that potentate was marohing for about fourteen months' time from the banks of the Chambal Biver to the Rajput States, and lived all the while undor canvas. The Mahratta system . of rule was simplicity itself. The Maharaja wont out with his army to collect tribute, to bully Rajput prinoes, to lay siege to rebellious towns, to pay nobody, and to live on the countries through which his ruffians passed. His army was kept ia arrears of pay till it broke out in mutiny. The horses of the cavalry, the beasts of burden of the camp, literally swept every plain olear of every crop, green, ripening, or ripe. ' Exemption might bo purchased with bags of rupees. Murders and instances of torturo wero oommon in the camp. The Maharaja amused himself with orgies that " would call a blush into tho cheeks of the most depraved European," and varied these elevat- ing pleasures by witnessing a fight of elephants or by flying kites. In ali theBe opisodeB of violence, treachery, intrigue, spoliation, and rapine that wore spread over a year, and in which priest, fakir, buffoon, courtesan, and Ministor sliarod, one figure comes out pure and unsullied. A young sepoy of ,22 years of ago had acquired the respect and favour of oomrades and ollicers by his attention to duty and modest behaviour. After a time it was discovered that the recruit was a woman, who had enlisted in the army I with tho view of saving a sum sufficient to froo her brother from dobt. It is the ono creditable act of Scmdia's life that he gave her a discharge, and sont hor with a fetter and a present to the Nawab of Bhopal, whore her brother was con- fined. A half-length of tho poet Somervile, in exceUent condition, and of spme merit, is in the possession of Lord Wolseley, with whoso family Somervile was conneotod by marriage. Somervile lived in tho early part of the eighteenth century. The dato ot the first edition of his poem " The Chace" is generally given as 734-5, though in an edition just published Mr. Deighton places it somo ton years earlier. It is not necessary (says the Queen) to apologise for women gardeners, thero aro already enough suucessful pioneers amongst those who havo passed through the Horticul- tural College at Swanley to prove the attrao tiveneas of the work, and the capacity of the workers. It is only two years since the Women's Branch was opened, and each exami- nation list tells excellent results. At tho last diploma examination the first and third placos wero gained by women, who, after an engage- ment with the local nurseryman, havo set up for themselves as market gardeners. A brilliant career should be the lot of such students of promise. The college teaching is as all- round as it is thorough and scientific. The in- struction is partly given in leotures and by demonstration, but two-thirds of the work is done by the students themselves under skilled supervision. First comes tho cultivation of all garden produce. The choosing, planting, and management of fruit trees trained as pyramid, espalier, or the quaint-looking parallel cordon ; then the growing of early vegetables to keep paco with foreign importations ; in the flower garden the treatment of seeds and cut- tings, the budding, tying, staking, and thinning in borders, the laying out of beds, Ac; in tho greenhouse work amongst tho roses, exotics, arnd vines. Then there is the commercial side for those who wish to grow for tho market, the gathering, packing, and selling tho produce. Besides horticulture the studont may leam at Swanley dairy work, poultry farming, and boe keeping. Side by Bide with the practical work lectures are given on the theory of those studies, leoturea on elementary physiology of domostio animals, on botany, moteorology, geology, obemistry, surveying, .levelling, bookkeeping, and building construction. The women students live in a charming house near the college under the charge of a lady superintendent. The whole cost of the training and living is covered by tho sum of £70 or £80 a year. Occasional scholarships will be awarded, for which funds are now boing raised. Twenty-three Irish creameries produced last year 910 tons of butter, which sold for £98,969, or 108s. 9d per cwt. The milk cost a fraction over 4d. per gallon, and the cost of working the creameries, including interest on capital, was 10s. 2d. per cwt. of butter, or a very small frac- tion over 1d. per lb. In a well-managed creamery at work throughout the season the cost is only 7s. per cwt. of butter, or ¾d per lb. Last year the creameries obtained as nearly as possible 1lb. of butter to 2¼ gallons of milk, and, after allowing for depreciation of buildings and plant, the co-operating farmers divided a profit. The average price of milk was con- siderably higher than small Irish farmers could obtain by converting their milk into butter at their own homes ; and in addition they got free of charge all the separated milk and butter- milk. Irish creamery butter has already ac- quired a good reputation in the English markets, and if it could be made all through the winter would compete with the Australian and the Danish. Reminiscences of the terrible Pheonix Park murders were evoked by the appearance, at the Westminster Police Court on the 11th April, of a woman accused of begging, who gave her name as Annie Palmer, but refused her address. According, to Bosley, one of the mendicity officers, the accused's real name was not Palmer, and she was the wife of one of the men associated with the Pheonix Park assassins, in whose house the knives were sharpened for the murder. Palmer became very excited when the officer,made his statement, declaring that she knew nothing about the crime. Her hus- band deserted her and went to America and she became so ill in consequence that she had been twice in a lunatic asylum. She omitted to mention that when she was charged before the same court some years ago with begging Fenian documents were found upon her. Mr. Sheil sentenced her to fourteen days' hard labour. Don't get low-spirited because grayhairs are coming on; renew the attractive colour and glossi- ness of youth by using Mrs. S. A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer.- [ADVT.] 