NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY OUT1S.) It was a true philosopher as well as a true statesman who said that, the real supporter was not the one who stuck to you in tile right, but the ono whom you could depend upon to. stand by yon in the wrong. Of course thero is not much morality lit that sort of support, but there is a lot of whole- somo human nature. Judged by this stan dard, Mr. Barton's public condemnation of his late leader's aet in " euchring " Parlia ment will not rank high as an example of j party devotion. Well might Sir Cuorgo Dibbs say, as the soldier did to Augustus, who deserted him when ill tlio hands of the police, " It was not that way I served you at the buttle ot Aotium." Right or wrong, Sir George Dibbs stuck to Mr. Barton, and looked imminent defeat in the face without turning a hair, rather than admit that his political pal had done wrong in accepting briefs against tlic people. Standing by such a principle as thai, on the eve of u general election was like standing in front of a Baldwin engiuo with a full head of steam on, hut come what might lie refused to budge. All Sir Gcorgo Dibbs had to do was rcpudiato the actions and opinions of his erring colleague, in which it is hardly coiiceivublo that lie could have concurred, and tlie impending disaster to the Ministry would have been averted. Mr. Barton would have had to go, hut tlie Government would have been saved, and might have made capital out of playing an heroic part. Instead of that Sir George Dibbs took tlio whole blame of the anti-State briefs, and went down under it, whereas, had lie beon abetter politician and a worse pal, lie would liavo used the episode as a stopping-stono to popu larity. Placed in this desperate situation by nothing hut his fidelity to Mr. Barton, Sir George sow resorts to a course for which it will ruquirc all the arts of all ilia special pleading friends to conjuro up eveu tlie ghost of a shadow of a dofenee. Where is Mr. Barton at this juncture? Holding a brief for Ilia hard- pressed leader and trying to mako tlie best of a desperate ease 1 Not a bit of it. On the contrary, lie appears for the prosecution, and plays tlio honest critic. El.tu, Toby. The New Zealand Premier, Mr. Scddon warned by the experience of other proini. nent colonials, lias set a vigilant watcli over his democracy, and is as shy of tlie Imperial branding iron us an untamed eolt. lie lias reason to he. An old trick of tlio home smarties is to decoy reproscnta. tivo colonials into a place wliero before they know where tliey are the letters K.C.M.G. are dabbed indelibly on to their political hides, after which they, nnd all whom tliey represent, are claimed as Imperial property. It is not necessary now to cnuuic. late tlie many who have suffered this fate, and whose own words we have for tlie fact that tliey were unwilling hut helpless victims. Iu all the colonics tliey abound, so that if another is caught it can only bo regarded as his own fault. They aro not, however, going to cateli Mr. Seddon, al though they are out after him with nil the usual wiles. He has just called tlio atten tion of tlie Governor to a report cabled from Loudon slating that his Excellency had recommended liiin for knighthood, ami would like to know what right anyone had to take that liberty. It does seem a hit hard, quite as hard as if Mr. , Scddon hail recommended the uiiknigliting of the Governor, but then the chances are that it was never done. People are not usually recommended for titles until it is ascertained that tliey will accept ilium, and it is hardly likely that the New Zealand Governor would send word homo to get the branding iron ready before he had yarded his man. There is a lot of snobbery displayed in hunting after titles, hub it is possible lo exhibit quite as much iu ostentatiously declining them. The genuine democrat does not want a title, neither dues lie swagger round on not having one when lie might have got it. Ho quietly ignores tlie whole busi ness. Word comes from Queensland that 0110 of the Dora Dora blacks lias been captured aud the police are hotfoot after the other. Whether this is a genuine fact, or whether Queensland is just beginning to take up the businoss of "capturing" the Dora Dora blacks at the point where Now South Wales left oil', is, however, a point upon which it would he prudent to wait for further information. A few years ago these mysterious aboriginals used to bo captured all over New South Wales 011 an avoragc of about twice a week, hut just as the law was in tlie act of closing its iron grip upon them something happened by which tliey escaped. Although tlie original Dora Dora blacks were only supposed to number two, und nobody ever knew exactly who they were or what tliey had dono, or why they should he captured, the whole country soon became scarcely largo enough to hold them. They were everywhere, and ut last it got so that settlers, during odd spells and rainy days used to take guns nnd go shooting Dora Dora blacks. No one bagged any, hut if reports might he believed, some very fair pvaclicu was made. After a while every stranger with a brunette complexion was fired at ou tlio oil' clianco of his being a Dora Dora black and still 110 one was hit. It was inconve nient for insuranoe canvassers and Par liamentary candidates, who, while the craze lasted, carried their fives in their hands, though as fur as tlio two indivi duals about whom all the fuss was being made were concerned, they rather seomcd to enjoy the fun. Meanwhile the police were as active as the American detectives who went after Murk Twain's "stolen wliite elephant." They were 011 tlie track all over the country, and the dark stranger who escaped the farmer's fowliug-pieee lmd to rim tlio gauntlet of the regulation revolver. Several limes tliey came up with the allogod fugi tives, ofton two parties ot police reporting exciting encounters with them on tlio same day in places three or four hundred miles apart, while civilians were gotting pot shots at them in several other localities. After this went 011 for 11 couple of years, Iiowever, public interest ill tlie Dora Dora blacks began to pall, and it was allowed 011 all hands that it was time soma other colony had an innings. At first none of them seemed very eager to take tho business oil' our hands, but it would now appear that Queensland, having a "silly season" on, has made a beginning. Let us all hope that it will mako a better hand of it than New South AVales did. Electioneering in Paris, although usually a wild whirl of beer and hayonota ami ballot papers, which ends in the return of a Govern ment that considers itself old aud venerable if it survives six months, is not without its humorous uh well as its serious side. At the last elections a labor can didate named Robinet, who could neither read nor write, started to stump his constituency with a hunting horn, upon which lie tootled forth democratic polities that, while quite as intelligible, had the advantage of being niueli more melodious than the average sort we get here from tlio unaided larynx. . 'Pile innovation promised to ho a decided improvement, but it was, unfortunately, not given a fuir trial. Besides his performances on tlio limiting horn, tlie candidate essayed to address the eluotors through tlio medium of print, and it was hero that lie got out of his depth and caino to grief. Tlie printer was an enemy, a revunehe man, probably, who objected to the brotherhood of nations doctrine preached by his socialistic customer. Knowing that Robinet. could not read, lie, therefore, took the mean advantage of altering his mani festo to one of blazing Imperialism. The effect was tlie same as if Mr. Andrew Kelly were to issue an address to the electors uf " Tlio Rocks," dunounaing tiiem as a lot of ilal-hatted fanatics whoso enfranchise ment was a crime, and declaring that the hell-topper as tlie sign aud symbol of polite civilisation was tlie only institution in the land worth rallying round. And tlmt is just as tho Parisian populace took it. 1 ho local Active Service Brigade immediately took tho matter up, and, unaware of the printer's hoax'' lesotvcd that Kobinol should be " removed'" from the arena as a traitor to democracy. The result wus a fierce riot, Robinetj according lo the press accounts, "looking intensely amazed at the tumult." Which shows that, after all iu politics, even tlie most ignorant may make mistakes. 