j fountain Cixlurcd. i " A clild'f tv.u&nj; 4 Ic-kJ/l ualcivlAJ. No now couriuMi "f«r Ks toomba yet ftvHdle. lllaeklioath iB-to lia' hu OddfelU'iMVlliiodcc (io- ilcpcnilcnt ' , ' 1 ' ' T , The addition In IviitoomUa perior TnVlic School ' proceeding voi y slowly. ..'<1 1 ') ohn H u riey -Aks. eand idatp 'jor Hartley iicxt vlcctloip? ,i: -iiuloouiba J'ik Kbtnte to l»c huctioned.cn -tiu, ground at Kntoo:nb;i next Saturday, Febnmy 11. ."Mr/. H. .'SoQiie iii ,Oie-Aiclgato .nt .'Mount/duoc. Lodge l.O.O.l'. to the V'OCk, 5. > : ; ; : \ AlasOhic insUdUtionRt.Mount.Vjctoriaon Satur-, flay. 7LW. Bro.'H'opson, D.G.M., is tiic installing master, ' : TTlicrhpYlrtorfiiT_th!fi "paper "baVc.tnadChTslA>l': at suing long-winded debtors. More next njoutli ! lllllos k-.- JAift. veck /Mr. Ted Ixilten cireulaTMiN"cd liis tingor ; this m'cek another -did the kuuc thing \\\ itli the voiy same saw. Wo lenm that a Iwuqnct was given at Black-- hc-rih this week, but 'our correspondent is wohiy- ' fully silent iibout it. KnUv.tnlvi OiiLiicil have recoivcd O.xvernAi's Kane- lion to ikutoiv £fi00d for giiswcnk. The Mayor re ceived the letter tbiR week. One consolation, if \vc do score Imnvy in the matter of rainfall, it will take »» mighty big down- penii to flood us out n lo lirisbauC. IhL Times. — Sir, — This is the onlcr in which the «uiinc» vill island when the auinU'i go up on Snt unlay : Spark, Nimrno, McKillop. — Yours, Ac., The Parrot. Hc'tiry TViedhnff pons to jtriFon for J2 months for nh luelingand luarn ing Annie Nornmii.of Lawkui. 'Tis said tlie nunt will now try her hatid at divor cing the pair. Miss Hell, the young lady who secured find luniurs fni skaling more than once on tW Blue Mnuiituin-, died in Sydney hospital lust week fiom iuMaiuation of the bowels. Wrxtrvh J'ast, aged 112 years, lioauteth that its ciieuhition int;ie.ised 2H0 witliin the lasl h;x weeks Lor! what sudden improvement, is then: in the ancient one to cause tins jump Bosibly the Post man is speaking truly, but probably l,e isn't. Davey. the plaintiff in tbc offensive language case lus! Wednesday, has uppmded nLtiinst the fur- failure of his sideulion at Megalong. 7'liih tclec- tidti is coveted by many, as it xiow occupies on A1 position as a rcMiit of the opening up of the shale mine. "What about the Blue Mountain Horticultural Society ? It appears to have given up the ghost shortly nft.er birth. Just tiow would b:: a splendid time to canvass Tor subscriptions. We remember a brass band list that scores! well nt an election time and wc certainly think the candidates so anxious to sene the town should send along a few guineas to the Bccrctary pro tern. The senior Member for this district, Mr. J . Conk' is convinced that the toluli&itor; was one of the ovila which were robbing the 3oung mcu of the coutitn of all commercial cnteiprisc. nnd in pro testing against the legalisation of the machine said 'everyone who had any ruga id for the rising gencratiuu would tct Ids face resolutely against the legalising of any form of pvmbliug." Last Thursday sc'uniglit about !iu friends nt t ctidod " North Seauiu Hull,"' Iiat iuud;:i. in resjumse to in- viLitunis ut Mi. uiul Mrs. W. >\"e.L-an. A \civ ! j 1 e.'i i'h'i ij t evening was spent and the time was patMud uway with singing ami dancing. A lady visitor euul ributed two excellent songs, llefiesli- lucntt were iu ribmulaticc. and the spread and the umiuier in which the host ami he their friends speaks wdunu. of j. raise for them. Last Tuesday whilst working the steam circular saw at Mr. A. Loften's wood and coal yard, Katoomba. Mr P. Hammond ran his finger where he ought to have run the wood. The finger was split and the accident will prevent the young man from following his employment for some time. He fortunately is a member of the Mountaineer Lodge of Odd Fellows and receives the benefits of that excellent order during the time he is incapacitated. There is a talk of cheap beer ut Katoomba. Wc haven't yet sampled it. and. what's more, wc don't believe cheap beer is to be obtained here. It's bosh, utter rot, and we rise up with all the indigna tion peculiar to the owner of a pure-hing toogue. to emphatically proclaim it is u ba>-c deception — n cruel lie — and that beer is awkwardly dear — high- priced, wc mean — on these lovely Blue Mountains. Sixpence is the figure for 3rd. of the tangle, and not n penny less. John Hurley, erst M.P. for Hnrtlcr, has lalclv been dodging about this district feeling hie wnv with a view to struggling fur a seat in FurJiamcut. John's connection last election with Deposit-bank llichanlsou, aud his past career as n lejTislator, are quite sufficient to warrant the electors jilacing him at the bottom of the poll if he luis the audacity to put up again. With the Hurley stamp of M's.F. the country has had enough, and wc hope never again to see John in the House a a represeiitativc of tliis or anv other dirtrict. Jnst Monday morning carl- the oldest too of widow Wilson met with n nasty accident. The lad wab in the employ of Mr. Dalwopd, plutnbcr, Ka- toomba. and it appears that he had just been olljng the machine useti for curving iron, had set it 111 motion, and it weut at a very fast rate. Tbe lad ventured too close to the rollers, bis \t got caught, and in trying to get away he thuught!o>.«.J v put his right luud on the cog-wheel, with the jcsult that part of hih thumb was crushed off. He was taken to Dr. ripark at once, who placed hiui under chloro form, amputated the thumb at the fired joint and diccd it. Wc nre almofit nick and tirc-i of dmwiug the Katoomba Councils attention to the disgraceful etate of the footpath from Mr. Woollcr's mucli- t.t1k©l-of shop tn our elevated hou.se of business. Iti'dry weather it is rcsponrible for alxJut 100 oatliF a -day, and iu wet weather a canoe is almost requisite if any one desires to get on to the metal road. It's a disgrace 1 a thundering shame! We're Almost tempted tofiwear at the six martyrs who occupy the pivicchaiifi, nnd we're not going to vote — we com mand two votes this trip — fur any couple w ho will nut promise to attend to thia without further ndu, onri each side will waul all the votes Lhoy can get, jf wc can judge aright. 