THE STORY ANDREWo FAIRFAX. CIAPuITiR V,--CON'riu',g, The following morning he re~cived a letter from Mr Pinns, asking him to call at his ofilce that day at eleven o'clock, when he would explain to him what his powers to help him were. Andrew was not late in keeping the ap. pointment, although his heart did not beat with very high hopes. Still, lie met Mr Pinns very cheerfully, and tried to suppress his disappointments. It was in a little room, at the back of a printing office, in which that gentleman received lum. Cor. tainly there was no luxury in the premises of the Soho Tines. Thi place was musty, and ill- arranged. Great heaps of papers were thrown into the corners of the room, while facing a window, the only one,s was Mr Pians' desk, 'there were three chairs -a high one, suited to the desk; an arm. chair, a great deal torn, with the springs showing; and a hair-seated one, likewise revealing the material with which it was stuffed. The carpet had bean now a great many years before, but at present it was impossible to discover its pattern. More over, in several places it revealed the nature of the flooring. Mr Pines wore a short greasy coat, the sleeves of which were slightly turned up, while on his feet was a pair of office slippers, which had the advantage of being very airy. Well, you've come," he said to Androw. " Yes, I've come," " And not thought better of it, oh P I didn't expect to see you again. Why, you can see now the value of the literary pre fession, It isn't worth a straw, I tell you, not a straw, Umi" "I hope it may be worth a great deal to me,"' sad Andrew. "I hope so-yes I, hope so, But do you know, young man, that in the whole of London, among the hundreds of newepapars that are published, there's not more than about a score that pay anything worth mentioning P And do you know, too, that it's nearly impossible for any one to get on the staff of those few P' ' They must be written for," said Andrew, "and in time-" "There, there, it's just like me to seek to discourage you, Young follow, I'm very foolish, very, As a rule I take notice of nobody but myself,antt I'm not worth taking notice of. But when I saw you, I liked you. Wey, I don't know, but I did. Of coarsee did not know what you were up to, but I thouight you must be wanting employment, Well, it seems you couldn't get any, and no 1 thought 1 might help you, Hcipyou-bah I Still you must do something. This paper ot mine Isn't worth-um- well, never mind, but it isn't worth much," "Might I ask its circulation P' "Circulationl Young man, know that that is an editor's secret, Never let anyone know the circulation of a paper, unless it's enormously large; always say it is the moat wldcly-circulated paper mn the distiict, there. for best medium for advertisements, etc. "I see," said Andrew, smiling. -. "Ah, um, I'm glad you see. Well, now look here, I shall do you no good, and you'll do me no good, that's certain; but there, do you care to help in a starvation business like this t" e" Yes," replied Andrew. Badly as he wanted to dosomething, it re quired an effort for him to give this answer. Hie has always thought of an editor as a gentleman, reffoed, thoughtful; while here was this little man the very opposlte of his conception, . "Are you fond of reading 1"- . " Very," "Novels P', G'" eood ones," C" au you road French-Gorman 1" ". Yes." " ould you translate a book from either o 'those languages r" , "I dareay," Andrew looked at theb little man? wondeo ing what was coming next, "Doyou think you could write?review oi a book P" "' A review-why P" ," I have books--of a sort- sent me fot review. I generally have them slashed up in style," " Uo you review them yoursell P" asked : ndrew, thinking of the worth of his opinion, "No, I don't, but the fellow who's doing * that work leaves me next week-and good riddance, too. I could make it half a crown a week more if you could take on that kind of thing." "I'm afraid I couldn't," said Andrewv, "Afraid-why ?" "I'm afraid my literary judgaent is not Ssuficiently matured. I-I-- P" "Literary judgment be hanged! You know whether you like a book ot not. If you do, say so, aud Fay it's the noel of the year ; and if you don't, why, say i's waste of time to read it. Use strong *C ectives, and put them on thick. That's w at people like in reviews.' "Indeed I"' "Yes., Nobody cares about rading the analysis of a book; they want strong piniones, Adjectives very thick," "I should like it of all things but-" "Well, we'll see. Now thero'e s?omething else. You want to write stories I" "Very much. I should like to write a real novel, one that's worth-" "You couldn't do it-yet. But if ever yea do, you won't get it rsad. Books worth reading don't get a sale, The world of novel treaders like dash, movement, excitement, I know that to read or to write them is a waste of time; but that's whlat nvel.rceaders want, Go to any of Bmith's bookstalls and ask the clerks the kind of novel they can sell, and they'll tell you what I've just told "But there's another class of rders thuan railway novel-rcadoMre." Yes, two"-and the lettle man puckered iis forehead as he continued,- " There's the so.called philosophical novel, which is really humbug, and those are read by prigs who pose as thoughtful men, ibut who are as great humbugs as tile books they road. Then thure's al clas s of novel almost * unknown to you, but which has a larger sale ,than moat of the well.known literature," 'Indeed I What 1" * e penny novelette. Stories for the oung. ooks for boys, full'of reveuge, 5nurder, ghosts, and all that kind of thing. they sell by tepns of thousands," "Indeed .!" ' YeVs. Would you cae lo trY and writs for these people-bah I But i'm sure you won't." * · ," What will they pay P' "i don't know. 'l take you to an editor if you like. I know you'll be die. aeted, bah I of oourose you will, but Ican't aoany more for you. Indeed, Mr l'inns was doing a great deal. Evidently he was troubling a great as to how he could help Andrew, and only real liking would have caused him to do it. " You are very kind," I id Andrew, very kind. IknowI'm not fit for very much, nd yoe arc. doing me real erviceU. ]jti htlg. said 'lr Pious grlllly. SThere, there, lot's go tad 505 one of Ihoso S ' io s o1fico of the Soho Timcs .h . et a gaunt badly-dresC nn anbout hftY years of age, who groetidl r Pinns f oalr but to whom th gentleman faii voy rignicil and Uvery diastob re are rthoao books lYe re'viewed them," said tare.uifn confld?ltY, "Could ou settlo tsp no i P' ,,ad Mr P ints Vory well, WItau lo,# oftily; "giet to onej the lrks." "aittr- nct tcednesd~Y' Very well, Wiliamsl, iti 1 possible rsy bo te m otley n.v if yell osn't ykttd, tW t.ere. are thoso-'.i " IO?olly Nilliam. . satidf Pinis, withs ", 11( stll tlLtld to snetl g.re. t digni y, w i havelpinos witl little matters now.? o r a eheqtt -, o I etltCU 'll . , ]|{?t " I hope you'll do well on the lVcdnesdta Meon, Williams. I've done my best for you. Good-day. Williams, good-day." tuidrew looked at M[r Pinns in astonish ument le had become dignified all of a sudden. The little man seemed to awoll with importance, too, and looked as though all the neighbourhood belonged to him. " One is obliged to keep auch fellows in their place," said Mr Pinnas and then, turning confidently to the young man, he said, " W\illonms has been our reviewer." " What," said Andrew, "is public opiniu to be influenced by such as he ?" ' Mr Pinns became silent, and thus im portant, From that time Mr Finns regarded Andrew as one of the staff of the Bohe Tin,cs and while he remained on it the little man mnagnified his oflico. He never spoke slightingly of literature; he was never familial. Mr Pinnas carried two sets of manners. One, blunt, grumpy, and free this for his friends; the other, important and reserved-for his subardinates. The two walked together along Fleet street, and, after awhile, turned up one of the narrow alloys, which led into a net work of others, and here Andrew was first introduced to a phase of lifo of which he was ignorant, and to a literature of whiso he had not dreamed, CHAPTER VI, TIHE BOTTOMI 1INQ, "Both Goethe and Schiller wore pro foundly convinced that Art was no luxury of pleasure, no more amusement to charm the idle, or relax the careworn ; but a mighty influence, serious in its aims, al though pleasurable in its means ; a sister of Religion, by whose aid the great world scheme was wrought intoreality."--LswEs' Lie of Gloethe. Andrew had thought Mr Minns' editorial sanctum terribly dingy and inconvenient, but it was a palace compared to the one into which he was ushered. It was little mlore than a dirty box with a hole in it, while, owing to the fact that an oil stove, the only means of warming the box, was in a bad condition, the smell of paraffin was simply abominable, Certainly the glories of literature did not seem glorious at present. The man in the box turned round on Mr I inns' entrance, and greeted him familiarly. " Holloa, Pinns, what have you got in my way P" " l'rhaps not much, perhaps a grtit deal," replied Mr Pinns gravely, ," Lot use introduce to you this young gentleman, Mr Andrew Fairfax." Then, .turning to. Andresw, he said, "This is Mr Adolphus Vellum, the editor of a large number' of serials for young people." Mr Adolphus Vellum looked far more like a barman than an editor. Ieo had a face that was large, red, and florid. He wore a great deal of jewellery that did not look of a very first-rate order. His shirt front was dirty, and his nails were in a very bad condition. Still Mr Adolphus appeared shre a d, and evidently understood his business. He stared at Andrew as though he were not sure about his position. He had the appearance of a gentleman of means, while' his being there in the company of Mir Pinna suggested his connection with the loweri walks of literature, before committing. himself by either speaking in a friendly or. in an editorial way, he asked Mr Finns what he could do for Mr Fairfax, " This young man has been unfortunate;," said Mr Finns, Mr. A'dolphus Vellum knew how to treat. Andrew then.. "Ah, 1 s'pose so," he said.. S"Don't mistake me," said.Mr Plinns while Andrew 'writhed. '." He, has b?on brought up as a rich man's son. ; The man whom he behoved to be his near. relation died, and he lihasbeen'thrown oaithe worldi." " Well, what for that P" asked Mr Adol phus Vellum, looking at Andrew from head to foot. "I have taken him on my staff," said Mr Pinns with dignity, " and I have brought him to you, as I know he could be of service to you.": ' That be blowed l" said Mr Vellum with polite emphasis. "If he's what you say he is, what use is he to me P I want no greenhorns hero." Had Andrew been alone, he would have walked out and left Mr Adulphus Vellum in possession of his box with all its dignity, buat Mr Finns gave him a look which doe cided him to remain. ", Mr Fairfax has great literary taste, great literary ability. He is a scholar-a University man, in fact, and perfectly acquainted with French and German " as Mr l'inns gave this little speech, he looked vastly important, and waved his hand as though he were doing Mr Adolphus Vellum a great honour, Indeed, he madq an impression on that gentleman, 'who began to unbend a little. "And what can I do for Mr Fairfax ?" le said, with editorial dignity. " He wishes to enter the field of litera ture as a profession," said Mr Finns. "He wishes to rival Thackeray, Dickens, and Dumas; so l've brought hen to you," - i All this time Andrew had not spoked. At first he was indignant and disappointed, but he became interested and amused. Mr Vellum turned to Andrew. "Of course you will understand," he said, "that the author is born, and not made. If you wish to take a position in literature, it must be by steady porsever aste. 1 myself," and he swelled with dignioy, "have had to win my spurs. 1I begun as a-a printer's devil, in fact, and now i'm-well, Pinns knows what I am," and he looked proudly around has box, "I have brought Mr F'airfax to you \Vollum,"-and Mr Pinna became some what brusque, that is, he lost for a moment his editorial dignity-" because I knew that you-you would on my recommenda tion give what he might send to you--a--a -a-fair reading." "Yes, oh yes,' said Mr Vellum, with importance. "You must know," turning to Andrew again, "that editors in such a large nay as I am," and he looked com placently around his box, "can't waste time in reading the stuff of men unknown to literature, as a rule we must have men of note. Why, think of the men who write for us I There's Wilkms and Lowkins,'and many snore equally renowned. Of course I madetheir fortunes, but we are always honorable, and stick to old contributors. Our readers are on the look-out for well known writers, so I can iassure you that you are very fortunate in getting l'inna to recommend you, Otherwise, I couldn't think of granting you such an iaterview as this." Even to Andrew the dirty box with a hole in it began to grow in importance. "I am sure it is very kind of you," said Andrew, " Maght I ask what Mr Wilkiins and Mr Lewkins wrote P" " What I did you never hear of Wilkins, althor of The Baitllo wilh thIe iGhost, or of Lewkins, author of 'Three Sp?ri?g-hcelcd Jacls ? Why, men, where have you !ived P" "Well, I've lived among text-books a good deal," said Audrrew," and so I am not conversant with ourrent literature." " I should think that you munt have lived out of tihe world,' said 31r Vellunm. "Why, we've sold thousands of copies of The Balttle with the Ghost." "It's a striking title," said Andrew. "Might I ask whit it's published at P" "We publish overything at a uniformt price," said Mlr Vellunm. " We chargeo a penny for overything." Androew said nothing, but he could not help smiling. "Might I ask your rateo of payment I" he aid. "Somae pays a uniform prieo for oevery thing," said hr Adolphus Vellum, with dignity; "we doesn't." His grammat r wa.' detective at tiumes, and altlhough 1 have not inserted them, his conversation was oiten garnisheq with peculiar epitlhets. " There are some," ho went on, "as always pays sixpence a page, but we," tapping his reast, always renognise ability and es perienco, and are willing to pay for it. We begin at fourpenco a page, and we've gone as high as eightponce-ha'p'ny," Of course, that's very seldom ; out we've done it." " How many words in a page P" "Three hundred as near as a toucher." " So if you accepted anything from me. you would begin by giving me fourpence." "That's it. Of course; to goet on is the great. thing. Many authors is glad to write for nothing at first; but as I say, we pay fourponeo. Then we can always com mand a sale, so we place a man before the public immediately. When we put our name on the title-page of a book, the publio knows it's good," , Andrew did not dare to ask what name, as such ignorance would be unpardonable. "Then," wont on Mdr Adolphus Vellum, ".we translates from the Fronch. For that we also pay well," "Might I ask how much P" "Well, thare, it's a case of reckoning against genius, Of course, genius is rare, so for that matter is scholarship. So. we put one against the other, in this manner. We reckon scholarship as about equal, to high-class ability ; but not.up to genius. As I said, for right down genius we've paid as much as eightpence-ha p'ny a page, but for high-class ability we pays sixpence a page so w also pays sixpence a pageo or translations." "And if I write something for you, of what nature should it be P" "Plenty of action. Fightin' ~nd robbin' and midnight meetin's, and like that. Ittad the police news a goodish bit and look here, you can take back some things as a sample of what we publish," vhere upon Mr Adolphus Vellum opened a icup board that was placed on the side of the box, from which he took half-a-dozen penny books, the covers of which were embellished with pictures of a very startling nature, "This is the kind of thing 'we do," con tinued Mr Vellum, "and it is the only thing' as goes right well. Of course I can't pro mise to take what you write offhand, and, as T said, I shouldn't have' looked at any thing but for such a recommendation as Piuns.' But if you onm bring me some thing slashing-well, we're good for tour pence a page, a page weaning three hundred words as near as atoucher, Stay, though; on Pinn's recommendation 'll give you a French thing to translate. It's a juicy thing, and we'll pay sixpence for that if it's well done." " But suppose I were to give my whole time to writing and translating for you, ho, much ch.ould I make?" asked Andrew. " Well, that just depends upon the quickness of your working. Some men can and do write as many as twenty pages a day. That at fourpence a page comes to six and eightpenee, which means a matter of two pound a week. Of course, when you can command the top price, the income is is--ls~-princsly."' AndMr Vellum looked like a merchant prince who contemplated endowing a hospital; nay, rather, he looked like a member of a Board of Guardians, promising some poor out door-relief woman a matter of sixpence a week more on ao count of continued sickness. Andrea left soon after, and went back to his den with a weary heart. Mr Pinns ao counpanied him a part of the way, and aseured him that Mr Vellum would, doubt. less, accept his stories if he would put suflicient blood-ourdling excitement into them. "Goodness known l have work enough at last," thought the young man. ' What with collecting noas for Mr Pinns's paper, reviewing his books, and writing for Mr lAdolphus Vellum, I have my hands full." And he laughed almost bitterly. fIe sat down before his smoky fire, and began to think. It was a dreary prospect that lay before him. liHo, educated as a gentleman, obliged to work for a man like Mr Adolphus Vellum intorder to get bread! Surely, surely he could do something else ! Re thought of his experiences in trying to got work, and he could see not a l)article of hope in that quarter, Then his mind went back to the old life, and he thought of his old friends. "No, no," he said bitterly, setting his teeth, " 1 will rather starvo than have any thing to do with them. losides, I should go mad now to be depondent on any one for my bread. 1'l face the mnatter fairly. I'm a working farmer'o son. I have no aristocratic blood in my veins. All my an custors worked among the fields for a bare living, It was by pure accident I got lifted into another sphere of life. I had no right to it; '! never did anything for it. I am a plebeian, Still, I have enough of my fore fathers' honesty and pride in me not to be dependent on, or sponge on, any one. I have hands and brains, and I can work. It is no use for me to go .hungering after the old life. It can never be mine until I have earned it." again he seat before his mind the om ployment he hadobtained. Gathering one oelumn of news a week, for which he was to receive five shillings I An occasional re view of some cheap book by an unknown publisher,'which might bring him half a drown extra. In addition to this there was "penny dreadful" work for Mr Adolphus Vellum. .He had heard of the "penny dreadful" literature before, but he never knew what it meant until now, and the thought that he was to engage in it was !olost sickening. "I'll see what this French thing is like," io said ; and accordingly he proceeded to read it. It belonged to one of the worst phases of French literatusre. It was written to catlch the eye of the French youth. It made heroes of burglars, thieves, pickpookete and blacklegs. It hid their vileness by a coat 3f bravado and physical courage, while for heroines, musioc-hall favouritcs, and the like, lost to purity, but still made attrac tive to evil minds, were chosen. It was the ditchwater of literature, calculated to poison, to ruin the lads and girls who might read it. And yet it was the work of an educated man. it bore the stamp of culture. It revealed the writor's intialncy with the classics ; it pointed out on every page that he was a man of power. Andrew flung it from him. "No, no," he said, "I will never trans late each poison as this. I'llnuever disgrace my pen by tracing such things on paper. I'll starve first." A•nd this was literature-this was the work he had adopted i "No," he cried, "I won't do it. I'll try to get work again. I'l emigrate first. I've got enough money to take me to one of the colonies, and ltacro 1'i got work as a artior. I shall quickly pick it up, and be able to earn an honest living that way." lie sat dtown at the little table, and began to write ,* Dl:Alr M[l{ PINNS, "I have decided, after all, not to accept the post you kindly oiler me as a member of your slltt " lieo wrote so far, and stopped. The words refuiscd to come freely, and le bit his pen holdtlcr fiercely. He forced himsulf to write again, bowever. "l have come to the conclusion that I am not suitted for a litetary life, antd o have abandoned the iloea of becoming--" Again hlie stopped, and looked around the room. lie thougl~ht somne one was tlhere pelaking to him; bat it was quito enmpty, d hlie triled to write !gain. In valn, how ever, It seemed as though words wemo ringing in his ears, telling him his dutty. " I cnn't do it,"'' he salid, as if in answer, while the responsc to hin was, "Yeou must bo an author. It is your vocation in life, and it is at your peril that you fail in your work," lie threw down his pen, and again the pioture of au ideal literary career luappcartd o him Then, again, it was an inspired life, expressing the highoest and best Ihoples of tihe people, For a time his eyes were opened and he saw that an ideal writer ahoulth tight for truth and rightousneses, even as Gideon fought for the lord long ages ago. lie saw him revealing to the world the gaping sores of the time, and offering balms by which they could be cured, lie saw him as a irophet·, telling how, through pority and love, a brighter ageu bould dlawn, antd a hliighr tilfe be realized, For a time he was lost to his surroundngs. io was no longer conscious of the shabby room in which he wrote. s forgot hio in what thes longings were 1le saw life downitrodden and weary ;ho saw men into whose eyes the Cglea of truchoPO had never omrt, autabovre all came the felig that he most explain their hope-, that he must teoll the g'ad news whereby they might to talk very much au it. It seemed too vision from God and he dar not disobey. "I'll stay in London, he stt at length "at any rate I'll stay util I feal I ought to leave, foi fe hat I have saother life than interest, I must do my odut , not e ohe thra n s the filth Yth novel. "I catnnot translate it," he said -"but I'll wrti ,torlee for boys that shall ltr worthy their re?ndig. 'll 111ke thise minter esting and exciting h t l maten thoe ntrue, and manly too. I'll ant reach, out I'll try and lod thl e to fho0 purity, truth, and nobleness." Ater that' his 001n0 becm sehttll. I-l" pot away the letter he had bagan writing to eliletr??dthe 'penny droadilor eeriey, had tourpeneen spgs. CIAPT1lI VII. ANaDR w' eaonr,.D " Got thee out of thy coo?try, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's houseo nito a land that I will chow thn, and I will bleessthee, and thou shablt he a bless. ing."--TU11B00K 01 F 5u5$o5, - "oTo every man omges a vision of him self, his real self, his passibl" self-himself irs aGod would have him b and it is for him to translate that vision into actual I wil oot linger long ever this part of my fried's career. As I said at the loso of the last chapter, Ie finally adopted a iterary life, beorise he felt e he muset. ihecessity was laid spon him, and he could wiot resist the conmandt And yet lb e had noa ogreat msage to give to the world; his thoughts refuseu to be shaped, his pen Srggend heavily. Grimly and wearily ho id ris work for the newspapor. Dh taste fol as it wvas, he perseveringly hunted up itemnr of news for which aweek by week ie received fivo alillings. Ite enjoyed the re viewing ork a grehat deal more, hut even this was not in accordance with his tastes. Moat of the books submitted to him owere inferior stuff, and so he neveor felt inclined to spend much time over them. not very successful, I r Adolphts Vellum informued him that he wasted his talentsby drot starting on right linesy "What I wants," he seid vigorounly, "is not sermons, buo stories., hat cares I about morals I They dcon'tsell a hook. What sells a book is plot, intrigue, myae t.ry, inmurder." If But," said Andrew, "I wantmy stories to be of a good, healthy nature." "heialthy naturo be biowed I"said Ur Vellum. " Now this story," refetrring to one Andrew had submitted, " would be a right down good one but for your con founded morality. You've got excitemnent and plot. Thlat's right; but I don't want people to be made uncomfortable. Idon't iwanurt for the lads to be told that it's better to tell the truth than to be able to uose tIt it fists I'll uso this one, and I'11 give foorpence a page as I said, because a little change won't do any harm; but let's have none of it in the f nuture." lnt Andrew stuck to his principles. He wrote stories for the " peony dreadful " onries, taking care, however, nuot to be un foithful to what he conceic d to be his duty. aeTannwhile ho trio" to get stories nooepted by rospctable oaga einccs -ic voin. I-e wrote on overy u cooeivable sIob jot, aond sent his articles to the editors ,tith a hlopeful heart, blut was ogenerally disappointed. Still, he uasntogedl to libe. ilis expenses 'core not large, and although fourpence a oagee was miaerable pay, i ue nanagedto keep his head abovo water, In fact, ho was so tstr successful that he wras ibl to put a good part of the monry he had brought from his old home into the savings bank, In additin to his regoular work, he spent many hours on a novel, hoping thereby to lift himself by one great elfort out of the l oiserablo groove in which he found him sPtl. He started it just before Christmas, oand by continuous labour he managed to linishit by the following Juno. It was cor toluly an ambitious work, lonugr than the orthodox three-volumeo novel. He dealt with high life, entering into the pleasures, weakness, and habits of the pooplo who live in Park Lane and Grosvenor Squaro. Carefullly he wrote it, carefully he re vised it, and ainos carefully did he wrap it oup o ad take it to a good llrlu of publishers. In s oiek vhe hreceived hisJnsowr. It was brief and very concise: " Mrssoe Guardian & Co. beg 00 tolonk Mr Andrew Fairfar for ' le offer of his story, ' lonance of High Iife,' but roegrot that they are unable touse it. hMesra Gl. & Co, therefore bog to rno lrn thce lMS heroewith." 'ihuse ran thlo letter, and has Adrow read it hae felt a terriblo weight on his chest. wih e novel had cost him weary months of hlord laboror. Surely, surely so mooch work coiuld not be in vain i Failure dogged his hlofer. And yet he felt that this was his o ork, and thatto it he rsa called to give la life as surely as St. Prol was called to preach Christ.- Wh at meant this non shccess then P It is true he did not foeel satisfied witho his workl; but what writer doco? Ho knew ho had not given cotter sco to tloe longings which were surging ovithin hin; bout then, soelehow, he could not put thm into words. What weas he to He cr0m0 ouot of his dingy don and went towlirds the river. The day cwas filue, the s oon o was shiooing brightly. lie saw one of tie river beats drawsing up to the Teomple Pier. Without thinking, he bought a ticket and got on the boat. The little steaor ploughed its waory up the river in sight of great and histohci bhildings, but Sndreu heeded them wo ot. Lamboloh L'rloe, the Uouses of Prlinament, Weeis oainster Abbey, and Millbank Prison were ull alike to hin. The sights he saw u oro f ar Wouay, the objeoe that litted before his oind were not taogible or real. The people o, the boat watched lits, o trbSOorbed did ho seem, bout heo knoev nothing of it. lIHe hlad forgotoeco his surrouodings, forgototn thle macddy river, whose oatarl, spien of the mud, lashed in the slnlight; forgotteh w London, in fact. le s Iroln wisth p1o0le far awsay. He saw hands beckooning hlo b ht he knoe not what they mooeant; he lhe oar voices calling him, but knos not froos whence they crme. Wans he arslep o If so, he ar aslecop wilh o0,1r, eyesp; yet surely he had again seeo e bibion, aloooet t ie same that flashed befoh e his htind when L e lod deteroined to glive w np the idea of o literary career. le was aroused at length, howemvcr, by the creaking of the bnat, nod crier of " imhlico Pier," and thee, careless of what he did, he landed. He Wandered asway I sog the lmonotonous streets of PesUlico, a part oh London in which porhapis ills rore easy to get lost thuac any other, bo arely the haoues and streetbs are nearly all alike-ouotil he founod hismolt in EJelie'toon q oaore. Ahrrived here, he hstop? d fow o second, and leor od toginLot the raildogs hhichy protect the gard. s. A calrisgw stopped at oeg of the hooueocs, lose to wlhlre Androe 0 Wtood, and hey wwatched closely. Frour it alightdi to I oreona, an olderly and a young lady. It I was the laitter who rivestted Aundrow's iae. He did not see hoer ecarcely asecond, for aso passed quiokly isnto the great hlouoe. e could not rescrilc aoROticolr'' feAtoor of hier faco, or tetoil oIg loer ibrernc and y et he kno.w tht.hebo hld oreofuineg hoes. if he ever saw her again. The door of the Ihouse closed, the carriage was driven away to the stables, while Andrew walked to wards ViotoriaStation. "' Liverpool Street bus," shouted a iman; "all the way for tuppence," and Andrew climbed to the top while the horses began their journey. Perhaps there is no way of seeing a largo part of London so well as by riding on the top of a bus from Vitooria to Liver. pool Street, You pase the principal build ings of the City, you go through the moat crowded thorouglhfares; you go right through the heart of the world. Andrew felt this as the conveyance rumbled on. No longer was he dreaming as ho had been while on the river; no longer was Ihe inseonsible to all but to the far-away voices and beckoning hands which had been so real to him. He watched every movement of the people, he felt every pulse of the great city. Ho noted the stately hotels and lofty chambers of Vic toria Strooeet; he realised the grandeur of the o'd Abbey and the towers of the great legislative houses; he felt the movement of the mighty comnuerce of Whitehall, and the inmposing appearance of Trafalgar Squtar . Ito saw, too, the rushing life, tao erowdedstreets, the streams of conveyauc?cs, the great river of human life that never ceased to llow. It was real to him, terribly real. What was Andrew Fairfax, what was any man in such a place as London rI Men seemed to lose their personality there, and to become merely units-drops in the great river that went sweoping on. And yet he know there were governing minds i he know as he passed the crowds in the streets that although all seemed alike, all wore not alike. Still it was mystery, mys tery. On he swept through the Strand, on to the Law Courts, down Fleet Street, until he came to Ludgato Hill, and still it was the same tremnoticus roar, the same rush for existence. Then the mighty dome of St. Paul's appeared to him, and he saw the golden cross which surmounted it lifted high hi the heavens. It was an emblem of salvation, and yet few appeared to realise it. Everything was great, imposing here. 'The broad flight of steps, the great doors, the stately carvings, the lofty tower.s, all impressed Ilim with the majesty of the mind that conceived it all. This was Christopher Wron's muessage to his age, and he uhad given it grandly. True, the stone walls might crumble away, and in time the building would fall, but the idea of the great cathedral would live on. Into Choapsido went the bus, and still the same crowd. On to the great civic buildings, the lExchauge, the Bank, and still Andrew watched, and thought, and drew conclusions, and for the first time lhe was glad that he no longer lived in the luxury of a rich saut's htouse. At last he realised that Ite had been led to think, and to see what he had never seen before. As the friend of the wealthy, he would, per Ihaps, never have taklen the trouble to think ; now he felt Ihe must--his environ ments had altered his life. SHe did not remain at Liverpool Street Station; indeed, without scarcely waiting a second, he wallked back towards his lodgings, When nearly arrived there, he realise d that hie was hungry, and tlhat umany houra had passed since he had par taken of food. So he went into a little coffeo-house, wher he partook of is cheap meal, after which he weolt Iback to his den, and sat for a long time almost ts still as ai statue. Hfe looked at his watch, lie had not beet, obliged to part with it ytt, and he was glad, for it had Ieen given to hint by the only father he had over known. It was half-past eight o'clocl:, but it was a summer evenimg, and quito light, Putting on his hat again, he found his way to the little hotel at which he had stayed when he first lef I his old home. Was Mr Pinns at homo P Yes. Mr Pinns was in the coffee-room alone. Andrew found his way there; he had not soon the room since lio ceased to become an inmate of the hotel. Whenever he had ceen the little editor, it had been in the dingy oltloo, who while there had magnified his position, and had treated Andrew as one of the staff, although there had beooen ofttimes an evident desire to break down his editorial reserve and t become familiar " Ah, Fairfax," he said, as Andrew on tered, " nothing wrong, is there--hum ?" "i don't know," replied Andrew; " but I must talk to some one, and I have come to you." " What do you want P" "Advice." Ezra Pinns gave expression to one of his peculiar chuckles, and his editorial dignity broke down. " Advice, eh ?" he said, "Who listens to advice I Nobody. You will follow your own ways whatever advice I may give." "I want to write," said Andrew; " i cannot waste my time as I have been doin§, and yet I don't know which way to turn,' "Why, aren't you writing now ?" " Not as I wish. I simply scribble- don't write. 1 say nothing worth sayig." " Well, whoso fault is that P" "My own, I Isnpposeo, 'Perhaps I have nothing to say, and yet I feel so much." "Well, say your feelings." "I can't. They will not form themselves into words. I think I wacnt a cause to ad voscate; 1 want to voice some great need." "Why don't you? There are needs enough, God Iknows," "What aro they ?" Ezra l'inns jumped to his feet, and straddled up to Andrew. " You an author, and talk likre that P Stick to your reporting, mty lad; don't tostoh sacred things witt nneleasn hands!" "You mistake me," said Androw. " Thers ase so msany things that want doing that 1 can't thlink enough about one, Everything is so big that I fail to grasp," Ezra Pinns looked at him steadily, and silently measured his iman. Certainly there wesnothing small, nothing weak about him. Bloth body mand head were perfectly shaped, and fully developed. iesides, there was nervous springiness of action, which indi. eated a wondrous vitality. "What have you been doing lately ?" he tasked at length. "Besides what you have known about, I h:ave written a novel," "Ah, taken it to a publisher F" "' Several." "Well?" " Reftused in every case " "Just so--ve.ry likely. What was the subject I" "I wrote about that of whilch I knew something." " What ?" " West End lifo." "l But what phase of ill" "Their lifo gonerally. Their politics, eustoms, intrigucs, and--" "And of course the earl married the vir tuous youngest daughter, and all that kind of rubbish. Look hero--did you express the dclpet feelingls of your heart in writing it I" "No," replied the young man, Ihanging his head. "'How then could you expect it to be cceptcd. Youtg fellow, I know very little of W est End life, but the people there haIve their feelings, their unnsterable longinls for Ligher things than thoso which engross them. Did yeou try and express that dooeper life o?" Andrew shook his head. "No wontder you failed, thon, Yos write a society novel! It's not in yot. You would feel it waste of time to try and do scribe what takes in a society novel, and I don't think you are able as yet to take in hIsd tlhe more serious work. Besides, pub. lishers are sick of novels in high lifo. Thoey ihave been sttaming in by thebo thousanil. Every iouceited fop and sickly girl think of writing a story of high lifo, who all in. dulgo in the ssnue foolishli absurdities." " lBut I must write about eomething that; hl am acquainted with i" " Yes, and you must be in syumpathy with your subject. Your charactors must ,ossess you, 'I'hey laUiiat litve in you, and you in them--their woes yours, their de sires yours, their wants yours." Ezra Pinns spoke with an earnestness that almost amounted to passion, and Andrew was astonished at his intense feeling. " Publishers are tired of hackneyed themes," went on Mr Pinna, "simply be cause the people are tired. Not that some themes can be hackanyed--still, even they w.,nt now settings. The struggles of the human heart-and, God knows, the human heart is a curious affair-are over of interest, but different phases of life require dillffernt interpretation. Have you thought of any other sides of London life beside that which you have-have--attempted to deal with--balh--in your--your-bah- novel?" " I've tried to think, but I cannot. Lon don is too big for me. This afternoon I rodte from Victoria to Liverpool Streat. The life simply stunned men. I could undert:and nothing. So much seemed to want saying, but I did not know what tJ say. I know that there is a great message to tell out about the commercial life-in deed, the whole of this great city life-hut I felt it was not for me !" "Not yet, perihaps, hut-well, is thatall ?" " No, it's not all. Some time ago I went down to the East End, I spent a day there. [ camue home feeling sick. It crushed meo; I was miserable for days, but I felt I could say nothing. It is a great cesspool, but I could not tell how to clean it." " But you wanted to ?" " Wanted to ? i-I longed to be able to interpret their hearts' yearningu , and to tell how the cay might dawn but I was in the dark- all in the dark." " And do you think, you fool, that you could see enough in a day, in a week, in a month, in a year to know their needs ? The prophet who is to redeem the East Iuml must live among them, be as they are, share their burdens, live under their con ditions, aoe them in every poises of their life. I mauy be wrong, but I think their prophet will have to come out of the East End. Tiwir own product, and yet pure, in spite of everything. No doubht iesant ncmde a sensation with his A( J'ortls and (7ililiis ofi MC; no doubt lihe is it close observer, and possesses genius. but he only touched the fringe of hill subject. 'lhere is misery which hle never even hinted at, heroism of which lie didn't seem to dream, pathos too deep for language, poetry sublime. Man, the East End is a ,sorld by itself. I don't say to you, never tacklo the iE st End; but you want a lot of preparation before you must dare to do it." " I feel it ; but what would you have nle do it " Do you still fooeel that you mus write? Moust! miark you !" " Yes," said Andrew, " I muIlst. Every day I seem to hear some one telling me to writo something real. I ask what, and the only reply I get is, find out I have tried to give up the idea of becoming an author. I have thought of emigrating, of going to sea, of becoming a soldier. I have no doubt I could soon pass the examination necessary for a commission either in the army or navy. But I couldn't do it. And so, though 1 have hatelI it, I have written for your paper, and written for that "penny dreadful" series, always trying, however, to get something better. All the time I've been unsuccessful, and yet I fool I must go on." Ezra Pinnu gave a grunt of satisfaction. " Leave London P" he said. "Leave London ! Where would you have muse go P" "Your father was a farmer, wasn't ho!" "Yes." " Have you never had any desire to go to the old home I Eh I Look here, Who keep the towns alive! The village !people -the country people. But for them the towns would die out. The excesses of the towns wouvld eat out the vitality. The constant stream from the country keeps ius alive. They feed us, they bring to us the strength of natural life, And yet the country is neglected !" Andrew gave a leap from the chair, his eyes ilashing. "I know ! I've seen I" he cried, W' hat do you mean i" " I've got what I want at last, It's all clear now," " What will you do I" said Mr, Finns iagerly " I'll go down to my old home ; 1'll try and get work on my father's old farm; I'll live among the country people, share their toil, enter into their lite, and then-God helping me, I'll tell their story!" Ezra Iinns jumped to his feet, and a look of glapdness came into his eyes. " flight, right," he said, " and if you are not ia fool after all, you will be a novelist, and by a novelist I meanu-and, moark you, I, ,would have all others driven from thie field of fiction-by a novelist I mean a poet, a preacher, a leader of the peoplo, a prophet, at man inspired of God!" Andrew thought of the distant voices which he had heard, of the hands held up as if appealing for help, and the faces which expressed unutteriable longing, and heart fluttered strangely. " Fairfax," continued the little man,and there was tenderness in his voice, " I knew what you wanted to do, and what you ought to do a long time ago. At least, I thought I did. It struck me the first time I ever spoke to you, and so I have--acted -as--as I have. 1 tried to load you to despiso literature-aud, mark you, a lot of literature should he despised. It is neoro -well, never mind, 1 could have done differently for you, but I wanted to-to see of what stunf yeaou were made. I knew that if you could stand the work to which I introduced yelou, you must really love writing; if you didn't, well, it didn't miatter. bcsides, I kneow you sadly wanted praotiol kmnowledge--a knowledge which the last nine months have given you. You are ready to go out into the country to learn; but .it must be a long tilao before you write. "Yes, yes, I klnoiw," said Andrew. " How will you live in the country P" " Ily working." " \With your head or body ?" " Ioth." Mr Pinna gave a grunt of satisfaction. "When do you go P" he asked. "' To-morrow." (To be eoaliouce .) 