MR. STEAD AND SPIRITUALISM. [From our Speoial Correspondent.] London. January 6, 1893. I hear that Mr. W. T. Stead is being warmly pressed to go on to San Francisco after visiting Chicago next summer, and to return home via Australia. Mr. Fitehebt strongly urges his chief to try and arrange this journey, and has promised him a specially warm welcome in Melbourne. _ If the "sage of Norfolk House" makes up his mind to the tour he will not improbably pay expenses by delivering a lecture or two on " Ghosts" or | "Spiritualism" in your chief oities. Mr. Stead is now a firm believer in spiritualist pheno mena. He and Dr. Parker have been thrilling readers of the Morning with stories of letters which they have written at the dictates of "spirit hands." In the Christmas number of the Review of Revicivs ("From the Old WorldtotheNew"),inthechap ter entitled "From the Other Side," Mr. Stead gives, he tells, us, an account of an experience which absolutely occurred to himself. The only difference is that in the story Rose, instead of the editor of the Review of Reviews, writes the spirit letter, and her deceased hus band, and not Mr. Stead's deceased friend, controls her hand. Dr. Parker believes _ so firmly in the inspiration of disembodied spirits that at the instigation of St. Paul ani other sacred writers he i3 adding chapters to the Bible. Some of those privileged to hear this Holy Writ up to date have at once " recog nised the soul and sentiments of St. Paul," whilst other could see in it only "good old Parker." The great trial to fervent spiritualists of Mr.. Stead's Bort must be the frivolity and triviality of most disembodied spirits. The messages which mediums, &o.;, bring us from our deceased relatives are almost invari ably of a paltry and absurd character. Your erstwhile visitor, Stuart Cumberland, has sensibly resolved to burk as far as possible the renaissance of spiritualism. He offers to bet £1,000 that the spiritualists cannot show him any phenomena which it will be out of his mundane power (1) to explain intelligibly to the satisfaction of a dispassionate committee, and (2) to reproduce. Mr. Stead's alleged miracle matter-of-fact people consider especially mischievous because it cannot be tested. He asks us to believe that when he sits down with a pen in his hand, and paper before him, and spirit voices in his ears, the pen moves over the paper without any volition of his own. It iB controlled by a spirit hand But here are portions of an interview with Mr. Stead on this question, whiob he clearly means to " boom ":— But do you really mean to say, Mr. Stead, asked the interviewer, that you know of your own knowledge that the lengthened communi cations referred to in the Review of Reviews were absolutely written automatically, without any knowledge on the part of the person whose hand wrote them ? I do, for the best of all reasons ; because it was my hand that wrote them, and I am will ing to assure you in the most solemn and serious manner that I had no idea in the world what my hand was going to write when it began to write. Then how did yon start off—all of a sudden ? It came about in this way. . One of my friends had been accustomed for some time to do automatic writing, and when I was watching.the process a message was written to me to the effect that a certain deceased lady wished to use my hand. I said I should be very glad, but it was absolutely impossible for my hand to write except consciously, and that, as far as I knew, I had not a particle of mediumistic power. My own phrase was that I was blind, deaf, and dumb in all psychical matters, and I could neither do automatic handwriting, go into a trance, see ghosts, or do anything whatever in that line. The automatic handwriting went on to say that I was mistaken; that if I would put my hand at her disposal for five minutes she could write with it. I said—"By all means try," but as my hand remained motion less for five minutes I said it was "no go." Then came the message, " I had not given her time enough." I said I would give her another five minutes, which I did, with the same re sult, whereupon I said I would not go on fooling round any longer as it was quite evident that! had not the capacity, and that if there was any message to be delivered it must be given to me through some parson who was more gifted in that respeob than myself. . About a month afterwards the same person, who was doing the automatic hand writing before, wrote another message to the effect that the person who had wished to com municate with me was present and was in great distress because she wished to speak to me and I would not give her a chance. I said I had given her two chances and that I could not afford to ait for ever waiting until my hand moved. The message came, "Will you give me nine minutes to-morrow morning before you begin your ywork?" I said "Yes," and 1 did, and to my immense surprise my hand slowly, and with great difficulty, wrote out an almost illegible message, to which was ap pended the name of the person who had alleged she wished to communicate with me. That was the beginning of it. Are you quite sure, Mr. Stead, that you had no part in the matter ? Consciously, not in the least. I was ex tremely surprised, because on previous occa sions my hand had shown no inclination whatever to move. But on this occasion it did move, and wrote very illegibly and very slowly a distinct message. Having once broken the ice I went on and found, as I suppose every one else has found who has been willing to experiment, that the writing varies indefi nitely, sometimes being very clear, and some times almost indecipherable. Bub where did these things transpire, Mr. Stead ?—In my own study, at my own desk, at a table in a restaurant, in a railway carriage, at aDy time or any place, whenever and wher ever I may give my hand liberty to write for the invisible intelligence, whatever it may be, that wishes to use it. But is there always an invisible intelligence ready to use it?—For the most part "ye3;" sometimes "no." Is it always the same intelligence?—By no means. As a rule your hand is moved by some agency wliioh describes itself as having at one time lived on this earth. But do you believe ib?—Never, unless it gives proof thab it is what it professes to be. That is to say, if my hand were to write or state tbat the Apostle Paul, or Shakespeare, or Socrates was writing, I should believe that it was absolute nonsense, and should nob let ib go But how can you get proofs of the identity of the intelligence representing itself to be a disembodied spirit?—Well, I can best answer that by telling you the facts of the story that figures so conspicuously in my Christ mas Number, "From the Old World to the New." I will not mention the real names, although I have no objection to tell them to you privately. I was staying at a country house in the west of England, when a lady who was present asked me one day, much to my surprise, if I knew of any clairvoyant or medium. I said, "Yes; but why?" She said that about six months before she had lost her dearest friend, a lady of great intelligence, wham I had met twice a year or two before. The lady who addressed me said further thab while her friend was alive they had long ago promised each other that whoever died first would appear to the obher if she could. "Now," she said, "my friend has appeared to me twice since she died, once very shortly after her decease, and the second time only the other night, in this very house." "What!" I said, are there ghosts about here?" She continued, "I was awakened in the middle of the night—suddenly awakened by the consciousness of her pre sence at my bedside. I saw her as distinctly as I see you, but I could not hear if she spoke. Then she faded away, and I only saw a light where she had been standing. I can nob bear to think that she has come back to see me, and that I cannot hear her voice. I thought that if you knew a trustworthy clairvoyant she might be able to tell me what my friend wants to say. I said, "Very well, when you come back to London I will introduce you to Mrs. Davies. But my hand has begun to write a little. I knew your friend, and if she is about I will see if she will write with my hand." Next morn ing before breakfast, in my bedroom, I took a penoil in my hand, pub it upon a sheet of paper, and said, "Now, Miss" (naming the person), "if you have anything to com municate to Mis3 you can use my hand to say what you want," Then, without a moment's hesitation, my hand very slo.wly j wrote her name and traced three lines of a message, I said then, " This is all very well, bub how do I know that this is nob merely the unconscious action of my own brain working, in some mysterious way ? How do I know that you are what you profess to be? Can you give me a test of your identity ? " My band wrote | "Yes." Then I received the test about| Minerva, which waB given almosb. exactly as it is stated in the chapter "From the Other Side " in the Christmas Number of the Revieto of Reviews. In fact, from this point the whole of the rest of the narrative is an exact transcript of what actually happened, the only difference being that it was my band, nob that of " Rose," that wrote, and that ib was controlled, nob by Rose's husband, but by the lady who had died about six or seven months previously in America. All the rest of the Btory is quite exact, the names being altered, and the places also, so as nob to reveal the identity of the persons concerned. But, Mr. Stead, are you going to have this thing proved ?—Certainly. I have already seen Professor Sidgwick and Mr. W. H. Myers, leading members of the Psychical Reeearoh Sooiety. I have submitted to j them in outline the story that I have told you, and I am preparing a paper embodying all the facts with the vouohers and formal evidence. I am quite sure that when you have all the facts before you you will come to the same oonolusion thab I have done, viz., that there is , no escaping from the oonolusion. that the. dis I embodied spirit of my friend does write with my hand. Then are yon a Spiritualist, Mr. Stead ?— Only in the sense in which every person who accepts the Bible ia a Spiritualist. I am simply an_ investigator. I am perfectly open to conviction, but I am also ready to recognise factB, and I hope I am at least free from that superstition of unbelief which is really much more dense and crass than the old kind of superstition against which it makes war. Then is that your last word, Mr. Stead? For the present my last word is this, that before many months are over I think it will be admitted by every candid mind that the per sistence of the individual after death and the possibility of communicating with that in dividual has been as well established on a scientific basis as any other fact jn nature. That you may think is a bold assertion. It is not an assertion. Ib is a prophecy, based upon facts which are within my own know ledge, and of which I speak with as much con fidence as I do of anything whioh has ever come within my own personal observation, J 