electric sparks Prizes wanted. Christanasnear. Eitigerald's circus. Dram and Pile Band. Happy party at W.P.B.G. A 'inllvr fnllnv 1R MatfaOfL Soft jokes at School Board meeting. | The 0«pl is tbe bain of somebody's life. i Somebody says the Owl ought to be shot. Those pro traits hare a Strange look about ; . tbem. Rev. Hector Ferguson in the Port to ^.-inorrow. 'Criminals ' at the -sapper-room last Monday night. Councillors were lost without Cr. Quinn on Tueeday night. * Good samples of music as well as art on Saturday night last. -.Competition concert next Friday for J.I.O.B. picnic foods. | - - . Jlr. Brio ton believes in surgical operations j ^ . ander certain conditions.^ ^ ' -- Creatercitement at the Railway Club. ' Sjheaiatf.to be celebrated by a big spread. [J..! . \V© understand that the Owl cleared oat ; ?wfteatheycommpnoed to talkaboutflogging. : The West Port president's family will go on increasing if he gives them sandwiches every time. Some talk of postponing the Council bad ness for a fortnight to find the missing . Councillor. Mr. Wright says hanging does not prevent men from committing murder. It prevents one at a time anyhow. Marley'a Ghost canBed a great sensation. Some people were asking what the Sickens ?was tbe matter with the Presby fcerians. One of the speakers had not finished his speech although be was dtmn, and rose to address the audience a second time. He chairman said he was dum if he had not finished. At the Debating Society on Monday night * gentleman was of opinion that the Premier would like to do away with the unemployed trouble by chopping off the heads of all the unemployed. A certain scribbler of fcigh-fatatin humbug about the present Mayor winds up by s tying — 'We will not take npon ourselves the responsibility of guaranteeing the worthy Doctor to follow these preoepts.' Mr. Marshall Lyle says there is always two aets of criminals in existence. One lot is fonnd locked up, and the police are playing Wiiii and seek with the other, and when one ?et comes oat of gaol another goes in. A miter In another place devotes nearly a column of unmitigated nonsense to the bauejil of Or. Malcolmson, and in one place points oat that ' the hero of to-day may be the outcast of to-morrow.'3 This is rather rough coming bom a friend. Save me, &c.; No, we hare no intention of advertising him. It's not good enough, we know hiB drift, but t could ask him to look np the columns of his own paper for paragraphs from the Argus. We will enumerate a few Out of many Saturday last, November 25, headed ?' Charge against man-of-war's men.' Saturday, 18th November, second and third f paragraphs under the news of the week head ing. We could go en, butHheBe are sufficient 