LOOK OUT. I Look out down charn Ti ; ,·'m about 1 si~it. shoi.t F-anket Poet IASSING a 1monumental Imasotn's yard at midnight a slihit time ago, and seeing the red, grey and· g reen granite I and white marble headstones gleamsing int the4moorilightji rigid, stark, and silent like so many ghoats catlling' tjp! past memories, I could not. repress an I inwairl shuildder Theni t he question I forced itself on ime, WXhy do we siake ourselves miserable, by, rearing these records- to the dead who are zhappy ? Happy because ttiey are dead, 'and their troubles with -them. Is; it that Yague longing for a material hereafter which is the hope of all fr .il, poor, perishing humilaity whichi ciused.l the ancient Egyptis i to embalm' their. dead, and which even now, inmthese days snakes us shrink front thidea oft cremuationi 'I i~i'd:n~ow not and the: elnquiry is too sad and sombre for such a fleetinng tilng as a weeikly newspaper, but anyway " the song that reached my heart" and rang in my ears as the wind moaned its way among the tombstones was like thSiig 9 ,Ghosts of the faded past How ye loom inithe gloom I By moonibeam, or sunlight Howy we shiudder at sight ·,Ofhe eblem~s tjf. stone;,3 Telling a~brsf~ef storyl 4: Of sorrow or glory S In cold learly-cuti stonie 1 W here lost love may bemoan, The dear, old, old, story. Cast'downithese.niocltig~' stosnev,' Upreared o'er crumbling bones; Kings from their earthly thrones Must surely pass away. In' God's silent acie Shall the Great, Good Maker, The Giver, and the Taker Be told that this poor clay This thing of but a day Had a life's history ? Where is the mrystery To the All-wise? One and all pass away-. God knows when each dies. *There'are niyriads of forms Who have'. braived the world's storms; , How we loved themnin youth For thleir beauty anrd truth. There t They loossi on life's track As we sadly 'dok back-- How we miss them and mourn ? Yet they ne'er shalt return, And their m'em'ries like ghosts Are like way-side mile posts.. 'se They beckon and say, Come away, come way! e At the close of the 'day W1itis us you will rest. If for weal or for woe, 't All of us surely know al That we must " dust to dust:' Soon return. O'er that bourne, ii Like teardrops or dew, "' To the vist, unknown new r Spirit life, where no strife, h No bubble can trouble All is o er; All is o'er, Take away from poor clay This bauble of life; et us live, while we may,' Free from sorrow and strife. \- -otr: oial ve-Oc-cueOc SWill bright flowers' heer the way k To eternitiys.day, i. Do tombstones look gay, Do they gladden our brothers? t' No i Not so.' Let us go h Without'r'ecord on stone, . And lie silent-alone Unwept for by others. p From the womb to the tomb b There is plenty of gloom, 'b1 Thenbwhy' not make room For mirth dearly bought. ' Every act, every thought Is a link in the chain - " Of life daily,wrought, Filroduir pleasure or pain. ' The Great-Good, The All-giv'irig, ·i' Will c~ar~lv~ e fvor the living. 'Restrain your. tears mothers, Oh ! Save them for others Keep them for the living. In life we oft sever ' ' Forever and 'ever, But in death, with last breath: A shiver and quiver. All is past.' And at last Before God, with our load I Of earth's woes we repose ;' Our sadne s to gladness, 1 Is trniiiformed for ever. ' i the eat "Never,' Never" i Uinending, forever'e"' With our Saviour at iestP'' In the hoimie of the bletf, -1 We iiall peacefully rest For ever and ever. Whichsfor ways that are d ark dsai thing8 that are vain, .'Ihe Australian press is peculiar, And that same I now rise to main tain." Yes; we are a peculiar people, taken as a' whole, and I suppoise it'all occurs through the educating influence of a free andveolightined press, and what a press I 'T rhe :old:nglishi press gang risf `nothing more bitteraind galling to a reasonable mind,' than physical force is to the 'tdull clod. Readers who have watched, the course of events io the Mercantile Bank 'Iase imust have been struck with 'the glaring bias of some of the daily papers. rThe 'case of the twain who were com 5' mitted' was .contorted,.: distorted 'and 5 with insinuating '"plausibility 'i aid inuendo so misrepresented, that' a nsew Bchum who had not carefully followed. 5 the detailii wolild'ihave. been led to I believe that the accused were greatly I wronged, persecuted martyrs to' wrong headed public R'ridilstireness run riot. a When after dragging its miry, weary way I throughia month in 'apolice court, and B Sir Bryan" issued his 'notorionthitolle pirosequs, Jew anid Gentile fell 'foul 'of each 'other then aide- cansot say s sides were takein, for' it' was only au 1 quesiion of the rich with some,- the poor 0 were out of the running, and. uncon 5 sidered trifles in the issue. 'One journal ai applauded..and belauded the. Attorney a Geinelidbad sneered at- the Solicitor r General, as " Ikey," a Jew boy, whose a opinions were beneath consideration, but h for all that ie has the overwhelming e mas, on ~hiis side. 'All, the covers I, inuenrdoes .'mieleading statements and 5, asemtio Wfplume 'letters' bolstering up a i (badcase ,willinot alter the. public im d pression that the law has been, strained \- to the ditriment of justice and that :t there' is e one way for the rich and an other for the' poor. In the interests, 5 and sin justice to the' accused there '5 should have been a public trial, so that I'~~P:~theyialgh~ hav had 'the fainte~stntisf woehed outt by ta jury of their country men. Bt their, further commentr a super Iltous when we oind an, evening par telling its renders on :one page tha Sir M H Daviei serioer sly s direpnaed rrnd cmirried tihis room from nervous prostr~ltum,, and oih l be next page the announceniert appears mongest football reports, thift the aine gentle nan had sailed away ret nooni th-t- lay on hoard uf ii forerairriteani'-- B hi mrtflroks tirl t arsnie ut -tilr piiers ieru as hbd isth'r banks, which is saying good deal, ard tlh hitter might, ainit like tihe o~l Scnoty,' whlen accuset.-o II prenvrerit tranrgresidri'" Aymii nc a' do ir." ·Air tlrc have sllt-bceh doinig it withi ii vbg~aahc as fasic brillia-it hbaleirci sreets, huergliig -rind burstirig are ci ncernedr It is a sort ol hreokieg up of the constitution through decay of threfinanciail Yblood cnioext rind :I lanourn it muehly, yea, so iuch so ris to wail this dirge on the:Jews litir-p the racial irrstriument of Mr Iirees, who like Devid of old isalt~i s at n tlr glinti Goliath with tis staff of ittiffd accounts rind nolle prosequoi shield. Strike up': YE BANKERS-WAYS. Ye brazen banks that bolstered boom, How cart ye recklessly go smash ? How leave crushed clients to their Ye l break again first chance you see Fo aper curre~cy i';flaml'i-2 But nevermore will hoodwink me. B(l)ank promises are sinmply sham. Oft have I thought, in bygone days, The proverb troe E " Safe atSa liiak "' But ah I Your re onstirictinrgt wajys Would not impose upon a crank. With guilelessehearts poorfeoplev went Arid: iluced' their 'riuites il siimple trust. They'ie " badly left," .without'a:cert The bunged-up banks are on the bust ! Bereft of other meass arid wayjs, i. Some hopeless,- reach- the- Yarra's Bank, And trust in oth r worlds to raise The wind, betieath the water's dank. Dost know a bank where wild thyme grows? There cash securely you miay.hide,-' Or sub rosa, berieath the lose, In flower-pot saie it should abide Or like Sir Mat, to Ceylon's siore Levant-recuperate the health; Then skilleil in boom and barrking lore, Regain new name and vanished wealth. So after being disappointed at ,tre eleventh bour; so to speak, srid ei periencirig many days of rioubt anxiety, arndsuspens, thatkworatofall feaers rind feelings, ex-Mayor Cuming leaves .our shores to-day for a tri, to his mother - laud. Lucky fellow to be able toelib so iin these tines of depression and finan cil, disaster. Luckier still to leave I respected and without blot; or mar; on his fair fanie, while others sne rk away "like a thief in the nirht." AKing may mak a belted knight A Marquis, Duke and a' that. Anehonest mu 's aboon his might, --1 A man's a man, for a' that Ay sitn honest man, honest and true :as i steel him Mr Cnrmirig treen end I a look him inthe'eyes again, aid yet,! re is a most peculiar combination withal. A sort of Scotch mixture may-be, hut true-blooded rnd-single-minded. He is leal-hearted, can tell a pawkyla-story in-l has his whimis,'who hasn't ? . Am'Iran who would walk ten miles to save a penny arid giv away a sovereign when he ieached his journey's end. Otiewho hasi done mruch good in his day mnd generation, and made enemies thereby, inusmuch as those who are.not worth hating are beneath love or cote mnpt As for his better half who goes witht him, many a poor soul will surely mis her, yet bless: lier'iduhring ;the wioter. mouths. In -Fc6itscrjay's soiurs of n'4d she stood by those in want, and her soup days were as gleams of sunshine through the- Idismil clouds; of misery. Assuredly then the refrain from longing and gratefuihearts will be VWill ye no come bhck again, *y Better-lo'ed ye canna be, A Will yesoon come back again? More than likely I have flayed him **many a time, many a time" during ris public career, but that is past, so far, and I forgive him heartily I With till who know ' him, arid canaippreciate a real white man of grit, I join in gentire good wishei for i pleasant and prosper oous Itondrind a iafe and speedy4 returnm t 'the worthy couple tind sing - r 6iCurmiig is gamg, but he'senetiga nlanei For his tra his guid arile across the great nisin. Through scenes of their childhood they'll wvan-ier rogether, And renew love's young dream amidst the' S8t SAMUEL WmIor has sent woi~dvto. his agents here to vithdraw hienubZ' scriptions towards the Agricultural and Pastoral societies, in whose shows he has taken many prizes for his flocks and. herds as well is other things. This seems playing it rather low down foe-al ma'ntwhomadei his money, and i iinkeit still; fiontlande s wiich ·the lax laws, made by the landed interest of the colony, enabled him-and many others-to secire at purely -nominal rates, and which now produce princely revenues for the fortunate first-robbers of the State. Onelian sesrcely blame the men who seized the opportunities afforded them of securing as many thousands of acres as' posible :that under any act-or dummnied--as they \- could annex., -But wh'en the needs of the-8tate-in which the i~roperties lie, require * that substantial -aid be afforded to protect that property, and to,give some measure of recognition or thes pirt of-the lucky holde? of his ~;ij~eiintlit y tot coitr;ib~i't&,~ bfailreing work to his less fortunate 'orethroen, or aid any--and every means of. pre venting the credit-and well-being -of A ctle~f~olodny. lieinigpdepreciated,-i arid 'when he fails to recognise those claime, then it is time for the State todstep in and by enactment to make sinch large,,holders of land contribute, and especialluy - absentee owners -who draw the sap out of the colony to expend t in luxury somewhere else. The State I should assert its undoubted right to r secure a fair share of the profits from I its own territory. It ie all very well a for Sir 'am to live in England at the \- former home of Disraeli to marry his I off-spring into some of ihe oldeit mrid possibly - frailest-- of aristocratic I- families, to hob-an-nob with even Iroyalty's off-shoots and do all this e luxury .witlh the money drawn from t -Australia, for'which he does not care nnodughtto lcoqtribtnt towardsj its ag icu ltural societies. It has been siated years ago that his donations to the Billarat Charitiseithe inarest to his mansion at ErIcildoune-were stopjed doi account of smen shearers, obrother strike for higher wages. and his recent cti iri, if true, accolitijates the position. If tlio State, as it should dod was to tcrcise the' power it un doubtedly has and to impose such a lad tax ias would force the holders of large estaites to improve. them, iso ae to afford employment, or failing that, to adop tMr Mclville's shekme and billet meandii proportion to their acres upon tho owsners, we would soon sen a diff.rcont state, ofaffairs. As has been repeuttedly Estted: t'axunimproved lands, aiid miike the tsxation cumu lativoeuntil it willipyi better to em ploy anid improvo, than to keep some of the most ealuable iareis in the colony fot soil 'nd situation, as mere sheep runs. Then like Sir Thoiias the RhymerbSir Samuel might return to Ercildouei in fpreferenice to paying a hiefavy abseiitee txi and living at classic ITugliendea with all its prim rose memories . Fred H1imph ies- he used to he Mr when he iwvs Pitili mentary ieporter for the Asrgs, mdnd was a real good fellow to boot--his been hlid up for the third time. truly; the boom fellon him with a heavy thud( Promoted forlis ability to the piosition of secretary bi thel 'Em players' Uni$4hiereated~a ro ite the Employisi' Uniori Ind'eii1pand floatedg'mesgtof the shares, blit iobither Unioi w'is generous by way of iesvsrd for duties perfirrmed and strvichs endered. The Iilciinity paid 10 per ceit, cud gave tlhe secretary ths giarid scremwovf £2. ph annumi, theii Fred fell away fromn gace, and lovanted with a piortion of the funds. After gettiiig tlheoe yrars aiid ?earning niairks for good econduct, the poorbeggar app'eared before a jury once mnre, on a writ of ,hadeas, ain receihed' anotlier eleneii months for taking £300 of the money he had made for his employers. I do not: sympathise with crime, but I can iiot, help thinkitig. thatw if. Ruinphries hled been niore geteroti-ly dtalt with hi vould still be free and a iesp cteble member of society. 