the rose of allandale. B GORDON" STABLES, M.D., R.N., Author of " S59 H, The 6U»iy of a Double I-ife," ' The Mystery of a Millionaire's Grave," ©t:. fiOSE sisoovsns HEB HOTUBE IN TEAliS. fiVNOPSIB OP PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CaAPTRRs I and II.—' Winnie Myth, a little ladr, wooed and woo by Jack Roberta, a sailor, and after one more voyage they vrerc mimed and left for a Ions sail round the Cope for Ceylon. Tlie purser Af the vessel, Mr Frederick Wallard. a Belf—uffi icnt ,ay lrillpr. Iw'B suw nwvcuuwi wun iwuciia uw, jack becomes "furiously jealous and at last just as Hfollard is fixing bis tidesconc to allow her to take a Ti»enat some dolpMra pambollingin the water, he S locos Jiis arm round her waist presumably to steady or Jiistattliat moment Jack tikes in the whole «ceoe He wrenches Wattard'e arm from her waist, nd strikes her to the ground. With the expression « 00 ward and cad" on bis lips Wallard 6truck at jtoberta. The next moment both were straggling on the deck, Roberts beneath . Then there was an ugly j,. ah of steel, and the purser sprang to Lis feet until his hand to his side, and the red blood spurting through his fingers. Ohai'Tkhs 111. av« TV.— After the ugly struggle "between Roberts and Wallard, the fortner is put in iioaa, but both ultimately recover, and at Winnie's «ugCC tioD, who nurses them bo'-b to health again, an "apparent reconciliation took place. A child, Hose, is born, and the love of tile mother is all for ber little one. Jack Robert! develops a selfish, jealous, rruel nature, and liabitimlly ill treats his wife. Time flies on, and after various vicissitudes Ho»c becomci n fine, beautiful girl. The mother take." li?r to Knglnnd, but there the child is stolen from her, and Ms Roberts, pooraud neglected, falls again into Watlard'p bonds. CitAPTKits V. and taist of V/.— ' Wallard endeavore to tike advantage of Winnie's helplessness nndsliows Her a cheu» for £250 which shall be here if she con sents to dine with liim. He threw the cheque-book carclcsslv into the drawer. She, for the sake of her child, whom she learnisis with Roberts in Ceylon, consents to visit hiin. During the evening she drugs lus wine, removes the cheque, and escapes. Kcxt day chc leaves for India, but previously writes a penitent letter to Wallard, CHAPTER VI. (Continued. ) At Aden, however, ehe received a terrible fright. A gontlepaan in plain clothes, who it was speedily rumored about was a detective, «ame on board. Winnie's heart almost stopped beating as he advanced in her direc tion, but he went down into the saloon, and presently he and the captain appeared to gether and took their way forward, and not long after they returned, for the detective ; find found his man — a pale-faced, unhappy, looking being, whom he had handcuffed. The officer s appearance was in strange con trast to that of the wretched man's beside Him. He was happy, jabUent, gay. Winnie felt rick and ill now, with thought. But she dared not movo lest she might attraot atten tion, so she sat in her chair and pretended to read. Colombo at last, and now a more sicken ing dread awaited her. Her husband's dntirw led him very much among shipping. i>T,vr; iio rxot- « )rnt' ou j find her. xsjhr fco. r ffi-l- jirw vlao. T<!c- f.Thi2« t\y iv!yw,l"rie nop. W»».j&rd; oi£br L®vtj , £>>« sot cnodud the cwfol vhouht. | >"<o f'UuuIk'd i.»r Uiown iixuirvvtiy j f> ur; ill u<» v. » «i. hlurbt cUe vemair. j > boj uil :i,h fa©&t; of nay Lad pasi-fd. j V-K.';!; ibo vri.Tr1;", tb%: ao dh-'i"b?a iiev, A xupic test Va just | -li tUidar went by. aud uo ouo fAtyihi' | yzor Norfr«ni tame © rhe. j wu sLad'o% >:r£ s . h'iiag fell, Lev foar » «a>! rU iu . -sit,! drfd. Tin- ©' >- ! mauled noir ua duoio and ©rta ruoomuiOuud t j her a small, quiet hotel. ' How shall I over thank yon f " ehe said, as she bade bim good-bye. "How can I flhow my gratitude?" 11 By not thanking me at all/' said the surgeon, smiling. " Believe me, dear lady, £ have done nothing bat my duty. Fare well. May you soon get over your troubles." Winnie awoke next morning full of hope od a half-hysterical joy. This poor mother resolved for the future, to take her life in her own hand, and to pilot herself as well as her little daughter, who, under the control of a nan like Koherts, she knew well would be morally murdered. She could hardly restrain her impatience, However. She had found out the name of the ship in which Rose sailed, and ehe knew that all the passengers bad l>een safely landed, and bow she felt that-sb© wanted to rush straight away out to hor husband's bungalow, and alasp the child once more in her arms. But this could not be. There was much to He done, and she murt do it carefully, BdentiGoally. Winnie had often taken part in theatricals, boih at home and abroad, and aonld dress well, and look hor part to perfec tion. She had provided for this, and now tnened her boxes, and in less than an hear toe was gotten up ne an Indian lady of some otaudiog aud css'e. Boldly now she could issue forth. No one locked twice at her, Roberts himself miehl Have passed her by and known her not. Her tint visit was to tbe house of su old servant, whom she had often befriended, but who had flpd from Roberts's bungalow as soon as her Mod mistress had gone. Weeba's sharp eyes detected Winnie at once, and she went almost wild with joy. But there was little time for the display of feelings, the poor mother being all impatience for the rescue of hor daughter, lu this ; "Weeba gladly offered her services, and oven agreed to return to England as Rose's yah. And now Winnie commenced immediately to put hor plans into execution. Of one thing she was certain. It would He impossible to remain safely in the island for eight end forty hours after she had stolen Her" baby." Roberts would at once raise He hue and cry, and a score of detectives Would be on her track. So while Weeba was sent to prepare Rose to meet hor mother, Winnie herself took her way harbor-waids. Fortune favored her for once. Here was dhow laden with poddy, and all ready to ail for Zanzibar. Yes, the Arab owner — a taU and gentlemanly man— was willing to take passengers, and for English gold lie woula keep all as ecorot and silent as the Stave. He even proposed lying round in a litUe oae\y bay, green fringed to (he water's edge With co2os palms. Here he said he would Bwait them, aud there would be lesB chance f their being seen embarking. So paying the titab a portion in advance, aud telling him Wnat extra stores to lay in, Winnie weut Heat hour©, with high hope in her Here, to her surprise and delight, she found her ohild. mamma/1 cried Rose, a00 .T happy to speak," and middled up there in her mother's arms, sbo Jgoea and cried by turns, and dually went 5H. sloop. Oh, the joy of this hour.' Wimne thought nothing of Wallard now ; grief nor trouble reaohed her heart. All she knew now was that her child was ale in her arms, close to her heait. Hose awoke at last with a happv smile, « then sha was told all she must do. Mat Tory night, her mother and the old Jee would come for her, and she must 7y Quietly out from her father's room, S1! slept. Before daylight they as £®. ®pMiivdy safe. -Ana so it happened. For at a very early ASBrnoxi morning, an Indian lady, with an 295) ay&h; and little Hose, presented herself at the bookiog-ofiice of the railway station, and tock tickets for Kandy. The clerk knew Rose. He nodded and smiled to her. " You are early astir, Alies Roberts/' he said. Rose blushed a little. "We want to get on before the day gets too warm/' she re plied. At eleven o'clock that morning, Roberts himself came to question the clerk. Roberts was red and excited. The elerk told him everything, aud he at once telegraphed in every direction apparently, then took a ticket himself for Randy. But Winnie and her companions quietly left the train at a village not far from Colombo. And here till shadcB of evening full, they lay perdu. Then commenced a long hot march ahorewarde. It was very dark, though a few stare were out, end fireflies dauced and flitted by every bush. But Weeba was an excellent guide, cud at last they reached the bay and were safely em barked. . Winnie was a criminal in one sense, but she was neither a skilled nor a clever one. She had made one terrible mistake— namely, in writing that letter to Wallard. He had awakened with a racking headache early in the morning, and finding himself lying on the sofa, began to press his brow with his band, and try to think. " Too much wine I" he said to himself. "Oh, I remember now, I put a little brandy iu the wine for Winnie's sake, and 1 drank that eherry as if it had not been fortified. Fool ! that I have been. Then I must have fallen asleep, and so— she left me. I wonder if I gave her the cheque." He staggered to his feet, and examined his drawer and ohequc book. "Yes," he said, " I must have given it to her. But I can remember nothing— nothing. All is a blank." At one o'clock that day he received Winnie's letter. He perused it sleepily for a time. Then sprang to his feet. " Cursed ass that I have been !" he cried, " she has fooled me and foiled me." He was about to tear the letter up to cast it in the grate. But suddenly he stayed his hand, and put it safely away in his pocket- book. " That will do another day, Mrs Roberts/' ne - 1J., nsdding and smiling to himself in ifce jria?.".. " Another day, "MVs Roberts. Emythi'-j coince o thoss whe can nait." i > ? eiontlie f;erwi»rdr ihU mr.c met every I returned fion Ju'Jis, but hn'-'.a I caw Wfcpb.. i Bvt cm,e he he?r\ i. "ify .'>ai < \- , TW« «B , rlie iw»ia.'-;k'?L-. ."U n,«2 the "c: L-jafm-f. A V.- " for Liis da/ iLl ".»nio. aoa in I WRT K> '.Oti EOT G7 ' ! CH .i l'!f- or vu i How sweet a thing is reet ! How delightful to a tired and weary mariner is the com parative calm that succeeds a wild-wind storm at sea, when squall or gale has fled far away, carrying before it the dark deepcurtain of clouds that, but a few short hours before, hung pall-liko over ship and ocean. ; the curtain through which lightnings flashed and glared and shimmered blue and crimson, till the very waves seemed waves of blood or ! flame ; the curtain that seemed to hide great guns fired incessantly by unseen hands, with a sound so awful that the hurricane wind was unheard, and the bewildered sailors, as they clutched at and clung to tbe black, wet rigging or stays, could but believe that the vessel was being torn into timbers beneath their very feet ! How sweet then tho rest that morning brings, as tho star light fades and pales in a eky now clear and deep ; as the orange- gleam of dawn spreads upwards in the East, aBcrimson feather-clouds, streak the sky, and the red sun leaps smiling above the distant horizon, while Nature bends down from the heavens, smoothing aud soothing all things SB a fond mother soothes her cradled babe. How sweet is rest 1 How sweat is rest — tbe rest that say, some summer's morning brings to the weary in valid who for weeks has lain racked with pain in the sick chamber, from which hope itself for a time has fled. Rest after days aud nights of sleepless agony. Rcet that the ailing one never expected to find except in the grave ; rest that he can hardly yet believe has really come at last, albeit out there on the trees be can soe beneath his window the sweet sunbeams glance and glitter, as the breeze goes whispering through tho foliage, as the clad swallows with joyful twitter go flitting hither and thither, feeding their young ones on ihe wing. The sunlight sparkles on the waves as if showers of precious stones were falling un seen from skywards : the sunshine dances on the leaves as if each leaf nursed a dia mond. The sunshine speaks to the sailor's heart, and he laughs aloud for the joy that is in him, while sail after sail is loosened to woo tho breeze, and the ship itself appears in6tinot with a new-fouDd life aud hope. And Nature in the sunshine speaks to the invalid thuB : " Cheor Up, poor, weary one, be calm and hopeful now. See bow gaily the flowers ate springing, how joyfully the taeselled tree nods in the perfumed air, how trustfully tbe crimson flowers of the rhodo dendrons looked sunward, how sweetly the red bells of the tall, bee- haunted fox -glove stand out against the bracken's green, how the roses and the syringa vie with eaoh other in wafting their odors on tho summer breeze, and how contentedly the blackbird sings hidden in thiokets of spruce I I am Nature, but I am not always unkind. I obey laws over whioh I havo no control. I obey the behests of the Great Unseen, whose laws are evenly balanced, afflictions ere nought save blessings in disguise, and tbo good follows tho seeming evil as daylight follows darkness, or Bunthiue follows storm. Be hold, I bring you peace, I bring you rest. Thus spoke or seemed to speak to Winnie Roberts, a still, small voioe, when two yeaTS after tho events I have tried to de scribe in the last chapter, she found her self settled down in a small village in tbo far north of Scotland with her little daughter On her arrival iu England she determined to go into biding and place as many miles as possible between herself and tie man Wallard ; between herself, too, and the agent of hor husband who might once more try to rob ber of her obild. Winnie possessed two talents that she thought might be batter appreciated beyond the Tweed than in England itself— music and painting. Both she oould teach, and if fortune would but begiu to favor her it would bo caBy, by ber earnest efforts, to make sufficient money for herself and Rose, to keep the gaunt wolf, hanger, from their cottage door. Yes, cottage door, for that desoribes their j humble bome exactly. In a small village it was, on the eastern shores of Abeideenshire, and not far from a town that has sent more brave hearts to tho Arctic regions, thnu ell. ino oh. er places in Scotland or England com bined. Indeed, from the front windows of this little cot in (ho suburbs of the village, they could catch glimpses of the far off sea, some times blue and beautiful and calm, at other ttinos wild and stoi m-tos=ed, the giant waves . tossing their white mane.! against the dark ling sky, but whether peaocful or tbe reverse, somehow, tbe sea haa always a charm for Hose ana her mother. thought themselves luoky indeed to find so praty a little cottage. It seemed really as if it bad been waiting for some such tenants. Five rooms, no more, nor were the rooms larje, bnt the hou3e was solid, dry and comfortable. There was a garden iu front, and n lawn behind sur rounded and shaded by trees, while in the sweet furaraer time, io«os clung on the walls and nodded bonnily in thronghfhe windows, and a mass of golden honeysuckle clustered round the porch. People wondered at first who the lonely lady was who called herself Mrs Roberts, and was said to be a widow. She was English, they knew from the first. English, and therefore no doubt possessed some m'jney or means, and would therefore be stuck-up, as they phrased it, and far too good to associate with such humble folks as they were. But when Winnie advertised in her window that ehe would receive pupils for music and drawing, then it got rumored abroad (hat the lady— she was always called the lady — had como through some great grief, and bad been reduced to poverty. So the good old clergyman or minister called first, and was so charmed with Winnie, with her s&d; voice ; and gentle mein, aud with her artless and beautiful daughter, that he did all in his power to assist her. There were many wealthy farmers in the neighborhood, and 1 a few resident gentry as well, so that a month had hardly passed away before the lady had pupils enough, and then there was no moro fear of starvation. Weeba, the strangely-dressed ayah, was an object of great attraction to the simple villagers. Would she, they wondered, wear those thin cotton rags when winter's winds began to howl over hill and brae, or would she dress less like a Pagan and more like a Christian ? Bat they did not forget, never theless, to waylay pcor Weeba when ever a reasonable chance presence! itself, and try to worm out of her the history of Winnie and Rose. As well miht they have tried to clioit the atory of bygone times from an ancient oak. Weeba knew nothing/ She told them nothing, and she told it in such broken English, that her anxious enquirers were just as wise as before, no more and none less. There was a mystery about Winnie and her daughter, therefore, and the mystery remained, but really it was this mystery— or rather the desire to unravel it— that led to the lady's success, though all elso apart, she played charmingly, and she had two gifts which stood her in good need as a teacher, patience and innate good-nature. Rose, too, played very sweetly, not only ou the piano, but on the zither. Was it any wonder, then, that calmness stole down and took possession of Winnie. It would have been a holy calm save for the one dark spot in her former history, the ap propriation of Wallard's money, fine never oould think of that awful night at his villa, without feeling as if a cold dead hand were clutching at her heart. But heron© aim and object in life must now be to save money to repay the man. Then and then only could she be really happy, truly at peace. And of Winnie's crime, in is almost need less to say her innocent child knew nothing. Yet that crime was a ghost that many times and oft at the midnight hour, when Rose's white wer; do in slumber, 6tslked (brougb .Lc ivma and kept poor Winnie Ru l4jg bad cut herself off entirely frnm the cuUide woril. There were two l upcr that oamr. by po&t; to her regularly week rituT week, r uo v/ Ihe " Geylon Ob- tt. ../' the cf her ' Th Western Mercury." ... r-., i... :Ather of these might S-. lb'-1" . ' flow I;-, one year, two years I y tirue.-ir.o r> ! arnzng from a wild | fiow-r - "i" cv v, Rose, now a fair i &r-t; frai'ijL. vut : . . found her mother i iyi::.- cn " ' u, a newspaper on the face buried in the cushions, tibe flew to her side and tried to raise her up. " O, mother dear, little mother," she cried, "what is it? What is it r Toll me, mother, tell your Rose. Mother, mother, speak?" The mother sat up. She was calmer now, though very pale. " Rose, my darling/' she said, "you are rather more than, a child now. It' is well I yon should know. Your father is dead." If Rose bent her head and shed tears, it was more in sympathy with her mother, than for any love she bore the man who had never behaved as a father to her. Mrs Roberts sent Weeba with excuses to her pupilB that evening, febo could not go out, nor could she see anyone. Bat when Weeba was gone, she gathered Rose to ber arms, and told her in sad, hut resigned tones, all the story of her childish love in Ghoolah woods, ana Rose herself knew how that dream of joy had ended. If it were possible, mother and daughter loved eaoh other better than ever now. There was nothing between them— save tho crime- each loved and trusted the other with a love : \bat nothing on earth could alter. Man aud boy for over thirty years, bold, bluff Captain Gregory, of the Arctic Queen, had sailed back and fro to "the coon try," as Greenland is ever called by sealing or whaling sailors. Ho had come to own the Arctic Queen in part, and a honnie ship she was. No sea that ever swept across the wild Northern Ocean, oould stave or sink her, no wind that over blew hod laid her on her beam ends, when Gregory himself was ou deck. But storms before now had blown the sticks out of her, seas had carried ber bowsprit off, and great green waveB had smashed her boats and wrecked her winch, and battered and tore fit her bulwarks, till they looked more like sheep hurdles than &uy; thing else that could he named. But the skipper was dauntless, and hie faith iu the strength and sailing capabilities of his bonuie barque was like a man-child's faith in a loving father. It had been proposed by the other owners to make the Arctic Queen a steamer. " What for r" thundered Gregory at the meeting, and he brought his fat, red fist to the tame with a bang as he spoke. 1 1 What for, I wonder ?" he cried. " I can do all and more with my sailing barque than ever I could with a puffing old tin kettle. Gentle men, there isn't a ship sails to the country that can go so olose to the wind, or come round in less sea- room, or run before the wind, or lay to so handsomely n s tbe Arctic Queen. Steam indeed ! Don't name it to me again, or I'll Bell ont and Jack her np. I'm a sailor ; you follows have never been a mile from a cow's nose in all your born days. Pardon myplainness, but no steamer for me, thanks." So no more had been said about turning the Arctic Queen into a puffing old tin kettle, end to do him justice it must be admitted that in any five years of her cruising the torque had brought home bb many skins as auy steamship afloat. So Captain Gregory had eomo reason to be proud of his barque. Now this good skippet's ship was his wife, aB every trne sailor's ship should be — well, till be get's m.\rriod, at all events. But Gregory was a bachelor. It somehow never occurred to him to marry. He had probably never met anyone that acted load stone- fashion on his sailor heart. Besides, every December he began to prepare for his voyage Pole- wards, and every February saw his harquo's prow pointed towards the Arotio Regions. Then it nsed to be well on in June or July before he returned, and what with unloading end one thing and anotbermcnths sooo slipped away, giving him tittle time to indulge in the pleasures or gaieties of life on shore. But one summer, in the very last week of May— and what I am about to relate happened just a year after Winnie had seen fha announcement in the Ceylon news- papers, that caused her tears to flow — the Arctio Queen returned home most unex pectedly. Mr Anderson, tbe chief owner, was just sitting down to breakfast, when it was reported that ehe could be seen stand ing in towards the shore aud signalling for a pilot. Mr Anderson jumped up, and wont to the top of his boose to seo for himself. Yes, there was tbe barque right enough, all taut and trim and very deep in the water, tihe must be a bumper ship, he thought, sb he hnrried away harborwards, fcrgotting all about his breakfast in the excitement of the moment. As soon as she was near enough ho could see tho heap of glittering fresh-water ice twixt fore and main, which porters from every hotel in town bad already assembled with tubs to secure. He could see, also, the beaming faoe of Captain Gregory on tbe quarter'deck, waving his red silk hankerohief shorewards. A bumper ship ! I should think she was. Never before had such a splendid cargo of sealskins been brought into the harbor. I "Hi! old man," cried the skipper, jubilantly, to Anderson as he 6hook hands with all a sailor's heartiness. 44 Where are your puffing tin kettles now ? Away astern, aren't they ?,s 44 I'll never say a word against & sailing craft again as long as I livo," said Ander son. But Captain Gregory's triumph was com plete when, just a fortnight after this, two steamers came in 44 clean." That is without J a cargo. So the bold skipper of tbe Arctic Queon would have all the sweet summer before him to enjoy in his own country, and this had not happened before for years. His share of tbe profits, too, was by no means inconsiderable, aud so, s&ilor-like; he determined to giro himself a littio eojoy ment. He could not be seen, every evening, at some out-door tea party, or on some tennis lawn or other, and everybody said he looked the jolliest of the jolly. To he sure, he affected to dress like a landsman, and .even wore a silk hat, but (here was that about b?m which told everyone he was a true son of Neptuno dress as ho might. One evening in particular— hut stay, I'll 1 begin another ohaptcr. CHAPTER VIII.— "Skippek Geeooht was a Stv Dog." One evening in particular, in his way from the town, Gregory had droppod in to spend a pleasant hour or two at the house of the chief owner, Mr Anderson, who, as the skipper had told his mate that day in language more plain than elegant, had 41 a a tea fight on." In other words, the Ander sons wore givi&g; a c&rden; party. Captain Gregory was arrayed in &U; tbe glory of a new and excessively shiny siik hat, but I am not certain that a sou'wester would not havo become this weather-beaten sailor better. 3 never can think that a round and rabionod face looks best surmounted by the tall hat of ; commerce ; and Gregory's face wae particu larly round and rubicund, and as mown in . point of fact as the back of my fiddle. Pleasant withal, however ; albeit tbe whiskers had to some slight extent borrowed the hue of the Polar snow fields, for the good skipper always had a smile for everybody, andno one could look at him without feeling that that smile had its origin deep down in the bottom of an honest and truthful heart, which some how always felt more for other people than for its owner. Gregory lived very much out of himself as it were, he possessed no large stock of inner consciousness ; he was apt to forget all about himself and invariably took mere interest in the welfare and happiness of other people than in those of " plain Tom Gregory" as he called himself, when talking to his friends. Now on this evening, or afternoon, after Tom had chatted pleasantly for a time with his hostess and otbem of his acquaintance, and swallowed about half-a-dozen cups of tea, the cups being so email and not hold- a tenth ae mnohas the mugs used on board ship, this sailor wandered abont somewhat listlessly. It was very hot even, for the people of this . Island, and Itlelt ffonhly. Northern ioe-fidds, and He wvrishsiqnaj oould divest himself of his brh jloth ouiot and wander about in his shirthalee vasis he did in hie own garden "ot home..' .-Presently his attention was attracted - by the sound of mosio that was very dulcet indeed, and by the sweet voice of a young girl singing an old sea song. THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE. The morn was fair, tbe sky was clear,' No breath camo o'er the sea, When Mary left her Highland cot, And wandered forth with me. Though flowers bedecked the mountain side, And fragrance filled tbe vale ; By far the sweetest flower there, Was the Rose of AU&ndale.; Gregory listened, entranced and enrap tured. It was the zither that was being played, but though he oould not see the singer owing to some intervening bushes, bo felt sure she was as pretty as the song she Bang. Where'er I wandered east or west, When fate began to lower, A solace still was she to mc, In sorrow's lonely hour. When tempest lashed our gallant bark. And rent each shivering sail, One maiden form withstood the btorm— 'Twas the Hose of AJland&lc.; And when my fever'd lips were parched On Afric's burning sands. She whispered hopes of happiness, Aud tales of distant lands. My life had been a wilderness Unblest by fortune's gale, Had fate not linked my lot to hers— The Rose of Ailandale. (to he continued.) 