CHAPTER. VII.—Captain Geeooby oftiie Aectic Queex. How sweet a thing is rest! How delightful to a tired and weary mariner is the com parative calm that succeeds a wild-wind storm at sea, when squall or gale has fled far awar, carrying before it the dark deepcurtain of clouds that, but a few short hours before, hunc pall-like over ship and ocean; the curtain through whioh lightnings flashed and glared and Bhimmered blue and crimson, till the very waves seemed waTes of blood or flamo; the curtain that seemed to hide great guns fired incessantly by unseen hands, with a sound so awful that the hurricane wind was unheard, and the bewilderod sailors, as they clutched at and clung to the black, wet rigging or stays, could but believe that the vessel was being tom into timbers beneath their very feet ! How sweet then the rest that morning brings, as the star light fades and pales in a sky now clear and deep; as the orange gleam of dawn spreads upwards in the East, as crimson feather-clonds, streak the sky, and the red sun leaps smiling above the distant horizon, while Nature bends down from the heavens, smoothing and soothing all things as a fond mother soothes her oradled babe. Howsweei is rest I How sweet is rest—the rest that say, some summer’s morning brings to. the weary in valid who for weeks his lain racked with pain in the sick chamber, from which hope itself for a time has fled. Rest after days and nights of sleepless agony. Rest that the ailing one never expected to find except in the grave; rest that he can hardly yet believe has really come at last, albeit out there on tho trees he can Bee beneath his window the sweet sunbeams glance and glitter, aBthe breeze goeB whispering through the foliage, as the glad swallows with joyful twitter go flitting hither and thither, feeding their young ones on the wing. The sunlight sparkles on the waves as. if showers of precious stones were falling un seen from skywards : the Bunshine dances on the leaves as if each leaf nursed a dia mond. The aunshina speaks totte sailors u?SSt4ilmirw?i^’saii*aftef sail is loosened to woo the breeze, and the ship itself appears inBtinot with a new-found life and hope. And Nature in the sunshine speaks to the invalid thus : “ Cheer up, poor, weary one, he calm and hopeful now. See how gaily the flowers aro springing, how joyfully the tasselied tree nods in the perfumed air, how trustfully tho crimson flowers of tho rhodo dendrons looked sunward, how sweetly the redbollsofthe tall, bee-haunted fox-glove stand out against the bracken’s green, how the roses and tho syringa vie with caoh other in ■wafting their odors on the summer breeze, and how contentedly the blackbird sings hidden in thickets of spruce !' I am Nature, but I am not always unkind. I obey laws over which I have no control. I obey the behests of the Great Unseen, whose laws are evenly balanced, afflictions are nought save blessings in disguise, and the good follows the seeming evil as daylight follows darkness, or sunshine follows storm. Be hold, I bring you peace, I bring you rest.” Thus spoke or seemed to speak to Winnie Roberts, a still, small voice, when two years after the events I have tried to de scribe in tho last ohapter, she found her self settled down in a small village in tho far north of Scotland with her little daughter On her arrival in England Bhe determined to go into hiding and place as many miles as possible between herself and the man Wallard ; between herself, too, and the agent of her husband who might once moro try to rob her of her child. Winnie possessed two talents that she thought might be better appreciated beyond the Tweed than in England itself—musio and painting. Both she could teach, and if fortune would but begin to favor her it would be easy, by hor earnest efforts, to make sufficient money for herself and Rose, and to keep the gaunt wolf, hunger, from their cottage door. Yob, cottage door, for that describes their humble home exactly. In a smalt village it was, on the eastern shores or Abeidecnshire, and not far from a town that has sent more brave hearts to tho Arctic regions, than all thoother places in Scotland or England com Indecd, from the front windows of this littio cot in the suburbs of the village, they could catch glimpses of the far off sea, some times bluo and beautiful and calm, at other times wild andstorm-tosscd, the giant waves tossing their white manos against the dark ling sky, bnt whether peaceful or the reverse, somehow, the sen bad always a charm for Hose and her mother. They had thought themselves lucky indeed to find so pretty a little cottage. It seemed really as if it had been waiting for somo such tenants. Five rooms, no moro, nor were the looms large, hut the house was solid, dry and ccmfortablo. There was a garden in front, and a lawn behind sur rounded and shnded by trees, wbilo in tho sweet summer timo, roses clung on tbo walls and nodded bonnily in through the windows, and a mass of golden honeysuckle clustered round tho porch. People wondered at first who tho lonely lady was who called herself Mrs Roberts, and was said to bo a widow. She was English, they know from the first. English, and therefore no doubt possessed some money or means, and would therefore bo stuck-up, as thoy phrased it, and far too good to associate with such humble folks as they wore. But when Winnie advertised in her window that she would receivo pupils for music and drawing, then it got rumored abroad that tho lady—she was always called the lady— had come through some great grief, and had been reduced to poverty. So the good old olorgyman or minister callod first, and was so charmed with Winnie, with her sad voice and gentle mein, and with her artless and beautiful daughter, that he did all in his power to assist her. There were many wealthy farmers in the neighborhood, and a few resident gentry as well, so that a month had hardly passed away before the lady had pupils enough, and then there was no moro fear of starvation. Weeba, the strangely-dressed ayah, was an object of great attraction to tho simple villagers. Would she, they wondered, wear those thin cotton rags when winter’s windB began to howl over hill and brae, or would sho dress less like a Pagan and more like a Christian ? But they did not forget, never theless, to waylay poor Weeba when ever a reasonable cbonoo presentoI itself, and try to worm out of her the history of Wiunie and Rose. As well might they have tried to elicit tho story of bygono times frail an anoient oak. Weeba know nothing. Sho told them nothing, and siie told it in such broken English, that her anxious enquirers were just as wise as before, no moro and nono less. There was a mystery about Winnie and her daughter, therefore, and the mystery remained, but really it was this mystery—or rather the desire to unravel it—that led to the lady’s Bncccss, though ail else apart, she played oharmingly, and she had two gifts which stood her in good need as a teacher, patienco and innate good- nature. Bose, too, played very sweetly, not only on the piano, but on the zither. Was it any wonder, then, that calmness stole down and took possession of Winnie. It would have been a holy calm Bave for the one dark spot in her former history, the ap propriation of Wallard’s money. She never could think of that awful night at his villa, without feeling as if a cold dead hand were clntohing at her heart. But herone aim and object in life must now be to save money to repay the man. Then and then only could she be really happy, truly at peace. And of Winnie's crime, it is almost need less to say her innocent child knew nothing. Yet that crime was a ghost that many times and oft at the midnight hour, when Rose’s white eyelids were closed in slumber, stalked through the cottage rooms and kept poor Winnie wide awake. But she had not ent herself off entirely from the ontside world. There were ..two aanamjUi.tr—otu' no's LUe •• Ceylon Ob server,” the other “ The Western Meroury.” Some day, she thought, either of these might tell a tale'. So the time flew by, one year, two years and nearly three, and returning from a wild flower expedition one day, Rose, now a fair and fragile hut tall girl, found her mother lying on the little couch, a newspaper on the floor, and her weeping face buried in the cushions. She flew to her side and tried to raise her up. “ 0, mother dear, little mother,” she cried, “whatiBit? WhatiB it? Tell me, mother, tell your Rose. Mother, mother, speak?” The mother sat up. She was calmer now, though very pale. “ Rose, my darling,” she said, “ you are rather more than a child now. It is well you should know. Your father is dead.” If Rose heat her head and shed tears, it was more in sympathy with her mother, than for any love she boro the man who had never behaved as a father to her. Mrs Roberts sent Weeba with excuses to her pupils that evening, She could not go ont, nor conld she see anyone. Bnt when Weeba was gone, she gathered Rose to her arms, and told her in sad, bnt resigned tones, all the story of her childish love in Ghoolah woods, and Rose herself knew how that dream of joy had ended. If it were possible, mother and daughter loved each other better than ever now. There waB nothing between them—save the crimo— each loved and trusted tho other with a love that nothing on earth could alter. Man and boy for over thirty years, hold, bluff Captain Gregory, of tho Arctic Queen, had sailed back and fro to “ the country,” as Greenland is evor called by sealing or whaling sailors. He had come to own the Arctic Queen in part, and a bonnie ship she was. No sea that over swept across the wild Northern Ocean, could stave or, sink her, no wind that over blew bad laid her on her beam ends, when Gregory himself was on deck. But storms before now had blown tho sticks out of her, seas had carried her bowBprit off, and great green waves _ had smashed her boats and wreoked her winch, und battered and tore at her bulwarks, till thoy looked more like sheep hurdles than anything else that could he named. But the skipper was dauntless, and _ hiB faith in the strength and sailing capabilities of hi» _ honniq-1^* raitn in a loving father. It had been proposed by the other owners to make the Arctic Queen a steamer. “ What for ?” thundered Gregory at the meeting, and he brought his fat, red fiBt to the table with a hang as ho spoke. ‘1 What for, I wonder ?” he oriod. “ I can do all and more with my sailing harqne than ever I could with a puffing old tin kettle. Gentle men, there isn’t a ship sails to the country th3t can go so olose to the wind, or come round in loss sea-room, or run before the wind, or lay to so handsomely as the Arotio Queen. Steam indeed! Don’t name it to me again, or I’ll sell ont and Jack her up. I’m a sailor; you fellows have never beon a milo from a cow’s noso in all your bom days. Pardon myplainnoss, but no steamer for mo, thanks.” So no moro bad been said about turning the Arctic Queen into a puffing old tin kettle, end to do him just iso it must he admitted that in any fivo years of her cruising the barquo bad brought homo bb many skins as any steamship afloat. So Captain Gregory had some reason to he proud of his barque. Now this good skipper’s ship was his wife, as every true sailor’s ship should be— well, till he get’s married, at all events. Bnt Gregory was a bachelor. It somehow never occurred to him to marry. Ho had probably never met any one that acted load stone-fashion on his sailor heart. Besides, every December he began to prepare for his voyage Pole-wards, and every February saw bis barque’s prow painted towards the Arctic Regions. Then it used to ho well on in Jane or July before he returned, and what with unloading and one thing and anothermenths soon slipped away, giving him little time to indulge in the pleasures or gaieties of life on shoro. Bnt one summer, in the very last week of May—and what I am aboat to relate happened just a year after Winnie had seen the announcement in the Ceylon news papers, that earned her tears to flow—the Arctic Queen returned home most unex pectedly. Mr Anderson, the chief owner, was just sitting down to breakfast, when it was reported that Bhe could he seen stand ing in towards the shore and signalling for a pilot. Mr Anderson jumped up, and wont to the top of his house to seo for himself. Yes, there was the barque right enough, all taut and trim and very deep in the water, Bhe must he a bumper ship, ho thought, as he hurried away harborwards, forgetting all about his breakfast in the excitement of tho moment. As soon as she was near enough he could see tho heap of glittoring fresh-water ice twixt fore and main, which porters from every hotel in town had already assembled with tubs to secure. He could seo, also, the booming faco of Captain Gregory on the quarter-deck, waving his rod silk hankerchief shorowards. A bumper ship! I should think ehe was. Novorbcforo had such a splendid cargo of sealskins been brought into tho harbor. “Hi! old man,” cried the skipper, jubilantly, to Anderson as he shook hands with all a sailor’s heartiness. “ Where are your puflingtin kettles now? Away astern, aren’t they?” “ I’ll novor Bay a word against a sailing craft again as long as I livo," said Ander But Captain Gregory’s triumph waB com plete whon, just a fortnight after this, two steamers came in “clean.” That is without a cargo. So tho bold skipper of tbo Arctic Queen would have all the sweet summer before him to enjoy in his own country, and this had not happened beforo for years. Ilia aharo of tho profitn, too, was by no means inconsiderable, and so, sailor-like he determined to give himself a little enjoy He could not be seen, every evoning, at some out-door tea part}', or on some tennis lawn or other, and everybody said he looked tho jolliest of the jolly. To be sure, he affected to drosB like a landsman, and oven wore a silk hat, hut there was that about him which told everyone ho was a true son of Neptune dres3 as he might. One evening in particular—hut stay, I’ll begin another ohapter. 