THE MYSTERY OF THE TOWER. A TAM OF THBILMHS IHTBEBST, CHAPTER XXYIII. (CONTINUED). BT HELEN COBWIN PIEBOE, The old gardener was avpay about ten minutes It Beemed much longer to those who were waiting. He came back with a very strange white face and wild eyes. He was trembling violently, like a man with palsy. Sibyl went np to him. She took hold of him with convulsive hands. " Has anything happened to Prudence Garr!" she demanded, ii jf0) no—nothing, I swear to you 1" he ""Butte looked dazed, frightened, he stared at her in a helpless, bewildered kind of way that was both puzzling and alarming. " What is the matter with you, man ?•' the housekeeper exclaimed. " You look as if you had seen a ghost." " Well, maybe I have. Get your keys, Mrs Tnrfit, and oome aw,ay with me. I've some- Sibyl's hand waa still on "his arm, mr anxious eyes on his face. " Miss Garr has gone," he said to her. 'You know the old man wouldn't lie to you." Sibyl fell back. She yielded the keys meehanica ly to Mrs Turfit's greedy and impudent clutch. She waB not thinking of her, but watching that old man's face with a thrilled and desperately-throbbing heart. What was the story it told ? What had he seen—what ghost 1 What was the meaning of that eager pitying, wondering, doubting, startled look in his eyes as he gazed at her 1 Why should it make her think of Kenrick, whom this old man had loved so well 1 She fell on her knees when they had all gone out, sobbing wildly : " My darling—my darling—my darling !" Now, then, what iB it ?" Mrs Turfit dejn&aded; of James ReeBe,.as they were going along one of the corri lors, after locking the tower doors on poor Sibyl, She had sent all the rest of them on t>their beds, and she and the gardener ha.) gone into the diniug-roum. "Itis just this, MLH Turfit—I have Been the ghost of ilr Prince I I wasn't asleep and I didn't imagine it. I saw it as plain ar 1 see you now." " The ghost of a live mail 1 What are you talking about ?" " I don't care," JameB *aid, stoutly. *' I was coming into the house, after putting Miss Garr in the carriage, and it stood right there by the big snowball bush. It is moonlight, you know, and the moon shone full on bis face. Wait now, and let me tell you. 1 thought it was Mr Prince himself, though his face was a deal whiter and thinner-like than his was when he ran screaming out of yon tower room. He looked so strange I 1 was just going to speak to him, when Mr Prince's own window, which opens that way, you know, was lifted, and he called to me to know what was going on down there. Thought he heard a carriage, he said. I was that scared I could hardly speak, but I tolhim MiBS Garr had just gone away in a carriage to catfch the train at Hampton, and he swore at me horribly, and slammed the window down, and when I looked back for the ghost it was gone." "Gone?" Mrs lurfit laughed contemptuously. "Well, I've heard of old people getting their second sight, but I guess you have got your first and second all at once," she said, " Sou see double first-iate, James. If that is all, you can go to bed, and I'll take care of the ghoats, Good night!" She cent him off, and stood a moment pondering, wondering if she should , go and eive he'rkevs to Mr Prince. no condition to have them. I will keep them till morning anyway, and now that Luey Tenner has gone, he may want me to keep them all the time." She felt thatshewonld like that. Then she went to her own rooms, which were on a lower Boor, and consisted of a handsome parkr and bedroom. As she entered the first, she laughed soornfully. " Ghost, indeed!" she exclaimed, and then Btooi Btill. Something had moved near her. A curious, creepy feeling went over her. She sprang quickly and turned up the ga«, her heart in her throat. The next moment she barely stifled a •cream. " It is only I—Kenrick Prince. Don't you know me, Mrs Turfit?" said a voice that went through her like a current of electricity—why, she did not pause to think. "Mr_ Prince?" she stammered, all her senses in a whirl, staring at him with wondering, frightened eyes. What had he done to himself since she saw him such a short time before in that tower-room I Why, if he had not called his own name, she wou'd hardly have known him, he was so white, BO wild-looking. The thought did flash over her that perhaps he had seen the ghost, or whatever it that had scared Beese. Never was a man so altered before in so short a time. "Don't you know me ?" he said again, in hollow, despairing accents. " You don't look as if you did." The housekeeper stood in an utter stupefaction of bewilderment. Was it because he haa been drinking that made him so lookBO dreadfully, so changed ? " You—yon look so strange I" she stammered again. Are you ill ? What has happened to you ?" " You would not believe me if I told you," he said. "I have been in hell, Turfit—I have,truly." As he spoke he went toward her. His white teeth were clenched. He looked wan aild wasted thin to a shadow. " Pity me—help me 1" he muttered, lifting such anguished, horror-filled eyeB to her face that the housekeeper extended her hands. "Don't ! Oh, don't take on so, Mr Prince I" He caught the hands in his with the strangest cry, and dropping his poor, ghastly and haggard face upon them, burst into tears. CHAPTEB XXIX. FORGOTTEN, The housekeeper saw that he was trembling so that he could scarcely stand, and she drew him to a chair. He sank into the cushioned depths of the large easy chair and lay with closed eyes,- like a man weary and exhausted almost unto death. Mrs Turfit stood and gazed at him in bewildered wonder. What had changed him so frightfully 1 She could not understand it. Suddenly there was a slight sound outside her door. Her visitor started wildly and stared in that direction. " Lock it, for God's sake 1" 'he whispered,' with shaking lips. She went toward the door, thinking *he would turn the key to humor -him, when before she could reach it it opened,-and the impostor appeared upon the threshold, staring with .eyes that seemed aB if they would drop i out of their sockets tat the figure-m the ; chair, , • His jaw fell, his swollen cheeks seemed .to collapse, and the purple flush on his face faded to a leaden, livid pallor. s He leaned heavily against the door-post, (taring. Mrs Turfit was iairly grasping for breath. " Two of themi" she.muttered, in horrified accents, wondenng if she were not losing her. mind. " Not dead I". Jasper ejaculated, almostunconsci6usly, icy hands seeming all at once to elutchhim. His breath came thick, his limbs seemed I? Did he even remember in this supreme moment the agonies ofremorse he had suffered, the pangs ofguilty- fearthat had torn Ins soul ? Not at .all f He only, felt ithat theman whose identity he had Stolen -and -whom he apposed dead and buried bad come back to take from him all that he had won by hia wickedness, and he hated him more bitterly than Gain did Abel. Kenrick, tco, seemed stunned with amazement at first sight of hiB brother. " Tow here 1" Ue exclaimed at last, in stern and bitter tones. "How is that? How come you here? Where do you suppose I have been? To prison in your place 1 Sleeping in a felon's cell that belonged to yon I How is it ? Why are you here while I was there ? I could never convince Captain Dunning that I was not Bick Salsey. He sneered and mocked at everything I eaid, and he swore that if I contrived to get away from prison every day in the year, justBO often would he hunt me down and take me back. He is after me now; lie may come into this house at any moment. What are you going to do about it ? Which shall he take?' Jasper was thinking fast. He glanced at the housekeeper and saw that she was completely confounded and bewildered. Everything that Kenrick had said was to her as if he bad spoken in an unknown tongue. " My dear boy," he exclaimed, suddenly, " Captain Dunning shan't have either of us —not you, at any rate. Come with me and let us talk it over. How tired'you look? Have you been ill ?" He went and put his arm around-Kenrick with -an affectionate air. , " Come I" he said, gently . \- »UC OCILUG ! nmc liv^ IwjLo-l .it MTR.XUrf behind"hiB brother and touching his forehead Bignificantly, shook his head gloomily. Poor Kenrick had been through so much, and, however he had escaped from Captain Dunning, wis still suifering from the effects of Doctor Varle's wicked drugs. His brain was very far from clear. He had suffered so much, been mocked at, jeered, and derided, that a kind word sank into his soul. He was so weak in body and mind that, after the first indignant outburst, his eyes filled with tears at his wicked brother's hypocritical kindness and iloving manner, and he let Jasper take him where he would. Jasper spoke to Mrs Turfit aB they were going out. The housekeeper had scarcely moved since he made his appearance at the door. Won't you bring us a lunch to my c<yrca!" he said, gtaoinusly. " Ooi friend here seems faint. A few oysters, any cold meat, anything that comes handy, and a <iottie of winr\" " No wine for me!'' Kenrick broke in, decidedly. " You know how I hate it. don't, vim, Mrs'Turfit? Bring me one of ihose delicious cups of tea you knots') well bow o brew. Many a one you have made for me." The housekeeper gave him a quick, excited lo'ik, and Jasper bit his lip savagely. " One to the bad," he thought. " Why couldn't I remember how odd he always was about wine ?" As he conducted Kenrick slowly along to his apartments he wondered, with a chilly thrill, what was meant about Captain Dunning, Could there be anything in it ? " How queer too " he thought, " that he says nothing about his wife 1" Kenrick Prince asked after his mother, and Jasper evasively told him flhe was well, but he never mentioned Sibyl, his wife. He was quite clear that he had been in prison in his convict brother's place, but he could not tell how he got there. He remembered nothing about the railway disaster, Doctor Varle, or his marriage. In short, something very queer seemed to have happened to his mem' ry. It was partly the result of his injuries and partly Doctor Varle's drugs. Jasper was quick to see that something was wrong and to exult in it. It made what he meant to do just BO much easier. " If I only knew certainly whether Dunning, has had him I" he mused, anxiously, his blood chilling at the very thought; " But I believe he only imagines that." Mrs Turfit came presently with the lunch he had ordered, and he could see by the way she looked at Kenrick-that she was excited j^JjMiHejfS^^^tte.ris'ir ne< tnongac. " She can't make it out." As the housekeeper left the room, hernarrow, pale eyebrows were contracted thoughtfully, and her thin lips compressed in an ex- pression that meant mischief to somebody. " Thank goodneBS he didn't ask for the keys ?" she said, as she turned her steps toward the tower-reoms once more. " I am almost sure, myself," she muttered, with the same cunning, wicked look, "though he is mightily changed. But here is somebody will know I" Sibyl Prince had not thought of retiring. The old gardener's looks haunted her. She had been walking about all the time, up and down, up and down, trying to calm and check the wild, strange thoughts that would sweep over her, but in vain. What was it the gardener had seen ? What bad made him look at her in that white, puzzled way? Ghosts? What ghost? whose ghost ? The lovely eyes were burning bright, the sweet face flushed with the fever of thought that consumed her. At sight of Mrs Turfit's mean, malicious face, she stood still, hei handBclasped tightiy, outwardly calm, though deadly pale, while her heart beat fiercely against her side. The housekeeper was looking at her with the eame expression, James Beese had worn, Mrs Turfit's thin lips parted in a slow, cold smile, " It is an utter impossibility for you to even guess what I am here for," she said, in a hateful and malicious voice, " and yet to look at you one would think you knew." Sibyl did not utter a word, but her looks showed that she was suffering. The housekeeper would have liked to torture her longer, but she was too impatient herself. " Come with me I" she said, going quickly out of the room. a Sibyl clasped her hands upon her heaving 1 bosom, and followed in silence. The_ woman went straight back to the room in which she left the two men at their lunch. At the door she paused, looking strangely at Sibyl, From within came the sound of the two voices plainly—one BO -different from the other—though they could not distinguish a word, Sibyl's beautiful face was white as death. Her large eyes burned as with white flames. As she move! forward, Mrs Tnrfit shrank out of her way, Sibyl put her hand ypon the door. It was locked. She turned npon the housekeeper with a fierce and-deBperate gesture.. The woman' stared excitedly. Then she almost raadown the passage to another door aiid tried it. As it yielded to her hand, she whirled and caught Sibyl by the arm. " "You can go through this, right into the loom where they -are," shs said, hurriedly, pushing her a little and following quickly, as Sibyl darted to the door indicated and wrenched it open. Jasper Prince sat directly opposite. The glass of wine he was just lifting jto his lips ^ fell with a - crash. . There was only one face, in the whole wide world, he would not-rather have seen at .this moment than.. Sibyl's, and that was Captain John Dunmng's. Kennck's back was to the door. He had not seen his wife yet. There wasone chance for Jasper: to fling; himself on Sibyl and thrust her out of the room, before her husband did see/her. He leaped at her like a tiger. But, quicker stilly she eluded -him; flashed from his outstretched hands and fell almost fainting at Kennck'g feet. .Then enBued a strange Ecehe. Jasper stood . glaring, longing, yet >: not daring, to tear the beautiful woman iromthat place, and drag her back to the tower rooms; : Mrs Turfit had come into the apartment and was standing very/near, -but he had sot seen her. " Look at yourhrothar I" she whispered." " He don't know her." Jasper lifted his eyes to Kenrick'a face, and ;a -Bhiver of horrible exultation ran through Turn. " It's true 1 ; He-has forgotten her; foo I' 1 he muttered, through his clenched teeth, ' \- The room was very Btill. Sibyl knelt, half embracing her husband, ;her :loveIy: eyea fastened Upon his handsome, "haggard face with the strangest expression, enrely, that ever a woman's countenance wore. Her ashy lips moved over the words, ".Not dead, not dead?" just as Jasper had said, but no sound came from. them. She was stricken dumb with awe and wonder Kenrick sat like a statue. He might have been a stone, for all sign of recognition in the sad black eyes, that looked so strangely into those of his wife. Gradually the horror of it crept over her. The rapturous smile which had parted her soft lips at first, froze there. Into the sweet, white face came an agony of fear, incredulity 1 and despair, beyond words, "Ken," Bhe breathed at last, faintly— " Ken I" CHAPTER XXX. SOME DIAMOND BIKGS. There was bo answer—only a strange, pitying stare from the unhappy man—a forced, mechanical smile. Htsr arms fell away from him. She rose slowly and stiffly to her feet. " Father in heaven I" she ejaculated., " Is this my Kenrick, or only another cheat ? Or have I gone mad at last, as they tried to make me ? Kenrick—my Ken—my beloved I" She reached and touched his hand with hers, '-You ate Ken—tea,you ate, 1 . But oh, my God, how strangely you look at me I" ; Bhe covered her face with her hands 5 her sobs fiUed the room—sounds of fearful, of it, heartrending woe and anguish. ICan-ri^k- i^riuce iuTJicd l-o hiB brni'biir.. lie lifted his"thin, white,' trembling hands wit? a piteous gesture of amazement, deprecation and. pain. Jasper saw his opportunity. He came foward. His moBt wicked look in the handsome, wicked eyes that were BO wonderfully like, so horribly unlike his brother Kenrick's. " You don't know thiB young lady—do you, Ken ?" he said, in his spnghtlieat manner. •' You don't know who she is ?" "I don't, indeedl" Renrick anBwered, knitting his pale, delicate brows anxiously. Jasper was trembling .from head to foot with the excitement of the situation. His voice sounded hoarse and thick as he spjke. It was euch an awful, audicious, dastardly lie which he uttered. "My brother," he said, "this is my wife.'' He paused to see if Kenrick would contradict him; bat he did not. Sibyl lifted her head. Jasper did not look at her. "She takes you for me," he went on. " We look so much alike, you know." " But she called me by my name." " Yon muBt -pardon her for that. Slue ib a little wrong in her head. She has heard me speak of you. She calls me Kenrick sometimes." Sibyl's sobs had ceased, She stared from one to the other, stunned with horror. "Poor girl!" Kenrick murmured, very low, looking at her compassionately with his beautiful, kind eyes. Jasper's first impulse was to go and put his arm round Sibyl; but he thought better of it, and moving to a position just behind his brother, leaned slightly over him, and from this vantage ground bestowed upon the dazed girl a sneering and exultant smile. For the first time in all Sibyl's know, ledge.of bim, the wretch really frightened her. She felt as though an iron hand were gripping her heart, and slowly crushing all. the life blood out of it. Her brain reeled, her senses seemed going, an awful blackness was swallowing lier. She struggled against it with all her might, but in vain. She was fallingfalling. Jasper and Kenrick both sprang to save her. It was her husband who reached her first, uttering as lie caught her a. low cry of tenderest compassion and dismay that thrilled her to the soul, and drove back, as if by magie, the tide of unconsciousness, to tike ier from that dear clasp, toUft one white arm and wind it round her husband's neck, as with a dying clutch. It was not easy to remove her. Jasper was alarmed. He took hold of the delicate arm, and pulled quite roughly in his effort to loose it. Sibyl moaned feebly. " Don't I Can't you see you are hurting her ?" Kenrick exclaimed, almost fiercely, Jasper fell back with a suppressed oath. "You had better lay her down somewhere," suggested Mrs Turfit, sweetly. " it is always better to lay a person down in a fainting fit." " Of course. Put her on this eonch, Ken!" exclaimed Jasper, bustling into the next room. Sibyl's arm tightened about her huBband's neck. " Darling!" Bhe whispered, agonisedly, "Don't you remember Lily? Den't you know Lily ? Oh, try and remember. Do try, beloved!" "Let me help you, Mr Kenrick," interposed Mrs Turfit. " You don't look fit." Kenrick stared at her with bewildered, troubled looks. " Lily ?" he murmured. " Lily ? Where have 1 heard that name before ?" "It is my wife's name," Jasper said, coolly. And with a sudden fierce wrench he tore Sibyl from lis brother's clasp and bore her into the next room. Kenrick remained, staring straight be - fore him with wild, fixed looks and histwo hands holding MB head. '* Lily g" he muttered, still with quivering lips. " Lily ? Lily p" as though he was trying to rember. Sibyl retained her consciousness perfectly, but she felt faint and weak, and she wanted time to think. As Jasper placed her on the couch, she closed her eyes and pretended to be in a deep swoon. Jasper stood over, with- clenched hands and grinding teeth, listening to bis brother. Mrs Turfit stepped up beside him stealthily. " You're in a pretty tight place, I should say," she whispered. " What will you give me to help you out ?" He looked.at her keenly a moment; then he pub his hand in hie pocket, and pulled cut three handsome diamond rings—a soli- tairie, a-clusterand a circle; the last set with five beautiful brilliants of great lustre and-purity. '-My mother's riiigSj" he said. "You. may have your pick if you get her back intoj the tower without him seeing her again—and keep her there!" headded. The housekeeper's eyes gleamed with avarice and vanity. (You'll need my help straight on,".she said]. "Give them all to me, and I'll see youjthrough." ' . ,'_".'; Jasper hesitated.; Inwardly he cursed J her for her greediness. ' - " You can't do one thing without me," the -woman whispered again. Where iB Mies Garr ?" lie asked. She was to be driven to the station. I, don't know any more than that. Gone for help for; Mrs -Kenrick, jit's likely," the woman said,:witha jerk of her head toward; Sibyl and a broad grin. Jasper started. Dangers were thickening around him. Dunnmgmight.appearatanymoment. Miss Garr had gone to him. But the most imminent perili was this,. tight here now facing him; . ; : At any- cost Sibyl and her husband must be kept apart. Help lie must have to accomplish it— he could do nothing alone—and there was .no one to furnish if in'-Belle's absence except ihis -woman, and :he should . have to: bribe her anyway to make her hold her Even he shrank from, the i.descration of using his mother's- rings for such a purpose, bat he had no money. Mrs Turfit was watching him. The hitherto cringing. and subservient houseieepfer had-altered her demeanour greatly within the last hour. An-';insolent,'domineeringlight:gleamedi fromfher-ysmall -eyes* andher .thin/sallow face "I shouldn't think you'd want to. consider of it long," she said. " I might make you. pay me more—a great deal more—now I know who you ain't and what you are." Jasper shuddered. . In the next room he could see Kenrick excitedly walking up and down, still repeating over in anxious, troubled tones: "Lily! Lily! Lily!" He knew that strangely vanishing memory might come back at any moment. He extended hiB hand with the rings—a marvellous glittering heap. " Take them I" hie said. The woman grabbed them with an absurd eagerness that would have been laughable under any other circumstances. " Now attend to her," JSsper said, sternly, " and do it well I Get her away from here just as quickly as possible. Will you do it ?" «I will;" It never occurred to Jasper to wonder how she would do it. He went into the next room, closing the door between the two carefully. Mrs Turfit stood for an instant gloating over her rings;; then, with a glance at Sibyl, stepped to the closed door and stood trying to heir what was going on beyond. Sibyl cautiously opened her eyes a little. The'door by which the cunning housekeeper stood was at some distance from the couch, and her back was to that. At the foot of the couch was the door into the hall through which Sibyl had come a little before wUen- ! Blie broke ; :in so unexpMtedly upon Jasper and hie most unwelcome gueStT - "~J This last door Sibyl resolved to reach, and if possible eBcape by it. Everything—her huBband's life, her all of hope of happiness—she felt depended on her retaining her liberty, and not falling again into Jasper's power. Hec strength had come back to her at the awful, the frightful need for it. Her mind was steady and clear. CarefuUj, noiselessly, Bhe drew herself up, first to a sitting posture, and let her limbs slip gently to the floor. The housekeeper's eaT was c'ose to the door, her eyes devouring her rings, which already adorned one short, pudgy hand. She could only distinguish a word, now and then of what was going on in the next room, bui. Kenrick's voice was raised slightly, while Jasper seemed to be arguing gently with him, in silky tones. Sibyl was off the couch now. Her slippered feet made no sound as she glided a few steps, till she reached the door into the hall, and had her haud upon it. It yielded to her touch as silently a though its hinges had been of down, and she flitted through it like a shadow Very shortly after Mrs Turfit glanced carelessly toward the couch, and saw that it was empty. The malicious and spiteful housekeeper was perhaps neverBO near tainting in hei life. She saw that the door at the foot of the couch was partly open. She sprang to it wildly. " She can't be gone more than a minute," she muttered, as she-darted through, ran along the corridor aud down the broad stairway leading to the front door. The big double doors were both swinging, and she fancied she could see Sibyl Prince running some distance down the avenue. She went after her a little way, and then stopping, deliberately letrnced her steps. " What is the use of being a foal ?" she told herself, angrily. " I couldn't catch her if I tried, and if I overtook her I could not make her come back. She has gone after help, and she will get it, too. The best I can do is to go back to the house and make all 1 can out of this business before there is a grand bmash- up." She went inside, closed and locked the great duuble doors carefully, and then has tened to the tower, where she locked the door communicating with the main part of the mansion, She bad just accomplished this, when shisaw Jasper Prince coding hurriedly towards her, breathless and pale. CHAPTER XXXI. DORCAS BUBL HEABD FROM. As Mrs Turfit saw Jasper Prince ap- proaching, breathless and pale, her first thought was that he had discovered Sibyl's flight. But he had not. He supposed that she had just locked his hapless brother's lovely young wife into the tower rooms. " Is she safe ? Did she make you any trouble ? " he demanded, eagerly. Mrs Turfit's spirits rose, as she saw that he did not suspect anything wrong. She was panting violently, from the haste she had just been making. "Yes, she made me a good deal of trouble," she answered, audaciously. "If I had not been an uncommonly strong woman, I could never have got her here at all. I had to hold her mouth with one hand, to keep her from screaming, and drag her with the other. Did you hear us?" " I didn't hear anything at all," Jasper said "Perhaps you were making too much noise yourself," the housekeeper suggested, boldly. He looked at her sharply. " I see your curiosity is very much excited over my visitor," he said, in slow, cold tones. "I will tell you. about him. He is a sort of distant cousin of mine, who has been troubled with just such strange fancies as you.heard him express, a good many years. He becomes very violent at times, and his friends have'been obliged to keep him under restraint in consequence. I presume some of them will be here in search of him by, or perhaps before, morning. Meanwhile, if you should hear any unusual noise, you will know what it means." The small, b^ady eyes of the housekeeper, and the wicked black ones of the man, met in a slow, keen gaze. "I shall believe just as much of that story as 1 am paid to believe, Mr Salsey ! " the housekeeper said. His face tokened suddenly. He went toward her a step. If you ever—mark me, ever,'' he hissed —"call me by that name again, I will" choke you with these two hands till every atom of breath is out of your body!" Mrs Turfit turned green with fear. She ! put up both hands. "Keep off, keep'off!" she cried, "or I'll scream!" You fool! "he returned. "I'd strangle the first sound in your throat. Shut up! I haven't touched.you; but I-will, if you put on.too many airs.. And don't talk to me a,bout pay! Tou have got your pay for to-night's doings, and you will get no more at present." The housekeeper was thoroughly cowed. She began to edge away from him cautiously. "Ifie finds out- Sibyl ,Prince has gone, he will murder mo sure," she thought. "i—I think I will go to bed, if you don't need me," she said; She went toward her own .apartments, and Jasper returned to his. If Mrs Turfit had a soft place in her heart, it was for Kenrick Prince. > The plain, fussyj middle-aged- woman had been silly enough to imagine herself m love with the handsome young heir, and her hatred of Sibyl was .pure envy and spite, growing out of that foolishness. *She only went a little way toward her own rooms;,and stole back after Jasper -as soon as she dared. "He shan't hurt him/' she muttered.: I won't have that, and I'll tell him so if : tries; I'll rouseevery servant mthe.house to.stop it. I don't feel one bit sleepy. I'll go into. one of those rooms on the other side :- of.: the Ml and watch.: r There's: before daylight for me to go to bed." : -She could hear some slight movement in Jasper's apartments, but no voices. ; She wondered to herself if Kenrick Prince could be asleep, iShe sat down by the door, with it slightly apart, to liBten. But she "was not used to watching. She fell soundly asleep presently, with her •head: against .the waU, and ;nev«r. opened her eyes till after daylight, when she was roused by the clanging of the front entrance bell. Shestarted up, cold aud stiff, aud looking; wildly about her, unable -at first to remember where she was. Then it all came backto her. The door bell rang again. " ThifrisJSibyl Prince," the housekeeper said. ."She" is bringing the officers to arrest somebody." And she began te tremble. She took the diamond rings .out other pocket and looked at them. taken .them," she thought.*"" But I don't believe she"mow.Si" And she put them back in her pocket. Then she heard Jasper come out of his room and go downstairs. Ho-had discovered it was only a messenger boy from Hampton, aud he hurried to see what he had brought. Mrs Turfit darted across the hall and tried his door. It was not locked. She went through into the inner room. ' A low cry broke from her lips. Kenrick Prince, tied hand and foot, and gagged with a stout handkerchief, lay on the couch where Sybil had lain but a little while before. His eyes were closed. A big purple lump on one side of his pale forehead told its own tale. The housekeeper almost fainted with horror. " He has Jailed him—he will kill me too," she thought. : He openedhiseyes, andlookeil atfcheiidus : e- keeper, with a dumb agony, of appeal that haunted het to her dying day. But she dared not stop. Already she fancied she could hear Jasper returning. Bunning out of the room, Bhe re- locked the door with shaking fingers and hurried through the other into the corridor. Jasper Prince was just coming back, his expected teiegiam in his hand. He looked pale and excited, troubled and angry. If he had not been utterly confused aud startlei by the strange contents of the telegram, he must have noticed Mrs Turfit's frightened appearance. The housekeeper stammered something about having just come from the tower, and being on her way to the door to see who had rung, but he scarcely looked at her. Grumbling something almost inaudible, he pushed rudely past her, went into his room and locked the door after him. His telegram was from Belle, of course, though it was signed " Dorcas Kuel." But it was a very different message from that he had expecteal :— '• Am most unavoidably detained. Business of utmost importance to you Thunder in the air I Man coming to see you. Be cautious I—DOECAS RUEL." Jasper Prince was utterly confounded. Hie perils, instead of lessening, seemed to thicken about bim. He missed Belle horribly. She always saw a way to help him out of his troubles. What did she mean by " thunder in the air " and " man coming to see you ?" Could she mean Dunning ? She might have got hold of the situation about Kenrick, and suddenly it occurred to him that she might have been at the bottom of the whole mystery. Dunning could never have got hold of Kenrick without somebody helping him. But he had to give it up. He w&s; half wild with excitement, nervousness, and anxiety. Captain Dunning might appear at any moment, and he should have to face him mmself, or risk worse—though really it seemed as if nothing could be worse. He felt that he could never go through with it without betraying himself. If he had known that, in addition to all the rest, Sibyl Prince was at liberty, he would have thought that the situation was desperate indeed. "If I could give Kenrick something to put him asleep," he thought, " it would be so much easier managing him, I wonder if Doctor Varle did not leave some sort of sleeping stuff in his room ? I will go and He went out of his room, carefully locking his door. He found Mrs Turfit in her own apartment looking very uneasy and anxious, even at sight of him. He asked her for the keys of the tower. The scared woman's teeth fairly chattered. " I—I am afraid I have lost them," she stammered. "I have been looking every, where for them." At this moment the door-bell rang again. " I had better go and see who that is," the pale housekeeper said, glad of any excuse to get away from him. It might be Sibyl Prince with a whole posse of constables at her back ; but any. thing was better tban this man just now. Jasper was white with apprehension, and let her go. He followed noiselessly to the head of the great stairway, and watched from that lurking place, while she opened the door and admitted a gentleman a total stranger, as Jasper saw; yet his heart sank with vague doubt and dread. He heard the stranger ask for Mr Prince; then he gave Mrs Turfit a letter to take to him. Jasper drew back out of sight as the housekeeper came up with the letter and moved slowly along the upper hall, turning the letter over and over, studying the outside as though she would give anything to know the contents. He stepped softly behind her, and, reaching over her shoulder, snatched the letter out of her hand. The woman barely suppressed a scream. Jasper hurried away to his own room to read the letter. He would not trust himself to do so where the housekeeper could see him. It was from Belle, he perceived instantly, and bore, beside the superscription, the legend : " Becommending Mr Gervase Trent for the position of valet." Jasper stared, livid with rage, fear, and wonder. "What doeB Bhe mean?" he mattered, as he wrenched the envelope off. " MY DEAE NEPHEW," he read: " Sorry to disappoint you, but I can't come quite yet. I dare not explain on paper why I stay. I will be with you positively to-morrow morning if you send a carriage to meet me at the 10 o'clock express." " To- morrow I" Jasper interjected. " She .might as well never come." tint he read on: " Meanwhile, keep on the right Bide of the gentleman who brings you: this. He has a fancy to hire to you.as; valet,.and you had better engage him at his own- price till I come. In fact, you must do BO. There is no getting round that More when I come.—. Your affectionate aunt, DqBCAs BUEL." Jasper fairly ground his teeth. '•Worse and worse and more of it," he said. " Well, I have got to see Mr Trent right away, and find what I have to expect. -Theie is evidently danger in the man, somehow, and he has to be conciliated till Belle gets back, anyway. Oh, if Dunning will only keep off I" He rang hig bell; It was Btill early, but the servants were beginning to ahow themselves. One of them 1 answered: the summons, and -was told to bring. Mr Trent .up at once. - " I don't like having him here with Kenrick m yonder," he muttered ; " but it can't be helped." s . . \- (To be Continued.) ; \- ^Phe following advertisement is said toiie in an American paper Cholera, cholera,- cholera. When the cholera comes prices will lie high.: Buy your cofBns-early . and avoid the rush; , Seize the opportumty.and :ge| a good article, and one that will- suit you. The undersigned has the finest stuck of coffins ever, offered for sale in this town.'' A negro woman was brought before a southern judge charged withscruelly beating her son, and was ^receiving the regular tion-;repnmand, when sshe - suddenly :exolauned, -'' Jedge, has you ever. been the parient of a .wuffless yeller boy :Iikedat-ar?: eub o' , mme ?" " Cert&inly; not/' replied ,the4udgej:with--a? vehemence which must have accounted for his face. be aiming very red, • "Den don't you talk," -contemptuously replied the Made woman 