ITWE M TI M iriAPER. J t , . i INSIDE PRINTING HOUSE SQUARE. ; Thews is a very interesting artiolo by Mr. Edmund Vincent in the Jfaglieh Hhulratcd Magadne for September, from whioh we are very glad to be able to. take the following quotations. Mr. Vincent says t— Accompany mo then, at six in the evening, to the door in Printing! House Square. Remain wibhoub in the flesh, bub let. your aemmnoaiea spins pass tnrougn sue loiaing- doors; the men behind the railings en the right will not notice your ghost, bub you may notice that they sit at the recolpb of telegrams and of envelopes, and that no man bearing the printed envelope of the paper goes away unrewarded. \ou will notioe, too, that tho nighs printers are dropping in one after another, for the great engine is awaking out of her half-sleep of the day. the oomfosino boom, Glide unsubstantially to tho right and you shall pass through a lofty room, a wilderness of iron tables and type, to the foot of a spiral staircase of iron, ascending which you Bhall become aware of a warm smell of oil and of a rattling crashing sound from a composing room. Look down its length, and the impression produced on the eye is chat of an endleBS series of frames, hybrids between a Venetian blind and an ASolian harp, each attended by its satellites who work under a strong light concentrated upon the work. Boforo ouch man lies his slip of " copy " ; legible or illegible, he must make the best of it; some set by hand, others by maobine, plowed upon with keys like a piano, capable of setting nearly 300 lines an hour, whereas fifty lineB is the limit of .the host hand labour. Be contenb with a glance here. . Know that each man lias his work allotted to him by the head-printer, that many of the grow to an honourable old age, that all receive pay at rates higher than those earned by any men of their class in London, and that there is not a Trades Unionist among them. tub editor's corridor. Pass through a green-baize door into a long corridor, remembering that > even to the spirits the room of the editor of tho Times remains olosed, and that you are in another man's bouse investigating the pene tralia of bis business. Other roomB in this corridor are those which used to be ocoupied by Mr. Macdonald, and occupied now by Mr. Godfrey Walter, and the drawing-room in which visitors aro receivod, over the mantel-piece of which hung, until the other day, a portrait'of somebody in antldiluvian jnok- boots,whom I always assumed, without any justification, to be Orabb Robinson. There are three writing-rooms on this floor, ,eaeh having a good desk and good ohoirs, a supply of pale blue slips of paper, and a strong eleotrio reading- lamp.. There is also number 7, the room in which an army of sub-editors spend laborious nights over oceans of manuscript, mnoh of wbioh, to the infinite annoyance of everybody concerned, is faintly poncilled on to greased paper and called " flimsy." In spite of the monotony of their. work, the sub-editors of the Times ob a body are the cheeriest and the most helpful men in the world, nor do they think it absolutely a matter of conscieuce to deprive an article of all point and all epigram. t1ib reporters at home and abroad. Upstairs, on another corridor, sre the reporters' room, the leadcr-writerq' rooms, the foreign room. The leador-wnters are wreathed in mystery. I cannot say who they are, how much they earn, how they do their work, how many of thorn thefe aro, for the maxim of the Times office Is that of the sago, with variations, " Col no man a leador- writer nntil he is dead." Tho name of tho reporters is legion. The foreign room is ono of the buBiesb in the houBe. The wires from tho. Oontinent click without ooasing ; tho messaged which come roquire tho foil attention of four troiuod men undor a chief. It ie a mistake, by the way, to oall this gentleman, accomplished ana distin guished as he is, an editor. Tho Times has but olio editor, and in hie department he ie' absolute and supreme. We aro now in' a position to give a rough sketch of the means conceroedin producing, choosing and arranging the matter apart from advertisements, which appears in the Times. THB MEN WHO MAKE THE "TIMS&" They are the editor, an assistant editor, foreign direotor, and the so-called City editor, though here again tho word " editor'' is to my mind misapplied. There are a leader-writers, there are six or soven sub editors, and midway be .weon them and tho printers sre ths Thr4? am a|m & epeoial correspondents, y reporters, assigned to districts and peripatetic, and z semi- attaohed reportors. In the UnitcdKingdom there is a local correspondent of every town of importance; in every oountry in the world, almost, is an accomplished gentleman ontitled to call himself "our own corres pondent." Of these M. do Blowitz is the type and the ideal. Even now I have omitted the full staff of reporters in tho Houso of Commons, who enable the Times to give practically tho only complete roport of debates published daily in England, and the law reporters, barristers all, including men appointod to oach circuit, at the head of whom is tho most indefatigable and tho' most humorous of men, the favourite of Bench and Bar, who has always a kindly word for a struggling junior and a worry anoodote for the jaded leader. Still there remain the multitudinous reviewers, the dramatic critio, the musical oritio, the art orltlo, the gentleman who makes tlio turf his Btudy, the yachtsman, the rowing oritio, the obsorver of cricket. The names of gentlemen of this class are indoed legion, they are as numerous as the pursuits 6f men. Tho nmnagomont of this great organisa tion ie conducted by Mr. Arthur F. Walter, with the invaluable aeaistonoe of Mr. Moborly Boll. The priuting department is in tlio bands of hlr. Godfrey Walter. All the Waltor prossea have boon made in tho engineering room at tho basement of Printing Hcuco Square. Hero, too, is the typo foundry, for at tho Times Office a large proportion of typo ie molted up and re-oaet. Finally tho composing maoluncs, Hasten- boin's, with ao many improvements that the original idoa Is almost beyond recognition, have reooived much attention witli oxcollent results. At ono timo ib woe customary to oonnoeb tho operators at some of these machines by telephone with, persons dictat ing from tho Houae of Commons, but the practice has boon practically discontinued, partly bocnuco tho Houso of Commons has bceoino an " early to bed " institution, partly bocauso tho strain on the operator was found to bo almost intolorablo. Ib io woll known thab carbon segregates from meteoric iron in the form of fino- graino'd graphite, nnd crystals of graphite resombltng diamonds havo been found in motoorites such as those of Youngdogln and tho No'wo Uroi. Diamonds are also found to ocour in old volcanio vents, such as the Kimboriey minoa of South Africa, which aro filled with decompound intrusive material thrown up from great depths. Professor Carvill Lewis oupposcd thono diamonds to have been formott by tho action of tho intrusive material on tho carboniferous shales found iiboio, uuu predicted that diamonds would bo found in motoorites ; but no diamonds have yot boon found in the Greonland iron-beds, where a similar action has taken plaoe. Professor O. W. Hunting ton recently expressed the opinion — whioh, Indeed, bad already boon formed by M, Daubrie— that, oince tlio earth is npparoutly a maea of meteorites covered with a crust, there ought to bo abundance of diamonds at groat doptiis. The classic simplicity of M. Rcnan'sFronoli proas, together with tho love ho over din- Ipluyed for tlio discussion of spiritual problems and the analysis of tlio religious sentiment, naturally suggests a comparison with both tlui matter ana tho manner of tho late Matthew Arnold. The affinity bqtwcSD lytfaa fiffo ,ia. 