THE LATEST GHOST STORY. Thebe comes from the townofBaldwind a story of; gruff, square-edged >old Squire Thompson, one of the first farmers of the ■ neighbouring town of Morefcon Marsh, and father1 of the late Dr. Thompson, for many years a'prominent physician in that part of the world. It was a local saying about Moreton that Squire Thompson had nerer been scared. Many plots badbeen laid by practical jokers, but all had come to naught. Finally some wags made a last effort. One night Squire Thompson attended a meeting at which the festivities wore somewhat pro longed. It was midnight before he started for. home, his way being by a path through the cemetery. The wags had been busying -themselves in digging a big hole across this path, and as the Squire proceeded, home he suddenly stumbled in. Atthe'same instant a sheeted figure .appeared on the edge of the - hole and exclaimed in measured,- sepulchral tones . " What are you in my gravefor ?" " What are you out of it for at this time of night ?" retorted the doughty old 'Squire, as he scrambled out and gave the " ghost" such a'rescnihding smack on the -head-that he knocked him'^nContineritly into the hole, ;wtkere%e*lay some1 time,1 - pondering-sadly-on ■ the'inutabilifcy-of human«ffairs. QUtlEN ELIZABETH'S NEW YEAR'S fclFTS. Queen Elizabeth supplied b«rself with wardrobe and jewels principally from New Year's gifts. Dr. Drake-has; given a list of some of these presents. - Among the items we find the following :— '• Most of the peers and peeresses of the realm, the bishops, the chief officers of State, Her Majesty's household, even as low a* the master of the -pantry and head cock, all gave Her Majesty a. Christmas-box, con sisting either of a sum of money, jewels,: trinkets, or wearing .apparel. - The Arch bishop of Canterbury usually-, gave £40, the Archbishop of York £30, and the other prelates from £10 to £20. The peers gave in the same proportion, whilst the peeresses presented rich gowns, petticoats, shifts, stockings, garters, &c.; Her -physician 'pre sented her with a box of foreign-sweetmeats, and from her apothecary, she-received a box of ginger candy and a box of green ginger. Ambroise Lupo gave her a box of lute strings, and Smith, the royal dustman, presented Her Majesty with two baits of cambric." A Coining Mathematician.—" What are you doing there, Johnny?' enquires the school teacher of the scholar who had ju::b i taken off his shoes and stockings. I "I want to know how many are feur time* five. I've run out my fingers, se I'm ceuut* ing on my toes." Hard to Understand.—Mrs. Kurtz (reud ing): " Vast strides have lately been mat'J in the improvement of gowns." Mr. "Kurtz: "Idon't see how very vaci stride* can be made « the tight ckirto w«u£ —' 