THE DAIRYING INDUSTRY. ITS DEVELOPMENT AND ITS FUTURE. METHODS OF PRESSURE USED IN SILOS. (By L.L.C.) " In my last article which appeared in the WEST AUSTRALIAN of the 18th inst., I dealt with silos, and promised at the conclusion to say something in this article about the various methods of applying pressure to the ensilage. To be somewhat Hibernian in expression, the simplest form of pressure is 'Where no pressure is used, as in the case of the silo at Woodbridge. This will do, as Mr. Harper hasmoBtconclusively shown in a large silo, where the pressure of the mass is- if the silo is properly made sufficient to ex "dude the air and street fermentation. But where sour -silage alone is desired, this method, simple and inexpensive as it is, has da drawback, that the upper layers, at the pressure diminishes through lack of weight, will be sweet silage. How this comes about I explained at some length in a previous article, and no one has discovered as yet how the air can be sufficiently excluded from the silo to prevent the temperature rising to such a height as to produce sweet stage without (the application of pressure by some mechan- j cal means. When mixed stock are kept, or rather stock are kept for a variety of purposes, a silo on the Woodbridge plan has everything to recommend it. The sweet slags from the top can be fed to horned stock, sheep or hogs, if so desired, with the best results, but the dairyman wants only your silage. Mr. Harper's experience has shown him that for milk production sour guage in way ahead of sweat. This is the general opinion, and where cows are kept exclusively for dairying, sour ensilage should be the object all sublime." It is also a question whether if no pressure were applied to the contents of a small will, stay of 20 or 30 tone, the result would be very satisfactory. In any case I do not think it pays to make ensilage in small lots, under 20 tons. The loss in small silos is g: eater in proportion to the contents than in large ones, everything else being equal, and the cost of construction also is greater per ton of ensilage. When the site is of considerable size and the sweet ensilage, which is born J to form a certain proportion of the whole can be profitably utilised, a more simple and inexpensive method than that purchased by Mr. Harper could not well be found. In the case of a small side, and where it is desirable the whole mass should be sour, pressure of some kind must be applied. * # # 6 4 The pressure required per square foot of surface is not necessarily great, and may be diminished considerably if the green stuff is chaffed and thoroughly trodden down and carefully packed, particularly round the sides, in the process of filling. When mechanical appliances such as I shall describe, are used, great pressure can be brought to bear upon the mass ; a pressure equal to 300 lbs. per square foot being easily obtained. But this is not necessary, and such pressure, if the crop when put into the siiO was not in proper condition, would do a great deal more harm -than good. For sweet silage, to make which the temper atme has to be considerably higher than for Boar, a pressure of 80 lbs. to 120 lbs. per square foot surface is generally sufficient and for sour ensilage, where the temperature has to be kept down a pressure of 150 lbs. to 200 lbs. per square foot surface will be found ample. Much as I have said, depends upon the manner in which the site is filled, and also on the name of the contents. It will be readily understood that a coarse and somewhat w oody coop like maize, even when charged, will require greater pressure in order to secure the requisite exclusion of air than the more tender cereals. The simplest, though not always the most economical form in which pr s sure can be applied, is by dead weight. The earth taken out in excavating the pit may be thrown back on the top of the silage, or loss or bricks, or stones, or anything handy may be used. Care must be taken that the weight, whatever it is, is left free at the sides of the pit all round so as to allow its sinking with the mass. When dead weight is used a handy method is to get a number of empty kerosene tins or oil drums and fill them with concrete inserting the ends of a piece of stout fencing wire with the concrete in the form of a handle. The concrete ' will set and grip the wire, and the one will I stick to the other as tight as " grim death to i a dead nigger." A whip can be fixed without much trouble ever the pit, and the weights along on cr off with very little trouble. Stout boards are laid on the top of the message before the weights are put on, so as to ensure an even pressure throughout. The putting on and taking off of dead weight entails a good deal of loss of time, and mechanical apple trees will generally be formed more economical in the long run, though their first cost is much greater. The mechanical appliances mostly in use now are either self-acting, affording a continuous pressure, or else have to be intermittently tightened. They are all variations 0.1 either the lever or the screw, or a combina- tion of both. in my article on stack on s Stage I described several methods of applying the pressure, both automatic and intermittent, and the appliances used in the pt, are not very dissimilar. One of the earliest parents taken out, and a device that is perhaps the most popular, even at the present time, is the invention of F. W. Reynolds & Co. This consists of pairs of chains, euca embedded in the floor of the silo, being brought upon opposite sides and in eating over transverse t beams laid on top of the mats, and drawn together by means of a screw tightened or turn buckle, something like that used in coupling railway carriage--. The appliance is thus described more minutely in a circular issued by the firms chain is attached to the lower part of the wall of the site in any suitable manner, either by taking it through the wall with a pi site and bolt on the outside, by weighting it in the ground with con- scene, or attaching it to a board and on the opposite side of the site a similar chain is attached. While the silo is being filled the ends of these chains are thrown over the wall, or hung on spikes on the sides. After the material is put in the pit, covering boards are placed over it and a stout transverse beam is laid on the top, stretching from side to side of the site. in the ends of this beam brackets are fixed to derry move able rollers, over which the ends of the chains from either side are led. The chain tightened is hooked into the links, and on turning the handle of the screw the ends of the chain are drawn closer together, causing the beam and covering of the fire to sink, and go to press the material. Pins are then in- serted in a link of each claim to hold the beam down, when the screw tug h ener can be made to take a fresh hold on the chain for further pressure, or fee r moved a together. Any number of shares may be used according to the length of' the pit and the pressure required per square foot of surface; but the chain tightened and pair of roth in are removed from beam to beam, SJ that only one set of these is sufficient for any number of -sales.'' There are a number of pressing gears on the market but they are all as I have heard, variations of the lever and the screw, and the above description g. ved a very good idea of them all, as far as power and its application is concerned. * # # * * There is one point which I have referred to only in passing, and that is the size of the silo. It is a most important point, and one perhaps which should have dealt with earlier in these articles. The size of the site should be governed by the number of stock to be fed from it. The dairyman who has only ten cows to feed for four months will not require a site as large as the man who is milking fifty head and wants to keep them in full profit during the season when there is no living thing that is green except the new chum. To get the best results from the ensilage, it should not bathe only feed, but be given in conjunction with something else Fed alone, it is as far superior to dead grass, bark, rashes, stinkwood, sand, dried bones, fence rails, old clothes, tin cans and other unconsidered trifles which, as a rule go to make up the poor cow's summer ration, as plum pudding is to the heel of an old shoe. It will maintain the flow of milk right through the summer, and keep the separator humming when all the rest of Australian creation is wondering whether this is this world or the next. But the dairy cow likes a mixed diet, and when the succulent contents of the site are fed with a little hard stuff she just Birnie all over, and goes to cream making with a vigour that makes the dairyman assume his most pleasing got-sometbing-to-sell facial aspect and feel like saying his wife a new dress, and boots all round for the youngsters, and a trip to the seaside, and jumping for very joy with both feat at once on the chest of his reconstructed bank manager and the ghost of an overdraft that has wilted away into the far off distance of a hateful past. And the thermometer appears to fall as the per, centage of butter fat in the mile and the spirits (not included in the new Licensing Act of the dairyman go up. When ensilage in fed alone, with the addition of the bricks. brae I have enumerated as being picked up in the paddocks, 56lbs. per day is reckoned a ration for the average sized cow. When fed in conjunction with some concentrated food such as bran, linseed, crushed oats, maize, peas or beans and a little real good hay-and this pays when you are running a creamery from 40lb. to 451. of silage is a good ration. For all practical purposes it is quite near enough to say that one cubic foot of silage weighs 451 - a day's ration for an average sized cow in conjunction with a little hard feed and hay. New, I will suppose a man intends keeping 10 cows in milk through the summer and want to provide silage for them for say five months. What will be the size of the pic required to preserve the fodder for them P One cow will consume during this time 150 cubic feet or 6,7501bs.; 10 cows will eat 1,500 cubic feet or 67 500lbs, er 30 tons 2 cwt. 2 qr. 20 lb. No matter how carefully the silage is made there will be Sime was on top, bottom and sides, as well as what is lost in feeding, and so we will add say 5 per cent, or a little more for this, and estimate for 32 tons. There is also shrinkage to be taken into consideration, and when the site has been filled in a hurry, perhaps, and the stuff not very carefully packed, this will be considerable. So to be quite sure of getting enough ensilage for the ten cows the pit ought to be 30ft. x 18ft. x 17ft. deep, which will give 1,700 cubic feet. If this were full level to the top when opened, and each cubic foot of the contents weighed 4lbs., the pit would hold a little over 37 tons, but then, as I have said, there are many little losses, which are inevitable, to be taken into consideration. The cost of excavating a pit of this size in dry, hard ground and putting an iron roof over it, would not, I suppose counting everything, which, by the way, the farmer never does exceed £15. It might be done for much less if the farmer did count everything, including the days he goes into the township to saw wood with the publican about the crops he is going to get this season. For an initial outlay of £15 the farmer stores up enough green stuff to keep 10 cows in milk for five of the driest months in the year and the pit is there just the same for next year too, and for many years after. It won't run away. The holy Joseph was dropped into in Palestine about 2,000 years ago, is still in existence. It was shown to me by a very greasy Arab guide only a few years ago in an admirable state of preservation, and I remember thinking at the time that it had kept sweet longer than my Arabian friend, and what a splendid BBC it would make. Joseph's brethern must have thought it was a fine opening for a young man to go into the dairying business when they put him in. I do not reckon the cost of making this silage, that is cutting it in the paddock, carting, chaffing, filling and weigh- ing, because it costs no more to do this than it does to make the same crop into hay in fact less. The same pit filled with hay instead of ensilage would hold about 10 tons. Let me ask my dairy friends who read this one question: Would 10 tons of hay keep 19 cows in full milk during the months of November, December, January, February and March ? It would not. And as OHN toa of green stuff gives only very little less than one ton of silage, the crop to fill the silo can be grown on less ground, which means less labour. That the nutritive value of real good hay (I don't mean straw cb. iff) is higher than ensilage I am quite prepared to admit, but it will not begin to keep up the milk flow, and if the dairyman wants to win, everything points to ensilage as the means to be employed in attaining the goal. It appears to me that the Yankees, who in dairying as in a good many other things, get up very early in the morning have solved the problem of how the Australian dairyman is to make the biggest profit from his cows and that is by using silage all the year round, as described in a former article. The dairyman with 10 co van and two or three sides of the size given aboVe, according as the locality admits of summer crops being grown to fill them, will, I believe, find himself sitting right over the front wheels of the car of prosperity. If be his 50 cows, so much the better, all he has to do is to multiply my figures by five and big profits too. A man feeding his cows this way, and located within an easy distance of a creamery, or a railway leading to a c namely, ought in this colony;, as things are now, to be in a fair way to independence in a few years. Now is the time (to paraphrase the old proverb) to make ensilage while the sun shines. 