LITERATURE AN I) Au i\ If we may judge by the printed lists, the publish ing season pcarce promises well. Lord Tennyson's " Akbar's Dream " and Mr. Meredith's " Empty Purse w are the sum of the poetry, and there is less hope than usual for the prose that is also literature. But history and scholarship flourish in the land; the reprint and anthology are still with lis. In fact, the century is dying of culture and over-education, and if at the end of the present decade the literary account is made up and a new one opened, how pleasant will it bo for all of us. While the public appetite for gossip about Lord Tennyson seems to be unappeasable, whether about himself, his house, or his old associates, it is curious that the book whence he drew so much of his inspi ration should have been most effectually edited bv a foreigner. Undoubtedly the text of the " More D' Arthur," prepared by Dr. Somuiers, is not only the best, it is the only one for scholars. Yet, curiously enough, he who prepared it is a German who, in point of fact, has very slight sympathy with the Laureate's moralisation of the line old tales. Of course the preparation of such a work, taking as it did three years of sedulous application, was a very unremunerative form of book-making, even though the German Government made the author a grant of money to help him over his task. All this is not quite creditable to Great Britain. Apart altogether from the poems excavated from it by Lord Tennyson, Mr. Swinburne, and Matthew Arnold — not one of which, by-the-by, is half so good as the original prose — the story of " that grey king, whose name, a ghost, streams like a cloud man- shaped from mountain peak, and cleaves to cairn and cromlech still," is to Britain what the tale of Troy was to Greece, or of .Eneas to Rome. It is as national to us as the doleful story of " Roland brave and Olivier " is to France, or the grim legend of Brunhild is to more Northern nations. And it is not altogether pleasant to owe our best text t.o the work of a foreign scholar and the endowment of a foreign Government. But there is this to be said, that the ideal edition has not been achieved \et. Dr. Somtners is a young scholar of the very modern school, whose soul is wholly intent on philology, and hig studies on the sources, &c.;, are intended simply as an apparatus criticus for scholars. He is not a poet; indeed, would hold it almost insulting to be told that he admired the romantic beauties of the story of Sir Tristram cr of the " Glastynge Best " that, with Syr Palomides ever chasing it, is perhaps the most extraordinary beast in literature. Whether the castle of Joyous Gard was "anwawk,"as some say, or " bamborrow," is a thing that concerns him not ; for these questions do not affect the language. Therefore, the ground is still left free to someone capable of impressing all sorts aud conditions of ex perts into his service in order neither to advance nor merely exhibit learning, but to illumine and elucidate the text. We need a " Morte d'Arthur " annotated as Sir Walter annotated the " Border Ballads." The Library Association (wbich met tbis year in Paris) is not, like the common congress of autumn, a mere picnic. Much practical work has it accomplished in the past, and should Mr. Law's proposal be carried into effect the meeting of this year has not been held in vain. The librarian of the Signet Library suggests that the Association should compile and issue a cata logue of early English books to 1640, and if the pro posal be carried into effect an important achievement in bibliography will be the result. The proposal to set up a statue in honour of James Thomson revives an almost forgotten poet. The name is familiar, it is true, to the student of litera ture; but "The Seasons " i9 one those poems which we praise rather than read, and though the works of James Thomson are in every " gentleman's library," how often does the gentleman take them down from their shelf ? The annual report of the British Museum men tions that 5370 visitors used the Print Room — not a very large number; but then the Print, Room is not, a place into which casual pedestrians drop. Among recent acquisitions are no fewer than 1100 drawings in various modes by George Cruikshank, the gift of that artist's widow. Another presentation is a col lection of historical fans from Lady C. Schreiber. Mr. George Sciiarf can hardly be very well known to the suburban public, although a little incident that happened at Bethnal-green a few years ago startled him into notoriety. For then it will be remembered the rain came down through the roof of the Bethna! green Museum, aud splutlering a little on one or two of the nation's portraits caused the phrase, " a national scandal," to lly about Fleet-street, and "bluff Sir John Millais" to pen a letter calling the bnsi :ess " a scandal out right." But the little drops of r.iiti had their uses, for they showed the public how excellently Mr. ..George Scharf had done his work as Director of the National Portrait Gnllerv, and how the portraits clamoured for a new house. Then, as we know, up rose Mr. Alexander, a munificent millionaire, with the offer of £100,000 for the building of a new gallery for the national portraits, and building it now is at the back of the National Gallery. Like most of his literary contemporaries, Mr. Rud- yard Kipling is finding out that what his readers have to say of him is not all compact of praise. Thomas Atkins — the real Thomas, not the creature of any man's imagination — has rushed into print in the Pioneer to say that he feels hurt by the picture of him in " Barrack-room Ballads." From this book he gathers that the private soldier in India is a " blas pheming, blood9willing, swashbuckler," and he does not allow that he is anything of the kind. Moreover, he falls fou! of the argot which Mr. Kipling makes Tommy talk. So he is filled with " loathing and great regret." Just as Mr. Barrie thinks that in "Badalia Herodsfoot " the "true inwardness" of tho East-end is missed, so does this private hold that the British soldier in India has been horridly cari catured. The Rev. George Giifillan used to tell an amusing story of a uian who held that Byron could not write poetry. " Look you here now," said his host one evening, " has not this the mark of the divine afflatus ? ' And he began to recite " The Isles of Greece, The Isles of Greece." " Stop, stop," cried his auditor, " why this stupid repetition"? The tale came into my head a propos of an opinion I heard of " The Ballad of East and West." The critic held it to be the most milk-and- water piece of sentirnen- talism imaginable. " Fancy a robber taking a fancy to his enemy," he said, " before they had even fought." True, he had chased him ineffec tually, and fired a pistol and missed him, at which the thief makes an exclamation as if a brave man were more difficult to hit than a coward. And when be shakes hands wit.h him you wonder what either the one or the other had done to show hi1 man hood. The scene between Fi'zjames and Roderick Dbu, from which this is copied, is very different. There are few matters connected with art respect ing which less is known, oven by professing cognoscenti, than that of the casting of statues, and persons who talk glibly about, the sand process and cire peril w would fiudit bard to explain how each is effected. It. is to be hoped, therefore, that Mr. Singer's recent paper on " Castings in Metal" will not be allowed to remain in manuscript only. For that gentleman lias broughttbe art to such perfection that an authority like Mr. unslow Ford voluntarily testifies that he has pro duced castings as fine as any that have ever been done in any period of the world's history. Mr. Ford and his brethren in the same metier are naturally delighted at this, and especially with the advances made in the cire perdue process ; for whereas the . bronze cast produced by sand is live times removed from the original model, wax is only twice remover from it, and the differences are so slight as to be scarcely perceptible. It is probable that, in the future the heads and hands of every statue will b- east in tbis way. Having arrived at this state of per fection, it is probable that it will also to a consider able extent super.-ede marble, in statuary; for it is stated that the relative cost of a bust, for instance, is in the proportion of £50 for marb e and £25 for bronze. Professor Aifelii.-on even goes further, and considers that, it wiil supersede wood- carving where repetition is nec-.-sary. In a case which occurred in his practice he had to produce a dozen inn hog -ny capitals for a hall. Ho had tiie model for these made by Mr. Gilbert, and the result o: casting them in bronze was t hat, they came out cheaper than if they had been carved in mahogany. A few years ago a great on cry was raised agaiust cast-iron, and it came at last to be considered that nothing artistic could be produced by that means, and that, in future even thing which had any claims to being artistic must be wrought. The reason, of course, for this arose from the debased character of what was produced, its endless repetition and its fragility. But, now the fashion is veering once more in favour of cast-iron. It is shown that during the finest period of the Renascence tho best work was produced by this method ; that lingo Jones, for in stance, never used anything but ens' -iron ; that Wren used it for his railings round St. Paul's, although it was more expensive than wrought, iron, because he thought it finer ; that whi n properly produced it is not brittle; and that the interminable repetition of. form lay at the door of t.he' producer, not the method. Examples of good cast- iron work may be seen in the gates at Hyde-park-cnrnpr. 1 Writing poetry for waste 