THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOTES NOW AND THEN. By J. M. WOT LARX. There are places even in Melbourne thnt make you feel solemn, and other places that make you feel small, and yet others which give life a worth and "dignity which it too often lacks. The average render who coasts around the "bays" in the Public Library cannot help feeling humble in presence of the infinite number of things that he can never know. An hour in the picture-gallery below —and he need never fear overcrowding here —will haunt him for days, as with perfume, and give him hints of the beauty which is revealed to the eyes that con see and the hearts that ore open. Feelings of humility, glimpses into hidden worlds ot beauty, are certainly salutary; but it is not doing the average man injustice to soy that they render him uncomfortable, because they make him dissatisfied with the present he loves so well. It is possible that a time may come in this democratic community when the Great Heart of the people will sweep away such institutions, with everything else that sins against mediocrity.. When they pleaded for Lavoisier's life, the answer—and the natural answer under the circumstances —was, " The Republic doesn't want savanln." It is satisfactory in the light of these considera tions to thinlr that 110 \oice can be raised in the future against the institution known familiarly as "the Exhibi tion." By a happy fate the management of the Exhibition have always been able to be just a shade below the average man in sentiment and intellect. Superfine critics hade sniffed and sneered accordingly; but they are helpless to affect the genial good will and kindly, if compassionate, regard which it hns won from the majority of citizens. The attractions provided are, there fore, us might lmve been expected, such as are dear to the "Great Heart" when festively inclined. Here the sprint runner muy be seen Selling his "heat," ortd the show of babies suffering from hypertrophy ; here the muscular female straggles in tights under the venerable eye of the Speaker in a "faked" tug-of-wor, and here the football barracker blasphemes and howls over tugs of war that are not "faked." The sniffing critics say of all this with the commander of the Pauther— 1 It's human natur' p'raps—if a: Oh, isn't human natur low But the management, like the cabby of Hiej music;hull song, "knows its fair," and caters only to supply such wants as are I known to the " human natur"' which is lowly. | When the mysterious announcement " Mummies " appeared in the advertisement columns of the papers, between the adver tisements "Excelsior Quadrille Club" and " Vamping taught in three lessons," Egypto logists were shocked, but the management j knew that it was all right. The ordinary patrons, reserving themselves, perhaps, for y Show or Barmaid Com a prospective Beauty petition, were not present when Egyptologists and the mummies were introduced to each other the other day. The ordinary patron thought, doubtless, that the management had made a mistake in embarking in the mummy business, for. it must be confessed there is not much gate-money in it. As a matter of fact, most of the Egyptologists present might have been appropriately termed " dead heads." But it was the or dinary patron who made the mistake if he considered that the function of unrolling a mummy, as performed by the management, would prove a dull affair. At the Wilson Hall of the University, or at the British Museum, the ceremony would have been ! a solemn and impressive one, but it is j well known that the authorities of these j places are lamentably deficient 111 humour, j Before the commencement of the pro ; ceediugs the audience spoke in whispers, and glared stonily at the sarcophagi and the mummy cases which were grouped on the platform below the organ. Even the unimagi native man is stirred when he is confronted with the symbols of lite of 4,000 years ago, and sees before him the mortal remains of one who died ages before Helen was fair and Troy city was sacked. One of the Egyptologists had evidently prepared himself for the occasion, and he was regarded aB a public benefactor when he unburthened him self in a lond voice to a deaf old lady at his side. That Is why the writer was enabled to transcribe such a scene as this Egyptologist—"There were mortuary suburbs, you know—mummy-cose makers, embalmers, priests, and that sort of thing. There were always about 800 corpses on hand in the workshops near the Memphis Necropolis, during the 23rd dynasty." Old Lady—"The third dinner! What interesting people! Three dinners!" Egyptologist—" There were three stages in embalming—the first called 'Going into the good abode,* or eviscerating " Old Lady—"Three dinners in one day. What an interesting people!" Egyptologist (ignoring the old .lady and speaking ot large)—" The second step was called the Tub or salting, and the third the Kesau or Spicing and bandaging. The Ka or Eidolon of the body hovered over the tnnmmy as long as it existed. According to the Book of the Dead,, the ' Ka' or ghost of the woman who'll be unrolled to-day is looking on us now. After death the ghost Old Lady (with asperity)—" Not quite as I heard all about the third deAf as a post, dinner.' The idea of the " Ka" gazing grimly at us added a new element to the proceedings, and a solemn hush came over us, as we looked at the coffins more stonily than ever. At this stage, the lecturer at the British Museum or the wiison Hall would have led as captive with him, while he took us into the crypt where lay the kingly dead, and interpreted the mystic writing on papyrus, scroll, and painted mummy-case. Taking us down the dusty corridors of time, he could have so worked on us whilst he told his isle that even the dullest might have whispered:— 1 Perhaps that very hand now pinioned flat. Has hohanobbad with P" i Pharaoh, Riots to glass, . u ft*** Or^dropgo! & halfpenny in Homer s hat-, Or doffed thine own to let Queen Dido pass. Or held, by Solomon's own invitation, A torch at the Great.Teuiplo's dedication." At this stage in the Exhibition, however, Mr. L. L. Smith, as the incarnation of the management, appeared on' the scene, ahd metaphorically said, in Hie im mortal words of Joe Gargery, "Wot iarje." Some men's voices are musical, and hint1 of sorrow too deep for tears, and other men's voices are different. It is a question paftly of-temperament and partly of the arrangement <ff the larynx, and as the musical voice has ho right to give itself airs, so the other need hot bate its breath and grovel. Mr. Smith need hot he ashamed therefore, and probably is hot ashamed, because every time he speaks in public he reminds you of the voice that thrilled you in youth with its well-remembered " This—is—Daniel—in— the—lion's den. You can easily distinguish Daniel from the lions—because he wears a blue coat and brass buttons." So when he invites Egyptologists, and the friends of the deceased generally, to come up to the plat form and till the vacant chairs, the voice of the showman is heard, nnd the Bpell of the " Ka" is broken. Faces unbend, and the ~ stony glare melts into a smile. It is felt that mummies as a source of humour have been quite under valued, nnd ppople trip on to the plat form in the best of spirits. At the British Museum the lecturer would have made the flesh creep with the mystery and awe of the scene, but here it was felt that the show man tone was the best, nnd that mummies 5.000 years old were the funniest things in the world. The lecture on mummies in general, and on the " old lady" 111 her coffin before ns in particular, was therefore dis tinctly unworthy of the occasion. It was delivered in a solemn tone by a reverend gentleman, who seemed to regard antiquity i as venerable and its records as worthy of ] serious regard. He actually attempted to' prove that the corpse about to be exhibited 1 had been that of a most virtuous and noble j lady, who had been able to cive such a tea-' timony as this before the awful judgment-' seatoflsis:— I " I have not oppressed the widow, or borne j false witness; I have.not been slothful; 1 have not broken faith with any man; I have I not slain any man, or starved any man ; I j have not enriched myself by unlawful games;' I have not given short measure, or used false j scales; i have not encroached upon my neighbour's field, takeu running water from J its natural channel, nor token food from the j fatherless." Daring the harangue of the reverend gentleman the -eyebrows of Dr. Ncild, who was to make tlie post-mortem, lairly twitched with suppressed hilarity, and the I friends of the deceased on the platform winked -at Mr. L. L. Smith, and poked each other's ribs. When the lecture was over Dr. I Neild brought down the house with such ! observations as thesej " I have made post-mortem examinations on people three hours dead, and three days dead, and even three years dead, but not until now after 3,000 years. (Laughter.) I really don't think we shall find out what the cause of death was. (Renewed laughter.) At any rate, we will do our best. (Hear, hear.) It is very neatly packed up. I don't remember havingeverseen a body so neatly packed up as this. (Laughter.) . . When shall we be done? About 8 o'clock, 11 suppose." (Laughter, I The running-conimeiifary of the doctor as j the keen knife gleamed and the linen swathing8 were unwrapped was somethiug to be remembered, as were also the sallies ol the other medicos, and the laughter of the! people in front., When the knife had ceased to gleam, and all that was left of the dead woman was lifted qn its withered brown heels to front the audience, the doctor again brought down the house when he exclaimed, '"Ladies and gentlemen, this is the mummy!" The height was only 411. llin., and the little hands and feet were those of a delicately-nurtured lady, and of the shrivelled limbs this remark of the facetious Mr. Smith is chronicled, " She didn't belong to the corps de ballet, anyhow." After tire function is over the mummy is lifted back into the coffin from which it had been talreii, and the crowd in front are in vited to coiue up and inspect the remains. Tnen, amid a shuffling of feet, and a simmer of laughter, and an outflow of animal spirits which tlie average marriage breakfast fails to i produce, the showman's stentorian voice j was mingled with the tones of others, after such a fashion as this—" Poor thing, her legs are so thin " " No good at a lady's tug ot- war." "Now, then, no crowding—this way out." " Would have gone to the funeral of what's her name, only wasn't invited." "Ah, how do you do? This way up." "Didn't know the old lady, did you?" " Don't crowd now. When you've seen the coffin pass on." And so the irrevgEttiit-o»awJ files past the bier till the curiosity of tlie lasTj is satisfied, and then it ynnsjies, laughing j nnd chattering to the lasyttiWfugh the great, eastern door, and is merged; sfcuij in jdp^tid ~ of l'Jth century life that^sutges busy streets. \ Perhaps you who wereritcifc^-tlierp, nnrU who accordingly did not "tepfue/kader^H^a," showman spell, cannot sce^ joke comes in, nor realise wiy~"the showman was justified in metaphorically say ing " Wot larx." You may perhaps j think that the ceremony of unwrap-; ping a 5,000-year-0ld corpse need not nave been turned into a farce—nay, might! with profit have been made solemn and ( imposing. But even with the best wishes one cannot always say the fitting word at the proper , time. Did not Heinrich Heine confess;— I had during so many winter nights lain thinking ana thinking ot the magnificent and profound things 1 would say to Goethe some day. But when at last I saw him the only observation I made was that the Siikoh plums had a very line taste, and Goethe smiled." Heine could say magnificent things on occasion, hut | the talent of tire Exhibition manage ment does not lie that way. Perhaps, after all, it would be better if it did not go into the mummy business again. Besides the objection that there is no gate-money in it, there is a section of tlie public who cannot see the fun of mummies, who cannot ejacu late " Wot larx" as they gloat over dead men's bones, and who will pronounce tlie scene I have been describing to be degrading and humiliating. Let the management stick to the Fat Babies and the Tugs of War. There's money in these shows, and of the showman tlie very Worst that can be said is what George Eliot wrote about the -Reverend Amos Barton;—'' His very faults fwere middling—he Was not very ungram matical. It was not in his nature to he super lative in. anything, unless, indeed, he was superlatively middling, the quintessential | extract of mediocrity. 