Echoes of Sport. It has been computed that within the past few year« the French sportsman, M. Blanc, has run second in England for stakes and bets amounting to the best part of £150,000. It is said that the cross-country rider J. E. Brewer has been engaged to steer Fortunatas m the Caulfield Cup, but it is possible that the accident to the jockey at Randwick last week will make an alteration in the arrange- ment necessary. The death is announced of an "old brood mare called Mountain Maid, who was weil \ known in Tasmania ten yearB ago. She was a fair performer on the turf, having won eighteen races, and she was twenty-one years old when Bhe gave up the ghost. The Oaks victrix, Bessie M'Carthy, has only won two races, and it is worthy of note that her successes were achieved at Randwick. The Warwick Farm string of racehorses will shortly leave for Victoria, and will doubtless be speedily followed over the border by other cracka. Mr. Forrester will take up his quarters at Flemington, in order that Penance, who has bad feet, may have the benefit of the tan gallop. With his usual luck or foresight-accord- ing as the term pleases-Dan O'Brien secured Loyalty for 160 guineas, and he cer- tainly wonld have little trouble now in obtaining 1600 for the colt, who will be terribly hard to beat in the Melbourne Cap. Redfearn has just put into work a beauti- ful colt called Maruga, who is own brother to Malvolio. Madcap, dam of the pair, has again been sent to Malua. The champion jumper Spondulix is credited with having cleared 7ft. 2in. in private, and can be backed to do it again. It is now considered a well nigh hopeless task attempting to patch Carnage up for the V.R.C. Derby, as the colt ÍB lame in the hind legs, whilst he was previously affected in the fore ones, and a vet. ia in constant attendance upon him. Experts, however, have satisfied themselves that the seat of Light Artillery's infirmity is at "the back of the knee joint, and Hicbiubotham believes he will get him round. Enuc has been taken out of the Caulfield Cup. The South Australian racehorses Fulham, Vakeel, Lord Greville, Covenant, and Fair neld are under marching orders for the Vic- torian headquarters, in charge of their trainer, Watson. Mr. Crozier has engaged the jockeyB Hodgkis» and D. Boase to carry the yellow and black sash. A creditable performance waB that of Grandlight (a son of Reginald and a Poet mare).at Mroroopna (Vic.) on Wednesday, when, he secured in succession the Hospital Handicap, Ladies' Bracelet, and Charity Han- dicap, at the race meeting in aid of the funds of the local hospital. Ernest Osmond eclipsed all his previous performances on the Herne Hill track on the 17th of August, when he attacked the world's two Miles safety record. There were only a few persons present when Osmond was started on his journey. He did not begin very well, and was outside the record at the end of the first mile, bnt going in grand style the remainder of the distance, beat the previous best made by Meintjea by 12 3-5 seconds, completing the full distance in 4 minutes 24 3-5 seconds. Judging by the form shown at Randwick by Loyalty and Stepniak, this colony's horses would have a particularly bad time if they attempted to engage the cracks of New Zealand on their native heath. Taking the New Zealand handicapper's estimate, there are better horses in those parts than Step- niak, for in the New Zealand Cup both St. Hippo and Merganser are handicapped tu give him 91b. ; and, if that difference repre- sents the true state of tbinga, that pair may claim to be considered the best two horses to-day south , of ".the line. Loyalty was handicapped for the New Zealand Cup at 7st 81b, but did not accept ; and Skirmisher, 7st. 71b., and Westmere,-7st 31b., are now at the head of the three-year-olds weighted. After a horse is nine years old a wrinkle comes on the eyelid, at the upper corner of the lower lid and every year thereafter he has one well defined wrinkle for each year over nine. If, for instance, a horse has three of these wrinkles he is twelve, if four, he is thirteen. Add the number of wrinkles to nine, and you will invariably judge correctly of a horse's age. Noturally enough the veteran jockey Johnny Higgerson, who claims to be 7ê years old, has not a very exalted opinion of th e riders of the present time, although he admits freely enough that much improvement has been otherwise effected in the great game of borseraoing since he was an active partici- pator in the sport. Speaking at Randwick a few days ago, Higgerson remarked that our jockeyB certainly had heads and hands, like those of the olden time, but, with a few ex- ceptions, did not know how to use them. Tben after a pauae he broke out again, as though only then realising it, that as the Randwick running ground was fenced in jockeys could not get off the course, so that so far they were all right. A poor compli- ment this to pay those lads who think they are underpaid at £3 for a losing mount; and, after all, it may be that the criticised are better horsemen than the critic ever waa. There was a very fair attendance at the Australian Running Ground on Saturday evening, when the attraction was a Steeple- chase and Youths' Handicop, the latter being confined to lads under 16 years of age. The jumping event was a decided novelty, but we fancy the flat racea will prove much more popular in the long run, aB few of the peds cere to tackle the leaps under the somewhat deceptive glare of the gas light. The jumps were four in number and only about 18in. high, but they were sufficiently formidable when the number and distance run were taken into consideration, but it would be much better to lessen the number to two, and I make then much higher. The track was in ' good order, and the frequency of dead-heats was proof that tbe handicapper has pretty well got the measure of the men. The Youths' Handicap resulted thus : J. Hodgins, 17 yards.....'. 1 G. M'Lean, 23J yards. 2 C. M'Lean, 26 yards. 8 Hodgins, who shapes very well, beat the brothers somewhat comfortably. The places in the Steeplechase went to J. Kingsley, 11 yards. 1 J. FJannery, 12J yards. 2 B. Cook, 17Í yards. 3 Kingsley, who is an improving runner, won cleverly from Flonnery. The former only got into the final after a dead-heat with Sellors, and Cook also had one with Toohey. The next handicap is fixed for Saturday even- ing, October 7. Coursing men should not forget that Mr. J. Pithers will run off a £10 match at East Maitland on September 30, and that nomina- tions are duo to-day. Regarding the present favourite for the V.R.O. Derby, a Victorian correspondent writes :-" Patron undoubtedly is doing the best of work, and improves daily on it. That he is a really good colt I have no doubt, but whether he can last out the Derby course in a true run race is open to question. His dam, Olga, could never get a distance, and the best horse Beatrice (Olga's dam) threw waa His Lordship (by The Marquis), who certainly was no stayer. However, if confor- mation goes for anything Mr. Purches's colt Bhould prove an exception to the family fail- ing, for with his size, round, well-sprung ribs, beautiful temper, and style of going, he is the beau ideal of a Derby horse." A Victorian cyclist named Henry James last week rode 25 mileB in 61 minutes, which is either four or five minutes inside the world's record. . The machine used was a Premier heliacal-tube road-racer which weighed 271b., and James had only riIden on it once previously. After getting through a very satisfactory gallop with Alethe at Rutherford on Sunday morning, the race mare Miss Godiva blun- dered on for a few strides paBt the post in a ' very curious manner and then fell dead, her demise being occasioned by a ruptured I blood vessel. Mies Godiva was an occupant of Mr. Joe Brown's stable, but together with Nightingale had been trained by Jimmy Smith. She WOB the property of Mr. J. Cusb, of Tam- worth, was a very handsome animal and had won several races, but whilst she could gallop as fast as most she had the reputation of being a thorough jade. Elated by his victory over Abe Hicken, Peter Newton has now challenged Larry Foley for a large stake and the gate money, but as the Sydney man is net in need of funds or matches with men of Newton's stamp to heighten his reputation it is very improbable that the veterans will meet. The Newcastle Jockey Club's race meeting is set down for Thursday and Saturday, when excellent sport is anticipated. The weights should be found in thia issue. It is probable that the Singleton Jockey Club will have to abandon its proposed meeting on October 26 and 27, although the full programme had been placed before the public. The sole reason for this step will be that the course will not be available, as the executors of the late Mr. Howe have called upon the committee of the club to hand over the convincing ground, but there are hopes that some satis- factory arrangement for future racing may be made. Anyhow, I understand that the I club will have but little difficulty in securing a suitable site for future operations. The Northcote Handicap, one of the chief events of the Moonee Valley meeting cn Saturday, was won by Fronde, whose fourth consecutive victory it was. The Preston Handicap was secured by Portsea. During the race for the Members' Handi- cap at Randwick on Saturday, Messmate and The Trier, who were both well backed, fell at exactly the same spot whero Brookleigh and others came to grief in the Metropolitan. They sadly interfered with Pulvil, who waB favourite, and he, too, had a narrow escape. Pulvil was evidently improving at the meet- ing, and is probably Payten's best three-year old. The High-weight Handicap brought out the Warwick Farm mystery Donizetti, and many people who had heard whispers about the ion of Marvellous in connection with the Cups, were anxious to get a glimpse of him. He looked very well, but appeared unable to con- cede Alchemist (who won) 51b., whilst Antiene, who gave him 101b., also beat him. Candid, who ran second to Budgeree in the Members' Handicap, is by Splendor out of Canary, and is consequently own sister to Candour. It is reported that the unreliable Shamrock is to be tried over the small sticks. The New Zealand horses Stepniak, Ieh Dien, and Melinite were shipped for their home on Saturday evening. The former was very sore after the Randwick campaign, and indeed was far from being in his best form when he met Camoola and Projectile in the Randwick Plate, and thus he was easily defeated. However Payten'a horses on the other hand were evidently improved by their previous starts, and as the race was run to suit Camoola it would have taken a great racehorse to have beaten the son of Copra on Saturday, for the Plate was ran in much better time than for years past, yet the chestnut won pulling up. Indeed bia exhi- bition was a great contradiction to his previous displays, and the sanguine admirers of Camoola and Projectile are once again buoyod up with hope that their chances of distinguishing themselves at the approaching Victorian meetings are by no manner oí means hopeless. Mr. J. B, Clark made a complaint on Saturday against Mat. Harris, who was on the back of Jeweller in the Wycombe Stakes, for foul riding, but the complaint was lodged, too late to allow an inquiry being held. Foaling is proceeding very satisfactorily at Duckenfield, at leaBt numerically, but as fourteen fillieB and four colts only have so far seen the light the Hon. John, Eales ia not in ecetacies, The Victorian racehorse Ducrow, a son of First King and Yardley, fell in the race for the Waverley Handicap on Saturday, broke his shoulder and had to be destroyed. He was a fast but ungenerous brute. The lad R. Kennedy, well-boown in Maitland, was riding Ducrow at the time of the accident and was so severely injured that he had to be removed to an hospital, of which he ÍB yet an occupant. THE VAGUANT. 