A GHOST MACHINE. Mr. Stead is having a spirit-writing machine invented for him. The invention works upon the spirit-rapping and table-turning principle, being a magnetised dial- plate which communicates by wires with a new form of type-writer. The 'medium' places his hand upon the dial, and the 'spirit' in fluences him to spell out a message on the type-writer. We rather imagine any one will be able to spell out messages quite as well as tho medium. Often having heard about spirits rapping, and spirits playing upon pianos, we would like to know what prevents the spirits rapping or play ing direct upon the type-writer, and so delivering a printed message from be tween the rollers. The Catholic Church holda that the so-call ' Spiritualism' is either deviltry or fraud, and it is a pity to see men like Mr. Stead allowing themselves to be de ceived. From the description in the papers, the new machine does nut seem to be nearly so mysterious as the once very celebrated ' planchette.' Planchette is a heart- shaped piece of hard wood, supported at the base upon two delicately f et wheels, while a sharp pointed pencil is passed through the apex. On placing it over a piece of smooth paper and pressing the hand gently down upon i1", it commences to travel with a jerky motion which causes the pencil to mark characters looking like any very bad writing, and capable of being interpreted accordingly. This motion was supposed by enthusiasts to be due to 'spirits' of the thinner kind, but it is really caused by the natural tremulousness of the many muscle3 in the fingers and hand, together with the blood-thrust of the pulsat ing vessel-;, whose power can be easily felt by tyinir a string tightly around the finger. The Abbe Hue, in his delightful ' Travels in China, Tartary, and Thibet,'tells us of Budd hist priests who had praying machines, which worked on the hand-mill and wind mill principles. Sailors tells us weird stories <>f 'spooks culling spirits from the vasty deep in the middle watch,' but here are machines by which anyone can 'spook' at will. " Catholic Times." 