UNITED STATES PENSIONS. SOME REM LRKABLE FAC L'S. POLITICAL, CORRUIT'ION. We are labori-g with rueful diligence nsys the Atgus to establish a wise oconcm; through all the reaims of public financ .and our repentance for any extravagance xvhlch, in the too stimulating atmospher ,f " boom " times, sprang into existence is ioth s'ncore and loud. Our virtue Is, )e-baps, not wholly without alloy. The D?,cerlty of our repentance gains its depth, t may be suspected, and its loudness acqu'res its volume, from the state not so much of the public conscience as of the ,a'bic pocket. We are determined to be 'v '-uously economical, because we can no .ouger afford to be extravagant. It may '.apply, however, a wholesome reinforce -rent to our virtue to study the most shockiug example of national extravaganse, perhaps, to be found in the whole circle of histo.y, an example, curiously enough, supplied by a community akin in speech and blood and political institutions to ourselves. The Pensions Bureau: of* the United Mtates has just published its annual report, and anything in the shape of wasteful and ex ava"gant expenditure to be found, or even imagenod, amongst ourselves is more Sparuan and heroic virtue as compared 'a th the sublime feats of cxtravaganco -erforrmed under the pension law of the IUn1ed States. The great Civil War, it ,ei?l be remembered, lasted four years, and ended 30 years ago. During its progress a grand total, of 2,778,01. men were ,enrolled in the army and navy of the Union, and out of these 300,000 were Lkiled i-s ba:tie or died of wounds. It might be supposed that under the action of the usual forces which wait on' human life the remainder of thbs host would by this time ihe reduced to small dimensions, and moulber Xvsxes might shad meditative ers-s over them as the crowded battalions .a-islhed one after another in the grave. But there never was such an army of veterans as that yielded by the great American Civil War. Never before was old age so green, so prolific. so indestruct. able ! The ordinary rabies of mortahlity are suspended in their favor; nay, the ordinary :onditions of human life are inverted, and while the attendant multitude of widows and orphans continuo to expand, the original ilst of husbands and fathers dlo'ines mysteriously to grow any less ! On Juno 30, 1892, there were 8;0,000 pensioners, drawing generous sums from the United States Treasury for services rendered during. the. Civil War; and in defiance of 'nature and arithmetic the number. of pensioners stea.?ily increases! By June of. the. present .year, the com missioners calmly report, the number of pensions will be at least 1.000,000, and at the date of the rdport-there were 800,000 claims yet to be adjudicated upon, At this rate of increase tlle army of coin Sfortably pensioned .' surivors" of the Civil War will, in-a short period, consider ably exceed the whole:number of soldiers actually engagedin the war. At the presednt moment, indeed, every sventieth inhabitant of the United States is drawing a pension to console him for his sufferings in a war which, in many cases, was fought f before he was born! The total amount expended in pensions last year was 21,000,000 sterling; this year the pensica e budget is computed at .34,000,000 sterling. The Republic; that is, expen:ds nearly one r half of its, entire revenue in military e pensions; a siato: of things which, for a dreb-colored- and peaceful Republic, must be pronounced simply anmazing. Germany, I the most military of empires, spends e £22,009,000 yearly., upon its: arimies and e fleets; Great Britain, with one-fifth of the globe in trust, spends .?1,000,000 on the military and naval defence of the ompire. SBut the United States expends more money t in.pensions on what may be describe:l as the ghosts of a dead army than Germany f does on its stupendous nmilitary system, or Great Britnn on its overwhelning flest! The pension list of the United States after the great revolutionary war was £14,v)00 per annulm; but this was in'WAsIIIuToro's day. Since the Civil War closed the .mazing sum of more than a billion and a ' half of dollars has been expanded in pensions, or half as much again as the entire war indemnity which France paid to Germany after the capture of Paris. If 'anything can be more absurd than the scale of these pensions it is the principle upon which they are .conferred. A soldier omay have deserted his colours in the presence of the enemy, an officer may have been cashiered for cowardice or embezzle mnent, and yet his title to a pension s remains undestroyed. - A woman who actually suffered a ternm of imnprisomn?unt r for poisoning her husband, clhaiiel a pension as a widow for the loss of lher husb:ad in the service of the Republic band got it! The extent of fraud a;nd cor rupthon bred by the pension system may be b ima-,girl, but can searcely be described. Never, perhaps, was a system so ingeniously ea'culated for the spread of gener.l lying and for creating: the conviction that the Spubl.c pocket eaists for the purpose of being picked. The Pens:on Commissioners report that in a certain small group of bogus cases, out of a total of 5,397 affldavits 3,034 were false and 92 were forgeries ! The tariff of the United Status is, of course, tile chief cause of the s:sle a ll absurdity of its pension systmu Ni nation in existonce--least of all a shrew.L ani practical race like tile Am ric.usa would spend £34,000,000 par arnum, or nearly Ihalf its tot:l rovenun, in military pensions if this well-nigh incredible sun hrad to b ?r:isedo by direct taxatiot. T'i?s t:riff of tihe United States exists in tru intercsts of a ring of weaolthy inrm-i. facturers; tl eenormrussumns lo vieslby it till thie Traruas,y to ovcerflowillg; aud tie revenue U.must Ile sirent' or there world be iso ilecent pretexI for conltiuir g to rise. illut tire pensirrn bllidget .Of thie Urliteld mt;ltc illustlrates, too, what is tle slhrtlirg lreril of aniy llelcricra'i, oe:llm mnity where lthe state is a:l-o i grilt cullll sycr of hlaboin. Tihe telidcercy is alw,-ys to imnltilrly thle illUlmbI r of rlcperllents on the s!atec, and to lr-,rw uripJ: the lriblic trcisury on a contilnually incrler-ing scale nlnd for a continn rlly mirrltilrlyirg ho?t of persons and of objscts. Every cystenm of government hlsL its ownspecial risks; anld tile perpetual risk of a democratic Govern ment cxisting under modern conuditions like our own is towards extravagance. Economy is inot, after all, and inspite ofageoolm?mny platitudes, a "republican" virtue; and it will need the steadfast culture of a wise public sentiment amongst us to keop our sltate expenditure clear of the twin curses of warte and corruption. A poor man may be just as gool as his rich neighbor, but hli his a harder time in proving it. A soldier's pillow-His nap-sack. lBeyond thinking.-Amy : "iMabel, do you ever think about marringe ?" Mabel: "Think is ino name for rt - I worry." Microscopist.-" Did you ever look at a £50-nte through a mrsros. po ?" Impecunious Friend: "]No; always used a telescope." '" What would ou do if y, wicre in my shoes, Jephon?" asked Ifrbbs. '- Black 'em" rep'iet Jephson, eyring IIobbs's uncderstandings critically. Sympathlic Friend: " c Ya r Loalt's appears to have inuproved greatly of late." Conva'escent: "Yes, l've beoen away among stranigers whol didn't eternally talk.about it." 