ji. OUTLAW & LAW-ALAKEiv. i by mrs. campbell prae:>. ' CHAPTER XXX.-(Ooxtim:kd). , It was a very successful (lay, sc i.vvryom declared over the quurt-pot tea. " i : J-:ni | j had provided orcam and sugar for ti.- who : - had not Mr. Micawbcr's sense of th liMius ji in regard to a colonial life. Home 1 me blaekboys, with Sam Shchan, had be " ; : t 1 forward towards the JJarolm Falls c. 1 '.y > A I J the day to prospect for the adventure. us' I J to the state of the track. They br.v.ieht I ! back accounts so daunting, of thequicktaini : 1 111 the creek, made more dangerous by the 1 late rams, of the density of the spinnife", through which it was almost impossible to force a way, of the close growth of the prickly bunyos in the scrub, and of the fur- j l famed and almost fabulous "piora" snake, 'j said to pursue its victim, unlike its I j fastnesses of the Luya, which so frightened Miss Garfit and others of weak soul and body that the camping-out party finally dwindled considerably below t its first planned proportions, and those who turned back to the comforts of Tnnimba 1 were more than they who faced Barolin- wards. if It was Sam Shehan who told the tale of the :j spmnifex and the piora. The blacks had .1 flatly refused for fear of " Debil debil " to go :j into the bunyu scrub. This to them was the forbidden region, forbidden of Puyme, the i Misty One, and \ ooltanah, the Great Spirit. Only Jack Nutty and Pornpo were of the empancipatcd from superstition's bond- ; age, and were regarded as pariahs in conse quence by their more dusky brethren. Rose Garlit went back with her mother. I So did Lord Waveryng, who complained of a twinge of sciatica. His spouse was intrepidity itself. " Take care of them all, Frank, ' | i| plaintively adjured Mrs. Jem. Jem accoin- I 1! pained his wife. i 1 " \ ou liave been drawing the long-bow, i 1 Shehan. said Frank to the stockman. "It's i my belief," heudded to Trent, "thatSliehan 1 ; has a cattle-stealing plant up this way, and is afraid of my finding it out. He has been I 1 dead aeamst this exnedition. and throwing I all the difliculties he could in the way." ' If, however, Shehan was dead against the ; expedition, certainly Trant was wild that it , i should be carried through. He had wakened out of his grim and apathetic mood at a sug- festion on Lord Wavcrying's part that the alls should be abandoned. Ina had timidly y. seconded the suggestion. She did not want i Elsie to go anil get lost in the bush, : :t and perhaps bitten by a snake. Ina, : ii herself, was one of those who turned !, back. She was not a coward, but she was 11 delicate, and Lord Horace did not seem to ! » want her company. It was quite evident : that he thought Mrs. Allanby enough to i j take care of. Mrs. Allanby had in her way ; J a sort of quiet recklessness. She had never ; looked handsomer: the slumbering tires of i J lier eves had darted into life, and her pale i i! cheeks were reddened witli excitement or j sunburn. Trant swore that lie would be ! responsible for Elsie's safety. He knew the country better than Frank — scrubbers from 1 j Barolm Gorge often got lo3t in Barolin scrub, ilie explained. Lady Horace need not be alarmed. Ina kissed her sister in a melan choly way as they parted at the lichen- i ll covered boulders. Both afterwards remem- ; -j bercd Ina's fears. Lord Horace grumbled — ; Jem Hallett laughed at her. " I'm super- i 1 stitious," said the little woman — " yes, I 1 know. But I can't help it, and I shall not :j be liappy until you all get safe back to Tu- nimba. 1 Tiie party divided. Those turning their t faces to the wilderness mounted and rode iTifrt t.ho /infill 'with t.ho hlarkness of the ' scrub before them, and Blount Luya barring 1 tire horizou, while the others went down along the gully, and both parties were soon swallowed up in the gloom of the gorge. ; « Elsie seemed fated to hear the asides of Trant nud Ins henchman. Perhaps this was because 0\. rant kept- up so assiduously at her bridle rein- Lord Waverying had solemnly com- nutted his wile into Frank Hallctt's keep- . 3uit- Lady Waveryiug did not like Trant ; tj —she had counted, she said, on Mr. Blake 1 being ot the parly, and joined her entreaties j to tho?e of her husband. Thus Elsie found herself for the nonce deserted by her legiti- mate protector, and it was she herself, partly i out ot perversity, who claimed Trant as a cavalier. The half-castes jogged ahead, I Frank Hallett and Lady Waveryng followed, i and then Minnie Pryde and a young bush? ; man, who showed symptoms of adoration. Mr- Craig was a well-to- do squatter, albeit rough 111 his ways, and Elsie thought that Miumc meant business this time, and she wondered how she should like Minnie for a neighbor on the Lower Luya, where was I beiug built the splendid new house which she and Frank were to inhabit after their honeymoon and the English trip. Lord ! Horace and Mrs. Allanby were behind every- ' one else- Sam Shehan was riding sulkily in j front of Elsie and Trant. 1 Sam." called out Trunt, " you'd better j push ahead, and see about the camp." r Sam took no notice. Trant looked annoyed. "Sam is not in the best of tempera." he said. "This kind of ladies' pic nic is not. much in his way. Til go and give him a bit of my mind." Trant spurred his horse, and the two were presently in a somewhat animated confe rence. It struck Elsie that it was Shehan who was giving his master a bit of his mind. Elsie lagged. She looked round for Lord j Horace. And then she saw what gave her an odd start, and opened her eyes to the <i state ot ailuirs. Lord Jtloracc was beuumg j close to Mrs. Allanby. The faces of the two were turned to each other. Lord Horace looked very handsome; he was evidently 5- pleading, and Mrs. Allanby was listening to 1 iinn with a dreamy passionate eagerness, j Elsie had never seen that expression upon I her still reserved face. The girl knew intui- 1 tivelv that the woman loved her brother-in- |i law. And then she saw Lord Horace bend ! closer still, and as the two horses touched, Lord Horace laid a kiss upon Mrs. Allanby's responsive lips. Elsie's heart swelled with I auger and shame. A fierce blush came to / her face — that Ina should be so insulted 1— ' Iua who was angelic in her goodness to I Horace. Hid Ina know or guess, and was this the cause of Ina's pale sad face ? Or was ? it possible that Ina knew and did not care, , "because she had ceased to love her hus- band — had perhaps never loved him. Like f n lightning Hash this truth seemed borne in upon Elsie. She, too, urged on her horse, ' and tnc spirited creature in a few bounds | had taken her almost beside Trant and his atockinan. And then Elsie heard Sam Shchan say in angry tones, " What is the sense of bringing these swell English tolls up here—and that d d Frank Hallett? I tell you I don't like it. The thing is too dangerous." ' "If you reflect a moment, my good Sam, you will sec that it is the most diplomatic course one could possibly pursue. I was in great hopes that. Alucpherson would have ! iomed our party. Now, that would have been truly dramatic. Ho would never have come this way again." "Oh. blow all that nonsense !" said She han. He looked round as he spoke, and became aware that Elsie was within earshot. He shut his mouth with the stockman's ex pressive click of his tongue and teeth which implies reserve and caution. Elsie was \ quite aware of this, but she only took in dazedly thcsigniiicance of bhehnus suuden silence. She was too preoccupied with Ivor ! own discovery, and the manner in which it might alleot her .sister's happiness, to give j much thought to the mysteries of Sam Shehan i and Dominie Trant. i Trant noticed her discomposed look as lie s came back to her, while Shehan pushed on, iJ sis he had been bid, and joined the half- j castes. j "Shehan has the true native's objection to . swell Euglish people," he said, airily ; :j though he furtively watched the effect of his words. H I am sorry to say that he has been S swearing vigorously at Lord and Lady W uvervnp, and even at Air. Frank Hallett, who he fancies is responsible for having brought them here. The fact is," Trant f added. Shehan wanted to have a chase I after Moonlight — he has a theory that the i) bushrangers are in hiding somewhere up » here, and he doesn't want the game dis- v turbed by this sort of thing. I tokl him that T we were near having Captain Macpherson, ti and that we might have shown the troopers i a bit of really wild country, but Sam didn't a see the. fun." s Elsie, did not answer. "What is the matter ? '' hejsaid, " You look as if you had seen a ghost. " I nave seen a ghost," she replied. " Never mind. Don't speak to me for a bit. I waut to think." And put then silence became compulsory, for tho track was loo narrow and brokeu for them to ride any more together. The sun had set when they reached the border oi the scrub, where Sam Shehan and thr» hnlf.rvist/v had licrhtoil tho camp hies. CHAPTER XXXI.— "Camping Our." "It puts me a little iu mind of a view from the Cliabet Pass in Algeria," said Lady d Wavorvng. "if you could imagine a coach J road hero." \ " Not the least in the world," said Trant, t bluntly. He did not now say "My Lady," v; having got over his first awe, being one of X those persons who, too obsequious at a dis- ? tancc. figuratively speaking, become familiar ( to ill-breeding when the social barriers are I at all lowered. Lady Waveryng looked at him a little haughtily, but did not. reply to <4 him. onlv saying, as she turned to Elsie, "It f is wild enough for anything, anyhow." J V 03. certainly, it was wild enough for any- I thin?. Tho mountains rose so close that the sense of size whs lost — Mount Luva. and its spurs to front and right, the jagged peaks of i Mount burrum barring the horizon on the \- k?it, so that they seemed iu a cul-tfe-∾, closed in by gigantic walls Behind them were the forest wolds broken by volcanic- looking hills, sparsely covered with hoary gums, and in places with nothing but tne weird jagged speared gras9 trees, with here aud there a great lichen- grown rock or cairn of grey stones peculiar to the district. The loneliness was intense. The men had Bet the camp on a little clear plateau, on one of the mountain :<purs, with a ravine on each side, from which crime the sound of a torrent rushing over Clones. This torrent was oue of the heads of the Luya River, forming in places a wide rocky bed bordered with dense scrub. AU round, except from whence they had come, rose thick black scrub, up to where the moun tains rose sheer — both Luya and Burrum bci rt'j somewhat of the same conformation, : -caks girdled with ribbed precipices. :-i junt Luya had this peculiarity, that the summit was fiat — indeed, the flatness seemed a depression, and was, in truth, the hollow of. an extinct crater, now a lake. A lower peak, evidently also a dead volcano, stood out from the hitdier one like a huiic flat-topued excrescence, completely sur rounded, except where it joined the moun tain, by a perfectly bare wall of rock, and absolutely inaccessible. The pines grew up to this wall, but there were none above it — only the desolate grandeur of the naked rock. Beyond this projecting plat form, aB it seemed, the precipice shelved into the heart of tne mountain, with the river running below and another inaccessible wall of rock upon the other side narrowing into a V, so that the cleft had tho appear- aucc of a slice cut bodily from the mountain, aud the hollow was black with what appeared to be impenetrable scrub. Here was the BarMin Fall, and some of the party fancied that they could hear in the distance the thuuder of the waters. A few white guins, with peeling bark and long withes of grey moss, had a spectral look against the pyramidal blackness of the bunyos and the spinnifex jungle. The camp fires looked cheerful in the gloom of this shut-in region, though the summits of Burrum and Luya were golden in the setting sun.. Great boulders of rock strewed the little treeless place. Some rose like misshapen monoliths to a considerable height, some were piled as though by design one upon another, and smaller stones lay pell-mell, grass and ferns growing between them. Un the slope of the pinch were a few twisted grass trees, and Frank Hallett, with the Bushman's forethought, went to these, and directed one of the men to cut a quantity of the grassy tufts, which he spread iu one corner of the tent that was being put up for the ladies to sleep in. Minnie Prydc's squatter had already cut and lixed the tent poles and was spreading the canvas. The pack horse was unsaddled, and from the gaping saddle-bags protruded provisions and cooking implements. The tin "billys" and pintpots and jackshays, strung together bv a saudlestrap, lay on the ground. The blaekboys carried a dinper to the creek to be filled. As the sun sank the stars came out all glorious in a cloudless sky, Sirius like a far-otl beacon, and tne bright evening star and familiar constellations, with the brilliaut pointers of the Southern Cross dipping below the left peak of Burruin. The men set to work to gather dead bunya cones and sticks and dry logs to make a blaze that would give all the light they needed. But Frank Hallett had brought lanterns for the ladies' tent, and it was he who, assisted by Elsie and Minnie Pryde, spread the blankets and carried in the valises and hung a red blaukct for a curtain at the doorway, while Lady Waveryng and Mrs. Allanby laid the table and unpacked the provisions. And then came the merry meal. Oh, it was merry, in spite of Elsie's sad heart and Traut's melodramatic love, and the other love that was scarcely innocent between the two who, to gratify it, must overleap barriers. Elsie s knowledge of this secret love drowned tho sense of her own pain But was it possible that Lord Horace could feel for any woman a serious and absorbing attachment? Was his light nature capable of any tragic emotion ? If not, Mrs. Allanby's nature certainly was. Elsie watched the two. Her brother-in-law was haggard and pale, and evidently consumed by a hidden anxiety. Lady Waveryng noticed that he was unlike himself, and asked him if any thing were amiss, and if he was fretting for Ina. Lord Horace laughed, and became feverishly gay. A quarter of an hour after wards lie was plunged in thought. Airs. Allanby's mood, too, was fitful. In both were the signs of repressed excitement. They appeared to avoid each other. But their eyes were continually meeting, (To be continued.) 