amusements. THE DRAMA, &C.; Thoy system of frequently changing the at. tractions at any theatre is ono that should prove mutually satisfactory to both managers »n,i playgoers. It servos to keep the steam un and gives a fillip to public interost whero otherou. a tendonoy to Dag might become apparent In withdrawing The Doublo Evont at tlio 'verv holglit of its prosperity. Mr. Darroll hns been guidodbythisprinoiple,and wo cntortninno doubt as to the result. Tho sporting piece mentioned is considered by most pooplo competent to form nn acournto judgment tho most commondnblo in intrinsio merit of all the author's productions. It possesses fewer objec- tional mannerisms, it is written in a rational and realistic Btylo, while it appeals directly to those acquainted with the vctnaoular of the race course and the ring. Much of oourso depends upon tho subject, nnd nuthora high and low good, bad and indifferent, beliovo that their forts' lie in a direotion prcolsoly the opposite of tho notual faot. Mr. Darrcll seems to think his strength lies in the tender and emotional, with diggers, bushrangers ond lots of fun thrown in its a frame work, His friends havo their own opinion, howovcr, and always dread his ex cursions into tho rogions of his imagination as regards life and inoidents in tho early days of the colonios. Encouraged by tho success of his drama Tho Doublo Evenf;, Mr. Parroil proposes to submit another, if not a hotter, picco at the lloyol this (Saturday) overling, entitled Life for Life. It was originally performed under the name of Tho Pakeha, and is said to Ira foundod upon materials gleaned by tho author when a lad living on tho AYest Coast of New Zoaland. It has boon well spoken of by tho press of that colony, but that is no notual oritorion of its merits, as the nows- papors of Maoriland liavo a strong woaknoss for saying handsomo things, about tho profession generally. Thero is more sousationalism than, novelty in tlio drama, in which tho hero is sub jected to tnuob persecution forncriinoof which bo was as innocent as an unborn infant, and is onnbled to overcome every misfortune through tho kindly, instrumentality of a reportor— quite a typo of his class. Tlio first act opens in tho ward of a public hospital, whero an inmate, a wretched old miser, lies at tho point of doath. His ailment is not partioulariscd, but in ordor to relievo tho woild of tho poor creature and sectiro his hoarded treasure, tho doctor of tho institute has arrangotl with tho dispenser, Gi'os Gower, to administer, poison to the patient. The subordinate official executes liis.orders so effectually and with suoh. celerity that suspicions aro aroiiscd, and, to savo his own nook, Dr. Cromby accuses his assistant Dr. Montroso of the murdor. Tlio olmrge is to some extent corroborated by tho faot that when, arrested and searched Montroso is found to havo upon him a pookot book oontniuing a largo sum of money, tlio property of tho murdered man. At. this . orisis Samuel Soutcr, tho pressman, turns up and enters 5 on amor c upon tlio task of. writinn un a tllorouoh. diinlieated hemline. highly sensational nnd altogether thrilling narrative. Ho fiiugs his wholo soul into his work, Bpreads himself out ovor it liko a hen cover ing her ohiokens, aud is jealous of any ono participating In tho task for which he thinks himself so competent. He docs not believe in the alleged oriminality of tho hbro, and is re- solvod to help him. Tho first trial of Montrose results in tho jury disagreeing. Tho noxt threatens to go hard with him, and thoro is nothing left to be done but to aid him iu effeot-. ing his osoapo from prison. Tlio second not. opens with tho soeno laid on the, AYest Coast of the South Island, soma nino months having elnpsed sinco tho ilato of tho osoapo from prison. Tho diggings arc supposod to ba iu full swing' here, and this hiny aooount for Dr. Cromby and tlio Gowers being discovered amongst tho local residents, thoy having lost their positions in the hospital owing to their oonneotion with tho poisoning oaso. Giles has boon systematically drinking himself to doath to stifle tlio memory of his fiendiBli not, while his mentor, less susceptible to the qualms of oonsoionoo, beguiles tho tedium of his leisuro and divcrsifios his boozing by making love to Gowor's handsomo daughter Isabel. Some slight tondors of .love had boon exchanged be-' twocn Montroso" and this young lady, hut nftor tho ninrdor they lost sight of each other. Co- orcod by her father, ond forced by circumstances, sho is compelled to marry Dr. Oromby, whom she detests,' so that when Montroso reappears on tho soeno with tho indefatigable para- graphist, Mr. Souter, oil her old partialities aro revived, a faot that naturally helps to intonBify tho bitterness of feeling that exists between hor nnd tho man she has married. Cromby, by this timo, has booomo thoroughly brutalisod, and despito his wife's protestations ho oarrios her off to tho diggings, ond places her in tho shanty where ho and her father, tho topor, Giles Gower, . havo been living. In ono of ills lucid ' intervnls Giles lias scon the ghost ot tlio poisoned man, or at least believes ho lias, and is much perturbed iu miud. This ghost or appnrition turns out to bo tho twlu brother of tho murdered man, to) whom, ofoourse, ho boars a very striking re semblance. This mysterious being, moving noiselessly to the side of the druukon wretoli, fills him with terror, and oxtorts tho confession of tbo orlme, at tho same timo implicating Dr.- Cromby in tbo prosence of his wife, Isabel. Sho threatens to inform tho nuthorltioB, nnd is thrashed almost to death by tho accomplished medical man who has sworn to. protect nnd oherlsh hor. Ho must havo capped his numerous breaohos of ' the decalogue by killing hor if tho hero nnd the irrepressible stenographer did not turn' up just in tho nlok of time. The poiioo also rush in and seouro, not only Giles and Cromby, but recapture Montroso, who, as already mentioned, had fled from justice. Tha prisoners are sent on by tho mail osoort to Chrlstohuroh. Tho party is, howover, attacked en routo by a . gang of bushrangers. The ubiquitous reoorlcr Souter, St is needless to say, reappears at this juncture, and by ono of those lioppyacoidcnts'withwhiohplaygoorsnro familiar, ho suococcls iu freeing his friend, with whom he gallops nwoy just as the bushrangers are pos sessing themselvos of tho gojd protcotod by tho escort. Cromby is murdered by the loader, and Gowor again beholding the apparition is driven to write oiit his oonfessioh of tho murder and dios, thereby freeing Montrose from all culpability ih the matter. It only remains to bo told that Montrose marries Isabel, and his pal, Soater, not to lie outdono in generosity, gives his hand and heart to Lilian, hor sister. ' The Ad venturess lias proved a, fairly reihuncral tivo speculation at tho Ilijou. - The houses may not liavo been overflowing, but tho general sup port given by thopuhlio has been genuino nnd solid. -It will bofollowed by a drama somowhat of tire snmo style, entitlod Quicksands, whieli oarries with it its own signification. It deals with social lifo from its moral and fashionable aspect, and illustrates the dangers arising from trusting too much to the placid and pleasing exterior of things bcheatlr whioh lie concealed danger, arid, it may be,' shipwreck. Mr. Amory Sullivan should become a popular manager. He is courteous, mindful' of the com fort \ and convenience of his audience, nud docs ; not leave everything to his subordinates. His lot of lato has not boon cast in pleasant places. He lias bad to contend with, trouble and disappointment inoidental to thoatrical management, but if he, does not do -tho Mark Taploy to the full o'xtcnt, and express satisfaction at accumulated .disasters and mis fortunes, he does not cnrry.his .heart upon his sleeve, and that is somothing. A Miss Aimiie Moore will, it is said,: taka a icading part in tho new drama. She has bean a fashion- ablo amateur for Borne time, and muoh is ox- pooled from hor. Professor and Mdme. Steen appeared on Saturday night at St, George's Hall iu an enter tainment designed to expose the impostures of tho Davenport Brothers, Dr. Slado, and others who feigned supornatural agoncios for tho performance of their wonder ful trieks. Their pretensions iu this respect gave them a certain prcstigo for a time, and possibly they succocded in thoir objects with the over credulous. Reflection, onda keener insight into means and 'appliances, soon led tho public to penetrato tho fraud, and though peoplo might : be unablo . to explain "how to do it," yet tlioy folt convinced that the - strange : manifestations witnessed were the result of artifico and make beliovc. It is at this Btngo of mental progression that artists like those alluded to abovo como in. They ostensibly undertake to oxplain away the miraolos of thoir predecessors, and to teach tlio ignorant the entire modus operandi, but thoy go further, and dis play cvon greater wonders and a bolder defiance of the laws of nature' in tho elucidntioni of tho mysterious, leaving the credulous moro dumb founded than over, and intensifying the faith, so to speak, of thosa who believe in nothing. The S teens, of course, have the usual committeo of good men and truo appointed to not before proceeding to work. This looks liko courting inquiry, and plqass3 an n,udience, oven though said committee may evidence no moro capaoity ..than your, ordinary British jury. On Saturday night nono seemed more astii'indod by tho feats .. of Madamo Steon than tho' members of tho committee. Their inquisitorial poops, thoir knowing gluncos, their dubious shakes of tho head, all counted with the nudienoo, but in foot wont for nothing, although the lady did what to all intents and purposes was elearly beyond tho range of human possibility. All the old tricks woro ropoated with marvellous neatness and apparent ease; and more complicated por tions of their show without the least difficulty or cluo to explanation. IVholo columns of figures wero multiplied by tho lady with hor eyes bandaged, the numbers of notos - woro given, although tho flimsy lay comfortably in the owner's poakat. The initials printed on hand kerchiefs, tho number on watches, .the figuro out of a mass touahed by a committeeman, all seemed quite easy to Madame Steen, nud.sito seemed oven to know what was passing in tiie minds' of those . around hor. Tho professor also givos proofs of liis ability in mimicking tho impos tures of tho' past, and affords grounds moro convincing than qvor for flouting the super natural hi things mundane. 1 Mr. Phil. Stuart has added a novelty in tlio person of -Bellamy- Southern to his - collection of ourio'sitics at tho WaxworkB. -This is tho indi vidual, it will be remembered, who lost all sense of antecedent and existing individuality, and seems as far off as ever of roalisiiig his real con dition. As a psyohloal study ho Is worth convors- ing with. Profossor Davis and the. Second Sight lady, Miss Graoq'Stdnloy, are'olso attractions of moro than ordinary interest. Edwaicl Torry, tho' famous English comodian, has been engaged by Messrs. 'Williamson and Musgrovo for a .tour in Australia. Mr. Terry's Australian tour" will bo a short ono, and will begin' in Sydney about the middlo of the year. Ho brings with him four plays quite new to tho colonies. 