THE FINANCIAL CRISIS. [Br R. CALDWELL, M.P.] You are certainly entitled to tbe thanks of the oommunity for having secured from one of our most capable feliow-coloniets some valuable remarks having reference to the financial crisis which the Australian Colonies have recently experienced. In matters of general policy and finance it is admitted by those most capable of forming an opinion that South Australia has no more competent authority than Mr. Barr Smith. Consequently any remark which he has to make respecting our present trouble is entitled to serious consideration. I am quite at one with Mr. Barr Smith when he says " Doubt and suspicion are in the air,"and having been taught long ago to believe that " the curse euusele&e; would not come" 1 havo made it my duty, not recently, but some years back, to ascertain what causes were operating in bringing about the doubt and suspicion which have of late attained both local habitation and name. For so surely as the foul play which occasioned the death of Hamlet's father resulted in the appearance of the ghost at Elsinore, so surely alio has the present condition of uncertainty, when "airs from heaven and blasts from hell"are strangely crossing and commingling, been brought about by ill-deeds done in other days, when perhaps an unsuspecting community, or the good, easy" rulers of the people, were asleep. I am quite in accord with Air. Barr Smith when in conclusion he remarks— "At the present time we ought to have no patience with fussy meddlers. Here and now we are compelled reluctantly to admit that the parrots of eoc-iely are more destructive than the birds of prey." Thit is to say parrots will do greater harm to grapes or grain than eagles. Of course such is not the case when unfortunate beasts of burden or the lambs of the flock are concerned At the present time there is no getting away from the fact that we are oalled upon to endure misfortune of no ordinary description. It may have burst upon many 3ike an unexpected thunderstorm, but those who oould read signs and estimate tendencies saw the process workinp, and are not at all surprised at results. On November 15, 1892, " Hansard" reports (page 1,622)—" Mr. Caldwell referred to the inadequate protection accorded the public so far as the operations of Banking Companies were concerned- TfceCompanieshad obtained charters from Parliament, but no provision bad been me.de to ascertain whether they conducted their business in accordance with the conditions of the charters. There was, unfortunately, reason for believing that in many instances tbe Banks did business in direot violence to tbe charters. The subject required the most urgent consideration, and he hoped "the Treasurer, who was a Director of one of the Banks, would carefully look into it." During the last two years, being conscious of the presence of "doubt and suspicion" in the air, with the exception of sounding a note of warning now and then, I practically, if not prudently, kept my mouth closed. I resolved todo nothing to hasten or aggravate the trouble whioh I saw surely coming upon us. Since the bursting of the storm, however, it should be the privilege of those who tried to guide the vessel from the rocks to take au interest in the passengers who have been forced to endure misfortune through no fault of their own. It was in the interests of those who do not attend public meetings, oannot write to news papers, bus wh^ nevertheless suffer from the faults of others, that the Current Account Release Bill was introduced. I have no desire to "earmark all the coin and bullion in tbe reconstructed Banks," neither do I think tho Bill now before the House can possibly have that effect. The limit of my intention is to make " current accounts" a first charge on the assets of a Bank in the event of liquidation. This proposal may be unwise, but it is by no mrans unreasonable. Nothing which has been done cr proposed in Parliament during the last twenty-five years has more tended to destroy confidence in Banks doing business in this colony than the action which some of these Companies have taken during the last six months. My desire is to see better foundations laid and the walls of the institutions in question strengthened. I do not altogether approve of Mr. Jenkins's Mortgagors' Liability Limitation Bill, but so far as future transactions are concerned I fail to see that serious trouble is likely to result from the limitation of the liability to the property against which the advance is made. Were Mr. Jenkins to carry his proposal a little further and stop all bor rowing, whether for private or publio purposet, I don't know but in the end a much sounder condition might result, While thanking you for the opportunity you have given my much reBpected countryman, Mr. Burr Smith, for making certain statements intended to promote the well being of everybody, let me assure you and my mentor that my desire to serve all classes of the community is notless sincere; but my knowledge of their condition at present compels me to believe that something must be done for them off the ordinary lines, 