Local Topics.. New Advertisement: — We beg-to direct- attention to Mr.. Bigelow's new advertise ment, published elsewhere. Mr. Bigelow an nounces that he will open a new business at Jeetho on Monday next. Applications. — Applications are- invited elsewhere from persons willing to fill the position of secretary to- the Great Southern Agricultural Society, and are- made return able for Monday, 13th November. Clearing Sale. — Messrs. Howard and Scott will hold an important clearing sale at Mr. Malloy's, Caldermeade, near Lang Lang, on Monday, 13th November, full particulars of which will be found in this issue. The cattle are a choice picked lot. Land Sale, Melbourne. — The great land sale by Messrs. Matthews Bros, and Plummer, through their auctioneer, Mr. Horsley, will be held on Monday, 13th November, instead of Saturday, 11th inst. Particulars appear elsewhere. Sales — Messrs. Joseph Clarke and Co. will hold a clearing sale at Mr. Williams, near Jeetbo-, on Wednesday, 15th inst.. Messrs. Howard and Scott will sell at Mr. Reed's, near Loch, on Thursday, 16th inst. Full particulars in our advertising columns. Trains Race Night. — The trains on the Great Southern Railway Line will be de layed at Dandenong one hour on Derby (Saturday), night, Cup (Tuesday), night, and Steeplechase (Saturday, November 11). This will enable visitors to the races to- witness the last race of the day, and catch the 6 p.m. suburban train from Melbourne to- Dandenong, and reach their homes the night of the races. The concession will be approved of by a large number of the sporting public from this district visiting Melbourne to witness the coming racing carnival. Appointment of Valuer.- -The Council of the Shire of Poowong and Jeetho, at Tues day's meeting, unanimously appointed Mr. McKeuzie McHarg to the office of valuer io- tho shire. Mr. McHarg, who is one of the pioneers of the district, is in every way suited for the important office, and there is no doubt whatever but that he will give- every satisfaction in the adjustment of valuation, having gained a very lengthened experience in land and property T&lues; in this and other districts. Work in connection with the valuation will be commenced at once. Will Lodged for Probate. — John Glew, late of Ocean-grove, gentleman, who died on 9th September last, 1893, has been lodged for probate. The real estate is valued at £4084, and personal at £1678, the whole of which is left to his wife, Abigail Glew, absolutely. Laege Cheeses. — Two large cheeses will be turned out at the Grassmere Factory in a short time. Each cheese will weigh a quarter of a ton, or 5 cwt. In each will be placed £2 10s. in silver coins, consisting of half-crowns, florins, shillings, sixpences, and threepenny-pieces — 10s. of each coin. The two cheeses will thus contain 158 coins. 1 hey have been ordered by a firm in Mel bourne. A Sydney firm has this year given the Bodalla Company an order for a cheese two tons in weight, which is also to be well stuffed with coins. In previous years a cheese of one ton weight was found too small for the demand. abe A of the Colony. — The Department of Agricult ure has published a series of charts showing the area of the colony, and other useful information of a statistical character. The total area of the colony is 56,000,000 acres. Of this 24,000,000 have been alien ated or are in course of alienation. Six aud a half million acres are devoted to reserves, and the mallee includes 11,500,000. There is available for occupation 7,500,000 acr-s. The cultivated area of the coloDy is at the ratio of 2 34 acres per head. The imports furnish some rather startling figures-. Fresh fruit to the value of' £110,000, aud dried fruit to the value of £94,300, are annually brought in. "We import eggs to the value of £22,300, and oats to the value of £22,000. The broom corn annually imported is esti mated as worth £7,300, aud glass and clover seeds £23.000. The Koeuhbueea Spoets.— The fol lowing are the handicaps for the chief events Sheffield Handicap : H. Thompson, 3 yds. ; 1). Spiers. 9 yds. ; F. Wrench, 9 yds.; Clias. L. Rose. 10 yds.; H, Higgs, 10 yds.; R. McCarm, 10 yds.; A. E. Beams, 11 yds. ; E. ilackav. 14 yds. ; H. Wrench, 14 yds. ; A. C. Evans, 14 yds.; B. Burke, 14 yds. ; Jos. Dawes, 14 vds. Handicap Hurdle Kace : T. Hodgson. 5 yds. ; D. Henry, 8 yds. ; A. T. ltceves, 10 yds. ; T. Spiers, 10 yds. ; Hewitt, 10 yds. ; H. Higgs. 14 yds. ; W. C. J. Hill, 13 yds. ; J. Anderson, 20 yds. 440 Yards Open liaudicap : M. J. Kelly, 8 yds. - H. Thomp son. 12 vds. : C. L. Hose. 20 yds. ; D. Spiers, 20 vds.: F. Wrench, 20 yds. ; W. C. J. Dill, 25 E. Mackav, 35 yds. Regarding the Sheffield Handicap. a great deal deal of un necessary trouble would be saved if the com mittee preseuted a certain competitor with ; the cheque, for the moderate- performers ; opposed to him, if he's "there." have uot the proverbial ghost of a show against him. Health" Officee foe the Shiee. — Cr. Mitchell moved that Dr. MeGec be appointed Health Officer to the Shire of Poowong and Jeetho on Tuesday, but the new bye-laws, which were adopted, as pointed out by the President to the new Councillor, prevented anv such appointment being made without certain notice being given. Cr. Mitchell : According to the Health Act we are liable to a fine if we have no Health Officer. The President : The resignation of the Health Officer has been forwarded and accepted at one meeting, and the fresh appointment will be made at the first opportunity. Or. Mitchell: How are we to get over the Health Act The President : Simnlv bv following out the bye-laws we have adopted for the guidance and regulation of officers aud councillors. Cr. Mitchell withdrew his resolution for the appointment of Dr. McGee, aud at a later stage moved that applications be invited from persons willing to fill the office at a remune ration of £15 per auuum, returnable at next meeting. Tue Racing Cabnival. — The Spring Races 'commence on Saturday next. At the invitation of the committee of the V. B. C. a \- partv of ladies aud gentlemen visited the racecourse at Flemington on Tuesday. A number of improvements for the convenience and comfort, of the thousands who will visit the course during the racing carnival were pointed out. and then an inspection was made of the Governor's private dining room. fiame beautiful panels painted by Mrs. T. C. Rowan now adorn each side of the pretty little chamber. The panels are all descriptive of art. Queensland flowers are more promi nent, than any other, and the delicacy of coloring and drawing of rare and common specimens is exquisite. The arrangements for reducing the crush and hurry of the meet- ing are verv ample. Extra exits have been provided, additional bars aud refreshment rooms have been constructed, ami more than usual care has been taken to make the v isit of the ladies pleasant and as free as possible from the inconveniences unavoidable in a large crowd. j UJiBtTA-.VA Township. — A modest pro posal was made to the Council oi. the Shire of I'oowoug and Jeetho on Tuesday, viz., the iroorietors of the luuibunua township offered to hand over to the Council the whole of the streets newly laid out in their township free of all cost. Cr, Mitchell, -ill the innocence of municipal youth, at once tabled a resolution accepting the same, aud t he adoption of the proposal was thought to go off swimmingly. But the President kept his cultivated eve aloft, and at once told the Council it was inadvisable to accept any such idnwini offer thereby adding to the respon- sibilities of the Council, benefiting the pro moters of the new township and not receiving a quid pro quo in return. A flank movement was made by Cr. Littledike, who fully sup ported the President's views, aud other Councillors coutcnded if the streets were to he handed over to the Council, a liberal sum of money will have to be contributed by those interested, so as to make them passable at once. Cr. Mitchell easily gave way, withdrew his resolution, and supported another proposal declining the offer. 