\---,- [BY ' . J. HAMILTON.] (Published by Special Arrangement withl Messrs. Ward, Lock, Bowden, and Co.) CHAPTER XXI-III. (Co'nli'ed.) !I wondcerif Harold has given me ,up as dead!' :said icardo. . A Evary body else seems to have done so. My very existence alipoars to have been blotted out of all recollec tion. I am nothing to nobody. Yours is the first friendly smile I have seen since I landed in England- yours is the first voice that has sounded like the voice of a friend.' His own trembled as he spoke. 'You are Harold's friend, so, you see, I adopted you for his .sake, answered Dot, lightly. Bet they were now startled by hear lg the ]itchen clock strike six. 'Six!' cried Dot, starting up, ' and the sistOrs have not. had their tea.' -. . . 'Six!' cried lRicardo, ' anid I'have not seen Harold yet.' 'Ho will.not be here to-hight,' said Dot: 'He must have found if necessary to return to Belmont; you had better go there to look for him.' 'But I don't know the way,' an swered Ricardo, reluctantly, taking up his hat. It seemed very hard to be banished from Dot's presence. 'You must go out of the wooden door,' she said, briskly, ' and then walk on to your right till you come to four cross-roads; take the one td your left, and then go on for about three miles; till ydu come to a largo white house, standing among some trees.' 'Thank you very much; I am sure I shall be able to find it. You have been very good to take me' in, Miis Belton. I feel refreshed in mind and body.' ' And I-I am very glad to have had your company,' said Dot.' They stood together for a minute before the ruddy glow of the kitchen fire. Outside, .all was darkness, but here was brightness and rest. Ricardo looked steadfastly down at Dot's flushed downcast face-now the s~weetest face in all the world to him he held her little rosy fingers in his hard, rough palm. 'I-I may come and see you soon again,' he whispered. Oh, yes! I suppose so.' He paused to get another glance into those frank blue eyes, but she turned away, and he was obliged to go down the dark passage and out of t~he open door. The stars were now shining in the dark sky, and the cres cent moon peeped over the cathedral spire; the air was very calm and mild. iicardo felt lonely no longer. This meeting withl Dorothy Belton was, he knew, an era in his life. The touch of her little, hand, what magic there was in-it ! He felt it still lingering in his during that solitary walk to Bel mont. It seemed to convey to him a hundred sweet, subtle messages; he could have kissed the spot reverently where her hand had been. It was sacred !-consecrated for ever by the touch of the one woman who would be henceforth all in all to him. 'Come what will,' he said, as ihe looked up at the pure, star-lit. sky, 'Dorothy Belton shall be my wife. She is minb already! Ifeel that she is the woman thalnt God has given to me-kept for me all ,these weary years,' while I never even' knew that • she wias in existence. Oh! my love, how can I over be thankful enough that I was brough~ t face to face with you to-day ! I little dreamt a weelk ago that I should see you, stand by you, gaze into the sweetl mystery of your blessed eyes. Now hard ship is nothifig to me, for I have you. Nothing can really separate us from one another. It seems as though we had been married in another world, and have only been re-united here. Talk of "love's young dream." M]anhood's firm, steadfast love, in all its maturity and strength,'is worth a hundred fire-fly flashes that just blaze up to disappear 'again.' 'My wife,' repeated Ricardo, in a sort of dream, ' My little Dorothy, lny own sweet wife! How strange, and yet how fanuliar and d -ar it sounds !' ' And now, the white walls of Bel 'mont gleamed throughl the dark trees. He walked up the leaf-streiwn avenue; in another minute he would see his friend again. A'lter this lonig five years' absence, he and Harold Ftairfax would meet once moroi He was coming back, disty, ti'vol stained, and nweamy, with no money, n'o prospects, just as he had prophesied he would be,. yet his heart was full of untold joy. CHAPTER XXrV. l?R.IES INDEED. " A friend'loveth at all.times." \-- PnovErns. Harold Fairfax had just bome in, and was standing at his study window, which looked to the .front of the house. The room, damp and depres sing at the best of times, was now deplorably untidy, and forlorn. The grato was full of burnt.out ashes, the fire was out, the lamp was not lit, and the faded carpet was strewn with torn-up lotters and scraps of paper. One gutterinig dip candle was placed on a little table by the wall, but it'only made the ' darkness visiblo,' and the discomfort more apparent. In the adjoining room, three boys (solo romnant of the onco-promising and loudly-vaunted Grange School!) could b0 heard gabbling over their lessons for the next day, while the wails of tihe now baby, the peevish cries bof little Claude, and the loud shouts of unruly Huport came fProm a room off lthe stairs, which had been hastily turned into an impromptu nursory. -arold bout his head down over his closed arims; eve:n his hopeful spirit was daunted for the time, oven he could not find a.silver lining to these appalling clouds which had darkened his horizon. 'It is no use for me to try,' he sighed; 'no matter how hard I work, everything goes against me.' Was that white, haggard face, with the sunken eyes and deep lines, the face of cheery, boeaming Harold Fair fax ? Yes! even so. The sound of a step coming along the drifted heaps of fallen loaves which strewed the avenue, was so dulled by the damp, that he did not hear it. He had left the front door open, and now, as he lifted his eyes, he saw, standing in the study door way, a tall stalwartfigure ! He stared at it blankly. Could the flickering light deceive him? Was this Ricardo's ghost come to demand an account of the confided money-or -or was it the living man? Was it Ricardo himself standing in actual flesh and blood before him-not dead \--not a pale shadow; but a breathing, vigorous, animated form ? ' Why, Harold, old fellow!' cried Ribardo's loud cheery voice, 'how is this? I really believe you don't half know me.' 'it isyou-your very self!' cried Harold, eagerly grasping Ricardo's outstretched hand. ' How... when .. . where did you come from ?' 'Did you give me up altogether as quite lost ?' 'I couldn't help it,' said Harold, colouring. 'The letters that I wrote to you repeatedly were all returned to me through the Dead Letter.Office, and just before your poor father's death .-..' 'Ah! yes. What then?' 'A man called on him to say that you had been murdered by some natives on a littleisland in the Pacific Ocean.' 'I know who it was. Jackson, wasn't it? No wonder he and the othellrs thought it had. been the case if they returned and found no trace of me.' 'I never heard the name. Every thling was in such a commotion just then, for your father never recbvered the shock, and died almost immedi ately.' 'M y poor father! Was it then the business failed ?' 'Just about that time. He knew the failure was coming.' 'Two such blows were enough to kill him. And now, Fairfax, I must tell you my story.' 'Not, certainly, till you get some thing to eat, and have a comfortable fire to sit down by.' 'Oh! I have rested already,' he answered, smiling. 'I have been at 'The Grange.. Iwent there first to look for you.' 'Did you ? Did you see anybody ?' 'qOh! yes. I saw Miss Dorothy your-sister-in-law.' ' Dot! Oh! you saw her, did you ?' ' Yes; she brought me in, and made me have some tea with her.' ' She is a kind- hearted little crea ture,' said Harold, carelessly. 'Kind-hearted!' repeated licardo. 'She is ever so much more than that.' It.seemed to him as if Harold were giving her very faint praise indeed; but Harold was now on 'hospitable cares,' intent, and did not stop to discuss his sister-in-law's varied oex cellences. A hugo fire must be lit in the dining room, and a supper of the best the house could afford-cold beef, salad, and roasted potatoes-must be laid out by the old woman who acted as general factotum. It was in vain for her to grumble that she had no place to put the now gentleman; Harold would give up his own bed to Ricardo, and sleep in the room with the boys. So things wore satisfac torily arranged, and the two friends were presently seated opposite to one another. Harold talked fast, and was even more restless than usual. He knew and dreaded what was cornm-. ing. 'WVhen they had discussed their supper, licardo drew his chair closer to the fire, and related all that had happened to him during his five years' wanderings by sea and land. 'So now my mysterious silence is all explained,' he said, as he con cluded. 'I cannot tell you how often, how eagerly, I longed to hear news from home; but I was shut out from everything. Sometimes sur rounded by the melancholy ocean,. the only living sound the shrill cries of the sea birds or the plash of the sharks; and sometimes roused from a hasty sleep by the wild whoops of the natives as they returned from their murderous raids. But my stay with them may have been some use, after all. I may have civilised them a little, and taught them something of God and their own souls. After . that the ice-bound winter, with death staring me again in the face under another form-how can .I describe the horrors of it? But it is all over now. You laughed at me, Fairfax, when I said, before I started, that I might return to find myself homeless and penniless; but this is really my state at present. The once flourishing business of licardo and Son is now remembered only as a tradition. If it wasn't for that £20,000 which I left with you, what should I do ?' Harold groaned and turned away his head. ' What is thl matter, old fellow ?' asked Ricardo. 'Don't mind telling me. Is it lost ?' 'No-not lost,' faltered Harold; but you know you said if I was in want of money I might borrow from it; and so I did, fully intending God is my witness-to pay it back. Then, when the news of your death came, I began to look upon the money more as my own, for you said that in case anything happened to you, it would be mine absolutely. So things went on; expenses crowded on me; I ombarked in this unfortunate school, and a few months ago I thought I might make something by investing a few hundreds in a Cornish mine, which promised great things, but which hIas never paid a single penny. Oh, Ricardo ! what will you think of me? What will you say to me ?' 'Nothing,' answered Ricardo promptly; ' it was very natural under the circumstances. Is anything left?' 'Oh, yes!' but I fear quite half-has been swallowed up. Yet I will-I will repay it in time, if God will only give me strength and courage to wea ther out this storm.' ' My dear Fairfax,' cried Ricardo, grasping his hand, ' do you think I could be hard upon you when your wife is so ill, and difficulties are press ing you down ? God forbid! I should be no friend if I could be like that.' ' Friend ! there never was such a friend,' answered Harold. ' You will not even reproach me, though-' he stopped short, words failed, and his voice broke down completely. 'Ai cardo,' he stammered, after a painful pause, 'do say something hard to me; do reproach me a little; do say that I have been thoughtless, imprudent, unworthy of the trust you confided to me. Do strilke, and strike hard too; I deserve it.' 'No, I will do nothing of the sort,' replied Ricardo, warmly, 'because I don't think it would be just. You, in common with everybody else, be lieved that I was dead; then the money was yours, and you might do as you pleased with it. I-I think,' he said, with a pathetic smile, 'that I did wrong to come back as I did except-'. . ' No, no!' interrupted Harold. 'I believe your coming back is the best thing that could have hap pened to me. So long as.I had that money it tempted me into extrava gance, which I should never have thought of otherwise. No, licardo; I rejoice--I thank God that you have come back; it makes a new man of me. To- morrow I will gather up all that remains of the £20,000 -I expect about half- and deposit it in your hands.' 'And then ?' inquired Ricardo. 'Then I must only wait, like Mr. Micawber, for something to turn up. My excellent brother- in-law, Mr. Ellison, prophesied once that I would end my days in the workhouse. I hope not-not, at any rate, till I have paid off this dreadful debt to you, which will now lie like a crush ing weight on my conscience.' 'Don't speak of that,' cried Ricardo, impatiently; 'I never want to hear of it again. But let us look at our pros peets-for I consider yours and mine as one- calmly in the face. We have £10,000 you say.' ' Yes, about that,' answered Harold, 'perhaps a little more.' ' Well, supposing Mrs. Fairfax and the boys recover, wouldn't your best plan be to give up the school and get rid of The Grange.' 'I don't think I could find anyone to take it off my hands,' said Harold. ' I took it for thirty years, at £100 a year; but there has been such a panic about this fever that I am sure no one would give me any thing like that,' ' You could find a tenant for the fields, I suppose ?' 'Yes, I might; but Irish land has gone down very much, oven in the last few months. 'And then the cows and the horse; you could get something for them.' 'Very little,' said Harold, colouring. ' I find, to my cost, that when I buy, I have to give a good price, but when I -sell, I get next to nothing.' '?VWell, we can only colleoot all we can together, formIreally think, Harold you and I would do better in a new country. You could set up a school under better auspices than at Truagh, and'I could buy a rancho at Texas, or try orange-growing at Florida, for I want to make my fortune.' 'You!' cried Harold, looking at his friend in amazoment, 'that is some thing new.' 'Yes!' answered licardo, ' every thing seems new to me. To-day, for the first time in my life, I have fallen in love.' 'Not with one of the nurses ?' 'No, with Miss Dorothy -with your sister-in-law. She is the only woman I ever wished to make my wife.' 'Strange !' repeated Harold. 'I often thought that you and she would be suited to one another.' ' 8o well suited that I am convinced we were created for one another. I am not sorry that some of this money is not forthcoming, because now I must work harder for her. Love gives a dignity to work that it would not have otherwise.' 'But Alice, my wife,' said Harold; 'we must think of her, poor faithful darling. The doctor says it may be months and months before she is quite well.' 'And it will probably be imonths and months before we are ready to start,' said Rlicardo. ' Yes,' answered Harold, more hope fully; 'and to-day there was a letter from Theresa Ellison, her sister, a very kind letter, I will say that, offering to take a house at Glengariff for the win ter and bring my poor Alice there as soon as she is able to be moved. She might quite recover her strength in that soft climate.' 'Certainly she might,' said Ricardo. ' Oh ! never fear, there are indefinite possibilities in life, and I never felt so moro than to-day.' So the two friends sat chatting over the fire till the small hours. What difference there was between the Harold Fairfax who had stood at the study window that evening, dispirited and wretched, and the Harold Fairfax who went to bed, weary, but hopeful, at two o'clock in the morning. A g eat burden had been rolled away from his shoulders. Ricardo knew the worst now, and was still his friend. Again the world opened before him, again he looked eagerly into the future. (To be continued). 