THE STORYTELLER. THE STORY OF A MONSTER. CHAPTER II. On the birth of a second son, my junior , Ten years, my parents fixed them by selves in their native country. We po* sessed a house in Geneva, and a campagne on Belrive, the eastern shore of the lake, at the distance of rather more than a league from the city. We resided principally in the latter, and the lives of my parents were passed in considerable seclusion. It was my temper to avoid a crowd, and to attach myself fervently to a few. I was indifferent, therefore, to my (schoolfellows in general; but I united myself in the bonds of the closest friendship to one among them. Henry Clerval was the son of a merchant of Geneva. He was a boy of singular talent and fancy. He loved enterprise, hardship, and even danger, for its own sake. He was deeply read in books of chivalry and romance. He composed heroic songs, and began to write many a tale of enchantment and knightly adventure. He tried to make us act plays, and to enter info masquerades, in which the characters were diawn from the heroes of Roncesvalles, of the Round Table of King Arthur, and the chivalrous train who shed their blood to redeem the holy sepulchre from the bands of the infidels. No human being could have passed a happier childhood than myself. My parents were possessed by the very spirit of kindness and indulgence. We felt that they were not the tyrants to rule our lot according to their caprice, but the agents and creators of all the many delights which we enjoyed. When I mingled with other families, I distinctly discerned how peculiarly fortunate my lot was, and gratitude assisted the development of filial love. My temper was somewhat violent, and passions vehement; but by some law in my temperature they were turned, not towards childish pursuits, but to an eager desire to learn, and not to learn all things indiscriminately. I confcss that neither the structure of the languages, nor the code ef governments, nor the politics of various states, possessed attractions for me. It was the secrets of heaven and earth that I desired to learn ; and whether it was the outward substance of things, or the inner spirit of nature and the mysterious soul of man that occupied me, still my inquiries were directed to the metaphysical, or, in its highest sense, the physical secrets of the world. Meanwhile Clerval occupied himself, so to speak, with the moral relations of things busy stage of life, the virtues of heroes, and the actions of men, were his theme: and his hope and his dream was to become one among those whose names are recorded in fi tory, as the gallant and adventurous benefactors of our species. The saintly S f ®, 2 abeth shone like a shrinejedica ed lamp in our peaceful home. Her sympathy was ours; her smile, her soft 2laDoe of he ™ r celestial eyes, 6 Z Z Y t 0 We88 ftnd w 8pirit of love t and TJY 0 *°ften 1 * have become sullen Tt„ y \ r ° ngh throu <? h Ae ardour of •Lh ' ? Ut th8t 8be Wfl8 th^ to 7 me to a semblance of her own And 5, T Clerval—oould aught m 8 P' r 't Clerval ?—- yet us might not have been so nerfeetlv ^ BeOSTR 8^13TENDERNE8 «f benefit to , him a the reaI ^eliness the end a^g^^A • Bla ^oing good of h,B 80an n g ambition. T fflo1 0*'Sffl? 8 f' e r rein doling on and into doomv l^ ° f exteneive usefulness refle -f. ^ c tion 8 upon the Nearly day ' V P^ure of "which led T' a l !° reoor<i those events We of miserly to my after lo t myself w tt ^ 1 account ^ic hafcerwai of that passion, like a m! ^ ^ Satiny, I find ,D^«it procX V? aMe8 '' b «t, swellb ^^in i S i e came the torrent, T 8 and 8wept awa y a11 my a » the genius that 1 deBIr > narratio/^i e . therefore, When I was thirteen years of Bge, we all went on a party of pleasure to the baths near Thonon; the inclemency of the weather obliged us to remain a day confined to the inn. In this house I chanced to find a volume of the works of Cornelius Agrippa. I opened it with apathy; the theory which he attempts to demonstrate, and the wonderful facts which he relates, soon changed this feeling into enthusiasm. A nbw light seemed to dawn upon my mind; and, bounding with joy, I communicated my discovery to my father. My tather looked carelessly at the title-page of my book, and said, "Ah! Cornelius Agrippa I My dear Victor, do not waste your time upon this; it is sad trash." If, instead of this remark, my father had taken the pains to explain to me that tha principle of Agrippa had been entirely exploded, and that a modern system of science had been introduced, which possessed much greater powers than the ancient, because the powers of the latter were chimerical, while those of the former were real and practical; under such circumstances I should certainly have thrown Agrippa ^ aside, and have contented my imagination, warmed as it was, by returning with greater ardour to my former studies. It is even possible that the train of my ideas would never have received the fatal impulse that led to my ruin. But the cursory glance my father had taken of my volume by no means assured me that he was acquainted with its contents; and I continued to rea<l with the greatest avidity. When I returned home, my first care was to procure the whole works of this author, and afterwards of Paracelsus and Albertus _1U8. I read and studied the wild fancies of these writers with delight; they appeared to me treasures known to few beside myself. I have described myself as always having been embued with a fervent longing to penetrate the secrets of nature. In spite of the intense labor and wonderful discoveries of modern philosophers, I si ways came from my studies discontented and unsatisfied. Sir Isaac Newton is said to have avowed that he felt like a child picking up shells beside the great and an explored ocean of truth. Those of his successors in each branch of natural philosophy with whom I was acquainted, appeared, even to my boyish apprehensions, as tyros engaged in the same pursuit. The untaught peasant beheld the ele ments around him, and was acquainted with their practical uBes. The most learned philosopher knew little more. He had partially unveiled the face of Nature, but her immortal lineaments were still a wonder and a mystery. He might dissect, anatomise, and give names; but, not to speak of a final cause, causes in their secondary and tertiary grades were utterly unknown to him. I had gazed upon the fortifications and impediments that seemed to keep human beings from entering the citadel of nature, and rashly and igoorantly I had repined. Bat here were books, and here were men who had penetrated deeper and knew more. I took their word for all that they averred, and I became their disciple. It may appear strange that such should arise in the eighteenth century; but while I followed the routine of education iu the schools of Geneva, I was, to a great de gree, self taught with regard to my favorite studies. My father Was not scientific, and I was left to struggle with a child's blindness, added to a student's thirst for knowledge. Under the guidance of my new preceptors, I entered with the greatest dili- gence into the search of the philosopher's stone and the elixir of life; but the latter soon obtained my undivided attention. Wealth was an inferior object; but what glory would attend the discovery, if I could banii-h disease from the human frame, and render man invulnerable to any but a violent death I Nor were these my only visions. The raising of ghosts or devils was a promise liberally accorded ty my favorite authors, the fulfilment of which I most eagerly sought; and if my incantations were always unsuccessful, I attributed the failure rather to my own inexperience and mistake, than to a want of skill or fidelity in my instructors. And thus for a time I was occupied by exploded systems, mingling, like an unadept, a thousand contradictory theories, and floundering desperately in a very slough of multifarious knowledge, guided by an ardent imagination ana childish reasoning, till an accident again changed the current of my ideas. CHAPTER IIL When I had attained the age of seventeen, my parents resolved that J. should become a student at the university of Ingolstadt. I hid hitherto attended the schools of Geneva; but my father thought it necessary for the completion of my education, that I should be made acquainted with other customs than those of my native country. My departure was therefore fixed at an early date; but, before the day resolved upon could arrive, the first misfortune of my life occurred—an omen, as it were, of my future misery. Elizabeth had caught the scarlet fever; her illness was severe, and she was in the greatest danger. During her illness, many arguments had been urged to persuade my mother to refrain from attending upon her. She had, at first, yielded to our entreaties; but when she heard that the life of her favorite was menaced, she could no longer control her anxiety. Sho attended her sick bed—her watchful attentions triumphed over the malignity of the distemper- Elizabeth was saved, but the consequences of this imprudence were fatal to her preserver. On the third day my mother sickened; her fever was accompanied by the most alarming symptoms, and the looks of her medical attendants prognosticated the worst event. On her death-bed the fortitude and banignity of thi3 best of women did not desert her. She joined the hands of Elizabeth and myself—"My children," Bhe said, " my firmest hopes of future happiness were placed on the prospect of your union. This expectation will now be the consolation of your father. Elizabeth, my love, you must supply my place to my younger children. Alas! I regret that I am taken from you; and, bappy and beloved as I have been, is it not bard to quit you all ? But these are not thoughts befitting me; I will endeavor to resign myself cheerfully to death, and will indulge a hope of meeting you in another world." She died ealmly; and her countenance expressed affection even in death. I need not describe the feelings of those whose dearest ties are rent by that most irreparable evil; the void that presents itself to the soul; and the despair that is exhibited on the countenance. It is so long before the mind can persuade itself that she, whom we saw every day, and whose very existence seemed a part of our own, can have departed for ever—that the brightness of a beloved eye can have been extinguished, and the sound of a voice so familiar, and dear to the ear, can be hashed, never more to be heard. These are the reflections of the firet days; but when the lapse of time proves the reality of the evil, then the actual bitterness of grief com mencea. My departure for Ingolstadt, which hid been deferred by these events, was now again determined upon. I obtained from my father a respite of some weeks. It ap peared to me saorilege so soon to leave the repose, akin to death, of the bouse of mourning and to rush into the thick of life. I was new to sorrow, but it did not the less alarm nu\ I was unwilling to quit the sight of those that remained to me ; and, above all, I desired to see my sweet Elizabeth in some degree consoled. She indeed veiled her grief, and strove to act the comforter to us all She looked steadily on life, and assumed its duties with courage and zeal. She devoted herself to those whom she had been taught to call her uncle and cousins. Never was she so enchanting at this time, when she recalled the sunshine of her smiles and spent them upon as. She forgot even her own regret in her endeavors to make us forget. The day of my departure at length arrived. Clerval spent the last evening with us. He had endeavored to persuade his father to permit him to accompany me, and to become my fellow-student; but in vain His father was a narrow-minded trader, and saw idleness and ruin in the aspirations and ambition of his son. Henry deeply felt the misfortune of being debarred from a liberal education. He said little; but when he spoke, I read in his kindling eye and in his animated glance a restrained but firm resolve, not to be chained to the miserable details of commerce. I threw myself into the chaise that was to convey me away, and indulged in the most melancholy reflections. I, who bad ever been surrounded by amiable companions, continually eDgaged in endeavoring to bestow mutual pleasure, I was now alone. In the university, whither I was going, I must form my own friends, and be my own protector. My life had hitherto been remarkably secluded and domestic; and this had given me invincible repugnance to new countenances. I loved my brothers, Elizabeth and Clerval; these werq « old familiar faoee f but I believed myself totally unfitted for the company of strangers. Such were my reflections as I commenced my journey; but as I proceded, my spirits and hopes rose. I ardeDtly desired the acquisition of knowledge. I had often, when at home, thought it hard to remain during my youth cooped up in one place, and had longed to enter the world, and take my station among other human beings. Now my desires were complied with, and it would, indeed, have been lolly to repent. I had sufficient leisure for these and many other reflections during my journey to Ingolstadt, which was long and fatiguing. At length the high white steeple of the town met my eyes. I a'iglited, and was conducted to my solitary np^tmeiK, to spend the evening as I plens. d The next morning I dplm.ru! my letters of introduction, and pai l a vi-it to some of the principal professors. Ciancc—-or rather the evil influence, the Angel of Destruction, which asserted omnipotent sway over me from t,he moment I turned my reluctant steps f, 0m my father's door led me firdfc to M. K'-empe, professor of natural philosophy. He was an uncouth man, but deeply embued in the secrets of his science. He asked iue «eveial questions concerning my process i a the different branches of sci-nce appertaining to natural philosophy. I r plied carelessly; and, partly in contempt, mentioned the names of my alchymists as the principal authors I had studied. The professor stared. "Have you," he said, "really spent your time in studying such nonsense ?" I replied in the affirmative. "Every minute," continued M. Krempe with warmth, "every instant thit you have wasted on these books is utterly and entirely losf. You have burdened your memory will exploded systems and useless names. Good God! in what desert land have you lived, where no one was kind enough to inform you that these fancies, which you have so greedily imbibed, are a thousand years old, and as musty as they are ancient? I little expected, in this enlightened and scientific age, to find a disciple of Albertus Magnus and Paracelsus. My dear sir, you must begin your studies entirely anew.": So saying, he stepped aside, and wrote down a list of several books treating ot natural philosophy, which he desired me to procure; and dismissed me, after mentioning that in the beginning of the folio .ring week he intended to commence a course of lectures upon natural philosophy in its general relations, and that M. Waldman, a fellow-professor, would lecture upon chemistry the alternate days that he omitted. I returned home, not disappointed, for I have said that I had long considered those authors useless whom the professor reprobated ; but I returned, not at all the more inclined to recur to these studies in any shape. M. Krempe was a litt'e squat man, with a gruff voice, and a repulsive countenance ; the teacher, therefore, did not prepossess me in favor of his pursuits. In rather a too philosophical and connected a strain, perhaps, I have given an account of ihe conclusions I had come to concerning them in my early years. As a child I had not been content with the results promised by the modern professors of natural science. With a confusion of ideas only to be accounted for by my extreme youth, and my want of a guide on such matters, I had retrod the steps of knowledge along the paths of time, and exchanged the discoveries of recent inquirers for the dreams of forgotten alcbymists. Besides, I had a contempt for the uses of modern natural philosophy. It was very different when the masters of the science sought immortality and power; such views, although futile, were grand; but now the ecene was changed. The ambition of the inquirer seemed to limit ilself to the annihilation of those visions on which my interest in science was chiefly founded. I vfaa required to exchange chimeras of boundkes grandeur for realities of little worth* Such were my reflections during the first two or three days of my residence at Ingolstadt, which were chiefly spent in becoming acquainted with the localities, and the principal residents in my new abode. > But as the ensuing week commenced, I thought of the information which M. Kvempe tal given me concerning the lectures. And although I could not consent to go and hear that little conceited fellow deliver sentences out of a pulpit, I recollected what he had said of M. Waldman, whom I bad never seen, as he had hitherto been out of towa. J?«rtly from curiosity ard partly fron* idleness, I went into the lecturing room, which M. Waldman entered shortly after. This professor was very unlike his colleague. He appeared about fifty years of age, but with an aspeot expressive of the greatest benevolence; a few grey hairs covered his temples, but those at the back of his head were nearly black. His person was short, but remarkably erect; and his voice the sweetest I had ever heard. He began bis lecture by a recapitulation of the historp of chemistry, and the various improvements made by different men of learning, pronouncing with fervor the names of the most distinguished discoverers. He then took a cursory view of the present state of the science, and explained many of its elementary terms. After having made a few preparatory experiments he concluded with a panegyric upon modern chemistry, the terms of which I shall never forget:— " The ancient teachers of this science," said he, " promised impossibilities and performed nothing. The modern masters promise very little; they know that metals cannot be transmuted, and that the elixir of life is a chimera. But those philosophers, whose hands seem only made to dabble in dirt, and tbeir eyes to pore over the microscope or crucible, have indeed performed miracles. They penetrate into the recesses of nature, and show how she works in ber hiding places. They ascend into the heavens; they have discovered how the blood circulates, and the nature of the air we breathe. They have acquired imw and almost unlimited powers; they can command the thunders of heaven, mimic the earthquake, and even mock the invisible world with its own shadows." Such were the professor's words—rather let me say such the words of fate, enounced to destroy me. As he went on, I felt as if my soul were grappling with a palpable enemy ; one by one the various keys were touched which formed the mechanism of my being ; chord after chord was sounded, and soon my mind was filled with one thought, one conception, one purpose. Bo much has been done, exclaimed the soul of Frankenstein — more, far more, will I achieve; treading in the steps already marked, I will pioneer a new way, explore unknown powers, and unfold to the world the deepest mysteries of creation. I closed not my eyes that night. My internal being was in a state of insurrection and turmoil ; I felt that order would thence arise, but I hid no power to produce it. By degrees, after the morning's dawn sleep came. I awoke, and my yesternight's thoughts were as a dream. There only remained a resolution to return to my ancient studies, and to devote myself to a science for which I believed myself to possess a natural talent. On the same day I paid M. Waldman a visit. His manners in private were even more mild and attractive than in public ; for there was a certain dignity in his mien during his lecture, which in his own house was replaced by the greatest affability and kindness. J gave him pretty nearly the same account of my former pursuits ai I had given to his fellow-professor He heard with attention the little narration concerning my studies, and smiled at the names of Cornelius Agrippa and Paracelsus, bnt without the contempt that M. Krempe had exhibited. He said that" these were men to whose indefatigable zeal modern philosophers were indebted for most of the foundations of their knowledge. They had left to us, as an easier task, to give new names, and arrange in connected classifications, the facts which they in a great degree had been the instru ments of bringing to light. The labors of men of genius, however erroneously directed, scarcely ever fail in ultimately turning to the solid advantage of mankind." I listened to his statement, whioh was delivered without any presumption or affectation ; and then added, that his lecture had removed my prejudices against modern chemists; I expressed myself in measured totais, with the modesty and deference due from a youth to his instructor, without lotting escape (inexperience in life would have made me ashamed) any of the enthusiasm which stimulated my intended labors. I requested his advice concerning the books I ought to procure. •« I am happy," said M. Waldman, «to hafce gained a disciple; and if your application equals your ability, I have no doubt of your success. Chemistry is that branch of natural philosophy in which the greatest improvements have been and may be made • it is on that account that I have made it my peculiar study; but at the same time I have not neglected the other branches of science, A iinan would make bat a very sorry ohemist if be attended to that de' partment of human knowledge alone, your wish is to become really a man science, and not merely a petty experi mentalist, I should advise you to apply to every branch of natural philosophy, in' eluding mathematics." He then took me into his laboratory, and explained to me the uses of his various machines; instructing me as to what ought to procure, and promising me the use of his own when I should have ad vanced far enough in the science not to derange their mechanism. He also gave me the list of books which I had requested and I took my leave. Thus ended a day memorable to me; it decided my future destiny. (To be continued.) 