AT A FRENCH BABY FARM, We did not keep it. I mention this detail as a slight voucher of respectability. But we were deeply interested in its management after the first shock of discovery. I say shock advisedly, for we were entrapped into our ill-reputed quarters unawares, and it required some nerve to stick to our colours and view calmly the field of investiga- tion so unexpectedly afforded us. Charmes-le-Roi, at an easy distance from Paris, had a reputation for pottery and romance. The pottery was of the present day, much prized by connoisseurs for its ma- jolica tints. The romance was of the past, but its evidences remained in the form of a ruined castle, associated with the names of a dissipated Bourbon royalty and a lady of more beauty than coyness. Here was pabulum for the mind artistic ; we had sundry visions of dreamy wanderings amid grass-grown gardens and mossy ruins, and the amours of the past were to inspire my artist brother for the next Salon. We had also reckoned on irregular farm buildings, and saw instead a whitewashed, essentially modern, home standing in a painfully straight vegetable garden. But our rooms were clean, our hostess was cheery, and the only suggestion of dis- comfort lay in a group of babies sprawling over the kitchen table as we passed through. Three babies, apparently all of an age. I looked at the landlady in consternation: "You have an un- usually large family?" "Not at all; only one of my own ; but I love children, and often take charge of my neighbours'." Next morning the neighbours' babies had multi- plied. Looking out of window I spied four squatting on the gravel ; on opening my door I found another trying hard to break its neck on the stairs; the landlady came up to see about our coffee with one on each arm ; my brother, prowl- ing downstairs for shaving- water, nearly scalded an eighth ; turn where you would you were always stumbling over some poor little morsel just beginning to crawl, and extremely nervous when trodden on. Was there a baby epidemic in the place, or was our landlady afflicted with babyo- latry ? Only on the second day, at sight of a row of cradles behind an open door, did the truth dawn upon us. By that time, however, the infant St. John had been discovered. Moreover, our curiosity was excited. So we stayed and made the best of it. It was by no means a bad best. The children, on the whole, made far less noise than a fourth of their number in an average, well- regulated household. This one was by no means well regulated ; meals seemed to go on at intervals in erratic fashion ; mud-pies were a recognised form of dissipation, and the pie makers were not particular as to where they exer- cised their art ; "Maman Martin's " voice was to be heard in perpetual high-pitched remonstrance, and the idiot maid-of-all-work uttered frequent howls of defiance. But there were compensations. The little garments, often patched and shabby, were as clean as is consistent with childish happi- ness ; the babies gravely sucked up their panade as if they enjoyed a placid digestion ; the dirt on the floors was but "top-dirt," scrubbed away every morning ; and when Maman's voice was not high- pitched in wrath it broke out in song, sweet, pure, and rich — a voice which had secured for its owner offers of an artistic career in her girlish days. " Mais quoi." she remarked shyly, "I might have gone wrong and been of ill repute ; the stage has its dangers ; so I thought it better to marry my man and bear him chil- dren." "But these happen to be othor people's chil- dren," I objected. "En, yes ; mine died, all but one, and I missed them, so I thought this as good a way of making money as another, and the marmots might be worse off. Ah, you screamer, there, will you eat your soup in peace?" As I watched the screamer attentively it struck me that the children might easily have been worse off. This one in particular bore signs of inherited disease, which in a vitiated city atmosphere would have taken malignant form. The Maman's prices were low, and the little ones presumably came from the poorer quarters of Paris, from homes — by the way, had they homes? I looked at Maman. "Are any of them illegitimate?" "About half," she answered coolly, blowing on the hot soup. "Servant girls mostly. I prefer those, they are the most regular payments. Some- times the mother is a nourrice, then money is plentiful with her; sometimes she is out of place, picking up odd jobs and hard-pinched, but in either case I am pretty sure of my money. Seems as if they wanted to make up to the child for having brought it into the world. The married parents are not so particular. Oh, I daresay you'll see most of them at my little Sunday dinners ; there are fine goings on then, dancing and singing." "The unmarried ones don't surely come ? " "Why not? who's to know? They're all Madame here, and their children are sometimes the pick of the lot ; look at that little fellow there in monsieur's arms ; he might be modelled in wax!" And she pointed proudly to the infant Bacchus whom my brother was wreathing with vine leaves preparatory to a sketch. "His mother is a fresh young peasant girl who got into bad company six mouths after arriving in Paris, et voilà. Any woman might be proud of that child. Now look at this sickly little thing. His parents are married right enough ; but the father works in a stuffy tailor's shop ; the mother, with no stamina is all day in a stifling atelier. How can you expect the poor baby to have a constitution ? Ah, people don't realise all the difference the country air makes in life." "And how long do you keep them ? They seem to be of all ages." She laughed. "Until they are taken from me. Sometimes they are never taken-or paid for-and then it's a hard fit, but I keep them. Look at Gabrielle there ; I have had her 12 years, and she has grown very useful to me now. Her father comes to see her about once a year, and compli- ments me on the admirable training I have given her, and that is all. Some day he will marry again, and bring me Gabrielle's little brothers and sisters on the same terms. Oh, he's not the only one, but somehow I pull along. Hi, Gabrielle! see why number nine is yelling." If Maman Martin on weekdays, singing and scolding, was in her element, on Sundays, cooking and smiling, she was in her glory. In the early hours the feast-day announced itself with an aroma of ragouts and fricandeaux, with a sug- gestion of pot-au-feu and tripes à la motte de Caen. The children were left until 12 o'clock in a beatific state of unwash ; then a generally sloppy atmo- sphere, a pervading air of bustle, and divers in- furiated squeals proclaimed the fact that ablutions were going on on an extraordinary scale, and pre- sently the entire colony emerged in clean prints, tidy caps, and, when old enough, well-brushed black trousers-worn indiscriminately by boys and girls. At this juncture the company arrived — a motley company, some evidently prosperous, others as evidently hard up, but all neat, well brushed, with smiling faces bent on pleasure. "Take your seats in the baignoire," quoth Maman, with her vein of humour, on the first occasion, "it will be as good as a comedy to you." So we installed ourselves at an upper window and watched the players, who were no whit disturbed by our observant eyes. A merry meal it was, laid out on narrow tables in the roomy if unromantic garden. Civilities were exchanged before the soup, jokes preceeded the ragout, and before the advent of the fricandeau hurdy-gurdy man had put in his appearance, and the entire table was facilitating digestion by means of an impromptu polka. " Ah c'te jeunesse," murmured Mamam, who had run up to see how we were enjoying ourselves ; c'te jeunesse, does it amuse itself? There's Gabrielle's father come to-day, a fine man, quoi?" He was evidently the grand seigneur of the party, with the air of a shabby commercial traveller, and he addressed Gabrielle with that condescending pat- ronage noticeable in parents who never bestow anything else on their children. "There's Melanie's father, too," proceeded Maman. "I suppose I must keep her myself now he's giving it up." Betwixt wolf and dog, as the French term the twilight, we had a concert whereat the elder children sang love ditties and their parents chimed in. The babies had meanwhile been put to bed, and slept through the din with suspicious per- tinacity. The love songs over, the marmaille was hurried off with the parting noisy recommenda- tion, "Be sure to say your prayers properly or the devil will catch you." Then came a jingle of silver. The company was paying for its dinner, and Sunday festivities were over. My brother's baby pictures were a feature of the next year's Salon. One in particular, "Eu Nourrice," with its roomful of sprawling infants, drew crowds. "Where on earth does d'Auvergne get his models ? " a rival asked me, "I never see such babies." I laughed. We did not enlighten everyone about the romance of our baby farm. But I have thought of that baby farm lately, when a public scandal has forced the question upon our notice. It is impossible any longer to blink the fact that baby farms are a necessary evil. The point is, can we, from that evil, gene- rate an outcome of good ? Can we so revolutionise the social aspect of baby-farming as to make it a possible profession for respectable, maternal- hearted women, who shall aim, not at destroying, but at saving infant life; women whose moral and physical care shall partially counteract the evil influences under which many a little helpless babe is born into the world. This is a matter for society, not for paternal government ; no laws, inspections, or penalties, will help the babies so long as society decree that they shall be born under a curse, and that the best thing that can happen to them is to be speedily blotted out. At present the wretched infant who presumes to enter upon life without legal permit is a valueless piece of contraband goods for which no receiver cares. The luckless mother, brought to bay by anxiety, remorse, the stigma of her sex, is only too thank- ful to turn her little scapegoat under the first rock that will shelter it. She dare not be over-fasti- dious as to its fate, knowing well that not one self-respecting woman in a thousand will take it in ; lucky indeed if, in her misery, she does not connive at the low profits and quick returns of average baby farming. Yet there are hundreds of lonely kindly women, with unsatisfied motherly instincts, who would gladly care for the un wel- come little ones if such caring did not involve social ostracism. The homeless babies are there. It is useless to discuss the morality of their exist- ence. We have to accept the fact — a fact which in the present state of society seems likely to be indisputable for some time to come. Being there, they have an un- doubted right to go on living, a right to be decently housed and fed, and if possible loved. Why should we set our faces and steel our hearts against the wholesome, respectable country home where tho poor wastrel, brought up in pure air amid clean surroundings may get a chance of remedying the injury inflicted on him at birth. Not ouly the waif would be the gainer ; many a married mother, forced by stress of poverty to neglect her home duties, would thankfully lodge her puny child in quarters where it would exchange the narrow street and the gutter for bush gullies and wild flowers. Nor need the " baby farm " always be in the country, away from tho mother's eye. In New York, where they have learned to face social problems, there is a foundling hospital with dis- tinctive features. There, the mother in whose heart affection is not dead may still keep up the bond between herself and ber child. There, she may continue to cherish her own nursling on sole condition of helping in the general labour of love, and acting as mothor to some other aban- doned infant. With the secrecy of her mother- hood no longer preying upon her, the link between horself and her child cemented by a natural tie, something to live for, work for, and cherish openly, the woman's self-respect is restored, and the proba- bilities are all in favour of her being protected from further shame by the strong shield of her maternal love. We manage things differently ; we hound the mother down to infamy and the infant to the shambles. The murderess in nurse's garb is a thing of our own creation. It depends on us for the race to become extinct. Will no fathers and mothers arise to save the little homeless babies from the sorrow and suffering for which they are in no wise responsible ? In those days of organisation will no one be found to organise model baby farms? One institution of the kind, indeed, exists but it is a luxurious charity ; whereas the true baby farm ought to be unpretentious and self-supporting. Day by day the press reveals some new infanticide horror. The ghosts of the murdered babies cry to us in this land where, every Sunday, thousands pray aloud to One who was the friend of publicans and sinners, and who classed the little children as of the kingdom of heaven. On week days we join hands with the Pharaohs and Herods in treating the innocents as of the kingdom of hell. R. DE B. 