A NEW FASHION IN GHOSTS. At a time when we begin to realize that \- science, philosophy, even theology, have Lai their phantoms and goblins that van ished at the dawn and the cock- crowing of wtdtee,it w entertaining to see Afferent form superstition itself has nhoste £1® 13 a fashion in ghostB. The old-fashioned ghosts of ftlwft?.6' i ri j'i"1®'' wMte figments, who HtnSw » ? ""V16 wafers of Frank Stockton s stones will remember the diffi- onlfcy with whioh the hobgoblin who in- Iifn? yi. Bvlp?ed' kePfc Btep with the g¥od ?when th«y went for a walk together— and who solemnly waved their fiandg for adieu when they disappeared through barred and bolted doors, or van- Mbed in open space, are lost to ns forever. The inscrutable etiquette of No Man's Land, that twilight wonderland, has been rndely overturned. A skeptical young friend of Dune once suggested that the characteristics of its code— perfea t nolselessnsss of en trance and exit, snbdned step and demeanor, sildnoG until sddrepsed— cavorod too much of departed butlers or the shades of gentle men's gentlemen.' Bnt, however this may to, all is changed, and ' motley's onr only wear/ In the late developments of the societies for psychical research we see not even butlers and valets bnt a lower set, presumably kitchen menials from their habits, or, at the best, the tramps and downs of tbe spirit- world. Soienoe has dealt the lait b'ow to onr glider and vanisher, onr ghost of awo and mystery Not even a speotral finger has been left to beokon, not a veBtige of his robe to flutter in the galleries at dtu k or on the winding stairways of the draughty and dilapidated mansions whioh he unaccountably preferred to frequent. Modem ghossts are addicted to practical joking. One wos beard ' gobbling about like a turkey-cock close beside the bed' — we quote the narratives laid before tha above-mentioned societies— and. again, ' stumbling over boots and rhoer, though thore were none there,' Ona arconnt begins well. The ghost is 'a1 tall man, with a very pale face, and dark hair and moustache; the expression of his face is to ro«fnl.' Bnt, alas, he shows the same propensity. ' Sometimes he is seen peeping around ihe side of an open doorway, sometimes be steals up behind the lady of tha house and slaps her f amiliarly on the baok.' The like disappointment meets ns in the following— also one of the best authentic ated stories : ' The l&toh; of tbe door moved np and down ; the iron casement began to , olattor, and also tho lid of a warming-pan !' Ghost of a departed inn- maid ! Perhaps murdered by a sensitive traveller for clat tering a real lid sb he was about to sink into blissful slumber. The unseen gnidera of planohette ore notably given to bad habltB. 'Espeoitlly when the hand ofthe aatomatiet is ex hausted by a long and somewhat barren effort, the word' 'devil' will sometimes be written over and over again with an energy that shocks the nnsnspeoting writer.' An English vicar testifies that planohette is sadly addicted .to evasion and subterfuge, and Bhows ' a total indifference to troth for its own sake, coupled with what looks like a morbid dread of seeming to be ignorant, of the reply to a question.' The frequency of fibs and quibbles in tbe planohette— writing of this seriooB clergyman again— suggests the tendency to mak9 game of the experi menter and play praotioal jokes at his expense. ' Intelligent parposa or relevance are totally lacking, and it is well that the ghost of soienoe is supposed to poaaeBS the sharm whioh in Miss Matilda Stnbb's mind raised her lover above all other young men—' he wbb there '—for he has no other. . In faet, we are told that ' the ghost usually acts in a manner indicating insanity or idiooy.' 'A man in a frock ooat,' and 'a woman in a veil ' are in the habit of entering a par ticular chamber at night and gazing upon the ooonpants of the bed, but nothing comes of it. Another woman is alwapa seen ' as she is to the aot of toning corners.' In many oases the only known oeoup&tion; of the ghost is making night hideons with the' crash of breaking glass or china. Another displays a fondness, for heat — has this any reference to the climate of its habitual resi dence ? — ' standing near the fireplaoe or stove, bnt vanishing when addressed. In Bhorfc,' says the compiler somewhat im patiently, ' not a single ghost of all that are brought before _U8 seems to have any purpose to aot in a rational manner to accomplish anything.' Brought before ns!' What a reversal of ancient law a>d precedent when even ghosts may be summoned by soienoe, and examined like a housemaid as to moral charecter and general intelligence. Bat it does not yet appear what fines may be levied or penalties enforced for misde meanors proved. .It is a aew fashion with a vengeance when we investigate with snch a tone the unrestricted immigration of illi terate vagabonds of the snirit world into onrs. — EllaF. Mosby. 