i news and notes IK A NUTSHELL THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. Silver firm. Stock market dull intesimvtus inactive. Municipal election day. Si. Bartholomew' Day. Moderate business in gold. Your vole nnd influence, please. Government Retrenchment Bill through. "Speight v. Svme " still " part heard." Ddks of Snxe-Coburg and Uotlia dead. Biota in Vienna. lltuiy ot tho police Injured. The Vatican not quite pleased with the Argentine rebels thrash tho Govern ment troops acaiii. Territorial rovonne still falling off. Particulars elsewhere. The Duke of Edinburgh is now Duke of Baxe-Coburg and Gutha. Tbu Premier doesn't want to adjourn ; tjorer the Agricultural Show week, j u A yacht capsized off tho Lincolnshire I Wa&t;, . noar. Skegness. Ten drowned, j ' Gold, to tho- extent of L700.000 sent frotu Paris to New York on Tuesday. Mr Gladstone says that the principle I of taxing iibssntces is " uot unsound." I Reported choice stock of cattlo pur- I chasod by Mr Johnson for " hlinlards." ' M. Andricu, of pHimma scandal nnto- 1 riety, retires from tho Froncb elections. liar ailvor in Loudon yestordny nd« meed OJil. Quotation. Illjil per otitico. Absentee landlordism the curo of fro- Und fur 150 years. Thus Mr Gladstono. The French havo occupied Chants bou, Siani, not included iu the ultima tum. Division on third reading of tho Ilomo Pule Bill to be taken on Friday, 7th Sop te rubor. Amended schetno of Goldsbrough, Mnrt end Co. received judicial sanction in London. Cholera is spreading in Europe. Trains running from tho Eust to Belgrade stopped, Tho debnto on tho Homo Hulo Bill in the House of Lords to cotuiuouco on 1st Senteiubor. il.M.S. Blsncho has loft Zanzibar for Kis-nuyu, the scuuu of tho mutiny in East Africa. Military show to-night at tho Exhibi tion for tho Now South Wales Cavalry and Horso Artillery. fitorokcepernt Kilmoro fined 5s for not putting a pt< nny stump on a receipt for a promissory noto. pr M'lnorney elected unopposed <ib Warden of tho Molboutno University Annate for 1803-4. An ox-dork in tho War Oftico has faonewhipped St. John Brodrick, M.P. Thought ho was ill- ireatod by tho late Government. Mr Justice Williams slack of work in the Pncticu Court to-day. Had abso lutely to wait for business. Ordor, by consent, agsinst T. H. Hard- ingr, co-respondent in tho Parker divorce suit fur his wife's maintenance. Tho jury in Ibo Speight and Symo enso up to (Into have oarurd over L1000, and some pouplu talk of depression. Mr Trenwith says "we pay too high ulariosinthis country." Wo do, str, especially in tho Parliamentary lino. The reading of thu Shiols correspon dence yesterday in tho Spoight v. Symo cuo cost nearly L120. Rough on some- cue. Tho Dnke of Edinburgh tokos tho oath of acceision to tho Duchy of Snxe- Coburg iu tho presence of tho Emperor milium. "Tho smilcs of a pretty woman aro tho tears of tho pureo. Tho old Spaniard a» right, Mr Shiols. Ask tho ghost of Bolomon. . Hearing of tho petition by Joske, Bqet sou Co., for tho winding up of Wood arid Sons' Yorkshire Btowcry adjourned for a fortnight. MrShiolsV'oxperionco of Hfo has been dispelled backwards from 7, to. A." Some oonorublos can't over gut ovor Ji back- Wsrds or forwards. Solo by oithcr Mr Purres or Mr Dufly . in tho opora svrvico of ' Speight v. Byrne." 'In happy moments, day by day —cost, lis 4daminuto. Mr Ham says tho market-gardonors of Brighton ami Mordlalloo "send their mvoa in with their carts ; cun't trust themselves." That droidful drink I \- — — — 