Thie SD1 of the Coil. A Romance of the Far West and of the Riding Ring, rBx L. GALBrAITH.1 (Author of "Yew Ghost Storics.") (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER VII.-(Continucd). The tears were in Lorraine's throat, almost strangling her speech, but she forced them back. She was fighting a hard fight, hardest of all fights for a woman, against the passionate plead ing of the man she loves. And she longed so to give in. Her whole nature cried out for the strong protec tion, the peace and happiness he offered her. But love for the loved one was stronger than the instincts of her own nature. It was for him she fought, not for herself, and love triumphed. 'No,' she answered desperately, ' you couldn't, nothing could make up to me for that. .You would not be enough for me. I couldn't bear the shame; the disgrace. I would sooner be killed by Sophocles than by the scorn of the whole world.' ' Killed by Sophocles,' he repeated, mechanically. 'What on earth can you mean ?' 'I am going to ride him. You know Lord Pakenham's horse, the one that has killed two grooms. He won't face water, and Gordon has laid six to three, in hundreds, that I get him over the brook at Bywell.' Vallance turned as white as a sheet. 'You shall not do it,' he cried, seizing her wrist with a grip that made her flinch. 'I won't allow it. Pakenham is a coward to take such odds. He daren't ride the brute him self to save his life, and I'll tell him so. It is murder. Lorraine, for my sake, for God's sake, swear to me that you won't throw your life away like. that.' 'I can't,' she answered, stonily, 'it is a match. I must ride.' Then all at once she broke down. 'Oh, go away,' she cried, 'for pity's sake, go away. Can't you see that ! you are killing me. If you have one .spark of the love you talk so much about, go away and leave me in peace.' 'I won't go till you promise to give up this mad thing.' She turned her head from side to side like a hunted animal. ' Do go. Joscelyn, have some mercy on me and go.' 'Promise me that you won't ride that brute, at least not till you have heard from me again.' 'I will promise you anything if you'll only go. I can't bear it any * longer. You must go away.' Very slowly and reluctantly Yal lance yielded to her entreaties.. The room was swimming before Lorraine's eyes as she gave him her hand. She hardly felt the warmth of his .kiss as he pressed it to his lips. A great darkness descended and enveloped her, and almost before the door had closed behind him, she slid to the ground and lay across the hearthrug in a dead faint. CHAPTER VIII. "NO ONE BUT TILE BABIY CRIED FORi POOR LORRAINE LOREE. The dawn broke grey and sullen, with a veil of dank brown fog shroud 'ing the ungainly; lines of roofs and chimney-pots. Lorraine stood at her window watching the pale streaks of light widen and close again as the heavy vapour lifted and fell.' She had not been to bed all night. Her brain was too restless for sleep. Over and over again through 'the long hours of darkness, she had asked herself the sama question, What was she going to do next ? but only with the awaken ing day' did the answer begin to shape itself clearly in her weary .mind. Why fight any longer against \--destiny? Was life so .sweet to her that she need shrink from leaving it? Whý'had she struggled against her fate in refusing to ride Sophocles. He would probably kill her. She knew it had taken all her nerve and strength to master the horse before, and she had neither strength nor nerve left now. But what mat ter if, she. were killed? There would be one woman less in the world. That would be all. Who would .miss her when she Swas gone? Certainly not her hus band. He had already told her in' so many words that'" she. was only a 'weight round his neck, that he would get on better without her. .' And Val lance ?, He would be sorry :just. at first, but afterwards, when he came to seo.things clearly, he. would dcknow, Slodge that it -had' been for the best. There would be no one to care. A :pitiful wail rose on the. other' side of .the o'all., It was the landlady's' little daughter, a sickly child of two, who .slept with the servant in a tiny cupboard of a room adjoining. The inaid had gone down to her work, and the little one, waking alone, was crying.in baby terror of the darkness and solitude. Lorraine fetched it into her room, wrapped it in a warm shawl, and coaxed and soothed it into quietness. Soon after her arrival at Brunswick Square, she had made friends with the child, who had learned to watch for her passing up and downstairs, and fretted if she omitted going to kiss it 'good night.' As she sat on the edge of the bed, rocking thelittlo one to and fro, smooth ing the tangle curls with- deft, tender fingers, and crooning softly the mono tonous refrain of a quaint Indian lul laby, she thought how different her life' might have been if God had given her a baby of her own, one single human being on whom she might honestly have lavished the love which is the rightful heritage of every woman. By and bye, with full daylight, the servant came and took the child away, and Lorraine dressed herself and went wearily downstairs. Her husband was already in the sitting-room grumbling at the lateness of breakfast. He looked seedy and red about the eyes, and exhibited all the irritability of a man who is feel ing the offects of a late night. When he had finished his meal, he pushed back his chair and glanced across the table at his wife. ' What about that three hundred?' he inquired, bluntly; 'you've had time enought to make up your mind, I guess.' 'I will ride,' Lorraine answered, quietly. 'I expected you'd think better of it,' he said, with a disagreeable laugh. 'I'll arrange for to- morrow, then. Pakenham gave me the choice between that and next Thursday. The sooner the better, I say.. The weather is open now, and in this beastly climate there's no telling what it may be doing next week, freezing again as likely as not.' 'To-morrow will suit me, and please make it as early as possible. Wire me the heour fixed, if you are not coming back to dinner.' He went out, and Lorraine, left to herself, began to make certain pre parations. She got out her habit and brushed it, cleaned .her boots and spurs, and looked out a new collar and tie. In some odd way, she felt as if she were arranging herself for her burial. Then she unlocked her desk and took out a small bundle of letters, an old pocket-book, a certificate of marriage between John Victor Lorraine Vallance Vallance and Esperanza Gulietta Martinette, and a small cardboard box, in which she kept her father's signet-ring and a diamond scarf- pin. This last Lorraine packed up, with a few lines to Job Slipper, begging that he would keep it as a remem brance of herself and her father. The ring she enclosed in an envelope ad dressed to Lord Vallance. Round the little case she wrapped a sheet of paper, on which she had written, "I am going to ride Sophocles. Good bye." " The American packet she took her self to the post- office, where she saw it registered and mailed. She did. not post the other till late in the evening; by that time, she had burned the other contents of the desk.: Loree was still out, but he had sent a telegram, ' Match arranged for 11 to-morrow.' At half-past ten, Lorraine slipped on her hat and jacket, carried Vallance's letter to the pillar-box and dropped it in. The pathetically short farewell reached Lord Vallance's hands at ten o'clock the following morning. With a sudden thrill of expectation he recognised Lorraine's handwriting, and eagerly tore open the envelope. The next moment he was pealing furiously at his bell. 'Send someone for a cab,' said Val lance, breathlessly, to his astonished servant,' and bring me a brandy and soda and a "Bradshaw." I can give you just ten minutes to dress me.' In twenty minutes he was at Lord Pakenham's door. 'Yes, his lordship had gone down to the Court; left by the 9.45 from Waterloo. Was expected home to dinner.' Before the butler had finished his sentence Vallance was back in the cab. ' Waterloo,' he shouted through the trap, 'and drive like blazes.' He was utterly indifferent to the construction which might be put on his appearance uninvited at Bywell Court. He did not clearly know what he proposed to do when he got there. He was only conscious of an intense desire to see Lorraine again at all costs, to get down in time to stop her from recklessly risking her neck to gratify her husband's selfish cupidity. But Fate was stronger than Lord Vallance. In vain the cabby, recognising with professional sharpness that time meant money, imperilled his license by driv ing after the manner of a veritable son of Nimshi; in vain the conibined efforts of porters, guard, and inspector enabled the young man to fling him self into the last coach on the already moving train. When Lord Vallance, flushed and breathless, at last found himself within sight of the brook so familiar to everyone who knows the Pakenham country, it was only to learn he had come too late. The thin wintry sunshine glittered and danced on the rippling water. Overhead a flock of crows, scared from their happy hunting ground on the damp grass, wheeled in great circles, with noisy caws of remonstrance. On the nearer bank between the willows, a knot of men scattered sud denly, as with a lurch and scramble a frightened horse rose from their midst, and was led aside shaking and sweating,. while the group closed up again,;bending over something lying on the ground. There was no need for Valiance to ask what had happened. With a sickening certainty of what he was going to see, he shouldered his way through the little crowd to where Pakenham, on his knees in the wet grass, was supporting the slender, limp figure in its close-fitting habit. Lorraine's hat had been knocked off, and the thick coils of her hair loosened by the fearful force of her fall; but there was no sign of suffering on her pale face: over the lips, slightly parted, hovered the faintest ghost of a smile. She had crossed Bywell Brook and the dark river together, and for her all earthly pain was over. 'Is she-is she- ?' Valiance hardly recognised his own voice as he tried to frame the question. Pakenham looked up, in momentary surprise; but the young man's face explained, better than any words could have done, his unexpected appearance on the scene. Valiance was grey to the very lips, and there were livid shadows under his dark eyes. He put out a shaking hand and touched Lord Pakenham's shoulder. 'For God's sake, old follow, tell me, she isn't- 'Dead, I'm afraid,' said the elder man, gently. Another day drew to its close, and a pure, cold moon shone down on the weary, sin-stained world; shone on the white sheeted figure, lying so still in the parlour of the ' Pakenham Arms,' where Lorraine's body had been left to await the inquest; shone on the house in Grosvenor Place, where Val lance sat in his own room moodily smoking and thinking. She was dead now, the girl about whom had centred all the romance that he would ever know, dead and gone beyond his reach for ever. He was young, he should get over it in time, men always got over things of that sort. There would be nothing now to dis turb the even tenor of his way, to prevent him from marrying Lady Celia, taking an interest in horse flesh and pheasants, and, in due time, a seat in the Upper House, from living, in fact, the ordinary every day routine life of other men of the same social standing. And that wild rap turous vision of renunciation, of the ' world well lost' for love was over. No one would speak of him as Paken ham had spoken of Carholme, for in stance, the other night at the Club. 'Yes, poor devil, lives somewhere near Geneva, I believe. Of course, no one knows them. Poor old Car, what a good chap he was befqre he jacked up his chances by running off with the Tremenheere woman.' It was an old story, and Lord Tre menheere had found, another wife, whose nerves were stronger and her indifference to his recurrent attacks of delirium tremens more complete than that of her predecessor, who twelve years before had scandalised Society by eloping with young Sir George Carholme, and marrying him. Car holme's life had been spoiled by his marriage, and the men at the Club had talked over.the old story, and called him a Quixotic ass, and a wooden-headed fool, according to their cast of mind. Valiance had listened silently, thinking how near he was to following in Carholme's footsteps. The tempta tion had gone now. He had no excuse left for making a fool of him self. Perhaps, after all, there was some truth in the adage that all things work together for good. In the shabby room at Brunswick Square, the widower slumbered peace fully with Lord Pakenham's cheque for three hundred pounds in the pocket-book under his pillow, while overhead a little child wailed pite ously, refusing to be comforted for the ' pitty lady' who would never again come back to kiss the tired baby her sweet good-night. TIE END. 