A SOLDIER'S V' 'i'" .B? Capt: Charles King. Copyright; ' .Published 'by Bpeclal- arrange .. ment., ., Vi j . Continuril from last week. '-'iftsa ovor at- noiaen'a things wort going on in an odd-groove. It was Kon yon..who ,wns a frequent visitor then now, not Rolfo. Mrs. Holdon was still in St; Louis- with -her olive branches, for the doctor had frankly told her thai just so long as he had all these wounded on his hands the "children wonld bo ir hia way. ..... "Ho moans me," said Jennie to Misi Guthrie, .with prompt resentment. "Bui ho says next month he'll come on hero— business will require it ns woll as pleas uro— pay us a teu days' visit and take ui home'.: Then you'll como, too, won't yon. Nita?" Cut Miss Unthrle shook her head. . "Yon promised- us," said Mrs. Holden reproachfully; "and Roife won't be thert t'o-worry yon this timo," sho fnltored :'Ho!s.going to take a long leave and gc abroad." -s'.Bnt.ovon that," wrote Jennie to hoi liege; '-"did not eooin to comfort hor. She says she will never, probably; visit Paw uoo again: and I know well-as can be ii is all on account of that terrible fright. What can'tliero have been behind it nil: Now that tho. Twelfth is coming home and you havo everything running smoothly, don't you think it possible tc find' out. somothlng about that strange affair? -Yon have never written a word and -I- can seo Nita's oyes questioning mo ovory timo sho knows 1 have a let ter. Theotbor day 1 wns in hor room and looking over some old albums that 1 drow from the bottom of a desk 1 caruc across a picture of hers just like the one that is in tho little silver framo on the toilet table in her room at Puwnoo, ex copt that this wns blurred and worn. 'Why, Nitnl1 1 cried unthinkingly, at sho entered, 'I thought you told uie mine wns tlie only olio left of this land, nnd hero's one tlrat looks ns if it might have lieon worn next somo fellow's heart and been Irissed a million'— aud thou I stopped short and dropped it, for she bad turned wliito as death and was stretching ont her bauds. 'Where did you find that?' eho whispered at last 'Botwoen the leaves of this old album,' I said. "It was tying there loosely.' q lma „Qt Beou „ thotleht I had burned' it And then she brolro off suddenly ar/ shuddered, but seizod tt and took ft Bway. It she would only talk to me of Jack; but sho will not, ovon though! know that ever sinoe the suicide of Mr, Percival last Angust Mr. Guthrie has boon working day nnd night reopening tho old matter. All tho friends of tho Guthries aro now more than over confi dent that .Took was absolutely innocent —that Mr. Perolval as prenidont of the bank had mado away with those missing fnnds and socurition and charged it to Jack and to his friend Harold Wordeu. An offort hns boon mado to get at Mr. Peroival's papers, all of them, but bis widow is still so broken that she cannot bo soon by any one, say her physicians. It Is boliovod sho knows something of tho inner history of tho wholo case, and that sho is striving to hide what sho knows for hor children's snko. Of course peoplo say sho has bobaved very ill— that she ought to sell and restore to the bank real estate and property that from timo to time Mr. Percival had Bot tled upon her. But she only goes into hysterics when lawyers are mentioned. "Mr. Guthrie is now in a highly nerv ous and exoitablo stato, which natural ly reacts upon Nita. I wiBh we could get hor away from horo. Ho went west, you remember, when he left hor with us at Pawnoo. Ho wont in the hopes of finding some traco of Mr. Wordeu, so I learn now, and to nrgo the unmodiate return to St. Louis of Jack's old and in timate friend to demand justice at the hands of tho Percivals, for ho was ruined irretrievably by Percival's accu sation when dismissed from the bank. But he has vanished utterly, and I lcuow that they havo about given him np for dead. A detective agency has been at work for months, and twice of late men have come to the house asking if it were not possible to find somewhere a picture of Mr. Wordon; but Nita says none ex ist that she knows of. I beliove that she burned all that she had. . "Whv will sho not trust me and tell me about it — she who used to have no secret from me? We know that he was deeply in loye with her and that she was \- believed to care for him, bnt there was a fearful scene between him and Mr. Gnthrie over poor Jack's body. The old gentleman was wild with grief, and in his misery lio upbraided Worden as the cause of it all — accused him of be- i ing the thief and cursed him for con cealing tho crime at the expense of \- Jack's life and honor. Possibly he did believe it then, but since Percival's death everything is changed. I believe he would give all ho owns to make amends to Wordon now; and sometimes .: I think that that is what is killing Nita." " 'That that is what is killing Nita,' " read Holden again, this timo half aloud, as ho pondered over the word. Then a sound at the door attracted him. He glanced np quickly. "Oh, come in, sergeant, I did not hear yon knock." "I bog' your pardon, sir," was the an- Bwer, in Ellis' deep voice, a faint flush rising to his pale, black bearded face. "I knocked twice at tho outer door, rind -then, knowing the doctor to be here, ventured into the hall. Am I too early, sir?" . "Yon are just in time. Come in. Shut that door and sit down. How's the arm to day, Ellis?" Obediently the tall troopor had stepped within and closed' tho door, but he still remained erect, a shade of hesitation in hie manner. "The arm seems doing well.eir." ; r "And yet you yourself do not pick up as I could wish. Tako that chair, Ellis; wo shall not ho interrupted, and I want to talk with you about your case. Yon have won honor and troops of friends in this campaign, and when the regiment gets back and they find yon palo and languid, so utterly unlike yourself and unfit to take your duties its first sergeant, they will say I was at fault. Can't stand that, -you know, so I liavo spoken to Major Kenyon about tho matter, and he has directed that yon move out of the hospital forthwith and under my roof. No; keep your seat. You are to report to me for special duty in making np the field .papers and reports, and I shall need you right here where 1 can supervise it all and look after you." For a moment tho two mon sat gazing straight into each other's e'es. Then again, trembling slightly, Ellis strove to rise. ' . "Dr- Holden, I— I ought not to take advantage of this. Indeed I cannot." "That will do, sir," was the quietly smiling reply. "Orders nre orders, ser geant, and being a patient you are doubly under mino. What's" more, you dsn sunt no question until tzmt cnevron is replaced by tho shoulder strap. Ellis, under what name shall the officers of the Twelfth ask thBt you be made one of their number?" Making no reply, tho sergeant bowed his head and covered his face with liis hands. Late that evening old Konyon, drop ping in to seo tho doctor, fonnd tho tall cavalryman seated nt a desk in Holden's library, aud. as ho promptly aroso and Btood orect in acknowledgment of tho presence of tho post commander, tho major Btrodo straight np to him and hold out his hand: "Sergeant, I am as proud and pleased as your own father could bo. ' When a whole regiment recommends a man for a commission, as this day's mail tells us. It's worth more than all the senatorial backing in Columbia. It may not fetch It, bnt I'd rather havo it. Now, havo yon any friends to aid you?" j "None in tho world, sir." "No relatives? No kin? Not oven b i congressman?" "Not oven a congressman. A sister, perhaps; bnt that is all." "Well, well, wolll Never mind, though, my lud; wo'll seo vou through. What you must do is get strong and well. Yon're but tho ghost of yourself, nnd tho doctor and 1 havo moved you over here as a matter wo owe the regi ment. 1 thought you wero told to go to bed an hour ago. Which is your room?" "Tho dootor hns given mo tho run o! the top floor, sir, but mine is tho front room' on this side," answered Ellis gravely, . "Well, U's time for you to turn in. eo I ordctf It. Lot mo see. This £s thd twonty-fifthof January. A month from now, ori two at most, I hope to soe yoa with a strap on your shoulder, and long before that with the flush of health in your cheok. Now good night to yon and pleasant dreams." And tho major strodo away. Only an hour after sunsot tho silver' disk of tho moon had risen cloudless and unveiled, and now, as tho bugle was calling tho belated ones back to the post for night inspection of quartors, the bur nished shield was high aloft, flooding tho broad valley with its radiant sheen, throwing black ahndows upon tho broad roadway, the wliito picket fonco, tho glistening verandas at tho post. Hol don, returning from ft lato visit to como of his patients at tho hospital, stopped and looked quickly and intently up at tho littlo gallery overhanging tho east ward wall. In tho front room, that which he had assigned to lillis, a light burned dimly. The Venetian window of the rear ro6m leading to the gallory was dark, yet open, and on tho littlo ledge, leaning against the c;u>emeut, tho moonlight gleaming on his face and form, a tall soldier was gazing intently eastward. Quietly Holden strode along, entered tho gate, wont noiselessly into tho hall and up tho stairs. Tho door from Nita's room to the landing stood wido open. At this juncture a person standing ont- sido would havo seen the silent occupant of "Robbers' Roust" tnrn witb sudden start and peer into the room, for Holden, bis eyes fixed upon tho gloaming, glis tening space between the two rear win dows and just over tho toilet table, had purposely dropped his heavy stick with resounding clatter upon tho landing floor. "I thought so," ho muttered in serene satisfaction. Then picking up his stick he calmly strolled across tho threshold and into the dark room. "Boautifnl viow of a moonlight night, Ellis. That was Miss Guthrie's favorite perch when she was here." CHAPTER XV, Nita, with outstretched amis, throws her self forward to meet h im. A great city is draped iu mourning. On every side, nt half staff, tho national flag lianga limp and lifeless in the moist and misty air, as though of its own voli- toin drooping in honor of tho soldier dead. Under the Bodden skies, through thronged yet silent streets, iu long, long column chosen detachments of soldiery are leading to its final resting plnco the shrouded clay of him who to such glori ous purpose had led tho Union blue in overy field from the Mississippi to the ssa, and who through long years of hon ored service ranked foremost on the rolls of tho army — foremost perhaps in the great heart of the people. For days, as though iu sympathy witb tho widespread grief, the heavens have poured their floods upon the brown and leafless slojjcs. All nature seems plungod in wintry gloom. The black smoko from a host of stacks and chimneys has sottleddown upon the silent city, covering it like a pall. From north aiid south, from east and west, battalions and batteries, na tional. and stato, have been concentrat ing to tako partin the last honors to tho illustrious chief, and dripping, yet dis ciplined, without the stir of martial music, tlie men havo marchod from the trains to tho rendezvous assigned them about the town. At hist the hour has como. Tho weep ing skies havo checked their tears. The streets and Bidew, -illts along the line of march swarm with nitizons, whose hush ed voices and reverent mien speak elo quently of their seiiso of the national loss. From many a stately mansion and modest homestead out beyond the business section festoons of black are fluttering in the rising breeze, tho flag i : twined with nrnpo, the windows, bal conies and steps aro alive with spec tators. And',, far out on the. west ward avenuo, on a sheltered portico that projects from a solid, old fashioned res idence of cut stone nnd Almost over hangs tho street, tlicro is gathered a lit tle bevy of fuir forms ami faces which wo saw togethor for tho first time that Indian smnmei-y afternoon of tho recep tion at Pawnee. The rapid trot of orderlies and. mounted police, sent ahead to warn tho populace off tlie street and back to the sidewalk, aud tho distunt' wailing of- cavalry trnmpots far down the avenue, have told that now the funeral column Is npproaching; and from tho warmth of the cozy, parlor, well wrapped in- mantles and furs, tho ladies have como forth into the chilly February day- Mrs. Berrien, Mrs. Holden and her cliil- drou; Winifred, whoso soft, cheeks nre aglow and whoso dark eyes turn instant ly, eagerly toward tho bond of tho ad vancing escort; Nita Guthrie, pallid, lanquid when unobserved by her guists, yet brightening instantly, bravelv, whorl addressed, and striving to be her old gracious, radiant self for the sa!,- of these aud other visitors from Pawnee—- for the Twelfth has liqen - detailed es pecially to lead tho escort cilT- the gj-ent . commander, and all tho way 'from tho ' frontier and only a few days homo frout . the stirring scones of its ficrco canipsigat tho regiment hns boon brought: huhei by tho orders of a general who knows their worth as weJJ lie knows their wrongs, end whose soldier heart has felt for them In all their trials. . It .was in his power to give this honor to others, but though his own old regi ment is within easy call, he ineanB that the people shall seo for thomselves what manner of men are theso whom press and pulpit liavo assailed, and against whose fair farno tho shafts of slandor . . huvohoen hurled, only to fall blunted . . and broken or, liko boomerangs, come hurling back about the ears of the . thrower. Vindicated by tho vordict of his peers, doubly vindicated by tlio highest powers of tho land, gray haired I< arquhar is chosen to command the es cort, and, though the flower of tho na tion's soldiery marches in the funeral train this day, tho eyes of all the gath- .. eroil throng are strained to see and hail and honor the standard and tho guidons of tho men who bore the brunt of battle only two short months gone by. And with tho squadrons and the guns from Pawnee came such of the woundod officers as were well onough to he trans ported hither, aud with them half a dozen of tho iadios of tho garrison. To tho huge delight of tho old battalion, two of whose troops are cruelly thinned in numbers now, tho jovial major is per mitted by Dr. Holden to mount "Old Glory" and take his position in front of the lino. To the tromulous joy of Wini fred Berrien, Mr. Browster has tele graphed from Washington, whither lie was summoned immediately after tho close of the investigation at tho agency, bidding them bring his horso and equip ments, for even though he cannot draw . saber ho means to ride with "the hlacli troop" 011 this day of days. Sho has not seen him Biuco that wonderful morning when, liko a young snow king, ho burst ; through the fleecy harriers about them and stood before her rejoicing eyes their rescuer, her father's preserver, her lover, lior hero; and ever since in his pride he has held aloof from her and all she holds dear. Sho can hardly hush the fluttering of her heart as now, near at hand, sho hears tho familiar sti-ains of the trumpets of tho Twelfth, still sound ing the mournful dead march. Other ladies of the Twelfth are here — Mrs. Hazlett, Mrs. Gorhain and Mrs. War ren; and small wonder can there be that their soft eyes fill with tears. Ever sinco the brief and bloody campaign tho Bad, solemn tones have been their daily innsio. The crape is not yet rusting on tho sword hilts of their lords, worn in honor of poor Thorpe and Band and Burrows, when it is renewed for tho general in chief. , And now the crowds have drifted back from the asphalt. Tho platoon of mounted police has slowly clattered by. Then iu long rank, hoot to boot, muffled in their blue overcoats, tho yellow lined capes turned hack, led by their veteran chief and guiding their spirited grays with hardly a touch of rein, the trum peters of the Twelfth cover the street from curb to curb, the brazen bells up lifted and pouring forth their mourn ful strains. A little space, and then, mounted on mettlesome bay In the ricli housings of a general officer, there rides tho marshal of the parade, followed by rank after rank of staff officers, all in the somber dark blue of tlie service. The autumn frostB of a vigorous life have silvoreil the strands at his temple and tinged with ruddy glow the cheeks of that firm and soldierly face, but the eyes gleam clear aud clean as ever they shone n quarter century ago, when he and Farquhar spurred through tho misty forest aisles, about Dinwiddie and led the cheering troopers to the charge on Pickett's crouching line at tho Forks. He knows the fair party on the Guthrie balcony at a single glance, and touches the visor of his forage cap as he moves slowly by, then summons an aid, gives him a low toned order, and the officer reins aside to let his comrades pass, then jogs hack down the avenue to meet the column. Aud now necks are craning on every side, and a murmur runs along tho crowded banquette, A murmur tli&t; fain would break forth In a cheer bnt for tho solemn occasion of their coming. Eyes gleam and brighten; lips stir with inarticulate greeting; hands, kerchiefs aud hots are waved in voice less acclaim. Any other time and all the great city 'would hurst into tumultu ous cheer, for here rides gray haired Farquhar at the head of his staff, and jnst behind them, commanding the Twelfth, still pollid from Ills wounds, but erect and soldierly as ever, the se nior major, dear old Berrien, lowers his saber in acknowledgment of the sa lute of the aid, bends his ear to listen to tho message, glances quickly at the balcony into the smiling face of his wife, meeting Winifred's dark aud glowing eyes, hut shakes his head, mo tions to Dr. Holden, who is at his left rear, and ambles on. Holden nods ap preciatively en receipt of what seems to be a similar message, reins out of column, followed by his orderly, dis mounts at the side street, and presently is standing by his wife's side, welcomed most cordially by Miss Guthrie to tbe now crowded balcony. fii column or platoons stretching from walk to walk, clear across the street, ranks carefully aligned, every man's head and eyes straight to the front, the leading troops of the Twelfth are now clinkiug steadily by. Hazlett has glanced out of the corners of his eyes at the lovely picture on tho gallery, hut, riding at attention as they are, and on duty, I10 makes no sign. Randolph and Ridgeway , heading their platoons, strive to do two things at once — look as though j they saw aud appreciated the fluttering ' greotings of hand aud handkerchief and 1 smiling eyes to their right, and still look 1 as though they did not see it at nil. Tho sorrels, the grays have gone by, the bay troop is passing, und now yonder comes Gorham over on tho other side of tho street, the nearest he can get to his regu lation position of four yards to the left of his lending platoon, and ont from the sfiel tering screen of tree branches and in front of the center of tho first snb- division of tho blacks, his saber arm still in its sling, his face palo with con finement and suffering, but toll and stal wart rides Curly. 'Oh, there's All. Brqwsterf Mr. Brew- ster! Oh, why doesn't ho look?': cries Miss Guthrie, as the handkerchiefs be gin waving furiously, and fair, eager' faces prcsB forward" in tho effort to at tract his attention — all hut Winifred, who, though bravely smiling like tho rest, is clutching with trembling hands tho back of lior mother's chair and shrinking behind her mother's form. It is impossible for him not to see tho flut tering signals. Ho half glances toward that thronging gallery, and in a second tho light leaps to his eyes, a flush to his pallid cheek. Instinctively his arm twitches in tho effort of tho hand to reach tho cap visor, aud tho instant twinge of shooting pain brings him to his eoiisos. Ho has one brief, flooting look, however, at tho beaming face he loves, and he has just time for a half gesture with tho bridle baud, a little nod, and then, as on he rides, ho fools rather than sees that one sweot face that beamed upon him has ouddonly paled, that one graceful form is now staggering back into Hold6n's waiting and expectant nrms. Onl' two platoons in the black troop today, for tho othors sleep beneath the wintry sod or still lan guish in tho hospital ward. Only two platoons. Brewster heads tho first; a tall, dark eyed, dark mustached ser geant tho second. "There's Sergeant Ellis!" cries Airs. Berrien, in her pride and pleasnro. "And lie's shaved off his heard. Did you ever see him look so young and well?" . But Airs. Holden, too, has turned, and does not hood. Hor watchful oyes, hor attentive ears, have other work to do. Obedient to her hueband's touch, alio hn3 drawn close to bis sido. It is into bor arms and hiB that, with ono quick, gasp ing, stifled cry, Nita Guthrie has fallen as though stricken by a bolt from hoavon, It is by those loving amm tho limp and prostrato form is quickly borne within and laid npon tho sofa, and Holden whispers to his devoted wife, "It is1 all clear now." That night, tho long ceremonies of the day concluded, a throng of fair womon and bravo men aro gathered in the par lors and corridor of tho groat hotel. Down in the marbled court below some Italian musicians are playing soft, sweet . music. Out in tho streot, under the j glare of the electric light, a fine regi- J . ment of state troops has drawn up in ' long extended lino and is standing at 1 , ease while its officers are bidding fare- i well to a host of friends npon the walks i below. Here and above are soldiers of : all branches of thp service, who with | . the morning's Bnn will bo scattering to 1 their- stations again. Some are clustered i In the broad vestibules and on the office floor. Others, the juniors mainly, are paying their respects to the wife of the commanding general and to the ladies of the Twelfth, for on tho morrow they, too, with the regiment, take flight for their prairie homo. The hour is late, and several of those present have just come in from a some what snbdned and quiet entertainment given in their honor at one of tho beau tiful homes of the city. Tho solemn na ture of the duty that has called thorn hither precludes the possibility of any general gathering, but the dinner to which the Berriens and others were bid den has lasted so long that Winifred be gan to believe it would never end, and Urn. Berrien has seen all too plainly that, though she strove to appear joyous and appreciative, her daughter longed to leave the scene and return to the ho tel, where, as was well known, many of the officers were to spend the evening. Not until nightfall had tho Twelfth passed by on its retnrn from the march to the distant cemetery, and as thoy jogged along at ease one or two of tho troop or platoon commanders, in answer to joyons hail from tho sidewalk, had reined out of column by old Berrien's permission and dismounted under the portico, but Brewster, smiling, had shaken his head and gone on with his blacks to the muddy cantonment far down at the southern verge. Winifred was already dressed for dinner. She had hastened to her room as soon as they returned from the Guthries', and Airs. Berrien made no comment. She well understood that the .girl's one thought ,was to bo roady to welcome if he should come. There was no telling at what minuto he might ho announced. And though they were not to leave tho hotel until nearly seven, Winifrod was ready at four. The mother heart yearned over her child as Bho saw how the shadows deepened in her dark eyes when tho col umn went on out of sight in the wintry gloaming, Brewster with It. At that moment she could almost share her husband's idea of bringing the young man to his knees then und there. What business had ho playing the indif ferent in this utterly unsoldierly fashion? How dare he treat Winifred with cold ness? She had done him no wrong. Not since that night of the last hop at Paw nee, the night tho marching orders came, had there been opportunity for the girl to speak to him at all. Of coui-so the major had been brusque and repL-lleut and had virtually forbidden his further attentions; hut, heavens, that was not Winifred's doing, and both tho major and herself had endeavored to show him, without unnecessary allusion to the matter, that whatsoovez might have eeen the suspicions or impressions aroused by the singular conduct of that tniddle aged married flirt at Pawnee, they 110 longer entertained tlie faintest 111 opiniou of him. Indeed, Mrs. Berrien never had. Blue blooded herself, her faith in bon sang was deep rooted. She hud always liked Brewster, but she was a loyal wife and would iu no wise act counter to her husband's wishes. It was now, when Air. Brewster seemed allowing his pride and resontment . to prompt him to this nndesorved and cruel wounding of her daughter's heart, that Airs. Berrien first felt any unkindliness. She could havo made him suffer for it, but that she knew it would hurt Wini fred as well. Without a word, hut just so soon as tho last of tho yellow cape linings disappeared from viow, Wini fred had turned from tho parlor and again sought her room. Aire. Borrien sent a hell hoy for Air. Randolph, who, having dismounted at the entrance, was ' standing, ' the ' oentor of a group of friends,, in the marble floored office be low, and Randolph oamo up with ('the next trip of the elevator. , ' "Do you go with us to tho dinner at the A— s' tonight, Mr. Randolph?" "No, Airs. Borrien; I believe only those who are so fortunato as to . bo.', tho husbands of certain ladies of the Twelfth1 aro bidden. Wo nro going to havo a 11b- tlo gathoring hero to soo Curly off." "And whore does Curly - go— arid when?" "Back to Washington by tlie. first train, Airs. Borrion. He's been offered: a detail at the war department." I "How delightful that is for Afr. Brew ster! Why, the Twelfth is getting. some little recognition after all. Uu to this moment the general's welcome homo iai the only word we've had from a soul. Then you'll all bs here tonight, will you?" "Most of us. Rolfo's hero, too," laughed Randolph, "but he sat in a deep window during the procession and doesn't mean to show in public yet. I'm told ho wants to make up with Curly before ho goes tonight, hut Curly won't lot him." And Randolph knit , his brows. "I wouldn't if I were Brewster. Wouldn't it bo odd if they took th'o same train, though? I suppose he won't care, to exhibit that now cheek of his to Miss Gathrio. Will she be here after the' dinnor?" "I doubt it, Mr. Randolph. Miss Guthrie is not at all well.' Sho had a 6 king spell of some kind this after noon during tho parade, and has not left L"i room since. Say to Mr. Brew- . ster for ine that we shall hope to seo him before bo leaves, will you? We'll' be back about tou o'clook." But it is after ten, long after, that now tbey are gathorod in the parlors, and music, langhter and tho sound of merry voices ring through the wide corridors,: Winifred, the wistful look gone from ' her dark eyes, a Boft flush on hor cheek, is standing near one of the high win-' dows, tho center of a group of ladies and officers, among whom at this moment is Browster, his right arm still in its sling. Though sho BtrivoB after hor first flutter ing welcome not to glance at him again, just now at least she cannot quiet con trol her eyes. She cannot bnt mark with Bhy delight how her father's broad palm is laid upon her hero's shonlder as the veteran trooper looks into tho younger soldier's faco with an expres sion she is thankful to Bee. All around the big, 6tifily furnished, formal room, with laughter and with gladness old friends are meeting again for the first time in years— bno at least of the joys of onr nomad army life. The buzz of con versation, the remarks of Mr. Ridge way, who clings to her eido, and the sweet, thrilling, strains of "Rigolotto" floating up from tho rotunda, fall npon listless ears. Winifred is striving to catch his words, for now her mother has joined them, and her cordial, kindly Voice mingles with those about her. She cannot hear what is said except in mere snatches, a word here and there, but . she can and does seo that, though thoroughly courteous, Browster - is dig nified, almost unresponsive. When her father makeB somo jovial allusion to his narrow escape at the Porcupine and would- apparently refor to Brewster's lush to the rescue, the latter seems to waive it aside and turn at once to another subject. Why will he be so — so unlike his old self? Hark! From the street below the ringing call of the buglet Randolph pokeB his head in through the other win dow: "Come , out, all of .you. Come and see them march away." ' It Is that hand some regiment from tho Queen City, And in a trice, men and women, thoy are pouring out upon the roof of the portico, "Come along!" shouts old- Berrien. "Come along I Lot's give 'em a cavalry send off." And away he goes at the heels of the throng, "Come, Berenga- ria, you want to seo this regiment, I tell you: It's a beauty. And such a bandl" But Berengaria holds buck an instant. "Winifred, dear, your wraps are not here, and I fear it is too chilly for yon." "Oh, I'll throw my cape over hor," hursts in Ridgeway. "JuBt the thing! Come, Miss Berrien. Whore's your cape, Curly? You bring Airs. Berrien, will you?" And, rejoicing in his finesse, Mr. Ridgeway offere his arm. "My cape's down stairs in the office," answers Browster, shortly. "Yes, and whatever you do, Brewster, don't you go out in the night air with out it," quietly remarks Dr. Holden at this juncture, as ho follows the party. "Orders are ordors," laughs Mrs. Ber rien. "Sorry for you, Mr. Brewster, but you'll have to soo them through our oyes. Yes, thank you, Mr. Ridgeway," as she possesses herself of that young trooper's arm, "I shall be very glad of your cape." And Ridgeway, with one stupefied backward glance, recovers himself and goes. Winifred is still standing by the cur tained window, half hidden by tho pro jection of the chimney and its marble mantel. Very, very lovoly sho is in hor dinnor toilet, a simple gown, clinging in its soft, oreamy folds about her slon- dor form, a necklace of rnro pearls, a beautiful quaint old heirloom, looped below her fair, rounded throat, its pendant rising and falling rapidly, un evenly now, for hor heart is throbbing hard. One moment Browstor hoaitatos, casts n quick glance around, then Bteps forward to her side. "Possibly, we can see from this win dow, Aliss Borrien," he says, as ho raises the shade. And together they disap pear into the curtained alcove. But they cannot see. This window, like tho other, looks upon tho roof of the portico, and tho hacks of their numer ous friends are visible, but not tho street — not tho departing soldiery in whom sneh interest is felt. It is chilly here by the cold, glassy harrier. A bright coal fire is blazing in the grate. Both have been warned not to take cold, yet noithor seems to tbink of that fire. ,. "No I'm afraid wo con t see them here, "'says Winifrod, inanely. "Bnt won't you go und get your capo?" 