AN ANECDOTE OF TENNYSON. A nmrriod couple, old friends of Tennyspn, who had been travelling in the East for some years, returning to England, wrote to the poet to an nounce tlieir whoroabouts and beg him to call and see them. Accord ingly one line afternoon Tennyson betook himself to Shepherd's Bush, and on ringing at the bell, learned they were not at home. " Well, then, I will just write them a note, and arrange for a day of meeting," said ho to the housomaid. Forthwith j lie was conducted to the drawing-room where quills, ink and paper were sup plied. Whon signing his name to a polite little note, Tennyson, >13' a jerk of tho pen, overturned the ink-bottle, and great was his dismay at seeing a large pool of ink spreading rapidly over his friend's new white Persian carpet of matchless beauty. Horror stricken, he rang tho bell. Up ran the sorvant. " For God's sake, help me !" cried thopoot. Now it happened that the milkman had just left a can of frothing milk at the door. And the intelligent handmaid remembered, in the nick of time, that new milk, if thrown over wet ink would remove all traces of the despoiling fluid. Ac cordingly she overturned the jug on the largo black pool, and with house flannol and cloths, sot about rubbing and scrubbing at tho stain. Down went Tennyson, on his liands and knees, rubbing and scrubbing with liis little help-moet. His agony of; mind for fear that ? liis old " friend should lcnoclc .at the door , and sud denly appear on the scene of disaster he of ton described in later days, de claring it " to reach to the infinite." With such a good will did this strango couple work together that evory trace of ink was removed. '' Hero is ? a.. iivo shilling piece, iny good girl,", criod the poet," "and God bless you!" With that ho seized his hat and uuido for the door.. . Some weeks later tin invitation to dine with his old friends reached Tennyson. He went. And the carpet was in no way alluded to, on either side. A lady writes from Germany that she ia discouraged about learning the Gorman language. A German friend, who tried to converse with her in English,V made such a mistake that she fears slio nuiy do as badly in-German. The German gen tleman innocently gave^this rendering "of a. familiar, {saying '. "Tlic ghost is willing butlbe mea't is fespre." 