Thorpe Manor Ghost. DEAE FBANK.-I bave found the ver; house for you-Jacobean period, and almost original, lt was a trifle spoiled by some Philistine individual about thirty yearn since, but with your taste and the aid of the local architect, everything can be put right. This pearl of a house goes by the name of Thorpe Manor, and is, of course, haunted, so you may relieve the monotony of country life by a genuine ghost hunt.-Ever yours, JOHK RIDGWAY. P.S.-The house is in Burrey, about foul miles from Winton Station. You had bette) come down at once, as I heard some one else is after it. ÂT that time I was a fairly good-looking well-to-do-bachelor of thirty-five. Mj ample leisure I devoted to antiquarian researches in literary work, and the col lectionof curios. I had no relatives and few friends, and I lived an almost soli tary and perfectly happy life in mj chambers. Among what some people called my " craze " was an enthusiasm for ancient houses, and I had deputed John Ridg way, an artist friend of mine, who lived in Surrey, to find me a genuine old country house - a dreamy, rambling place- where I could spend the sum mer. Hence bis letter. As the train steamed into thc little station at Winton, John rushed up to my carriage and clasped my hand. Dear old chap, he quite beamed with joy at the prospect of showing mc his wonderful house. " Charming old place ! I've had my eye on it for months !" he said as we walked over the common. Then bc produced the inevitable note book and pencil and was soon drawing plans and explaining details. As we passed through the village we called upon the house agent and took bim with us. He was a prosaic man, and evidently thought we were a couple of mild lunatics, so excited did we be come, when suddenly turning a steep incline, we stood in front of Thorpe Manor. It was a quaint old house, standing back a little from the road, and its walls were as perfect as when they were first built, but mellowed and beau tified by time. We walked up the prim gravel path to the wide doorway with its fantastic carving. Here our agent produced a huge, rusty key and unlocked thc door, which swung back easily on its large hinges. We entered and went through the rooms, which had low ceilings and broad window seats. Most of these bad panelled walls, though some of them had been covered with paper, which, of course, we said must come off. One of the bed rooms-which I thought from the elaborate carving on the high mantel shelf and the beautiful oak panelling, had originally been the state one-was perfect. I felt strangely attracted to this room, I know not why, and as we turned to leave I lingered behind the others for a parting glance. Then I slowly went down the winding stairway. " Seen the ghost ? " asked John, jestingly. The agent looked uneasy. Ghosts are tiresome things and are apt to militate very much against the chances of secur ing a good tenant, but I re-assured him by remarking that I rather liked ghosts, and that so far as I could Bee the house was exactly What I wanted. Of coarse there were many details to be settled about the lease, repairs, and other mat ters, and I stipulated that I should be allowed to make some alterations, such as removing the staring plate glass with which the late owner had " modernized " the windows of the lower rooms. Six weeks later I was installed in my new residence. The alterations were not nearly completed, bat declining the Ridgway's pressing invitation to take up my quarters with them, I occupied two rooms in the old house and engaged a woman in the village to come daily and attend to my simple wants. On the third evening after my arrival I was smoking my favorite pipe by a wood fire in the oak room, which I had made my bed room. It was nearly twelve o'clock, but being accustomed to late hours I did not feel inclined for bed, far from it. I decided to have one more pipe, and hastily taking up my pouch I began to refill my pipe. Sud denly I stopped short, and with my little finger still rammed into the bowl of the pipe, left roy chair and walked to the opposite side of the room, for I could have sworn I saw the pannelling move ever so slightly upward. Nor was I mistaken, for very slowly the whole panel disappeared and in the opening stood the figure of a woman. The room was dark, for the wood fire had begun to smoulder, so I could not sec what she was like-young or old, ugly or beautiful. I was not nervous-I had a profound disbelief in the supernatural - so I simply waited to see what the intruder proposed to do. She advanced into the room and came close to my elbow, then raised her head and beckoned me to follow her. Of course I went, and she led me through the aperture and down a steep wooden staircase. It was pitch dark, but I struck matches at intervals. My companion went on quickly, never looking behind ber, but I smiled as she raised her skirts gingerly from the dusty stairs, and once I saw the woman shudder as a rat scuttled by. " No ghost this," thought I. On we went down the wooden stairs till at last we came to some stones all green and humid, owing to neglect. We continued our course, going down flight after flight of damp, slippery stairs, till at length to my relief my companion paused before a heavy oaken door, then opened and entered. Fol lowing her, I found myself in a low, vault-like chamber, more like cell than anything else. The floor was stone, tbe walls were bare, but it was apparently inhabited, for there were a few articles of furniture, a rickety, spindle- legged table, a couple of high-backed, worm-eaten chairs, and a battered horsehair sofa. In the grate, too, burned a small fire, and a couple of tall white candles in tarnished sconces were on the narrow mantelshelf. In the dim light afforded by these candles and the fire I closely scrutinised the woman who had brought me there. She was tall and slender, and wore a loug russet gown of an old-fashioned cut, but her face was pale and sad, with sharp, clear-cut features, and a mass of rough, reddish hair was carelessly twisted into a long knot at thc nape of her neck. She motioned me to one of the chairs, taking the other herself, and she now sat bending over the fire, apparently too deep in her own bitter reflections to be conscious of my presence. The ex pression on her thin, worn face was very sorrowful, and her hands were tightly clinched in her lap. But, though thin and worn, her face was still lovely, and as I gazed I thought how lovely it would be were the hollows filled out and the deep lines smoothed away. Suddenly with a little resolute gesture she turned towards me, and began to speak in low, rapid tones. " I brought you herc because I wanted to tell you my story, and I want you to help if you will give it." Then with voice rising and falling with varying emotions, and with deep, grey eyes fixed on my face, she told her sad tale. The beginning was commonplace enough-a beautiful, wilful girl ; a stern, unyielding father ; two lovers, one brave and handsome, the other morose and nnattractivc ; a proposed flight-a sud den death-a broken heart-the last three were the tragic elements. " And I saw them carry him past the house-dead," she said, speaking in a strange, dull way, " and for a long time I think I must have lost my senses. When my father still insisted on my marriage with the wretch he had chosen for my husband, I raised no protest. I viewed the preparations for the wedding with indifference. I seemed turned to stone, But a week before the marriage my reason returned, and I realised the coil which was tightening around me. Then it was that I determined on what was virtually a living burial. I was born in this dear old house, and I knew every nook and cranny of it. My foster mother had shown me the sliding panel in the room above that which I occupied, and she and I were the only living per sons who knew the secret. She was devoted to me, and I at length won her over to my plan. " On the night before my bridal day I fled down here, and here I have remained ever since. For eight years I have been dead to the world. I had valuable. mother's. That has been gradually sold, and on the proceeds I have sub sisted. My foster mother comes daily and brings me food-not through the house of course. There is a secret path and door of communication in the garden." " And the ghost ?" I queried. " Oh," she said, with a queer little smile, " I am the ghost ! You see, I wanted to keep the house empty, so that I mipht wander about the rooms and grounds; but now I ara tired of this unnatural existence. Life will always be sad for me. I hare had a dreadful grief, and all my dear ones are dead; but, in spite of all, my youth reasserts itself, and solitude bas lost its charm. So I wish to return to the world, and you can help me to do so. Will you 1 " Of course I helped her, and within a week from that time the Thorpe Manor " ghost,"-now laid for ever-was safe under the kind wing of John Ridgway's little wife, and by the time the roses were blooming in my sweet-scented old fashioned garden, the "ghost " too, had bloomed into beauty, and I, sober old bachelor, had fallen in love-quite hope lessly, I told myself, for her heart was with her dead, and yet it happened that one June afternoon, as we stood alone by the sundial on the sloping shady lawn, something gave me courage. Perhaps it was that she looked so sweet in her fresh muslin gown, with the flower in her belt, or perhaps because I caught a strange, fleeting look in her shy grey eyes ; anyway, I know she murmured that she loved the dear old home, with its many gables and pretty garden. Then I whispered : "Need you leave it?" And looking under the broad-brimmed garden hat into her .flushed happy face, I added, " Come, sweet ghost, and haunt the old place for ever 1" And she consented. 