; LS LXTTEaATEtJR. '.C 1 (From tbo Week.) ' DIARISTS. '-'- v: Amongst literary men plaoo must eyer'bb found for diarists, Diary writing is well within the field of pnre literature, and some rare.jgemB are encased in all the-best diaries. It requires a neoulior rift to write a diary. One' : must have a nice perception of persons,, things, and , events ; arid must be ablqjto see what isribwest, and what will be.of. permanent intorest. Tho best course for any ono to pursue when atleihpt- ing to keep a diary is. to jot - down with 'the freest hand sensations and perceptions... of only those objects whioh most naturally ..and most doeply impress thomind. If ono's task is to desoribeiiondqn, why he must go about it withoutregardtothe distinotion hotwoon objoots whioh striko him and thoso whioh do not. He must describe all, howover familiar they may bo to'himself. Bat tho aiarist has a different task. Ho must throw off impressions. Thoy are fresh to him, and thoy are certain to. he' inter esting; and probably will ho ' permanent in their interest. In somo respects ; Samuel Bepys stands unrivollod as a diarist. Ho- must ho placed amongst the immortals. "Gossipy as an old woman of tho gossipy Bort, always he had on eye for tho comio, the lttdioijeus, the things whioh other men would write with bated breath. Bepys never meant any. harm, and wrong generally is in tho intention.- Ho was so .honest in oilico when honesty wns raj:e that, reliable history says ho was;' almost, tho only honest official under 'jGhorles' H. and James" H. Bepys wrote for himself,' it- is said; and- lionco tlie freedom and freehucss of his diary. Ho tolls in tho most oheerful and confident manner his -con flicts with Mrs. Popys, and how thoy ended. Bopys's diary is so good, 'medicinally,1 that I have known it to. ho recommended by a! dootor to a long-standing patient. Since hisjday thoro havo been moro pretentious diarists ; hut ho will live whon they are forgotten. Ho ' will never ho admirod. ' Every diarist is in. moro than ordinary danger of being led- away. by vanity, spleen, and similar forces ; or, what amounte to the Bumo thing, persons of that class are very likely to become diarists. ' ' "Wit ness ono, the latest; the notablo Mr. Croker, For couepit, apitof ulnoas, ; envy, and ovory ovil thing, commend us to tho Hon. Croker. . His oumhorsomo volumes aro valuablo only to those who can oheck overy statement in them by. reference to reliablo history. Ho riuiy' bo be hoved, perhaps, without confirmatory testi mony when ' ho desoribes tho scone of swearing in the lost King of England. His Majesty expressed his opinion' of the pen given him to sign his name with on taking tlio oath.. If , the pan went whore his .Majesty sent it, it is now too late to recover it ; otherwise a needy individual should make a fortune out of "that goose quill. "Wo are assured that her present Majesty is a groat- diarist ; and I must namo her as an exception to tho rule of .'persons likely to become diarists. She must have boon drawn into it from necessity, and not from ohoico ; and the worth of hor diary will .'lie to' no small extent in tho unique foots about which Bho lias made jottings, and snclr scopo for jottings as no other person has ovor had the ohanco to enjoy. - I must mention tho gracious Evelyn, I take a skotohfrom him. I doubt if any professional reporter, even Blowitz or Russell, would have written with equal naturolncBS. It ik; un- artistioart. It is a fragment of a sketch' of a splendid cavaloado at tho opening of his, First Parliament by ' LOUIS XIY. ,v " I wont to visit Mr. Hobhes,, thor'famouB philosopher of Malmesbury, with wliom I had long acquaintance. From his < win dow1 wo saw tho wholo equipage and glorious cavaloado of tho young French monarch, Louis XTV., passing to Parliament, whori first ho took the kingly government on him, now being in his 14th year, out of his minority and tho Queen - Rogent's pnpilago. , . . Then came abundance of footmen and pages of tho King, new-liveried with white and red feathers ; - next, the garde du corps and other officers ; and,, lastly, appoarod the' King himself on an Isabella barb, on whioh a housing sernce, with eroBses of tho Order of the Holy Ghost, and fleurs-do-lis ; tho King him- . self, like a young Apollo, was in a suit so covered with rich embroidery that one- could porceivo nothing of tho stnfi under it ; ho went almoBt tho wholo way with his bat in hand, salnting tho ladies and acolamators who had filled tho -windows with their hoauty, ((nd tho air with Vive le 1 loi. Ho seamod a prince of a grave yet swoot countonanco. - After the King followed divers great persons of tbo Court, ex ceeding splendid, also his esquires ; masters of horse, on foot;' then tho company of Exempts dee Gardes, arid 'six guards of Scotoh, -Betwixt their files woro.,divors princos. of tho 'blood, - dukes, and lords after all those, the Queen's guard of Swiss, pages, and. footmen ; - &en; the Queen-mother herself in a rich ooadi, with Monsieur the King's- brother, the Dijko of , Orleans, and somo other, lords- and ladies of honour. About tbo coaoh marohed hot Exempts dee Gardes, then, the company oi the' King's Gens (Pannes, -well monntod, 150, with four trumpets, and bb many of tho Queen'p ; lastly, on innumerable 'oompariy of cbaehes;:full of ladies and gallants. In this equipage , passed the monaroh to .the Parliament, henceforth oxereising his kingly Government.": 1 take another sketoh from, an unpretending little diary on. . : SUNSET AT 8BA. " There -was a lovely snrisot. The richness of tho colours surpassed anything I have ever soen. In tho west, thoro wero long, irregular ranges of olonds' that appeared like - distant woodod hills sloping down to the sea, with the fiery orb of day sinking behind them.- Theso hills of vapour became tipped with glowing fire, and the bases deepened into tho richest purple; then. thoy broke into huge blocks of rod-hot glittering gold, "and, as these hues changed und varied evory moment, thoy woro reflected on tho oolm clear waters,' Sometimes tbo Boa soomod liko an immense sheet of purplo velvet, gently moving up'nnd-down ; thon like a sea of blood ; thort like ' gloss minglod with firo.' Thon, as tho sun descended nearer Its ooean-hed, it blazed eut q brilliant orimHon orb of firo, throwing its somtillations across tlio heavens, and touoliing 'into unimuginahlo tints of beauty overv littlo piooo of fleeoy oloud in tho sky. Tho sky itsolf was of a bright goldon bluo, but hero and thero towards tho south, not far abovo tho horizon, hotwoon tlio hanks of clouds, thoro woro patchos of polo bright groon ; those looked liko inland hikes among tho mountains. The varied colour's, ovor ouanging, ovor assuming now glories, woro simply indosoribablo." I append another oolec- tion whioh is truly in diarist form, and it speaks for itself : — SIR GEORGE EOOTEN. "Thopopniaco of Brishano was toldbv a fow stump orators that an issue of unlimited 'groonbaoks' would create unlimited funds for their employment on publio works, white at tho same timo it woukl ruin tho bankers, squatters, morohants, and other capitalists— thoso objects of tho joalous disljko of a democracy. A so-called ' indignation meeting.' was hold, at whioh tho governor and tiro majority of tho legislature (which wan also liostilo to ' groonbaoks ') woro denounced in violont terms ; soveral loading members of Parliament woro ill-treated in tlio streota ; and threats woro oven uttorod of burning down Govornmont House, nnd treating ma na Lord Elgin was trcatod at Montreal -in ' 1840. I noed soarcoly say tluit I am not to ho intimi dated in tlio disohargo of my duty, besides, all tho education, property, and intelligence of tho colony woro ou my eido. In common with both Houses of tho Colonial Parliament I Btendily and calmly hold my oourso, and in a fow days, indeed in n few hours, publio confi- dcaco. arid tranquillity wero restored," . 