THE EFFECTS OF PROTECTION. At Donnybrook Fair, it is said, the custom among the country folk was to have a general mek'c first and to enquire what were the causes of the quarrel after wards. The statement is not without sug gestiveness to any one who will seriously consider the present ridiculous position of the Australasian Colonies in fighting one another through the medium of hostile tariffs. One colony levies a 25 per cent, duty on goods coming from another, and the second returns the compliment by charging the same duty on all goods which it receives from its neighbour. Which of them in the end gains a point over its rival ? . Are they not both like the disputants in Hudibras who gave each other such terrible knocks, 'though not a man of them knew wherefore ?' Some such questions have evidently been forcing themselves on the minds of the Victorian people. Bishop Goe has told them during the past week that in a time of depression from a roligiaua point of view they will find it far more easy to think over mending their ways than in times of land booms and other extravagances ; and the same remark, it appears, may be applied also from a fiscal standpoint. In fact it is not alone in Victoria, but in all the leading colonies, that the financial diffi culties of the past few months have begun to engender in the minds of the high-tariff men many vague but tortur ing doubts as to the ultimate efficacy of their panacea for all the ills that national industry is heir to. In New South Wales-as we saw quite recently— a Labour Conference solemnly and for mally decided by a small majority that the ghost known as the fiscal issue, or free trade versus protection, should not be further raised. But the ghost refuses to be laid. The present Labour members assured the Congress at Sydney that so far from being inert it was very lively indeed, and that any Labour member who tried to ignore its existence when on the hustings would be jeopardizing the chances of his election. The electors know that through the heavy Customs taxation they ate compelled to bear the hard knocks like the lighters in Hudibras ; and if. any man knows wherefore they naturally want him to explain the reason fully. But it is in Victoria that this great question is forcing itself forward most prominently. Two months ago a motion was introduced in the Assembly for the appointment of a Royal Commission to enquire into the subject of tariff amend ment. This was generally felt to be putting the issue too bildly. It almost looked like asking the Assembly to change its mind on the subject of pro tection ; and such a mental attitude would of course be infra dig. with a Vic torian Legislature. Therefore the scope of the mandate was altered so as to pro vide for an enquiry into the effect of the fiscal system upon industry and produc tion. Instead of a Commission it Was decided to appoint a Committee, .both Houses to take evidence and furnish a report; and under the presidency of Mr. JosepU Bosisto the members aro now travelling about the country, and are sparing no pains to collect the facts upon which in future they may be able to base an intelligent judgment. During the past week they hav6 been at Nhill, and a full report of their proceedings appears in the newspaper published ab that important centre of the western distriofc. a large number of wit nesses gave evidence, and the general, the almost unanimous, verdict was that the present fiscal system of Vic toria imposes a very heavy ' handicap on the producing interests. The duties on wheat, oats, and other cereals are really of no practical use to the farmer as a set-off to what he suffers under the flystero which forces him to pay dear rates for everything that he uses. In fact, when Councillor Keeping, a farmer in tbe district, ex pressed the opinion that the whole of the farmers of Victoria were prepared to surrender their interests in the tariff o£ the colony in order to have free trade the Chairman had some difficulty iu stopping the applause among the othei ? farmers who were present. 'These poor fellows feel it, sir,' said Mr. Keep ing ; ' they know I am telling the truth.' The South Australian farmer is not at present flourishing ; but he appears to be more fortunate, at least in some matters, than his neighbour in Western Victoria. It was Btated that a stripper which cost £45 in South Australia would cost £60 in Victoria, and in regard to reapers and binders the astonish ing and almost incredible assertion was made that the machines which were sold in America at £25 cost the Victorian farmer £05 ta purchase. Then, again, the farmers in the Wimmera district are seriously handicapped by the attempts to force all traffic to Melbourne. The rates of freight from Dimboola to Ser viceton were raised not many months aijo by about 200 per cent., and at the pre sent moment it costs £2 per ton less to send some classes of goodb from Melbourne to Adelaide by steamer, and then have them taken to Nhill over the South Australian Railways than to have them conveyed by train from Melbourne. Some of the witnesses called atten tion to the advantages cf having rail communication with Portland. But the policy of the Victorian Railway department seems to be to hit their own outports just as hard as they do those of other colonies, for quite recently the rates from Casterton to Melbourne have been reduced so as not only to prevent traffic from over tho Border into South Australia, but also to discourage it from benefiting Portland. The farmer's lot in the Wimmera is, indeed, a hard one. He gives his hired man 20s. per week and his keep, hut gets less than that, as a rule, for his own labour, unless he has a considerable number of live stock. With his miserably low returns he has to face high prices, and the knowledge that these are kef t up by rings of manufacturers and merchants in Melbourne must make him feel his position all the more keenly. Large areas of abandoned selections are to be reason that it is found quite impossible to make wheatgnming pay. Surely the lessen must force itself homo to the mind of tho most inveterate friend of mono poly and tariff-rigging. Tho burden of taxation on the farming community is now intolerable, not merely on account of what actually goes into the public revenue, but also by reason of tho added profits which the merchant must charge. It is reckoned that for every £25 which tho Wimmera farmer contributes to the Trea sury through Customs duties he really pays no leas than £H- '3s. The fiscal system, so far as tho Wimmera is con cerned, has been shown most emphati cally to be a failure, and the same result will doubtless be arrived at elsewhere. Indeed, unless the farmers in Australia generally are enabled to throw off the shackles which at present hamper them in their terribly severe struggle in the markets of the world, there is only too much reason to fear that there will bo in Australia many more deserted home steads, such as there are in some parts of the -western district of Victoria at the present moment. Tue Matabele War.— Dr. Jameson, tho Administrator of Mashonaland, ro ports that the power of the Matabele has been broken ; and the statement is now made, but has not been confirmed, that Lo Uengula himself has been taken prisoner. Even if tho King of Mntabeleland has not actually been captured there is little prospect of his long escaping that; fato. Tho most recent information from Dr. Jameson concerning him is to tho ellect that attended by onlv a few fol lowers he was trying to make good his lli^ht across tho Zambesi, and that his capture was almost certain. It is evident, therefore, that the latest British war in South Africa is fast approaching its end. It has terminated, as in any cir cumstances it was bound to result sooner or later, in the complete success of British arms. The only cause for apprehension that ever existed was lest tho policy of vacillation which for a time seemed U- prevail at the Colonial Office might not be responsible for disaster before meant) were taken to secure an effectual triumph. But a fitting sense of the gravity of the situation at length took possession of tliu minds of the authorities. They realized that the lives --f Englishmen were endangered, and that a victory achieved by the Matabele over tho British South Africa Chartered Conipiny's forces might have a most serious influence upon native tribes owinc fealty to Great Britain in South Africa. Tho restraining hand placed upnn the Chartered Company was in consequence removed. Tho Bechuana land Border Police, under tho command of M.-ijor Goold Adams, were instructed to aid the whito settlers in tlirii difficulty. Even Imperial regulars at the Capo were allowed to volunteer for active serviceagainstLoBengula. Leftfreoto act, tho Chartered Company speedily entered upon the campaign in real earnest, and ' before long U13 dusky King's warriors learned to their cost that activity, cun ning, and undoubted bravery when joined to tho use of only the most primitive weapons of war were of no a\ail against the superior tactics, the deadly rifle, and tho havoc-making machine-gun of the white man. That the cam paign has been conducted with so little expense to European life ia due no less to tho skill ami knowleds' exercised l»y those in command than to the superior equipment of the attack'iit,' force. The men who controlled and directed tho military operations knew the kind of work cut nut for them and have done it extremely well. There has been no bungling of any kind, but it would seem that Major Adams's column would have met with^an awful end had it' not been for the aid which tho 3?o Chartered Company's men were able to afford it at a critical juncture. An all absorbing question at this moment is what of the future? What is to be done with Lo Bengula, and also with Matabeleland ? The Colonial Secretary has declared that the defeated monarch shall receive generous treatment. It is hardly to be supposed that the Marquis of Ripo.i will meet with much opposition so far as the question of the mere personal fate of Lo Bengula is con cerned. But it is not at all improbable that difficulties will ariso when* the future of Matabeleland is being considered and when the question of the recompense to be given to the men who have been serving as volunteers against the Matabele come into the reckoning. Especially may this be said if a statement which reeently appeared in a South African paper is founded on fact. According to this the agreement between the Chartered Com pany and its volunteers runs as follows:— '1. Protection on all claims in Mashonaland and for six months after the war. 2. Right to a Matabele farm, o,000 morgen, pioneer rights, title deed within reasonable time. 8.. Twenty claims in Matabeleland. 4. Loot, half to Company and remainder to officers and men equally. f). Each man to ba mounted, equipped, and rationed.' Thera are undertakings ex pressed here about which we fancy the Imperial Government will be disposed to say something. Of course it is absurd to imagine that the Matabele will in the future be tolerated as neighbours in the character which they have so long sustained. Their reign of blood, cruelty, oppression, and credulity must come to an end. Dr. Jameson proposes to disband and settle them in the north and north - west of Matabeleland, giving their head men cattln and subsistence. But whether the British Government are favourable to this scheme is not knoxn. As the expense of the campaign has been borne by the Chartered Company Mr. Rhodes and his colleagues will not unnaturally expect to make the most of tho advantage they \- have pained. The Imperial Government are not to be envied in the task before them of settling in a spirit of justice to nil the differences that may arise. Municipal Eleitioxs.— Except where there have been complete walkovers— and these are very few— the ratepayers in the municipalities of the colony will be called upon on Friday next to fill up the annual vacancies occurring in their respective Town Councils. 1'riday was nomination-day for all tho elective offices . — Mayors, Aldermen, Councillors, and Audi tors— and where there was a larger number of candidates than is required to supply the vacancies proceedings were postponed till December 1 to enable the ratepayers to declare their choice at the ballot-box. With the ex ception of Grey Ward Councillorship and the Auditorship there will be competition for all the vacant seats in the city. The Mayor (Mr. Charles Willcox), who is seeking re-election, will be opposed by Councillor Robertson. Four candidates are out for the two Alder manic offices, one of them beinjt the Mayor of .Fort Adelaide (Mr. C. Tucker). Sixteen persona have been nominated for the six ordinary vacancies in the city wards. Mr. W. L. Ware, who was ro-elented City Auditor, has had a lease of this office for upwards of fifteen years. The Mayors of four suburban towns— Glenelg (Mr. K. Smith), Kensington and Norwood (Mr. T. White). {Semaphore (Mr. P. Sansom), and St. Peters (Mr. A. S. Cheadle)— were all re-elected on Friday, Mr. Sansom taking the civic chair for the third term. Mr. R. B. Curaing was elected for the Mayoralty of Thebarton. Con tests will take place next week for the Mayoralty in Hindmar.sb, Port Adelaide, Unley, and Brighton. In addition to five suburban towns fifteen out of the twenty-four corporate towns in the country have allowed their Chief Magistrates to take office without a contest, the majority of these having served previously. Altogether the names of about; -SO candidates were read ,. out by the Returning Officers ou Friday, ihis . numbar being about 100 in excess ol the com ? plement. An analysis of the tirades and ? professions, bo far as they have been supplied ' by our correspondents, shows that agentd are . numerically stronger than any other cla&s; in the nomination - lists, while storekeepers, accountants, merchants, builders, and '(jentlamen' are very largely represented. There are also several solicitors. A striking feature is the increased number of mechanics who are seeking election. One of the candi dates for a Councillorship at Gladstone is a Btblfl Christian minister. It is understood that of the country towns Port Pirie will have the most lively contest!. The Victor Haedouk Bom:.— Thelnspector of Mines has received tho following telegram from the foreman of the diamond drill at Victor Harbour :— ' Struck blue shale at 20 ft. Depth now 70 ft.; still in bhut ahale.' The . Commissioner of Crown Lands has received from Mr. Mclntyre, the Manager of the bore, a piece of shale taken from tho bore at the depth of SO feet. The ehale is of better quality than was met with in the first bore, which had to be abandoned recently owing to an acci dent to the plant. Export of Bitteh.— The Butter Expert has passed nearly 10 tons oi butter on which bonus is to be paid, and which will be shipped next week far England. No les; than SO boxes or 10 tons hud to be rejected. All the bonus butter which is exported now is branded to the effect that: it has been paaeed by the Government Expert. Next Wednesday morning a party of members of Parliament will, with the Minister of Education and Agriculture, inspect the refrigerating chambers. Explosives at Pour Adelaide. — Tho Mayor of Port Adelaide has takuu still one more step towards securing ohe citizens of the town against danger from explosives. He recently asked the Railway Commissioners not to allow bxploaivos to be received at- the Port, and the Chairman has told him that the request has baen ac-ueied to. In future they will have to be token direoS from tbu North Arm to the city and elaewhere. . Captain- Biuxsjiien.— Captain Brinsden, the ? ? well-known Secretary of thu Federated Em :' ployers1 Council, is aeriously ill. Mu. A. J. Eiuawiis, S.M.— The numerous friends of Mr. A. J. Edmunds, S.M., will regrot to learn that his health is in a critical state. In September last Mr. Edmunds was granted eight months' leave of absence, hi* friends thinking that a rest from Mnpisterial duties would improve his health, which was undermined from the effects of overwork. Mr. Edmunds has been confined to his bed for a couple of months. The S.M. is about tifty . seven years of age, and has been a Stipendiary Magistrate of the colony for nea.-ly eighteen years. The Intercolonial Rifle Match.— This match ia to be tired in Melbourne on Monday next. The final selection of the team to repre sent) South Australia will be made to-day by Captains Easelbach and Hipwoll and Lieu tenant tho Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin, who are deputed by the South Austra lian National Rifle Association to do bo. Mr. O'Loghlin left for Melbourne by tha express on Thursday after noon. There aie sixteen South Australians competing in tho Vieturian matches, from whom ten h»»e t.. bo chosen to uphold the honour of South Australia in the intercolonial match. Pbospects of the Season.— A oorrespon ient writes:— 'Reaping may be said to be general in the Hundreds of Neales, Bower, Brownlow, and English, and by Monday »r Tuesday next most of the crops in the Hun dreds of Bright, Bundey, Krichauff, and Schomburgk will be operated on. In portions of English the yield will be light, and the crops are invariably dirty. In the last four hun dreds named I compute the average yield of milling grain to be 7A bushels to the acre. I have seen some paddocks which promise 12 bushels, and in one or two instances equal to 1(- bushels, but there are others that will not average more than a bag to the acre. - The crops that have been cut for bay will give an average return of aboub 22 cwt. to the acre. Tho weather has been very favourable for the hay harvest. I *ould strongly recommend the fanners to change their seed, and, if possible, obtain it from a distant district whose climate is of a more humid nature. It is a mistake to sow the progeny of tho same seed year after year on the same land, as ap pears to ba the general practice in the districts travelled over by n-e the past few months. From conversation with many of the farmers I conclude that very few will store their grain for any length of time. Already teams are passed daily by me on their way to the marked The sample of grain in this portion of the country is fairly gcod, and if we except a few lots which the miller will have to make some deductions from through tho mixture of oats it will average quite 63 lb. to tho bushel. I am rather surprised that so little attention has been paid to viticulture or fruitgrowing in these parts. Tiie soil is good for tho purpose, and it is not always wise to have all the eggs in oue basket, as fully 75 per cent, of the farmers in these parts appear to ba satisfied wifch.;l Lakge Fire xeab Teuowie.— On Wed nesday afternoon, about 2 o'clock, dense clouds of smoke were seen tii rise in great volume over the Mount Packer Hill, to the west of Terowie, and it was thought in the town that some of the grass land had been fired by a spark from the engine of the passen ger train. A visit to the scene revealed that about seventy-five tons of hay, comprising two stacks, were on fire at Mr. Wood's farm. Willing helpers soon arrived from the neigh bouring farms, and Mr.- William Hanford, with his assistants and the Messrs. McLeish Brothers, and others of the neighbours, did yeoman service in trying to eecure the machinery and buildings adjoining tho stackyard, and also by preventing the spread of the fire, but the wind was blowing from the north fairly strong, and the heat from the burning stacks and outbuilding was so great that a considerable amount of machinery and harness was destroyed, &s; well as two large sheda.each 70 feet long, and about twenty acres of growing crop. Mr. Wood and his assistants bad left home at 10 o'clock to go harvesting on one of Mr. Wood's farms at Nackara. It is supposed th»t the fire was caused by a match or spark from a pips of one of the men prior to leaving in the morning for Nackara. Mounted-constable Davis, from Terowie, in spected the scene and made enquiry into the probable cause of the fire, and it has been decided that it is not necessary to hold an inquest. The property was not insured. Ax Interesting Helic ok South Aus tralia.— We have been shown by Mr. G. G. Shaw, of Parkeide, a most interesting rslio of the early pioneering days of South Australia. It consists of a copy of -i An Act for the grant ing of licences, the regulating the sale of wine, beer, and spirituous liquors, for the prevention of drunkenness and the promotion of good order in public-houses.' 1'rinted at Glenelg, Robert Thomas & Co., Government Printers, on I'abru^xy '2, 1S.S7. Is is the fourth Act printed in the -.seventh year of William IV., and was passed on the same day that it was printed en the sandhills at Holdfast Bay. Although this ia the fourth Act of William it ib the first one printed, as the numeral on the title page indicates. Acts Xob. 1, 2, and 3 were printed after the primitive printing office was removed to Hindley- street. They were actually passed the month previous. Act No. 1 refers to Quarter and Petty Sessions, Act 2 fixes the qualification of Jurors, and Act o deals with disputes between masters and servants. This relic of our early legislation may be called the first bcok printed in the colony. It is a demy octavo cf eixteen pppes, including four schedules. Clause 12 is very quaint read now*. It . eays — ' That no licensed person shall take or receive in payment, or as a pledge, or in barter or exchange for any euch liquors, any yoads or chattels or other things whatsoever not being currency of the taid province under a penalty of not less than £10 or more than £o0,' which the Government would probably have had to take in goods and chattels. Ill is in good preservation. The proclamation of the colony was printed on a broadsheet, but was probably read from a manuscript because the late Mrs. Robert Thomas in an entry in her diary, dated December 30, 1S3G, says:— 'This day Mr. Thomas received orders to prepare his printing press for the proclamation, which would be required immediately, and in consequence wa« obliged to hire r. truck to bring up one of the presses and the type, which with some other packages utill remained on the beach, where we had intended they should remain till our final settlement, _s we did not expect to corr nience prin tints till then.' THE LATE MR. C. McDONALD.— Our Gawler correspondent in Friday's Register announced the death, suddenly, of Mr. Charles McDonald, of Woodend Farm, near Roseworthy, from apoplexy, at the age of seventy-one years. The deceased gentleman was highly honoured, his farm being the admiration of every one who visited it. Mr. H. Kelly, a member of the Agricultural Bureau, who knew Mr. McDonald well for thirty years, informs us that he always regarded him as a model agriculturist, and has frequently offered to pay the expenses of any man who would go to Woodend Farm and from 200 acres pick enough weeds to fill his waistcoat pocket. Mr. McDonald farmed his 700 or 800 acres on the fallowing principle, cropping only a third of it every year. He worked the land well, and kept it wonderfully clean. He never burned the stubble, but used it for sheep and cattle, and in addition to wheatgrowing he was a successful dairy farmer. On Friday our Gawler correspondent wrote:— "The funeral of the late Mr, Charles McDonald took place yesterday at the Willaston Cemetery. There was a large gathering of relatives and friends. The deceased gentleman came to the colony in 1851, and entered the employ of the Hon. James Martin as a striker. In 1854 he began farming at Woodend, near Roseworthy, and being possessed of considerable energy and intelligence was very successful. His method of cultivation ensured for him a name amongst the most skilful farmers of the colony, and when the Angas prizes were being competed for he secured two firsts, and one second. In his early days the late Mr. McDonald was an expert hand at the sickle, and is credited with having reaped nine acres in ten days with that implement." Tiik Patsmax Rabbi r-KiLLiNt: Process.— Today publiu tritust of this process trill take place at Murray Bridge in the presence of a lirga company. A Bicycle Ride to Melbourne —On Sunday, at midnight, Mr. Frank Toms will make an attempt to lower T. D. Scott's record from the Adelaide to the Melbourne Post Offices, Scott on his journey was unassisted by p»cemaker8. but Toms expects to be paced throughout. Burgess will accompany him to Crafers. when Baker will probably take up the running as far as Murray Bridge. There H, W. Clark will be met, and he will pilot the --orth Adelaide- representative through the Ninety-mile Desert, to Border Town, where O'Crrady joins in and assists till Mount Gam bier is reached. From there Hourigan takes command as far as Hamilton, where Scott, the previous holder of tho record; assumes the leadership, and paces through to Melbourne. ? Fatal Train Accident at Port Adelaide. —A sad accident occurred in St.. Vincent street, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening, when a lad named Edward Collins was killed by the 8.30 train from the Port to the Sema phore. No one seems to have seen the accident, which occurred just in front of Dr. Morris's house. The driver of the engine, Jonathan B. Walker, did not notice any one in front of the engine, but felt a jolt and applied the brakes immediately, pulling up within a few feet. The head was completely severed from the body, which was frightfully mangled. The report of the occurrence was conveyed to the police, and Constables Jewell and Burfotd removed the body to the morgue, where it was identified by the father of the deceased. No evidence is forthcoming to explain how the lad came to ba on the line. He was about sixteen years of age, and was employed at the Colonial Sugar Company. Removal of as Old Landmark. — One more of the few remaining 'old-time memories' of Port Adelaide is rapidly disappearing, and in a short time what used to be regarded as an old land mark will have been altogether removed. There are few residents of the Port to-day who oan recollect the erection of the first Harbourmaster's residence in what is now known as St. Vincent-street, and adjacent to the Town Hal!. This old building, which was made of brick, was put up by Mr. David Bower in 1S47, and was first occupied by Captain Hugh Quin, then Harbour master of the Port. This was the second private residence that was erected at Port Adelaide, the other funding at the time being that occupied by Dr. Duncan, and now in possession of Mr. P. H. Wright. Besides these residences there were very few other buildings in the Port in those early days, the Government Stores Bnd the old Cale donian Hotel being the chief, When the house was built by Mr. Bower the Port Creek used to run close to the door, causing parents alarm on more than one occasion. Captain Quin remained in the house for twenty years, and since then it has been occupied by various persons. The property having been sold to tho Port Corporation the old house is now being demolished so that the ground may be put to a better use. Arrival of the Westmeath.— The steamer Westmeath, which ia expeoted to arrive this moraine from Melbourne, is one of the largest cargo Tessels that has ever visited the colonies. She entered Sydney Harbour some weeks ago, but owing to the temporarysus pension of large wool shipments on account of the dispute between the «elling brokers and the buyers she did not take in a large cargo. After a short stay she went on to Melbourne, where she loaded up with wool. Space has still been left for close on 5,000 bales, which will be put in at this port. Whether the vessel will proceed to the Port wharf depends upon the decision of the captain. The depth of water that the vessel is drawing on arrival will have to be taken into consideration. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. are the agents. Messrs. Pkxtold & Co.'s Vineyard.— On Friday afternoon a party of members of tbe S.A. Chamber of Manufactures visited Messrs. Penfold & Co.'s vineyard, Magill. The visitors comprised Messrs. L. Graysnn (Chairman of the Chairman), James Duucan, T. Hack. W. W. Forwood, G. Stace, Wilton Hack, and W. dark (Secretary). Other gentlemen were prevented from being present through urgent business engagements. The party were met by Mr. Joseph Gillard, jun., the Manager for the firm, who conducted them first over the vineatrd and then in turn through the cellars, where over 300,000 gallons of wine ia stored, and the packing department. Much satisfaction was expressed by the visitors with the compact and cleanly nature of tbe establishment, as well as with the quality of the wine, which they bad an opportunity cf sampling. Eastern Sukuuban V.M.C.A.— John H. Garden. Hon. Secretary, writing from Beulah road, Norwood, calls attention to a long-felt want of this Association. He says: — 'We have in connection with the above a reading room and library, but have been and are nuw utterly unable, through lack of funds, to pro vide the reading matter necessary. Possibly many of your readers have books, papers, periodicals, &c;, which they could con veniently spare. We should be very thankful for any such, and can promise that a good use will be made of them, as many of our young men would spend their evenings in our reading-room if we had books for them to read. Any one deEirioua of so assisting us kindly communicate with me.:- ' St..' John's Eve.'— On Saturday next will be presented for the first time in Adelaide Cowen's cantata known as ''St. John's Eve,' Full rehearsals for vocalists and orchestra have been most successfully carried on, and a first-class performance may be expected. The poem is formed from an old English idyll, and written by Joseph Bennett. Particularly tuneful and pleading is the music from begin ning to end, and being interpreted by the Cathedral Choir, which will be largely aug mented for tne occasion, it should be heard to considerable advantage. It is to be hoped that the praiseworthy efforts of those who are sparing no pains in arranging the performance will be adequately appreciated. Rivkr Lkvbls.— The following shows the state of the rivers above summer level at tbe undermentioned places as 9 a.m. on No vemlier 24: — Echuca, IS ft. 11 in.; Euscon, 27 ft. S in.; Overland Corner. 18 ft. 2 in.; Morgan. 19 ft.; Renmark, 16 ft. 4 in.; Hay, 10 ft. 6 in.; Balranald, 14 ft. 7 in.; Tilpa, 10 ft.; Wiloanuia, 12 ft. 10 in., falling; Menindie, 24 ft. 9 in.; Pooncarie, 2(- ft. -tin.; Wentworth, 21 ft. (V? in.: Brewarrina, H ft. 10 in., falling : Bourke, ti ft. 5 in., falling ; Louch, 7 ft. '?) in., falling. Viticulture. — Professor Perkins is to read a paper at the 8. A 'inf growers' Association meeting on Wednesday next, November 29, on 'Summer Treatment of Vines.' The Pro fessor also lectures on the same subject at Maclaren Vale on Saturday, December !), at the invitation of the Willunga Brauch Bureau of Agriculture. Ckickkt.— This afternoon on the Adelaide Oval tho South Adelaides will essay the task of making the 276 ecored by the Hindmarah. A match will bo begun between she North Adelaides and Australs. At Kensington the Adelaides will continue their innings against tho Norwoods. They have S wickets to fall, and 1SL runs to mako to v- in. 'Pkehistoihc Max.'— His Excellency the LioutenantGovtrnor will preside at the lec ture to be ftiven by Dr. Stirling on ' Pre historic Men' at the Y.M.C. A. next Tuesday. Tho lecture will be illustrated with forty specially prepared lantern slides to be shown by litneliajht. The plan of reserved seats is at S. Marshall &. Son-. 'The Daughter ok Jaiiius.1'— At tba request of many who were prevented from hearing the St. Peters College Choir in their rendering of Stainer's oratorio 'The Daugh ter of Jairus'' on Wednesday last, it has been docided to repeat the work in the College Chapel on Sunday evening after a short ser vice beginning at 7 o'clwk. Strawkkkry .Fkte. — His Excellency the Lieutenuut-Goveruor is announced to open a strawberry fete in connection with St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, at The Olives, GleuelR this afternoon. St. Davids Hall. Burnside.— A fete in aid of tho above will bo huld in Mrs. Howard Clark's paddock this afternoon. The Chief Secretary will perform the opening ceremony. Semavuore Town Hall.— A strawberry fete and cake fair in aid of St. Bedo's Parsonage Fund will be held in the above hall this evening. Y.M.C.A.— The Rev. Loekhark Morton will speak at the Y.M.C. A. this evening in connection with the anniversary of the Y.M.C A. Rescue Bund. Poet Wkslsyax Lkctcre Hall.— Yooal and instrumental competitions will be held in the above hall this evening. 