THE CHURCH SUSTENTATION AND ; EXTENSION SOCIETY. A Few Thoughts on a Larger Policy. BY KEV J. W00LN0UGH. For some months past it has been borne in upon me that there is a splendid possibility for our Church Sus tentation Society by the adoption of a larger policy. I ventured during the sessions of Conference to state my views to the President and a few others of the ministers and laymen. From the recep tion these views then met with, and from the fact that the first fruits of them are now seen in the official visit of the General Secretary to Brewarrina to induct a young minister to his charge, and in response to the request of some ?whose good opinion I value, I venture here to send you a few of my thoughts for what they may be worth. It needs very little evidence to prove that at present this Society is by no means the popular and useful thing which we desire to see it, and which some of us think it can become. Its income is much smaller than the de mands made upon it from year to year. It cannot keep faioh with it3 understood pledge to make up the maxi mum stipend of ministers in dependent circuits, by a long way. Its grants to churches and schools, etc., are practi-: cally at an end, and much disappoint ment and not a little bitterness of spirit among ministers, stewards, and trustees are the consequences. The General Secretary is compelled to travel enor mous distances to appear before small and frequently unsympathetic audiences, to resort to such devices as lec turing upon people who long ago went to join company with the ghosts which troubled them while they lived, and when he has done his bestr: s and tired himself to death, he is regarded as a kind of harpy who once a year will, pounce down on the circuit and carry . away a few pounds that are sadly needed: at home. Of course the circuits know, : but do not always realise it as clearly as . they might that more comes back to them than goes from them. The policy, ? I venture to suggest, begins at THE TAKING UP OP NEW STATIONS. Our policy has been to get data more or less complete (generally less rather than more), lay if. before the District ? Meetings and Conference, and eventually appoint one of our best young men to the station. Our best young men are very inexperienced to start with. The young man eoes (as Mr. Wright would have had to go to Brewarrhn), lands some day unexpectedly from a train or coach, gets his box wheeled to some ob scure lodging, and starts out tn find a, hall or court-house in which to com mence his services. Nobody knows- ?. where he came from, why he is there, nor how long he is intending tov stay. He has no circuit machinery, does not know what he wants, nor how to get it; works and frets his heart out, and often finds little sympathy and , less support. Tho new circuit is a bur den on the Sustentation Society from . the start, and is years before it thinks of learning to go alone. Instead of this,. I think the Suscentation Society should. visit such places between District Meet ing and Conference, have a consultation with any Methodist or other sympa thisers, and explain our Church methods and requirements, see what buildings are available for services, etc. At Con ference he can then say which of the proposed new stations afford the best prospects, and save us from going to places where we cannot get a footing. Then he should go, as he has done with Mr. Wright, and let the people know that our agent is not a mere adventurer come on 'spec,' but is the representative ot the great M9thodist Church, with its endless suc cession of ministerial supply and its grand organisation. He should again summon all who are likely to be work ers, and form a quarterly meeting, or the nearest possible approach to it, ex plaining our conditions of membership and our financial requirements for cir cuit and Connexional purposes. He should advertise, as fully as possible, the induction services, and give the young minister some sort of charge in the presence of his people. In this way I think the young ncen are likely to be encouraged and the people also, aud a good strong start made. Next thing is, usually, the BUILDING OF A CHURCH. When this is talked of in any place, the General Secretary should be com municated with as soon as a suitable stage is reached. He could easiiy sup ply himself with sketch plans of churches of various costs, etc., etc., by keeping tracings of those approved by the Executive Committee. We should then escape such cases as one I can name, where we have a church much beyond the requirements of the place for many years to come, and such a debt upon it that no parsonage effort will be possible for a long time. And another, where a very handsome church was built and paid for, costing over £1,000, and the circuit has no parsonage nor any possibility of supporting a married minister for years hence. There £600 would have supplied a suitable church, and the £400, with Sustentation Grant, would have gone far towards supplying a parsonage. CIRCUITS BECOMING DUE FOR MARRIED MINISTERS. During the fourth year of a circuit's existence, and before the September Quarterly Meeting is held, the general secretary should visit r,he place and hold a convention of all officers and workers, explaining the requirements of the case and heartening the people up to face the increased responsibilities, and, while there, should hold meetings and raise the circuit's quota of the cost of furni ture, say £50, or as much as possible of it. If it was found that no parsonage erection could be entered upon, and no suitable house was available (ns was the plea in so many cases this year, and in former years), overtures could be made to some property owner in the neigh bourhood to erect a suitable house upon a guaranteed tenancy of, say, three*, years, with right to purchase at the end of the time. This would prevent such things as so frequently happen, and are now happening in a circuit very near to me. The minister appointed has had to leave wife and family behind him and come, to find there is no furniture nor any money -available to purchase it with. The officers of the circuit are perplexed, and altogether it is a, very undesirable condition of things. If the general secretary could have visited that circuit six months ago, the stewards and others would have been counselled and encour aged very much, and.it would have served us, in my opinion, better than a thousand miles on a Darling River steamer, and saved our worthy secretary a lot of weariness and chilly disappoint ment. And we should have fewer cir -??;??,'?? cuits by far seeking to evade their responsibilities by crying out for unmar ried ministers after the expiration of the four years. DEPENDENT CIRCUITS. I think our policy towards these has not impressed them as fully as it might, that this Society is a splendid friend to them. I know of one circuit to which the General Secretary travelled a long and very expensive journey. He worked very hard on the old lines, and carried away less than £3, leaving be hind him golden opinions of himself, but leaden ones of the Society. My view, based on the very substantial grounds of a personal visit to the same ci'cuib, is that if he had been permitted by the policy of the Society to write to the superintendent of that circuit and say, ' I propose to visit you at such a time. Will you summon all your officers and workers to meet me at the head of the circuit? We will spend the after noon in prayerful study and consultation on the position and needs of the cir cuit with a view to the introduc tion of improved methods, and at night hold a public meeting of a social character, explain matters to the peo ple, and make as big an effort as we can for a circuit finance. On another even ing — or two, if necessary — hold similar meetings in country places.' Very ex cellent results might have been achieved, and the application for a grant lessened, if not obliterated. Many of our de pendent circuits so dealt with would try to become self-supporting, and the good feeling created towards a society, whose principal officer had been so help ful, would increase the support given to the general fund, as well as save its in come from the heavy strain now im posed. IN THE STRONGER CIRCUITS The General Secretary has often to complain that when he has arranged a visit .he is met by a notice that he must not come just then because some local claim — a church or school anniversary — is up. Why should he not, being al ways one of our ablest and most popu lar men, go and run the anniversary, etc., and throw all his interest into the local matter and then, as a compromise and equivalent;, take an average Sunday collection (after the special one has been taken out) and trade upon the good feel ing thus created to urge the subscribers and collectors forward to help an insti tution that has assisted them. There are several other things, I think, our general secretary ought to be em powered to do, which I cannot now have the conscience to ask space to elaborate, but which I mentioned at Conference time. I write now hoping that circuit stewards, ministers, and others may have their attention directed to the sub ject, and may express their views through the Methodist. I shall be happy to answer any ques tions or explain anything which, in the hurry, I may have imperfectly stated. 