. A Ghost in Clerical Clothes. ;The: -family of the Rev. G. S. Tyler, Wesley air minister, residing in St. George's road, Kilburn, Euglaud, assert confidently that they have each on separate- occasions been the eye-witnesseS of ar remarkable apparition in the house. The Rev. G. S. Tyler, the minister at present attached to the Quex Road Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, and his family, who are; the eye-witnesses of the. ghost, have told a Pall Mall Budget reporter about it.- The house has, for many years now, been the dwelling-place of the various ministers who have succeeded each other every three years at the Quex Road Chapel, Mr. Tyler and his family have lived there now for 18 months. "I have never seen the apparition myself," said Mr. Tyler, "and have al-2 ways beeu a confirmed unbeliever in spirit mani. testation, and so on. But the fact remains, explain it how you will, that my wife and daughters, Ada and Julie, aged respectively 20 and 19 years, have distinctly seen a mysterious something, which, in the absence of any better way of describing it, we have called an apparition. They agree closely in ' their several descriptions of the figure- "It is tha:t of a person attired as a Wesleyan minister might be, iu black clothes of a clerical cut. It is a figure of average stature, with a long grey beard and keen peculiar eyes. It was my younger daughter who first met with the appari; tion. She will tell you in her own way." - Miss Julie Tyler then took up the story. "I was stand ing at the corner of the stairs," she said, " and 1 saw what I took to be pa I had gone to call him - to tea, and when I called him he neither answered nor moved. I thought he was playing with me, and giving me the trouble to go up to him, and I ran up to push him. I pushed right through the figure aud fell against the wall. I was dreadfully frightened, but when I told the others, they laughed at me. But theu Ada later on saw the same figure, and then mother, herself. It was before Christmas that I saw it. No, I had not been reading any ghost stories at all then. But I have since. So have we all." Miss Ada then related her first ex perience of the uncauny. visitor. She was alone in the . house with a child one Sunday evening and saw the fignre in the doorway; She thought a man had broken into the house at first, until she observed, the clerical cut of the figure's garb, and then called her sister's experience. Mrs, Tyler's state ment was that while passing by the small room at the end of the passage one evening she saw Mr. Tyler standing in there, as she thought. She ran upstairs to the study and . there saw the actual Mr. Tyler in the- flesh. It is in this room at the -'end- of the passage, indeed, where the apparition has been. most frequently seen, and the ladies of the house-- hold do not care to venture near it alone. It. is a small room looking out on -to the back garden, hut with wooden shutters, which are fastened over the glass in the evening. " It was in that room," said Miss Jnlie " that I met the figure face to face. I shall never forgot -his - eyes — greyish blue in. color,., and they seemed .to look right through me , quite hungrily." 