A CHAT WITH, A HAUNTED HOUSE EXPERT. (Pail Mail Gazette.) , "Then you don't believe in ghosts, Mr. Brooke ?"' < I " Certainly ' not but I do believe there are people who see them in imagination." I Such was the question put by a representative of the Pall Mall, and the answer received from Mr. W. A Brooke, of 'Maskelyne and Cooke's, who the other day issued a airoular-reproduood in our columns offering to visit " haunted houses and lay the most troublesome ." spook." ' i i . Mr Brooks complains somewhat of the Psychical Research Society, and thinks that if more activity was- shown many houses that have been empty for years, because they have the reputation of being haunted, might be lothian has great faith in individual work in this line, and is convinced that if some one would set himself up as a " specialist," and offer to take up his quarters in the " dread being's own abode for a little time, he might easily find but the real cause of the disturbance and thus do away with the silly notions that soon spread about and give a house a bad " What was your first achievement?" I " Oh, a very simple affair. I was on board a ship in Newcastle, Australia, and we had taken a cargo of coals for New Zealand, but on the day previous to the Bailing every man on board deserted on account of the strange noises that were heard in the ship's hold, and, in fact, all over the vessel., J board the horses myself, and at first was under the impression that some stowaway was in distress, I found out this was not the case, be (having an idea) I commenced imitating various animals, and was soon delighted to hear niyBolf answered. I proceeded cautiously in the direction of the sound, but slipped, and rolling down the heap of coals fell into the arms of the poor little pig that we had lost three weeks before, and which had grown enormously fat during his Wooroora on, existing solely upon coal 1 " " I suppose that in many cases animals are the emu so of those strange, noises ?" ] " Oh, yes; I have had many instances of the kind. One time I was sent for to calm the fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for several nights by unearthly noises and wrapping that had, they assured me, ' come out of the earth I found that the sounds proceeded from the efforts of a cat to extricate its head from a lobster tin under the floors. In another case I was quietly sitting in a ' haunted house,' with a dim glimmer of light, a piece of cheese near a suspicious-looking hole, and my trusty No. 2 shot in a little barrel, when I saw two glistening eyes, and I let go !' I drew forth a beautiful speci- men of the ordinary rut, with a wooden ball tied round its neck ; rio more rapping was heard there. The wood, I presume, had been tied round the poor brute as an old dodge to scare away its companions, and in its journeyings it tapped against the In thE and flour rs." i "What are your methods of unearthing 'ghosts'?" ' ' 1 ! 1 "They are very "simple. I have very acute hearing and can generally locate a sound directly I hear "it; but if I fail to discover in which direction it comes from directly, I make a minute examination of the doors and windows and doors, If I suspect that it is caused by an animal or by some practical joker who is in the house I scatter a little powder or sand around all the entrances, sit down quietly and await the appearance of the apparition or the sound of the creature. It it appears (it never does though I) and goes off again I examine the powder round the doors for footmarks or pawtroada. I understand thoroughly the construction of a house, and consequently can often detect flaws in the building that would not be noticed except by a practical man. Strange noises are caused by a variety of things. Clothes baskets that have contained wet clothes are being up in a warm room after washing day. They will emit peculiar sounds to the nervous. Loose boards under the carpets will set many people wondering, a bottle underneath a wall paper, too, will make a strange ] scratching sound. It is not a sufficiently known fact that imagination is the only intellectual faculty which exercise a direct influence on the bodily organs! those organs being the organs of sense. It acts by producing in them, or in parts of the brain with which they communicate,, the same state which is usually brought about by external objects actually present to them." The eye is most liable to be affected by those false impressions, which occur in many different states of system. I know a man who sees phantoms very often. I have been in his company when he took them he has had two or three attacks of 'D.T.' " Needless to say, Mr. Brooke, you have always discovered the nature and whereabouts of the spirit ?" " Yes. I have never been beaten, but I have had several tough customers to deal with. One house that I visited bore a very bad name.' unearthly shrieks us of a woman while being ill-treated had been heard by the neighbours its well as by the late occupants. I stayed in the house by myself one evening, but failed to hear anything out of the common, until the lady, a few minutes before 12, gave me a taste of her quality. I heard her as I was sitting in the kitchen, and then in the room above ; I went into the garden she was there a I went into the street she was there, I know she was there, because I heard her. I examined the house thoroughly, but without success, until my efforts were rewarded after about a couple of hours' searching, and I traced her voice to the roof. I went for it with a ladder and brought it down under my arm-the chimney-pot cowl was rusty, knocked out of shape by the sweep"s brush, and the wind caused these unmusical sounds." " By no means a pleasant job, dambor- ing over the roof of an empty house ? " " I've had worse. I managed to unearth the cause of tho footsteps that were always heard during rainy weather in a large house in High-street, Deptford, some time since. After swarming about the outside in the wind and wet, I discovered that the gutter was stopped up, and the water flowed over on to steady flat and caused the tapping. Props were never soon at the windows while I stayed there, and two pots of " four 'arf" informed me that "the blokes wot lived in one of the borrowing on the fair ground behind used to go in the house when it was empty to cross.'" Mr. Brooke got into trouble a few years ago by his rather practical elucidation of the Greenwich Mystery. He is a practical man ; a disavowal of spiritualism and theosophy, and he scorns " astral' bodies." If any one has a real ghost for sale, he would be pleased to buy it 'or if a haunted house can be pointed out to him,' he will be very happy to track " spook " to its parad- ing ground. The Marquis of Huntly, who is a well-known breeder of Aberdeen-Angus cattle, road an excellent paper on " pedigree breeding" at the annual dinner of the Aberdeen-Angus Club held during the Smithfield show week. Like all breeders of first-class stock the Marquis believes in foàigioousith performance ; without the latter he. considers pedigree worthless. The original idea of recording pedigrees by the early breeders was as a guide in the selection of fresh blood. They recognised the fact, frequently lost sight of now, that the object of recording pedigrees was with the view of enabling breeders to avoid faulty animals as well as to select meritorious ones. The recording of pedigrees began to be abused when " fashionable" strains became the rage, when extra prominence was given to stock of particular sires; when fashion attached its name to strains of blood such as Duohosses and Oxfords among Shorthorns and Fridays and Erioas among Polled cattle. On one point the Marquis was most emphatic namely, that we cannot have a successful dam that is not a good milker. All the successful families in pedigree herds will be found to give the best quality of milk. This was the opinion of Bates and Booth, and it was also the opinion of earlier Shorthorn breeders such as the Collings and Maynard. " The mistake," says the Marquis, " is in brooding from animals that are bad milkers." The idea butcher's boast is a crossbred animal, but of course," said the Marquis, " there can be no crossbreds unless there are pure- bred stock from which they can be bred." One would imagine that the repetition of all those truisms would he unnecessary in a country like England, where the laws and principles of breeding are better understood than in any other country under the sun. In the discussion which followed the reading of the paper Mr. John Thornton, the well-known cattle salesman, summed up the whole in a very few words. He said, " It is the reader who makes the good animals. Pedigrees are things to study with the object of getting excellence and avoiding that which is bad." Among the most useful j publications (of breeders (of all classes is the annual vote na which is issued horn the office of the London Live Stock Journal. That for 1893 is just to hand, and contains the usual amount of valuable information in the shape of articles by well-known authorities on the breeding of horses, cattle, sheep, and other stock and kindred subjects. Not' the least useful portion of the book is that which is devoted to the calendar and breeders' table for 1893, the latter being a 'table with a whole page for each month, in which dates connected with breeding events may be entered for reference. 