SOME CLERICAL REMINISCENCES. Dr. A. K. H. Boyd, the well-known "A.K.H.B.," author of the "Recreations of a Country Parson," in a second and concluding volume of his reminiscences gives publicity to a number of good stories. Dr. Boyd makes no searet than his experiences of his countrymen are not invariably of a pleasing kind. Here is an example:— " I never will forget how, long ago, when I was in my Edinburgh parish, I eaid to ? neigh bor —* Ie is very sad that that poor woman iv to be hanged.' 'No,' eaid the uncompromising man (bis church was empty and mine was not), 'ie is not a bit sadder tbat a woman should be hanged than a man. God will damn a woman just as soon as a man; and therefore in what you say you are accusing God, and going against the Standards of the Kirk.' I replied that it was a very terrible thing to think of 'God damning' either man or woman ; but that I bad fancied most people felt a certain tenderness for the weaker and more suffering half of poor huma nity. Then we parted, after my acquaintancehad administered further rebuke to me. And in a few days I found that he had put about my little observation, with his own comments upon it. And if he thought me an evil man, seeking to undermine the blessed dogmas of Calvinism (which are in both the articles and the confession), no doubt he was right to say 8O." This reminds the diarist of "one of the bigots who went to New England seeking free dom to worship" tor themselves, combined with "freedom to persecute ail who desired to worship in any other way." This particular bigot, it is fair to observe, may have been an English or a Welsh bigot for anything that; appear*: —"One Sunday, he preached to hia unbappy congregation that he had satisfied him self that ju_st one in each seven hundred and cc vency- seven of the human race should be saved at last. Coming out, he tound the cougrega tion gathered under a tree in high dehace. They bad calculated that if th« case were so, exactly three eouls in the parish would end well; and the question in debate was, Who those three should be 'i They stated their per plexity to that preacher of despair ; and men tioned a good many names which had been suggested. But a fine effect was produced upon the mind of that ferocious fatalist by the fact that not one individual had mentioned his." A minister of the Scottish Kirk, we are told, does not often hear candid critioism, but there are exceptions. Dr. Hamilton, ot Strathblane, father of she well-known London preacher and popular writer, used to relate how he once preached in a little rural kirk, got fully into the spirit of his discourse, and thought he had done exceptionally well- But as he left the poruh the people gathered round, and it began to beoome apparent that there was aoaietnuig in his doctrines or his mode of expounding them which had nob met with entire approval. At last a "miserable little tailor," supported by two crutches, with bis noee contemptuously raised in the air, said in a very audible voice, '* It's wonderful whai a buddy will do for a piece of bread J" Young preachers are warned tbat it is idleinthe north to fish for compliments about their achieve ments in the pulpit. " A youth, walking home from church with a venerable elder, in an evil moment said, 'That was a fine text I bad to-day.' Whereupon the elder, with much im patience in his voice and manner, replied 'Oh, yes; there was naething the matter wish the text."' Another outspoken person was old Dr. Muir, of Glasgow, who once, at the ceremony called "Kirking the Cor poration," said! in his prayer, "Lord have mercy upon the magistrates, such as they are; make them wiser and better." When the town clerk called to Bay that the magistrate^ felt much aggrieved at being publicly prayed for in such a manner the answer was, "Dr- Muir's compliments to the Lord Provost, and he is sorry to fiud that his prayer has not been answered." Decorous, conventionalities (says Dr. Boyd) weigh lighxly. You had best tell the truth to a Scotchman at once; he knows it already " When a Scotch minister is offered another living it used to be the way that he eaid a great des.l about' a larger sphere of usefulness' and the like: not a word about the better stipend. To my personal knowledge shateort of thing was heartily laughed at by shrewd Scotch folk. The 'divine call' almost always came to a place where things were better in the worldly cense.'' Even Scottish ghosts appear to preserve not a little of this practical turn. When the author was staying with Dr. Ljddon, Miss Aldereon (the hymn-writer), and other distinguished guests, at the Earl of Strathmore'e, the con versation turned upon thefamoush&untedroom; at Glamis Castle. "Everyody has heard of the haunted room at Glamis. It has been pat about that the mention of it is a painful sub ject in the family. Never was ranker non sense. In the morning the first question of the delightful countess to her guests was—'Well, haveyon seen theghost?' The earl treated the subject more BcieacificaUy, in a faehion yield ing practical counsel. He told as that some years before an excellent dignitary, who was always collecting money for church building, bad just gone to tied, when all of a sudden the ghost appeared, apparently a Scrathmore of some centuries back. With great presence of mind the clergyman took the first word. Addressing the ghost, he said he was most anxious to raise money for a church he was erecting; that he bad a bad cold and could not well get out of bed; but that his collecting book was on the dressing-table, and he would be extremel. obliged if bis visitor would give him a sub scription. Upon this the. ghost vanished, and has never-come back any more." A,K TT.B.'a-stories go far in themselves to disprove the unaccountable calumny that Scotsmen are wanting in humor. Some slight deficiency in this regard, however, must be attributed to the friend of the "Country Parson," who thought to-please him by con ferring the initials so long-favorably known to magazine readers upon a prize bull. Dr. Boyd most tell the story:—"ln this July a county member, much concerned in matters agricultural, came toane one afternoon in the club, and informed mathat by far the greatest compliment had beenspaid the humble writer that ever had been or ever could be. An animal of extraordinary-value and beauty ap peared in the published record of highbred cattle as bearing my odd initials. I was some what startled, and liked it not. 'Don't you know, 9 he said with indignation, 'that the Marchioness of A. and the Dochees of B. are proud to have their names in that book ? You don't understand things at all.' I certainly remarked, for a while after, that my namesake got many prizes at shows. But the last mention of him was tragic. The murrain got into that unparohasable herd, and they had to perish. A paragraph said, *A.K. H. B. is still alive, but he is to be killed to-morrow.' I heard no more." There is a story told of Archbishop Whately and "how a crowd, having gathered to witness the consecration of a church, the archbishop, without his robes, walked into the church and signed the document upon the altar—all the law requires. Then, turning to the congrega tion, be eaid, 'You have come here to see me consecrate the church. You are the church. Go home and consecrate yourselves.' " We have a glimpse of Mr: Fronde as a con versationalist : —" It was on that day that Fronde told me of a singular instance of a man looking at a matter from only one point of view. A youth at Oxford in his day being examined in Paley, -was asked if he could men tion any instance of the Divine goodness which be had found out for himself. 'Yes. The conformation of the nose of the bulldog. Its nose is co retracted that he can hang io on to the bull, and yet breathe freely. But for this it would soon have to let go.' The bull's point of view -was not regarded at all. 1 could but cap the story with one from Glasgow College. A youth had preached in the College Chapel. After service the pro fessors in the beautiful 'Fore Hull' were dis cussing the sermon. They were ail very com plimentary. Bab Professor Buchanan, the great Professor of Logic, whom, strange to say. Archbishop Tait did not think very clever, broke in,* Oh, don't say that. There was a cad want in our young friend's Eenson. He eaid a great deal about how Jonah, felt. I should like to bear something about -how the whale felt."1 On Tuesday afternoon, while the snn was at its hottest, a chimney caueht fire in one of the wooden houses facing the esplanade, and for a tinw sent up a column of flame several feet high. Mr. WUkins, the town sur veyor, was soon on the spot, and the police rendered timely assistance in suppressing the fire. I How Does He Feel? Strange dropping, tumbling, contracting, drawn sensations at the heart, flattering of the palee, swimming and gone eensations that take the breath and make him feel the end has come. Green's August Flower the remedy. 