fntaratrmral Wesson. Sunday, June 18.— Mai. iii 1-12. Messiah's Kin'gdoii. Golden Text.— (Mai, iii. 17).—' They shall be Mine, saith the Lord of hosts, in that day. when I make up My jewels.'' The prophecy before us is introduced by the charge contained in the last verse of the previous chapter. Malachi says that the men of Judah have wearied the Lord. They are represented as asking : ' Wherein have we wearied Him ?' To this question the prophet replies by tell ing them that they speak of God as though He made no difference between evil men and good men ; as though in deed He saw no difference. ' Ye say, Every one that doeth evil is good iu the! sight of the Lord, and He delightefch in; them ; or, Where is the God of judg ment?' The prophet then proceeds to tell them in the words of the lesson, that the Judge whom they seek and whom tliey delight in (the prophet speaks in irony), shall suddenly come and sever between the wicked-and the erood. The lesson then is not to be under stood without a reference to the sins of Judah, which the people thought that. God was overlooking. The hardness of heart induced by these sins was a most appalling featiu^e of the moral condition of the people. Their losing belief in the distinction be tween good and evil ; ? and their con tinual self-justification was indicative of deep degradation. Sin persevered in always results in the wish and the attempt to clear one's self from blame, and indeed in a secret belief that one is not to blame. The Advent of thk Judge. The people had asked scoffingly : ' Where is the God of judgment ?' The Lord of Hosts speaks by the prophet : ' Behold, I will send My messenger' (chap. iii. 1-6). To what coming does this refer ? To the coming of Christ, heralded by John the Baptist. How dp we know that the 'messenger' is J0hn the Baptist ? When John the Baotist \yas born, his ' father Zacharias was filled with' the Holy Ghost, and proph esied, saying, Thou, child, shalt be call ed the prophet of the Highest ; for thou 8 halt go before the face of the Lord to prepare His ways' (Luke i. 67, 76). Our blessed Lord Himself declared of John the Baptist : ' This is he of whom it is written, Behold, I send My messenger before Thy face which shall prepare Thy way before Tliee ' (Matt. xi. 10).' St. Mark tells us that the prophet spoke of John (Mark i. 2). In Mai. iy, 5, -f, the messenger of Messiah is called ' Elijah the prophet.' This was super naturally expounded as meaning that the forerunner should come 'in the spirit and power ot Elias (Lyke i. 17). There can, therefore, be no doubt that the first 'messenger' is John the Baptist 'The Lord,' who is' to come to His temple, who is also called 'the Messen ger of the Covenant,' is the Son of Gocl, the Christ. The Divine Messenger is heralded by the human messenger. The terms applied in the lesson to the ' Messenger of the Covenant,' and the description of His work, show that the prophet speaks of Christ. The One who speaks is tlie One who is to come (' tlie way before Me ' ; but the One wlio speaks is the Lord of Hosts. Thus Christ, God in the flesh, is pointed out. Again, the One who comes is called 'the Lord'; and ;the application of the term 'Mess- enger of the Covenant' is fixed by Heb. viii. 6 ; xii. 24, ' Jesus the Mediator of ? the new Covenant.' Christ as Judge. Christ is represented as coming as a Judge, a divider between good and evil men. Two figures are employed, ' the refiner's fire,' ' the fuller's soap.' The two processes indicatedare severe, though the latter is gentler than the former, the washing which was done by means of the feet, than the burning. The re sult of each process was the separation of the good from the bad. Our Lord came thus as a judge. But did not He come at first only as Saviour ? Did not He Himself so assert? (John xii. 47). Jesus Christ, it is true, did not come to arraign sinners formally before His bar. But the effect of His entrance into the world was that evil was detected to be ' such, and good was approved. In His presence there could be no confusion of the two. So He said : ' For judgment I am come into this world' (John ix. 89) ; ' Now is the judgment of this world ' (John xii. 31) . The Sermon on the Mount presents us with case after case, in which Christ was 'like a refiner's fire, and like fuller's soap.' Thus did Christ gather around Him the good, and those willing to be made good. H£ pur ified them ; He appointed His apoitles ; He sent them forth to preach. Thus did He establish that kingdom of Christ, whfch iiiicethat day has been extending and will finally prevail throughout the world. The remainder of the lesson con sists o£ f£ loving exhortation 'b? tlifese scornful men of Israel. Their sin $nd its consequences are plainly laid before them. They have robbed God, and they are cursed with a curse. Let them mend the'i'r ways. Let theifi 6'otcfe in penitence, and for the future obey God's commands, and they shall be forgiven. 