WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs. H. H. Jenkikos lives at No, 211, Main Street;, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot board* with lier* Tho house is an old one, but in good order. One night, early in December (1891) the two women locked all tho doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in tho house. They left tho gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing aud talking. But us they went into tho parlour tho merry humour died out of them in a second. Right m the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature, Tho upper part of his fueo was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleam* ing through tho oycholcs in it. His shirt* sleeves were rolled m>, and in one hand ho carried a long, old- fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later ho found 110 ono in tho parlour and all tho doors and windows securely locked. What was it tho women saw ? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'-clock, I wan sud denly aroused from a dose by what seemed like the calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the imaeo of my mother just as she looked five years before, as sho was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted* I was foolish enough to toll of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never pceu it since, and it's moro than three years ago now." No doubt it was tho nerves. Why, there's no end to tho tricks the nerves will play off on vou when your system is out of condition- In March, 1890, it was that Mrs Jano Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokcsdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:—"I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyono in the room with mo, yot I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in tho morning felt little tho better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my I eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin 1 was dry and yellow, and tho stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-aud-bye I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, anil could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that X would never got better. "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I wan taking. She told mo she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel'a Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by tho end of tho week I went down stairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can cat and digest my food, and all my nervousness lias left mo." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was iudigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion, The original cause was erief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by acci dent, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to tho digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridge port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts como from tho insido of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's byrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 