Australian Myths. THE Australian aborigines have a curious myth with regard to the origin of water. They say that originally there was no water in Australia. They.got;along very comfor- tably without it till one day some adventurous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn conclave was held, and they determined to apply to the oldest and wisest inhabitants as to the course to be pursued to attain their object. The venerable native listened to their com- plaint, and told them that the water was contained in the stomach of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at the top of one of their highest mountains. All that was required was to make him laugh, when the water would run out of his mouth. Another great consultation was held when it was de- cided that all the animals should be asked to give their co-operation to obtain the desired result. This they readily agreed to, and animals repaired in a great body to the toad's mountain to try their power in the way of laugh rising. The first to make the essay was the ass. He brayed so loud that he might have been a demagogue expatiating on the crimes of the classes as against the virtues of the masses. He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kicked his heels into the air higher than any donkey had ever elevated them before, he, cut the most fantastic capers—all to no use, and the toad did not so much as wink an eyelid. Crestfallen, the donkey retired, and the cock strutted np with n self-satisfied an- as though he and he alone knew the secret of how to make the toad laugh. But, alas for the vanity of feathered aspirations, his crow- ing and flapping of wings liad no more effect than his predecessor's braying, and ho too retired discomfittcd. One after the other all the animals, hirds, and fishes, tried their best to raise a laugh, but with no better success. At last when everybody was begining to de- spair, came the 'eel 'wriggling ulong the ground and the toad blinked an eyelid and watched its contortion. Seeing this the eel raised himself into an arch and walked along on his head and his tail. Those watch- ing tue gigantic toad saw the muscles of his mouth begin to quiver. Now the eel twisted himself int o a single knot, and walked solely on his head. Lo! and behold the toad smiled, and ont of each side of his mouth water began to trickle down. Seeing this the eel redoubled his efforts : he twisted himself into u double knot, and walked jointly along on his head and his tail. This extraordinary performance was too much for the toad, he opened his month mid laughed loud anil long. Out gushed the water in mighty torrent down the mountain side, and spreading over the country, formed rivers, lakes and pools ; and, down, too came the natives, rejoicing that ut hist they would have an abundance of water. L The following story shows that ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria, aiid resent meddling with the body they once in- habited. A man travelling in the country of a friendly tribe caine upon a deserted habit- ation. Above the doorway lie saw the usual crooked stick, pointing in the direction the family hail taken, and all round about the place pieces of hark covered with white clay, indicating a death. He found tracks leading toa tree in which he soon discovered a dead body. Anxious to ktiow who had died, he laid down his rug and weapons nt the foot of the tree and ascended il . On removing the opposuiu rug from the face he found that it was a friend. Tie wept for a long time, then went away. He had not gone far when he heard some magpies making a great noise ns though they saw something strange. Ho turned round to see what it was, and to his terror saw tho ghost of the deceased come down and follow him. He was so terrified he could not move, hut managed to address lt in these terms :-.'.'Why do you frighten me when I liavo come to see you and never did you any harm:-'" It never spoke, but followed Iiini for a considerable distance, scratching his hack with its nails, and then returned to thii tree. When ho reached his I friends he told them what had happened, showed thom his hack] lacerated und bleed- ing; and said that he had a presentiment that something had would befall him before long. At the next meeting of the tribes he was speared througli the heart.-IMyrtt'itt. Tlllä (J UN KINO OH" .TUB Sl'AnHOWH.-A Ullin full his fowls upon rice, lint, Hulling that tho house sparrows dropped down in (.louds and robbed the poultry of most of their food, de- termined to get the better of them and sub- stituted maize. He was astonished to ob- serve that the sparrows, finding tile grains too largo tn swallow,, carried them to an adjacent railway line, and waited for tho triiiu to puss by, when they were enabled to pick up tile crushed meal. Another limn in .South Australia procured a stuffed cat and an owl to frighten tiio sparrows away from his choice grapes ; lint tho birds sat. on tho stuffed cat to jeer and poke fun at tho stuffed owl, and filially picked the feathers out of tho latter to linu their nests with. .Bub tho .strongest evidence of thu cunning of tho sparrows1 was witnessed' near ^Mitcham, in South Australia, whore tho Swiss hoad f?iir dener tn tho ownei» of a fine estate dressed up a guy in ancient Swiss garments, and fit- ted hun up in a" long heavy pipe ¡md a stick and chair. -;This was intoiidud lo protect a strawberry - bed, but" the sparrows perched upon the stick placed across the knees of the dummy,-mid, after'ii short rest and inspec- tion of the best, berries in tho patch, alighted on thé heil, and partook freely of tho luscious repastsu liberally provided by their unwilling host.: .'.'." Tim Sr.AumiTKit OK ELEPHANTS. - This useful and sagacious animal, says a recent writer in it contoniporary, is fast becoming extinct, owing to the ruthless slaughter which is carried on for the sake of its ivory. The elephant possesses almost every attri- bute, that can render it useful to mankind. It is strong,' persevering, and so docile that it may be trained to almost any service; and except during one part of the year is not, if unattacked, dangerous. Indeed, to enumer- ate tho services of these aiilmals would be impossible: ono single elephant performs more work than six horses. They aro em- ployed in carrying burdens on their bodies, round their necks and even br means of a rope in.lheir mouths : they loud a boat with amazing dexterity, drag beams, remove obstacles, mid even may be soon to propel wheels. Notwithstanding all the uses to which this ¡iniinal may bc put, terrible cruel- ties -aroi committed iii hunting it. They are taken alive; in pitfalls, and' then cruelly slaughtered; pursued individually hy two hunters, one ol whom disables him by divid- ing the tendons of his foot with n blow while his companion attracts tho animal's atten- tion ; sugar-ennes aro impregnated with poi- son-in fact no device is too cruel to use nghinsi'. them. These cruelties are committed in order to meet the constant demand we make for ivory. The demand is fast exceed- ing tho simply, and before many years are over tile elephant will bo ns extinct as the mammouth. Could we not. by caeh individ- ually refusing to purchase the ivory do a lit- tle to decrease the demand for iti'-l'oit ny finl/Itt int. . Maud : ¡i' Kow many Unies have you boon engaged this sumiller. Kill th ?V Edith : "Five." Maud: "To whom:-"' Edith: "Jaek." Collide : " Hello, there goes a nuwly-mar rled eouple over there." Stone : "What makes you think so?" "He is carrying her parasol." "And. what did yon think/of the singer, Franklin X "Oh, she was perfectly grand. I've heard intiiiv a belladonna, hut never one like her. If you wish tt> appear agreeable in society you .must consent to he taught ninny things you already know. ' An Irishman walking through a cemetery and reading on a. tombstone thu inscription, ."Hore lies n lawyer and an. honest man." sagely remarked, " Faith an', there's two in that grave." . -, Briggs-Tsn't that, the sainé stiit you had last 'year? Griggs-Yes ; and its "the same suit thal you asked nie last year if it wasn't the same suit that I had the year before. -.J\Irsf Keene-fTlicre aro. times when':I wish T-* wert-"i\ limn." w Mr.¿Kfi*ué for ^instance ? Mis. Keene-When I pass a inillinerjs win- dow, and1 thuik ho.w happy I.cpuld-nïiike my. wife by.giving her a,iuLw boVinet."' "* |J [. '. When liii engineer wants' to stop'an en¿ glue, he .doicn'lput a.brake.oti the driving; ,wnoels',1j¡iít"shüt.s ,olY tin;.''power'.thafcfinakes; tIieili^'run.""W^l'úiyóii''SViiut*tó,.<^ meanness the work tu tut begin' tili'tliiritiside. 