ROUTED BY A GHOST The best-authenticated ani altogether one of the most interesting ghost stories of 1892 comes from the neighbourhood of bweetwater, Teno., says the. Piew York Morning Advertiser. A lonely grave, a ghost, an abandoned cabin, and a frightened neighbourhood of ignorant people are the leading features of this orthodox narrative. The unusual circumstance about it is the number of honest, if superstitious, people who vouch for its truth. Men are often hanged on one-hundredth part of the evidence which substantiates this mystery. The history of the lonely grave comes first in chronological order. It is briefly this-John Duncan, a deeparate and un principled character, wvas a "bushwacker" in this vicinity during the late war. The repeated efforts of the confederate authorities to conscript him inflimed Duncan's mind against the Southern cause, and the outlaw soon became the terror of London county. On one occasion a man named H. R ,binson, still living near Sweetwater, saw Duncan riding through the county with a prisoner. The latter was in the uniform of a Confederate Lieutenant of cavalry, and was also mounted, Duncan keeping him "covered" with the long Kentucky rifle in common use then in that section. About an hour afterward Duncan was seen riding back to the same point, leading his own horse and riding that which his prisoner had just been riding. Nothing. further was ever seen or heard of the Confederate officer, and murders and mysterious dissapearances were too frequent in those days to call for more than passing notice. Duncan had surprised and cap tured his man, taken him to a lonely spot in the woods, and there deliberately murdered and robbed him. A'portion of the land in this vicinity was was cleared soon afterward by John Sherrold, who still lives th'ere. Last spring his son was married, and erected a small house near his father's home, In "clearing " his new premises of under. growth young Sherold discovered a sun. ken grave. He dug into it, and after working only a few • minutes unearthed a human skeleton. Several "C. S. A." buttons were found, also a belt buckle with the same letters, with other marked bits of brass and steel, showing that the skeleton was that of a Confederate cavalry officer. The remains were carefully reinterred, a neat mound formed over it, and thespot held sacred by the neighbours, as the grave of any human being would be. Shortly after the discovery of the grave, as young Sherold and his wife were sitting by the stove one evening about 8 o'clock, they were almost.paralysed with fear on beholding the form of a soldier coming through the door. The form was grey and shadowy, but the features were ais tinctly outlined. The ghostly soldier wore the faded grey uniform of a Confederate cavalry officer. Mr and Mrs Sherold neither moved nor spoke, and in awestruck silence watched the soldier's form dissolve and slowly disappear. Both agree that the apparition must have been plainly visible for fully five minutes. Both husband and wife decided not to mention this occurrence to their neighbors. They also agreed finally to remain in the house, trusting that they would never again be molested by the unearthly visitor. Within six months, however, the same shadowy form appeared and dissolved no less than a score of times. Once the mulffld sound of a shot was plainly heard, coming from the direction of the soldier's grave, and once the sound of a body falling and struggling upon the ground. One after another the neighbours bad been called in by the Sherolds, and the story spread. Dozens, of thoroughly re liable, well-to-do people in Loudon county are ready to swear to-day that they have seen this shadowy figure in Confederate cavalry uniform stalk into Sherold cabin, moving slowly and noiselessly, and then melt away and disappear. The cabin is vacant now. The Sherolds remained there nearly six months after the first appearance of the ghostly figure, and then, when they could stand it no longer, moved away. The place is offered for rent at a bargain. but no tenants offer. The Confederate ghost has undisputed possession of the abandoned premises. 