Queer stories. Salathiel Pink's Luck. By " Gnetra.' Things -were decidedly " quisby" at tbe Dagmar Theatre, Marvelbourne. Notwithstanding the fact that for many weeks the landlord, represented by a large financial syndicate, had made literally no claim whatever for rent, while the ladies and gentlemen of the company had at first accepted half salaries, and latterly no salaries at all, in exchange for their valuable services—in spite, so to put it, of a weekly saving amounting to quite .£150— the treasurer reported his inability to meet the cur rent expenses remaining on his pay-sheets. Houses had dwindled down to .£30, .£20, £15, and at last one memorable evening the takings touched the lowest tidc-marlc yet, in the shape of £9 2s. 4d. Where the fourpence came from nobody could imagine, seeing that the smallest price of admission was six pence, and indeed none of the money-takers handed it in, yet when the " grand total" of coin was counted over there it was, a little old-fashioned fourpenny - bit. There seemed to be something uncanny about it, uncanny but not necessarily un lucky, at. least Salathiel Pink, the treasurer afore said, did not think so, since he substituted four bronze pennies out of his own pooket for it, and drilling a hole in the tiny silver disc, attached it to his watch chain. But uncanny or not that four penny bit gave the cue to the management to close the season, and so up went the usual notice on the call-board, and in went the newspaper advertise ment to the like effect. Not that the company wished this course to be adopted. Bless you, no. With the long-suffering patience which is the badge of all their tribe, they would be playing at the Dagmar now, I verily do believe—empty pockets to. empty benches—if they had had the ordering of things. - Old Ben Beecham said it reminded him of a similar occasion in fifty-four. "We were, all of us stony, my boys, head over ears in debt, and business simply damnable, when it ooourred to me—I was one of the management then—it ooourred to me, 1 say, to put up Samlet, Ah! I was considered the Hamlet of Australia in those days—and that pulled them in, I can assure you. I don't say it would do so well in our present fix, for though the Supreme Boss plays the melancholy Dane very fairly, he hasn't got my reading of the part," and so on, and so on, for Ben, with all his many virtues, nug's the average actor's darling sin, an over-weening vanity. Him followetli Walter Gay lad, the jeune premier, whose sovereign remedy for existing evils is prob ably Borneo, his Borneo hi en entondu, and even Jaok Jaunders, the "low com,," has something equally intangible, unbusinesslike, to propose. If Salathiel Pink had but had his way he would have soattered these dreamers to the four winds of heaven long ago, his panacea for eolioing auditorium and depleted treasury being a rudioal oliange. " Sack every man Jaok of the present oompany, orohestra, stage hands, money and olieok takers—aye, "pioneers and all." Engage every variety artist available at bed-roolc terms (they oan oall their salaries what they like outside, dear boy) j out down prices of admission by fifty per oent. and turn the whole caboodle into a regular London Music Hall, and there you are," says Pinlc in talking matters over with the Supreme Boss. But the Supreme Boss is not a manager of that sort. He was suckled on Shakspeare and weaned on Bomantio Drama, and though, devil-driven, he lias gone as low as horse pieces, with a magnified "Bowery Boy" as hero, to the uttermost profundity of the musio hall he declines to descend. " Besides," as he takes oare to j remind Pink—and the frozen truth staggers even that worthy—"a ihusio hall without the sale of intoxicants and the inoense of tobaooo may be a musio hall of a oortain anromio type, but is no more the London Musio Hall that is so stoadily and surely sapping the foundations of the British Drama than a spring lamb is like a bull of Bashan or a barn door rooster roserables the lordly ostrioli of the plains." Begarding matters in this light, whioh happens to be the oorreot one, as after events at a rival.estab lishment go to prove, Pink arrives at the conolusion that the Dagmar Theatre and Money cannot be made convertible terms, and so, though he loyally stays near the ship until she finally turns turtle and disappears beneath the troubled waters of insol vency, he takes good care to exert himself suffi ciently to keep clear of the vortex she makes in sink ing, and soon paddles his own little canoe into safer seas. But the charms of the music hall business, as compared with those of the legitimate drama, have made a deep impression on his mind, and, all things being equal, he determines to trust his future for tunes to the former rather than to the latter. Thus it came about that not so very long ago there appeared in the Marvelbourne papers an advertise ment requesting variety artists of every degree prepared to travel throughout Australasia, South Africa, India, China and Japan—"We may as well cover as much ground as possible at the start," said Pink to his wife, as they drew up the seductive announcement—calling all and sundry such profes sionals to communicate by letter with Salathiel Pink, stating previous engagements and salary re quired. Poverty Point and Lower Bohemia, those twin haunts of histrionic genius on its histrionic "uppers," responded liberally, it being a sign of the times that out of more than 100 replies only two or three bore postage stamps, the remainder having been personally left at the centrally situated hotel which Pink gave as his business address, although in many cases it must have cost the writers a long tramp from their suburban piecls-a-terre to the hotel in question. How they did pour in, to be sure, and what a curious collection they made, those many missives. There was the scented, fashionably misshapen note with the semi-masculine scrawl that intimated the willingness of Miss Boronia Howard, or Optima Marjoribanlcs, or Cecilia Delaville (nee respectively Buggins, Huggins and Muggins) to throw their in estimable selves at the manager's feet, to follow his instructions implicitly, to be in evei'y way of the utmost use to him—these ladies, of course, ignorant of the existence of a Mrs. Pink. Then there were the amateurs who had never been on the boards as yet, but who one, and all possessed splendid memories and adaptability of the highest order; there were the reciters whose friends had always advised them, but until now without result, to adopt the stage as a profession; there were the song - and - dance men, the acro bats, the high-kiolcers, the niggei'-minstrels, the lightning ohange artists, the electrio slcetchers, the men with performing dogs, the snake charmers, the men with boxing kangaroos, with optioal illusions, with phonographs, with lime-light lanterns, with marionettes, some even with those evergreen stars, " Punch and Judy"—a few of the applicants already in engagement and appearing nightly, but ready and willing to travel on the shortest notice ,• while the majority, alas! were fain to confess that many weeks had elapsed since they last saw "the ghost walk" Anglioo, reoeived salary. It did not take an experienced man like Pink long to make a seleotion of those best suited to his pur pose and his purse, not forgetting Mrs. Pink's voioe, a loud and important one, in the matter j and the day-bills of "Pink's Pilgrims," as he ohristened the new oompany, were just going to press when he reoeived an additional application, in person, from a slender and very good- looking little lady, styling herself, professionally, Kazel, the only genuine Queen of the Air. She had been stranded in Marvel bourne, it seemed, through circumstances whioh need not be here set down, and was very anxious to return, to the Cape, from whenoe, though not a native of South Afrioa, she originally oame with the cirous troupe whose chief attraction she had been. Kazel did not ask "big money," the passage, even by devious ways, to her destination was what she chiefly required. "When she called, Pink was alone, revising the final, proof pf the aforesaid day-bill. There was just room for one additional" star." Her business, the prinoipal item wherein was her " great oannon aot," in whioh she was jiropellod ever so far through the air, was a " safe draw" with the publio; the salary was next to nothing, but, and this " but" meant more than it looks, there was no time to con sult Mrs, Pink, Should he olose witli the eagerly expeotant and deoidedly pretty woman who sat tap ping her dainty bottines with her stylish parasol, or should he resist what was distinctly a temptation both to the munagor and the man, and dooline Mrs. Kazel's servioes, especially as Mrs. P. was not "there to advise. The mental struggle was a tough one, too tough indeed for Pink, who decided at last to settle the question by an appeal to chance. There .was no OracleinMarvelbourne for the use of citizens •troubled by perplexities of this nature—the only " Augur " worthy of the name had, alas, passed in his checks-—but there remained the homely portent open to the humblest and known as "heads and tails." Head—take her; tail—leave her. Pink fumbled in his waistcoat pocket for a coin, but failed to find •.one. Not to be beaten in so trivial a matter, lie darted,out of the room, with a muttered apology to Miss Kazel, and standing in the, passage managed to •detach the fourpenny-bit, before referred to, from his watch-chain. Flip! Up it spun-and down it •came on Pink's outstretched palm. Head! So:be it! Back went the fourpenny-bit onto the chain, and back went Pink to the room where the light-weight beauty awaited him. . " All right, Miss, you're engaged," he cried, as if his temporary absence had been to consult a partner. " Our boat, the Gloriana, leaves the pier at noon on Saturday 5 give you your ticket on board; I'll secure \- the best vacant berth in the ladies' cabin for you 5 you can sign our agreement on the ship j good-morn ing!" and bowing her out as if she had been a duchess, he- proceeded to fill in the vacant space in the day-bill with her name and particulars as to her great cannon feat. Next Saturday, a few minutes past noon saw the ; •Gloriana gliding from her moorings, and heading down the bay with the whole of " Pink's Pilgrims " •on board, Kazel, the Queen of the Air, not excepted. It was two days later; Mrs. Pink had quite got over her mul-do-mer, and had acquired those -useful adjuncts known as "sea-legs," when she remembered that she had not yet seen the completed day-bill setting forth all the attractions on which the future fortunes of herself and husband so largely depended. The Gloriana was bowling along doing an easy 14 knots an hour through the calm waters of the Great Australian Bight. Nearly all the passengers were on deck, lounging against the bulwarks, playing rope quoits, reading, ohatting, flirting, the men smoking, many of them in the room set apart for that purpose, and others in the open air, restrained, •of course, by the usual limits, whereof a prominently displayed notice gave full particulars. Mrs, Pink, who had no objection in the world to the rise of tobacco by the male sex—indeed, she •often bought Salathiel a box of oigars and showed most extraordinary judgment in their selection had a horror of the smoking female, so that just as her husband brought her the day-bill for which she had asked him, her eye caught what to her was a most irritating sight. A female, not very old, toler ably well dressed, and fairly good looking—the masculine synonyms for this phrase would be "a lady, young, stylishly dressed and very pretty"—was standing a few feet further forward than Mrs. Pink's lbunging- ohair, entertaining a group of men, prinoi , pally Pilgrims already known to Mrs. Pink—enter taining these gentlemen, I repeat, with some choice storyette in fascinating broken English and puffing •between the sentences at a most undoubted oigar 1 With a snort of disdain the manager's wife turned -to examine the day-bill, which Salathiel was holding •out to her, his face wearing a peculiar expression of - mingled expectancy, doubt, and fear, which soon •after received full explanation. " Hum—ah1—hum all—hum" ran Mrs. P.'s comments as she scanned line after line of the red and blaok type on a bright yellow ground—contrasting oolours ohosen by herself . with experienced knowledge -as to their effeot— •".Hum—ah—hum—ah—oh !" " Why, Sally"—she called him Sally in her playful moods—" why, Sally, what's this P One of your old dodges, eh P An nouncing an attraction that wo haven't got, and .afterwards making up a cook-and-bull story about .sickness or aooident, or a romantic elopement, eh P" . " What's the matter, my dear P " queried Pink, 'anxious to get over the neoessary explanation now that the subjoot had been bronolied. " What's the matter, my dear P" "This," said Aurora—Mrs. Pink's Christian name is Aurora—" This," and she plaood a bojewellod .finger on the linos announcing "Kazol, the Queen of the Air, in her unrivalled Cannon Act, in which she is shot a distanoo of 100 foot. " That, deai'," replied Pinlc, with irresistible force, "that, dear, why, didn't I toll you j engaged her at the last moment) quite a nominal salary, only wanted her passage paid to the Cupej splendid I attraction, you know ; saw her at Emter's Circus ; she was the star of the evening ; hadn't a chance of consulting you; was just correcting-the revise of the j)lay hill; she'll draw like a mustard-plaster, never fear; and so cheap, why " "Pink! ".cried his wife, with an emphasis that brought his volubility, to an end as if it were bitten off, "Pink, where is she P" . For answer Pink jerked his thumb in the direction of the cigar-smoking female, who was just .in the ■ act of blowing a series of'smoke-rings from her pursed- up ruby lips, " She's a Mexican; they all do it," he said in as off-hand a tone as lie could com mand, "Mexican or no Mexican, she don't make one of my company !" exclaimed Aurora, almost loud enough to reach the ears of the. person alluded to. "No, I mean it Pink,"—it was all "Pink" now, and no " Sally"—" I mean it; I won't have my name alongside of hers ; I won't travel with her; I won't appear with her. Anyone can tell with half a look that she's a 'brazen, bold-faced jig'" (an'unconscious quotation this from nursery lore), "and you don't catch me chumming in with that sort—not if I know it, so there ! " And the irate lady sank back in her deck chair and fumed away to herself, while Pink nought the seclusion of the steward's bar and drank three nobblers of whisky in rapid succession to steady his fluttered nerves. "Just my luck!" he ejacu lated; "the best card in the entire pack, the biggest draw in the show. Oh! damn it all ! " "The rest is silence." So Salathiel Pink's fortunes, according to himself, had received a severe blow, for Mrs. Pink was not likely to alter her views in a.hurry, and how in the name of goodness were matters to be explained to the flery little Mexican, who probably carried a pistol as well as a cannon round with' her, while a swarthy attendant whom she styled Carlo was ever at her beck and call. How was she to be placated; indeed was it possible to veil words and actions which in their very nature carried insult. And Aurora, had such a devil of a temper if opposed. " Surely, surely," moaned Pink as he stretched himself, in his bunk and sought oblivion in a snooze, "surely my luok is dead out!" Let the sequel show how far lie was a true^propli et. # # # # Bump! bump!! bump!!! Clatter! crash!! Bump!!! and with a horrible mixture of grinding and percussion the huge bulk of the Qloriana rushed upon Death and Destruction as rejiresented by the ironbouncl_coast, not.far from Cape Leuwin, where sh^,hffd'^ee['n^&'ysteriou sly turned from her proper cdurseV-'whetheV^by the set of currents, the error of/ccftijpaasM, or tlie miscalpulations of those in commanpr^vfas ^elucidation. The fact rQmainec£iih^t^}ere she'waSs in,' the," dead waste and middle" of^i(^^<^jJtnpna night, at first bumping and at Ta'st-wfedgM-nn amongst the outly ing rocks that lay between their higher and more palpable brethren and the sea. The burning of blue lights showed the Qloriana to be only a short stone's throw from the low cliff in front of her, but there was no sign of life on shore and every moment inoreased the danger of those on .board, as the steamer, battered by a series of immense billows, niight begin to break up and then—:— There was only one hope. No help being available from the shore, a rope must be got to the cliffs from the steamer j but who was to oarry it, braving the jumbled mass of pointed rooks and dashing waves that intervened. As in a similar and historical case, " e'en the bravest held their breath," and no one seemed inclined to volunteer whore the chances were really 100 to 1 in favour of a cruel death. At last a voice rose in the midst of the hubbub of winds, waves and human beings, " Senor Capitaino behold I have mon cannon here. Carlo lias feex it roady, hand mo zo ropo !" and, lo ! by tho flare of a blue-light there stood the plucky little Mexican woman drossed as if for performance in tho circus, with lior cannon by her side and Carlo standing pre pared for lior word of command. Somebody, one of the matos it afterwards transpired, handed her a lino, and before tho frightened crowd could well grasp what was happoningslio was inside tho cannon, Carlo touched tho spring, and, ssli! through tho storm shot tho heroic Queen of the Air. She landed safoly, amidst tho loudest cheers you over hoard from so comparatively small a crowd, and by her lino drew a stouter ropo aBhoro, and so, ultimately, passongors, orow, and all woro savod, though tho ill fatod Qloriana wont to piocos before tho morning, " How about Salatliiol Pink's luok now P" " And how about Mrs. Pink's projudioo P" Well, their latest baby is christened " Kazol, that's all. 