How Shall We Decide This Question? Now, which is the worso-to have no appetite for ypulX'd(lrtier,/pgj to hlv6ono ,ditriorlforypur1' appetite ? Sil'hTore. aroe lots ofpeople.on the one side or the otlter of 'tlis question. Wone' good digestion.waits..on.appetite.and_health on both,'.. that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us trnot,,bloin'ed inJthat: way; we either have too much food without an ,appetitq,ror a vigorous appetite -withlout on?qugh rfuesiitin differetly;yet"ihe 'commo ' si'nd of it Is that. within reasonable limits, it id bettdri'T have all appetite without a dieti:ri ol sei_ h t tire starva ion linei hungry man is a healthy man; .w.hereas a man who ought.to;eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of i?,alterAtioes.and.repaira.. " . To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in wihichl.thol,wviterf says, .f,'?IwaIs afraid to eat." Dic he fancy his food ;was poisoned, or didt.hiasiinature.rebol aganest the nourishment lived, uoni?, If.;,thel latter,, why 4 Let him clear the mnystery himself. : , t}}. He says, "In thoeyear 1889TI changod my work from railway porter to signalman. Irhad been signalman twelve months, and then all:at once, so to speak, ,I,did~,not;,feel myself OMy mouth tasted bad; sp. that ordinary articles:of diet seemed to loseotheir-flavour.;, the pailateto put it in that way, appeared,to have nothing~to say to thle!in ,IpOne o 4hing was.like another, and none was good. My, tongue, was ccatod rand furred, with a dark liie down'the !middloe and yellow fur round it. My breath was offeniive and my appetite poor, ;withpains throughthe chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eatentanything.Ll Then Io was greatly troubled with wind. It would gs.thor.jso it felt like a ball i nimytthroatiand act aps iojt would choke me." ,- ,,, 0,,t We cannot wonder that under these clroumn stancos our friend failed to do jus'ticetoj?his meals. Ho adds that thoro was what ho, eaio " a pricking sensation"';iht hislhdart, astllhough it were touched with a qharp instrument,. then again, at times he was,,attaeked with spasms, the agony of whichlrwan;sousevereithat the sweat rolled off him. " Ijdreadbd?!:ihe says, '"the thought of eating,,andmaliy a,schnty meal have 1 made, for I was afraid tooatsaP' After a time I got into a low, .yvnk,qa nervous"'ondition,tiand felt miserable, as ,ift.sonmething1 was going to happen, and this caused:me toolose a good..doal of sloop." Iloe'al . \Vhat he ineans by,,thonfear. of something going to happen is, of oourse,iythefear of some ollamity, such asotheiloass,:iflhims position,, his own death, or tli'e deth ;ofsoniebody doear to him. This was l.oe,."'srheintiimates, to the im poverishe~llste~to ofhi s-lood.(the life bearer) his unt~iruii nirves, and to the brain enfeeoobled by lack of no'rishmpliit: ~hoiilight of this 'form of illness is always filll of ghosts and goblins, the creatures.,of anelstioese iand ,ungoverned imnginatio.ti , S\VWith groat diflloulL?t ,?he says "' I stuck'to my work, for I iaidla, ifT and.family dulietiding on me. So I struggled on,lbutwliat I asuffred for oygr two- yoars As,i,pnastb?,my powers of desoiptioon. I am sure no ono has suffeord so muoh.-n:I; have done. . - In the latter statement ho ., undoubte ly wrong. One's own pain is 'n'es own, an .i l?i? ,ys hardli??lo Ti-?ar thin" is ono's notion of his noighbcur's pahinl , TfuliSa is!'a dountles :ntiltl tiddolwlif mio. allrthd'ehilolgoihg through the samoilwretfohed experlonco ionly we don't happen Itocome n;fntouohlwith themtic":` ,71 Well, the writer.liinallyi mentions that after !llI,.ptadiealrtreatnt'ut',ha?luoft hlin wheore It had foundlitmflii bolohineodd to road in a book-of a ease exactly likeilihls.own havingiboon oured)by Mother Soigel's Syrup. ",Mby wife," he racsys, " got me a bottle at Mr. Langatrnll'e, in Woodles. ford, and after using.mits'oontoifilts tho,nalhi6nt loft me anld lieas noirot.atulnod saine that fortui. nato day. I 'should, like the whole world to know what It idstforAmoe,11 havdbebn employed by the Midland Railwayliompatmy for 1I yeOars' (Sigited) :ho, otomiu HuNTr, il/ i ' ,1.eloir iir,'Oar iBqttonmERoad, 'I (bo?e iul Apperley¥Bridge, near Leeds," n, VYe.publialth itlisby.Mr,llwrHunt's desire, in order that part of;the world'at;least may know how thankful he.i antl:dr Wharoeason. !' 