" 'Poor little sleeping ghost ! The small bare feet sank deep in the. buffalo grass; the listless arms hung close ly her side, the white nightdress made the child look like a littlelghbsU1 It was stiflingly hot. The river swooned lazily over its still depths' and the water-spiders skimmed its shining placid surface in search of a cool log or shady reed under which to hide from the scorching sunshine, and the water lilies hid in the shade of the willows where the ripples ran in and out about their twisted roots, ^ ' . A beautiful bay horse standing on the muddy bank drank in the water with that soft soo-ish, Boo-ish, that chimes in so musically with the river's flowing and makes a Atting accompaniment to the heat. The bay was very impatient flicking his tail and tossing his head angrily now and again. " Bother the flies I" said his rider and stooping down patted the, horse*s neck. " Come on, old boy,'* and gathering up the reins and putting the bay to a canter they soon crossed the flat and drew rein once more in front of the red house on the hill. Here everything that human ingenuity could suggest had oeen done to keep out the heat, and with a fair measure of success ; cool green venetians closed in the verandah and as Reginald Clifford entered the wide polished hall its atmosphere struck him pleasantly. A ladr came out of one of the rooms at the sound of his footsteps. " Well, sweetheart," he said, as he hung his straw hat on the rack, " you see I did get back all right in spite of your pro- phecies.'* His blue eyes were dancing with delight at the sight of her sweetness and her fairness. 11 Yes, but you are nearly scorched to death. I really don't think you ought to go out in such heat. You might get a 'sunstroke. What will become of us il you get sunstroke or something else dreadful P" she said, a little wistfully; " I'll try not to for both your Bakes,'* he answered, patting her oheek gently. \- " Now, Mabel, be reasonable. Where's Mignon P" " Tee hère.*' " Oh, are you !" beginning a search round the ? room. " Where, Mignon P" : at last, baffled. No answer, only a subdued laughing. " Where is she, little mother P" " Look under the table," said, the mother smiling, as she lay back in the big cane chair. \ " You look so pretty, Mabel ; I do think you get prettier every day." \- " Find Mignon, sir,*' severely, '* is it nothing to you that your daughter is lostP" 1 " No, nothing," coolly. " Come out, Mignon, I oan't look for you any more, it's too hot. Come here and I'll tell you a story." " Will oo give ms fixpence if I come out?" ; ¿ Mrs. Clifford- laughed. " Will you have a copper fixpence or a silver fixpence ?" she said. .'. . . .' ."? ii---.' . -M I'll have a real fixpence." " Not to be had that way," said her hus- band. "Ah! now I've got you,"'pouncing af ter a bit of blue ribbon that fluttered under the cane chair his wife was .sitting in, and then ensued a scuffle; ? Fradtio shrieks, laughter, and much childish de- light, at the end of which Mr. Clifford succeeded in unearthing from the hollow in the cane chair a little flushed tumbled heap very much exhausted and very hot. "You little monkey ! however did you get in there P'* he said, smoothing back her shining hair and trying with clumsy fingers to adjust the yards of blue sash which had resolved themselves into, a series of hopeless knots.' " Mummy bided me." The blue eyes looked up, a world of merriment and mischief and keen intelli- gence in their depths, a perfect reflection of his own. " How like you she is, Reggie !" said the mother kneeling by her husband's side and setting to work on the ribbons that had baffled him. ' " Tse draff uly untidy;" said the small personage enthroned on the father's knee. " I hope you don't mean to insinuate that the resemblance cornea in in that particu- lar." . ' The child looked up into his face. "Tell me the story," demanded she gravely, laying her small head against him and peeping at him through her hair. " Once upon a time," he began, '« there lived a little girl whose name was --." " Look, Reggie," called his wife, who had gone to the window, "we are going to have a storm. How quickly those clouds are banking up," : : He carried the child over and, stood beside her. " It will be only heat rain," he said. The sun had bidden behind a cloud, and' a dry wind swept by driving the dead leaves before it ; the heat seemed more intense as the clouds grouped together and hung low over the waiting earth. The windows rattled and a door in a distant part of the house shut with a loud bang. Then the air seemed still, and the flowers bent their heads a little, and the leaves whispered wonderingly. A lightning flash lit up the room for an instant, and tbe wife, too, drew closer to her husband. Another awful peal of thunder, a sheet of lightning that seemed tb cover the sky, and then the rain fell in slow heavy drops. The child looked up when she heard the sound and watched it fall, less slowly, less heavily, until it became a smart shower, and then, oh wonder and delight to every childish heart, it changed to hali I * " Bet me get them ! Let me get them!" ehe cried, springing from her father's arms and gathering; the tiny balls in her warm little palms. How they crowded evei-ywhere. The verandah was covered with them, the flower beds were all white, they had beaten down the rosee and, huddled tip among the scented petals, lay together on the earth, they heaped in the corners of the window sills and melted dripping everywhere ; then thé sui came out from behind the cloud where he had been hiding to look at the earth in hei new white dress and see how beautiful sh« was. And the sky seemed, the bluer anc the brighter overhead as the angry storn clouds drifted quickly to the weat, anc turning called the. sun to : come anc set among their : black and angry towers Tte remembrance of God's promise dwel in a full, beautiful bow across the wid< arch of matchless, blue, and a single sta: that had just risen- seemed to point at i with a faint, white Anger. " Isn't that exquisitef'' Mabel Cliffor< said, indicating the sunset.' " I- shouL like tb stay ' and watch it, only I must g and put some dry clothes on this bundle o naughtiness before ehe catches cold/' pick- ing up the child. "Tee dood, mother," the little one pro- tested. " Yes, Mignon is always mother's best good, my beautiful one, my baby, my bonnie baby." It faded quickly, that wonderful after- glow in the West, and the stars came out one by one just like good people taking their places in church, lighting the long gloaming with their faint cold light. The warm earth smelt strangely sweet in the mysterious half-light and everything was still dripping with the clean wet rain. ??' The full moon rose slowly . behind the ;, house filling the : world with light, falling in a broad belt of silver across the lawn, and peering in long slanting rays under tr e sombre shadows of the trees. Tue house door stood open and a clock chimed distinct ly 12 musical solemn strokes. Almost before the last had died away Mignon's little figure came: out of the'house down the three stone steps of the verandah on to the cold white lawn. The email bare feet sank deep in the buffalo grass, the listless arms hung close by her side, the white nightdress with its dainty lace trimming made the child look like a little ghost. Poor little sleeping ghost. On, on j across the lawn, down the .gravelled avenue with the dark trees on either side, through the paddock ' where, the purple lucerne flowered and out througn the slip- rail on to the flat. On, on, under the tall silent gum trees and down by the sheep path to the water's edge. One bare foot slipped on the muddy bank, and the falling figure struck against a dark, ugly snag, which had reared its jagged head out of the wet earth,, and then the river took the child in its strong arms and bathed the tired limbs with its coolness and. washed the blood away from the dark wound on the temple. The little form lay quietly, the small child face upturned to the- summer sky, the heavy arms hung down with the palms turned under in the water, and the current carried it slowly and' "gently away. The moon looked down coldly and calmly on river and wooded shore, on house and hill, then shone in through an open window, across a sleeping face. " My baby," the mother said, smiling in her sleep; " my bonnie baby The success of Mr. W. J. Holloway in the rôle of the Earl of Kent in Irving's notable production of " King Lear," will come as a genuine surprise to those who knew him in Australia. "A beautiful bay horse;. , i . drank in.the.water with that soft sooisht sooish, that chimes in \- .' f>'< . - ¡ so musically with the river's flowing.11 