THE LITTLE GREY NURSE. Bt Mabt Leioh. ; - " o ' ' CHAPTER I. the grit nurse. It was a strange chain of circumstances that led me to- renounce my bachlorhood, and entei into the holy state of matrimony. I, John Marty a, M.D., M.BCP., after thirty-four years of sweet, unrestrained liberty, in less than thirty-four hours, suc- cumbed completely to- the fascinations ot a certain fair little woman of whom you will- hear anon. "Come down for a week, Jock," Gregory ' Ormond had said that eventful December. " I know you enjoy a bit of shooting and hunting and 1 can give you both." I was extremely fond of both sports, but they were not sufficient to tempt me to Bpend the week with Ormond at his fine old place in H shire. There was something about Ormond that clashed with my finer feelings. He was very well as a club acquaintance, hut I co old never dream of classing him with my friends. Perhaps the ugly rumours afloat as to his private life had something to do with this prejudice. A. man whp_is_ report ed .to.havo wooed and wedded a young inexperienced girl for her money and then neglects and ill- treats her, is not Hip, man I could call friend and love as a brother. "No thanks, Ormond," I replied, civilly enough. " I really do not think I could leave my pra3tice. I am particularly busy just now." " Nonsense, old man, why do you keep two assistants if you cannot trust your practice in their hands for a week r .book here, if the shooting and hunting are no1 ' a sufficient draw, let me tell you that Pro fessor Wagstaffe is to be one of my guests. Come, now, don't you want to meet him ?" I pricked up my ears and flashed my eyes into his face with sudden but intense iuterest. He was smiling and watching me with a cunning little sneer in his eyes. . " Well ?" he inquired. Til come," 1 answered cooly. "Pro fessor Wagstaffe is the one man above all men at present that I long to meet; I have been introduced to him, but have neve had the pleasure of conversing with him." "You will have any amount of oppor- tunuio at my place," said Ormond, carefully flicking the x. from his cigar "I think you will like him, be io - sort of a fellow." So, through the medium of one of the most celebrated scientists of that day, I went down to Gregory Oimond's ancest ral home, was the means- of discovering one of the most cruel and unnatural crimes ever premeditated, and also met and won my wife. It was in the evening of the fourteenth of December tint 1 arrived at Ormond HalL It was a cold raw night outside, and when 1 entered the fragrant warmth of ii:e dimly-lighted entrance hall I T'< ,t!un stay my footsteps the blazing fire before j-xoeebing further. -"fell your master that I have arrived and would like to see. him if hs is at liberty," I said, addressing a grave elderly manservant who stood respectfully by my side. The man bowed and glided away and I was left the aole occupant of the magnifi cent old lia'll. I warmed myself and looked ab mt me curiously. " Surely Ormond is a lur.ky dog," 1 thought, as 1 surveyed the carved oaked walls and grand staircase and the spl-ndidly painted ceiling with a critical and covetous eye. I brought my gaze down from the gorgeous "ceiling with a start. Someone was slowly and hesitatingly descend,- iiic it me staircase. Not my host, us 1 first thought it might be. but a dainty little grey-clad figure, with a snowy cap resting upon her golded head, and snowy linen at her throat and wrists. 1 gazed blankly into the little pa'e face and sorrowful dark eyes, and stool spellbound before the fire, as the tiny slippered feet, peeping beneath the while apron, slowly and hesitatingly touched each stair. She. reached the last step, ai.d then, as I moved forward impulsively, she turned again, and, like an arrow from a bow, sped swiftly up the wide staircase and was.lost from my sight. I g-zsd ruefully up the gloomy staircase. " Whata lovely little nurse I murmured, and then 1 wondered who Ormond had ill in the house. Not his wife certainly, for ahe, poor girl, so rumour said, was recruit ing her shattered health and nerves in the south of France. Perhaps one of the servants, but Ormond would scarcely engage an hospital nurse to attend upon a domestic. Still musing thoughtfully, Jack Ormond himself appeared, and I determined to ask him. 1 was unable to carry out my resolve, however, for my host greeted mo loudly and warmly, and gave me bub little chance to put in a word. His handsome face was flushed, and his manner was buoyant arid gay in the extreme, contrasting strangely, so it seemed to me, with the haggard wildnesss of his eyes and the worried, anxious expression of his whole countenance. "Glad you have come, Jack 1" he cried effusively, "let mo show you your room Professor Wagstaffe is dying to know you." CHAPTER II. the professor. Gregory Ormond had collected his hcusp nartv with bcif-er taste and discrimination . thL I gave hfo> credit for, but, un doubtedly, Stanley, Ormond s married sister, had a great deal to "do with iiie selection. Handsome Mrs Stanley was no favorite of mine, hut I acknowledged her tact and cleverness as I glance. critically round the company of brilliant men and women nnlloxfoH tnowbher in the dra wincr-room. 1 knew most of them, but my interest was chiefly centred in the man I had so long wished to "become personally acquainted with, Professor Wagstaffe. He was a tall, fine man, between fifty and sixty years of age, with a splendid head and face, and a pair of the most wonderful ejes I have ever seen m any man's face. Dark brown, in colour, soft, tender, and dreamy, yet brilliant, and piercing with intelligence and gepius. His voice was singularly sweet and caressing, and his smile so kindly, that even little children who had never seen frim before went to him in-tinctively. In dress he was somewhat slovenly, as men of genius are sometimes, but in the most shabby and antiquated cost imagin able, he still looked what ha undoubtedly was — a gentleman. 1. He welcomed me kindly, and patiently listened to my mcdesttheories and opinions, answered my numerous qnestions fully and painstakingly, and, in fact, treated me so well that before hatf-an-honr had elapsed any admiration had grown into positive severance, and I became his devoted follower and champion from that time forward. At dinner the conversation turned upon ghosts. I think it was Beatrice Stanley, who was playing hostess in her usual im maculate style, who began it, and the subject was taken up esgeily. " " I'll lay ten to one that our ghost ia the prettiest and most original family ghost that ever haunted a house ! " cried Gregory -Ormond. excitedly. " Pretty I " chorused the ladies. "Lovely, I should say. None of your withered up old bags, or dishevelled, .moaning females, but a demure little grey \- hospital nurse, with golden hair, soft dark -eyes, and a sweet, pale faco. She is our . ghost, ladies and gentlemen I " " Nonsense ! " every one cried, scoikugly, and I hastened to raise my glass to my lips to hide my emotion, trusting that no one 'had noticed my violent start as Qrmond had described the family ghost to usi "No nonsense, I can assure you, an swered Gregory with more warmth than was necessary, so it seemed to me. I have seen her myself, and so have Beatrice and the servants. I have only described her to you so that you will know her when you meet her." " . , Some of the womeu shrieked here, raising my eyes from my plate, I met the s >ft, bright gaze of the Professor s eyes bent earnestly upon me. i felt myself colour up, and to hide my embarrassment, I said quickly : „ " Do you believe in ghosts. Professor . He smiled, but replied with his usual kind promptitude : " In your old family ghosts who have been wandering over and. oyer ooehouse for generation and generation, certainly not, but I do believe that if you wish it, you can bring back the spirit of anyone you love just for one brief, sweet instant. I think everybody round the table changed colour. I know I did, and Gregory Ormond went livid. It was not the words exactly that affected us, but the solemn blood-r.urdling manner in which the Pro fessor uttered them. _ , "I always thought Wagstaffe was cranky, I am convinced of it now," muttered a voice at my elliow, and I turned indignantly to my 1< ft-hand neighbour, a little pale, in significant man with an habitual disagree able expression upon his face, and a is- gustingly "cross-grained manner witn Dim. I knew him slightly. He was Beatrice Stanley's husband. . "Cranky chap," he repeated, nodding his head toward the Professor. I shrugged my shoulders, and turned my head from him and my attention to the conversation that was going on. " But, Professor," Ormond was saying, in an excited, injured way. "surely you believe in our family ghost when I toll you that I have seen her myself ! " " My dear hoy," answered the Professor, good- humouredly, " I do not dispute your word but I must see your ghost myself before I believe." ' Then you will be convinced soon, fox you will bu suie to see her before many days, or perhaps hours, have passed," de clared Ormond, triumphantly. " Pr- fessor," I said diffidently, " pardon me, but you said just now that you be lieved if we wished we could bring back the spirit of anyone we loved. Can you prove this to us ? " " Bosh !" came iu a hoarse whisper from my little left-hand neighbour. I turned still farther from him, and met the kindly glares of the Profeseor. " Certainly, with pleasure, my dear sir. I will relate a personal experience if the ladies care to hear it." There was a 5du».i x.olite murmur of assent, though I knew more tnau uao fair dame was shaking in her slippers with superstitious horror. " It was when 1 was a young nun at college," began the Pro fessor, his eyes upon the sherry glass he was twisting in his fingers. I had returned about a week to Oxford after the Long Vacation when I received the news that my mother had died quiresuaaenly my i p-tph i&sfc; upon li<jr lips juot Defr rel aving home, 1 had displeased my mother in some way, and she had lectured me, somewhat severely for her. So incensed and mortified was I at this that 1 would not speak to her for two days, and even at the moment of parting I refused io kiss her. " ' Kiss me, my own dear hoy,' she had pleaded ; but I was hard as flint, and putt ing her loving arms from my neck, I turned away and left her and never saw her again." The Professor paused for one second, his f ico wonderfully tender, sad, and regretful. " You can imagine my grief and horror when I beard the tidings. To my dying day 1 sin 11 never forget those first bitter hours. I threw myself down in my room md pin fed that she might come bi»clc &«T«n fnr fill A kiPS I had ret used to give Her. uaj- aCb»- lay, nigh", after night, this was mf one j 'ayer 'God, let her come back for one moment that I may kiss her.' ' At lass one night my passionate prayer was granted." The Professor paused again, (and a shudder passed round the table. " It was a beautiful summer night, light as day, wich the moonlight streaming over the room. I lay in my bed, my passionate pleading prayer upon my lips, when iu the stream of moonlight, my mother came toward me with outstretched hands, and a glad fond smile upon her face. ' She was dressed just as I had eeen her many times ; there was nothing unearthly or auperuatmal about her, " Mother I" I cried loudly, sitting up in bed, ,-oh, mother! have you come for my kiss ? Mother, mother, say you forgive me." " She came closer to me until 1 felt her dear arms about me and her lips upon mine." "I forgive you, my dear, dear boy. God bliss yon," Bhe whispered. I clung to her passionately, and poured out all my pent up repentance, regret, and love, in kisses upon her beloved face. " Darling, goud-byc," she cried, " and then 1 felt her arms wi' hdraw from me, and I fell oack upon my piilows in a swoon. When I came to myself some minutes afterwards the moonlight was streaming in as serenely as ever, and not a sign was there of a super natural visitation." The Professor ceased, and we all drew our oreaths shirply. I felt rather than saw that dainty lace handkerchiefs were b-.-icg UBed rather freely on the other side of thk table, but I did not raise my eyes from my plate, where they had rested throughout the Pro fessor's story, '' Sensational bosh 1 Mad as a March hare I Ought to have been locked up ages agol" grunted my cross-grained left-hand com panion. 'Very pretty and touching; thank you, Professor, cried Beatrice Stanley sweetly, giving, the'ladies the signal to rise at the same time. " Don't you believe In him ; he is" 'ah' did fraud," wbispered Mrs Stanley's little cub of i husband, as the ladies left the room, " He is a wolf in sheep's clothing. I know rim," with a diabolical leer ; " don't you have ihy thine to do with him." " When I rtq-ire your advice I will ask you for it, Mr Stanley," I replied coldly, turning away from him, CHAPTER III, yvas she a ghost ? It was strange that twice in one night I -aw the pietty little nurse ghost of Ormond Hall. .. I had with great diplomacy, so I thought,- inveigled the Professor into a scientific argu ment, and long after the other men had de parted to their respective bedrooms we had sat in the sung smoke-room, talking and smoking. It was close on three o'clock in the morning when we lighted our candles and wended our way up the grand staircase. "So you do not believe in Ormond's family gaost, Professor?" I said, in a - subdued voice, as we climbed slowly up side by side. He laughed gently. " 1 did not say so, hut I should like to see her." We had reached the top, and 1 saw, just as he spoke, advancing swiftly towards us the little grey figure 1 had seen about eight hours previously. 1 grasped the Professor's arm excitedly, and motioned towards her. "With the utmost coolness he drew me gently on one side, so that she could pass us on her way downstairs, and even in my excitement I noticed a little smile playing round his lips. The flutter ing white apron almost touched me ae she flitted pass us, and my heart beat with ad ditional rapidity as 1 met the sorrowful, pleading dark eyea. She did not glance at the Profei3or, and I noticed after she had passed us that he had kept well in the back ground, my burly figure almost entirely hiding him. ' Oimond Ehould not allow his pretty little ghost to winder about this time in the morn ing," he cried sarcastically, looking over my shoulder ; ' twelve o'clock is the pioper time for a ghost's constitutional." There was a note in the Professor's voice that jarred upon me, and I turned npon my heel sharply. "What has Ormond io do with it?" I growlel. He laughed again, and 1 parted with him at his bedroom door some what coldiy. My room was modernly fitted up, contain ing every luxury and convenience, with not a shadow of anything ghostly or supernatural- about it. , - .. I went straight to my fire, poked it savagely, and then sat down for half-an- huur'a smoke and think, before turning in. When I threw- away -the end of my last cigarette and rose to my feet to prepare for bed, I said to my self '.with, an audible chuckle: " Ormond should have obtained a more appropriate uniform wheu he obtained his little ghost uurse. I wonder if the hospital nurses of a hundred years ago (if there were any) wore the same uniform, neat little caps and aprons'included, as they do in this eminently practical age of - ours ! Ah, Ormond, you are not half _ sharp enough for au old practitioner like my self." _ ... Still chuckling and feeling mightily pleased at my discovery, I went to bed and dreamed all night of pretty grey hospital., nurses, noble-faced Professors, and weird ghost stories. The following day a Bhooting party was organised, and I was one of the number, We had a capital day's sport, and it was not until the dusk was beginning to fall that we wended our weary steps homeward. Either by chance or design, and I am tempted to think the latter, Beatrice Stanley's husband attached himself to me, lighted his pipe at urine, and trudged on steadily by my side. I made one or two general remarks about the day's sport, then lapsed into silence, too tired to exert my self to talk to such a moody companion. Presently with extraordinary abruptness and irrevelance he said : " 1 wonder v. hat the old lnnatici has been nn to tn-div 1" T turned and surveyed him in. amazement. ' Who ?" I asked coldly. "Your Professor.. 1 should like to know what out-rage to society and the human race at large he ia planning now. He has some thing in his wicked old head, 1 know. Some dynamite outrage or big poisoning case, or something." " If you cannot speak truthfully and re spectfully of one of the greatest men of the age, you had belter not speak of him at ali, ' L said sternly. Now, look here, Martyn," ciied the little man energetically, laying his band on my arm," you believe m this old fraud aud 1 do not-, that is the difference. He is a crazy, unscrupulous old villain. I know more of him than you do, my boy ; 1 believe he would Bell his soul, the old fool, in the 'interest ci science,' as he calls it." " 1 tirink you should explain yourself more fully, Stanley," I said eulfly ; ' come, what have you agaiast the Professor?" '1 wish I coula tell you, Martyn, but I dare not ; 1 know only a little of his dark needs antl evil ways, Beatrice knows more and Ormond more still. I am only warning yon, lad, don't- cultivate a .wolt in sheep's clothing for a friend ; be may turn round and bite you wheu you least expect it." J made no reply, 1 was deeply annoyed and uneasy. Of course 1 did not believe what he had just said, but still tne words had been spoken and were destiaed to rankle iu my heart ; the stedB of -ouOt had been sown ana already the glamour that had en circled the Professor in my eyes' was begin ning to la-te. On reaching the Hall, I safely deposited my gun and trappings, au-i leaving the rest smoking in the utile smoke-room, mounted toe oUirs to my room. 1 entered wearily and was making my way towaros the fiie- placa wtien my eyes lighted upon a twisted oit of white note-paper lying on my dressing- table. 1 took it up and looked at it curiuusly. it was ar Crease J io " Dr. John Martyn " iu a pretty, clear, feminine handwriting. I turned it over and over, a presenliment or the truth gradually dawning upon me. 1 untwisted it and then leai its Contents with mingled feelings : ' You are a Uuoior ana a gentleman, and r eliint- iii-.n -A.il I nnt THinse me vour advice and ucip. o..u you meetme this evening in the west terrace at line o'clock ? It is a matter of tile and death (Signed) " The Grey Nurse." " Here's a how d'ye do I tide's a pretty mesa ! ' quoicd L excitedly. ' Certainty, my pretty grey nurse, 1 will meet you witn the greatest of pleasure. Surely 1 was born under a lucky star." 1 had not been in the house much over forty-eight hours and yet, here 1 was already looking eagerly forward to keeping au appointment with a sweetly pretty, mys terious Intle personage known as the " grey nurre." " 1 wonder how she got to know my name and profession," I mused ; " but 1 daresay she has seen me somewhere before. Good ness knows what institution she belongs to. Dear little thing I fancy her picking me out to help her 1" 1 was aroused from my pleasant and Halter ing musings by ihedinuei'-bcil,anil;hastened to change my shooting things for the orthodox doner dress. " 1 wonder what she thinks of me 1" I murmured complacently, as 1 tied my lie iu front of the glass, " she must like me or she would not trust me." 1 ate my dinner that evening almost without a word. My thoughts were too busy with the little grey nurse and her note, lying so snugly in my breast pocket, to talk even to the handsome, witty woman whom 1 had taken in to dinner. Sac tried perseveringly to engage me into a conversation, but each time 1 answered so absently and .absurdly that at laBt, with a charming shrug and pout, she gave it up. '1 give it up, doctor," she -said,- "it is about as difficult to make a pig talk aB you to-night." 1 -apologised hastily and humbly, and Beatrice Stanley took up the affair. " A penny for yonr thoughts, Mr Martyn ; do they concern the pretty grey nurse, pray?" 1 looked into her handsome sneering face and wondered dreamily why she hated me so. "Your family ghost, do you mean," I in quired'; "no, my thoughts just then were with the living, not the deadj" " What do you think of her now, Jack?" asked Ormond, carelessly. " Have yon seen her ?" inquired my fair vwwjjuutvu, wugMaji nuu a xcifc a uumusr 01 beautiful iuterts-.ed eyes instantly fasten themselves upoai my impassive countenance. " Yes, 1 did, and bo did" the Professor," I replied calmly, and the number of pretty eyes were at once removed from my face to that ot the ProfesBor, I was very glad that Beatricee btanley at that moment gave the signal to rise 1 was sick of the dinner and the endless chatter, and 1 was anxious to get away as soon as possible. This was not very Boon, however. I had the greatest difficulty in getting out of a scien tific argument with the Professor, 1 managed by some nieanB to wriggle oat of it, and to hand him over to Ormond, and when they were fairly in it I slipped qnietly away. I obtained an overcoat and cap from the cloak room, and juBt as the hand of my watch was on the figure nine, 1 closed the hall door alter me and stepped out into the bright frosty night. CHAPIER IV. the QEEr NUBSE SPEAKS. As I crossed th« bright, glittering grounds I inwardly wished the moon under a cloud, or anywhere except sailing calmly across the cloudltss sky. 1 hurrieu as quickly a3 possible to the west terrace, knowing that when I could reach its Bhelter I should be perfectly Bafe from pry ing eyeB, as the weit side of the Hall was almost entirely uninhabited. The west ter race was also, fortunately, in the shadow, and I heaved a sigh of relief when I bad left the moonlight behind me. 1 looked eagerly before me as I strode along, and my pulees bounded as a slender, grey- cloaked figure Btcpped from behind a stone statne and stood before me. 1 slopped short, and raised my cap. Have I kept yon waiting ? 1 must apolo gise- if 1 have," 1 said, trying to speak as coolly and carelessly as I could. She came close to mc, and lifted a pale, agitated face. " Keep close in the shadow of the walls, aud speak low," she whispered. Ai she spoke she drew me with slender white fingers into I the Bfaadow of the massive, ivy-colorel wall». 'We shall be safe for half- an-hour, at any rate." she went on rapidly. " I must tell you what Ijjhave to in as Bhort a time as I can." She pan ed, and drew a long qmiveriup breath,- and I felt that she was trembling violently. Poor little thing 1 I was sorry in my heart for her, and, drawing nearer to her, I took ber little shaking hand and drew it through my. arm. "There," I said, patting it gently, "now trust me entirely, and tell me everything." " I know you well by repute, and I have seen you once before in London ;.thatis why I have chosen you to. confide my , terrible story to. 1 cannot tell yon how glad I was when I recognised you last night iu the hati. I knew I' had found someone at last who would help us." She paused, for breath, and then, lowering her voice still more, continued rapidly : I must tell you my story as quickly as possible. Gregory Ormond's poor wife is hidden away in the west portion of the hall, and is being gradually and most cruelly mur : .dered by her own husband and a friend of his." 1 ottered an exclamation- of horror"' and amazement, and she went on without heed ing me : " I am supposed to be here nuraing her for paralysis. But, great Heavinl I am as powerless to help and save her from the cruel, but sure, death that is gradually overtaking her as a child unborn. 1 want your help — 1 must have it," Shespoke passionately, and clasped my arm with two clinging, little hands; turning her beautiful dark eyeB on to my sympathetic face. " But I thought she was in Italy," I said, She made a gesture of impatience. " So it is supposed by outsiders. But the Stanleys and the servants know that Bhe iB in the house ; they imagine that she is dying frnm n-porlnol nevatitBionf ilia Vvroln ftnH Hmhn Doctor, it is a lie I" I started, but only pressed her hand ; and she went on : " When I came here about six weeks ago Mrs Ormond was as well a9 I am, except for a strange weakness and lassitude. Now I have to feed her, lift "her in and out of bed, aud dress her. She has lost nearly all the use cf her limbs, besides which she is gradu ally, day by day, losing Iter reason. Every day she grows more simple, more insane. Oh 1 doctor, it is terrible to watch her 1 Save her before it is too Jate." For the moment I thought the little grey nurse was about to break down, but, con quering her hysterical motion pluckily, she contiuued her story : " Djotor. I cannot bring forth positive proofs, but my profesiionul experience aoe. instinct tells me tbat the poor thing is being poisoned. It is not an ordinary poisoning case either, such a one as we meet with very often in the hospitals, bat it is full of horri ble mystery, cruel crime, and norror. Doc tor, do you believe that anyone can be poi soned by injection ?" Certainly," l "rep!ied promptly'." " And do yon know of any slow, insidious, but deadly poison thrt, injected in any por tion of the b.idy, gradually paralyses both miud aud body but leaves no suspicion of puison, or anything beyond the ordinary state of nature ?" I shook my head, but said thoughtfully : ' No, I know of none ; but I have no doubt whatever that there is such a poison existing, and that it will be riscovered some day. But. tell me. if you are in constant attendance upon this unhappy lady, what cbauce has her husband to inject the poison, as yon suspect he does ?" She shook her head and shivered, ' I do not know. He comes to see her regularly once a week, but I never leave her whilst he is there. H ' possesses a key to her looms, however, and I think the diabolical mischief is done whilst I atn away some times, taking a breath of fresh air out here on the terrace, or fetching things I require from downstairs. The servants are not allowed to wait. >— . a— ' , If iLuv unng a bucket of coal to the door it is as much as they dare do. They are all old, well nilfl BOTUQ n fo Vi n r» nn piTO/li- mn owil «w ihusd. OUU VUOJ UU GTii, They think, like Beatrice Stanley and her husband, that poor Mrs Orm-md is gradually dying under too grievouB affliction of para lysis of the body and the brain. She is, too, but from foul, not natural, means." " Well, what do you want me to do?,' I asked, as she paused. I want you to examine her. You are a medical roan, and you can do so with safety. Then if you find my suspicions are correct, give information to proper authorities and bave the matter well looked afcer. If you will not. help me to get away and 1 will expose them myself," she added passionately; " surely there is justice even for us poor women 1" " Hush 1" I cried qnietly ; " now yon are talking nonsense. Trust me, I will do every thing that ia right. Tell me, is there any mark to ahow that an injection has ever taken place ?" "Ye3," she answered eager' y, " a little round red mark inside the right arm below the elbow. The mark was very small when I first came, bat I notice that it growa gra dually larger, and has the appearance now of a sore with the head knocked off," " Is that the only sign ?" \- " All, except the increased helplessness of the limbs, and the feebleness of the brain." " When can I examine her?" " Sunday, the day sifter to-morrow, would bo the best. Mr Ormond ia quite Bafo for that day ; he never comes to see her on a Sunday, and I do not leave her from morn ing till eight." " Very well then, shall I meet yon here on Sunday evening, and will you then take me to the poor girl ?"' . " You meet me here at half-past six, thev will be dressing for dinner then, so I think that will be the best time. Good-night, I dare not stay any longer, they will discover us, and poor Mrs Ormorid will be awake and crying for me." " Stay," I cried, as she was turning away, " you havn not told me your name, what am I to call you by ?" " Nurse Dawson," shs replied shyly, blush ing all over her fair little face and dropping her dark eyes beneath my ardent gsze. "But what is your Christian name?" I asked again, holding her little trembling hands closely in mine. She hesitated, then murmured- — ivate. "Nurse Kitty, eh?" I said audaoiously. " Well, dear, brave little Nnrse Kitty, good night, and I will be here on Sunday evening at ha f-psst six sharp," " Yes," she whispered. " Good-night," and, palling her hands away, she sped like a bird down the terrace and ronnd a corner out of my sight, I stopped to light a cigar, then strolled back to the front of the house, meditating upon what the little grey nurse disclosed to me. " By Jove," I muttered, " Ormond ia more of a villain and less of a fool than I took him. to be. Where has he got the idea of in jecting poison from ? and, again, where has he obtained the poi9on from ? He must have a clever accomplice somewhere. ' Well, it is an original and scientific way of getting rid of one's wife ; bnt what a brute he must be." I paused and mused awhile npon the stories I had heard regard ing himself and a woman notorious for her be-iuty and her conquests, and then my houghti wandered back to. the little- grey nurse. " Plucky little woman," I murmured ; ' "y Jove," passionately, " she is a womao worth winning, and if ever I marry it shall be Nurse Kitty." The men had not left the dining-room when I got back ; I heard their voices and laughter as I passed the door, but I did not go in. I went straight to the drawing-room, where I was welcomed eagerly, and when- the test of the men entered I was busily engaged in making myself agreeable to the ladies CHAPTER V. disenchanted. I lowered .the lamps carefnlty in the sick room, then in the dim light - turned ano gravely surveyed theTittle-nurso. " I am afraid your suspicions are only tot- correct, nnrse ; the poor .lady ...has been poisoned. It is impossible for me t oiay on sach a Blight examination what poison hae been used ; I do not recognise it, Lbi what- ever it is, it has done its work. Nnrse, I am afraid I am too late to Bave Mrs Ormond's >ife. I think it is right to tell yon that she might die at aoy moment." . Tears shone in the little woman's pitying eves. " Then it is of no use endeavoring to get her away ?" " None whatever, nothing can save her now ; I might have Baved her bad I seen her a few weeks earlier ; as it is well, do not leave her for a moment unless yon feel pretty well sure that Ormond and his accom plice are dut of the bouBe. By the way, do you know who the man iB who has lent his diabolical aid to accomplish this cruel thing ?" " Do I know him I" she cried, her fair face flashing indignantly and her dak eyes fltsh- ing. "the fiend I the smooth-tongued serpent 1 If he is in the house now you must know him too. Expose him, ruin him, if you are a man and a Cnristian ; bring his grey hairs down to the grave with the most bitter shame and ' dishonor 1" "His name !" I whispered hoarsely, my face paling a s a horrible suspicion flashed through my mind. Y She gazed into my face with bitter curl ing lips and passionate eyes. " ProfesBor Wagstaffe," she said quietly. I drew my breath in quickly. I knew by instinct that she was speaking the truth. I did not pauBe to doubt or question, "Great Godl the villain," I muttered, clenching my hand. "I will-avenge this poor dying woman as sure as there is a God in heaven." "It was in the interests of science, you forget," she taid mockingly, and then with a little choking sob she wai moving away to wards the bed, wben I stopped her gently. " One moment," I said. " I will run up to London early to-morrow, and will call at Scotland Yard. We' will avenge this poor girl even if we cannot save he! life." - I looked eagerly for the thanks I ex pected in the young nuTse'B eyes, and I found them. " Thank yon, thank yon," she murmured. " I would like to see you to-morrow even ing," I said. " Can you leave a note on my dressing-table to say when and where I can meet yon?" # She nodded and then hurried away, and I went Blowly back to my room to don my dinner clothes. I found it hard work to hide my feelings, and to be as friendly as usual with my host and the Professor. I flatter myself, however, that I acted my part to perfection without creating the least suspicion in the minds of either of the men. I discussed a knotty question with the latter with unusual brilliancy and enthusiasm, though 1 longed passionately to stand up and proclaim him before the whole table to he a fraud and a scoundrel. I joked and laughed with. Ormond, and as we rose from our wine to join the ladies, I declared my intention of running up to London in the morning. , "Very well, my boy— oome and go just as you please," answered Ormond, gaily. ''But try and return in time for dinner. Beatrice has invited some of the county magnates." I promised to do so if possible, and smiled grimly to myself as I thought that perhaps 1 should not return alone. I was up early and away by the first train to London, and I returned just as the wintry twilight was drawing in, but not alone. I was accompanied by two officers from Scotland Yard. I did not bring them to the Hall, but left them at the west lodge. " I will send for you when I want you," I said. CHAPTER VL in the interest of soienoe. I reached my room safely without meet ing anyone except one of the demure middle-aged women servants, who glh-ed about the house, and got in our way occa sionally, and hurried with break-neck speed into my dress-clothes. I spent very little time before my looking-glass that evening, and even debarred myself the nlfiRenra ftf mmmvliviiv /mtaL ' v !.. i wawugtiiig UVCI DBJ- W n 1 TJ1 . . Til R l was anxious to reach the drawing- room as early as I could. Ab I opened-iny door and stepped forth hurriedly, I stumb'ed over a little grey- clad figure waiting patiently outside. " I beg your pardon — why, nurse !' She took hold of my arm, and drew me forcibly away down the corridor. " Quick 1" she cried. " Mrs Ormond is dead or dying. Come to her." We traversed the deserted corridors and dark passages until- we reached the west wing, and then 1 stood by the bedside and looked down pityingly, regretfully into the peaceful dead face of Gregory Ormond's murdered wife. "The villains! The villains!" I muttered passionately, and the little -nnrse giizedmtomy face with mute questioning eyes. " Yes, she is dead,' I replied.- and for the first time to my knowledge the brave little woman broke "down completely, and, flinging, herself -beside. -the- bed, > wept bitterly. I gazed- moodily at them both, the dead woman with, her wasted -face beautiful by death; and -her living; -breath ing sister mourning fur her loss. Presently Nurse Kate arose and shied her eyes reso lutely. Now I am ready/' Bhe said; ' what am I to do ?" "Are your nerves steady ?" I asked. . . " Perfectly— see," holding out twoabeady little hands, which I promptly seized in mine, and held fast and close. " Well, I want you to iua down to the west lodge, and tell two men you will find waiting there to come up te the Hall at once. It will not take you teu minutes, and when yon return get one of the women servants to help you with your poor patient. Can you do this f" " Yes," she replied, " but, doctor, what are you going to do with her— murderers ?" " Deliver them over to . j ustice," I - said, sternly. " Now, dear, wrap up and. run away as quickly as you can." 1 still held her hands,' reluctant to . let them out of my grasp, then I bent and kissed the (-oft white fingers tendei.ly, " Dear, brave little Nurse Kitty?" I cried. Wheu I entered the dta wing- room Borne fifteen minuteB later I found Ormond and ine rroresaor tne centre or a group or dill- liant men and women. , 1 walked straight up to them, and stood facing the two murderers. Ormond glanced carelessly at me and the Professor smiled kindly. " What is the matter; Jack, yon look white and harassed. Have yon seen a ghost I" 1 No," I answered coldly and distinctly, bat 1 have just looked upon tbe dead face of a murdered woman. Gregory Qrmond, your wife is dead, and I accuse you and your .-lever scientific accomplice, Professor Wag staffe, of her death." 1 glanced toward the open door as I sooke louuiy and iistioctly, and the two officers from Scotland Yard came in and advanced towards us. Borne of the ladies screamed, some fainted, Beatrice Stanley stood perfectly still, livid to the lips, with a great horror in her band- some eyeB, and the men looked white and Inghtened. " We arrest yon in the Queen's name for the mnider of Charlotte Ormond." Gregory stood mate and still beneath the iron grasp of one of the officers, a terrible calmness upon his ghastly face ; but the Professor lightly shouk off his man's hand and walked toward me, smiling blandly as asual. " My dear Doctor," he said, " this is un kind of you. It was all in the interest of science. I murdered the unhappy young woman if you like, I do not deny it, I do not regret it, 1 would io it again and again to gain-the knowledge I bave gained. It iB a ueautifnl thing, a noble poison ; shall I ex plain it to yon ? Ah I you shrink, and you're a doctor, too. Fie I Why, doctor, if 1 liked I could kill you there as you stand. I could hypnotise yon- to deith ; there is no imit to science and medicine. -Shall I hyp notise you ?" 1 waved him off frantically as he advanced neuer, and I heard Stanley's voice at the back of me saying : " Jnst as 1 thought, mad as a March hare ;" and I knew that the little man was right. I knew tbmt this grievous tin had been com< mitfced by a madman, in tbe interest . of science. LI turned away wish a groan, Bick at heart, and cursing myself for my blindness. 'Take care of him," 1 whispered to the officer, " he ia mad, poor old mari." . At that moment Beatrice Stanley's horror arid -astonishment found voice ; walking un steadily to her brother, she said huskily : "Is thiB true? Have you murdered Charlotte ?" He returned her gaze with wild haggard eyes, and whispered : " It was for her sake, Beatie." As he Bpoke he withdrew, his fingers from his breast, where they had been lightly rest ing daring the whole of the painful Bceue, and the next instant a sharp report rang through the room. A woman's shriek followed, and Gregory Ormond fell backwards into his sister's arms, shot through the heart. nn# It was on Ohristmas Day, our last day at Ormond Hall. We had followed poor Char lotte Ormond to her grave, and now stood side by side mentally bidding good-bye to the silent, deserted Hall. I had promised to escort the little grey nurse back to the arms of her grey Bisters and tho Bhelter of a well-known institution in London, and in the morning we were going to turn our backs on the old place for ever. The guests had all taken their departure, Beatrice Stanley remained Bhut up in her room, the Professor had been removed to a private asylum, and Gregory Ormond lay cold and still in the darkened room a % aiting his burial. I glanced at the girl at my side as we stood by the drawing-room window overlook ing the snowy grounds. She was pale and heavy-eyed, and weary little lines . of pain Bhowed round the Corners of her sweet month. - "Yon look tired." I said tenderlv : "vou will be glad of a real." "YeB," she answered dreamily, "I shall be glad of a rest," " Never mind, this is yonr . last case, little one," I said cheerfully, "no more haunted houses or poisoning cases for you." " I hope not," Bhe replied gravely, regard ing me with soft troubled eyes ; but 1 shall be ready for any case our matron cares to send me to." '' Oh no, you will not, my pretty little grey nnrse," 1 answered coolly. I shall have a voice in that. Don't jon know that you are to beloug io me from henceforth i" I put my arm3 iound her and drew her to me. " Yott are to tell your matron to-morrow that I wish -you to resign. : I am to be your patient for the future, will you take care of me, Kitty?" And for answer Bhe softly kissed me. ' the ENr>, 