RANDOM PAPERS BY Qoivis. AN OLD HOARDING. As becomes a young community, we have a healthy contempt for the past, and in our schools history is ignored for the most part as a useless encumbrance on the memory The average scholar believes that history and civilisation came in with " Batman and Johnny 1 Fawkner, and if you suggest that perhaps there were brave men before Agamemnon will ask who the Dickens he was year or two ago every one of us was proudly conscious that he was the first of the family and the architect of his own fortune, now we have the grim satisfaction of knowing that, if no entailed or circum bered estate clogs us each of us is the author of his own overdraft and his own composition of a farthing in the pound When it can be proved against a public man that he has been connected with the past he is removed, and the services of old public servants are rewarded with ruthless superannuation. Reputations get damaged and shabby, there fore, when time touches them, and as our ruins are not old enough for the ivy to twine itself lovingly around them, they have to be content with a coating of mildew and blight A dry as dust professor may ask, " Who printed thee, for example, this unpretending volume on the Philosophy of Clothes Not Herren ¡stillschweigen and Co , but Cadmus of Thebes, Faust of Metz, and innumerable others whom thou knowest not now there been no Maso Gothic Ulfila, there had been no English. Shakspeare, or a different one. Simpleton It was Tubal Cam that made thy tailor's needle and sewed that court suit of thine " So drivels the professor, but we prefer to say, with Cousin the Frenchman " Aucun de nous ne connect son pere, nous sortons tour de dessens he gave In the light of the foregoing remarks may be expected, therefore, that when last week the energetic drapery firm of Bourke street found the old hoarding, of which this article treats, they were not in search of the past, or of its memoranda As a matter of fact, the old hoarding was laid bare during an attack of "enlargement of the premises to which none but energetic firms are subject Not the past, but the future was in view, when the posters and handbills of forty years ago were laid bare Forty years are not much in an old country with baronial ruma frowning from every cliff, and mouldering cloisters and ancient shrines, which the winters of a thousand years have been relintlesalygnawing But forty years ago there were only 250,000 people in the colony, the men of to day, the laws and the constitution of to day, were not These were the old times before universal suffrage had brought sweetness and light, and before the lands were unlocked. There were " digger hunts " in those days, for the Eureka Stockade had not been erected, and Sir Charles Hotham ruled in blue! sailor fashion. Forty years ago the old hoarding was the east wall of a shop past which the crowds, then as now, drifted in thousands from dawn to mid- night. The sounds and the cries of the time have faded into silence long ago, and the men who uttered them are now-ghosts To an eye with a feeling for the past the old bills and placards peering through the dust, while workmen full of the present ply hammer and crowbar, are pathetic The unexpected confronting of the energetic firm and the workmen with the crowbars by the generation that is dead is as if one had seen the apparition of an ancestor in broad daylight or broken into a grave whilst rushing towards the goal with eager feet. The workmen, not having had an eye for the past, had torn down the bills from the bricks and tossed them into a corner on a heap of plaster and broken laths before the significance of the hoarding was perceived. Its story is therefore at best a broken one, and has to be supplemented by references to the newspapers of the time. Otherwise it had proved to be a palimpsest, telling layert under loy ed the history of the times Tram August 13," _t>íí¡),'to July 31, 1850. The latter date is on the half of a green play "for, which appears to announce the appearance Mr. G. V. Brooke in "A New Way to Pay Old Debts." The allotment of the characters is missing, but the cast is complete, and is as follows: -Mr. R. McGowan, Mr. G. V. Brooke, Mr. Hair, Mr. R. Younge, Mr. Ryan, Mr. Webster, Mr. Wheeler, Mr. Percy, Mr. Sefton, Mr. Jones, Mrs. Brougham, Miss Fanny Cathcart, Mrs. Wright. The earliest date is on it fragment of a newspaper bill, and announces "Latest News from the Various Gold-fields, Aug. 15, 1953." Between these dates there are scores of announcements dealing with the life and interests of the time, and reflecting its vigour and youthful heartiness. Among the business announcements a flaming poster announces that "Cobb and Co.'s telegraph line of coaches now run between Melbourne and the new rush at Blackwood, and another fragment speaks of " Later London News. Arrival of the Oliver Lang," Strange to say each of these is linked in a very interesting manner with the present. We believe that Mr. Robson, one of the partners in the firm, while it boy came out in the Oliver Lang 'Ihecoinmenton the Blackwood rush by one of those present in this "-as, it was the Blackwood rush, and I believe that is the very coach my father and uncles went up in I've heard em laugh about the first time they did their washing J Grey boiled their flannels till the) shrunk so they could go on a baby There is a shipping notice about the Great Britain, Captain B R Mathews, and another headed " Black Ball line of Australian packets to succeed the Marco Polo, the splendid clipper ship Indian Queen The gem of the business announcements is nearly complete, and is of the size known as " Double Crown On the face of it there is still to be seen in cross cross lines of dried paste the elan dash of the bill-sticker s brush But it is as nothing compared to the slap dash of the author a style, and the wild i freedom of an imaginative soul It speaks for itself, and is as follows - Newcastle. On the area. On Tuesday last At Eleven O Clock At 107 LLU "BETH STREET S Bottomley Will sell GOO acre allotments In calls Imi errant Township which promises fair to be a treat COU, FIELD Terms Liberal Title Guaranteed Plan and Particulars with auctioneer It is well known that there was once a gold- field in Collingwood, of which a colonial statesman was manager, and which was not developed owing to the first washing having been lost during an interview with a prosaic Minister of Mines The washing was said to have fallen on the carpet and been lost, and as its weight was alleged to have been the 002 of a pennyweight, it is a pit) After the lapse of 40 years one has little difficulty in saying where the late veracious Mr. S. Bottomley now labor under the glimpses of the moon who has ever seen the important township of Newcastle on the Yarra, " which promises to be a great coal field'" Perhaps Mr. Nathaniel Levi could tell us something about it. On a torn handbill are the words, "Moral and religious state of the colony. To night, at half-past . . . will lecture." Another mutilated document is as follows: -"£500 revvoid. The Melbourne Gold Escort Company will pay the sum of arrest of parties .... robbed the M'lv or branch of the escort " The lecture was well timed ap presently, and if some of the robbers could have been induced to attend it they might have benefited in every way by those days, however, as in these the sermons and moral lectures were, as a rule, heard only by good people, who could not be wicked if the) tired Even in those days what was in latter years to develop into Sir Graham Berry and the great heart of the people " was beginning to beat, as this placard will testify -"Sir C Hotham has fixed Monday, August 12 to receive the deputation appointed at the monster meeting held at Astley's, in reference to the opening of the land, and to provide employment for the people " But whatever the staid people of the metropolis might be content to do, the lucky) digger and the gilded youth of the time de mauled other amusements besides moral lectures and public meetings at Astley's For them was penned this - ' CONCERT HALL, Union Hotel Bourke street Mrs VINCENT, lastly denominated The Star of Bendigo, Together with Messrs Inns, 19 all oils and Vincent Will appear Every Evening Though to us the words are meaningless, to them this was doubtless full of interest - 1 Don't go to Braid is to night You will enjoy yourself too much I he new chum might feel grateful for the information, but for them this was quite superfluous -" Where is the Salle de Valentine At the circus (late Niblo's), top of Bourke street east Theirs were the cakes and ale, and also the ginger hot in the mouth at "The Criterion Bowling Alley, Bourke street,' and at "Rowe's Circus, to night, with its "Immense success of the Laughing Jackass Gallop ' To them was vouchsafed the right denied to Professor M'Coy, " The Baron, and all other scientists, of what was called "The Great Exhibition -To be exhibited at the shop opposite the Rainbow, in Swanston street, the greatest curiosity of a fish called the Oblong Diadong, six feet long and six feet six inches in breadth This has not been known to be bought for 165 years the eastern wall, where the old hoarding looked out on the busy street, is covered up again by the western wall of Messrs Bussell, Hobson and Bussell, and the fragments torn from it have ere now been committed to the flames It is strange that the old hoarding tells us nothing about the stirring events of 185\. It must have shown to eager upturned eyes stirring notices about the impending fall of Sebastopol, and the tragic affair at the Eureka Stockade. The country was con- vulsed to its centre by the Ballarat trouble, and yet the palimpsest gives no legible sign. The glimpse it has given us of the past has been short, and the picture broken and fragmentary, and the showman apologises humbly for its shortcomings before the curtain is rung down. His trouble in piecing the mosaic together has not been in vain if it has awakened in some souls that feeling for the past of which he spoke. The wearied man says, sometimes between head and hope "You passed tout passe, tout passe." All, not so, friend. It may be true that " the transactions of the day were they never so noisy cannot remain loud for ever ; the morrow comes with its new noises clamouring also to be registered in the im- measurable concert and conflict of this chaos of existence figure after figure sinks as all that has emerged must one day sink." But the past is also kneaded into the present and will leaven the future. "I looked behind to find my past, And, so, it had gone before. As the wise man has said, " Creation and destruction proceed together; even as the ashes of the Old are blown about so organic filaments of the New mystically spin themselves." 