A FEARFUL CAB RIDE. THAD taken a carriago to go homo from tho mooting of tho Bonovolont Flannol * 'Mooiabion, of which I am a mombor, for it' vus a pouring rain, and no umbrella was of ?uny ava;il; and wo had gono jast aboub half a mile bhronjih tho dismal streets, whon tho driver suddonly stopped, and called through tho little window on tho roof — 'Ma'dam.'* ??( 'Well,' said I.V__ 'Could. you do me a favour— mo and a poor half-drowned lady out, here T Sho wants me to tako her in. Of course, it^wpuld be a good thing for mo, with my big fa'mily and low wages, and it would bo a charity to' her, poor thing, on such a day ; bub of course, if you object—' 'Oh no, I don'b object,' said I. 'I wouldn't keep a woman oub in such a fitorm for worlds. Let hor in.' 'Thank ye, 'said bhe driver. And I opened tho door. In an instant a woman had hurried in and taken hor seat opposite mo. Sho was a pretty woman, with a dark comploxion and long black hair, braided oddly enough in two pigtails liko a little schoolgirl's. Perhaps sho was 30. She woreji mourning gown, elaborately trimmed, a breakfast capo, and a littlo sealskin cap that might as well havo been a man's as a woman's. Sho Jind no glovos, no umbrella, no.watorproof cloak, and I felt euro, as I looked at hor, that she had boon obliged to go out in tho rain to call tho doctor to a child with tho croup, or to somoono who had met with an accidenb, for she had seemed to for get hor own comfort entirely. I felt sorry foi hor as sho wiped her poor little wot hands on hor lmndkorchiof, and looked piteously, at hor wot dross. But to speak to a stranger is such a stop for a woman, and 6ho had not uttered so much as a ' thank you ' for my courtosy, though sho had two or three times looked straight into my faco with hor big black oyos. I sat in silence, therefore, until at last she fixed a long steady gazo upon mo, and said : ' It is a wet, uncomfortable sorb of world aftor'all, isn't it ?' ' Indeed, it seems so to-day,' I said, with a glance at the lead-coloured sky. ' And ib never rains in heaven,' said she. ' Oh, no.' j-1;;i?n ' I hope not, I am suro,' said I. ' Where storms do nob come,' ehe repeated, as though making a quotation. 'Of course it does nob. Bub bhoii,' she added quickly, 'you eeo ono stays with ono's hilsband and children at any cost. As long ns thoy aro in 'this chilly, wretched world, one must wish to stay.' 'Indeed, yes,' said I. ? And then, Booing that slio wm agitated, and remembering my fancy that sho was going for a doctor, I said, haphazard : ' And when anyone we love is ill, we grow gloomy, . and fear all sorts of things.'' i-teit-'s- ' Yes,' said sho.''r ' I hare a husband, the doarosb fellow, and two prebty children — pretty and good as a mother could wish — and how anxious they woro when I was so ill. Terribly anxious. He cried — a great, stout man. Yes, ho oried. Of course the little ones did. And when_I died ? ' ' When you died.!' I repeated. ' lies, when I died,' shesaid, ina louder tone. 'When I died, I say, he fainted. Oh, you think itstrango that I should speak of myself so. Nobody boliovos me ; but it's true. I am nob living; I am only mate rialised.' ! I could nob make any answer to this ; I only shrank away into the corner of the car riage, for though I had no idea that I was in company with a ghost, her words mado me nervous. VVe had yet a long way to go, though the driver was doing his best, and what with the clatter of tho horse's hoofs, tho pattor of tho rain, and tho usual noises in the street, I doubted if I could make my voice heard if it became necessary, ' Yos,' tho lady went on — ' yes, I have a friend who 'is a spiritualisb, and I wonb to her at once, and as soon as I appeared to hor she kindly materialised me, and I want to stay so. I wanb to stay materialised, beeauso, don't you soe,'though it novor rains in heaven, I must Btay_with my husband and littlo ones, if I can. i. They'd miss mo so.' ' Oh, you will,' I *BaJiJ, fn some trepida tion ; ' you surely will.'u. Lob us drivo to your house, and as soon as your children kiss you, you will know thab, you aro no longer a spirit. Have you told, the driver where to go 1 Shall I V'jf. She put her band upon my arm' and drew me down, as I aroso to ondoavour to call the driver. ' Stop,' she said; .' as soon aj I cross the throshoid where my corpse is lying . I shall bo 'a horrible ghost again, and frighten them all. Don'b you Know thab? Sib down I' I Bat down. She kepb her hand on my arm. ' Listen 1' said sho {*' eroVb you hear the sounds behind us ? n Spirits coming'to carry mo to heaven. I don'b wanb to go to heaven; bub thoro is only one way to avoid ib. The spirits want a spirit to take away, and ib musb bo a yo'ung womoh's spirit. You — you areaboub my age, aro you nob !' ' I supposo.so,''said L* ' Yes,' eaid. eh o ; ? ' and ' have yon K hus band.' A'~ 'lama widow,' said 1. 'Good,' said she. -;;'' How lucky thab is ! You'll want to go to '-heaven because, your husband is there ;' I'|' wanb to stay, because mine in here. Como.'rfy I'll send your spirit with them — you'll Kb me; won'tyou 1' I'had grown very cold, and felt that I waa trembling very muoli',cbut I found power to. ask her what seemed to mysolf'then to be a very important question. 'How would your do it? It depends ft littlo on that ? ' i '' Oh,' said she,' as lovnow, there is just one way. I must)- cutt your throat — bub I have a very sharp razor, and it won't hurt at all. It's, much the best for us both, you see, my. husband- being hero,, yours there. And those apirits, with their whito wings and cold hands will never know.' She drew a razor from her pockeb as she spoke and otaened ib. -?*- I made one dash for tho doer — which I should have made sooner had I guessed ab 'the .hidden weapon, you may bo certain— bub as I did so her face changed, her eyes flashed furiously, and she clutched me by the throat. I gave a wild scream, the carriago 'stopped, and I heard amidst my terror the voices of two men shouting something close beside us, Then bhe woman was sbr.uggling in a policeman's arms, and a gentleman held the razor in his handa and . folded ib away in its I sheath. . Thore was anothor carriage besides ours, and these two men had sprung from ib. 'Madam, I hope you are unharmod ?' said tho gontleman, Speaking wibh a slight foreign accent. ' Yes, I am thankful to say I am,' said I, ' You know what ib all moans ?' said he. ' Ib wna a fine mind thab illnoss warped so terribly. She hits been ill, and-nlio believes horsolf now a fipirit. Ib is a delusion of hers that if she can send a spirit to heaven she may remain hero herself. My poor Isadora ! Forgive us tho terror you have folt. We thought her well-watched, but she escaped us. I beliove tlmt dwelling too much on spiritualism .has caused alltliis.' Then ho bowed, and followed his wife into bhe other curriago, and I eaw hor clinging bo him as they drovo away.— -Homeland. 