"FAIRY QUEEJnI." OR, Love Will Find the Way. CHAPTES XVI. " ONCE MOBE THE BOSE OF HAPPINESS WAS WITHERED." " Life's rose .of sweetness Now withers in its pride, Hope's bright completeness Clouds of sorrow hide." It was Irene Leslie who pushed tfce door open in 6uch a rnde manner, startling Qaeenie as she stood dressed in her bridal robes, and her reasons foT so doing were known only to herself Her wicked, revengeful spirit could not contain itself, so eager was she to witness th<î disgrace and exposure of her beautiful rival, and patience was an unknown word to her. " How you startled Me. Irene !" the yonng girl said, in a trembling voice, " her heart throbbine wildly. " 1—I did not know what had happened." Alas 1 poor Qneenie ! For the first time she had betrayed herself, and into the black eyes watching her there flashed a gleam of triumph, and with a sneering laugh she said, meaningly : "Why, what did you suppose had happened ? Surely TOU do not expect anything unpleasant to happen on your wedding-day ? With such an indulgent father and a de- Toted lover, life holds nothing but sweetness for yon." -Queenie shuddered as she listened to the mocking words, for there was a menace in that voi-.e that she had not heard before, at>d a chill- struck to her heart, but why, she could not say. She was about to answer her bat just at that moment the half-dozen bridpsmaids, all young girls about Queenie's age, came flattering into the room like a flock of gayplumaged birds, and she knew then that in aj few moments she would stand beside her lover," and listen to the solemn words that made them one forever. Word came to her that the bridegroom was waiting for her, and with a throb of joy at her heart she went ont into the great, flower-decked hall to join him. Yes, there he was, handsome and impatient, his dear face wearing an anxious expression, which gave place to a happy smile when his eyes rested upon the vision of loveliness half hidden by the misty veil, and he started forward, his lips trembling with the words of love that burned them. She was conscious of placing her hand npon his arm, of hearing the low, sweet strain of the wedding-march, and to the hour of her death she remembered the perfume of the orange-blossoms that she wore. Ah 1 what raptere, what heavenly happiness it must be when a bride stands at the altar with the one to whom she has given her pore love, knowing that henceforth their lives are as one. No more donbtsyno more fears. Never again while l.fe lasts can the eame holy feelings fill her heart. Never again 6tiail she live for herself alone, for no» her idol is her life, her all. Those were some of the sabred thoughts that filled Queenie's mind as she stood there, her hand claBped within her lover's, listening to the words spoken by the man of God Once she raised her eyes, and her glance fell npon the proud atd haughty face of Harry's mother, the «ne who had driven her awav with bitter falsehood, and she half smiled, wondering what she would say if she were to know that the girl whose face was a! most hidden by the folds of the bridal-veil, was that of the penniless girl she had scorned. Oh. the scent of orange-blossoms, the low throb of the orchestra concealed behind a grove ot tall palms and feathery ferns ! Never could she forget them. And as she felt the warm clasp of her beloved's fingers, a thrill of delight went through her. But what was the meaning of that wild commotion at the end of the long room. Who was that talL dark-faced woman that ghe dared force her way into that gathering? of beauty an* brilliancy and disturb the sacred silence that brooded over all, broken only by the words of the marriage service 1 Who was she that she was bold enough to pause before the young pair and cry oat in a clear, ringing voice : " Stop ! 1 forbid this marriage to go on !" If a thunderbolt had fallen in the midst of that bejewelled throng they would not have been one half so amazed as they were at sight of that tall, sombre-robed woman, whose dark, evil face gleamed with revenge' ful satisfaction. People stared into each other's faces, too thoroughly SHrprised and astounded to speak ; the white-haired old minister paused in the middle of the ceremony, and loofced first from one to the other in wonder and dismay. The pretty bridesmaids gasped in chorus, and the lovely face of the bride beneath her veil bad grown ashen white, fer she knew that her day of hai pinefis was at an end. She was the only one as yet who had obtained a good, square look at the intruder, and the bridegroom, a frown black as midnight darkening his brow, cried out : " The woman is a raving maniac ! Le someone arrest her, for she has surely escaped from some asylum !" A burst of mocking lanehter rang through the crowded room and stepping forward so that she stood facing him, she removed h*T V>nnet and long, flowing black veil, and cried in triumph : " Now do yon know me. Harry Holley ?" He staggered hack, his face grew deathly pale, and he fettered hoarsely : " Madame Vayne ! You here? What in Heaven's name do you mean? woman, and tell me what brings you here on this, my wedding day ?"' "1 am here to tell you and the others whom »he has deceived and been a livina lie to, that the girl you stand beside is a*, im postorand not Lucile Leslie, the heiress 1' she answered in a loud, clear voice that could be heard throughout the room. " Woman, you lie 1" These three words cut the air like a sharp flash of lightning that rends asunder the inky sky before a tempest of wind and rain. They came from the lips of Colonel Leslie, and with one swift stride he was at Madame Vayne'8 side, his eyes flashing, his breast heaving in anger. He had just reached forth one hand to grasp her by the arm, when she turned suddenly and faced him. " You, ! ' he gasped hoarsely. " You !" Oh, what a change had come over him ! Twenty years seemed to have beén added to his age since he looked into hrr face. His cheeks were drawn and sunken, his eyes . staring in horror as if he had suddenly be held a ghost. His hands shook and shivered like an old fçeble man's, and he did not look like the handsome, distinguished Colonel Leslie, always so calm and self- composed. Madame Vayne faced him, cool and defiant. Her thin lips were curled in a mocking smile, and an ngly sneer distorted her once handsome features. " Yes, Colonel Leslie, it is I !" and folding her arms across her breast she stooj waiting for him to speak. "My God!" groaned the stricken man, forgetful alike of the wondering throng around him, watching him with carious eyes, and the young girl whose white, set face of agony the angels must pity. " What are you doing here ?" " I am here to tell you in time that the scheming girl you believe to be your daughter is not your child, but a poor and nameless orphan that I cared for and gave a home to for years 1 Her rightful name is Queenie Meredith. Your own child was drowned whjte talking with this schemer npon the decfc of the doomed boat on which they both were passengers, and this girl took her'place. I know, fer I was on board that eame steamer, and I witnessed it alL Ask her, and "see if she dares deny it !" A groan of more than mortal agony burst from Colonel Leslie's lips, and he staggered and wonld have fallen had not Harry Holley caught him and steadied him while lie cried : " Be calm, Colonel Leslie, I beg of you. There is some fatal mistake. Let Lucile epeak for herself !" And turning to the girl he said im ploringly : "Lucile, my darling, speak, for mercjns sake,- speak at once and tell your father that it is false ! Tell him. that it is all a fearful mistake, dearest, for this suspense is driving ; as both mad ! Darling, speak to me, and ' mil belipre yon «gainst the whole world !" To the .last hourofher life Queenieûever forgot the pleading and entreaty in bis dear, dark eyes, and, oh, how she loved him at that moment when he said that he wonld believe her against the whole world 1 How hard it was for her to stand before him, and, gazing into his beloved face, utter the words that she knew would separate them for ever. But not for a single moment did she falter. It never occurred to her to speak a falsehood, although he would have believed her, as he said, against the world. " Why are you silent, dearest ?" he implored, his face white and set. " Oh, Lucile, my darling one, speak and tell me it is false !" " It is too true, Hairy," she said simply, and the ring of patience and submission'in her sweet voice touched the hearts of all present. " It is true that I am not Lucile Leslie. Madame Vayne speaks the truth." A gasp of horror ran through that vast assembly, and with a groan the fond lover reeled, and then staggered backward, covering his face with both hands. It was then that Colonel Leslie remembered that he was not alone, and, raising his haggard face with its bloodshot eyes, hé said in a hoarse, unnatural voice : " Friends, a deep trouble has fallen upon me, and I trust you will pardon me if I ask you to leave me alone. You see that this wedding cannot go on." No cne uttered a word, but one by one the guests ail slipped away until only those who were concerned in the sorrowful tragedy remained. The stricken young lover remained, with his face hidden in his haDds until his mother started forward, and, laying one hand upon his arm, said harshly : " Gome with me, Harry. Surely, you do not wish to remain longer in the same room with that base creature !" " Hush, mother !" he cried, casting a look of love and grief npon the beautiful girl who stood pale but calm before her accuser, " hutth, mother, for I love her !" k " Madam !"—it was Colonel Leslie's voice, stern and severe, that spoke—" madam, be kind enough to remember that this young girl, although she may bave 6inned, is beneath my roof and under my protection while she is here." How Queenie's heart thrilled when she heard Harry Holley say that he loved her, and then in the next moment Bhe knew that it wai useless for she could never hope to be anything to him now. The moon had arisen, and its pallid beams creeping in at the window where she was standing threw long, slanting rays of light across her lovely face, and, as she witnessed its glory, she whispered sadly to herself : Once more the rose of happiness has withered as my hands were about to plnck —once more my star of hope has set for ever behind the cloudB of sorrow." Alas ! poor Qaeenie. It was too true. CHAPTER XVII. FABEWELL FOBEVEB ! I GO OUT OF TOUR LIFE." 1 My soul nor deigns nor dares complain, Though grief and passion there rebel ; I only know we love 1 in vaiD, 1 only feel—farewell, farewell !" The silvery rays of moonlight never shone upon a sadder group than that gathered in the long, flower-scented drawing-room which only a few moments before "had been the scene of so much beauty and brightness. Surely the angels up in Heaven must have pitied poor, heart-sick little Queen if, who had suffered enough. And yet, God help her, the worst has yet to come. With a groan of anguish Colonel Leslie stepped forward, and laying one hand heavily upon the fair, round arm, said hoarsely : " Lucile—for I mast call you by that name until I hear from your own lips that you have no right to it—Lucile, my child, tell me, are you indeed Qaeenie Meredith as this —this woman declares you to be ?" She raised her beautiful, clear eyes to his face, and, without the faintest suspicion of a tremor in her voice, answered : Papa, forgive me, it is trae. I am iisdeed hapless Queenie Meredith, and I have no right to the name you have given me " " My God 1 to think that you are capable of deceit and treachery 1" he gasped, his voice hoarse with the bitterest agony that a man ever endured. "You, whom I have loved and trusted ! You, whose face is as pure and innocent as an angel's ! Th thought that you are so unworthy will kill me !" Those words stung her to the quick, and starting eagerly forward, she cried : " Listen to me, and let me tell yon all ; in the name of sweet pity listen, and then condemn me if you will I I know I deserve it ; I know that I have sinned. But it is all over now, and I will leave it forever ; but, oh, listen to me eie you condemn me too harshly I" Her voice died away in a pitiful, sobbing cry, and she stretched out her trembling hands, that looked like snow- flakes beneath the pallid moonbeams. t But no one offered to take those poor little hands within their own, and warm them again with love and sympathy. You all believe me a base and vile schemer," she said, sorrowfully, choking back her sobs of anguish and despair. *' But you do not know—you cannot understand how it all happened, and at times I cannot realize it myself." Her pitiful cry was unheeded, and she wenton : "When I met Lucile Leslie that night aboard the ill-fated steamer, I did not even dream of such a thÏBg. I was wretched and lonely ; my heart was breaking, and I about to end all beneath the waters of the river. She saw me there alone, and she noticed the grief that I tried in vain to hide, and her tender heart longed to comfort me. She told me all about her own good fortune, and then she handed me the locket that contained her mother's picture I had just taken it into my hand when that awful crash came, and we went down, down beneath tbe cold waves—down to blackness and dark s !" When I again opened my eyes I found myself in a strange room, with many around me, but after a few moments it seemed to me as if I had always been there—in fact, it seemed like homeland you all know that it was brought about by the blow that I received npon my head When I recovered, and my mind again became perfectly clear, my life was a torture from morning until night ; and, oh. how many times the words trembled upon my lips, and I was on the point of confessing that it was a fatal mistake all the way through ! And then a small voice whispered to me that I was robbing no one, for the girl who had been so kind to me was dead, and by taking her place I was bringing more happiness than I ever could by confessing the truth. But no one knows what pangs of bitterness and remorse have filled my heart since that time. Perhaps there may come a day when some who are present may be tempted, and they may falL Ah ! how have suffered I how I have suffered !" She clasped her hand s over her bosom, her lips quivering pitutusly,' her blue eyes filled with the hot tears of sorrow and regret, and as her glance fell upon her lover's hand* some face, she held out her hands toward him, sobbing : " Harry dearest, look at me and say that yon forgive me I I have sinned, I know, but I love you so dearly that I cannot die withont your forgiveness ! Speak to me just once and say that you forgive me, for you will have it to remember in the years to come, and you will look back and be glad that you granted my pleading. Ah, you will, 'you must !" She was very close to him, and he could feel her fragrant breath fan his brow. He did not understand what she meant when she said that in the f uture he would be glad that he had been kind to her ; bat if he had, how quickly would he have folded her in his arms and kissed away her tears. Oh, for sight to look beyond the mists of the future, and there read what fate holds for us all 1 He did not take those pleading hands reached out to him, for his heart grew hard and bitter toward her for one brief, fleeting moment, and he turned coldly away. fie was very proud, and the thought tha his beautiful one conld stoop to ut tera falsehood and be a living lie cut his heart like the sharp thruBt of a knife. But later on, when the feveiieh madness had passed, he loved her better than ever, and most bitterly did he blame himself for 'his brutality. " I cannot believe it 1" he answered with a groan, turning away from the sweet pleading face. " I cannot believe that you, the one true love of my life, can be guilty of deceit and treachery. I would far rather have you fall dead in my arms at the very alter, than have to live and know that *he lips I have kis3ed so many times, dreaming that they were 'portals of truthfulness and honor, could ntter a lie 1 Oh, how could you do it ? How could you 2 Her own face had grown deathly white as she listens to the words that kill every spark of hope within her breast, and she feels as if every drop of blood in her body has gathered in one great mass of ice around her heart, freezing her life out forever. Everything grows dark before her, and in blank and mate despair she whispers to herself that she must die. "Then you will not forgive me, Harry ?" she asks piteously, and a heart of marble must have melted at the ring of agony in her e. "You will not forgive, and yet an hour ago you said that you loved me ! Oh Harry, Harry, you whom I have loved better than my own life—can yon call that true love? Can a true love be killed at a single blow ! " " I must be left alone and think ! " he muttered, in thick, muffled tones strangely unlike his usually rich, musical voice. " I must have time, for my brain seems on fire. Do not ask me to forgive you now. I may in time, but not now—not now." An expression of deepest agony swept over her lovely face—tbe hunted, wounded look of a deer who has received its death- wound— and casting one parting glance at his handsome face, she walked quietly toward the iloor, both hands crossed meekly over her bosom, whispering softly to herself : Farewell forever ! I go out of your life, and I complain not, but when forgiveness comes it will be too late ! " She paused a moment as she passed Colonel Leslie, and looked into his face as if to seek a uny spark of pity, bat the cold, stern expression she saw there checked the words that trembled upon her lips, and she left the room in silence, knowing that she would never gaze upon the faces of any one there again. Poor little Qneenie! her life was indeed a broken one ! Irene Leslie's black, evil eyes were fastened upon the slender, white-robed figure, hatred and burning revenge gleaming in their. dusky depths, and unable to control herself longer, she darted forward, hissing in the young girl's ear: So, my fair-beggar, your pretty game is blocked ! I knew yon, Queenie Meredith, from the very instant I saw you, and all your innocent airs did not deceive me! You thought that once you were Harry Holley's wife, all would be well, and he would cling to you forever in spite of the fact that you were a living lie ! But you are trapped at last, and the best thing for you to do, is to go at once to New York or some other large city, and follow up the profession for which you «re so well fitted —either an actress or an adventuress ! Her eyes were b'.azing, and the words were hissed fiercely through her set teeth. Her hot breath fanned Queenie's face like the blast from a fiery furnace. Queenie's only reply to the torrent of abuse, was a lingering look of sadness, and as she went slowly up the broad, soft stairs, down which she had floated, looking like a fairy in her bridal-robes such a short time before, she said, sadly : "I will not complain, for I deserve it all; but oh, Harry, your forgiveness will come too late ! " (To be Continued). 