Ocean Reminiscences. Lot mo xeoall a trifling inoident ot my ship-board lifo, an experience small and brief, iudeed, but vividly fresh aud of clearest and keenest outline in memory. Wo were on the Mozsmbiaae parallels, woll to the eastwards; the weather hot, tho sky cop- perish, and tho sea of a sallowiob blue, with a thick, slow flow of a swell as of the water wrb heavy and sluggish with oil; a weal; broezo of wind blew off tho port-qaartoss, with a oort of sting of heat in it, like tho bite of the sun itself ; and ths ebip under all atudding-eaila on tb&t; aide went rolling for ward in a kind of loathing way, as though alive to tho tracks with inotinot ; and I very well remember the slopping noise of ths water as it full from her bow like flinging buokctfale of liquid grouse overboard. It was about two o'clock in tha afternoon, when tbo thickness over the starboard bow died out along tho horizon tbero, and allowed the coa-lins clear to tho edgo of tho ocean, with a twisting and glancing of yol- low firos in it from the sun, as though linos of moltou brass wero slowly sinking in it. It wae than that a anil was mads out some three points on tho bow or tbareaboute, ap parently Q largo ship, showing to her courses with hor mizzon-topmast gone, and the Bptmlior-go.fi naked, with uomo colors flying at it. As wo slowly i'oho hor alio showed like a frigato upon tha wator, with her band of broken ports and hor big wing of otandiag jib ; and I hoard tha captain tell tho mate, after taking a long view of her through a tolosoopo, that he boliovod sho was such and suoh a ebip, naming a wall-known Indioman of thouo days. She vgb in distress, it wbb now gathered ; for it acemB that sho carried a brace of signal halliards at hor gaff-end, on one of which was hoisted tho English ensign, jnok down, whilo on the other- fluttorod a row of banting out of Marryatt's Code, Dignifying that there was eecious oiok ness on board. 1 oan see that chip now bb I saw hor than; her aanvas bad tha whiteness of froth touched by moonshine; she rose and foil very majestically, hor ports bristling and fading as she leaned to tbo heave of tho waters. By the aid of the glass, wbioh l furtively employed on tho mate turning his book, I could distinctly make out the white quarter-boats swinging at hor davits, ths glooms off tho glass of her large windows, the hurried shadowing of - her sails, as they swung in and ont, and the flags hovering in redo and whites and blues from the peak cad. \- The helm of our Bhip was shifted for her, aud wa got her right under our flying jibboom end. There was not onougb yawn in tho foot of the foresail to disoloeo her from the poop ; and it being now four o'alook and my turn to quit tho dook, 1 strolled for ward on to the forecastle to watch the very noble picture on the aea lino, that was ren dered significant beyond expression by her appealing colore, and by tbo mutilation of her abaft. A group of our Jaaks stood against one of the catheads, gazing too. I bad not been looking nbovo thrca minutes whon one of them oxcluimod in a hoarse voioe : " What, the blazes I Is that there muck a-drnwing up around hor, or is shea-dis solving ?" "The Flying Dutohman,' or my syss ain't mates 1" said a. second man, in anb- dued voice of mingled awe and astonish ment. " Watoh her a-dying out I Smite me, it mortial eyes ever sea the like oi that afore." My gaze was upon the ship as the men spoke ; and, sure enough, I observed her to be slowly molting out, not as tbongh a fog wero driving down upon her, but nsn rain bow dies, tho tints shining and fading and perishing. In a low momonto all was blank sea where she bad been. Thero was an expression of dismay on ovary warc-riddeu, whiskered fnoo I glancod at. Tho oaptain, the mnto, and a number of paescngors woro moving and nioppiDg liko goblins over tho brass rail at tho broak of tbo poop in search of tho amazing phantasm. It was, of coureo, a mirage; but it took all bands, from the skipper down to tho cook's mate, soma time to rcaliao it, no marvellous bad beon the illusion, so substantial to tbo vision that rolling and statoly fabric, so or- quisitcly had tho pnintod mirrowing of hor fitted the lino of the sea. With somo fanoy tbat the real objcot conld not bo far off, tha oaptain continued to head in tho direction in whioh tho mirago had shone until darknoBS oamo when the ship was brought to hor course afresh. A law days bofore wo sailed from Of1'1"'"1 wo not nnwn of thin nhantom 1 vessel, Sho had beon Boma loaguco bolow tho horizon od which her likeness was painted, signalling for aoBiotouco to another Bhip seven or eight miles distant from bar. Had the quality of tho atmospboro remained as it wca, by whioh I moan had tho mirage lin gered a while longer, no doubt wo should bava brought tho oimulaorum of tha othor vessel into view. Thus it will bo seen that ships ae well ao men havo their ghosts. _ ri'kin wnnnllo in mn nyinflini xnnirfnnt. belonging, howavor, to no oxpericnoas of my own. It was tha cbiof mato of this same ship from whoso deok wo sighted tho mirogo who told mo tho Btory. Ho was third mato of a very bandsomo clipper barquo, boand to a New Zealand port. Tho oaptain of hor was a tall, austere man, with a grizzly beard, end an oyo of tho dead blaokness of unpolished jet. Instead of speaking of him aa the " old man," his sailors called him "the monk." Ha was exceedingly reserved, said little or nothing at tablo or on dock ontoido suoh in structions as ho had to give; yot, apita of bis monastio or collegiate looks, whioh might bavo quulified bim to adorn a pulpit rather than a merchantman's quartor-deoli, ha was an excellent sailor, and a man of oonoidornblo refinement of opocub, Nothing pnrtioular oooarrod until tho little barque was drawing an to tbo eqnator, when it was observed that tho captain grew rout ines. Ho seemed unablo to sleep ; through out tbo night-watohas he was inaaouantly arriving on deok, end for a whole half-hour at a timo ha would stand right in front of tho binnaolo, obscuring it to tbo sight of tha man at the wheel, and keeping bis oyo fixed upon the card with tbo lifeless air of & parson acting in his sloop. At noon ono day tbo lati- tndo was found to bo about six miles north. There was a pleaoant broeze blowing off tho port beam, and tho alippar kool was mado by tho log to bo sliding through it at some noven miles iu tho hour. Tho captain, putting down his sextant, walked ait to tha binnaolo and stood baforo it, holding his watcb in his hand. Thero wao a light as of faver in tbo gazo be rooted upon tho dial plate. Sud denly ho aalled to tho soaond mate, who had ahnrgo : " Hands to ths port braoes. Get the yards trimmed for a westerly course. Down be low." Tbo littlo ship oamo round with; the mon rounding in upon the braoss too astonished to eing out. The aaptain walked tho dook chafing his hands and ahuohling. . "Now, sir, we have it," lis cried to the eeaond mate. "Have what, sir!" cakod tho astounded officer. "Tho equator, sir," roarod tho oaptain. "Tha equator?" cried the mate, looking round bim. " Yob, sir, truo aa a hair by tho magnolia bearings — a furs aud a aft line, sir, Keep to that coarse, d'yo hoar. Not an inah off to port or otarboard, or quiokor than yon can cay Jnok Robinson I'll blow your brains out I" Tho acoond mato, glancing through the skylight, obcorvod tho abiof officer in tho oabin. and with a alight motion of his bond summoned him on deck. The man arrived, with a fnco ol wonder, Gazing aloft and around, and not a littlo amazed to And tho ship bound to tha eastern AmeriOAt -SM- -feoatSiMieaioMSow Zetland, "This la to be an achievement, sir," shouted the captain to him, " that'll bank me foremost amongst the most famous men this century has produced." The mato viewed him with a stupid look ofinterrogntion. "Sir," orisd the captain, approaching him with an expression of costnoy on his singu lar countenance, " the kool of this barque will bo tho first tbat evor ploughed tbo line of tho equator without a hair-breadth of de viation for 1000 miles at least ; and mark you this," he cried, drawing himself erect, and extending his clonobcd tint at the mate, " if I catch tho vooaol'o head off her aourse by tho smallost fraation of a point, I will blow out tho brains of tho man who has obargo of the dock at the timo." Ho olappod his breast that the two mon might guess what ho conconled there, and, picking up bio sextant, stalked bolow. The unfortunate oreaturo wont entirely out of hit mind that night, and they had to pinion him to prevont him from destroying himself, or dealing death to tha ship by firing bar. Eo diod within ths vrcok, raving mad, not a little to tho' relief of the mates, who aonld do nothing for him boyond Boeing him oarctally watched. 