MR. WALTER BENTLEY AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. THE BELLS. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, Mr. Walter Bentley p7 ed The Bells before a good housojinj^iii/ t}j»u}ht, the dress circle, as well *Ss*~ujrnri,Mr-.paila of the theatre, being again well patented. It was the first performance In Hobart of this noted psychological drama, which has adaptation by Laroohcllo of the alorfja¿L¿ Juif Polonaise, by Krckmunn ( h.t'^MQ^. It was first dramatised for representation at the Theatre Cluny, in Paris, in 1889, and two years later Mr. Leopold Len is prepared an Knvliali version, which had a run of 161 nights at the Lyceum Theatre, in London, Mr. Henry Irving making one of the greatest hits during his long-eared as Mathias, The play was exceedingly well mounted at the Theatre Roydon Saturday evening, and Mr. Bentley, in parts, displayed remarkable eventuated power as the rcmorsc-strickou and haunted Mathias, the murderer, who is driven to distraction by continually hearing the bells of the, Polish Jews sleigh on the 10th anniversary, of the murder. The KI latest interest is supposed to be centred in the third act, where Mathias dreams of being tried for his life for the murder, and is unwillingly subjected to the operations of a mesmerist, under whose spell he re-enacts the whole murder in a court of justice, and is upon such evidence condemned to death, a thing which it will be remembered really happened in America . short time ago, hypnotised being the medium. Psychology is now drugged into novels and plays, and The Bells is supposed to be a psychological study. The portrayal was weird and unnatural, just as one might sup- pose a dream would be especially with the Judge and the mesmerist speaking in the measured sentence and sepulchral tones of the ghost in Hamlet amid the reflected light from the wings, till the keene was intensely dramatic, Mr. Bentley again displaying to great advantage his undoubted talent in enacting intensely dramatic parts. Helmet with a warm reception upon being called before the curtain after the last act, Miss Vivienne was a mild, amiable Annett , Christian'syíniici-'e, and only daughter of the unhappy burgomasters Mr. Roberts played the part of the young French quartermaster. Christian Beirne, somewhat stiffly ; the Father Hans of Mr. Lachlan McGowan was excellent. The remainder of the east consisted of small parts, almost the entire interest being centred in the tragic events with which Mathias is identified. The night's performance concluded with the farce entitled A Day After the Wedding, which was very laughable pi lysol. At the conclusion of Mr. Walter Bentley's performance of The Bells the Hon. Henry Dobson (the Premier) and the Hon. Joh i Henry (the Colonial Treasurer) paid the genial actor a visit in his dressing-room, when, after heartily complimenting him on his enactment of Mathias, a pleasant quarter of an hour was spent in agiooableconvem tion. 