ITEMS OF INTEREST. rOBIGINAL AND SELECTED ] The late Melbourne Cup meeting produced a rare harvest for the bookmakers. They ?cooped a very big pool-Bome say a quarter a million of money. We are inclined to think this is »slight exaggeration. They no doubt, hauled in the shekels, but not to this extent. A Btory ia told by a Melbourne ex- change regarding a transaction with «orne bookmaker. It seem» that two University ewella "took £100 to £10 on a certain flutter from a ' balancing* bookie who actually didn't happen to hold a hundred shillings. The punters seemed to know a trifle after all, for they stuck close to the penciller and hu clerk until the flag fell. They had backed Newman and to the awful consternation of the layer, Newman was soon seen out by himself in the middle of the course and going grandly. He led the field past where the " bookie" and the punters stood but something carrying crimson came along on the inside with a terrible rush, and so desperate was the finish that no one knew who had got home until the judge's decision went up. It waa then dis covered that Newman had lost by a bare halE-head, and as the Collegians linked arm» and walked off one Baid to the other, ' Never mind, old boy ; we have had a rear run for our money.' ' VeB,* Boliloquiged the bookie, as he watched them going, ' but by thunder it's nothing to the rnn you would have had for your money if Newman had been first instead of second." It ia a notable fact, Bays an English paper, that not only can Queen Victoria swim, but so also can all her daughters. The Princess of Wales, all her three daughters and the Princess May, are alio swimmers. In fact, all the Princesses Boyal are good swimmers, and love the arfe in a greater or less degree. PerhapB the greatest of all lady swimmers is the Empress of Austria, who at one time levelled in all manner of clever natatory tricks. Although swimming among women is practically unknown in lazy Spain, the present Queen Regent can do all manner of feats in the water. The premises occupied by Angiolo Giuffra as a fruit and refreshment shop at the corner of Pitt and Gipps streets, were burglariously entered for the fourth time on Thursday night. A quantity of tobacco, etc., wbb stolen. A young man named Frederick M'Kone, who was arrested at the funeral of the late Alderman Playfair, on a charge of having picked a woman's pocket of a parse with a few pence and a tram ticket in it, was, at the Water Police Court, remanded until to-day. The Rev. John Thomas Evans, M.A., hat been appointed to be honorary Church of England chaplain to the military forces of the colony. ' A Launceston wire states that the totalisa tor prosecutions in the police court proved to be abortive, no penalties being provided by the Act, and the informations disclosed no punishable offence. Sydney sneak thieves have adopted new methods preparatory to doing their work. They have in more than one case got hold of a child, whom they have made describe the house in which hi« parents live, and then a night or two after they make their un announced and unwelcome visit. Practical jokes are amusing when they " come off." One that occurred in a Gipps land railway train a little time ago has not, I faney been printed. A party of city men were travelling to Sale, and one of them having his railway ticket partly exposed in his vest pocket the practical joker of the party quietly appropriated it. As they approached Sale station he said, " They are awfully particular about tickets here, boys ; get your pastboard ready." Of course the victim had no pasteboard, so with some difficulty they persuaded him to get under the seat, and they would sit close together and shield him. When tickets were being collected the joker said, " Here, station master, is a ticket for the other gentleman." What other genleman ?" " This one under the Beat," was the reply j " he always rides there ; he thinks it the most comfortable way." The man under the seat saw the joke -the stationmaBter didn't. On the return journey the joker went to the stationmaster and «aid, .? You remember that young fellow hiding under the seat yetterday. Well, he's a first-rate fellow in all other respects, but has a mania for trying to defraud the Railway department. He never will get a ticket, and one of his friends has always to buy it and get even by borrow- ing the sum from him afterwards. We're trying to break him of it, as you saw yester- day. Now, we've taken a ticket for him as usual, but we want you to come just before the train starts and demand his ticket." " Right," said the official, laughing in antici- pation. But when, a little later, with a severely official air, he demanded, " Tickets, please," and the man with a mania produced his as promptly aa the rest, the passengers laughed, but not the stationmaster. He saw the joke that time. An individual known as " Tommy Dodd," _ who poses as a political agitator and friend 'of labour, knows Mr. Andy Kelly very well, and whilst in the strangers' gallery of the House a few evenings since he took occasion to remark in no modulated tone that the member for Weßt Sydney was a liar. The members present nearly turned inside cut with horror and indignation, and Mr. Dodd wa« pounced upon by thB Sergeant-atArms, who under instructions from the Speaker lodged the offender in an adjoining room. Then Mr. Kelly, who evidently knows the eccentric Tommy, said some very unhealthy things about him, and finally he wa« released and ordered off the premises. But Nemesis was on Dodd's track, for on Friday he was fined in Sydney upon another charge of in- sulting language. William Robert Merrv has issued a writ claiming £4M against the Victorian Board' of Land and Works, alleged to be due under a decree of the Privy Council of 1866. The case arises out of litigation respecting the construction of the Geelong railway, for which Merry was the contractor. It is said that the " finest Danish" butter thatissent to Great Britain is made from cream in which is a ferment made from steril- ised skim-milk prepared fresh every day. The American Cultivator wonders if any of the «everal thousand barrels of oleo oil sent there frem that country ia, uned in "sterilising" that skim-milk. The good qualities claimed for Danish butter are uniformity in flavour and colour, and all being salted alike. The manufacturers of oleomargarine in America make the Mme claims for their product, Mr. Gough,ML.A.,proposesthotmembers of Parliament should be practical in regard to the unemployed and each, subscribe £1 per week toward their relief. Mr. Ewing, M.P., lately visited the Pitt Town labour colony, and subsequently described in letters to the papers what he saw. The place was painted in the most gloomy colours : the land was said to be barren, the industry of the occupiers indifferent, and the general outlook hopeless. Now a Mr. Francis Myers has a look round the place and can scarcely find words to picture the beauty, the suitableness, and the prospects of what he found. It was simply an Eden, and it is apparent that either Myer* or Ewing is what Tommy Dodd called Andy Kelly. A scene at a court-house in Burmah : " Have the witnesses for the defence come ?" " Yes, sir, but they have gone to see the pony race." "Oh! are there any petitioners?" " No, sir, they have gone to the pony race." " Well, the Court may as well go and see the pony race too." " The prisoner applies for bail, sir. He wishes to see the pony race." " All right ; 100 rupees." The pumps of one of the steamers recently arrived in Melbourne from China has been found to be choked with tobacco leaf from smuggled cigars. This was caused Dy a cyclone which saturated the smuggled goods. Mr. N. Melville, M.P., has officially com- municated with the Minister of Instruction to ask him to instruct teachers in Public Schools in the connty of Northumberland not to enforce payment of fees in consequence of the distress in the district. The Minister has promised to see that no hardship arises through the enforcement of the fees from j families so situated. It is rumoured that an Adelaide syndicate are considering the advisability of establish- ing silver-smelting works at Newcastle. The export of coal from Newcastle to foreign and intercolonial ports for the week ending Friday, the 17th instant, was diatri tributed as follows :-Victoria, 4050 tons ; New Caledonia, 994 tons ; Chili, 1812 tons ; United States, 4279 tons ; Tasmania, 1145 tons; New Zealand, 2691 tons; Queensland, 374 tons ; total, 15,345 tons. The arrivals of wool at the Newcastle sheds to date of this season amount to 45,313 bales, whilst those for the r ^responding period of last season amounted to 32,152 bales. The figure« show an inórese in favour of che pre- sent season of 12,161 bales. It is a common occurrence for children to get beans, grains of corn, and other foreign substances up their noses. This simple remedy is worth remembering Get the child to open its mouth, apply your mouth over it and blow hard. The offending substance will be expelled from its mouth. One of the ottroctions at the World's Pair, Chicago, was an immense hog, standing 5ft. high, measuring 3ft. across the shoulders, and 8ft. from the tip of his snout to his tail. His weight is not stated. Wools scoured with water from the artesian wells in the Bourke district have been offered at the Sydney sales during the month (says the Bural Australian). They looked and sold well. The water, with its other good qualities, is right for washing. A new departure has been made at the Westbourne Boiling Down Works, near Bar- caldine, in the tinning of tongues (says the BocMampton Bulletin of 8th instant). Hitherto the manufacture of tallow has been almost the only work engaged on there, but now sheep tongues will be prepared and tinned for market in the usual way. The tins will be sent down to Rockhampton by rail, and cased in town ready for shipment. It is expected work will be brisk at Westbourne for some time, though it has been by no means dull this year, 195,761 sheep having been boiled down there between the 6th of March and the 3rd of August of the present year. It is said of a Frenchman who visited Eng- land some years ago, that the only phrases of I the local vernacular he knew were roast beef, plum pudding, and God d--n. It may be reasonably supposed that he learned the cuss words first. The knowledge of Eoglish pos- sessed by the leading members of the Italian Opera Company, now performing in Sydney, is even less than this. For example, the vocabulary of one of these persons is eonfiaed to the words " Beer, me;" and another knows only one word, and it is "lager." These words are used at public house bars, and are well understood. What is the inference con- cerning foreigners who believe that these are the most important words in our language ? Heartrending to the teetotallers must be the I fact here mentioned. Possibly they will con- clude that the Italian artists who have learned only the words which represent favourite alcoholic beverages are persons of loose morals ; but if they do, they will be mistaken. Tie persons alluded to practice moderation in their drink. Mr. Pat Maloney is a well-known Mel- bourne sportsman and an alleged wit. His latest toast on Home Bule is " May the harp of Erin never want a Btring aa long as there is a gut in au Orangeman." The Bail way Commissioners have placed before the Government a statement of their views upon the question of narrow-gauge railways. They state that as New South Wales has practically over 2500 miles of the universal gauge open or under construction, the introduction of a break of gauge within the colony could only be looked upon as a national calamity. At a meeting of the members of the Labour Party, motions were carried regretting the antagonistic tone adopted towards it at the late labour conference, declaring that it reserves to itself the right of devising its own measures within the walls of Parliament, and refusing to be trammelled as to what shall be said or left unsaid at elections. On Friday Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co., the local representatives of Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co., entertained the members of the Ministry and between 50 and 60 ladies and gentlemen at luncheon oo board the steamer Arawa, which has been chartered to replace the Miowera in the Canadian Australian line. Mr. Burns said that the prospects of the line were decidedly assured, and within a few months they expected to have full cargoes both ways. A slight gold rush has taken place two miles east of the township of Adelong. Twenty-five men are at work, and six parties are on gold, which is sbotty. On Friday the Customs receipts amounted to £6749. Towards this the 10 per cent ad valorem duty contributed £703 and the 15 per cent. £111. Herbert GlaiBon, sentenced to be executed at Bathurst on Wednesday week for the Carcoar murders, is said to be reconciled to his fftte. Snakes are very numerous in the Coonamble district this year, and a number of horse» have died from their bites. The imports of Victoria for the nine months ended September 30 «ere valuedat £9,083,950, as against exports valued at £7,793 981. For October, theimports were valuedat£l,754,184 being £452,474 more than the export». A deputation, introduced by Mr. F. T( Forayth, president of the Master Tanners' Association, representing the tanners, har neBB-makers, saddlers, and boot manufac- turers, waited upon the Under-Secretory for MinBB and Agriculture (in the absence of the Minister) on Friday, to urge upon him the desirability of altering the existing Branding Act. It was stated that, under the present system, hides are considerably reduced in value owing to the immense amount of brand- ing, the total loss representing £200,000 per annum. No other country brands to such an extent. In America and England only one letter is ueed, and that on the least valuable portion of the hide, such as the shoulder or the head. The same practice, it was urged, should be followed here, especially as the runs were now fenced, and there was no cattle doffing. Therefore, there was no need for large brands and many letters. It was pointed out that the colony should rpquest the co- operation of Queensland, as 60 per cent, of the cattle sold at Homebush came from th*re. Mr. Wood, the Under-Secretary for Mines, in reply, said that it would be of very little use to introduce Iegi«lation unless the concurrence of the other colonies could be obtained, because 60 per cent, of the hide» came from Queensland. He would place | the facts before the Minister, and see if a i conference could not be arranged between | some of the officers of the Stock Departments in other colonies and the officers of this de- partment for some uniform "legislation to reduce the evil. What might have been a serious accident was averted in Glebe-road, on Friday, by the preaence of mind displayed by a plucky woman. The lady in question-Miss Single, ) a reaident of Penrith, but at present living at Toxteth-road, Glebe Point-was proceeding to town in a cab driven by a man named Terence M'Govern. When in the vicinity of Pyrmont Bridge-road, one of the wheels of the vehicle was wrenched off through coming in contact with a projecting portion of the tramline. The sudden shock threw the driver from his seat. The horse took fright, and daihed on to the footway. With much cool- ness, Miss Single grasped the reins, and succeeded in checking the progress of the runaway, not, however, in time to prevent herself being thrown violently on to the road- way, consequent with the cab colliding with the kerb. Fortunately, however, she escaped iojury. Tbe driver was also uninjured, save for a few slight scratches. There are 36 cases of leprosy at the Little Bay Hospital, nine or ten of the patients be- ing Europeans. The death is announced of Prince Alexander of Battenberg, the son of Prince Alexan- der of Battenberg (Hesse), who died 15th December, 1888, was born in 1857. Prince Alexander served with the Russian army dur- ing the war with Turkey. He was elected hereditary Prinee of Bulgaria by the As- sembly of Notables at Tirnova on 29th April, 1879 ; and by a vote of the Grand National Assembly on 13th July, 1881, he was invested with extraordinary legislative powers for seven years. By consenting to the union of the two Bulgarias, he incurred the jealousy and' displeasure) of the Czar of Russia, who struck his name off the Russian army list;. The position of the Prince continued exceed- ingly difficult until on Friday, the 20th August, 1886, part of his army, influenced by Russian intrigue, revolted and forced him to sign his abdication. He was taken prisoner and carried down the Danube to Russian territory, but the outburst of popular indig- nation in Bulgaria secured his liberation, and he returned a few dayB later to his country, meeting with an enthusiastic reception. Tbe Prince, however, decided that he could not make headway against his Russian enemies, and he formally abdicated. He was succeeded by Prince Ferdinand of Coburg, Prince Alexander's engagement to the Princess Victoria of Germany caused much excitement in 1888, and the match, being opposed by the Czar, waa broken off. On 11th January, 1889, the Prince took the name of Comte de Hartenau, and in the month following married the Ft&ulein; Amalia Loiainger, a celebrated actress, and retired to bis estate at Gratz, in Styria. A number of groups have been formed, or are in process of formation, under the provi- sions of the Co-operative Communities Land Settlement Act, paised last session. One called the Mizpah group his now come to terms with the Government, who will advance £420 nnd set aaide 4000 acres of land for settlement. The group numbers 35 members, Surely there are more things in Heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philos- ophy. Mr. John Grant, a well-known reaident of Quirindi, haB four brothers, three of whom were born on the 27th of March, whilst the fourth came into the world on the 27th February, in different years, of course. Mr. Grant is a Canadian, and it ii evident that the Canadians possess many of the characteriBtics and attributes of their neighbours, the Tankees, O a Thursday Mrs. Shrader, a boarding house-keeper residing in Beach-street, Port Melbourne, visited the local police station in an excited condition and reported that she had been aaBaulted by two Beamen belonging to the navy. She stated that she had occa- sion to leave her premises for a few minuteB at half-paBt 11 o'clock, and whilst she was away the two men gained admittance to her house, and when she returned she found them inside. Another man, Alexander Robb, an A.B. on board the Orlando, wbb also in the house wbeD she went out, and was still there whee she returned. The two last-comers, who were afterwards identified by com- plainant, then asked her for beds, and as she waa taking them upstairs they criminally as- saulted her. The woman afterwards visited the Orlando in company with the police, and identified George White, a gunner on board. aa one of the men who had assaulted her. The constables then visited the Nelson and arrested a steward on board named Alfred Rollins, also a single man. When Robb, the third man, who was in the houBe, was ques- tioned as to why he did not interfere when the assault waa taking place, he stated that he heard the scuffle in the other room, but thought the men were only having a lark with the woman. Mrs, Shrader's husband is at the present time away in the country. Last week saw the deaths of three former repreaentatives of West Sydney, Messrs. J. D. Young, Playfair, and Merriman. ' The Attorney-General has declined to prosecute in the case of Mr. John Barnes Nicholson, M.P. for Illawarra, committed by the Bulli Bench ou a charge of criminal libel. Payable alluiial gold has been discovered in the river bed 14 miles south-east from Yarrowitch station. John Holmes, an nged mau, who had been working patiently in the district for nearly 12 months, struck it, and he now claims the reward, and has applied at the local Land Office for a prospecting area, HolmeB reported his find last Wednesday, secured his land, and returned at once to the scene of his rich discovery. It appears that HolmeB, his son, and two Newcastle miners have been working at this particular spot near Yarrowitch for some time, and have now turned the river and have secured a rich pocket in the bed there. The yield is from f dwt to the dish of dirt, and the gold has been traced by Mr. Holmes for eight miles. The gold, which was shown to Mr. Stafford, the land agent, was beautiful, flaky, and heavy The banks are said to carry gold as well as the river bed and country adjoining, io the field will give employment to a large number of men. Mrs Featherstone, wife of Dr. Feather- stone, of Prahran, was walking down Collins street Melbourne in the daytime when a man snatched her gold watch and chain and made off. A Collingwood constable who backed Tar- coola for the Cup with John and Joseph Wren, who were fined for gaming, and con- victed partly on his evidence, attended the shop on Saturday and received his dividend. Five hundred tons of butter were shipped from Melbourne for London yesterday. It is apprehended that towards the end of the season the London market may be glutted. As was indicated by the notice of motion given in the Assembly on Friday by Mr. Barton, it is the intention of the Government to introduce during the present session a bill to amend the new Electoral Act. The Act provides that the revision of the new electoral rolls shall take place by December 23, and that the completion of the rolls must be made before January 13, but it had been found that it will be impossible to finish the work within the specified time. It is therefore proposed by the Government to extend the time for another month. Alterations will likewise be made in connection with the times at which the revision courts are to meet, and it is probable that a change will also be made in the method of distributing the electors' rights so that they can be sent out by the police instead of, as the Act provides, through the post. The Government have under their consideration the question of providing in the proposed amending bill provision for a second ballot simi.ar to the existing law in Queensland, but no decision on this matter has yet been come to. The Cabinet will again consider the subject and to-day the Premier will inform the House as to the determination of the Ministry. It is stated that a gentleman who has re- cently returned from England has succeeded in floating a company with a capital of £50,000 for the establishment of a tweed manufactory in this colony, and that opera- tions will be commenced in about four months. It is said that the mill will give employment to 400 persons. The Governor is to leave Sydney to-night to open the new Town Hall at Narrabri. He will arrive at Narrabri at 8 o'clock the following morning. Addresses of welcome are to be presented by the Freemasons and the corporation. He is to return to Sydney on the Thursday morning. Captain Rupert Leigh, A.D.C., will accompany the Governor. A sensation ha« been caused at Montreal by the contents of the will of the late Mr. Chauleloup, the wealthy brass-founder, nearly the] whole of his large fortune being left to his employés, who are to continue the business as a joint-stock company. The amount of the bequest is estimated at £200,000. The ghosts at Hampton Court Palace are said still to frighten the inhabitants and officials of the place ; and even visitors, it is declared, are not exempt, several of them having ter- minated their visits abruptly owing to the noises they have heard. A resident in the palace sends to the Daily Graphic an account of an apparition seen by an attendant in the gardens, who was sitting on a bench waiting for the inspector to paes on his rounds at night, when suddenly he felt a hand laid upon his face, and, looking up, saw a tall pale lady, dressed in grey. He sprang up at once, but she vanished before his eyes, and the shock caused by the apparition was so great that he had to resign his post. He became bo nervouB that he was absolutely afraid to remain in the gardens at night, Nor are the ghosts confined to the gardens ; for a few nights ago two of the maid-servants, fancying they smelt something burning, went down one of the staircases in the middle of the night and met a tall pale lady with " a reflected light on her face," and dressed in black. She, too, vanished through one of the Queen's gates, though the door itself was shut, and no footsteps could be heard. Other servants in the palace have been visited by these royal ghosts. One servant declares that she felt something come and touch her face in the dark when she waa aBleep in bed, and an- other maid sleeping in the next room called out to her to " leave off walking about her room," as she heard footsteps moving about. Several visitors to the palace have noticed extraordinary noises in a particular room, and only a few months ago two ladies were stand- ing talking near this room at about half-past 11 one night, when they heard a loud crash and saw a brilliant light flash through the room, a sight which they could not account for in_ any way. The Graphic's informant is positive that no practical joker is the author of the disturbances, as has been sug- gested in some quarters. Anne Boleyn and Jane Seymour are said to be the disturbed spirits, and it is facetiouBly proposed that Mr. J. A. Fronde should interview them, and clear up some doubtful points in the domestic history of Henry VIII. An envelope which was poBted in Tamworth on May 10,1893, to a person in King- street, Sydney, bears evidence of the extent of its travels in search of the addressee, whom we presume to have levanted. From Sydney the letter appears to have been re-directed to Chicago, and, failing to find the rightful owner there, its next destination was London, which, by the post-marka, was reached on July 8th. In September it found its way to the Euglioh Dead Letter Office, and after lying there for some time its resurrection took place, and the missive was started on its return journey to the writer in Tamworth, whoBe hands it reached on Wednesday, 15th instant, by the 'Frisco mail, after travelling half round the globe and back again. ' Comparisons have been made between the railway systems of New South Wales and Victoria by the enemies of the Victorian Railway Commiaaioners, with the object of showing, in some obscure way, that the management of the northern colony is better than that of Victoria, and that the ad minis tion in this colony is worse thao it used to be (says tbe Melbourne Age ) The fact is that the accounts of the New South Wales rail- ways are made up in such a form that it is very difficult to ascertain how the finances really stand, but on their own figures it has been shown that the railways nf this cohmy are in a better position by fully £500,000, and if financial position is the teat of management, then the Victorian railways aro better managed than the New South Wales railways are now, and consequently better than the Victorian railways used to be. This position is arrived at simply by debiting the New South Wales railways with amounts charged against the Victorian railways, or crediting the Victorian railways with moneys for which credit is taken in New South Wales. The value of the book-keeping system adopted by the New South Wales de- partment may bo estimated from the fact that the highest arithmetical authorities in each colony have failed to ascertain clearly what the New South Wales railways are doing. The Government Statistician's office in Melbourne, requiring information for the " Year Book," and unable to get it from the department itself, appealed to the New South Wales Audit Commissioners, who replied that they could not find out the essential fact how much capital invested was loan money, and how much waa revenue capital. In such a state of things it becomes obvious that the New South Wales railway finances are a flimsy weapon to resort to in attacking the management of the Victorian railways. Mr. William Hudson, the wine expert associated with Spiers and Pond, has been expressing opinions highly favourable to the colonial wine trade in England, He predicts that Australian wine is " the future wine of the world," and that when science and skill have been brought to the aid of the growers France will have to look to her laurels. He thinks it necessary to impress upon the colonial grower that the juice of the grape is not wine, and that it is necesBary to take more care in the process of fermentation and in the shipment of wine to this country. He remarks that some Australian wine 12 years of age which he tasted was equal to Chateau Lafitte or any of the expensive Continental wines, and that with proper dietillation Australian brandy would beat the best cognac out of the market. Mr. T. M. Davis, speaking in the Assembly, said he considered it a wonder that the un- employed had not attacked houses at Potts Point and helped themselves. That íb rather strange advice to come from a man who re- ceives £300 per year to make laws and to see that those already made are properly ad- ministered ! Yet he is an advocate of larceny with violence. The following is a list of the priceB of some of the goods at Coolgardie goldfield :-21b. tin beef, 2s 9d ; bread, Is ; flour, 6d ; tea, 3s ; sugar, 9d ; bacon, Is 9d ; cheese, Is 9d ; potatoes, 9d per lb, ; butter, 2a 6d ; tobacco, 6s 6d ; matches, Is ; fermented and spiritous liquors, Is a drink. Fresh beef is not avail- able at any price. It is noted that in those parta of Germany where the labourers own their own cottages and small portions of land Social Democracy makes no headway. In the island of New Britain a man must not speak to his mother-in-law. Not only ia speech forbidden to his relative, but she muat be avoided ;~and, if by any chance the lady is met, the son-in-law must hide himself or cover his face. Suicide of both parties íb the outcome if the rule is broken. A Bilk hat is the latest suggestion for pre- serving life when the ice breaks. All the drowning man need do is to hold the hat firmly by the brim with both hands and then rest his chin on the top of it. On the authority of a Newcastle engineer, an ordinary " topper" has the buoyancy of a fir plank four feet long, nine inches wide and three inches thick. The word "Dad" is purely Welsh, and ia a survival among us of the ancient British language. The beginning of the Lord's Prayer in Welsh is " Ein Dad." 