WHAT THEY DID. Managing Men. "I needn't oxplain, need I?" — with a wave of the hand — said the fair-haired girl with the turn-up nose, who had brought up tho subjoct. " Wo allskuow what managing ' mon means iu this con nection." " Oil, yos," chorused the rest of tho group of society girls who woro haying a com fortable talk in the bedroom of one of tho number. In that chorus but ono voice was unrepresented — that of au ignoramus" who hadn't oven tho excuse of being young. She confessed, witli some hesitation, that sho didn't just know the meaning of "managing" as they used it. "It's when a man wants to squeozo your hand," kindly explained ono of thorn. " Or kiss yon," addod another. "Or put his arm around you," volun teered a third, with a strong' accent of disapproval. "Thoy have to bo managed then, yon know, and if possible without hurting their feelings. You don't want a man to think you a prig, but of course you can't permit such things, and it takes a good deal of finessing." "How do you do it, Tessio ? " asked the fuir-haircd girl. "You needn't say you've never hud occasion, for didn't" I see you and — " "Daisy M'Culloch — Daisy- Smith that was — ouce gave me a wrinkle," commenced another girl. " Sho said that when a mail took hor hand iu his — " "I don't bolievo Daisy Smith evor interfered in such a case," interrupted tho fair-hnired girl decidedly. " Now that's a sharno," began several defenders, but tho fair ono with the golden locks peremptorily hushed them up, and told them to let Daisy's frieud continue her story. " Well," the interrupted narrator went on, " she said that whenever a man took her hand. sho promptly asked him if ho didn't want the other ono, too. "That knocks all the sentiment flat as a pancake,' sho said. Thoy can be spoony about ono hand, but when you offer them both iu that busiuess-liko way, thoy will simply drop the one they hold and look foolish.' It's funny, too. but sho was right. I've often tried tho plan and never found it to fail." . "I always say, 'If you're quite douo with my hand I should like it back again,' " contributed Tessio. " I tried that once," said a very young demoiselle with a slightly pensive air, " and lie told me it wasn't my hand, it was my mother's until I camo of ago, where upon I said as demurely as I could, ' Well, Charley, I feel quite certain my mother doesn't want her hand where it is now,' and ho laugiied, said, By Jove, that's so,' and — dropped it." " It doesn't do to bo too witty," said Tessie, wickedly." "Hands aron't so much," drawled a liandsomo Melbourne girl. "It's when they try to kiss you that I want to suggest an adjournment. What's your little scheme, Flora ? You always seem to koep their friendship in spite of the snub." Flora was an innocent-eyed youug per son who looked as if ' managing' tho sterner sex were au inborn art- " Oh, I fix it," the ghost of a smile hovering rouud tho ' cdrners of hor pretty mouth. " As soon as they make an attempt I draw back, look reproachful — tears in the eyes, you know, and that sort of thing — and ask them plaintively if they haven't the slightest respect for me. They, of course, earnestly assure me of their profound esteem, and somehow we slide off on othor topics, and the whole tiling blows over." Then tho question wont round tho circle : " What do you do when a man tries to kiss you ?" Each gave her " suro cure," except a girl who lounged in a sleepy- hollow chair off in a corner. Red was her hair, red her enpid's bow. of a mouth, and " coquette " was written all over hor. Sho glanced round, then said tranquilly, but half under her breath ; " Don't do anything." He had put his copper in the slot, and waited for the machine to try his weight. It failed to bump, and lie grew wroth. He put another copper in, but failed to obtain any satisfaction. Then he swore hard. Presently a man came along with a bag. He unlocked the slot and took out the coin. "Hi there," shouted the man who had not been weighed; "what's that balJy machine for." " To try your temper," said the collector, who' had witnessed tho whole affair. The last we saw of that man with the bag was as he flod down tho main street at Manly to oateli the steamer for Sydney! He was pursued by another man, who flourished a thick stick and looked desperate. t Read the story by "Verax" in the Sonday Times to-morrow. Sunday Times .£50 free competition closes January 6. Lillie Bridge Cap, Ohristmas aftornoon. A miniatnro Melbourno Cup Day, 