QUESTION BOX. [No notico whatever cau bo taken of any com munication unless the writer appends his or her name aud address, uot necessarily for publica tion.] Neii. Graham (W. Maitlaud): 1. No. 2. Yes. A.H.F. (Barriiigun) : Glad to recoivo your cliatty letter. Subscriber (Ultimo): Brockleigh carried Ost 51b in tbo race you name. E. Sheddex (Murphy's Croek, Q.) : 1.. No. 2\. Did not sturt at tbo meeting. F.B. : Yes, tbo Into Frod Leslie sang the sons you speak of iu Sydney. Sport (Regent-street) : Sydney Cup, 3min 39sec; Cuuiborliiud Stakes, Suiin S5scc. Maber (Beeracy Station): Tlinuks for good intcntious. The Old .'Un tackles tbat job. A. M' Ablet (Surry Hills) : Albatross, by Ei minater from Ejophictina U'npO, fouled, 1881. Hooan'b Ghost : 'Excossivo liftinu1' is a high-flown pbraso for liitting'tbo ball up iu tbo air. F.M.C. (Sydnoy) : W. G. Grace will bo 45 yonrs of age in July. ' Players ' aro professionals pure and simple. Cricket (Sydney): Gifton won both batting and bowling averages in the last team be wont bomu with. A.E.S. : Shamrock did not win tho raco you name. All scratcbings bayo already ap peared iu Ekpkree list. F.G. : Mr. W. E. Bakor is under 30 years of ago, and is not Of t in height. This will deoido your dispute BnBflcr.iBER : Two or three balls of aloes will do tho trick. Your Napoleon friend was wrong. Nap. is quite enough. Svhttu owned. Nordoufelilt, but sold liim to tbe N.Z. Stud Company, from whom Mr. ' Sum Hordern bought him. Cricket (Broken Hill) : A by scoring 30 not out and 20 averaged SO for the match. B scored 30 aud 20, n-hich gives un average of 25 for tho two matches. Constant Header (Iturwood) : It means ho rounded tbo fenco whiob divides tbo course proper from tho Steoplecbaso fenco. Tbo place whoro Mr. Wicks met with his acci dent. Investor: The now Post-olBco Aot of Non South Wales, under which mouoy remitted by P.O. money orders to sweep . promoters will not bo forwarded, will come into opera tion on July 1, 1893. Subscriber (Cbartors Towers) : It is almost iinposniblo to say how many cricketers thore. are iu Australia bettor all-round than Harry. Including his wicket-keeping, wo Bbouldsay there are uot many more useful pluvcra. Yarraman (Cannonbar) i Maribyrnong ran in tbe V.U.C. Derby of 180C, with 1). O'Brien up. It was won ny Seiiirull. Maribyrnoug ?was brod by Mr. H. Fisher, Victoria, uud : was proprietor of tho Maribyrnoug Stud. 6.B. : 1. Daring tbo great competition be tween tho Great Nortiioru and London aud North Western it was. Wo cannot Bay for cortaiu now. Ii. The train would attain a upccd of considerably over SO miles an hsur. E. Rogers (Sydney) : W. J. Campbin with an avcrngo of about CO runs has the batting average, and G. Williams tbo bolt bowling avorage iu tho Ivunboo team; The averages we aball endeavor to publish at an early dato. North Stdxet: Tho timo credited to His Bis in Adctaido was -ISaco for half a mile. It has uot been beaten except by Soxtant in New Zealand in i830, when be covered the distance in Wjscc. Both performances were . at 2yra old. E.L. (Toralba) : A.J.C,, £a 5s ontranco, foe, J65 as annually, puyaulo in advance, dating from January 1. Members proposed aud elected altor tho Autumn Meeting. JH 'is for the remainder of tho year. A member of Tttttorsall'M, .£3 2n. Kosehill K.C., £i 4s, which includes rnilway faro. SVH.B; (Nubba, Siding): Pleased to hoar you reckon tbo 1£e-'ki:e-: the only gouuino sport ing paper. In ninwer to your -iuestiou, ivo would advise the purclinio of a book such as 'Westhall(or Mich6d) ou Training,' pro ourablo at l-ymock's liook Arcade. Ueorge street, Sydney. 8\. Reeves (Paddington) : Hodgkinson has met Kerr on two oooiwions. In tho raco for tbe Five Miles Championship of N.S.W. Kcrr and aomu of the other competitors fell, Hodgkinson winning. A weak later, on tho same track, at tho North Syduoy Beaorvo, Hodgkinson again met and de feated Kerr tins timo iu tho 10 Mies Cham pionship of tbe colony. 