COLLECTION OF BUSH STORIES.* Mr. John Arthur Harry, who has written mnny Short stories for' The Aiidralasthn under the nom deplume of "Ij. W n°w publishes a collection of tales and sketches under the title ot Steve Breton's Bunpip and Other Stories. Mr. Barry within the last fortnight has returned from his visit to London, where be formed a temporary and valuable connection with the evening press, supplying articles and sketches to the Pall Matt Gazette and Globe on Australian topics. The dread of the European winter alone pre vented his making a prolonged stay, but he did not leave until the cold weather had actually setin. Mr. Harry has qualitied him self for describing bush life by living in the bush. He has had mining experiences, and he has for some years been employed on stations in New South Wales. He also writes of seafaring life as only a man can who has been a sailor. The series of stories now published in book form deals with the three phases of life which Mr. Barry has gone through. They are short, clever, and very readable. For a preface or introduction there is a set of verses by Mr. Kudyard Kip ling, who in a kindly spirit gives his brother writer a " leg up " as follows: There dwells a Wife by the Northern March And a wealthy Wife ie she. She breeds a breed o' rovin' men And oasts them over sea. And some they drown in deop water, And some in sight of shore; And word goes back to the carline Wife, And ever she sends more; For since that Wife had Rate or gear. Or hearth or garth or bield, She wills her sons to the white harvest, And that is a bitter yield-. She wills her sons to the wet ploughing To ride the horse o' tree, And syne her SODS fcome home again ' Far spent.from oat the sea. The (rood Wife's sons come home again Wi' little into their hands . But the lear o' men that ha' dealt v i' men In the new and naked lands But the faith o' men that ha' proven men BY wore than willing hreath, And the eyes o' men t hat ha' read wi' men In the open books o' Death. Kich are they, rich in wonders seen, But poor in t.he goods o' men : And what they ha* pot by the 6kin o' their teeth They"sell for their teeili again. Ay, whether they lose to the naked life, Or wln'to their hearts' desire, . _ They tell it all to the carline Wife . That nods beside the fire. Her hearth is wide to every <rust / -*" That pars the dead ash spin- ' _ ^ /nd tide by tide and 'twixt the tilee i T\ Her sons go out and in. i ! <*? ?- < \ j" [Out in great mirth that do desire \ . Uaztrd of trackless ways, * f-~ In wi' great peace to wait their watch J £ And warm before the blaze.] -, And some return in broken sleep, And some in waking dream. For she hears the heels o' the dripping ghosts That ride the lontr roof-beam. Home-they come home from all the seas-" The living and the dead The good Wife's sons come home again For her blessing on their head. ? -RI'DVARD KIRLISO. 