THE CHILIAN BLUE JACKET. A TALE OF EASTER ISLAND. By Louis Becke. (WEITTEN FOR THE SYDNEY FREEMAN'S JOURNAL.) %. A'Ione, in (ho snoot solitary post o? tho Eaotosn Pacific, midway between tho ooirthqanlse-Bhokoa littoral of Chilo end Peru, Dad tho thopoand polm-clcd ioloto o2 the hon Auohipolono, lioo do island oi tho doyo'oSioa tho world uqd yemng,,' Rt thei ]\t,hp.\imhadi ooffc-ouad dcsoandfliftfeu of the forgotten uad Gajstaffious imoo that onoo qoichenod tbo lcod, thiu lonely oDtlioi' oi1 tho isles of tbo aoGthoco a?au io called in theie ooft toogQo Ropoaoi, or tho Gffoat Kapo. A boDd^od1 db-3 aovoiaty yoofo o^o BoRf-GS7oia, on the dooa of an Ecates Sonday, dioeosBod thsoogh tho Hiiofcy, tropic faoze, tho groy out lines o£ an island under hio ioo beam, cm-3 oailsd ?down upoo it He haded ; and ovoa aa the gzira and hni'dy .old Qovif|Gtoi' goaod npcm and uondesod a'c tho anyotgyieti of the otrnnKO iolaad, eo thio dcy do tho cunning man o£ ccieaeo V7hos posbopa oaco in thirty yocpo, fjo fchitfoes1 ia tho vcia offoirfc to lesdl 'oho DOGfGfc ok gq all bat periahod ?Qeo. And fcboy ©cm foil bo bafc vagaoly that tho BtopGodotiD oxiotiag ovideacGD o£ past glosits Qye o£ immonao and untold ago, asd ohow their desigaeso to &&V0; boea co-evol uith tho bnildoso cf the basiacS eitieo of Mexico one! Peru ; beyond thnt, fchev can tell HO nothing. Who eon eolyo tho problem P What moooGH1 6? on ioload tiog V7ao howbo s tiled tho baildofs of tho gfoot terraced plotformo o£ otoQOs ^ho carvers of the huge blocks o? Iqvq, fcb© hov7OFD» oat with radeot tools o£ ths Sphin:r-liko images of tfoohyts 77ho:o sqaare, mnaeivo, and diodaiofsl faces hove £ok aanumberod oontujieo ^azsd ap° waids and oatc/afdo over tbo soiling, onil-lots swell o£ fcho Mid-Pooido P Ami 4he people of Kapa-aui of to-day P you snoy osk. Search the uholo Pacific— horn P^lotocst, tho aouthera eoatinel of (he Ffiendlias, to the one-iiiiao bacciioaof-haunted fok'-awny Pelev7o; thsoeo CuoSfyaE-d thpoagh the v?bite beached coeq! atolls of tho Caroliuoo and Mqs° sholls, qei3 DOQthwQ^do ta iho clond -copped MoFquet'Cg and! iho sandy strofcohoo of tho Poumota — and you will fioci no hatidaoBUGE mon ot more peaceful v/omoa nhon the light. tkiaood people of Bapa-aoi. Yet ds'o thoy tut tho CLr^ivoiO ot 0 ?ceo doomed ; .doonaod frora the doy that Brg^ov/eia in hie clumoy, hi^b-pooped frigate figst odw thoiF load ood nmtvollsd at tho iaipo'i'ibablo s-olieo of 0 deed groctnctjO. With smiling faces coay ^elcosjod tiim-Q btron^or horn on anknov7D, ontsido uoirld, with ciitln&Q; tt vvoicit and pintol m bond— do c God ; ho lo?t fiem 0 l?f-acy tf oivilis afcioci — a hidcoao and croel ditioaeQ tbat BV7epfc thfOQ^h ?ho Giaaiablo and utscspioiouy jtqco oa en epidemic, nnd olovy its inouoondp, and ooolod wifch tho hand of Daath and SIodoc the oogeE.- life thot hod! thoo filled tlio Bqaocs hoaaeaov lave io mooy a toua horn tho wove-boaton olififl of Toi'ano Eaa to Oatipti in ftbe T7oot. Atk of tho pooplo nou— ' Whonoa oomo yo? and wbooo wot'o tbo baodo thnfc fashioned these snigbty imogoo nod eni?7ed rapoa iheoo otoneo P' and in thoip simplo mannoc they will nnavyor — ' From BopDj aDdep tho Dottiog anv, cqebo car fothoFO ; aad xio r/ope thon a great peoplo8 ovon do tho onoote* o2 iho boaeb. , . Od? Greoi Kidr wno it, ho whote nemo ia forgotteo toy QPj tbat ooaood thcao tomplescnd oomotepioa andi tosrocco to bo built ; tad it v/oo in hia timo that tho fd'^oJtea i'othoro ot1 our fathtgo oaived from cui tho stono c£ tho qaonies of TerDnoKcatbo preat Silent Faces tbiit^saa fop aver upwot'd to tho tky. . . Ai-D-oh ! . , , Bat it v7bo long ago. . . . Ah! d Rtoat people v7oi?3 V7O them ia tboas dnjs, oud tho wild people to tho West called uo To SqrcIq te pito Henuo — ' tho pooplo who live oi tho end of tho world' .... and wo kr.ov? no nnro.' Afld ht?o the knowledge ar.d trcdniocs 0? Q bioben people bc{-in nod end. A soft, ccol morniflg in Novecobep, 187-—. B«iweeo Docio end Pitc&irn; I-lands tf70 Atnerican whaloships cmise Iczily alon^ to the gentle breath of tho eonth-cBbt t?adoo, T^hoa tho look-out froai both vcepela sso a tbiid Bail baonnR do?7n npon thora, In a iou houro oho is olooo Qnonoh to b 5 recognized aa ono oi tho lackiost opopra whaJoro of tho fleot — tho bsiR Pooohontoo, o£ Morthn'u Vinoyofd, Wiihin o quarter of a milo oi tho tv;o cfeipfl —the N&osau; nod tbo Djpaot— tho no^coaaoi' backs box' foi'G-yurd cut] haolo up liOK' Lanianoil. A cheer naou fraca tbe ohipo. Siio vanta to * gam,' i.o., to goooip. With ccptor cciivJty £oa? boats ore lor/orocl froios tbo t\7o ubips, cad fcho jsaptainp and necond mutea 01 each aro Eaoiog for tbe Po--ohoT)t*p. 'Tbe ekippsr c£ tbo brig, sf or pbaking honds ?with h s visitors ond mckiiig the usual icqairisB on to tfaoir lock, nanaber of dayo out from JNow Badford etc., etc., led tho way to hio cnbin ; and colling his PortDKaooo otoward, bod liqoor and a bos of cigaj-o brought oat. Tbo capiair ' of tho PoefihontDQ uco n little, uithored- ap old man with keen, doop»Got oyoo oi brip,hteot blao ; and had tbo ^operation o£ pooooooiDg tho moot fiopy aad oscitablo tcmpai' of ony off tho captaino of sho sisty oc o&70Qty AraoE'ican vyhokohipo that ia thooa dajc ei'tiiaed tho Pocifio from tho wog£ coaoii o£ Soath Amoi-ico to Gaaaj in £ho Ladpoaoo. Aftov drickiog poojo o2 bio potoofc New Eog land Fnia with hia viaitoro, and bovine anchored inqQicodl ii; thoy hvA aooa caytbing o£ a Ohiliaa Buin0.o?-WGii? fuptlac? £0 ths ooDtwoi'dl. No, thoy had aot. ' Then jaol aettlo down, «Gtit!eraoa0 502 awhile nad I'll tell you odo of Iho c-isiouaest thiogo tbni I qvos dqw op hoard oL Yvo logged paniklos'o of iho wholo bHoiaoco, oad uhon I got to Oaks (EoBolmin) I naoaa £0 odp-soSo 3001 all 1 do know to Pcthof Bamosji o£ tho Hoaololu F21END. Tboj?'o BothiDg liko d no^Dpapei'1 fnj.1 shovyia' a aatin op V7hon ho'o boan op to any on nata?cl villainy and thinko no one will ever know anything about it. So jaafc listen and take hold.' Tho two captoioa nodded, and ho told them thio. Ton dayo pvovionnlv5 V7laon cloao in to bavvon aad iGolotofi SalQ°y-Goffii(?z, tho Poenboatoo hoc! opolioa tho OGilian cor^ttte O'Hi^giqn, boond ffom Eaotoii' Islnnd to Valpo?sis). Tbe copfsin of tho ?o?V6tto eatoptainod the American mcetor coQL'fceoooly and osplaiacd hio ohip'o pyeooaco do fa? to the oQQtwat'd by otatiac £bat tho goveffB' moafc hod iootEUctod Mm to call at Eactoi? lolond and pick Bp an Eagliahman in the Chilian GOL'vieg, who hed bsoa ssafc the?© to esamins cad popo?t on tho co'oosgI Sisfaes ccd aayfitoriona cajvinfio Ot thai; lonely island. Tho Eajclish' mDDj do Gommandei1 Gallegoa said, was a valued ueifvcQS ok iiio jcb'jpuuiic, izuu iiEa ion Bome yoai'a soffved ia ito navy cs d Knr»Gou on board El Almivanto Gochi'Qiio, tho flagship. Ha had lsft VolparaiQO in tho wboloahip Comboy v;ith tho intoDtioa o£ E-GGitiain^ tbi'eo moiQtho on tho island. At tho end of that timo e. war vohesI wao to call and eonvssy hits back to Ohilo. Bot in Icgq than tr/o saoatho tho Republic woo in the throes of a deadly ctr-ueglQ with Poiu — ho?s tho flomsaaadei? o£ the ?? O'H'gc-iao bowed to tbe AaaoEican coptaia, and pointing *o 0 bugo acts? that tavoi'ood Ma bi'oosed fceo feosa tosaplo 60 chin, ooid, ' in which I had the honou? to receive thio, and promotion'— and aoorly two jqojq had elapsed evo tbo Govornmont h&d; timo to think again o£ tho Etialiah Hcieuti^t and hie misiion. Pouoe pettorod, tho O'fliggino wes ordoued to PFoeoed to tho icland and bring him bock : ond 00 tbo ohairacfeii? of tho native-o was cot well !inov7Q, aad ii woo foaped bo might havo been killed, QoEamoadop Goliogos wgs iaotruoted to osecote Gumo3a?y jaslioe upon tho people of tho ialand i£ onoh woo tho cauo. Bat, tho Gillian office? snd, on reaching tho ioland ho had fonnd tho nativea to bo vory, poncooblo and iacffenGivo,, cad, although smch oloFmod at the appeci'aBco oi hia avraod landing pncty Et'os tho eo?vottG9 tboy had givon him q lotfcop fa'ow tbo EDglichEaan, aad had aotiD'fiod hi eb that Doctor P/Gocia ? had remained with thom foe oomo twelve Esootho only, and had then loft tha inland in c panting wbaloQhip, and Commander Gallegop, making thorn cnitable proaonts, bade them good-bje, sud QtooKaod away for Valposaieo. This was all the police little commandcp bad to oay, Qnd, offer b farewell rIsbo of w\ne, hio ^isitof rcse to go, wbou the captain of tho corvette casnally inquired if the Pocab^iitsfi was likely to call ot tbo island. 'leak you,* he oaid in hia perfect English, ' boooaso of ono of ray men, a bluejacket, who .loGcrted thoro. Yoa, eonor, miy possibly meet ?7ith him thoro. Ytt ia ha oi do vnlua, and ho io not a Gcilor, and bnt a lad. Ho was vary ill roost of tho tiiBs, and thio wao hio firot voyego. I took him aoliofo with 020 in Buy boot, aa ho bcoought mo cego?ly to do 00 ; and the little dovil isan away aad hid, or wns hidden by tho notivoc.' 5 Why didn't you get him back?' erked tho captain o£ tho Pocahontoo. 6 PorPioa! that woo oDcyGaougb, bat' — and fcho cGsaeaaadsc i'oiood bia o^ob^owj ond ohirapged hio ohoaldova— { of what ao& ? He wen no uoo !o tho ooEVoite. Bettap iov bias to stay thorn?, and pochopD rosovoPj than to did oa board the O'JBig gino aad bo throv/n to tho blue shasko. Poa oibly, aeno?} you may (lad him wo 1 1 ; and it m&y; anifc yoa io toko him to yoo^ good chip and teach hiiaa tho basiaeoa o£ catching tho whale, My trndo io £0 show my euew how to fight, and ouch as ho cu'o oi no valeo ton that.' Thoa tho two captaina bado ooch othor faro wall, and in anotlies? hou? tho uodoublable O'Hidgins, v;i!.h a block trail oi smoko atfooni ing Dot07B, waa too miles uwoy oq ho? coujoo to Volposuiso. A week nikev the Pochalioafcaalay becalnie I close ia to the loe sido o£ Bapo-aai, and within sight of tho hotsaoc of tho psiacipal villogo. Tho cop taio, alwoyo poody to f»ot g ' groan' bands was thioking oJ tho ohonoGo oi hia oecaeing tho Chi linn deoortoi?, and decided to lowsc c boat and try. Taking itoue men with him ho pulled ODhouo and landed at the village of Uagofoa. II. Some sixty os seventy EBtivoo claste?ed uound the boat ao 6be touched the shore. With smil ing faces and outstretched handa they ghf ronndod tho ooptain and pressed upon himthoir simple Rifts of sipo bononaa and Gah baked in leaves, begging him to firot erst a li'tlo and then walk with thoica to_ Matavoii, thaie lavgoot vil lage, diotaai cj aniloj whe?o pi-epD?DtioES wove bting made to welcome bias k'ovmally. Tho 1'kippoi1, Qothing lothp bodo hio crow net io go too fas.1 away in thoij.1 FcmblGo, aad, acooaspaaied by his boatsteas'Sii'j wao about to a?t eff with the natives whon he vewennbesed ths object o£ h a visit, and DGked a big, well-mads womon, the only native pt'ooeafc that ooald opook English, ' Whoffo is the man 30a hid horn the man.o£ was ?' Thovo wos q dead silence, and for nearly half a co'note no one opoke. Tho keen blue eye 0 of tho Ameneoa looked from oao faca to anothar inqniriagly, and then ssttlad on the fat, good catared fectoreo ol Vavna, tbe big womo*, Holding her hond«, palms upwards, to tho esptaio, ehe ondoavoaeed fo epesk, and thoa to hio ootonishmonf; ho aaw that he? dos-k oyea wo?d filled with fcoaro. And then, cs if moved witb ioma GU^doa and oorirowful emction, 0 nambei' o2 other wobhoei oad yoong gielo, muvmus'mg aoUtly in pitying tomes, I 'Emato! E maie!'* enmo to hio al&o; ood hold thoip baoda oat to him with tho oosao oapplicatiog geotnsc. Tho ooptaiQ wqg pazzlod. For oil hio toland wnadoi'ingo and d-niooa ho ha& 00 knowledgo of asy PolyQeoiaa dialecf, ond the tearful Eau'enooo of tho fofc Vacua wao still anbtckon. At laot oho ploood ouG hand on hia sleeva, aad pointing londwat-d with the oihoir, aaid in hoe gentle voieo, s CotBOj' aod taking his hand in bora oho lsd tho way, the vest of the people followiag in s'lloQCQ, For about halfa-mile they v^alkod behind the * ' Dead ! Dead !' captain and his boateteerer otd the woman Varna without uueviag a vrord. P^essntly Varna stopped an I called oat the ncaie of 1 Toko' ia a low voic. A fine, bao^socDs j a'ive, portly clothed in Europotn Bailor's die s, stejp.'d opert from the otness a&d; cama to hor. Tuning to thecsptain &ho; ocid, ' Thio is Toka the Sailor. Ha caa epc-tk a little English and much Spcniah. I tell hiai row to come witb up, for he hath 0 pnpep.' Although not nndersfanding the relevancy of her vemaik, tfce eaptaio nedded ; end ikeii with Rentlo innigfanc!?, Varna and tho other women urged hiiD on, and they ogcin sot ont. A' faw aiinutes moi?o and they wovo at tha foot of ono oi tho maGcive-atonod cad ancient ' papoku' 01 cemeteviep, on tho walla of which werG a number cf hugs imagoo cci'vod from trachyto, and vopffeaentiiiR tho iraok of ths liuoion body. Some of the figuL'ea I'ovo oa theip hoodo c.'os'Qg of red tofo, and tho oapect oi all was towflrdo tbe oseoo. Afc tbo foot of tha wall of tbs ' papaka' wsfo a natnbep of prone figuvop, with hand9 and a?mn eenlptorsd in low relief, tho outspread fingers clasping the hip?. About a c.ble-longih from the well stood two q'one bcusjo-memcpiaJs cf the olden time — and if wna to tbesa thct Va?ua end the two white men, attended now by women only, di rected theij? steps. Tho stpengo, uaecvfbly gtillnesa of the place, tho 1ot7 wliispcva of tho womoo, the array of coloaaal figured with ophins-liko faeco set to tba aoo, and tbe unutterable ait1 of oadnooo that en« wrapped the whole soono overawed oven tbe animaginotive miod of the Foagh t7haliog cqf tain, end bo expopieoeed a carious feeling of i'jliof when hia gontle-voiced guide entered ihi-eu^h tho opon doors-ay tbe loigest of tho tvro bousey, and, in a whippo?, baao him fol low. A delightful Gsnso of eoolreso was hia first Qcaoa'ion on ente^iog ; end then with noiselafa step 'ho othet womon fcliovrad and oastod lhaca* Qslvca on the ground. Still clatiping hia hand, Vania led him (0 the Farther end of the houss and pointed fo a motion* I089 %ufq thot lay on a conch cf iia's, covered with d largo piece of cavy-bluo calico. At each side of tlio conch aat a youwg nativa girl, and then1 fall, lunjinoae eye a, shinini? otar-liko from out tbo wca'th cf black, gloaoy hciip that fell rspon thpi? brorzsd sbouldcrp, tuj'fled wondep inglj upon tha scrangor who had broken in upon tbPTS' Wiltfitl. Motioaiog tlso girlo anidOg Vavaa released he? bola at tha while mao's hand end drew tbe cloth f'ora ofi! tbe figopo, nnd the Bsaman's pitting glance fell upon tha pale, or/eot feu tui'oo of a young white givl. But for tbo unmiofalinble pallid hue of dea'h bo thout'lit at fi:ot tbit aho elapt. In tbo thin, delicate handn, oroessd upon he? bosom, there waa pieced, tftes.1 the tQQDDOi.1 of thess of bei1 ^nitb, a amoll taetal orucifiir. Hd-1 hah, silky aad jot block, wqo Ghost like a man's; and the exquiaiteiy modollod Coa^uren, which oven tho eoldnons oi docth had not robbed of their boanty, nbowod tbe Spanish blcod th&f;, but n fovy houjo before, hod courocd through hop veins. Slowly tbo old oeataan drew tho eoveifiag over iho Qtill £oDtavoo, DQd with an unuBail ocaottoa oGmiog liia undo notare, hs fosd, and i-llowed by Va.ua, walked outside and a-.t upon a broken pillar of lava that lay undoi1 the wall of the popaku. ? 0 0 0 Colling hio boifsteerop, ho ordoyed him to ?e to?n to tho bonch end go off to tbe obip with inhtiucfiino to iho mate to have a coffin mode as quickly aa pos-sibla pnd eend i- othoro ; avd then, at 0 glance ffom Varu*, v?ho »miUd a grave approval an oho liotencd fo hia otA&ta;, he fol ]owpd ho? and the aisn uho oallod Toko into ihe oaaollev o£ 'oho two lioosrs. H^und about tho icuido walla of this ancient dwelling of a forgotten rooa woeo plooed 0 nambsi? of GoaiBon's chi sbo mode of codas.1 and camphor word — thd ln»efl and penoteo of most Polyr.e-iion hons-o Tho gpnvcllod floor w&a; covered with p'ottily-ornomonted mato oic falo (the scpew.polm). Seating heraalf, with Taka the Sfiilo?, on the oifltp, Varua m'tinned the cip'Gin to oae of 'he hrx 8; and ihcn told hitu a t»le that movad Mm — pi u-'i^, fierce, and tj rannioal as was hia naiure — to 'h- deepebt pitj'. ? ? ? 1 .W»3nMi™iWIW.MW.Wl.HlimiWIJ^H|l^^—M^— .WWFWWIWil^ji.MMai.Mul III. . ? It is not yet twenty days since the fighting pahi sfi (steamer) came here, end wo of Rlats veti saw tbe boat full of armed men land on tbe beioh at Hogaroa, Filled with fear were we ; but yet as we had done no wrong we stood on the bench to welcome. And, ere the armed men had left the boot, we knew them to be the Sipaniola from Cijile-~tho same ss tbosa that oavao faei'3 ten years ego in three ships and seized and bonnd threo hundred and six of oar mon and carried them away for slaves to the land of the Toe Mann, r.nd of whom none but four aver re turned to EapD-na'. And then wo trembled again.' She spoko o£ the cmal ontrago of 1862, v?h?r. threo Pdfnvicn olava-Ghirs took away over 300 ielandoFo to psrioh oa the gucnc-tiulds of tho Cfainoho iQlcndo. ' TS20 obiof of tho ship wes a little moa, and Kg called out to an in fcho tongao o£ Ohilo, 5 Havo no fear,' oud took o Jittlo gan ^om out i'o csao of skin tfaot bung by hia sido and giving it to tbo man ia fcbo bost, cfcoppod ovot1 tj up, and took on? bonds in bio, ''la 'chore nono amooR 50 that speak my tongue P' ' ho ooid quiehly. Now, thio man bc:e, Taka (lie Sailor, spoaketh the touRoo of Chilo, bnt ho Zeavod to te-1 i it, ]- $? they might tnlie him ewoy £01? a sailor ; so ho hold his lipo tif»bt; 'Then I, wbo for ois yesro dwelt with EDgUsb people at Tchit'1, was poshed forward by tboEo bshind mo and raaclo to talk in English ; and lo ! the little men tpoko io yam1 ionp,ao evan as quick ss he did in tteofc of Chile And then he told bd hat ho coma foe Foscmi.* ' Now, this Fai'oni wno q yoaag white man of Peretonia (England), bifi and strong. Ho. come to as a yoDL' and c hclf ago, Ho was rich oad hod with him ohoota filled with presents for on 0? Rflponni ; ond ho told as that ho corao to live awhila araonp: no, and look apon tho boas jo 0£ Diono naoi iao jpccqo ox tao ouenc ease gaz-j oat opoH tho Boo. Eo? d yoGv he dwell; with ub end bceamo do oqo of oavoelveo end wo loved Slim; nod then bocGtioo oo ship eamo ho began to Weary aad bo aad. Afc lacfc a chip— like thine?, one fchot boats foi] tho wiido—earno,, Gad Fai?ani ©oiled qq together aad placed n Isttoc in tbe Iionds ol tho chiof c,t Mafcovori nnd ouid, t( M it so be that n ship eoffiiotii fi'ora Ohilo give thr-so sny v/opda to tho ocptaio, aod nil will bo well.' Thou he bado no icasowoll oad woo gono. 'Ail thin I said fa quick wo?do, QBd then 'to gave to tho little fighfcJBg ehier fho 3efc6op that Fa^oni hod wciUoo. Whoa ho bed oountod ths wordo in tho lottos; ho oatd, ' Booao, sS so well,' and colled to hio me®, and they btfongbt oat SBQQy f^£££a fo? ua horn tho boot— cloib9 ood gasmeats £ol' eboq aad women, and two groot bogG o£ oonvas fillod with tobnoeo. Ai»c=oh ! SQQBy pceseatD he govo ras ; thio boeaaso o£ tho good wo?do Faraai hod sofc dov?o in febo lofeioj?. ThoB tho littlo obie£ ocid io me, H Lot- theoo my men calk whera thoy Hot aod I will go with theo to Motcvors and tolk with tha ohiof.' 11 So the ocilors camo 006 of tho boato coiTying 4heie gooo ond cwordo in their hoado, bat tho little ohioir, whoso 5I ayagato' (moaatoehQ) Gtock out on oooh oido oic hia face like the wingo ol: a flying»fiah X7lwn it loopo sa te^goi1 fro a tho raooth o£ the hEB^ffy bonito, opoke nngEily, aad fchoy laid theis Roaa DHd owopdo bock ia tho boato. 'So fiho Doiloi'o woafi hitboff oarl tlsithoi? v/ith oaf^ yosB^ moa oa-3 fjis.io ; aad, oltboosh ofc ihofc £esbo I koQW id qok, oho who aow is aofc V7RQ oao ol thesSp ond ualkod alono. 'Thea I, oad Taku tho Sailov, ood tho little ohi©£ sosao to Uho Iioasos oil; Mataveri, aad ho stayed owhilo and spoko good woeda to op, And w®, alShoragh wq feat the moa o£ Ohilo i?oi? tho wrong they oqog did no, weso yofc gladi £0 liotoa, for we also oro o£ thoie faith 'Nov?, qb wg tnlkod, thore onoso inoiJe tho doqgo o S'Obbk gipi nomoa xomoi-oEi, waoiint when FocaniSind boon with no for two saoatho, he had fcokoa for wife, nod oiie bogo bisa 0 son. Bat isom tho day that ho had onilod away eho beoam© eiok wi-h gcief ; aad when, s&qv; mm? foontho, oho had told mo that Fciffani had ar.id he would yetQi'Q to hop, my honi't v/go boovy ; for I know tho uoyo of rybito moa with no co den o£ beowa okiao. Yofcl fooi'od to toll hop he lived ond woale! potura no saoro. Nov7, thio girl Temefeeri woo DOBghfi aEto;? by o ascn aoiEJiGd Hnaroni, tho doq oS Hoeemoi, who desivod to ma^Ky hei? now that Fayani had ^ono, and ho urged hei1 to qaootion tho chief o£ tho fighting ship and osk him ii Faffoas would yotora, c So I Gjpoko o2 J?oe2o6oE2, He loraghod aud shook hio hood oad ocid, ?'Fay, Fajooi fcho BngHoheaDB mil yotuva no moso ; bafe yofc ono bo beeufcifal do che,' and ho poiatod to Teme= teri, ' ohoitsld Snayo anany lovono and know ao ?grief. Lot; hoe taoEEy agoia oad fo?got him ; and thio so my Eaaraingo giffe to hop,' aad ho threw o big goldoa coin upon tho mat on which tho giel bd^. ' She took it io hoe hond nod throw it ice ont through tho dooiT/ny with bitfioL1 uouds, and eooe and went owoy to hor child. ' Then tho littlo captain T7ont back io tho boat and colled bio aaoe to him, aod lo ! oqo was gone. Oho ! ho was angry, nod 0 groat goou that yen dowra ono Dido oi: his faeo guow sed with ?ogo. Snt ocon ho laaghsd oad noid to .us— 'SoQjtboro bo onoo£ ray peoplo hidden away from mo. Yvi ho io bat a boy and eick ; nnd I oaro not to s-iey and no&ich.; fos.1 him, ' Let him bs thy coto so that he wnndors aot owey and periahoo among tho beokon lava ; bs wiil bs in good faaado arnon^ the people of Eapa noi.' With thntho bodo us farewell, and in bnt b little time the great fighting ship had gone away to the rising Dan. fA4l that day and the next we searched, bat Frank.* '~ '~' ~~' H found not him who bad hidden away ; bat in (he night of tho second day, when it rained heavily, and Takn (wboifl roy brother's sot) and I and my two children worked &i-; the mekiDg of a kupego (qoI), bo whom we had fooght come to tho door. And aa wo looked on? hearts were filled with pity, for as be put ont his bends to us ao stoggered and fell to tho ground. 'So Taka — who is a man of a good heart— and I lifted h:m up and carried hia to a brd of sjft mat', and as I plocod my hand on his bc3om fo see if bo was dead, lo! it was soft aa & woman's, ond I saw that tho stronger wss a young girl ! 'I took from her the wet garments ond brought warm clothes o£ mamoe (blankohi), and Teku m'-ido a greet fire, and we sobbed hoi; cold body, and hoe hands ond foot till her li\re came back fo hev cgaio, ond eho oat op aod ato 0 littlo bocitoa-up taro. Wfoea tho night and tho down touched ohe olopfc ogain. Tbo sod \7oo high whoa tho whito girl awoko, cod feflp leopt iato hor oyea v,7hon sbo sn?7 the hoaso fillod v7ilb poop'o, who oame to question Tabu ond mo nbout i ho otpnngoe- Wild them carao tho giel Tomstoi'i, whono ho ad v/aa otill filled with iiooliaJn fchocghfp of Forcni, hee uhits lovor. 5 1 went to her, put oay arm Dvoaod be 2 end spoke, battbouf»h aho saiiled and anorjOFcd ia a lifctlo ^oioo I aodGi'otood hev not, iov 1 know none of tho tonp.uo of Chili. Batyofc aho loonod hoc hood ogoinot easy bocora, and tsoi1 gjcd. tlnafc i?oife oa big ond bright do Fatuuo, tbo otac of tt 0 moraiaft, looked v.p into mine and smiled throogb thoir fcoai's. ' Thei'o V7GD a gPGat bozziog of fcnlk amorg tl* 0 womsn. Somfi enmo to hoE1 oad tooehod fjcado and forohocd and anid, 'Lot thy trombling ooaoo ; wo oE S-opo-nui will be kind to tho wbito girl.' ' And do fcho people thronged abonfc hor and talked oho Gfoook box hood and bar Gyre aoaghfc mioo and hot tocre plaohod upon njy liood. Tfien tbo Eaothoi' o£ Temotori pained he? voieo cad called to Toku tho Sailor end ooid, ' O, Toko, thon wbo Isaoweofc hop toogao, npk ho? of Foroni, ray white ooq, tho hsjobnnd of cay daughter.' ' ' The ycung gii'lo in tho housQ laughed Beora £s2lly at old Pohoso, fop oomo o£ them Pied lovod Facnni, wbo yet had pat thoos all aaido foe TcHjoteri, wbooo beauty csceedod theirc ; ond go th3y bated hoi? and laughed at hou sssothor. ThoD Takn, boing pvessed by old Poboi'o, opcko id tho tongue of Ohili— bat aofc oi Temotori. & y~v 1 _ _ ? C% »_ _ ? . jl _ 7_ ? /? ? t ? JS j _ 1 1 ? Jfl jl. T. ? ^bo ; oao upiiUBft 10 MOii nuet uua xiumee meu, Qad tbo ilyiag wosdo chosod ono aootboj.1 from lief lips, aad thoce chin^o told oho to Toko : — Qbo had hidden nmoBg tbo broken lavn tmd watched the little captain oomo back to the boat ond bid us forawoll. Thon wnon sight odebo oho had crept out aad goao fos ovoe to tbo great papaVo, and lay dowa to hide agosa, £oe obo ioseed tho fighting ohip might srotura to Doek hop. And all fchnfi day oho lay hiddon in tho lava till night foil u poo hos; ogaio, and ijangoF dzovo hos to seek fcho iaaoa o2 men. la fcho rain oho all bat peeiohodj fcill God bsought hos feet to thio my house. ( Thorn aoid Taku tho Sailor, ' Why didst thou flso £ foes the ahip ?' s Tho whito gii'l pat he? hoado to hoy face and wopfc nnd said, 'Bring mo rsay jooket.' 4 1 gavo to tbo bluo aailor'a jacket, nad from ioaido o£ Ifc oho took a lifctlo flat Jhieg aad plocod it in hos bosom, 'Again sold old Poboi'o to Toko, ' O, man oi olow bonguo, aok laoL1 o£ Foeoni.' So he naked in Sbno wioe. ' ? Sec, O Wbito Girl, that ia Pohoro, «he mothoe of Tomaton5 who boro a son to tbo whito mm fihat casao hore to look upon tbo Silent Pocoq ; aad hetsQuao ho oomo lcrom Shy load, and bocouoo o£ fcb© hoot'fc of Tomotei-i which is dried up ion lovo o£ him, dooo thio icoolioh old woman aok fchoo i£ thou haet soeo him ; 2ol5 long snontho ogo bo loft Boprwaaio Ia out' toogco wo onll him Fflrani.' Tbo fjirl looked at Taltn tho Soilos ood hor lipo mo\?cjd beft ho wosdt' cpmo. Then from hor bosom Phft took the lit. flfj1 fiat tbiafj ond held it (0 him, but oicknoGQ wnc iu her baod do that it tromblad and that which sho hold foil fco tho ground. So T^ka ntooped nodi piokod 't up from where it lay on tbe mat and looked and bis oyfs blazed and he shcuted out Aoe lice it was the face of Farad that lcoked into his ! And as ha held it up in his hand to tbo pooplo they too shouted in wonder, and thon tho girl Temeteri cese; aside thooo that stood ebout hoe and tore it from hio hand and Had. ' Who is sbe,' said the whito girl in a wsok voico to Takn, ' aud why hath she robbed mo of thst which ig dear fo me ? ' and Taka was ashamed and turned his £sco a 7ay from her, be cause of two thiops— his heart waa sare for Tometeri, wbo is a blood reU-ion, and was bhanicd because ho!? srhiie Jover nad desertod hop ; and ho was fall of pify for the whifco gii'l'c tooi'G. So ho ssid coagbt. cTho girl vaioed bereolf and her hand caught Teku by tho ores and theae wore hos wordo : 'O man, fo? tho love 0? Josu Christ, toll mo what we? thio woman Torastegi to my haabcud P' ' Now was Tabu tho Ssiloe core troubled and ffilt it hard to hurt hop hooEfr, yefc he gnid, ' Woo FaFnni, tho Englishman, thy huobend P' ' Sho V7epfc o«aiD, -! Be waa my lioabasd.' ' Why loft beoao os faic cs Shoe ?'ooid Tohu ia wood or. ' Sbo shook boi: hoiid- ' I lrcov-7 not, csoopt ho lovod to look upon Btrnttgo lends ; yot ho lovod mo.' ' 'Hois 0 bar] mon/'aoid Tata. ' Ho lovod I othoro cg well aa thee. Tho girl that fled bat do V7 with hio pietnvo was V7uo to him bore. Ha loved hoc and Dt.to bore bios a son.' ' Tbo girl'd hood fell ob my shoulder, nod ho? oyoo closed* and ahe boossae as deod, aad lo ! in 0 little wbilo as ubo otrovo to B^eck blood poupod from her mouth and ran down over her bonom. 4 'It is toe bond of Dsotb,' ssid Taku tho Sailor, ' Where she now hep, there died she, at c-boa!: tho hour when the paople of Vaihou saw *-ha ooiio of tby chip. ' We bavo no prieot here, for the good Fotboi' that wo.0 hero throe yeafs cgois nov? silent ; yot did Tcfeu and I proy with her. And sro she wdg silent cbo oeid she would qoS; dowa oome wo?do on paper, 00 TunivohoEA, my little dnughtor, hesteaod to Matavori, and tho chioS oqb£ boob oorae papoc and ' vai tubi' ('n!i) thafc bad bolongod to tho good priest, So with woali hand oho act down aomo worda, bnt evon do oho Kvvoto shei'fss up and threw out hoi' hands, aad called ont 'Froncisop, Francisco,' Dnd foil back aad T88 feiloat forever.' . ? t IV. The csptoia of She Pocahoniao dashed the now faBt.falling tears £rom hio syos, and with his rough old hoa?t s^^ellinf? with pity for tho poop wanderer, -ook ftom Taku tho oheet of pepe? on which tht- hecitt'brjton girl'o Jaot worde woro tFacod. E?o ho ooukl pood i£, a lov? sattraiQe o£ voices outeido told bia Mo orow hod jrofcaraodl. They carried a /odo wooden aholl ; oad thea with bared heads tbe captain oad boot-oteoiw entered tho hoQQo whore cho lay. Again tbo eld maa anised tho piooo ol aa^ry bluo cloth horn off tho nwoot, ocd face, and a hoovy tooe dyoppod down apoo hoi1 fore head. Then, aidod by the gentle, oympahetio womoQp hio task wbg soon lioiohod, and fcwo o£ hio ct'ow ontovod aad cousiod theis but'doB 1/3 ifco grovo. Soiedoo theEo wca none ; oaly tho peayoso ond ieaeo of the buowa women ot i£apa-nai. Eee ho ooid fcu'cwell the captain of'the Fooa hontas placed moooy in tho hood oic Vcpgo and Toba. Thoy draw back, hurfc and mottifiod. Soe» ing hie miotolre» tho senman dooirod Vorno to give the moooy to Iho fjirl Tomotpiri. 8 Way, die1/ QDid Varuaj 6 oho v;ould bat gxvo me bittop words. Evojiwhos ohs who iouow silent wao aot yofe cold ToHsstogi camo to fcbo door of tbo honoo where oho ley ond opofc twico oa tho ^ronnd ond taking up gravol ia her JiDnd caet it at hot1 aod cuitced bee in tho nomo of our old hsnfchon godo. And, go for money, we bare in Sapn-nui need it not. May Chiut protect thse ca the oea. Farewell !' Tho eoptoin of tho Poeahonfas rcsj end came to tho cabin tcbls, and motioniDg to bi^gueatR to fill their glaBSa?, said — ' 'Tic a real sad story, gentlemen, and if I okoald ever run across Doctor Francis — 1 should talk some to him. Bub aee here. Here my log-; my mate, wbo is a foncy writiet, wrote it ot my dictation. -I can't ehowyou the letter that the pore creature herBPlf wrotojliatl ain't going to show to anyone.' The two captains rose and stoodi b-side him and read the entry in tha log of tbe Pooahontas. ' November 28th, 187— 'This day I landed at E^sfcor Island, 'o trj and obtain oea 'traen' hand c 3?r»utig OIdIiqu Eoeman who, th« captain of tha Ohilirjo corvetfca O'Hiflging informed me, bad run &vc.y; thoio. On landing I was nhowntho body o£ a youag girl, whom tho natives et'itod fco ba tho daoostor, 8ho bod diod that morcinj?. Buvisd boracj decently aa oircutns'ancen vrould permit, FrotJE 0 lotfcoi1 obo wroto oq ftbo naorning of hop d?atb 1 learnod bet* nomo to bo Soaorn Torcoa T-— . Hot? huGbcsad, Dt, Fmnoio T— , was ao Eoglioh. ra an in tha rer^ico of tbo Chilian RaDublic. Ho V7oa oeat on o ocioaiifio miooioa (0 the inlands aad bio wife followed hioj m tha O'HigRins disguised aa a blufjaokot. 1 ohoold fcako hoc to bavo beoa about mnoteon yc- oro o2 ag-, ' Spekch Eldhidg-s. Maxtor. Manual Lggaopb, 2nd effioer 'B'ePcCDbontc?of Mcutba'aViaajDrdj U.S.A.' ' Wei', tbct'o cuvou'i now,' ooid the shipper of the Ncaoaa, ' wbv, I knorj thofc man. He loft the inland in tho K-n fi Dorino, of Haw Bod ford, gbcI landed at Pooapo in iho Oorolin© Group, whnr thooo UQdG?^i;joQJid ?uino are cA M?6slonioa Hcrboar. Guonn ho vronted to pottoi1 DFonad fhoro a b:t. Bat ho p;ot intep ooooio nostei1 tuoublo amouR tbo native 0 these on' he get obot ' * Ayp,' ooid tho eopfcoio of ihoBaggnfr, ' I ffe meEnber tho CiEfair. I van mo to of tho Jocephine and wo woeo lying at Jckoita Hnrbour wben he 1700 killed, and bow 1 fomombop the nma -O). Wool, ho wgob'6 much occoaofc onybor7.' Ton yoora oro tho urito? 0? thia tolo otood at tho baao of tho wall 0? the papobu with Toka tho Sailor, aad tho lotto? poiotsd out the [not, rooting-ploco of tie waDdcu'er. Tbopp, uadsp tho shadow cf ti»o S'-lont Facso o£ S ono the braFG and loviag hotsit that darod 00 EBnch io Gt peaoo foe ever. 