WORKER MAIL 8AG. To Gorretrpondents. _ Write on -one side of jjftpecjmly. ? Correspondents who do not desire to ran tbe risk ^-f black Ti^ingTjnSaving their signa tures attached to anti capital istic ideas should use a nom de plume, enclosing; their own name, if they oare to, for tbe editor's satisfaction only. Correspondents must pleas* state if they do not require their names to be u-ed. J. D. an;l W. H. B.— Obljged. Western Shcabkr.— Quite an oversight. A. H. D. Rni.tiet lengthy. Will use idea. G. R .— Must not judge the crowd by those men. Ex WAKEFJi.-Have consulted lawyer. Cannot insert. ? . ? J. S., Wcdioongabba.— Yon should write to the department. Dcover.— Too long for Woreeb; make over two columns. ~'i E. R., Cannamulla,— Merely a small item of general n -w«. Has no political significance. R. Hectoh.— No letters at Worker office for you. If any should reach us we'll forward on ' to Wrflfihrtt station. M. R. W.— Certainly not. The enemies of unionise should be shown that nwiiatby to tbe cau-:e is not a good policy. . Exchange.— Yes, it is cnstoinar y ; but in our opinion the squatter should pay it. Cannot understand why the Muttaburra overseer U not charged exchange. W. B., Logft'i Reserve.— It is necessary (hat ft ? member of any co-operating union, desiring his Worker sent direct to bis address, for* ward postage money coveripg the term for which he £o requires the paper. Postage is half p^nny per wef k. , The Fat Man Again.— Money makes the mare to go. Then how can Fat Man expect prosperity to return when wages are kept afc a starvation point and little or no money is in circulation ? _ Fat Man may have plenty cash but evidently he lacks that necessary thing called brains and com mon sense.-— Troth. The Poi'kd Note advertisement of the Freehold Property Distribution got one unfortunate into trouble here. He went to pay a mate's fine aud produced the 'flash note.' Sequel, eix months' bard. Hot, eh? I think the Equitable should give him a chance for his trouble, if not a prize. —Nemo. A Man* Trap. —If the man who fell on the iron bayonets affixed to .the coping of the Bank of Australasia had been sober be would have a fine chance to make the bank nuffer financially by an actionat-law. Fat Alan was always, and ever will be, a vindictive brute. The spikes should have the points blunted to prevent similar gory spectacles. — Anti Cbcbi/tt. Tom -Spot 'em writes an follows : Will ? ^eme-Labour member please bring in a bill duriug the approaching eession for the purpose of clipping the clawa of those vultures who keep registry offices for - male itn I female servants of all classes. At the present time servants are most un mercifully robbed by these harpies — who * are of both male aud female gender. ^Deab WoBKBB,r-On Jfovember ^Wtfyrr^ at Cairns Judge Noel sentenced a ««b»- ffitla' ?' one minute's imprisonment for attempted ' suicide, while Judge Harding gave another would-be suicide three months' hard anil treated (?) him to a lentil Into riio-fofr. ? gain. The latter judge is about to retire in a year or so on hie pension. God flpeed the happy day. — Lex. TWEEniJEOCM AND TwEEDLEDEE.— The UtuW Secretary of the Post Office, Bris bane {who/employa kanaka labourj^j^Ul snavels the ^i(W'a™3^aT~fK»aTT^i^3,8. Superannuation Fund find wNhnbv/ttt ' nothing to it. Mr. Tozor e&td; m|fc other arrangeritente would be ina&iu; |mt so far nothia? lu's been done. Wffi lt& *oisw please note ?— Paddy Sf iles B61r. 1);:ar Wohker,— When a djEnuooratio govenuuent is in power (which will be in tho near future) they must not foi^get the ' kind treatment' meted out bvthat 'per sonification of gentleness,' Dr. Wray. All 'HrJsLjieeAjEould — be ^bout -an~ample ? reward for such a martinet, and would teach him to be kinder to other* and not be so boorifih in hie tone as he was to the union prisoner^.— No LiOKsrmm - — '3r&TKrR;' considers *h»t~lihV New Zealand Gold Mining Oompjinr. Crympie, should pay to the' State a royalty on the gold obtained from the Royal itiitin. Tha ? -^i company is working a mine under » pieod of freehold land belonging to the Church of England, and pay the trustees 10 per ? cent of the gross yield. ' Justice ' thinks this 10 per cent ehould go to the com munitjv Fact writes as follows : Working men ~ and other* throughout the Colony wbo are anxious iur reform and good wages do not ?, let the ghosts of fteetrade or JProteotion '' 'Split your votes, ' Jom ygur forces, men, and vote solid. . Do not let it be a game of pull devil, pull baker, as in days gone by. The wily capitalists only resurrect these bogies during election time§ to split votes jind theyjuugh at_y-QUJ-Bt'pidi1 jy-afl- they ? caTTit. ' Blue Book ' writes as follows : The Secretary to the Brisbane Board of Water works draws a cool £200 a year ealarv and doesnothiugfor.it. He also has a salary of £600 in the Government eeivioe, and quarters valued at £150. Grand total, £050 ! This gentleman doe* nou believe in - one-mau-nne-vote or one-nun one billet. ** The O 'vorninont threatened to make him 'disgorge but it all ended in hinokp as usual. The small iS fry ' suffered instead. Going to Kick.— Let no man deluda himself with the idea that unionism is dead. Next year will tell a tale and show them it is aiive and going to kick. When Union ism. ._is — dcadLScpfdwth — coimnrnresr ? TtaJ workers of Queensland should constantly keep that in mind. Even tlio non- unionist ninety-oner has come to the conclusion that the union is the only moans i f keeping up the rate of wage?. Let tho squatters try a cub next year and they will find the ninety oner s.auding by thou*) uIj ? intend to kick against the reduction. — Nemo. Why ?— Dear Worker,— The two years' contract (£!*(i) for tho horse mail from Texas via GJenlyou to Stanthorpe should have expired this year and fresh tenders been called, buti for some reason the Post- * maater-Gpiieral about two months ago privately contracted with Mr. Middleton to convey the mails at tho o*me i»rice for a period of three years, provided he adopted a new route. Why has this been done? Why did the PoHtmautttMGkndrftl not adopt tho usual praotloo imct oaUim. -fen* , -t^\ 