THE LAUGHING JACKASS. The laughing jaokass at the Zoological Gardens is a broad low-comedy 8Tt of bird, who usually makes your • acquaintance in a littlo game of-spoof of his- own. • • He knows that-you have oome to the cage to bear him laugh, so he- won't do it. Bat in order to keep you there, in expectancy as long as possible, be -pretends to have discovered an enemy, or-something to eat, or the ghost of some other jaokaBS, olose by. He stares intently at nothing, and then turns round ard inspects it on the other side. He croaohes cautiously on his perch and looks at it cornerwiw. He organises an elaborats plan of strategy, and makes a -begisiiing of approaching nothing os tip-toe. He finds that' it la? observed him, - and forthwith ducks his head and looks out warily. It moves, and he follows it intently with his eyes ; he seems about to spring at sothinpr, and you become excited ; when he suddenly lets it go and grins at you, and you realise that you are sold. The laughing jackassis not'adistinguished joker, like the raven. He is a very f rantio sort of buffoon; one who imagines hs has a funny reputation ,to maintain, and who strains to maintain it at all hazards. Whioh is why he bursts into his demonaic laugh &t; certain regular times of the day—a habit -which has earned hint the unflattering same of the ' Settlers' Clock.' The faotis, he has been trying for hours, unsuccessfully, to think of a joke, acd laughs to make the world believe that he has made one. It is noticeable. that with these birds laughing is highly infeotious, and that when one starts fhe test join at onoe, each trying to outscream the others. Every individual is trying to claim the joke for himself. Personally, I incline to the belief that the laughing jackass, as a tribe, has only one joke. Mutual admiration societies are formed, and the members tell each other this joke is turn, and laugh unanimously. Ten may see tbe system ia operation here. One bird will burst upon a few friends with the air.of a breathless discoverer and a vast cumber of chuckles. He tells the ancestral joke, in confidence, to jaokass the seoond. Then the tvro scream and choke' with delirious laughter, aud so forth—and fitth, and sixth—till every ,jackass is sorearning for & minute together, till the regular amount of mutual admiration has been expanded, and they stop suddenly an d c:ok their beaks demurely for the appropriation af visitors. . . . 