\--THE; BARBER'8 GHOST. Night was coming on apace'; a piercing east wind -wildly scattered before it the thick flakes of snow, which were': descend ing so as completely to obliterate all traces ofthepath thliroubl a lonely moor, over whichi a traveller. was journeying, with r.the'hopd,of reachili? .a. village, _ where he intended. to -remain ,for the night:-, He . as an entire stratger in .those parts, ainu asuch ias tho :: ure of the 'country that.. uinder the toast'f??ibrabfle 'ircumstaiic.s, nhe wuuld 'hut e ?ieeriiitced'esome diffieulty in threadin, tilhe nmales ofo tue wild' dis trict hlie:hil to strie .. : : In this dilemnma,? as. his only .resource, he committed himself to o the guidance of 'his hordse;conciludiung tha't the nstinct of the noble animal was mucl better adapted to the emergency' than his own reason, be wildered as it was.s Tie . faithlul and sa gacious cr'eat'ire hilly jistified the confi dence reposed in 'him'; he pursued his course steadily;buit cautiously,: and iil a :few hours the travelle, ,to his; indesdrib able joy,, discerned a faint; glimmering light in the horizoni . By thifs time, ho was almost ani icicle, and wLas froieu so fast to thle saddle that horse and-rider, like'the- fahled centaur, formed one body. 'Tlue nolle brute to whose superior :agacity, .e: ." lord of the creation," oil this occasion, was indebted for his safety,' cnitinued to pursue his course, until at length the traveller, more dead than alive, arrived at a venerable and spacious looking inausildn, which ap peared td: iiave -been ini fth·ru":: dal;yvs a castle, as some of the batt h.inents, the moat and the gothic gatew:ay were still rp~ mainiug. However, as lights appeared in the win dows, alld .iounds of revelry weor helard from within, the stranger did nuot hesitate to' avail hiimself of the kilocker to an nounce his arrival; atnd ifter a short in terval, the ,door wasiiened: Judge his .urpri:-is ai" satfiml et'i at fitiding hins^'.f .shiii:red 'iito a: sp.cituus area, tie sce ."-pri.ri?iably, in ancient aym's,' of tilts aud.ltoura,'eunts, blut which hal by.moderl illlrui,.oeuelit been conllverted into a stable y. iil, for the a:cco:nuiod,tlion of horses. 'Su:,-. parts of thl c"astle itself -foi~ sLit. it wa--were tl'ransfii:'irmed into comfortable aceoniiuodlations for travel. Idrs. many of whom were now safely housed, secure from. the pelting of the pitiless storm.. Our traveller was with difficulty de tached firomi his lhorse, and was shown into thela spaciou.s kitchen, in the ingle nook pt which ne was tha.dli dllowin to iis natural shape and dimensions; bitt not before his grotesque appearance hal alfforded ample merriment to the guests who were ca ioinsiig uthere. As our guest was a wag anud.a humorist, lie avowed to himself that lie would be even with theim for their mis tiied jokes; anid:he was as good as his vord, as' you will se:; After paying a visit to his trusty steed, and seeing hliu well fed land foddered, he inquired of the landlady if lie cou ld e ac comumolated with a bell for himself ; but what was his vexation on hearing that' the rooms w.ere all engaged, except "one apart ment into which no traveller ever chose to etiter,as'it was reluted to he Ihaunted by the .spirit of ai unnfortunate .lb,,rici', who had cut his throat there sorne .three weeks before ; since whichl catarstrople the roosm was regarded with so much dread " that not a servant in the house coiild be persuadaed to enuter it. Our traveller was inot a man to be terri fled by the idle fears of ghosts; and. as it was out.of the question to -buudge that night, he expressed his determination to sleep in the hanuted chamber,. al a thought which crossed his niiiid oimtlli'iiiei his 'resolhitioii. Tlie difficulty was to pre vail upon the serivants to 'enter t.he room to make a fire andl prepare a ltedi; but' by dint of a certain -arguument the: traveller persuaded them to enter in a body, heading and encouraging them him self; At length, everything wa.s arranged for the accomnuodation of the rash and presumptilous stranigel?, as lie was coiln sidered by evervone in the house, fiom the landlord to the boots. :Our traveller, after partaking of a hearty supper, ordered his bottle and pipe to be carried up-stairs, oliservini, that it was his intention to sit up awhile to await the. corining of the spirit,' aid tlt question hinls abotit the dreadful .secret that preyed uponi his mind and prieventeill him from resting quietly in his grave : The landladlady, who admlirled tiie c-nase of her guest, while she regurtteli his- ra ah ness, bade him "Good' night,'" with "Heaven bless you, sir," which she Iu,h.::,l in a tone of inisgivitl?e 'ather t.ha: hi.,1:.1 as if she doubted wi'htlher she wun!;l ever' see him again. Our traveller lighted his Iile ;iidl. awaited the issue very composedliy. The clock struck twelve, the high clhange hour' of ghosts. 'but no spirit iIp peared. . The storm had now increase'd to a perfect hurricane, and the g"ests seemred resolved to sit it out, as tihe Ihad formedl themselven'into a part v at hazard. Our traveller had, dir iInt" the.t,.ighlt,. heard fire quent allusions madi to himisellt; solme of thlecomupany.womI"'ring whatl would be come of lilnt when the 'castle 'bell sliould tll one, which w's the signal for the ghost ,to ipplear. This was news: fir" our tr'a-t yeller which li did not fiil t.turu to im iedlliato advaitaue, by .scittimg about his pri'eonceived design of acting the part of, ghost himiseif. \Vithl this view, hie cuinverted, oie'of hisi sheels' into a vr.v apprlii.1iate spectlat i'dbe, aroliiul'liis lneck ihe tiCIed a reil1 g?itel'; to rcpuesent tlhe 'wouni iflictd b'S the deceased barber oii hisi thiroa;t. . pieci of burnt cork enabled hlim' to diisg"'ise Ihis fate: anid renler it siliciiutly hiidieous; anlb to dra\n all, a inut- Cui with a 1,e irepiresented 'ih fionrit 1i, ien?e s of:tke aforesaid iburit iork. Itwi.s nom.aon.the, -atrokh of niu; ani, :as ii to second Iis views, .4the cornpao. wejust tiein intent on tlheir game; thein, ass not a miniuteito ie lost; somietlhig, holwever, was inecded to complete .his. cp.stuma. He" thoughnit :ie spirsltot the barbdl dnimtd not he IIIm',' • l'p'oprliatcly equipieid tlhan witiit ai im ii"' one baud -mu a 'ahl?tlvii"?:b?s ' if? the utluer?': His piortnmantei' O?l? sii.picill" ldenly occurred to hillm .tlit it ? .tihl gieatly eigi en tei .tibct?"t if briiirrf spirit'W.de substiftited foi "the ordinary lather.-The remn nt i the bo httle readii.) firmished:.him-: - with the :inflatimnljic lathe.~i ConCeise hin? h .readlv for. acti?, awaitingihe awful signal fi'oil, the castle turret. ,.> . 2n , • : It liode?d';t'ilefnthtli; 'auu our gbhot, having lighted up tbeetber.i coi~ toate n b and the oiuiioumon,toll of thd lell i?st.iatii: putan eadtoall.noise anid evelry amiinount the terrifid ganblers. m ith one kick the spefli Ifdi?cddupien 'theTdoor,: aniru'ite "scutn'liit ilf tb'6t lfd;drreid thi icken coiun allow'th-nei'tto uhllvctheir s"eneas 1ut sal a climax to.the:scene;:holding the razor :ii one haia aandthse- haiing 'boxe' in" the other, in a deep, hollow voice; said, " ' iill ?oheba svacd lh'.x i ns' ;.. s:8 Ther ?fs-'molnethiig:,stificiently dihua •.eeiibhiin the sight of a naked ira~ i .t brandished ini a.menacingattitude, but the idea of being'- haved by a ghost, anld brushed with inflammnable lathler, is too much for human .nerves. 'The' colpany all rose in an instant; and, as there was fort'snately a back door ill the 0oo0t lead ihg to the kitchen stairs, through that 'they precipitated themselves niecks and heels, never stoppimw until tliLy rea~thed the bottom, where they lay spraiwlin in speechless terror. SMeanwhile the ghost was 'not idle;::his role sei-ved as an aproii;.;into ' hich he collected all the money on the table.: 'He then extinguished the icandlesauiL retiredl to'his room, chucklini- at the complete success of his schemie. a lIown the romited guestsl 'recorcietl" froim their fright wonld be sulperfluous to re late; suffice it to say, thatt t last;they retired, in fear anid tremibling to their beds, without once thinikiug of tihe iuonmy they had left behindl them, in the a?llart ient Where the ghost so unepiliecteddly in teriupted their revelry. The next mnorning oir travecller.in vain rang his beltfor the waiter; not a soul in the house dared answer thesumnmious;,aiud :when he at length mluade his "Seilicarknile below, all seemed to shlrink firom, his .pre sence as if itwere :a second 'stpleriattural visitation. HIe called for his breakfast, bult no breakfast was.forthcominig, and. Ite was surveyed at a distance witn glances Sof suspiciou and dread. : . At length, honwever, he :suceculed in persuading the laudlady, who was a -woman of good "inlderstanliig,. tlMust- he wa-s the iduentical stmranger who had ldelpt in the ihaunted clhambler, and that hie was really flesh anti blood, andil not'a ghost. This assurnmce hie confirmedl by a conlial shake of the hand, accompanied by a good natured laugh at .thle fears lwhich his, al, pearance had occasionmed. Thile good ladyv at lenigth sumrunooed courage tontteF ili;, colnversationl with himi, andi iiulqiired how he haid passed the night. :" Never better," was the reply. "Did Vou hear niothiung , "Nothiing," hie replied. "Nor. see auything 1" i Why, yes,"' said he, with an air of in diflireice; "an impudecnt s;oundrel 6f a barhlsr poppedhis lnheadl it, iiy roomi at :one ii:lock ill thi morning, and asked if I •wat*i.l to lie shaved. I Sup1posed thelt fellow was ildruuk, and so I kicked hint down stairs, and fell asleep again." As the weathler continued temnpestuous, the guests reinained in their quarters to dinner : anl our traveller-joined themn at the - tablle. . The conversation niaturally turned to the occurrence of the precediig evening': and the hero of the tale was .much a-mused at the diltfereint accotints givenc of the ghost. Oine insisted that it was that of the barber most Iunquestion ably, as he was very well.aciulainted with him. A second observed that although he had never seen tihe barber while lih ing, lie had seen a napital likeness of hiii, aiid that it was as like the ghost as two peas. Anothler protestcedl that': the 'fire came from his mouthi and unostrils, anuil that his voice resembiled that of the ui fortuniate man who hiad.comimnitted suicid, in the chimber which hisi trodbled spirit nightly regisited. At length our fiicndl, requesting per :iissiin. to ti hearul, tins addtressed thec refillany --? " Geutlemenm, I love a ?oke as well as any mn;ian; but a joke maiy -ihe carrieil to, far.; andil as the belief in ghosts. is as:;sai, aurd as it is ,mischievous,. L bhould.- le lorlry that we shouhld part without an ox lilanation. IBelhold here ifitol.e you, gentleo men, the identical ghost that sliral suelh consternatio aionst 5"ou" When 'I e.n tercl this inn last nigiht you were pleased to lie cery merry at my exl)IensICr-anddIs I always give a :Roland for : ;' tI)liver, i voswed I would beoreveng-el. ,The. idler e por1t of the ghlost in the haunted cihaimpitr suggested to nme thle scheumeu r practised with so imucil success. If you loubL imy wolrd. geutlhcnenm, ilehold the monceyyou lklt lehindj in your hurry, anld which I bre ,fl withl the iutention of rcstorieg to yeol, ;Ias I now dio." SAs-he said this, hle unfoldetl a hanlliker chi,.f and deposited the. gohli upon. the talile. The exllanationu acLotilpaiied as it was iy the uniexpdcted rccoveiy-of the c;ah, produced~l'. lninersIal roar of ianoghter.: Tlle" g'uests shook .the ..t- . ve;lci 1n the lhand, lhertily thanking him fira lcaon theay should .imver forget to the lasthoir of their lives. 