S1LVBB. Sylvester (Zeeban).— November 20— For past fortnight cross-cut from Ehaft at 180ft level has been driven llift ; total from Bhatt, 19ft. GTOuud much the 'same, very com pact and dry. lhe 120ft level haB been driven north on courEe of lode 10ft, making total distance driven from cross-cut 135ft ; lode 3ft wide, composed of carbonate ot iron, with good staves (?) of galena. At 10ft behind present end lode opened out to 6ft wide ; we rote about 4ft. and blasted down lode, producinc good stones of galena but not in Eu£3cient quantities to pick clean ore. In 120ft level sauth from cross cut have Equarcd up bottom of drive for 6ft. Lode in bottom is I5in wide, carrying good vcinB of galena, through which ie asBociated native silver. This lode noes not rise up above 3ft f roTn bcttoE cf Icvftl. an' appears to bt tbc top ol a Libbe ot atone. Water ie iBEuing TCi-y freely through tbe lode, which 1b a very (jood indication. Thia being jaet over the cfOGE-cut now being driven at the 180ft luvel, promiBLE well for a payable lode at tbi-t depth. Have traced the ]ode, opened by former tributon, on section 876 southerly, nearly through oar propsrty, &nd; northerly into section BT7, which Bbowa Btonea of galena. I pui»oBc opening on the line of this lode northerly, in anticipation of find ing a richer gra^e of galena, which woaldbe of great importance on euch a strong and maEtcrly ledr. This lode demands thorough prospecting from end to end of ^our pro perty. Hive let new contract to drive crosB-cnt 180ft level to the lode. Machinerr in pood order and working welJ. JcDction CZeehsn).— November 18— Tri- bnton Btill. lining neer tbe north end, tvnd are obtainiog only stray pieces of galena. e»o oie worrn roentiODiDg beine Bivci, New Nabeenti (Zeehan).— November 24— Tribataise.re9tm driviag for the lode, the cap of which they have on the Bnrfnr,ei Coontry hard, and every inch hai to, be blasted. The? hope to strike the lode daily. Silver King (Zeeban).— November 18— Main drive nortb extended 14ft ; total from cross-cut, S2Sft. No change to report. There has been ueual amount of scoping* done over this drive. Lode rather poor in quality in etopea going norLh will average 12 per cent, ore all tfcrom^h. Have not been able to extend main ilrive south for past fortnight. Sitn from south end have been filling in Etcpes and making croundBecnre in northern BMDpes. Con Etf arable amount of utopicg done on ehoot ol ore couth of old prospect shaft ; Ioc5i: in this Ghost averages 4ft of good drcBHine ere, and baa every appearance of maintaimag no width aDd quality eh we riae up-a it. Htve Btarted stoping over No, 2 level, and will continue to raise ore from this level. Ore raised and sent to dressing mill for pant fortnight B6B tons, return ol concentrates 100 tons. 