Tnij third i-rt-nl. ffMtlval of Israel, that ot IVtitt ci til 111 Whitsunday, cotuiuemo niiiv, of ill' uivint nl the Deealngue mill outpouring of tup Holy Uhont, will be kept tr-morrow In our churches. Tne great Feast line t'viT btvii one of expeoted tilis-luqs, and iln- previous wei-k was iilw.iys vrillc.i ?' Exi-reibtlon Week,' and was one of earnisi prayer. To-morrow, therefore, Holv Coiuiuiiiilun will be cele brated utm. Paui'e nt 7. 8, aud 11 a.m. tipeoi :! rnunlc will he rendered by tne very ffllelent ooi.ir of tho church, and we believe the church will lie beautifully deoiruted. The next Confirmation will take place flu 8'. Paul's Church nit July 9th. TlUs 1* vi.rilt r tliau Canon Kvaun uouore'l, Hiid i- 'lue to Ibe iutended visit of Biehop Webber to England. Messhs. Bkvant &? Co. report having eold, on acoouul of the Welnholt Estate Co., of Australia, to Harry E. Aldrldge, Esq , two aotive, musoular draught colts, 2 years old, nud lovers of tinrse stock can Inspect tbem at ihelryards ta-day. They are » Ki d lloan Ciilt, by Prluce Edward (imp ) out of a dnm by Blr GaroK, by Loch F. rciis (luiti.), g.d. by Iron Duke, the u',.] 'known oiiglnal entire of tbe Messre. Weliitioli, and a Bay Colt, by Beat'out-lieM by L 'Ch Fergus (imp.), dam by Mucuotti (loiii.), K-d. by Cbumtiiou (Imp ) These c -11* ebould prove a great aciiuieiiiou to tbe district, aud tbeir intro duction amongst Mr. Aldrldge's already well-kuown »tud ehould produce some of the finest diaugh'. stock Id the district. The arrangements for the Conver sazione, lo be held uuder the ausphmi of the Pailharmonic Society, in the Odd IrllowB' Hal1, on Tuesday ev^ -jlng next, are fprogres^lUg f«v iurabiy. Tile ladies are working with z-a', aud everything promises to be, rt-H|,UH the depressing times, as successful ue it is possible to conceive. Tn* emcorted music wi'l bu the bem tbe S.i.'icty can Kive, aud several singers aud r. titer- will contribute to tbe entertainmen'.. wbioii will be (|uite equal to any tbat nas pivce led it. We bope that tbe object — the bringing of tbe claims of tbe Society before ihe townspeople — will have tbe desired i ilect. A visi-.Y Hue living specimen of the Ceiat'-dun (C. Fonleri) Is to be seen at tbe Hubonl «f Arte. It was caught by Mr. D. Jatlrey in tbe Teddingtou reservoir (Tinaca Creek), and presented by him to Ihe Muatuui of that institution. Tble fleh in remarkable for the fact that it hu« an air hresihiuR organ as well as fish gills, aud can therefore live for a long period out ot water. It is also interesting in as much as it is found only in this pari of tbe world, and is geologically speaking tbe o;ily livinif representative uf a very aucieut oMer of Ushes. fossil remaius of wnicb have beL-n found iu the Triasstc period. Special services, it will bee°eu by ad' vertiseineut. are to be held to-morrow in connection with tbe anlversary of Wesley Church Sundav Scbool. The cbildreu are to be accomodated on staging ereoted on each fide of the organ. Tbey midsa splendid show last ynr, and there U every reason to believe that to-morrow's demonstrations will be equally impoeiug and successful. Besides tbe services at tbe usual time, there ia to be a service at 3 o'clock. The annual meeting takes place ou Monday evening. The Ke7 Peter Aston, lecturer for the Graud Lodge of Good Templars, is to town, und wilt give an address in the Town Hall to-morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock. Mr. Aston has visited tbe towu several times in connectlou witb tein perauce work, aud his meetings have always been successful and papular. As a speaker he is graphic, powerful, and entertaining. All are invited by adver tisement to attend his meeting. A meeting of members of tbe British Israel Association was held last night aud largely attended. Au iateresting paper was read by Mr. E Melhsbum. It was decided that future meetings rbould be nrld in St. Pauls School-room, and tne members should ae-emble on the 1st MoDday of every mouth. The lirishane Ob^rvcr states that Mr. G. L. Luklo, who bas earned for himself the u»iue ol '? the fatherly poltceuiagib trate,' is to retire from bis duties in the Wide Bay district on pepsioD, and that Mr. Galloway, ot tbe Immigration Di partment, is spoken of as Mr. Ldkin's successor. The postponed Calico Ball in aid of tbe funds of tbe new convent has been definitely fixed for Wednesday next (Queen'a Birthday). The Oddfellows Hall has been secured, aud the ladies who have initiated the dance are putting forth every exertion to make It a com plete euccc:8, which it is sure lo be. The lost opportunity of hearing tbe wonderful Edison phuungrapa is eftorded to-day. Mr. Wood has it ou exhibition in a eh op iu Kent etreet, three doors from the Quecue Hotel but is taking it to Rockhampton by the Burwah to-morrow. A very liuoand interesting series of re cords may lie listened lo. On Wednesday, Queen's Birthday, the train lo Cbildere usually leaving at 3 p.m. will lie detaiued until 5.30 p.m., and tbe train leaving Bundaberg usually at 4.15 p.m. will be detained until 6 p.m., arriv ing at Maryborough at 8.50 p.m. The Hospital Benefit Ball last night was well attended and proved In every way a most successful and enjoyable gaiheiiug. The n hole of the week has been excep tionally tine, cool, and invigorating. A SocJAL, dance will be held In tho Hibernian Hail next Tuesday night. 