DANGEROUS JOKING.- J yjjj%ARTIN. was the sldoet eon and hopo oi ill J .Mr. Lord, the. Squire of Morton. His amiable disposition nud euperlor intel lect prepared for him universal love and esteem. . Martin woe a great favourite with the ' girls, old and young ; but he never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he became intiihato with Isabella Asbten, the daughter of tbe clergyman. Isabella was young and the most thought less girl in tho villago. Sho could have little sympathy with a person of suoh deep feelings and elevated intellocb as Martin ; and, beautiful as she was, it seemed strange that be should have given hie love to bor. \- Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several months; he was now nineteen, and she was of the same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella had s sooial gather ing of young people at tbe house. Martin, of course, was present, with the fairest youths and maidens; and. the company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, and sooial games. The hoar at whioh sneh parties usually broke up had already passed, when some one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having boon roportod as having been seen in the vicinity of tbe churchyard. "It ie a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that a ghost hae really been seen there ; sad 1 doubt if any person here believes in the existence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you know, you do, Martin, although you are ashamed to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed. "Come, now," continued the thoughtloso girl, " I can prove that you have some idea that suoh things may exist. Go to tho church, yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you folt no fear." " And what would that prove?'! " Why, you will be frightend, though you should see nothing. Your fears would put your belief to the test. How could you be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to bo afraid of?" " I do not think your logic is the beet in the world," replied Martin, laughing. "But I deny, In the first place, that a journey to the churchyard, even st midnight, would frighten me in the least." "Ha, ba I but you ihall not escape so," laughed Isabella. " Here, before these, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, which Martin had desired her to part with, " provided you go to tbe ohurchyard alonfa in the dark, and declare on your honour when you return that you ware not afraid." "Agreed," said Martin, buttoning his ooat. " And as an evidence that yon go the entire distance, you can bring back with you the iron bar which yon will find olose by tbe gate," said Isabella. Thus driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the oompany, full of oourageand spirit, and set out on hia errand. He marched steadily to the obnroh- yard, stopped a moment to gaze at tho white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark sod desolate ground, for tbe stars ehone brilli antly in the oloar, cold sky — then taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. He bad proceeded about half way, when, In the gloomiest part of tho road, he saw a white figure omergefrom a clump yf willows, and oome towards him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone iu an instant. Courage give plaoe to desperation ; his hair standing erect and bis blood running chill with horror, still he stood his ground. Hie speotredrew nearer, seeming to grow whiter and larger as it approached. We cannot tell what frenzy seized npon tbe brain of tho unhappy youth at that mom'ent. He raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre. The guests at the clergyman's honse beard terrible screams. Breading some tragic termination to the faroe they rnshed to the spot. They fonnd Martin kneoling on a prostrate figure, bis fingera clutching convulsively at ite throat-, while ho still uttered frantic sbrioka for holp. One of tbe yonDg men forced Martin to relax his hold on tbe throat of the figure, whilst another tore away the folds of tbe sheet and disolosed the blood-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in death. Martin uttered an unearthly shriek and foil lifeless upon the corpse. He never spoke sgaiu, and lived but a few months, to die an idiot. 