A DARK: a: TRANSArCTION. ' 'BY+ MA.RIANNE KENT. I ir 1 had described myself when I first s-tarted in life, it would simply have been as John Blount, commeorcial ti raveller. I woo employed by a firm of merohanots of very high stanlding, Swho did husiness only ;with Inrggi houses. My ncegotitions took me to all parts of the United Kingdom, and I enjoyed the life, which was full of change and activity. At least 1 en joyed it in Roy early bachelor days, but while I wus3 still quite young-not more than fiveo-and-ltwenty-I fell in love and married; and thlon I found that my roving existeunc was cer tainly a drawbacki to doimestic happi ness. My uifo, Mary, was a bright little creature, always ready to make the best of things, hut even she would deolaro pathetically that she might as well have married a sailor as a lands m·an who was so seldom at home Il Still, as I said, she was one to pat a bright face on things, and habe and my sister made their home together. It was in the second year after my marriage, when I had been away oni my travels for some weeks, that I heboard from my sister that a fever had broken out in thie neighbourhood of our home, and that Mary was down w: ith it. Kitty wrote hlopefully, saying it was a mild attack, and she trusted by the time I was home her patient would be quite coenvaleocent,. Ihad unbounded faith in Kitty, so that I aoopted liher cheerful view of things. But, a few evenings later, after a long, tIiring day, I returned to the hotol whore I was staying, and found a telegram awaiting me. My heart stood still as I saw the ominous yellow ounvelope, for I kncw my sister :would not have soent for me without .urgent need. Theo message vwas to *eay that although Kitty still hoped for the best, a seriouso change had Stakeon place, and I should return at oncoe. * "Don't delay an hour; come off immediately," she said. I was not likely to delay. I paid my reckoning at the hotel, dirooted that my baggage should be sent on next day, and in loss than half an hour from the time I had opened the telegram I rushed, heated and breath loess, into the primitive little railway station-the only ono whichl that part * of the country boasted for miles round. I gained the platform in time to see the red light on tlhe cud of the depart ing train as it disappeared into the mouth of the tunnel a few hundred yards down the line. For a moment I was unable to realisa my ill-fortune. I stood gazing slotpidly before Rme in a bowildered way. Thenou the station master, whso knew me by eight, camOe up, saying synmpathetically : "Just missed lher, sir, by two seconds I" "Yes," I answered briefly, beginning to understand it all now, and choafing irritably at the ouforcedl delay. "When is the next train ?'" "Six five in tihe morning, sir. Nothing more to-night." "Nothing more to-night I" I almost shouted. " There must be At any rate, there is the evening ex press from the junction; I have been by it scores of times I" "Voury liikely, sir; ibut that's a through train, it dou't touih hero never stops till it reaches the janc tion." The man's quiet tone carried con viation with it. I wans silent for a moment, and theio asked when the oex press left the junntion. "Nine fifteen," was ithe answer. " How far is thel junction from this by road ; oould I do it in time ? " " Ot of the quostion, sir. It would take one who know the road the best part of tlhroe hours' drive." I looked eway to my left, where tihe green bill-side rose up stoop and clear against the evwniog sky. It wis oUne of the most mountaisoNs quarters of Englaud, and the tunnel thait pisrood the hill was a tiimphh of oegineering skill, oven in these dlays whlen scionce sticks at nothing. Pointing to the brick archway I said, musingly "And yet, oneo thlrough lSthe tu. nol, how closo at hand the jusctioi station seems." "That's true enough, sir; the other side the tunnol is not half-a-muile down the line." S'What length is it ? " " The tunnel, sir ? 0loso upon three miles, and str;ighst as a dart." SThere waus another pause, thou I said, slowly " Nothing more goes down the line until the express has passed ? " "Nothing more, sir." " Anything on the up line? " weas my next inquiry. "No, sir, not for some hours, except, may-ba, some trucks of goods, but I have had no notice of them yet." As the station-master made this last answer lhe looked at me curiously, no doubt wondering what the objeoot of all these quiestions could be; but She certainly had nio notion of what was passing in my mind, or he would not have turned into his office as hie did and left me there alone upon the platform. I was young and impetuous, and a sudden wild determination had taken possbssion of me. In my intense anxiety to got back to my sick wife, the delay of so many hours seemed unendurable, and my whole desire was to catch the express at the junction; but howe was this to be ao complished ? One way alone pre sented itself to me, and that was through the tunnel. At another time I should have put the notion from me as a mad impossibility, but now I clung to it as a last resource, reonson ing myself out of all my fears. Where was tihe danger, since nothing was to come up or down the line for hours ? A good leval road, too, of little more than three miles, and a full hour and a- half to do it in. Arnd what would the darkunss matter? There was no fear of missing the way; nothing to be done but to walk briskly forward. Yes, it could be, and I was resolved that it should be, done. I gave myself no more time for re floection. I walked to the end of the platform and stepped down upon the line, not very far from the mouth of the tunnel. As I entered tis gloomy archway I wichad devoutly that I had a lantern to bear me company, but it was out of the qucotion for me to got aything of the hind at tho station; as it was, I was fearful acoh moment that my intentions would be dis covered, wbeon I know for a certainty tlhat my project would be knocked on the head, ,and for this reasonu I was glaid to leasve the daylight behind me and to know that I was unseoon. I wslthed on at a smart pace for fully ten minutes, trying not to think, but feelingt painfully conscious that my courago was ebbing away. Then I paused for breath. Ugh I how foul the air smelt I Itold myself tlhat it was worse oven thau the impenetrable darkness-and that was bad enough. I reeellcd to mind Ihow I had gone througli tunnels-this very one among others--in a comfortable lighted car riago, and had drawn up the window sharply and suddenly to keep out the stale, poisonous air; and this was the atmosphere that I was to breathe for tbohe next hour I I shudderod at the prospect. But it was not, long before I was forced to acknowledge that it was the darkness quite as much as tbohe stilling air which was affooeting me. I had never been fond of the dark in my earliest days, and now it seemed as if the strange, wild fancies of my childhlood were forcing them selves upon me, and I felt that, if only for an in, stant, I must have a light of some sort; so, standing still, I tooln from my pockelt a Iox of veatans and struck one. Holding the little match carefully, cherishing it with my hand, I gazedt about me. IIow horrible it all looloed! Woreoc, if possible, in reality than in imagination. The out lieo of the damp, mildewy wall was just visible in the feeble ilckering light. On the brickwork close to me I could see a coarseo hind of fungus growing, and there was the silver, slimy traces of slugs in all dirctions; I could fancy, too, the hundred other creeooping things that wereo about. Ae the match died out a noise among the stones near the wall caused me hastily to strilke another just in time to see a large rat whisk into its hole. A miner, a plate-layer-in faot any one whose avoontions tooki them un derground'--would have laughed to scorn these childish fears; but the situation was new to me, and also I must confoss that I am naturally of a nervous, imaginative turn of mind. Still I was vexed with myself for my cowardly feeooling, and started on my walk again trying not to think of thlose gloomy surroundings, but drew a picture of my home, wondering how Mary was, if she was well enough to be told of my coming, a.d was look ing out for nme. Theno I dwelt upon the satisfal.ionu with which I should enouter the express at thlojunction, faect ing that the troublee of the evenling had not beeoon in vain. Altor a whlile, wheno tlhese thoughts were some what oxbainted, and I felt my mind returning to the horrors of the present moment, I tried to looek at it all from a different point of view, telliig myself tlhat it was an ad venture which I should live to pride myself upon. Then I recalled to mind things 1 bad read of subterranean passages, and naturally stories of the Cataoombs presented themselves to me, and I thought how the early Christians had guided themselves through those dim corridors by means of a line or string; the fintastic notion came to me that I nwas in a like predicament, and the line I was to follow was the steel rail at my foot. For awhile this thought gave me courage, maling me realise how striuight the way was, and that I had only to go on and on until the goal was roeached. I .walked for, perlaps, twenty minutes or half-au-hour, sometimes passing a small grating for ventila tion; but tliidy were so cholued by wooeeds and rubbish that they gave little light and less air. Yallming quickly through a dark place, oelo has the feeling that unseen objects are cloose at hand, and that at any mo ment you may comeno in sharp contact with theim. It was this feeling at least whiclh made me as I went along continually put out my band as if to waird off a blow, atd suddenly, while muy right foot still rested on the smooth steel rail, my left hand struck against the wall of the tunnol. As my liugeora grated on the roughl brick Ia niew terror took possession of mo or int least, if usot i new terror, one of tihe fears which lhad haunted me at the outsoet rushed upon me with re doubled force. I had faced the possibility of the station-master's having boen mis takoue, and of a train passing through the tunnel while I was still there, but I told myself I lhad only to stand close in to the wall until the train had gone on its way; now, however, I felt, with a sinking horror at my heart, that there was little room to spare. Again aRid again I tested it, standing with my foot well plaited on the rail and mny arm otatretchled until my fingers touched the bricks. There was a foas cination in it-much as in the case of a timid swimmer who cannot bear to think he is out of depth and must okeep putting down his foot to try for the bottom, [liowing all the while he is only rendering himself more isor vous. Duriug the next tou minutes I Iknow I worked myself into a perfeot agony of mind, imagining tihe very worst that could happen. Suppose that tohe up and the down trains should cross in tihe tunnel, what chance should I then have ? The more thloughlt was appalling ! thotroat was impossible, for I must have come more than half way by this time, and turn ing back would only be going to meet thei express. But surely in the thick. ness of the wall there must be hero and there recoesos ? I was sure I lhad seen one, some little time back, wheon I had strnuck a liulght. This 0wa a gleam of hope. Out cauime the mnatclhes once more, but luy hands were so shalky that I hald scarcely opened tihe box whien it slipped from my fingers and its precious contents wore scattered on the ground. This wns a inow trouble. I was downu upon my iknoes at once, groping iabout to find them. It was a hopoloess task in the dark, and, after wasting muchl time, I was forced to light the first one I found to look for the others, and when that died out I had only four in my hand, and bhad to leave the rest and go on my way, for the time was getting tcort and my great desire was to find a recess which should afford me shelter in caeo of need. But although I grudgingly lit one match after another and walked for some lislance with my hand rubbing against the wall, I could find nothing of tile kind. At length, I don't know what time it was or how far I had walked, I saw before me, a long, long way off, a dim speck of light. At first I thought, with a sudden rush of gladness, that it was daylight, and that tohe end of the tunnel was in sight; then I re membered that it wans now ovening and the sun had long set, so that it must be a lamp; and it was a lamp, I began to see it plainly, for it was coming nearer and nearer, and I liknew that it was an approaching train. I stood still and looked at it, and it was at that instant that the whole ground beneath me seemed to be shaking. The rail upon whilch one of my feet was resting thrilled as if with an electric shookr, sending a strange vibration through me, while a sudden rush of wind swept down the tunnel, and I knew that the express was upon me I I shall never forget the feeling that took possession of me; it seemed as if, into that one moment, the experi. ences of years were crowded-recol lections of my childhood- tender thoughts of my wife- dreams of the future, in which I had meant to do so much, all thronged in, thick and fast upon me. Could this be death ? I gave a wild despairing cry for help. I prayed aloud that God would not let me die. I had lost all presenoe of mind; no thought of standing back against the wall came to me. Irushed madly forward in a frenzy of despair. The sound of my voice as it echoed through that dismal place was drowned in an instant by tbhe sharp, discordant scream of the express. On I dashed, right in front of the goods train; tho yellow light of the engine shone full upon me; death was at hand. It seemed that nothing short of a miracle could save me, and to my thinking it was a miracle that happened. Only a few yards from the engine and, as I struggled blindly on, a strong hand seized mo with a grasp 6f iron, and I was dragged on one side. Even in my bowilderment I knew that I was not against tohe wall, but in one of those very recesses I had searched for in vain. I sank upon the ground, only half-consoious, yet I saw the indistinot blur of light as the trains swept by. I am not given to swoouing, so that after the first moment I was quite ailive to my exact situation. I know that I was crouching on tio ground, rand that that iron-like grasp was still on my collar. Presently thebo hand re laxed its hold, and a gruff, but not unkrindly, voice said: " Well, mate, how are you ?" This inquiry unlooked my tongue, and I poured forth my gratitude. I hardly Irnow what I said; I only know I was very much in earnest. I told him who I was and how I came to be there, and in return asked him his name. "That does not signify," was the answer; "you can think of mo as a friend." "That I shall," I returned, grate fully; " for God knows you have been a friend in need to me I" " Ah I" he said, musingly, "your lifo must be very sweet, for you seemed loath onough to part with it 1" I admitted the truth of this-indeed I had felt it more than once during the last hour. I had been orneof those who, in fits of depression, are wont to say that lifo is not worth living-that we shall be well out ofsit, and the rest; yet, when it soemed really slipping from my grasp, I had clung to it with a tenacity which surprised myself. And now, with the future once more before me, in which so much seemed possible, I was filled with gratitude to God and to my unknluown friend, by whose means I had been saved. Thera was a short sllenceo; then I asked, rather doubtfully, if there were niot some way in which 1 could prove my gratitude. " You speak as if you were sincere," my strIango companion said, in his gruff, downright way; " so I will toll you frankly that you can do me a good turn if you have a mind to. I don't want your money, understand; but I want you to do me a favour." " What is it ?" I askced, eagerly; "believe me, if it is in my power it shelrl be doue !" "I would rather you passed your word before I explain more," hIre said, coolly. "Say my request shall be granted. I talke it you are not a man to break your promise." Here wais a predicament Asked to pledge my word for I knew not what l To be in tIbo dark in more senses than one; for I could not even see my mysteriouS deliverer's face to judge what manner of man he was. And yet, how could I refuse his request ? At last, I said, slowly " If what you ask is huonest and abovu-board, you have my word that it shall be done, no matter what it may cost me." He gave short laugh. "You are cautious," he said, " but you are right. No, there is nothing (lishonest about my requaest; it will wrong no one, though it may cause you some personal inconvuienioce." " That is enough," I said, hastily, ashamed of the half- hearted way in which I had given my promise. "The instant we are out of this place I will take steps to grant your request, whatever it may be." "But that won't do," he put in, quickly; " what I want must be done hero amid now I" I was bowildered, as well I might be, and remained silent while hie went on "TThers is no need to say much about myself, but this you must know, I am in great trouble. I am accoused of that which makes me amenable to tlle law. I am innocent, but I can not prove my innocence, and my only chance of safety is in flight. That is the reason of my being hero: I am hiding from my pursuers." The poor creaturo paused, with a deop-drawn sigh, as if he at least had not found his lifo worth the struggle. I was greatly shookced by his story, and warmly oxpressed my sympathy; then, on his telling me he had been for two days and nights in the tunnel with oearcely a bit of food, I remem bered a packet of sandwiches that had been provided for my journey, and offered them to him. It made me shudder to hear the ravenous manner in which they wore conosumed. When this was done there was another silence, broken by his saying, with evident hesitation, that the one hope he had was in disguising himself in some way, and thus eluding those who were watching for him. He coun eluded with "The favour I have to ask is that you will'help in this by allowing mo to have your clothes in exchange for mine I" There was such an odd mixture of tragedy and comedy in tebo whole thing that for a moment I hardly knew how to answer him. The poor fellow must have taken my silence for anything but consent, for he said, bitterly "You object I I felt you would, and it is my only chanoe I" "On the contrary," I returned, "I am porfootly willing to do as you wish -indeed, how could I be otherwise when I have given you my word? I was only fearing that you built too muoh upon this exchange. Romem ber, it is no disguise I-the dress of one man is much like that of another." "That is true enough as a general rule," was the answer, " but not in this case. I was last seen in a costume not common in these parts. A coarse tweed shooting-dress, short coat, kuse.braecehes, and rough worsted stockings-so that an every day suit is all I want." After that there was nothing more to be said, and the change was ef fsoted without any more ado. It seemed to me that my invisible companion had the advantage over me as far as seeing wont, for whereas I was sensible of nothing but touoh and sound, his hands invariably met and aided mine whenever they were at fault. He oonfessed to this, saying that he had been so long in the dark that his eyes were growing anooustomed to it. I never felt anything like the coarse ness of those otookings as I drew them on. The shoes, too, were of the clumsiest make; they were large for me, which perhaps aooounted for their ,oxtreme heaviness. I was a bit of a dandy; always priding myself on my spick-and-salidn get-up. No: doubt this made me ocritical, but certainly the tweeood of which the clothes were made, was the roughest thing of its kind I had ever handled. I got into them however without any comment, only remarking, when my toilet was finished, that I could find no pocket. fy companion gave another of those short laughs. "No," he said, "that suit was made for use, not comfort i" From his tone and manner of ex pressing himself, I had taken him to be a man fairly educated, and when he had deoolarod that he did not re quire money, I naturally fancied he was not in want of funds; but the style of his clothes made me think differently, and I dosided that he should have my watoh-tho most valuable thing I had about me. It had no partioular asseciantions, and a few pounds would got me another. elo seemed pleased, and almost touohed, by the proposal, and also by my suggesting that the money in my pookets should be divided between us. It was not a large sum, but half of it would see me to my journey's end, I know. He seemed full of resource, for when I was wondering what to do with my loose change, in my pocket less costume, he spread out my hand kerchief, and putting my money and small things from my pockets into it, kInotted it seouroly up and thrust it into my breast. Then, as we stood facing eaoh other, he took my hand in farewell. I proposed our going on to gether, but this he would not hear of. " No," be said, with his grim laugh, " the sooner I and that suit of clothes part company the better I" So we wished eaoh other God-speed, and turned on our different ways-he going backe through the tunnel, and I keeping on. The experiences of tihe last few hours Ihad made a great impression on mc-, and, althlough I felt awed and some what shlaken, my heart was light with the gladness of one who rejoices in a reprieve. The express that I had been so anxious to catch had long since gone on its way; still, in my presenout hopeful frame of mind that did not trouble me. I felt a sonvio tion that Mary was mending, that I should find her better, and, comforted by this belief, Iwalked briskly on; at least as briskly as my clumsy shoes would allow me, but even in spite of this hindranuooe itwas not long before I reached the end of the tununel. The moonhlght streaming down upon the rails was a pleasant sight, and showed me, some time before I reached it, that my goal was at hand. When I left the last shadow behind me and stood out under the clear sky I drew a sigh of intense thankfulues, drinking in the sweet fresh air. I walked down the country road, thinking that I would rest for a few hours at the station hotel and bhe ready for the first train in the morn ing. But my adventures were not yet over. As I glanced at my olothos, thinkiug how unlike myself I looked and felt, something on the sleeve of my coat attracted my attention:it must be tar, which I or the former wearer of the olothes must have rubbed off the tunnel. But no. I loolked again - my eyes seemed riveted to it-it was unmistakable. There, on the coarse grey material of the coat, was a large broad-arrow. In as instant the whole truth had flashed upon me. No need to ex amino those worsted stookings and heavy shoos- no need to take off tihe coat and find upon the collar the name of one of her majesty's prisons, and the poor oonviot's number. As my eyes rested on the broad-arrow I understood it all. At first I was very indignant at the position I waoe in. I felt that a trick had been practised upon me, and I naturally rosented it. I sat down by the roadside and tried to think. The cool air blow in my faco and refreshed me. I had no hat; the oonvict-I was beginning to think of him by that name-had given me none, saying he had lost his cap in the tunnel. After a while, when my anger had somoewhat subsided, I thought more pitifully of the man whose clothes I wore. Poor wretch, without doubt he had had a hard time of it; what wonder that he had seized the first opportunity of escape I He had said that the favour he required would entail personal incoonvenience on myself, and that Swas exactly what it did. I lookled at the matter from all sides; I saw the dilemma I was in. It would not do to be seeoon in this branded garb-the police would lay hands on me at onceo nothing would persuade them that I was not the convict. Indeed, who was likely to believe the improbable story I had to tell? Ifelt that I could ex pect few to credit it on my more word, and I had nothing to prove my identity, for I remembered now that my pooket - book and let ters were in my coat; I had never given them a thought when making theexohango of clothes. So, as things were, it might take some days for me to establish my real person ality, and even when that were done I should still be held responsible for conniving at the prisoner's escape. All things considered, therefore, I resolved not to getinto the hands of the police. But this was no easy matter. There was nothing for it but to walk, I could not face the pub lioity of railway travelling or of any other conveyance; indeed, it was im possible for me to buy food for myself. I had many narrow escapes from detection, but by dint of hiding through the day and walking at night, and now and then bribing a small child to buy me something to eat, I contrived to get slowly on my way. It was on the evening of the third day that I reached home. Ioften thought, somewhat bitterly, of my short out through the tunnel and all the delay it had caused I When I actually stood outside the little cottage which I called home, and looked up at the windows, the hope that had buoyed me up for so long deserted me and I dreaded to enter. At last, however, I opened the gate and walked up the garden. There was a light in the small sitting- room; the curtains were not drawn, and I could see my sister seated at the table. She had evidently been weeping bit terly, and as she raised her face there was an expression of such hope less sorrow in her eyes that my heart seemed to stop beating as I looked at her. Mary must be very ill. Por haps-but no, I could not finish the sentence even in thought. I turned hastily, lifted the latch, and went in. ' Kitty I " I said, withl my hand on the room-door, "it's I, Jack I don't be frightened." She gave a little scream, and, it seemed to me, shrank back from me, as if I had been a ghost; but the next instant she sprang into my arms with a glad cry of, " Jack, Jack I is it really you ? " "Yes, Kitty, who else should it be ?" I said reassuringly. But tell me how is she P How is Mary? Let me hear the truth." Kitty looked up brightly; " Mary I oh, she is better, much better, and now that you are here, Jack, she will soon be well I " I drew a breath of intense relief. Then touching my little sister's pale, tear-stained face, I asked what had troubled her. "Oh I Jack," lshe whispered, " it was youl I thought you were dead l" She handed me an evening paper, and pointed out a paragraph which stated that a fetal accident had occurred in the Blankl Tunnel. A man named John Blount, a commercial traveller, had been killed-it was believed while attempting to walk through the tun. nel to the junction-station. Thebody had been found early the previous morning, by some platelayers at work on the line. The deceased was only identified by a letter found upon him. And so, poor fellow, he had met his fate in the very death from which he had saved me I In the midst of my own happiness my heart grew very sorrowful as I thought of him, my unknown friend, whoso face I had never seen I-Strand Magazine. 