ATHLETIC ITEMS. [By ' \Vesthai.l.'J Events to Come. NOVEMBEE. 9— Friendly Societies' Sports at Bcotts dale. Nothing could be more gratifying to enthiiaiasts in athletics than to learn that the opening meeting of the aeason at Syan- dale last week waa a great eoccsu. A. usual fine weather prevailed, bnt owing to the heavy downpour of rain a couple of days previous to the sports, the recreation reserve was not in the best of order, and in some parti the convincing ground was in a Tery U.a GWUUlUUn. .iu. nan hijiimouj .un m« where the competitors turned in the dis tance races at the lower end of the ground. On the whole the going was heavy, and as a consequence militated greatly agiinst the speed of the runneis. Every effort had been made by the committee to ensure their patron, being as comfortable as possible. BeatiBE; accommodation was provided in the fthaps of forms being placed in various parts of the ground, and tbi. thoughtful act ou the part of the executive was much appreciated bj the public. The run ners were not forgotten, and the Etrnc tnre utilised by them as a dressing-room was of a different Und to what I hare seen almost sports meetings. There was no f ear £f the men being half suffocated, aad the only thing wanting to ensure comfort was a dry floor. The sport was not of as interest ing a character as would probably have been the case had the handicapper not over estimated the capabilities ot some of the competitors. Eowever, It is to be hoped that next season more care will be exercised in allotting the starts, for the fact should be borne in mind that everyone who enters for a race does so on the assumption that he will at least be given a possible chance to anner. the prize ; bnt this was not the case at the meeting under review, as some runners had not a ghost ol a show. There was only one in the principal event— the 180yds Handlcapr-and that was the winner, H, Drake, who had a start of 12yds. He won both his heats in comfortable style, and In the final simply waltied home in Iront of Jimmy Phillips, from whom he was reoeiv Ibj seven yards. Young Drake was In much better fettle than when I saw him race at Westbury last Haroh, and if he sticks to the game should in time, with a fair start in sprint races, prove a worthy representative for Evandale at any sports meeting. In the Hurdle H. Barker and the brothers Ducie ailed the places in the final heat J. Bnrgoyne evidently had some ol Joe Powell's best polish on, for he appropriated the Mile in easy fashion and a little later eame out again and won the MOids Handicap with out showing the least signs ol distress. His starts were 170 and 46 yards respectively, Everything went off swimmingly, not the slightest hitch occurring. The committee worked in unity to make matters run smoothly, and to the secretary (Mr W. Daymon), all praise is dne for the efficient ^ *F hn rii'n1* n * u, &uvjt; -Hits wurtooiu* ness to all with whom he came in contact gabled lor him many friends. Mr Duffy as starter could not have been improved on, and the task of placUg the menat the finish ol the races was performed by Messrs. K. Franklin, D. Oox, and A. Perkins iu a praiseworthy manner. The committee of the Westbury Athletic Olub decided, at a meeting last Saturday evening, to alter the date for holding their annual sport* from New Tear's Diy to Boxing Day. This course was deemed neces sary owing to the lact that sports would be held In Lsuneeston and also at Determine on New Tear's Day, and which was expected '?*?'»» ? ™«. B*«attaj agaiusii huiuumvivub and attendance of the public. The pro gramme for Wertbury will be slightly altered from that presented last season, two bicycle races, a consolation race, handicap and trotting match being substituted for the horse jumping contest, and throwing the cricket balL It is olio intended to have a portion of tho Bports ground set apart ai a reserve, which, I consider, is a step in the right direction. I am limited to space this week, and therefore am compelled to hold over any remarks I felt ioolined to make on the changing of date. A race (says the Referee) to decide the championship of America was run recently at Goschen, Indiana (A.), when the beat sprinting exponents were got together. The men drawn in the first heat were : T. C. Morris, of Santa Ana, Cal., C. A. Kinfcy, of Fayson, IT. ; Alexander Gott, ot Mile City, Mout, ; and Jim Collini, of Edgerton, Wis. Monia broke the tape in the f&at; time of 9 4-5s?c, a full yard better than Collins, who b:at Gott by atout two yards. The second heat, run an hour later, drew Steve J. Farrell, of BockviUe, Conn, j M. M. Make ever, of Denver, OoL ; and H. W. Kiplinger, of Chicago. Farrell smashed the tape by a good two yards, with apparently a good deal left np his sleeve. Makeever was three and a half yards behind tbe winner. The time keepers examined their watches, found that they agreed at t9iaec, and so announced it, the time equalling that ot Morris. When the four wonderful athletes ' set ' on their marks for the final, which was to decide the Championship of America, a hush fell over the crowd. Whcu the pistol went off Collins got the best of tbe start by at least a foot, the other men getting off well together. It was a great race to the tape ; there was never a let up of a nerve or a muscle. At fifty yards Collins was leading by only six inches, with Morris coining fast with au enormous stride and very Btrong. Farrell was third, a foot behind Collins, with Kiplinffer fourth. Morris caught Collifis before the seventy-nvu jhfqb, ami in a desperate finish won by two feet in 9 4-5scc. 