M'lMPOHTH. Bt J. 0. B. One of the lately-established ' Pleasant Sun day afternoons ' ' was given in the Leichhardt Town Hall the first day this week. Mr. Ninian Mel ville, M.P. — Chairman of Committees during last Parliamentary session, and almost certain to secure the post again— lectured on ' What I Have Done.' It is no secret that Mr. Melville has done and suffered muoh. Hfc position is an onerous and difficult one at best. His charges are often unruly and occasionally demonstra tive. Last Sunday's lecture wonld have been additionally pleasant and instructive had Mr. Crick been present to tell what he and Mr. Mel ville had done between them. At the same time, when a man comes before his fellow-citizens to say what' he has done it would be well if he sup E lamented the discourse with an account of what e hasn't. Unfortunately, in most cases, such a lecture would require a month of Sundays for delivery. It will come to this by-snd-by, that the best Sunday afternoon treat — pleasanter than at tending the Art Gallery, going to Manly, strolling through the Botanic Gardens, fiahingoff the rocks at Bondi, or listening to powerful polemics in the Outer Domain — will consist in hearkening to a member of Parliament who can conscientiously say : — ' I never broke a pledge or wore a hard hat when the bulk of my constituents wore soft ones ; I never voted for a railway that wouldn't pay, or advocated the erection of a school-house where there were no children ; I never went for retrenchment in the Public Service or for the. dis- missal of a tried officer so my brother might get his place; and from my seat in the House I never told a man he lied or saw two Speakers and three wigs in the chair.' Eheu ! If one could look forward to such Sunday evenings and believe the lecturer, how 'pleasant' tic first day of the week might become. * * * ~ * A ffcrald wire remarks : — ' A leading Egyptian newspaper has ceased publication. The editor will leave Cairo on a travelling tour.' No Mohammedan editor travels far when his journal is suppressed by the Sultan or the Khedive. Having been deprived of what might be con sidered the only string to his bow, tho authorities thoughtfully supply him with another that fits without a crease — generally at the nearest police station. . . The. Solomon Islands are progress ing satisfactorily. Cannibalism was never so flourishing. The epicurean tendencies of many natives is developing in the proper direction, for at San Christoval they turn up their noses at all but whitemen. On that peaceful little Pacific isle the aborigines await with confidence the advent of a few Caucasians. Hie last trader but gave them a taste for higher things than they had been used to. * * * * Last Saturday evening, at the Oddfellows' Hall, Mr. 'Williams lectured on theosophy. The new cult, it appears, is merely the sum of all truths whose various parts are unequally scattered through the world's- religious and philo sophical system?. The mystic number 7 enters largely into the new doctrine. Whereever there is mysticism, t':iere will be found this suggestive numeral. The Apocryphal beast had 7 heads, Ma o net's heaven 7 departments, and Christendom 7 champions. Among sins there are 7 of peculiar deadlines^ — among psalms the same number of searcbingly penitential ones. Even through the mazes of human law this same erratic integer wantons. . The British Par liament is a 7 -year one ; the woman who loses her husband for a like period is free to take a fresh ticket in the matrimonial lottery ; while tho missing spouse — should he have consoled himself with a fre3h venture before the septennial limit— is likely as not gets 7 years to think the matter over. In brief, theosophy, according to Mr. Williams, consists of 7 planes or conditions successively rising above one another like shelves in a dresser. Man is still on the lower shelf, and has been for some time — in fact, ever ^ since he vaulted over tbe fence separating instinct from reason. How much longer he will remain there depends mostly on himself. From present indica tions he appears to have come to stay, possibly on the pr inciple that it is more prudent to live with the person he knows than wiin the one he doesn't. Judging, however, by recent incursions into the domains of telepathy, ghost- photographing, hypnotism, clairvoyance, dreamland, and spirit rapping, as well as by sundry flounderings in the moat that encompasses the citadel of the ' fourth dimension,' be may soon get a lift, and wake up some morning to find himBelf on the second plane, whence he'H bo able to see farther and clearor. On what he'll see from the top one, should he reach it before the sun goes out, it would at present be idle to speculate. Even in this life many men seemingly reached the second stop, but they were the flowers of the race — the gifted ones who towered above their fellows like mammoths among mice, and gave us Iliads, JEaeids, Inferno®, Faults, Lcars, and Lockslcy HiJls. Others again, even in Australia, have tried both prose and poetry so as to get a rise, but their eiforts merely brought them selves and thoir readers deep down into the original chaos below the seventh plane. Mrs. Besant, a woman of marvellous grasp and fascinating personality, who promises to visit Australia towards the end of the year, is foremost among English theosophists. Indeed, she may be con sidered tho high priestess, although her cogitations on mundane matters .are incomparably more lucid and telling than those on the Mahatma sub ject. So long as her great co- worker, Bradlaugh, lived, his strong guiding hand kept her to affairs terrestrial. Since his death she has stepped out far and fast. She may br.ng theosophy within Australian ken when she comes. At present it is in the clouds. * * * * Through the. gloom of our labour and financial troubles comes at last a gleam of light — a gleam that will bring gladness to many a colonial house hold. The title of 'honorable' accorded to 60 many Australasian worthies who have ehed lustre on our publio life is to be recognised throughout the broad British Empire. Hitherto this high appellation has not had fair play. It was cribbed, cabined, confined, and circumscribed. It was limited to- the place of its birth, like a Russian serf under Nicholas, or an English husbandman under the Tadors. New South Wales might create honorables by the score ; but Victoria scoffed at their pretensions ; wH^ Queensland, South Australia, and other members of the great southern confraternities reviled. The same with similar distinctions conferred by our neighbours : .they were recognised within the limits of their respective provinces, but not a step beyond. When it was sought to transfer them to England, Canada, India,' Africa, or any portion of the world-encircling Anglo- Saxon realm, they invariably went bad on the voyage, and, if not jettisoned by the owner, were promptly thrown overboard by the public. But the irritating anoihaly of having to drop a title through merely stopping over a parallel of latitude or fall ing across a meridian exists no longer. :The trade mark which but yesterday was disregarded or even ridiculed when its possessor ventured to cross the Murray in a punt or go schnapper- fish- ing beyond the three-mile territorial limit is to day a legal tender wherever the Union Jack bellies to the breeze or men salute each other ia the speech of Shakespeare. Now is the time for eomo Burke or Debrett to arise and write tho names of the fortunate ones in a golden book with jewelled clasps. Necessarily and unhappily there will be some blanks in tho ' suggested volume — some spaces which can only be filled 'when those en titled to have their names recorded are at liberty to do so. The change, however, like all other changes, is not without its dangers. P erad venture the time is drawing nigh when honorables, from their very abundance, will come to be looked upon j as Italian counts, German barons, or American colonels. In spite of the cynio's smile or the mis anthrope's sneer, tho wh le question of titles is a curious one — as curious and profound in its way as human nature itself. It is in the Sove reign's power to make all her male subjects peers and all her female ones peeresses. Perhaps the readiest way out of this daily-increasing difficulty regarding titles would be for our gracious monarch to exercise her royal prerogative, and so by a stroke of the pen remove all heartburnings. When Cromwell said, ' Affairs will never be right till your Lordship is plain Mr. Montagu,' he probably inverted the order of things. Had he said, ' The Emgjre will ba at peace when all its citizens are paord,' he would have gone straight to the bull's-eye. « * * * At the military smoke-welcome given in Sydney on Tuesday, night to the new Major- General, the letter's speech and that of Sir George Dibbs were the successes of the evening. What a modern Major-General should know is humorously and a little maliciously described by the author of tiie 'Bab Ballads.' It was tho Germans that set the example of founding a school of general officers of encyclopaedical knowledge — captains acquainted not alone with the topography of every European country and the infections of every European tongue, but with the details of every campaign, from Caesar's in Gaul to Roberts's in Afghanistan. The officers of this rank who served under Wellington and Soult in the Penin sula, and who did good work with the bayonet and the old flint- lock, would shiver at the very mention of the accomplishments of their present-day re Sresentatives. The ignorance of some of Napoleon's eutenants, and even of the graat chief himself, of things bejond rough military details, was re markable from a modern standpoint. This ignor ance is amusingly referred to in recent memoirs, which allude to the incredulity expressed by some French commanders when told that the height of mountains or the breadth of rivers ' could be measured without ascending the former or crossing the latter. Military smoke-meetings are of two kinds. I've attended both, and prefer those where nothing unsightly remains . on the ground at the finish. k Archibald Forbes says that four men out of five lose their, heads and, if left to themselves, would rely more on legs than arms when bronght for the first time under a Bmart fusillade. I'm inclined to believe him. For of all unpleasant experiences — half- bewildering and half-maddening — the being raked by a searching musketry or artillery fire is about the most uncomfortable, especially when you can't see the inconsiderate people who are having all the fun. Ton feel instinctively that you've no business there, and that the man who invented gunpowder was no friend of yours. Nor are grotesque incidents wanting. There, for instance, are to be seen a couple of honest lads sheltering themselves behind a canvas stretcher which a toy arrow could pierce ; while a barrack room bnlly suddenly remembers his prayers, and, not alone says them without a hitch, but also with a fervour which proves their sincerity. It is a grave mistake to conclude that persons who are nervous or restless under their baptism of fire are necffsarily cowards. It is the novelty of the situation that bewilders, and frequently those who but yesterday shrank or trembled will unflinchingly face a battery to morrow. ' A little blood-Letting will cure them of that,' said the German officer of his wavermg brigade, and he wasn't wrong. Strange, too, to see how often impulsive and even irritable men be come calm, self -possessed, and determined as tho ranks are thinned. The fact is, no person knows how he'll behave in the face of danger till he tries. 