GENERAL EXTRACTS. I hoard the other day (Bays a ■writer In “ Truth ”j a good story of Mr Ohaunoey Depow, who iB regarded by liia country men ns tlicir best nftcr- dinnor speaker. Somo one said to him : “ We are getting tirodof your spoeehos. A man has only to put a coin in tho slot when ho gots a dinner,and tlion up comes tho speech.” “ That," re plied Mr Depow, “ is tho difference betwoon you and me; with you the coin produces a speech, and then up comes the dinner.” It was a clover specimen of Frenoh courtly wit (pays “ Piccadilly ’’) that story recently told in tho Pnrii “ Figaro " of tho roply of Admiral Itleunior to the Queen of Italy when alio recently visited tho French man-of-war La Formidable In the Admiral’s cabin tho Queen romarked a long list of tho officers of the Hoot enclosed in a handsome frame of tho porlod of Oharlos X,, nnd contain ing among its other ornaments a regal I orown. Above this, however, she noticed the portrait of President Oarnot. “ And how doosyour President like to bo placed so near thiB omblom ?” asked tho Queen with a smilo as she pointed out.the cir cumstance. “ Do has no objection, ■ promptly replied tho Admiral, “ for does not your Majesty pcrcoivo that his crown is at his fcot.” What is known in Russia (writes an Odossa correspondent) as tho wolf season commences with tho early autumn and continues until late in tho Bpring. The last year for which statistics ot the depre dations committed by the wolves- are given are sufficiently remarkable. Da too year alone, according’to Jhedabe' r oarofully collected by provincial gover-' nors, tho total loss of domestic animals by. wolves amounted to 800,000 head, valued at 8,000,000 roubles, which is abouk’ equal to ono year’s wolf-tax revenue. As an uvidence that the number of wolves does not appreciably decrease, the Government of Olonotz is cited whore wolves and bears destroyed in 1875, 0785 head ; in 1880,5322 , in 1885, 5156 j and in 1889, 5,600. In none of tho above-mentioned' Governments does . the number'ef wolves annually destroyed averngo more than one hundred, and these aro gonornlly the younger arimals not yefc trained to the crafty tactics of the oldei wolves and pack loadors. An exoiting incident is roported from Bordeaux. A travelling menagerie had established itself in tho outskirts of the city near tho Pare ot Jardiu d’Acclimatation. During tho feeding-time one of tho lions managed to evade tho kcopors and escape from its cage. It ran down the bonis vard, to tho consternation of the passers-by, and suddenly turned ■ into ■ by street. Hero it attacked a horse, seizing it by tho neck. The horse, harnessed to k bay cart, plunged and kicked, and the police began firing with their rovolvcrs at the Hon, which, howovor, was not injurod, fores soon, as it had had its Gil of horseflesh, it turned to continue its promenade. A young man thon endeavored to lasso tho beast, ana at longth lodged tho nooso about the neck of* the lion, which was thon dragged, half strangled, back to its dun.—“St. James'* ' Gazette.” Dr Bice, who lias been visiting the publio schools in various large cities of' thoUnited States, paying special attontion to tho capacity of tenohers ns revealed in tho examination of pupils, sketches th* following scene,' which he himself wit nessed in a school in CincinnatiIn on* of tho pieces road tho word “ merchant npponrod.; “-What is a morchant l1' th* toachor inquired, after one of tho children • had-read the word; “ A" morclmnt is *' tailor,” answored one. “ A morchant is * - man who keops dry-goods stores,"- said another.! “ A merchant iB a man whab buys cheap and. kip sell dear;”-rennrrls*il’ ““ a third. -At last a littlo boy, with • triumphant air, oriod out: “ A merohantn is a man what soils goods.” The teach** corrected none of these mistakes m lan-’ guago; but when one of the children hacS1 read tho sontonco, “ I broko the glass and I will pay for it,” tho teacher said, “What mistake did ho mako 1” “Teaohor,” nnsworod one, “ho saidk * glass,1 and he ought a’ said ‘ glars.’ " “Right,” said the teacher. AnotheB • scene was in a Buffalo school. When all was quiet, one of tho pupils called" out, •• I ain!t got no ruler.” In nnswee to this tho teaohor, without correcting th* child’s language, said, “ You don’t need a ruler. Do It tho way you ‘done1 it yesterday.” . Here is a ghost story whicli (says th* London correspondent of tho Manchester •• “ Courier”) may bo commonded to th* • Psychical Socioty. A gentleman arrived ' ono evening on a visit for tho, first Urn* to an old country house. Ab ho wa* going upstairs to change for dinnor, ha observed an elderly man, dressed >■ in tho costume of tho eighteenth century, come down ono passage, walk along another, and enter an - open door. Tho oocurrenoo struck him ns being peculiar, and at' dinner ho men tioned it to ono of tho daughters of the heuso. Sho appeared much interested, . and questioned him minutoly as to th* features and costumo of tho apparition Later in tho evening ho was takon Into a. room, led up to a picturo and asked, “ Da you soo any resemblance 1" Tne likeneu was exact, and ho then learned that th*: oiiginal of the portrait was an admiral who had diod in his country’s service In • 1720 or thereabouts. Still inoro strangely,, tho gallant Bailor lind been reported to • “ walk ” about 50 years ago, but had ap parently edasod his peripatotio habit* until seen by this perfoot stranger. ■' 