"HOW SHALL1 WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION 1 " Now, which' is' the' .worse— to have no appetite or your dinner, or t'o have no dinner for your ppetite ? There are lots of people on the one. side or the other of thia question;4 When " good diges- tion waits on appetite aud'bealth on both, that is the' ideal altitude of a person towards -his meals. . But most of us are not blessed in, that way'; we either Have too' much' food without an' appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this uestion differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits,, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who , ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of. " alterations and repairs." . ,To illustrate. We recently received a communi cation in which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against, .the . . nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. . He says, " In the year 1889 I changed : my work from railway porter to signalman. I l ad been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles "of ../diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say- to them. -Ons thing was like another, and . none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath waa offensive and my appetite poor, with through the cheat and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything, -then I wai greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it Would ohoke me." . Ws cannot wonder that under these eiroum- ataaoes' our fneud failed to do justice to his meals. Ha adds that there waa what he calls " a pricking sensation" at his heart, aB though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at timea he waa attacked with spatms, the a6ony of which waa so severe that the. sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," hs Bays, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal I made, for I wis afraid to cat. - " After a time I got into a low, weak, nervouB condition; and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a gtod deal of sleep." - What he means by the fear oi " something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, suoh as the loss of his position, his own death, or the' death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life beirer). his uustrung nerves, and to tha brain en-'eeble 1 by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full o! ghosts and goblins; the creatures of a restless and un- governed imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for 1 had a wife and family depending on me. 8o I struggled on, but what 1 suffer ja for over two years is past' my powers of description. I am aure no one has s'uffeied ao much as I have done." ...... , , ,, In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and ia always harder to bear than ia one's notion of his neighbour'afcain. Then is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. .Well, thejwriter finally mentions that after all medical treatment had ltfc him where it fonnd him he chanced to read in a book of a case ' exactly like his 'own' hiving been onred by Mother Seigel's Syrup. My wife," he sayB, " got mi a bottle at Mr Langs taff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned iinos that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. 1 have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven vestrs. (Signed) " Geobge Hnsi, : " l ar Bottom Road, . . " Apperley Bridge, near. Leeds.'. ' We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, in' order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 