Notes of the Week. sk The s.s,iTaiwan is .notified to I wive Hongkong to-day. The s.S. Chaugsha leaves Sydney tq;morrow. / T.he ss Darwin is due from Singa- pore on Sunday. The Cable Company's ss Sherard ' Osborne arrived on Wednesday morn- ing. ' Captain Bennetts,.rniana£ïerrifor the .Jensen Gold Mining Company,* * re ,turned to tlie Territory by the Catter- thun, ., l~ A cricket *match, " Catterthun (past and present) versus Palmerston, was played on the'Oval on Monday, result- ing in a somewhat easy win for the locals. ' ' Jl- ? ' -, '' ' I!' .j Mr. Gilbert has moved in .the House of Assembly "for leave to introduce a Bill for, an Act to amend the Licensed Victuallers ,Act, 1801, so far as -it relates to Sunday closing and for other purposes." ,,. ¡, Exports ex Catterthun : Box gold, valued at £570, shipped'.by. "Wing Wall Loon«» ; 797 'buffalo brides, and 'tä1 bass dried fish. . The assignment of Bernard Murphy, of, the Katherine, is a disagreeable token of the state of the times in-the far north, and it will surely be a. matter for .general regret that a man who stuck to his guns-like the popular Katherine business man through years of .depression should at last have to yield up the ghost. . Without enquir- ing too closely into the causes which have led to this failure, we venture the opinion that Maude Creek gold specu- lations was the rock on which Mr. Murphy perished. The estate has been assigned to MivTwinem, of the firm of P. R. Allen & Co., for the benefit of creditors. The attention of the speculative public is diiected to the fact that early in the month the Melbourne agent of the Mutual Freehold Property Distri- bution Society of Sydney was fined at Melbourne District Court for selling tickets in the Society's lottery. By this we inft-r that the chance of ob taining " an income for life for £1 " is considerably remote. The with- drawal of the advertisement relating to the distribution is suggestive. . Sir Henry '»Payees to South Aus- tralia":-" The coast, line of New South Wales is not/more than 680 miles, that of Victoria '600 miles, and .your coastline and that "of the Nor- thern Territory is about 2000 miles, but the sooner yon get rid of the Northern Territory the better. I think you will be in a fair way of getting rid of it if you ate federated." ? i George Adams, the sweep promoter, was responsible for, taking a good many hundreds, of pounds out of the 'Temtory from time to time ior his -monster consultations. . Sometimes we captured a.cash prize, but more often - were only near it. Mr. Solomon has moved " for leave 3to introduce-a Bill for an Act to amend the Northern Territory Gold -mining Act, 1873, the Gold-Mining Act, 1885," the Gold mining Act Amendment Act, 1886, and the Nor- thern Territory Mineral Act, 1888." Tlje natu/e of the proposed amend- ments is not known. r ' . On the Chinese Question, Sir Henry Parkes, in his great speech on Feder- ation last month, hazarded the following .opinions:-?" I -don't think it is a baseless suspicion that the thoughtful leading men of' the Chinese Empire I are at this moment looking round the face of the earth to see whether they could not found a new China, and although I am not a military man I dare « venture to say if ..the Chinese .effected a çafe lodgment of some of . their.,people in certain portious of Australia, and given ,the unoccupied ^territory it would , be extremely .difficult to dislodge them. I shall not hesitate*to." state that as my opinion, and I have spoken to persons much more capable of forming an opinion upon that question, and they agree with me, that if in any wide neglected States-that is the nominal territoiy of Western Australia - a Chinese colony is founded you will have the greatest difficulty to dislodge them. It is necessary, at all events, to legis- late for ,rhe protection of' the popu- lation of these'colonies against inferior races. One colony cannot do it effec- tually, and that is shown hy the con- flict lietwe.cn the laws of our respective colonies. A federated Par!ia tuen t could do it effectually, and it is only hy it that it could he done effectually. Invalids who require «stimulants can s.ifely- j rely upon Wolkk's txçn.N.vrrSj lie certain * tiley get Woi.p;\ Mr. G. W. Moore (Goldsbrough, Mort & Co.) will visit Singapore, and' probably Hongkong and, Mauila, before returning to Melbourne.) . . ! . , The principal male>< charn,cte.i«s ¡in " Weak Woman " will be represented by Messrs. li. Ú. S. Buckland,* H. J. B Carbery, and P. R. Freer, three of our best amateurs. The Society does not appear to be able to put up any- thing better than farces, but if it desires to hold its prestige, and not be crowded out by another society, it will have to change its tactics and fly at higher game, and keep moving, too. Where drama is handicapped hereis, of course, in not being able to secure the assistance of ladies. The Commissioner of Public Works has informed Mr. Solomon that he had not heard'that the'.'Rail way Conii»&' sioners had' given instructions to 'dik miss. the European gangara on the Palmerston 'and Pine Creek railway'. Perhaps Mr: Solomon will now 'ask whether instructions lui ve been gi'vuen to reduce the gangs by one-half, 'and' whether, in view of ' wet seasons stich' as we experience, such a procceèfiïig might not be extremely, dangerVW to trafile. He might go further .sih'd' ask why was house accommodation provided for 12 or 14 gan«s if houses for six were sufficient: Furthermore^ Mr. Solomon ought to learn front"the Commissioners whether, when there'is' rio earthly risk'to traffic 'and'a'ganger is ten minutes late to Work, instant dismissal is the common penalty. He might then ask how the salt got into the reservoir (constructed on a man-! grove flat;) from jwrhich the general supply for the' 2^-ibile workshops is derived: and-whether the said reser- voir is to be provided with a condenser] Lastly, our senior* member should und out if any ^useless expenditure is bri the' paysheets of the.European gaiigei«s¿'ór " oír those-referring to the head office iii Palmerston. * Ub:J The Jensen CorrtpîtnyTtaTtS&TfclSrusli; ing'pn Wednesd|iVlas| *3J&-$0JM»4î of sfampers. ~ It^f^SbtïaP Wffier the management willJet the ¿pubjjjc here knomthe resultsof the¡cle»J¡n¿S: ? In; the early stages of the CotopanV's' operationb wè applied''for a^m^'hager'a11 report from ,tmie tO[ time, for^jmblie-j ation, but that application ft remains unanswered up< to ; the*' prèse*rit| dayl All that the outside publié 7sire ¿certain ! " * . *.'i< t. *u n '.*?'"' ,!ÍI- v>} :,'i;- * ? about is that the, Company is pushing. in machinery, .but. we haive. seen this; sanie thing done so :often before, 'aind1 * T' ' «j t- - general ly'.Svitlí disastrous results,'.that we" are not easily moved-to enjthusiasm.. , Wè most ¡sincerely trustt: tinut Jjmsen's wilî go ahead and! prosper,; but iinejr we know,something.,.jniore áí}o.u't'"ii, th^. public w:iJLJbe;fjps^iued.,in,.>regajrdwg -it. ,'witli Caution, f. "fJ: ," T Aiir.iJ.'l si iiJ^n-. .. ¡Mr. Gramger, in a spirit,pt playful».., ness, has asked the House whether, iii view of the present trend of politics, women will be allowed to serve on juries. At this the House laughed, but after all it's no more a laughing matter than extending the political franchise to the softer sex. "" The-adjourned goberai meeting of shareholders in the Pine Creek. Pros- pecting and Mining Company was held on the 21st instant. No new business was dealt with and the meethtef was further adjourned to Thursday "next, 5 th October. ,:.,.: )>?. .i . ' ' i .>;.-. , Rpgardsing the market pripe, of pearl! shell, Mr. Hunte Black, the' 'special agent of the Queensland GO'ffcrnriieHt,1' authoritatively states that,,¡altíhoügl) there has been a considerable: fall,in; the London price for Queensland ¡slïellj the: decrease - is due'.to jtnW'^i'àr^ëçP character'of the shell se^t';itor,'rpiiflíe't,,] Shell of,the old quality, is ¡stilli worth from £9 to ¿610 per cwt.^w'hile what' is classed as the new variety^äoes not fetch more than ¿£5 <$jl&7,MBe£nJ^k the inferiority of the lowtp*icridi.artic!le. being due to a partita4ar%itti* *bf3 bed. in which it; grows: ItfA'tó^ió«1, we might remark that^J^^iir^ij,. shell has ..always sold- to .satisfaction.'j ,but it will be well, nevertheless; for the pearling community to wafchand enquire into these nice,.htMe, market, discriminations. - . . '.- ¡.-. s- ?.??a*' In ease our medical authorities have not alreany noted the fact, we -take _the liberty'of pointing out thnt, A. ,yery ' severe'epidemic of iiieasles/is causing, á, good deal of anxiety and.many ( in other parts of Australia. Our iiëar: neighbour, Thursday '.'Island, ' is, Very badly struck»' and the loçaTpapen talks. of-16 cases; at iFriday-Island -and a great matiiy^knowiV1 cases at DÎrnlè^: Island.« ,We;riVu^ é;u4éavogr\;ti>jtrji,' vent their introduction .to this poji-t,i }\ The Customs now place their bond opium in No. 2 police cell, secure in the belief that it will take a clever one to steal it from there. But it will be well not to be too sure of that, because Fannie Bay Gaol has been robbed of its fowls before to-day. The last, week or ,t\vo, hast,-produced nothing ¡sensational, in.the.shape.¡of pearling "news. The boats , have ¡ been prospecting :as the,;,tides. suited, 4 and the rewards Itaye not b^jjlisapprjujttT ing, the take.- on, one occasion being j from 200 to 300. pairs each, for(i.the day. Pearling isrjbeconJiing;\a",settled industry,with us. -, . -:.; Aimemo. received from 'Mi% *.'$'.' A/ G. .Little; !on; the1'27ifli'sïàtes'Uafa ' ni;,ui named Charles Sayle left Keilli eis travelling to Tennants Ureek Telegraph. Station on' Sept.' 25th. '"the 'reinâïi.s of Sayle were found on the telegraph line ahout:4 miles north1 of the Mor- phett Creek. . Deceased had evidently died from thirst and had attempted to cut the telegraph wire in order to obtain assistance. The'., body has been duly b"uriticn''i',The'ma.h to'.'whom the above informatipn refers is no cloy ht the Chafes Sayle who, was on relief work in Psiltnerstou two or three years back.' ' '? - ,,,!' .'...' . Mr, and Mrs.-Raymond will be passengers for England;, by tUë,:çai»te. 8tcaftlÇt\ 'Northern patrons of George Adams may feel sadito think'th^tnriie-ghii'y of expecting to win thirty or-forty thous^ and, pounds sterling is gradually but sorely vanishing, ThejGovernment of New,South; Wales Uias'-taken George in hand'and'is just now-pulling a very tight rein on;bimi. .'¡The following par. from the Australasian of August 26th will help to explain the situation : " I suppose the sweeps are now finally done with. Last week the Post-office authorities in Sydney published a pro- clamation,, setting forth that in future letters addressed to any of the known promoters of consultations will neither be registered .nor-delivered. George Adams is mentioned im.- two places as being a man the public > must refrain from communicating with. A number of other names are given: and- in the iii * (ist,are> included several<íwIiose¡,fani«. . Ti ad "'not.*, reached to: this part o¥ 4heï world." ' Another authority : mentions ' Geo. Adams, Tattersalls, Adam 'Bede, Gala, H. Alexander, Star,¡Confidence, M.Y. or MaJoney,>jMbinager,e/o..R. H. Atkinson, JEv, J. de Bomford: and H. . T. Cosgrove ! of Tatts" Totalizator, as ' addresses.- »which«.are ; excommunicated by the Sydney» Post ^Office. ? Adams lias played ¡a /trump hy i shifting .his u sweep " address to ! Brisbane, but the Queensland Government is inclined toi set its legislative wheels in .motion to circumvent George consultation guns.. If ¡Adams goes on with the business of. sweep ¡promoting we inay feel sure that'the altered con .ditjon of things will materially affect the prize totals.;. It will, however, .take' something! more .than the non delivery .of.« letters' to, i wipe out the public thirst, for a gamble, now and then'on the sweep.«principle, .and-one of'tjie effects s of ithe . new legislation will,surely-¡be, to create a« lot of small ^lqcakcphaultiubions,« where .the, sovs. or 'naii-sovshmay: be handed to: the pro ' moter personally. It is a stiff contract to malrç0.ft i^t.ion r, nure ..by, ¡act of Parliament,15n)iY,hp -knows hut what Adams^iayvsqnd.out travelling,agents to coljeqtj^he^ppinj,.which,the Postal ajuthorities'deeljne to, hand over to him. And» after all, Adams' sweep is quite ate for l'ú lf$he>£loimtTy" isithe title ©f a new. Adelaide; Meekly--nvliichi ?has .. {béen set; gtíirti»,. sdJÍA'r iisitvfcetca» learn, to pro- tect'"Conservati ve humanity and smite tbe.-.Labpr,jPYtrjty-.^nd expose mock liberalism. jtjt..wiil treat,,of matters political,,.social, commercial, pastoral, ^and'agri.cul.turiil,,?' fijçini a conservative .point > of view, but without bias in ; favor !of any section or, class of'Ahe -böniniuuiW, {¿nd'if'-it'can manase - $j$cotàr;fet!mnt .other party1 oVgán «'as ever1 sù'cceeded . ¡in performing. The' Country is buta bud yet in size, is priced at a penny, and the registered proprietor is Mr. > Thomas, Harry. Theiss Catterthun arrived on Satur- day from .southern ports. She liad a ; tew passengers and a large cargo for this" port, and did not leave- for the ; j North until Tuesday evening. ~" Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Hendry arrived in the Catterthun, both well and hearty, after their .brief absence in other lands. It goes without saying* that' old friends promptly rallied round j the/popular pair and extended them a cordial 'Welcome back to the N.T. A-'trip-lió 'England- was one of the, 'enjoyments fof Mr.yHendry's' holiday, ,ânij', being [ti, thorough sport'thèsiglit^pf IsinglassWinnihgi'tfie' Derby did-him a !'Worid pfigOQd,'íeveñtlióbgli one'of his 'hi'^s did get badi jp *'welshed " over it. H.e¡. entirely5 agréés >. willi tis that Isinglass is a better ¡horse'than Tim:v 'tl,'J& motaon-:'puti'before < the S.A. ..Assembly-'' by -Mri' Brooker arid' nU -joiirtied'"till 'Octdber 4th reads: '".Tjhatîn'-v-iew- of the ¡large number of /^ne-Énployed-ínor''employe of the Govern iment iior any employe working on any .'conbracts .fprfchB Government .shall l>e i4fflqWed.to^.w.ork,more than forty-eight ..lifers pßr. week.". .Up to date the tone of» the «House appears to be-against sucha uiejasurei|j¡ecoui¡ngiaw« :;.; -nil ' ... A' " Chinese Immigration .Restric tion-Bill,".haß,been introduced t»y Mr. 'W/Griffiths» junior member for-the jjjfgrrjtory, to make .provision} for the ?¡irregularities which we have heard so hauch of lately.' ,-. .¡The new jury measure entitled '? Aw Act'ï for, the , continuance, of certain 'juries, and. .for other- purposes," pro- vides Ithatp; jury jis^s, jurors^books, and .furors' rolls made since the passing of -*r.''Ti»e Jury Act Amendment Act, v lj5§6," Or hël-èaftfer to be made,- shall "continue in bpeVatioh'for 'a ' period of seven years frbrir the making thereof, or for such less period us t'lie-Governor may direct.' Sílice there is''fab' notice to'the contfRryi(wë take it that this. |Äüris tóridjÉtfio óbrate îiïthe Nor ! thèrn Territory.' ' The seven years* continuance,1 h'oweverj will not suit us, because" of the shifty" nature of our population'. "The scarcity of persons qualified i to serve as juryitrenis another ¡point tbat^'bugliiMto jj»e taken into account, and the' day seems ib bei fast! ? approaching'fwheii to ftfrtn à' suffi cíen t. Circuit Court'roll it will be'necessary to' run' ixl - either Civil Servants or Chinamen, or'séñd ¡úpVioujfrt'ry for good iiieh and true. -1 Iii Wriy case it will be .necessary! for ' the Sneriff to ' make re- peated '*ipplications:for the exercise of the gubernatorial " privilege. Two years at riiost'would be nearer the mark for the' term of continuance of juries, «fcc.!,Jliii the'-North.1 Mr. Little intimates that the new Act does upply to the Northern Territory, and that by it the present jurors! rolls are con- tinued for a further term of two years to complete the stipulated seven. The police ve»y properly took our hint in the matter'of Chancellor a¿id. his horse, and " Doctor " has- been suspended from work pending recon- struction,, ' Ask for- Wolve's SjCH'va'fps, and he snre you 'parchase t'bç geu\i,i.eç artjclc. Bçwarç çrf imitations. Railway Revende-r Fur *»\\*eek;. omb^. 5§ç.tçi.nhev g3r4-£35ét " That old »Northern'Territory: crane joke has; been id raggod'into the light of. day again, and -the?«Hôtisé has just lately been. ¡regaled; with' full par ticulars.' The«-story- '. goes b;ick". to u. date in IS89, when Mr. Parsons tele graphedvfor " at least one steam-hoist to admit speedy lauding and shipping cargo at railway jetty." A month later he asked for-a "-traveiling steam crane." After a good deal of enquiry til*» Government: purchased a hoist for £230 and shipped - it to the Territory. The next chapter -wa-s a telegram from Mr. Parsons stating - " Steam-hoist useless. Requisition was hoist with travelling crane ; it is also secondhand. Respectfully, -state quite i. ti me stop sending half-worn-out things- to the Territory. Shall I ship back.?*' Then it was discovered that we had a Roby: hoisting.-engine-lying .idle here-. that could he->rnade ¿o serve: as travelling crane at acostof £50 ^ and that £50 was duly [authorised to1 be spent. Iii, September, 1890, the late Mr. Knight,' who succeeded Mr.- Parsons,- managed to get the lioist re-shipped to Adelaide, and he subsequently asked that all the. debits in ?connection with'the steam hoist should', be -'tsfiurged .'to South Australia proper;'. The then-Minister, however, ' answered hy' directing, that: the hoist shouldibe soldito1 theiliestiud-. vantage. on o ¡behalf <. of-vthe Territory: A year later' Mr.' Sb;i«d examined the interesting propertyimd' valued it at. £70, and soon- -afterwards the. hoist was sold for £75 Iii-The story Icon cludes with, the (intimation, that» the Northern' Territory is credited« with. the amount realized, ibutunt'ortuit-itely nothing, is said of -theidifiurence be-, tween the..buying iihd- delivering-cost of £300-and- the sèllingnprice of £75.j The whole thing;is a-very disagreeable reflection on the way South 'Australia! has been " managing "v.the. tinaricial affairs oftl|e »Territory,' brit it is. only one instance:of rnany. ,' .w,;'. In regard to the escape from Fannie Bay gaol we are informed by by the Deputy Sheriff that "the case of the escape of the three aboriginal prisoners from the gaol is being dealt with." arrangements have been ltfade.for the. ss Darwin to make three more trips to the McArUiur«.River..«.l/Che approxim- ate sailing]i dûtes larc ¡October« «31 st,1 January :31st, 1-891, and April vîOth^ 1894\. >. >'t.i. . ?-!'/! - - i >,.,-. It may be taken as à'sign-of return- ing confidence in 'the paWnbroking: business of Australia that the Victorian loan of two millions ' lias7 been over- ? subscribed., '' ' '' ' ; ' ' It is not an unlikely, prospect that we shall soon.be without a mau ¡service _ r_! , .1 T ii«'!,/ «'(' JJ l¡ J! Î*. .1' to Portt'JJ! ¡irwin, at all. \Veff|aye, been , officially ¿avise«! ¿hat the E. and A.' Company has given notice to termin- ate the contract for the conveyance of . nfails between Port Adelaide and Port Darwin on the expiration of six mouths ending February 23th, 1894 The prevailing impression is that this is a little bit of bluff, meant as a protest i against our Chinese immigration laws; I -hut on the other baud it may well be .doubted if in these depressed days the mail service does not entail greater duties and more expense than is recom- pensed by the contract and the per- quisites which . atteud it. «That the Company pirojmse§',to>abandon this port , entirely ¡.^Mcfeifib care to- believe,,but, that the number of steam.ers-sent this way will l»e .greatly reduced", vee may,, feel pretty, certain-.«,. It «ínay happen that when this ^old-establisdied) service is discontinued ?,the Pooali) authorities will' be more, inclined to fav^c-a s-nrvice from Thursday Island, via,'/the lioper.; and Macarthur,rivers«. ,l> .;j«y -?, -,,. é VVyndhamites are ¡much jüceiis.ed; at, the protracted delay t Í that; is . being ( experienced .in gelling thej .promised, cattle yards erected,:andia pnblic,meet-; ing was held recently to.prpt the official torpidity., ,, .ol-i*!« ,.-j .. j The death of Constable ¿olli'ns -adds another sony tragedy ' td°*hë- 'already1' long list or murders perperratefl'by the) natives of East' Kiii..>erh«yl « TK Dockerellhauging had'bot" little, effect after all. .« U .< j-j. -- ?. inn ''ni It is related of the' reteeirt'American" Derby that »it took'one hour and 40 .minutes''tb start'the'horses'.'" ?<-. ?" -' .Botlî Houses gave Ministers á sô'od roasting over the petty expenses ex posure alluded to' iii 'these "columns a few weeks'ago, Vnd' the-' am using part of it wi-s to find ! só many members explaining the situation so far as they personally were concerned. " It is, .important ..¿that . owners of horses here should know,that the most generally accepted.-theory with regard to the strange d/ëa]thsi J. J. Symes!, -ïiorsçs assigns ¿he cause of death as occurring from poison picked up/iu their, yard- There is. a berry which has ,beeti/^cultivated, to some extetit'.in many, of, our gardens, particularly;in the yardi of the Club. Hotel, and which is-said to contain ^.poison inNdfihgerp^Sj'.quantities^ . the juice of the milkwood; is also said to lie * a deadly-;poison. ¡Bptlijuthese were growing in Mr. Symes'; yard, and his horses were, frequently .fed where blos- soms, leaves,, .bernies,, ..or, stalks from, the trees might easily get mixed with . the corn¡and. be thus.taken into .the,, system of the horse,. The theory is a, very reasonable one, and whether it applies in this case or not it at all events offers a hint to horse owners to l»e careful what they permit.to grow in the paddocks where their,- animals are confined. We learn from the Post Office that the ss Taiwan, which is expected to leave Hongkong about October 3rd, will call at Port Darwin as the contract mail steamer, instead of the ss Airlie." ' Deafskssaxd-Noises in thb'Hka'd cured at the patient's home. This illustrated edition also tie ita on the cute of Catarrh, bronchitis, Asthma, Extreme Stoutness, Indigestion, Dyspepsia,- Rheumatism, hy Medico - Electricity.-4d. Biuunr, Pub- lisher, 20, Rathbone-placc, London, W.C. Call for Wolfe's Schnapps: It is the only genuine brand, ge certain you get WoefjkV, The Sherard,X)sl»oi;ne is to leav.e for Singapore on S^tujrd-iy. * . An electoral levision 'Court<'is'fixpd for'Suturday, the 30th',"at 10 alni.' ' 'A terribie murder is' reported from Carcoar in -'New South Wales. ? A stock and station agent'named Glasson has been arrested on suspicion, and the evidence certainly looks black against him. Mr. Wood, M.L.A. : " He had him- self worked for twelve months in the Northern Territory, and had to cook as well as do his own blacksmithing. It was all nonsense to: say that Euro- peans could not work jn the Territory. We have received a reprint of an illustrated supplement to, a special number of the Garden and Field which forms an exceedingly, interesting and handsome prospectus. The letter press gives an outline of the aims'.aud plan of work adopted by,Way .College and particulars of the rapid growth of the institution since, its opening. From these we learn that the number of boarders has increased, each.,term to a most satisfactorv extent, until, the accommodation is better filled than at any other training college in the, colony. The most prominent as well as the most attractive feature of the prospectus ,js, a,, series»,of excellent views of jijie college reproduced from photographs, showing the main build- ing ; a class at bench work inwood; the mechanical drawing and agronomy lecture room ; an interior view of a 'schoolroom ; , views of an agronomy plot and a blacksmith's shop, as well as of a dormitory splendidly provided for. and dining rooin-, fitted;.for- 70, or-80 persons. From a glance at the pictures arid, a perusal of ,the;,letterpress , the id,eâ"is at ©nee suggested that; the Way College is a very excellent institution for the rising youth to commit himself to' for a Mepurse of useful practical instruction. ,.,,_ 