AMUSEMENTS. - THE DRAMA,' &0\. " The pantomime season is drawing to n close, and, all tilings considered, the management, b'o'tlf of tho Priucc-sB's Theat re and of tliu Royal, havo no reason to regrot thoir enterprise. The represen tation of Ail Baba might ho accepted as a Gaiety burlosque of tho firet order, but with more solid matter, and. with more than the mcro objeot of amusing. Thoro was scarcely a department of tho stags that wae not laid undor tribute in this popular entertainment, and eaoh was made to do duty in that elyio of prinoely magnificence and liberality for'which tho firm of Williamson and Miisgrbve are admittedly distinguished. The only regret is that thoy do not aeem to ro- gard the drama as deserving of tho Bamc qon- sideratibn, . or, more qorreotiy Bpeakitig, thoy do not consider it at all,' Thoy oonfesaedly conduct their undertakings on thoroughly buiiincss prin ciples, and though thoy do, hot proolaim aloud tjiat ShaWepcarc spells ruin and'tlie old EngliqU dramatists insolvency,, yet it is unfortunato for jilay goors that they should regard with apprehension, any independent siiecutation in tlio sphere of tho logitii'natq." When' an actor like Mr. Bohtlby ;. oomcs along, .aiiil'.tliefbhai>-' pens to." to'" nothing 'partibular on ho; has: no difiioulty ih' getthig n: " show," and so' far 'its all thii available 'aceoosorics'arc oon- enr'ned; thoro Is never anything to complain'of. Still thofaot remains ; that' ihe : ti uo'fortb' of the manngemont ofMhe Prinboss's is the roinnntio and pioturesquo extravaganza, or oomio opera. Thoir oxporicnco teaches that it will sometimes pay when the glqrions tieasures of.Eugland's greatest, drainatista : are passed heedlessly by. Victorians are hot singular iii tliis rcspoot. The theory applies with equal .force' to England and as to America, it is indisputable tliat Ihera thb stage may be said to have reached its lowest form ; of ; vulgarity and debasement.' London oan still point with'pndo to the Lyceum, where Shakspearo flourishes like a ' green bay tree and ean boast that thero is ono thedtro at least that has kept ; the sacred . flro burning; and until quite rcoontly we might also have pressed the claims of tho Bijou to jiro-omineiico in the oultivatioii of tlio dramutio art, in its highest son'se, whilo the other houses wero. devoted aiihost ekolusivoly tb'tlie worship of Moinus. It must libwover 'bo Baid that .' '.whatever' tlio Frinocss's Theatre is associated with, the puhlio are woU:served;: : Thb"- entertainment, may only amuse' or oxoito ' wonder ' by the perfection ofstagc oarpentry, upholstery and mechanism, but these at' least leavo nothing to be desircd. ' And people.witl 'have' this sort- 'of: tiling,' and what. is. more will havo no otlicr, ' at least in payablq quantities. In periods.- of; public; calamity buoU as .. tho .. general ; commercial atriiigenoy that prevails at tho present time, it is the relaxation of lau'glitcr-iuduoiug farce urprctty- entertainiii'g opera, bouffe' that 'tho 'man of biuines will seek as an escape from tho ''cares' and anxieties of the counter or tlio factory,: This tendency has been doveloped into a cult since the advont "of'tho Gaiety Cumpaiiy under Fred Leslie and Nbllio Farrcn, and Mr. Lonncn has worthily lifted the'mantle of the former and takes his plaoo upon tlio boards.' . Ho may not. havo yet reached .tho professional ataturo of his predecessor. He is still comparatively young, and humanly speaking there are many years of good work hofoic him, and his capacity for original business is one of tho features of his' style, as manifested in Ali Balm. .'Tlio story upon ' which this has been founded is about the most threadbaro in tho language. ' Tlio comedians olPi many generations have devoted all their efforts' to infuscnew fun into it, until the main incidents wero so overlaid with adventitious features with out , tho least regard: to the: proprieties : dramatically,- so to Bpcuk, That its identity < dwindled down to a inero mattor of uomencla- , ture— that is, it only liqld. its piaco and was known by the names : of the characters. Yet Sir. - Lounen imparted hew life and' fun to the affair, . and sucooeded in' making it the success it proved during tho season from a pautoiiiiuiio poiut of view. Ho was ably assisted / in his efforts by - intiny of tlio other members of the company. Miss Lolhbridgc nover before daubed with such charming ginue; Miss Barry seemed to have doveloped fresh and fascinating powers, and the ' actors picked. up iucully have proved themselves ' not unworthy of suoh excellent leaders. To the various accessories we havo already 'referred in - dutail ; tho sceuciy, dres,cs, dancing, the musio (yocal aini iustiumciital), and tlio improved libretto, have all como under .review, and our - favorablo verdict has been confirmed by the. uti- precedcnlcd success of tlie season. 'The Royal pantomime, Robin Hood; has dis appointed puhlio expectation. Misfortiiiiq at- teiulud it from the start in tho loss ' oi' the ser- 1 vices of Mr. Bla'ud Holt, who was driven into a - brain fever, by the worry and uiixioties incidental to proparing suoh a production for the' stage. '. Over suoh uu ncoidciib tho management could have had no cuutrul, and so far deserves sympathy rather thun censure. 'Tliu withdrawal of Mr. Holt throw tho responsibility upon tlio shoulders of Mr. Gourlay, an .actor nut at all likely to he embarrassed by the want either of men, woinou or material. 'There is not a goutloinsn assooiatcd with The staga who iiossesses more confidence -in his owu pursuliul resources and powers, and when he thinks i t inconvenient to undertake toe much of the business himsoif, he generously shares with his friend and alter coo Mr. Shine. It is usoful to havo men of this; stamp about a theatre, especially where tho culibro of the company, .with a few honorable exceptions, is not very high, hut buifupuory of tho vulgar type is apt very quiokly to pull with . repetition. oYot this and littlo moib, except Mr, Brunton's beautiful scenery, was what the Royal had to give its oupporterB during the season. Mtioh more might have been ncaoin- plished if better use had been 'made; of the materials posBessed by the management. ' The Wild Aborigines, as they aro faootioualy termed, gave an entertainment with their spears -' and boomerangs at'.the Exhibition on Saturday. -' If theso poor oreatures aro not libelled in beiug ; designated wild,, we should like to see a civilised speoiinen of. a Queensland black. "Why, lie., must bo quite au augclio cioaturo, too good , qltogethqi for this wioked. world. ! At! tlio- Waxworks a new sensation is about to 1 be , produced, consisting of an annloss mail, , whose .disability ii in ono' direotion sit least com- , pensated -by the extraordinary doftu'ese with., whioh ho oan ; embroidor; sow and otherwise'; utilise his toes. : Something of tho same naturo has already been seen in Melbourne,' but the performance of " I'edex," as he is eulled, sur- . passes anything before witnessed ! in this dirco- : tioil. . The recent imbroglio behind tho scenes at the -. Royal, over whioh legal prooeedinge.were instl- tuted, has resulted in . the publication of an - ampio . apology to; Miss BashaH,The..'ladyi in-', question, by Mr. IShinc. : ' " The Dnmplor fainiiy havo been touring in' thel North and doing fairly well. Their 'advance ' ogent, -Mr. -Rose, lias- been in Sydney' some.' days endeavoring to arrange for - a' suitable.' tlioatro with a view to hie principal commencing J a dramatio season, in whioh Shakspearian -plays') will form a leading featuro. . It is understoad.tliat at tho'olose of tho Prin-b cobb'b Thcatro pantomiino Mr. Lonneii; Miss : ; Lcthbridgo and other membero of tho Gaiety,- Company wiU nroceed to Sydnoy, wliero In tlio Lyceum Theatre tlioy will have a soason prior I to their final departure, for. London. ' : Mri Franlr Emory is 'engaged forminfe' a. dramatic company for Adolaide. He lms on- ! gaged, the services of seyeral woli known: pppular favorites, inoluding Miss .Watson, Miss Jennie; WnH-Tniiner, MisB Annie Taylor, MisB Polly Emery and Messrs. Sass and Fabert. Miss Nollio Greenloos and MIbs' Warren, two young ladies tolerably, well known on:the boards in Melbourne, recently : arranged for a: tour in ' West Australia. Matters did not ' run smoothly, and the, ghost's walk was riot only uncertain ; but : . disappointing as , to results. Finally, the ladies aro said to havo been, in the nbsoiioc of tlio necessary, funds to obtain' admis- ' sion to a 'Suitable' hotel, obliged to camp out. Ladies of an. adventurous disposition can dare ' much, but, in itlie absence of tlio. sinews of war, their utter, inability to grapple with, unforeseen \- -difficulties soon become apparent. «! ; Mr; Walter Ecntley goes to 1 Adelaide next ; montii, preceded by Mr.. Iiolir as advance agent. ,, Mi-.Bontley'a success in Muorilarid.Js described \- as quite phenomenal.' r .Mr.'Bontley has afforded an instance to the contrary-of the axiom tlint a man wIio i'h his own. lawyer has a fool for his client, " He was sum moned reoently at the Auckland police court -charged with allowing overcrowding at the local . Opora; House 'and undertook suooeBsfully to v defend hia own case. - - A number' of polico gave .emphetie evidence of the offence, but thtfdefen- dant ndvancod the point -that when the prose- cuting constables ' arrived at the theatre they ; saw some people nit tho baok waiting for tho '. ushersi to .place, them in their scats, arid that had tlioy waited only 10 . minutes they, would have found the avenues and baok of the dress ciiolo olear of all obstruction. Evidence was :'alsoiglven thntono of tho constables, was .'.ani- . mated by a spirit of: .retaliation : against Mr. , Lolir, tho manager, who :had somo words with him on the subjeat of overcrowding. . It was further given in : evidence to the effootthat the theatre was lioensed to hold a much larger num ber than were actually present. Mr. Bentley was about to nddresB the court, when the presiding magistrate said he always liked to help laymen when conducting their own. cases. "But, observed the persistent tragedian, VI served my ' nrtioles in a lawyor's office." The magistrate ' apologised, and dismissed the caso. 