THE GOVEIRNOR'S iDEEPAR 'TIURGE. IT is announced that Lord and Lady Jersey contemplate sailing for England about the 4th March, and proceeding home via the Northern route, which will take in Japan, Vancouver Island, and America. Lord Jersey's children will bo passougers to oEg. land by the R.M.S. Ophir, which will sail on Monday, 27th February. In a conversation whibc a representative of the S. M. Herald had with Lord Jersey on Wednesday, his Ex celloncy said that both he and Lady Jersey were very sorry to have to leave the colony. They were both most grateful to the people of this colony for the many kindnesses and hospitalities extended to them. The treat ment which both he and his wife, as well as his family, had received had been most gener ous in every quarter. As to the cause of his resignation, that he had already explained. He had nothing to odd in that regard. It was quite erroneous to suppose that there had been any hitch between himself and his advisors. On the contrary, their relations had been such that no gentlemen could have worked more smoothly than they had done. ministers had done everything in their power to make hisl position easy and satisfactory. There had not been any question at all be tween him and his advisers. It lie might use the term, there was not even the ghost of a foundation for such a supposition. He did not think it was possible for any body of men to have worked more harmoniously. than he and the ministry had done. There was not the slightest reason for supposing that he was leaving because of anything that occurred in New South Wales. It was absolutely neces Nary for him to appoint a man to act as his agent in relation to his Welsh property. He could not appoint such an agent as'ho required by deputy. He could not choose a man by letter. Ho must see the man who was to ful fil such an important position as that of his agent.-It is believed in well-informed circles, says the S. M. Herald, that his Excellenoy contemplated an early return to England when the arrangements were made for Lord Villiors's visit to Australia, and that the re turn has been hastened by Lady Jersey's in. different health. His Excelloucy had an in terview wilth the Speakr of the Legislative Assembly on Wednerday, during which he expressed sincere sorrow that he was leaving New South Wales. His Excellency occupied the president's chair at Wednesday's sitting of the exeoutive council, and in the course of an address spoke of his reasons for retiring, and expressed himself as more than pleased with the excellent understanding and unity which had all along chbaacterised his relations with ministers. Lord Jersey ans shown con. fideoco in the colony and its institutions by -ffecting an insurance of £10,000 on the lifn of his eldest sonnd and ieinuranco of £2000 n each of Ihis daughters with the Australian Mutual Provident Society. On Wednesday afternoon a bazaar was commenced in connection with the Button Loreet and Moes Vale Ladies' Working Society. The Rev. A. J. Stoddart, in asking the Countess of Jersey to open the bazaar, alluded to thin probably being the lInst oc. ,asion on which she would appear in public. Her Ladyship, in declaring the bazaar open, said that if they felt regret at the departure of Lord Jersey and herself from tbo colony, oio felt it oven denper, but thin wae rendered necessary through the unfortunate death of a vanled friend and agent. Slhe would never forget the hearty reception given her and herr family on tlle bright and beautiful sunny morning ah? entered Mosn Vale, a kindly welomoe which was only the beginning of many acts of kindness from Moen Vale and the colony at lagoe. Shbo bad much pleoaure in deolining the bazaar open and wishing it success. Ace rding to a London cablegram the Eanrl of Elgin is mentioned as the probable s?ccessor to Lord Jersey in the Governorship of New Sooth Wales. He is eon of the late Lord Elgin, Governor-general of India, and is a privy councillor. He was born at Montreal, Canada, in 1849, and is married to Lady Con. lanuco Mary, daughter of E?rl of Southoek. 