• THE ANDREW STORY OF FAIRFAX. CHAWS® VI-^OONTINUED: The following morning lie received, a letter from Mr Pinns, asking liitn to. call at his officS-thai .'dayat...eleven o'clock, when he would explain'to him what his powers to help him -were.' Andrew was.not; late in keeiung the appointment, although his heart did not beat with very high hopes. Still, he met Mr Pinns very cheerfully, and tried to suppress his disappointments. It was in a little room,; at itlje back of a printing office, in which that' gentleman received him. Certainly there was no luxury in the premises of the Soho Times. The place was musty, and ill-arranged. Great heaps of papers were thrown into ihe ^corners of .the room,, while facing 5a wrnclow,^the only one, was Mr Pinns' desk&Mifsre; were three chairs —a high one, suited to the desk; an armchair, a greatid^l?fern,-with the springs showing; and a hair-seated one, likewise revealing the; miteiial .with wliieli it was staffed. The carpet had been new a great many years before, but at-present it was impossible to discover its pattern. Moreover, in several, places it revealed the nature of the flooring. , Mr Pinns wore a short greasy coat, the sleeves of which were slightly turned up, while on his feet was a pair of office slippers, which had the advantage of being very airy. " Well, you've come," he said tq Andrew. " Yes, I've come." ,,L. " And not thought better of it, eh ? I-. didn't expect to see you again. Why, you; can see now the value of the literary piefession. It isn't worth a straw, 1 tell you, not a straw. Urn!" " I hope it may be worth a great deal to me," said Andrew. "1 hope bo—yes I, hope so. Bat do you know, young man, that in the whole of London, among the hundieds of newspapers that are published, there's not more than about a score that pay anything worth mentioning ? And do you know, loo, that it's nearly impossible for any one to get on the stall of those few ?" " They must be written for,"-said Andrew, " and in time " " There, there, it's just like me to seek to discourage you. Young fellow, I'm very foolish, very. As a rule 1 take notice of nobody but myself,and I'm not worth taking notice of. But when 1 saw you, I liked you. Why, I don't know, but 1 did. Of course I did not know what you were up to, but 1 thought you must be wanting employment. Well, it geems you couldn't get any, and so 1 thought 1 might help you. Help you—bah ! Still you must do someLhing. This paper of mine isn't worth—urn—well, never mind, but it isn't worth much." Might I ask its circulation ?' "Circulation I Young man, know that that is an editor's secret. Never let any one know the circulation of~a paper,- unleBs it's enormously large: alwayB say it is the most widely- circulatedpaper in the district, therefor beBt medium-for advertisements, etc. " 1 see,"' said Andrew, smiling. " Ah, um, I'm glad you see. Well, now look here, 1 shall do you no good, and you'll do me no-good, that!s certain ; butsthere, do you care to help in a starvation business like : this r " ifss," replied Andrew. Badly.as he wanted to do something, it required an effort fur him to give this answer. He hal always thought of an ediLur as a gentleman, refined, thoughtful; while here was this little man the very opposite of his' conception, " Are you fond of reading!" " Veiy." " Novels ?"' " (ioodones." " Can you read 'French—German I" ' - ' '.'Coaldlyoutranslateabookfromeitherof; those languages 2". "I daresay." " Dm." ' Andrew looked at the little man, wondering what was comiug next. " you think you coiild writea review of • a book?" A review—why ?" " 1 have books—of a sort—sent me for review. [ generally have them slaBhed up in style." l)o you review them yourself ?" asked Andrew, thinking of the worth of his opinion. ''No, I don't, but the feliow who's doing that work leaves me next week—and good' riddance, too. I could make it half a crown a week more if you could take on that kind of thing." "I'mafraid I couldn't," said Andrew. " Afraid—why ?" I'm afraid my literary judgment is not eu&ciently; matured. 1—I ?" " Literary judgment be hanged! You know whether you like a book or not. If you do, say so, aid say it's the novel of the year ; and if yju don't, why, say it's waste of time to read it. Ose strong adjectives, and put them on thick. That's what people like in reviews." "Indeed?" "Tea. Nobody cares about reading the; analysis of abook; they wantstrong opinions. Adjectives very thick." " I should like it of all things, bat " " Well, we'll tee. Now there's something else. You want to write stories ?'' " Very much. I should like to write a real novel, one that's worth ' "You couldn't do.lt—yet. But if ever you do, you won't get it read. Books worth -reading don't get a sale. The world of novel leaders like dash, movement excitement. I know that to read or to write them is a waste of time ; but that's what novel-readers? want, Go to any of 6mith'« bookstalls and ask the clerks the kind of novel they can: seL, and they'll tell yon what I've just told, you." ' But there's another clasB of readers than railway novel-readers '' ieE, two"—and theleltle man puckered, his forehead as he continued,— '• There's the so-called philosophical novel, which is really humbug, and those are read by prigB who pOBe aB thoughtful men, but: who are as great humbugs as the book6 they read. Then there's a. class of 'novel almost unknown to you, but which has alarger sale than most of the well-known literature." "Indeed I What !" •"The penny novelette. Stories for the young. Books for boys, full of revenge, murder, fihoBts, and all that kind - of thing. They sell by tens of thousands." '•Indeed!-' i -..-'• Yes.:, Would you caie to try andwrit-e for these people—bah! -But I'm sure you won t" "•"What will they pay ?" -" I don't know. I'll take you to an editor jf ysu like I know you'll be disgusted,-bah! of course-you willj butl can't do any more for yoa " Indeed, Mr Pinns was doing a great deal. Evidently he was troubling a great as to how'he could- help Andrew; and only real liking would have caused him to do it* "You are very kind," said Andrew, very kind I know I'm not fit for very zxiuch, and you are doing .me real service " •" Humbug," said Mr Pinns gruffly .«;There, there; lets go and see one of these editors Editors, bah 1" As they left the office of the Soho Times t^hey met a gaunt, badly-dressed man about jitty years ot age, who greeted Mr Pinns familiarly, but to whom that gentleman was vey dignified and very distant, "Here are those beoks. I've reviewed them," said the man confidently, " Could you settle up now "Very well, "Williams/' said Mr Finns loftily, ''givp them to one of the clerks" " i in off nest Wednesday.' " Very wellj WiUiamsf it—it :is possible 1 may be in on Tuesday^evemng " " I'd prefer the money now, if you don't object,'' t>aid Williams, "and, besides, von inow there are those " " fceally, Williams," said Mr Finns, with great dignity, "X can't attend te such Jittle matters now I have business -with this gentletnac. I'll write you a cheque when I've tune." , , ' a cheque.-eh ^Williams» ' Wi whatever " " I hope you'll do well on the Wednesday Mo on,; AViUiains. -- I've done my best fo you. Good-day; Williams,'goo"d-day.''- - Andrew looked at Mr Pinns in astonishment He had become dignified allofa sudden.' The little man seemed to swell with lmportance/too/and looked as though; all the neighbourhood belonged to him. " One ib obliged! to keep such fellows in their place," said Mr Pinns ; and then, turning confidently to the young man, he said," Williams has been ourreviewer.'V- ". What,": said Andrew, " is public opinm to be influenced bysuch as he ?" v Mr Pinns became isilent, and thus' important. From that time Mc Pinns regarded Andrew as one of the staff ofthe SohoTmes and. while-he remained on it the little man magnified his office. He never.-rspoke slightingly of literature; he was never familial. Mr -Pinns -carried two-sets :of ! manners. -:• One, blunt, grumpy, and free— this for his friends ; the other, important andreserved—for his.subordinates. The two walked together along Fleet street; and, after awhile, turned-.np one of the narrow alleys, which led into ia .network of others, and here Andrew,was first introduced to a phase of life bij which/he was ignorahti and fe a liteyature of which he had not dreamed. CHAPTER VI. THE B0TT0SI KUKS. Both Goethe and Schiller were profoundly convinced that Art was no luxury! of pleasure, ho mere amusement to charm the. idle, or relax the careworn; but a mighty influence, serious in its aims, although pleasurable in its means ; a sister of Religion, by whose aid the great world scheme was wrought into reality ."—LEWES' Life of Goethe. . J.--.. •; • .. . .. Andrew;hadthought:Mrl 3 mns'edit0i'ial sanctamterriblydingy and inconvenient, but it was a palace compared to the one into which he was ushered. It was little niore than a dixtybox with a hole in it, while, owing to the-fact that 4 an oil stove, the only means of warming the box, was in a bad condition, the smell of paraffin was simply abominable. Certainly the glories of literature did not seem glorious at present. The man in the box turned round on Sir 1 inns' entrance, and greetedhim familiarly. " Holloa, Pinns, what have you got in my way H" :' " PerhapsT hot inuch, perhaps a great deal,"' replied Mr Pinns gravely. Let uie introduce to you this younggentleinan, ilr-Andrew Fairfax."- -Then,; turning to Andrew, he said, "This is Mi Adolphus Vellum, the editor of a large number of serials for young people.'' \ .Mr Adolphus VeUum looked far more like a barman than an editor. He had a face that was large, red, and florid. He wore a great deal of jewellery that did not look of a very first-rate order. His ehirtfront was dirty, and his nails were in a very bad condition. StiUj-Mx Adolphus appeared shre « d, and evidently understood his business. ;.., He stared at Andrew, as thpugli he were not sure about his position. He had the appearance of-a gentleman of meahs/ while his being therein th&pompany; of jilf'Piiins suggested his cohntetionjwith the lower walks of literature So, before committing himself by either speaking in a friendly.br in an editorial - way," he . askedi Mr Pinns what ho could do for Mr Fairfax.;- r This yovingmanhas beenunforfcunate," saidJSi!'Pimis. ^ Mr. Adolphus Vellum knew how to treat Andrew then.- • ' . " Ah, 1 s'poBe so," he said.; • ' •' "Don't .mistake me," said .Mr Pinns while Ahdrew wrifched. " He has been broughtup as-a,*ichjman ! s son; The man' whom.he believed Sa'be,°his. near relation died, and lie tiasbeen thrown on the world." " \VeU,whatior.that?.' J vaskedMrAdolphus Vellum, looking at Andrew.from Head to foot. ..-X" S, ..•' I have taken- hiin on my staff," said Mr Pinns with dignity, •• and J have brought himto you,as .ijmow hecouldbe of service to you." \ " - • ' That be blowed !" 5aid,Mr Vellum with jlite emphasis. " If he's what you , say . he is, what ruse is he to me J 1 . l .want no greenhorns here." Had Andrew been alone, he would have w.iiked out and left Mr Adolphus Vellum in possession of his box with' all its dignity, but Mr Pinns gave him a look which decided him to remain. Mr Fairfax, has great literary taste, great literary! ability. He is a scholar—a University man, in fact, and perfectly acquainted with French and German " as Mr Pinns gave this little speech, he looked: vastly- important, and. waved his hand as though he, were doing Mr Adolphus Vellum a great honour. Indeed, he made an' impression on that, gentleman, who: began to. unbend a little. , " And what can I 'do tor Mr-Fairfax?" he said, with editorial dignity. , . - , . . "He iwishes to enter the. field of . Jitera- ; tureas a profession," said Mr Piiihs. '"He; wishes to rival Thackeray, Dickens, ,and Dumas ; so I've brought htm tp you.'"' ' All this time Andrew had not spoken. At first he was indignant and disappointed, but he became interested and amused. Mr Vellum turned to Andrew. Of course you will understand," he said, "that the author is born, and not made- If you wish to take a position m literature; it must be by steady perseverance; 1 myself," and he swelled with, dignity, ' • have had to win: my spurs. 1: begin as ar-^a printer's .devil, m tact, and now I'm—well, Pinns knows what l am,"; and he looked proudly around his box. "I have brought Mr Fairfax to you Vellum,"—and Mr s Pinns; became some- • what brusque, that is, he lost for a moment his editorial dignity—-"because 1 knew! tha,t'ybu—you would on my recommendation give what he might send to you—a—-a —a—fair reading." i "Yes, oh yesj":said Mr Vellum, with: lportance- "You must know," turningj to Andrew again, "that editors in such a: large way as 1 am," and he looked com- : placently around his box, "can't waste; tunc in reading the stuff ot men unknown to literature. As a rule we must have men of note Why/tbink of the men; who. write for us! There's WilkmsandLenkins, and, many more equally renowned Of conrse: 1 made their fortunes, but we are always honorable, and otick to old contributors ; Our readers are on the look-out for wellknown writers, so I can assure you that you are very fortunate in getting Pinns to recommend you, Otherwise, 1 couldn't think o£ granting you scch an interview as; this " ISven to Andrew the dirty box with a hole in it began to grow in importance. .; j " 1 am sure it is very land ot you," said Andrew, " Might 1 ask what Mr Wilkins and Mr Lewkins wrote " What' did you never hear of "Wilkins, author of The Battle with the Gha t, or of Lewlons, author of Three Spnny-heeled- SacL ? Why, inan, where have you lived'"; "Well, I've lived among text-books a good deal,'' said Andrew," and so I am not conversant with current literature " "I should think that you must have lived out of the world,' said Mr Vellum " Why, we've sold thousands of copies of 2 he Matile mtli the Ghost" { "It's a striking title," said Andrew, 1 " Might I ask what if s published at s " " We publish everyfhjng at a unifoim: puce," said Mr Vellupi. "Wecharge a; penny for everything." Andrew said nothing, but he could not iielp smibng "Might I ask^ your rate of payment?": he said '.'..Some pays a uniform price for. everything "--said Mr Adolphus Vellum, with dignity, '-we doesn't" His grammar was defective at timeB, and although I have, not inserted them, his conversation was' often garnished with peculiar epithets. There are some,"he wept fin, "a? always ys uixpence-a page, butTve," tapping Jnp "•always jceppgmse ability spdses penence, and are willing to pay lor it. We r begin at fourpence a page/and we've gone as high as eightpence-ha'p'ny."u Of course, that's very seldom : out we've done it." • " How many 1 words'in-a page ?"•:•, • - ; • ". Three hundred as near as a toucher." : " So if you accepted anything from me, you would begin: by giving! me fourpence." ,.f " That's it. Of course, to get on is the great thing. Many authors is glad to' write for nothing at first; but as 1 say, we; pay fourpence. :• Then -we can always command a sale, so we places man before thes pubhc immediately: When we put; our name on the titie- page of a-book, the public knows it's good." i Andrew did not dare to ask what name, as suchagnorance: would-be unpardonable..; ; "Then," went on'Mr Adolphus Vellum, : '• we (translates iromvthe French. For that we also pay well." • >v. " Might I ask how much " Well, there, it's a case of reckoning against genius. Of coui'se, gemus is rare, so for that matver is scholarship; So we put one agamst the other^'in this-manner. We reckon scholarship as about equal to high-class ability; but not up to genius. As I said, for right down-gemus we've paid as much as eightpence-ha'p'ny a page, but ior. high-class ability , we pays sixpence a, page; so we also pays sixpence a page for •^translations," '" "And if I.write something.,for you, of .what nature should it be ?" | ;" Plenty of action. Fightin' and robbin' and midnight me'etin's, and : like that. 3£ead the police news a goodish bit ; and look here, you can take back some things^ as a sample of , what we publish," wherenpon Mr Adolphus: Vellum opened:a cup: board that was placed on the side of the box, from which he took half-a-dozen penny ;bookB, the covers of which w.ere embellished with pictures of a very startling nature., \ " This is the kind of thing:« e do," continued Mr Vollum," and it is the only thing 'as gbes right well. Of course 1 can't promise to take what you write oilliand, and,' ias I said, I shouldn't have looted at anything but for such a recommendation as IPinns.' But if you can bring me soine- ifching slashing—well, we're good foivfoirr- :pence a page, a page meaning three ihuudred words as near as atoucher. Stay, .ihough ; on Pinn's recommendation • I'll igiveyou a French,thing, to translate. It's >a jaicy thing, and we'll pay sixpence for ithat if if s well done." ; But suppose! were to give my wholes vtime to writing and . translating for you, !ho w much could I make ?" aisked Andrew. ; " Well, that just depends upon the quickness pf.your working. Some men can; and do write as many as twenty pages a day. That at fourpence a page comes to. ;six.and.eighfj>enoe, which means a matterof two pound a week. ' Of bourse, when you can command the top price, the incoineiS j is—is—prihcely.''" Ana Jlr Vellum locked like a,merchant prince, who contemplated endowing ahospital j' iiay, rather, he looked like a member of a. Board; of Guardians,-: promising some poor out door-relief woman a matter of sixpence a week more on account of continued sickness. Andrew left,soon after, and went back to his den with a weary heart. Mr Pinns ac 'companied Kim a part of the way, iand 'assured him that Mr Vellum would, doubt-:, less, accept his stories if he... .would -put sufficient blood- curdling excitement into them. "Goodness knows I have work enough at last," thought;the young man. ;'". : Wlia,t with collecting he n s for Mr l'inns's paper,:, reviewing his books,. and writing tor Mr Adolphus Vellum, 1 have my hands full." . And he laughed almost bitterly. He sat down before his smoky fire, and began to think:. Itwas a dreary; prospect' that lay before him. He, educated as a gentleman, obliged to work for a man like Mr,Adolphus Vellum inorder to get bread 1 Surely, surely he could do something else!; He thought bf his^^ experienees?in-feying;.tb4 gecwork,.andhe couldsee notaparticle.of. 'hope-mthatquarfcer.;--^ .baektotheoldlife/andhethoughtoflii6 old friends. .. .,...,... teeth, ^Vl will-rather starve thanhaveany-: thing to do with them. ; .Besides, I should go mad now to be dependent on any one tor my bread. I'll face the matter fairly. I'm a workiiig farmer's son. . J. have no aristocratic blood inmy veins. Allmy ancestors worked among the fields for a bare living. ;it was by pure accident I got lifted into another sphere of life. .1 had ho right I to it; 1 never did anything fbr it. X am a plebeian. Still, 1 have enough of my forefathers' ; honesty and pride i iii me not to be dependent on, of > sponge- son;, any ?oheJ - "t have hands and brains, and 1 can "work. It is no iise"for me to go hungering after the .old life. It can 'never be mine until 1 have earned it." Again he set before his mind the employment he hadobtained. Gathering oiie column of nfews a week, for which he was to receive five shillings! An occasional review of some cheap book by an unknown pubhsher, wliieh might; bring biin half a crown extra. ' In addition to this there was •' penny dreadful" work for Mr Adolphus; Vellum. He had heard of the "penny dreadful ''- literature before, but he never knew what it meant ; until ;now, and the thought that he was to -engage in. it was almost sickening. ^ ' »* I'll see what this French thing is like/ - he said ; and accordingly he proceeded to read it. ' It belonged tr ue of the worst phases of French literature. It was written to catch; the eye of the French youth. It made heroes of burglars, thieves,-pickpockets and blacklegs, it hid their vileness by a coat Of bravado and physical courage, while for heroines,.. music-hall .favourites, and; the like, lost to purity, but stall made attractive to evil minds, were chosen. It was the dltchwater of literature, calculated to poison, -to rum:-'the- 1 lads -and - girls who. might read it. And yet it was the work of an educated man. It bore the stamp of culture. ' It revealed the writer's intimacy with the classics ; it pointed out on every page that'he was a man ot power.- Andrew flung it from him " No, no," he said," I will never translate such poison as this, l'llnever'disgrace: my pen by tracing such things on paper. - I'll starve firot" And this was literature—this was the work he had adopted 1 "No/'he cried, "T won't do it. I'll try ; to get work again. I'll emigrate first. I've got enough money to take me to one of the; colonies, . and tuere l'll get work as a; farmer I shall quickly pick it up, and be able to earn an honest living that way.' ^ He Bat down at the little table, and; began to write— s «' DEAB MB PiJws,— "I have decided, after all, not to accept •the post yon kindly offer me as a member of; your staff " -He wrote so- far,jand-istopped,-; The words refused to come treely, and he bit his penholder fiercely. He forced himBelf to write. again, however 1 have come .to the conclusion that l am not suited ior a literary life, and so have abandoned the dea of becoming " i Againhe'Bfopped,andlookedaronnd the room. He thought some one wa there-, speaking to him , but it was quite empty,: and he tried to wTite again. In -vain, how-, ever. It seemed as though words were ringing in hiB ears, telhng him his -duty. 'I can't do it," he said, a if in answer, , while the response to him was, "You must be an author. It is your vocation in lite, : and it is at your peril that you fail in your work." He threw down his pen, and again the; picture of-8,n ideal literary career appeared, •to him Then, again, lp was an nspired; 'lifej expresBlng the highest ^nd-best JiopiBiOt: the people. For a time his eyes were opened ®nd he saw that an ideal writer should fight j 'fdr r truth and:nghteouBneBB,:even as Gideon, fought for the Loird long ages ago He saw him revealing to the world the gaping sores of the -timej and offering balms by which, they could be cured He aw him as a prophet, telhng how, through purity and love,: a brighter a?e should jdawa pnd a higher! . ',:,For,a tims .he was loBt to his surroundings. He was no longer conscious of the shabby room in which he wrote. He forgot his m terview with the editor of- the "penny; dreadful" literature. ,He seemed to hear fari voices crying for help. He fancied he saw on them, but they; did not seem to know what these longings were- -He'' saw hfe downtrodden: and -weary ; he saw-men-nntowhose eyes the gleam-of true hope had never: came. he must heiinust. tell the- .g'-ai:.news . Jwhere"by •they : might know the meaning of life "" c .1 have. but dimly and poorly portrayed this pai to 1 :my friend's life. :-He never cared to talk very much about it. It seemed..too sacrcd. he said. .To him" : it :came -aH*va vision from God, andie dared not disobey, i I'll stay in London," he said-'at length ; "at any,rate Pll stay until I feel I ought.to leave. I feel that 1 have another life thaninterest. I.mu9t.do my duty." •* • He threw asiie the-filthy-French novel. , "I cannot translate it," he said ; " but I'll write atones for boys that -shall he •worthy their reading. I'll make tbemiinteresting and .exciting'; but. "I'll make ; them true, aidvmanly,..too.. I'll "not preach, ;but I'll try and lead them to love purity, truth, and nobleness;" - • ; After that his mind became settle!.;. .He put away the letter he had began writing tp Mr Pinns. .and started to wortout a plot of ., a story for which Mr Adolphus, Vellum, j edifollBfjjifc;'^^^ ^ agreed to pay him' the magnificent sum of fourpence a page. '." ,r" CHAPTER VII. ^ AMDESW'S C.A L Jj . " Get theo out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land tbat I will show th?e: and 1 will bless thee;iahd:thou shalt be a blessing."—THE BOOK OF GENESIS. . «To every man comes a vision of himself, his real,self, injs,possible self—himself. as G-od would have him be; and it is for him to translate that vision into actual lifts."—SELECTED. I will hot linger long over this part of my friend's, career. As I said at the close of the last'chapter/he finally adopted a literary life, because lie felt he must. Necessity was laid upon him, and he, could not resist the command. And yet he had no great message to give "to the world; his thoughts refused to be shaped, his pen dragged heavily. Grimly and wearily he did Ms work for -the newspaper. Distasteful as it was, he -perseveringly hunted up items of news for which wieek by week he received five shillings. He enjoyed the reviewing work a great dealinore, but even this was.not in accordance .with his tastes. Mostof-ibe books submitfced td him were inferior stuff; and so he never felt inclined to spend much time over ; them. With regard to Tiis story writing, he Was not very successfiil. Mr Adolphus Vellum informed him that" he wasted his talents by not stating on right.lines. " What I wants," he said vigorously, "is not sermpns/but stories. What.cares f about morals!! '' They don't sell a book. What sells a book is plot, intrigue, mystery, murder." '- -: " But,'-' said Andrew," I want my stories to be of a good, healthy nature." " Healthy nature be blowed!" said.Mr Vellum. " Now this story," referring to one Andrew had submitted, " would be a right down good one but for your confounded morality. You've .got excitement and plot. That's right; but I don't want people to be made uncomfortable. I dou't want for the lads to be told that it's better to tell the truth than to be able to use th -ir "fists, I'll use this one, and I'll give fourpence a page as I said, because a' little change won't do any harm j but let's have none of it in the future." ' - : ~ - --- - - : -But Andrew stuck to his principles: He faithfui to what lie conceived to be his duty. . Meanwhile lie tried to get stories accepted by- respectable magazines in villi. .'He' wrote on every conceivable subject, and sent, his articles, to the editors With a, hopeful heart, but Was generally disappointed. Still, he managed to live. His expenses .were not. large, and although fourpence a page Was miserable pay, he managed to keep hisihead above -water. In fact; he was :so f.ir •successfiil, that he was able to put; ! a ..gobd ,part of the mbnry 'he had brpugiht from his old home into the savings bank.* In addition to his regular work, he spent many hours ok a novel, hoping thereby to l.ift.himself by one great effort out of the miseiable groove in which he found himsulf.V>He started it just before Christinas, aud hy continuous labour he managed to finish it by the following June. It was certainly an ambitious work, longer than the orthodox three- volume novfei. He dealt with high life, entering into the pleasures, weakness, .andrhabitB i of the people who life inPark'Lane and Grosvenor Square. Carefully he -wrote it, carefully he revised it, and as carefully did he wrap it up mid take it to a good firiri iof publishers- In a week he received his answer. It was brief and very concise: Messis Guardian & Co. beg to thank Mr Andrew Fairfar for the offer of his story,' A Komance of High L if e/ but regret that they are unable to use it. Messrs G. & Co. therefore beg to re turn the MS herewith." Thus ran the letter, and as Andrew read it he felt a terrible • weight on his chest; The novel had cost him weary months of hard labour. Surely, surely bo much work could not be in-vain 1 Failure dogged his heels. And yet he felt that this was his work, and that to it he was called to gi ve his life as surely , as St. Paul was called to: preach Chriet. What meant this nonsuccess then? It is true he did not feel satisfied with his work; but what writer does ? : He knew he ,had not given -utter ance to those longings which were surging within him ; but then, somehow, he could not put them into words What was he to do? He came out of his dingy den and went towards the river. The day was fine, the sua was shining brightly. . He; saw one of' the ilver-beats > drawing up to the Temple Piei Without thinking, he bought a ticket and got on the boat The little steamer ploughed its way up the river m slght- of great and historic buildings/ but: Andrew heeded them not. Lambeth, Palace, the Houses of Parliament, Wesminster Abbey, and M Ubank Prison were all alike to -.himiii 'The . sights ihe saw -were; far away; the objecis;that flitted before;-his mind were not tangible or Teal The people on the boat matched him, so absorbed did he seem, but he knew nothing of it. He had forgotten his surroundings, forgotten the muddy river; whoso waters, spite of the mud, flashed m the sunlight, forgotten London, in fact He was living with people far away He saw hands beckoning him but he knew not what they meant, he heard voiceB -calling him, but knew -not from whence they c£une. Was he asleep ? IfiBoishe.wasiiasleepijmthaopen eyes j /yet- 'Surely:he i had-.agamEeeiiia;visiQni--alinostthe same that flashed before his mind when he had determined to give up the idea of a literary career. He was groused at length, however, by the creaking of the boat, and cries of " Pimlieo Pier," and then, careless of what he did, he landed He wandered away among the monotonous streets of Pimlieo, a part of London in which perhaps it is more easy to get losfc <fc^an any other, because the houses and streets are nearly all alike—untilhe found himeelf m Ecclesfcon "Square Arrived herte, he stopped for a second,'* lanoMeanefeagainst -the:? railings: A'^carnagestoppedat: oneofthe houses,- close to where Andrew stood, -and Tie watched closely From it alighted ii o poreona, an -elderly and-a young lady. It Tvas the latter -who ^.mve&ed; Andrew's g<i"e He did not --ee hei luii i.c.1} a 5e^ond, torshepa&edqmcklyintothegreat; house. He could not desciihe a purticul 11 feai me of her face, or detail of herjiei^on and; Jflt iie kam ttat to uhoultl recqguse feep ''v? 5^"® .*) . } t- ^ <- v: -ifthe ever saw her again. The door of the house closed, the carriage was driven away to the stables, .while Andrew walked towards 'Victoria Station. , . -"Li verpoolStreet bus/'slioutedaman; "all tbe way -for tuppence," and Andrew.' climbed to the -top while the horses began their journey. " ; ; Perhaps there is no way of seeing a large part of London so well as by riding on the toj> ot a bus from Victoria to Liverpool Street. You pass the principal buildings of the City, you go through the most rowded thoroughfares; j - you .: go right through.tlie hearfc of the world. •, : Andrew felt this- as the conveyance rumbled on. No longer was ho dreaming as ,he had been .while on the river ; no longar was he insensible to all but to the far-away voices and beckoning .. hands which had been so real to him.. He watched every movement of the people, he felt every pulse of the great city. He noted, the stately hotels and lofty chambers of Victona Street; he reahsed the'grandeur of the old Abbey and the towers of the great legislative houses ; he felt' the movement of-the mighty commerce of Whitehall, and the imposing'^' appearance,' of Trafalgar -Sqiiare. He saw, too, the rushing life; tne crowded streets, the streamaof conveyances, fthe .great river of: human life that never ceased to flow. It was real tb^hiih; terribly. real. What was Andrew Fairfax,--.whatwas anyjman'in-such a place as rLondon-?. .-Men eethed-to'Sosetheir^ to 'become merely units—drops in the great river that,went sweeping on. And yet he knew there were governing minds-; he knew as he passed the crowds in the streets that although all seemed (alike, all were not alike. Still it was mystery, mystery. On he swept through the Strand, oa to the Law Courts, down Fleet Street, until he 'eame to Ludgate HiU, and stillit was tlie same tremendous roar, the same rush for existence;; Then the mighty dome of S t. Paul's appeared to hiin; and he sg,w the golden cross - which ^ surmounted it lifted high^nthe heavens. Itwas an emblem of Salvation; and yet few appeared to realise it.'- - - . Everything was great, imposing here. The broad flight of steps, the great doors, the stately carvings, the lofty towers, all impressed him -with the majesty , of the mind that conceived it all. This was Christopher "Wren's message to his age, and lie had given it grandly/ True, the stone" walls niight crumble away, and in time the building would fall, but the idea of the great cathedral would live on. Into Cheapside went'the biisi - and still the same crowd.. On to the great civic buildings, the Exchange, the Bank; and still Andrew watched, and thought, and drew conclusions, and for the first time he was glad that he no longer lived in the luxury of a rich man's house. At last he realised that he had been led to thinkj and to see what he had never seen before.' As the friend of the wealthy, he would, perhaps, never have taken the trouble to think ; now he felt he must—his environments had altered his life. He did not remain at Liverpool Street Station; indeed, without scarcely waiting a second,. hi.' walked back towards his lodgings. /When nearly arrived there, he realised that he was hungry, and that many hours had passed since he had partaken of food. So he went into a little coffee-house, where he partook of a cheap meal, after which he went back to his den, and sat for a long time almost as still as a : He looked at.his watch. Hehadnotbeen obliged to part, with it ytt, a,nd he was glad, for it had been given to him by the only, father he had ever: known, it was half-past eight o'clock, but it was a summer feyening, and quite light. Butting on his hat again, he found his way to, the little hotel at which he had stayed when he first left his old home. .; - i - - Was'Mr Pinns at home ? i Yes. Mr Piiins was 'in the -coffee-room ialone.'"' > - - - — Andrew.found his way there; hehadnot 'seen the ioom-since he ceased to become an 'inmate of tlie hotel. -Whenever he had seen- the little, editor,-it-had been in the dingy office, who while there had magnified his -position, and had treated Andrew as •one of the staff, although there had been ofitimes an evident desire to break down his editorial reserve andto become familiar " ah, Fairfax," he said, as Andrew entered, " nothing wrong, is there—hum ?" "Idon't know," replied Andrew; "but I must talk to some one, and I have come to you." " " What do you want ?" " A'dVice." Ezra pinns gave expression to one of his peculiar chuckles, and his editorial dignity ' broke down, " Advice, eh?" he said. "Who listens to advice ? Nobody. You will follow your own ways whatever advice I may give." •• I want : to : write," said Andrew ; * cannot waste my time as I have been doing, and yet I don't know which way to turn." " Why, aren't you writing now ?" "Not as I wish. I.simply scribble—I don't write. I say npthing worth saying.'" " Well, whose fault is that ?" " My own, I (suppose. Perhaps I have nothing to say, and yet I feel so much." " Well, say your feelings." " I can't. They will hot form themselves into words. I think I want a cause to ad- vocate •; J want to voice some great need." \- Why don't you? There are needs enough, God knows." ' What are they ?" \- i bzra l'inns jumped to his feet, and Straddled up to Andrew. "You an .author, and talk like that? Stick to your reporting, ,my lad; don't touch sacred things wicn unclean hands !' " You mistake me," said Andrew. " There are so many-things that want doing thatl can't think enough about one. Everything is so big that I tail to grasp." .Ezra Pinns looked at him steadily, and silently measured his man. Certainly there wasnothmg small,nothing weak about him Both body and head were perfectly shaped, and fully developed. Besides, there was nervous springiness of action, which indicated a wondrous vitality. " What have you been doing- lately ?" he ' • Besides what you have known about, I have written a novel.-' Ah, taken, it to a publisher i" " Several" •Well?" " Eefused m every ca e " "Justbo—very likely What was the subject ?" " I wrote about that of which I knew something " "What?" "WestEnd life" " Bnt what phase of it ?" "Their life generally Then politics, customs, intrigues, and " And of-course the earl married the vir tuous youngest daughter, and all that kind of rubbish Look here—did you express the deepest feelings of yonr heart m wilting it ?" No," replied the young man, hanging hib head. "How then could you expect it to be Meepted Young fellow, I know very little ofAV est End life, but the people there have their feelings, their unutterable longings for higher things than those which engro s them Did you try and express that deeper lite 2" Andrew shook his head. "No ponder you failed, then -You write a society novel' It's not in you You would feel it -waste of time to try and describe what takes in a society novel, and I don't think ypu are ablp as ye- to take m handthe- moreseriousworJc.BesideSj'ptlbliEhersaresick,of;novel3m:highlife.»'lhey have been steaming in by tbe thousand. Every coneeiied fop and sickly, girl think of writing a story of high life, -who all in : dulge in the same foolish absurdities " ButlmUBtjvriteabout.somethingthat I am acquainted \ ith'' Yei, md jou mic+ be in sympathy ^ ith youi 8itbioi,t Your charactert, must jjolacBa you. *They mu'Bt lire in you, and you in them—their woes-yours, their de-" sires yours, their wants , yours." Ezra Pinns spoke with an earnestness that almost amounted to passion, and Andrew; was astonished at his intense feeling. " 1-ubhshers , are , tired of hackneyed themes,?' went on. Mr Pinns, " simply because the people are tired. Not that some: themes.can be hackneyed—still, even they, want new settings. Tke struggles .of the human heart—and, God knows, the human heart is a curious affair—are, ever of interest, but different phases of life require different interpretation. Have you thought of any-other sid es of London lite beside that which you have—have—attempted to deal with—'oah—in .your,—your—bah— . novel?" " I've tried to think, but I cannot. London is too big for me. This afternoon I rode from Victoria to Liverpool Street. The lite simply stunned me. 1 could understand nothing. So much seemed to want saying, but I did not know what to say. I know that there is a great message to tell out about the commercial life—indeed, the whole of this great city life—but I felt it was not for me!" " Notyet, perhaps, but—well, is thatall?" . "No, it's not all. Some time ago 1 went down to the East End. I spent a day there: I came home feeling sick, it crushed me ; J was; miserable for days, but I felt I could say nothing. It is a great ce"sspo"6iJ.'but'! could not teli' 'how to clean it." " But you wanted to ?" " Wanted to ? I—I longed to be able to interpret their hearts' yearnings, and to tell ho.v the (lay might dawn; but 1 was in the dark—all in the dark." And do you think, you fool, that you could see enough in a day, in a week, in a month, in a year to Tcnow their needs ? The prophet who is to redeem the East End must live among them, be as they are, share their burdens, live under their conditions, see them in every phase of their life." I liiay be wrong, but I think their prophet will have to come out of the East End. Their own-product; and yet pure, in spite of everything. No doubt besant made a sensation with his All Sorts and. Conditions of Men; no doubt lie is a close observer, and possesses genius. But he only touched the fringe of his subject. There is misery which he never even hinted at, heroism of which he didn't seem to 'dream, pathos too deep for language, poetry sublime. Man, the East End is a world by itself. I don't say to you, never .tackle the.E*st End; but you want alot of preparation before you must dare to do it." " I feel it; but what would you have me do r 1 ' " Do you still feel that you must write ? Must ! mark you!" Yes," said Andrew, " I must. Every day I seem to ; hear some one telling me to write something real. I ask what, and the only reply I get is, find out I have tried to give up the idea of becoming an author. 1 have thought of emigrating, of going to sea, of becoming a soldier. I have no doubt I could soon pas3 the examination neeessaryfor a commission either in the army or navy. But -I couldn't do it. And so, though L have hatei it, 1 have written foryourpaper, and written for that "penny dreadful" series, always trying, however, to get something better. Ail the time I've been unsuccessful, and yet 1 feel I must goon." Ezra Pinns gave a grunt of satisfaction. "Leave London ?'' he said. " Leave London ! Where would you have me go ?" " Your father was.a farmer, wasn't he!" "Yes." " Have you never had any desire to go to the old home? Eh! Look here. Who keep the towns alive! The village ipeople —the country people. But for them the towns would die out. r The excesses of the towns would ' eat out the vitality. The constant stream Itoui the .country keeps us alive.-"They'fe to'ustbe" strength of natural life. And yet the country is neglected!" Andrew gave a leap from the chair, his "I know! I've seen !" he cried. * What do you mean!" '•" I've got what I want at last. It's all clear now." ' What -will you do !" said Mr. Pinns I'll go down to my old home; I'll try and get work on my father's old farm; I'll live among the country people, share their toil, enter into their life, and then—God helping me, I'll tell their story!" Ezra Pinns jumped to his feet, and a look of glapdness came into his eyes. " Eight, right," he said, " and if you are not a fool after all, you will be a novelist, and by a novelist I mean—and, mark you, 1, would have all others driven from the field of fiction—by a novelist I mean a poet, a preacher, a leader of the people, a prophet, a man inspired of God!" Andrew thought of the distant voices which he had heard, of the hands held up as if appealing for help, and the faces which expressed unutterable longing, and heart fluttered strangely. " Fairfax," continued the little man, and there was tenderness in his voice, " I knew what you wanted to do, and what you ought to do a long time ago. At least, 1 thought 1 did. It struck me the first time .1 ever spoke to you, and so I have—acted —as—as 1 have. 1 tried to lead you to despise literature—and, mark you, a lot of literature- should be despised. It is mere ~well> never mind. I could have done differently for you, but I wanted to—to— see ot what stuff you were . made. 1 knew that if you could stand the work to which 1\. introduced you, you must really love writing; it you didn't, well, it didn't matter. Besides, 1 knew you sadly wanted practical knowledge—a knowledge which the last nine months have given you. You are ready to go out into the country to learnbut it must be a long time before you write. Yes, yes, 1 know,'" said Andrew. " How will you live m the country ?" " By working." " With your head or body ?" "Both." Mr Pinns gave a grunt of satisfaction. " When do you go ?" he asked. "To-morrow." (2*o lie continued,.) • . 