AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. ' HAMLET.' It was quite refreshing on so hot ft meat M Saturday's at the Theatre Royal when all and sundry fanned so vigorously, to hear Hamlet on the ram parts of Elsinoro say 'The air bites shrewdly. It is very cold,' and Horatio furnish confirmation strong, ' It is a nipping and an eager air.' Tne house was fairly large for so tropical a season, and the viceregal box was occupied by Hia Excellency the Lieu tenant ? Governor and a large party. Mr. Walter Bentloy, in the neb, hand some habiliments of woe worn by the Prince of Denmark, looked well tho character, and his appearance was the signal for a greeting full and hearty. We can add little to what we have already said with regard to Mr. Berkley's Hamlet ; be ia essentially a manly, gracious gentleman of the period, courtly when tho sombre mood is not upon him, and consistent in his inconsistencies. The strong points in his performance are the love and loyalty to his mother, even when he most oondemns her con duct—more in sorrow than in anger— and his chivalrous bearing towards Ophelia even in his wildest mood. The scene in the closet, where the vehemence of his passion contends with the duty of a son, was the one which seemed to impress the audience most, it was so masterly in its portraiture of passion and strength of. feeling. In that scene where Polonius calls out from behind the curtain Mr. Bentley does not make a pass through the arras with his sword but dashes beyond it, and dis appears tot a moment. Afterwards be parts the hanging's and exposes the dead Chamber lain to view. There are a few other varia tion!, not in the text but in the aotion, whioh go to show that Mr. Bentley prefers to be original ; the setting of the soenes, for instance, is slightly changed, and the grouping made aB picturesque as possible. On the whole we think that 'Hamlet' was better presented on this second time of asking than when Mr. Bentley was here in Feb ruary last ; the star is better supported. Mr. Bentley'e interpretation furnishes ample evidence of sound judgment, based on careful, close, and loving study of the text, and all the lights and shades of Hamlet's character. By play, which has the charm of seeming so un conscious is introduced with consummate skill ; by its means almost as much as by the potent language of the great Bard he conveys the idea of filial reverence, courtly tracing, fiery rage, deep melancholy, unquenchable hate, and cankering sorrow so well that there is little left to ask for else. The talented Scotch actor was, we repeat, better' sup ported than we expected, even the ghost, so often mods to reach the borderline of comedy, was well handled. Wo have sees tne weird apparition of the royal Dane enveloped in muslin till he looked more like a Bedouin Arab in searoh of a caravan than a respectable phantom from the. nether world doomed for a certain season to walk the night ; nnd we have also seen the ghost when it was 'his night out,' stamp heavily across close to the footlights in & way thit made the gas-jets quiver. Mr. B. Maraohel was quite a pre sentable medium as ghosts go. Miss Gladys Leigh gave us an agreeable surprise as the Queen. She was no limp and frightened female 'in royal vestments dight,' but a regal consort with some spirit, and she spoke the chiding wordB ' Hamlet, thou hast thy father much offended,' with dignity and a tone of maternal authority. Not even Hamlet's sharp retort, 'Mother, you have my father much offended,' disturbed her composure, and her 'Come, come, you answer with an idle tongue' had the right ring of anger in it, but nothing shrewish. Mr. Harry Douglas was cast as Claudius, the King, and came out of the ordeal passing well. If Miss Lilla Wilde bad ended Ophelia as feebly as she began this pan would have been dipped in gall instead of sympathetic ink; but though she started apparently with an uncertain purpose she surprised everybody by her excellent acting towards the close of the maid's un happy career. It procured for her a round of genuine applause, in fact, those who came to cavil remained to applaud. We have had a taste of the quality of Mr. McGowan'a Polonius before. It is a conception most acceptable. He makes the Lord Chamber lain a dignified patriarchal courtier, garrulous on account of old age, but not the doddering imbecile of some conceptions. The worldly wisdom of his advice to his aon Laertes, and the confidential relations between him and the royal pair are a sufficient proof that Polonius was nob so senile as they make him. Mr. C. Wakefield as Horatio and Mr. Albert Luoas as Laertes played their paits wall. The rest of the cast was :— Roaencrantz, Mr. H. Stoneham; Players. Messrs. T. Warwiok and F. Saunders; Bernardo, Mr. F. Esmelton; Marcellus, Mr. T. Reynolds ; Graved iggers, Messre. A. Brereton and T. E. Foster; a Priest, Mr. G. Inglesole ; Osric, _ Miss Grace Hamilton ; a Player Queen, Miss Rita Aslin ; with a host of supernumeraries, including a charming little page, who lookiug quite picturesque, was a weloome addition to the cast. Of Mr. Spong's scenery we can speak in terms of the highest praise, particularly the substantial- looking ramparts, and the castle itself, huge and massive, and built for strength, a true stronghold of the warlike days ; the ramparts beyond, and below which could be seen the moat glistening in the star light, were very realistic. Mr. Spong's archi tectural achievements in scenic art aro as faithfully and originally treated as his graceful landscapes. In having the play of ' Hamlet' mounted so carefully Mr. Bentley has placed his patrons under a debt of gratitude— they have become tired of the same old thing. ' Hamlet' will be repeated to-night. 