SEEING A GHOST. ft! h's f " Do leb.me take it 1" said Cora Dcan4.- ' It will be so nico to carry things to tho poor." She was loaning againBt tho side of tho i door, her straw hat wreathed about with 1 bright-colored autumn leaves, a 'flush of, ciUason on hsr chock. Aunt Betsy stood with" the littlo cup of freshly-made custard in one hand, and a dried huckleberry pie in the other. '' " La, child," said Aunt Betsy,' "they aint exactly poor. Not begging poor, you , know. John JoneB gots a nico littlo sum for ringing tho ohuroh boll on Sunday, mornings and making the fire Saturday 1 nights. And Loretta, she's a first-class tailoress. And I believe thoy own a farm , somewhere in Hogmanton Hollow, that thoy ronb to Leander Smith. But Loretta nint been very well of lato, and she's dreadful partial to my dried huokle.; berry pies ; so, if! you don't mind takin' it—" " Oh, not in tho least said Cora, with alacrity. "Is it far?" . "Jest down Crooked Lano, and past tho big holler tree before you come to the blaoksmith shop," said Aunt Betsy. "Poller tho line of the church fence, an' you can't go amiss. It aint moro'n a mile, anyhow." So Cora took the neatly-paoked little basket and tripped away into tho yollow misty light of the October sunset, singing as she went. : She had been in this part of the country some time, but she was not quite certain where John Jones's cottage was exactly situated. - " But I can enquire," she said to her self. "Oh, here comes Alice Embury. She'll toll me." Alice Embury, a light-cheeked young village girl, met her with a smile of wel- como. " The Jones's cottage 9" said she, " why of course. It's cIobo by, tho old church yard ; and don't forget the rehearsal of the Musical Soolety," Alice called after her as aho tripped away. " I shall he in plenty of time for that, returned Cora. As Cora came down into tho valley a soft white mist seemed to fold itself around hor. The glow of earth and sky . faded out, and a sopulohral gloom seemed to take possession of tho whole scope. At the same moment alio became con scious of the near neighborhood of an ivy-mantled old ohuroh outlined darkly against the sky, and the glimmering grey- iiess of old tombstones leaning over against the grass. " I must bo almost there," aho thought. Follow tho' churohyard fenco," Aunt BotBy had told her. And that must bo the little house under the cedar trees, I am sure."; She hurried down the grassy path,, with a certain thrill running through her veins— she would havo been loth to call it superstitious fear— but, nevertheless, she felt very glad to get past the cluster of gravestones into the oeaar-shaded door -yard. , ' , . . , : iShe.knoaked at tho door. _ There , was no answer. She knooked alittle louder. StiilliepyrowariJcSKef endeavors ; .and with a sudden impulso, she pushed tho door open. . It led into % little square rOoni. the floor of which .was covered, by \- , — & a hrightTagcarpeti the" walls papered In -, a gay nattorn of rosCs and leaves olimbing over an impossible trellis. A -low fire .. :; ;blnnod in tna'wood Bfcovo— a kotfclo. sang on tho top witli inonotonqus -sound;. Corasatdown on.fjhecu&hvjiyid; ropkerto. . "They had gone fitsoiio where," eho thought, and aho placed.lior basket oil the . \ tablo.- " They wiil'.bo back -soon." . But as the. moments crfpt by, and .. - . nobody returned; the', darkness dccendod like asudden pall upoh thoquiot autumnal scone. Sho could /see the gravestones gloaming wliitoly-r slid could hear the .. murmuring of tho ifcatloBB wind in the trcotops oulsido. -Ai sudden 'terror seemed Ky to tighten around her jhenrt,! Sho sprang up, involuntarily.:;/ ' >'H| " I cannot st'ayi Jteris aji'y-i longer,'! she , B cried, aloud ; and Bjie i-utlie to thodoor. ; BH But it refused '. to,, ppop. . She was E9 fastened in—through' some ' rust or fault- .,/ inoss of tho outside latch— acaptivo, sorely , against her, will/ She uttorod a scream and flew towards ( the window. But from-its panes, small and interscoted frequently -with wooden bars, she saw a sight that ohillcd hor very . >' blood — a white, shadowy figure, moving to nnd fro- nmong ,fclici 'gravestones. '. All.thatsliehad.wor seen or hoard oE1 - ghost stories nnd> supernatural rovelation same back to her. at this moment with' . ' , < surprising vividness. Sho ckoucliod trom-1 - bling violently, in the corrior of tho room. | - How long sho .remained shivering in' the comer aho never knew. ,It might' .. have been five minutes,- it might havo been . an hour, but tho welcomo sound of foot-j - , tops on tho threshold enmo at last. .... ,-f . . . " Bothor tako this 'ero old . latch 1" said | ' , ' a nasal voice outside. " It's oloan rusted ' ' out. I'll get another one the first time I' , .> f go to'Salitbury, 'i'ho'ro; Miss Embury"— as ' tho door was flung wide open — "didn't I ;;|B tell ye! There ain't no one hore ?" j ' ' Ef there aint no ' one hear," said s ; ' ' V shrill, oraoked woman's voice, "how on > airtli caino that thoro wicker basket on the. tablo ? Xancl'sakcslalivei, there's some1 one in the corner hijdin' away I .Thieves ! ' robbers 1 murdor !" - " It's only mo," faltered Cora. : "Cora! dear Cora!" criod out Misa % Embury; "what has happened to you t -i''H Are you ill 9" ' ' / "It's the ghost," muttered Cora, be- , ' gitting to foel vogaly ashamed of hoa / V unroasoning panio. "I saw it myself— 1 ' out thoro— aU-in whito, pacing up and . ./ /i down among the graves." , " Goodness-mo 1" exclaimed Alice. "Ib was I that she saw— my white shawl. _ I| was walking up and- down there, waitingi ' yj, for her to come out. . I was afraid thabl . sho would lose her way coining home, andl I wanted to ho' sure that she would beahj . ... the rehearsal in 'time to night, I V Cora began to- laugh hysterically, and) '4'>| " I would not livo in this dismal place ; 5S not if anyone paid me twenty pounds a '/ -"'J week. Mrs. Jonos thoro is a enp-eustard1 : and huokleborry ; pio , that Aunt Botsy, , >.? Bookot has sent yqu. And pleasolet me - '1 have tho baskot, so as. to get home as fash- ''4 as possible." _ 0 ' Wont you sit a spell ?" said hospit- ' ' able Mrs. Jones,, who had at last compre- : bonded the situation. ' ViJ j. "Hot a minute, not a second," Cor , , ' answered hurriedly. " Oh, Alice, dohuriyj- . /rat it is getting darker every minute." . 1 . l> " But tho moon has risen," said cowj«L'. . posed Alice. -"It will bo lighter now.Tff; ; | " Aren't you afraid to go past that graveJ: . y'SS yard in tho dayk 9" whispered Cora»® ; "Perhaps Mr. Jones—" > t _ '<» '. ;J». ' --/f ' "Afraid!" echoed Alice, with a sweet, / rippling laugli. "-Why, what should I be' v . M. afraid of ? I oftert ccmo down hero to see . ' v. Mis. Jono's nieco, Rebecca, when she 'itf ' ,-v .;// staying hore, and go baok all by myself.' ; ' ,k;- ' But why dpos Mr, Jones live here 9" , said Cora piteously. ' . t; i Because he is the sexton," said-Alice' \\.- Embury, f Because it is handy to be sd near tho cliuroh and the churchyard." | ; :>4' . Cora only shivered. She knew that sho 4$j had been silly and superstitious, but she , could not help it. _ ! .4:- i- " To think," cried cheery Alice, " that - 1 you should havo taken me for a . ghost J whilonlltho timo I was watching thai cottage door, and wondering why oneartlr V.\vk you didn't come out 1" j ' And by tho timo thoy had reached Aunt ; Betsy's comfortable farm- house Cora her-' solf wa»"uite ready to laugh at her own . folly. Whilo Aunt Betsys charmiiristio romark — the aamo she made when . she _ . heard of a death, a wedding, or a spoiled batch of pickles— was ; v .. "Well. X never 1" . Crows can Count Four.— Leroyi 'whoi '-fi though bo expresses tbo opinion that " the .V'M nature of theisoul of animals is unimportant," was an excellent observer, mentions a case in which a man was . anxious to shoot a crow. ; ; «' To deceive this suspicious bird, tbo plan was hit upon of sending two men to tho watch-- " - '' : bouse, one of whom passed on, while the Vr - other remained: bat the crow counted and! ' - kept her distance. The nextday three went, ' V and again she perceived that only two re tired. In fine, it was found necessary to sendD ! Ave or six men to the watch-house to put her- out of bar-calculation. The crow, <- that this number of men had passed by, losbl ,1 no time in returning." From this he inferred - that ctowb could count up .to four. Licbten- ) borg mentions a nightingale which was said S to count up to three. Every day ho gave it ' three mealworms, one at a time ; when It had I ' finished one it retut-nedfor another, but after tho third it knew that the feast was over. Sewage Question Settled.— Screws. - 4 bury, England, has solved tho sewago problem : r»f to perfection. As, the sewage enters tho works, clay, charcoal, and blood arc added as 1 the deodorizers ; and, after thorough mixing a solution of sulphate of alumina if added by ; ' which the diesolvedandsusponded impurities ' are quickly precipitntcd in one or the other' settling tanks, from the foutth of which tho'' :: water runs without further treatment into . '/ the river. The sewage ab it enters tho works : contains about tbirty-seven por cont. of sus-1 ponded organic and nnorganio matter, hut in- tho effluent- water there are found only the> ' ' merest traces of either. By experiment, it- has' been found that in this wator fish Willi ' live for months. The deposit is then removed! ' from tho tank, and bjr means of pressure and' artiflcial heat is doprived of its moiBturo tin, it attains the consistency and appearance of ' dry enrth, in which condition it meets a ready salens "guano." ' , . . . "= -MiM The inexicans Love of Color— Per. >' haps tho most salicut feature of a Mexican crowd is color. There is almost a blaze ot V color. Tho people dress in bright, aye, in w.Aa glaring colors. The hats of the men and the . head-gear of the women are picturesque in n r v surpassing degree, and mingling with all this wealth of color in the attire or the people are - flowers of richest and most gorgeous hues, All the peoplo carry flowers. The most per fect in shapes and health, the most pleasing in variety and tints, these ; flowers are- cultl- . , WS vated literally in every available spot in the ' MR vicinity of the quaint and romantto capital, \pl-. and ore sold for a song. I have bought a v.' SV>: feck of rose-buds, the most exauisltdy lovely - have ever seen, for Ave penco. - 1 '£« — » I" , r- ,.v A Good Leather.— Porpoise leather has . along, tenacious ilbro, and, as it will not 1 crack nor tear, it makes an. excellent leather. IVhen mado up into a shoo it resembles ' French kid. It woars liko iron, and would- - 