CHAPTER X.—Tim Cuajiok Dismissed. Six weeks went by, and Geoffroy Cary lay between lifo and death, and the charge against Kenneth Gaunt remained in abey ance. Tub case was brought beforo the magistrates on the day following his arrest, and was by them remanded “pending the produotion of further evidence.” It was ob vious that while young Cary lived nothing could bo done until ha might recover con sciousness. Bail was offered for Kenneth and waB finally accepted ; and he was free to go about his businoss as ho best might, a man under a heavy cloud, shnnned and suspected on every hand. For the public mind of Templecombe fastened on him as tho criminal from the very first, and allowed no possibility of doubt. There was, indeed, a minority who had several oogent objections to offer. In the first place, these dissenters asserted that the evidence forthcoming against Kenneth Gaunt was purely oiroumstantial, and as such to be treated with diffidence. Soeondly, that Kenneth Gaunt had proved himself dnring his life at Templecombe to be a man of truth and honor, and that his word, therefore, deserved credence. This opinion gained strength from the fact that his word wasfuliy borne out in one particular, inas much as his dog was limping about the village, lamed by the teeth of a trap. They further maintained tiiatnomaninhissenseB, having attempted mnrder, would leave his gun on the spot as evidence against himself. Xo this minority one comprehensive question was propounded : If Mr Gaunt was not tho criminal, who was ?—a question to answer which was apparently very far to seek. And as the days went on and public interest in the .matter was continually freshened by the weekly remanding of the ease before the magistrate, and the atmosphere of suspense thus created, evory discussion on the subject ended more and more surely with a reference to that hoped-for recovery of consciousness by Geoffrey Cary which was becoming the very goal of public anticipation. The weary days dragged themselves slowly away as Mark Dorriaunt and Valen tine stood "helplessly by, while Geoffrey's fever ran its course, and neither Kenneth Gaunt nor the days when those alternations of delirium and stupor should pass into consciousness was ever mentioned between That the stern patience and reserve with which Mark Dorrieant waited were the result -of rigid self-oontrol, no one who spoke to trim in those days could doubt. That he believed in Kenneth Gaunt’s guilt was equally certain, thongh no word to that effect ever crossed his lips. His very silence and self-re pression on the subject gave to his conviction a weight whioh no words could have pro duced. And on Valentine each day as it passed seemed to leave an absolutely perceptible trace; they seemed to ho literallywearingher away, she grew so white and so slight. In manner she was always composed and qniet, .but there was that about her that suggested the presence of a continual strain—not merely the strain of the honrly anxiety about Geoffrey —but of something beyond, of which she did not speak. To her stepfather's tenderness she [responded with an affection whioh seemed to grow with every hoar of their common anxiety. They lived, as it were, a mutual life, in which the forthcoming report from the siok-room was the goal of • First published in connection with •• All the year Itound.” 1 their thooght*. If each lived another and a separate life in whioh the goal lay further off, neither ever spoke of it. And at last that far-off goal was reached. Geoffrey Cary struggled back from the gates of death, and recovered consciousness. Perhaps a blanker feeling of disappoint ment was never experienced than that which obtained at Templecome when it was whispered about that young Mr Cary was en tirely unable to throw any light on the affair of which ho was the hero. His evidence began and ended in the statement that he had been walking quickly through the park at about nine o'clock in the evening, when he had heard a shot, had felt a stinging, numb ing sensation in his side, snd had lost consciousness. He had scon absolutely noth It was three days since Geoffrey had made this disappointing declaration, a hot morn ing in the first week of August. It was about eleven o’clock and Mark Dorrisant was alone with his. ward; he was standing by his bed, and the two had evidently been The face at winch Dorrisant waB looking was like the ghost of the Geoffroy of seven weeks before. There was not a trace of color in it, all the boyish outlines wore sharpened and emaciated, and the curly, luxuriant hair was cropped close. Only his oveB were the same, honest and smiling. They were rather too bright now—the con versation seemed to have exoited him a little —as he looked up at Mark Dorrisant, and said, in a weak voice : “ All right, then. Pater; what you do is sure to he right. And somehow I shouldn’t have thought that that fellow was the sort to do a thing like this.” Ho paused a moment and then added, reflectively : “ It I was rather a blackguardly thing, wasn’t it ? I wonder awfully who it really was !” 1 Mnrk Dorrisant did not answer instantly. I He put out ono of his hands and laid it on ! the boy’s head. “ I wonder !” he said. There was a shadowy little smile about his lips as be spoke, and Geoffrey, looking up at him, exclaimed : “ You're awfully sure it was Gaunt, Pater.” This tirao Mark Dorrisant did not answer him at all. His face set itself sternly. “ Y’ou're tired, my boy," he said; ‘‘rest now and think no more about it.” He paused, and touched the boy's forehead again affectionately as he added : “ I must ^ On this August morning, after nearly two months of postponement and delay, the charge against Kenneth Gaunt was to come before the magistrates for what was taoitly I understood to be a final hearing, and the excitement through the neighborhood was at fever pitch. As mark Dorrisant came down stairs now from Geoffrey’s room, the carriage was already waiting for him and for Vnlen tioo, summoned once more to give evidouoo as to the threatening words used to her by Kenneth Gaunt against Geoffrey Cary. “ Go to your mistross,” said Dorrisant to a sorvant, “ and ask her. if she is ready, if she will come down to me in the drawingroom." A few moments later Valentine came down the stairs with her hat on, and went into the drawingroom. She was very pale and quiet, aud there was an added touch of haughtiness about her, as though she were nerved to meet some sort of ordeal. She smiled at Dorrisant, aud as he held out his hand she put hers into it, and waited for him to speak. ‘‘Valentine,” ho said gravely, ‘‘I want to tell you somorliiug before we start. I think you will be glad to hear it. I sawMr Kenyon yesterday, as you know, and we camo to a decision which I have just boen bilking over with Geoffrey. The charge against Mr Gaunt, will be dismissed to-day on the plea of im-utlicieut evidence.” Valentine started slightly, and drew her hand away, as if involuntarily. ‘■Dismissed;" she said quickly, in a low voire. “ Dismissed! Then will lie be cleared?” She was lookiug down at. the handle of the sunshade she hold, and therefore she did not see Mark Dorrisant'a look at her. But she noticed that there was a pause, and before he spoke lie laid one hand on heia, as a sort of prelude. “ All I need say,” he began gently, “is, that though the evidence against Mr Gaunt is heavy, it would be almost impossible to prove the case in a court of law, and under the circumstances—as, thank Heaven, it is not a case of murder—I have told Mr Ken yon that .re should greatly prefer not to prosecute.” “ Then the only way to clear him would bo to find the real criminnl ?’’ “ To find the real criminal, yes!” assented Mark Dorrisant drily. Valentine's color rose. “ rater! she said impulsively, you mean most kindly, I know, but justice is better than kindness. Don’t let this charge be withdrawn. They say that my evidence weighs heavily against Mr Gaunt, and I know that that evidence means absolutely nothing! If the case is properly tried the truth must come out, and Mr Gaunt will be cleared. Don’t let injustice be dono 1” She was facing him bravely, with unshrink ing eves looking straight into his face. It was for justice, she was saying to herself. Mark Dormant looked at her keenly for a moment, and then a shade of pain settled upon his face. “ Queen Val.” he said gently, “ I am sorry that there should be one subject on which we think differently. It is time to start.” By the evening it was known all over l'omplecombe the charge against Kenneth Gaunt had been dismissed by the magistrate. The stain against his name was in no wise eradicated; the mystery was in no wise cleared up. As far as Templeeombe and the countryside went, Kenneth Gaunt was a dis graced man. 