The Storyteller. Red Diamonds.* SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY. CHAPTERS I. and II.—Gerald Aspden, a journalist employed on the Catapult, an up-to-date weekly, is a member of the Voyagers' Club, and one day is accosted by a stranger, Mr. Seth Chickering, a diamond miner from the South African Veldt. Ht> explains Uie manner in which he becaoio anioruberof the Voyagers' (Hubby writing from tho Veldt to Mr. Raven, one of lho promoters, whoso brother, Gentleman Jim as he was called, he. was aoquafnted with. Gentleman Jim bad been recently murdcrod, ho explains. As ho is speaking ho interests his listener still more by produc ing a leather bag from wliioh ho displays numerous diamonds of brilliant quality. Chapter lII.—Mr. Seth Chickering, making a con fidant of Gerald, tells him of his success on the diamond fields, as well ns that of his " pards," some of whom, dying, have intrusted to him the task of finding out various friends to whom thoy wish their wealth in diamonds to he given. Ho intrusts Gerald with a well-lined pocket-book until the morrow, and disappears in the darkness of Jjoudon. Cuapter IV.—ln the Doorway. . As Gerald stood at the club door a carriage drove up and stopped. The carriage door opened and a man got out. Gerald knew the man at once. He was Captain Raven. He stood for some moments at the open carriage door talking to the ladios, its occupants. They were, as Gerald could see distinctly, ladies— two ladies. One, the one nearest to the door, was very young and very pretty. Gerald got a kind of bewildering delightful impression of a delicate oval face, of a pair of bright eyes, of a mass of soft fair hair. The other inmate of the carriage Gerald could see less distinctly, but she was evidently an older woman. It was to her that Captain Raven was talk ing. The young girl had glanced through her window at the club, and at Gerald standing in the doorway, and it was in this brief glance that Gerald had reoeivcd the bewildering im pression of beauty. Then the young lady had turned away, and Gerald only got a glimpse of her side face as she nestled in the white down of her cloak. " It was really most land of you to drop me," Captain Raven said. "Not at all," the elder lady responded, and Gerald liked her voioe for its firm, kind tone. " It is not in the least out of our way. You will not forget the great occasion ?" "Could I possibly," Captain Raven answered gallantly, "while memory holds her seat in this distracted globo ?" " We shall make a convert of you in time," the elder lady replied. " I am halt converted already," said the Captain. "At least you shall see that women can do some things as well as men. You will show him what fencing is like, won't you, dear?" Captain Eaveu turned his face to the young gh-1. " That will be indeed delightful." The girl laughed a delightful laugh, and spoke in a delightful voice. " Wait till you see it, Captain Raven. Don't form rash hopes." " I shall form hopes, bat they will not be rash. So many thanks. Good night." Captain Raven closed the carriage door, raised his hat, the ladies nodded and the oarriage drove rapidly away in the direction of King-street. Raven, turning round, recognised Gerald. He greeted him cheerfully. " IIullo! Aspen my boy, how are you ?" '• I'm all right," Gerald answered. " I say, look here—"l want to speak with you." "Certainly, my dear fellow, certainly. Nothing wrong with the club, I hope? No ooniplaint? No appeal to the committee ?"' Gerald laughed. "No ; no, the club is all right. I just want a word with you." ♦ The solo right of J-orial ruiUioatton in Qtue:Hand b&s; heeu purchased 1)> the Br;*biuc Ncw^a^r Couiiany, Limited. " Right you are. Did you see those women ? Charming women!" "Yea. Who were they?" " What! Don't you know ? Oh, you must know them. Of course, you've heard of them, though—a newspaper man like you." The two men were stilJ standing in the porch of the club. Gerald had his hand upou the swing-door and Haven was looking with an air of half-real, half-affected sentimentality in the direction of King-street, as if to his fanoy the wheels of tho departing carriage had left behind them a hallowed track of golden fire. Gerald could not help laughing at the trouba dour air of the cynical club secretary. "What a fellow you are, Raven," he said. "Who are they, anyhow?" •' My dear boy," said Raven solemnly, " one of those two ladies wbs the charming Lady Scardale, the other was the still more charming Miss Locke." Gerald almost started with surprise, "What—Fidelia?" he asked. Captain Raven eyed him curiously. "Oh, then you have heard of her," he said. 41 That is Mis3 Fidelia Locke." 141 heard of her by mere chance," Gerald hastened to explain. " Her name was on a card of invitation I received—in tho regular way of business—to some function at some college or other of which Lady Scardale—of course, I have heard of Lady Scardale—was the patroness, and Miss Locke's name was on the card." Captain Raven nodded. "That is to be a big business, that function," he said. "Sort of going to teach the world how to revolve out of its own orbit, I believe. Dear Lady Scardale. She's as good and kind a woman as ever breathed, and she'd be as happy as she's good if only she'd married a good man. But there ain't many men with that complaint about," and Captain Raven laughed. "And Miss Looke?" Gerald queried tenta tively. " Oh, Miss Locke is a charming young woman to whom Lady Scardale aots as guide, philosopher, and friend. She is awfully clever, and awfully advanced, and Lady Soardale thinks no end of her—and so do a lot of other people as woll as Lady Scardalo." This time Captain Raven did not laugh. "And she is pretty," said Gerald, answering aloud to his own silent thoughts. If he had gone on as he began he would have added, 41 And she doesn't wear spectacles and carry a baggy umbrella after all." 44 Pretty! I should think she i9. She's just beautiful. I wish all the women in the world were as pretty. By AUah, life would be like the seventh heaven in that case." Captain Raven had travelled considerably in the East, and was fond of tho East, and amused himself and- his friends by affecting occasion ally a Mohatnedanism of language and attitude towards Occidental life. 44 However," he added, 4< I suppose- that wasn't what you wanted to talk to mo about — the oharms of Miss Fidelia Locke ?" 44 Oh, no, indeed," said Gerald. " Then let's get inside and have it out." Captain Raven pushed the door open and the pair entered the hall together. Raven divested himself of his coat—a fur coat, though the April was mild, for the gallant Captain pro fessed an Oriental susceptibility to cold as well as to female beauty. "Let us go into the morning-room, said Raven. " Perhaps there i3 nobody there." Into the morning- room they wont, with its series of fine engraving of famous travellers, all round the walls. Nobody was there as it happened, so Raven and Aspen sat down and Raven began to smoke. 44Now then," said Raven. "Fire away; what is it?" 44 Did you ever," asked Gerald, " hear of a man named Seth Checkering ?" 44 Seth Chickering!" Captain Raven blew a cloud of smoke into the air and reflected while it nvaporated. " Seth Chickering, Seth Chicker ing? Why yes, at least—no, I never knew him, but that's the name of a man who was elected to this club some time ago. What do you know about him ?" 41 Nothing much. But he was heie to-night." 41 The deuce he was! Where did he turn up from ?" Raven was leaning against the mantelpiece, looking down at Gerald, who had dropped into an armchair. Gorald, looking up at him, could not help contrasting him in his mind with the man they wore talking about, with the man who had just left him a few minutes ago. Raven was very tall, and slightly built. His black hair was closely cut; his black moustache was carefully waxed ; his black eyes were very bright. Tho almost Spanish darkness of his skin lent something of what the French call a fatal air to his appearance. Uc was very care fully dressed, and there was about him some thing of that curious compound of skill, quiet strength, and audacity which suggested a blend of the ladies' riding master with the high-toned Mississippi gambler. Yet with every word lie spoke, with every gesture he made, it was plain that he was a gentleman. An adventurer, per haps ; he would scarcely have denied that, but certainly a gentleman adventurer. Yes, he was curiously.unlike Seth Chickering, and it was odd that thoy should have any connection together. "Well,"' said Gerald, "he seomB to have turned up from South Africa. He sat at my table and told mo a long, rambling tale, which I couldn't quite make out. But there's a lot about a diamond mine, and he had a lot of diamonds with him, and he talked of your brother " 44 Yes, I have a brother somewhere out there," Raven remarked. 41 Do you know I am very much afraid from something he said that your brother is no longer alive I'1 •'Ah! is poor old Jim dead?" Raven gave a little sigh, and followed it by a little shrug of tho shoulders. "We weren't very fond of each other. None of our family ever are. A pity, I suppose. Can't be helped, eh'?'' " Of course, I cant be sure," Gerald went on. '• lie may be mi-taken, or I may have mte unJemoc! him. It was a most rambling «tory altogether, but anyhow it ended up by hie drinking more than was Rood for hiin. Then he insisted on going out, and he also insisted on my taking charge of a pookot-book for him. Ho seamed to have taken a 3ort of fancy for me." "I'm not surprised," said Raven goo.il huuiouredly. Raven liked Gerald; he who had seen so much of the world and its ways liked the energetic, enthusiastic young man who had seen so little of either, and whose very cocksuredness was entertaining to so old a hand as Captain Jackdaw. " Well ?" " Well, I took the pocket-book, but really I don't know if I ought to have. I went to the door to give it back to him, but he had gone, and just then you drove up. Look here, Raven, don't you thiuk that as you me secretary of the club I might intrust this document to your safe-keeping V" Raven laughed. " No, thank you, my boy. Catch mo accept ing any responsibility I am not obliged to accept. No, you've taken the pocket-book and you'd better take care of it until you can give it to him again. Where's he staying?" "He didn't say." " Did he make any appointment?" " Oh yes, he said he would come to the club to-morrow, and then he would claim his pocket book." " Well, there you are. You've only got to keep it till then. I shall take care to be on the spot to-morrow and see this Seth Chickering. I'd like to be sure about Jim, too." Gerald was going to say something to Raven about the possible heritage of diamonds, but then he thought he had better hot. After all Seth Chickering's tale might not be true, or Gerald might have mistaken its drift. Anyhow itwasnouae to let Raven prematurely think himself the heir to an inheritance of diamonds. So Gerald held his peace. " Well!" said Raven. " What are you going to do now? Come and have a game at billiards?" "No, thanks," said Gerald. «I'm off to a function, magnificent show, Metropole—you'll see all about it in the Catapult. 11 " Shall I?" said Raven. " Then in that case I won't bother about going myself. It would be a pity to take the edge off my appreciation of your splendid description by forming any previous acquaintance with the dull, common place reality." " That's good of you," said Gerald, " Well, I'm off. Good night." " Good night," said Raven. They had walked together into the hall. Raven lounged slowly up the staircase in the direction of tho billiard-room. Gerald climbed into his overcoat and went off to his festivity. Chapter V.—What Happexed n? St. James's- STREET. St. Jamcs's-street must always be a steady source of delight to the serious lover of London. In its antiquity and its exceeding modernity, at the same time, it exercises upon the true lover something of the same charm of abiding ness, of permanenoy, which makes the charm of Rome. For just as Rome in its great degree has gone on in an unbroken history ever since Romulus leaped over the mud wall, and with that history one might say increasing and not diminishing in interest with the ages, so in its lesser degree St. James's-street presents the same spectacle of unfading vitality. In this street are clubs that bore the same name when the world was well-nigh two centuries younger. When the world was well-nigh two centuries younger St. James's-stpeet was the centre of all that was social, all that was.politioal, all that was brilliant and witty, and, for the matter of that, wicked, in the world of London. The two centuries that have made Hanipstead and Chelsea alike parts of London, which have turned the city of Anne into the hugest metro polis in the world, have left St. James's-street very much what they found it. Altored ex ternally, it remains in spirit the same—the centro of all that is sooial, all that is political, all that is brilliant, and witty, and wicked in the world of London. Talk of haunted places! No. place in the world is more haunted than St. James's-street; not lonely Earn ok, nor the ruin-crowned Acropolis, nor the Coliseum. Well may the vision of the dreamer call up mummied Egypt in the Hall of the Kings ; people the Parthenon with the youths and maidens of the Pan- Athonaic festival, and crowd the deserted Amphitheatre with tbe stately shades of Im perial Rome. These are ruins; the world has passed them by; in their desolation they are the very places for the dreamer to sit in and conjure up the ghosts of antique time. But St. James's-street, with all its animation, its crowd, its movement day and night, with its stately buildings, its never-ending ever-varying throng of passers-by, St. James's-street is to the true visionary as ghostly a spot as any ruined temple that Egypt, Greeoe, or Italy oan offer. Suoh a visionary standing in the win dow of a St. James's-street club sees with his mind's eye all the famous figures of some six generations trooping by—St. John and Swift, Harley and Hervey, Johnson, aud Goldsmith, and wild Riohard Savage, the greater Fox, and the lesser Pitt, and the Walpole who wrote letters, and evil " Q," and good Richardson, and great Burke, and Beau Brumrael, and D'Orsay, and Byron. What a company—what ghosts—what memories 1 The Pillars of Karnak, the Hill of Athena, the circle of the Coliseum cannot evoke shadows more wonder ful than are evoked by this bustling, brilliant, living London street. No reflections of this kind crossed the mind of Mr. Scth Chiokering as he lumbered into St. James's-street a few minutes after he had said good night to Gerald. He may have heard of St. James's-street before, but if he had, the fact awakened no chord in his memory when he now found himself in it. He had turned through York-street into Jerrayn-stieet, and so striding rapidly if somewhat unevenly along had found found himself in a few seconds on the edge of St. James's-street. Tie stood at the corner of Jermyn-street look ing up and down : at Piccadilly glittering on his right, at the distant darkness of St. James's Park on his left, where the great clock of the palace showed like a moon in the gloom. Mr. ChickeriDg swayed for a few momenta in uncer tainty as to the course he should take, lie had drunk a good deal, and though ho had o strong head he was a little confused and dizzy, and as he paused now he yawned sleepily. If may bavo been this vague sense of fatigue which prompted him to turn to the left rathei than to the right, to move in tho direction ol quiet and obscurity rather than in that of noiea and brightness. Anyhow, he did turn to tha loft, and mado his way more slowly now down St. James's-street towards the park. Whatever ho was conscious of, lie was pro bably not conscious of the historical nature of the ground ho was treading, of all itu associa tions, of all the great and famous ghosts who had gone down that street before him—and whom he wa3 so soon to join. But if no such appropriate reflections crossed the heated brain of Mr. Chiokering, they danced agreeably enough in the mind of another pedes trian. Almost at the very moment when Mr. Checkering turned into St. James's-street from Jevmyn street another man turned into St. James's-street from Piccadilly, and proceeded to walk leisurely down it3 loft-hand side. He was a man who was fond of indulging in occa sional reflections, and if those reflections wore often of a somewhat obvious kind, he had at least mado them in so many out-of-the-way parts of the world that the triteness of the reflections gained a dignity from the strange ness of the circumstances which evoked them. Just now St. James's-street soemed stv.iuger than the desert and odder than Siberia <o the meditative gentleman, who smoked his cigar and sauntered lazily along, pleasing his thoughts by feeding them on the former for tunes of St. Jameß's-street, and amusing him self by mentally conjuring up the shades of St. Johu and of Fox to keep him company. Suddenly he dismissed those etatcly glioste from his mind. Some considerable distance away he caught sight of a bulky figure clad in yellow garments, who waß lumbering along ahead of him. Something in the gait, something in the garments, troubled tho spectator's mind. Ho came to a halt for a moment, as lounging men will often do when suddenly brought face to face with a problem which requires con centration. The form was familiar to him, he felt sure ; the very cut of the garments stirred him with nebulous recolleotions. What was it? Who was it? That the form was familiar to him tha lounger did not doubt for an instant; he had a good memory but he could not at the moment place the personality. In which of the many parts of the world he had been familiar with did he boast an acquaintance with a man so built and wearing just such garments ? In vain he puzzled; the light would not come. " Bah!" he said to himself. "Lotus give chase and overtake him; that will solve the mystery." And as he thought he moved briskly forward again. But 10, at that very instant his quarry had vanished. "' The earth has bubbles as the water hath,' " he quoted to himself as he paused again, " and this is of them." It was certainly a fact, the burly man in the yellow suit whom he had seen only a minute before had vanished, as completely as if the earth had swallowed him. " Very funny," muttered the lounger to him self. "He can't have gone into a shop because they are all shut. Perhaps he lives here and haß entered his lodgings." The meditative individual had fallen back into his slow lounge again and proceeded on his way, scanning with a certain curiosity each house as he pasied it in speculation as to whether it was the one which sheltered the mysterious apparition. Suddenly he came to a pause. He had come, most unexpectedly, to a gap in the continuity of the houses; ho was standing at the mouth of a narrow court which led abruptly off St. James's-street. It was a very narrow court indeed; the entrance was no wider than the width of an ordinary door. It looked very black within, though there seemed to be some kind of feeble light at the end of it. The lounger whistled softly to himself. "Well," ho mused, "I thought I knew St. James's-street pretty well, but I never remember seeing this court before. Live and learn, by Jove! To think that I have travelled all over the globe, and learn for the first timo of the existence in my most familiar street of n oourt which possibly dates from the days of Anne." He gave a vigorous puff at his cigar. " I wonder," he went on reflecting, " if niy quarry could have dodged down here." As he thought, it seemed to him that ho heard the sound of voices dimly down in the darkness—even that he heard something like a fall. 111 wonder if there is anything going on down there," the lounger asked himself. " Let me satisfy a natural curiosity and see." At that second, and as he was just about to advance in the darkness, he reoeived a violent shook. A man rushing right out of the dark ness cannoned heavily against him. The lounger was a strong man, and strongly built, but he staggered a little under the forco of the impact, and the man who fell against him staggered also. As the rushing new comer staggered back he uttered a sound more like a growl of animal rage and fear than any articulate expression, even an oath. For ono moment his face was turned towards the man against whom he had reeled and wa3 distinctly visible in the light of the gas lamp. A bearded face with a shook head of hair under a work man's hat, the hair of a ruddy colour—that wa3 all the lounger saw in the brief glimpse afforded to him of his unexpected and apparently in voluntary assailant. The next moment tho man had turned and fled swiftly and noiselessly down the street in the direction of the park, and was out of sight before the lounger had quite recovered his breath. " Well," said the lounger to himself, " that*') a rum way to behave. He was in a blazing hurry and no mistake. What a face the fellow had. What made him so scared too ?" As he put these questions to himself the lounger, still standing in the entranoe to tha little court, recovered the wind that had been knooked out of him by the vehemence of the fugitive's impetus. With his recovered breath earns the deoision to go to the end of the court, flie discovery of whose existence had so muoh surprised him. He walked slowly on. The entrance was dark, narrow, and dirty, running between two houses, and suddenly coming to an end in a square open plaoo like a yard, walled in by the backs of various buildings. It was a queer, dingy hole enough; the oddest kind of place to assooiate with St. Jaraes's-street. It was quite a small place, about as muoh space as would be oovered by an ordinary house. It was .shut in on all sides, except at the mouth of the narrow passage, by the backs of the houses. The backq of dingy houses in crowded localities are seldom cheerful sights, but it seemed lo the stranger as if these backs of houses looked especially depressing, and as if the windows with which they were pieroed had an exceptionally lugubrious aspect. In some of the windows liglits were visible; high above, the blue heaven sparkled with stars. The air of the place was close and oppressive, and the new comer felt as if he wanted to gasp for breath. •' What a beastly place," he said to himself as he stood in the mouth of the opening and looked about him. " I wonder if my mysterious friend lives in this hole by any chance. If so, I really do not envy him hi3 choice of a resi dence." He advanced a little, moving cautiously, for the place was not well lighted. A single gas lamp protruding from the wall could hardly be Said to illuminate tho cheerless spot. " Talk about darkness visible," the explorer muttered to himself as he moved forward, still impelled by the curiosity which had led him to Senetmteso far. "I should think this is about 10 worst-lit place in the world. What a out throat kind of hole it is!" As he said this he came to a pause just under the single gas lamp. The light this gave forth was indeed wretched; it seemed to fill the dismal spot with uncanny shadows, and the lounger shuddered, involuntarily acknowledging the depressing influence of the place. As he did so his attention was attracted by one shadow moro uncanny than the rest — a shadow in a corner that looked like the huddled mass of a fallen body. Tiio explorer advanced to wards it resolutely. It was not a shadow; there was something solid there; it was the body of a man lying all in a heap with its face turned to the wall. "Is he drunk?" the new comer asked him self. "Drunk or " He did not finish his sentenoe; but, stooping down, touched the body. The touch was enough to turn it back and the light fell full on the upturned faoe. It was the faoe of a dead man, there was no doubt of that, but it was not the 'sudden presenoo of death whioh so startled the discoverer that he sprang to his feet with a etjr of surprise. The faoe was a familiar one to him, very familiar. "Why!" he cried, "it's Seth Chiokering!" [to be continued.] 