LOCAL AND GENERAL. A special meeting of the Ferries Board was held in tbe boardroom last evening. Present: Messrs. E. S. Aiken, president in tbo chair, J. Palmer, J. Rowland, "W. Red mond, F. Bass, and W. Redmond, clerk of the Board. The minutes of previous special meectng were reaa>ana conurmeu. The president explained the purpose for which the meeting was called, viz., to consider the revision of the bylaws. The Clerk then read the bylaws, which were considered striatum and amended on various points. An ameodment was made that the Board shall in future meet on tho first Thursday of the month at 7.30 p m. A motion was car ried tbat a special meeting be held this day month to confirm the bylaws as amended. Re Taotitha-street ferry, the President thought tho charge should be uniform with the steam ferry. Mr. Redmond dissented as impracticable. Tbe former believed a half penny would be more remunerative. He also believed they should bo on a similar footing. The question of leasing the ferries to different lessees was then considered, Mr. Rowland pointing ont that tbe lessee of the steam ferry would find it to his advantage to protect himself by seenring the Tantitha- street ferry. Discussion followed on the advisability of adhering to tho original in tention of caHing for separate tenders for each ferry. After reading the draft of the proposed lease, the proceedings terminated. Sunday Services.— At the Congregational Church on Sunday the Rev. Robert Hogg, of Blaokstone, Goodna, will occupy tho pulpit both forenoon and evening. The suhjeot in the forenoon will be—" God for us— or the believer's majority ; " and in the evening — " No separation from the love of God." The rev. gentleman will also preach in the same church on Sunday, 27th inst. At tbe Primitive Methodist- Church the Rev. M. Foggou will preach Sunday School sermons morning ana evening. Morning subject i "Influencing tbe ohildren." Evening subject. : " Feeding the Lambs." The Rev. J. M'Konzie will give an address in the afternoon. Mr. Foggon will preach at Burnett Heads at 3 p.m. At the Wesley&n; Church oa Sunday next Mr. A. Gibson will preach in tbe morning, and the Rev. T. Broeslogton in the evening j subject — "Baptism of tbe Holy Ghost the Church's great need." Tbe Rev. T. Braseington will also preach at Sooth Kolan in the morning, and Sharon io the afternoon at 3 o'clook. The Rev. O. Chrietensen will prcaah ia the Rcchabitcs Hall, George-street, at 10.30 a m. and 780 p.m. Morning subject t "The personality and work of the Holy Spirit," will be preached in.DaniBh Evening sub ject: "What entitles and enables a man to preaoh Christ," will bo delivered in English. Seve&al; idle rnmors have boon circulated in oonneotlon with the banking crisis and tho dosing of tho local foundry.; We aro In a posi tion to state they are entirely without founda tion. Tho numbor of oontraoto in hand, all of whioh must bo completed in time for the early opening of tho orushing season renders, each a step wholly impossible. We learn, however, tbat tho workmen at tho foundry fully under stand tbo inoonvenienoe oooaeloned to their em ployers by tho preeent suspension of payment, and have unanimously aooopted tho situation, knowing full woU that tho present disarrange ment ie only of a temporary oharaoter. Per haps no stronger evidence could be advanced at the present time of the great importance of the sugarndastry, and bat for whioh the men now employed at tbe foundry would undoubtedly havo been thrown Idle. Evidently those who have oiroulated the rumor overlooked tho groat importanoe of sugar machinery on tho eve of a orushing season. A correspondent writes from Childers anent the recent Burrum election. On polling day, ho eays,- Mr. Tooth's supporters were conspicuous by tbe " blue ribbon," and some animated betting was indulged iu on the mult. ' One well-known Bundaberg gentleman offered to lay any money on Tooth, and the result proved he was right. — Messrs. Farquhar and Holmes, of tho Colonial Sugar Refining Co., Brisbane and Sydney, aro pro secuting active business amongst tho Isis farmers. There is a unity of opinion that tho election of Mr. Tooth is aguatanteeto the farmers that they oan enter upon enne growing with assured success, and as the number of mills in tho Isis district must rapidly increase, there will bo a ready market for all the oane that cnu bo grown. Why don't you bay tho Hammond Type Writer? It is sold at Sydney prices by G, J. Young and Co. A special meeting of tho Committco of the AgricuUiiral nna Pastoral Sooiety will bo held in tho Secretary's office, Quay-street, at 2.30 p.m., on Tucrday, tho 23rd inst., to consider the advisability of postponing tho annual show originally fixed for August 23rd nod 24th next Thia meeting has been celled on account of tho recent finanolal developments. Wo cannot withhold tho opinion that something akin to a scaro has seized tho numbers of tho A. nud P. Society who nb this early stage of finnuoial trouble, speak of the ndvianhility of potUponing the annual show. Turning tho koy in tho teller's desk cannot prevent ft mbnud garden produce from growing in tho ground. If it oan, thou wo might nB well abolish shows altogether. Wo trust tho oaliuer-honderi members of the Sooioty will rocognipc the wisdom of carrying out the original intention of holding a show iu August. A fairlt attended meeting of tho W.C.T.U was held in tho Presbyterian Hall on Wednesday afternoon. Mrs. Nicol sub mitted to the meeting a very appropriate design for tho top of their advertising snoots. Letters were read from Mre. Shelton, super intendent of Hygionc, and from Mrs. Car- voBse, giving instructions for making Mrs. Harrison Lee's mission succo3sful. Mrs. Lee has long been intending to visit Queens land, but was uuable to do »o until now. Her name is a household word, in Victoria, and she is paid to. be nn adopt at collecting statistics showing tho waste that drink is causing. It is earnestly hoped tho friends of right and temperauco will do a'l they oan to make her visit a blessing to the town. It will be some weeks yet before she can roach as. At the Polico Court yesterday, beforo the P.M., Charlie, an S.S.I., was charged with absconding from hiB hired servioe. He pleaded guilty aud was ordered to pay £1, and 4s. 6d. costs of court, in default suffer 10 days in the look-up. If defendant agree? to return to his employer forthwith and pay costs of court tho above- mentioned fino will not be enforoed. Before the samo Bench Christina M'Leod appearod on a oharge of beingof unsound' wind. Remanded for 48 hours for medical observation. Thomas Lines, charged with lareony from a dwelling, and after hearing evideuce was remanded for 24 hours for sentence. In view of tho looking-up of so muoh oapital in the suspondod banks, many omployors and plnntcrs have boon oompeliod to intimate to their employees tho difficulty attendant on pay ment of wages until tho muoh spoken of "re construction" of tho banking institutions takes plaoo. It was loft an opon question with too workers to ceaso work, but so far wo aro ploased to stato wo havo heard of no demur on thoir part. On tho plantations, wo understand, tho usual provision nas boon mado for tho continu ance of supplies. A littlo deferred payment under too otroumstoncos will hurt no ono. A special meeting of tho Goobnrrum Divisional Bonrd was held yesterday nftei noon. Mr. S. Johnston, of Watcrviow, co copied the chair, and there were present Messrs. R. S. Aiken, Jorgen Nielson, J. Palmer, A. Broom, A. Young, and B. Work man. The business of the meeting was to consider the adoption of a valuatioo, and the roll that was recognised for tbe year 1802, with amendments to date, was adoptod ac cordingly. Tbe Clerk received instructions to issne the rate notices immediately. Wb direct attention to the photographic announcement in another column by Mr. Cottell, late of A Lomsr and Co., Brisbane, who bos purchased the business sc long and successfully carried on by Mr. A. R. Fos- brooke, in Bourbon-3trecb. Yesterday Mr. Cottell photographed tho members of the local Bicycle Club ia full riding costume, pictures of whioh will shortly be availabo. We have no doubt Mr, Cottell will meet with every success in bis new venture. In the Small Debts Court on Wednesday, before the P.M., tbe case by A. Woodward against Gorlick and H&bbermann; for timber cat and supplied — £11 lis.— was heard. There was no appearance of defendant. Mr. H. Thorburn, of Messrs. Morton, Powers, and Thorbarn, solicitors, appeared for the plaintiff and a verdict was given as olaimed, with costs of court 1>3., mileage 12s., and £2 2s. professional costs. The other business of the Court was unusually light. One case was withdrawn and another adjourned for a week. We direct attention to ndvb in another column ' notifying tbe opening night in Bundaberg on the evening of the 25th, of the Empire Minstrel and Specialty Com pany, who have beon appearing successfully in Brisbane for tho past three months. There is something to suit all taetcs in this combination, and as no minstrel troupe has appeared in Bundaberg for a very long time, we feel assured good support awaits the Empire Company. Mr. George Herbert, tbe advance agent . of tho above company, is in town making preliminary arrangements. Yesterday a printed placard was to be soen in many shop windows "20s. worth of goods given in exchange for £1 notes of hanks whioh have suspended payment.'' This was, indeed, reassuring information to the publio and was largel; availed of. Bub one enterprising storekeeper colipaed oven this gratifying announcement by offering goods to the vaiuo of 21s 1 Could the publio wish for more under the eironmstanoe ? W learn tbat tbo man named Joseph Cowen, who, as mentioned in our last issne, was severely kicked by a horse at Winder mere plantation, has since succumbed to his injuries. He was removed to tbo Hospital, and though every effort was mado oa his behalf lie never rallied. 'Hi9 remains wero interred in tbe Roman Catholio Cemetery on Wednesday afternoon. Ardor -Day at tho Comanju sohool was a great success. Over 209 people attended. After the established Arbor Day business was over, games aud sports of all kinds were Indulged in till dark. A concert and farce were given in the Bohool after the day's sport. ThoBucc<?8b of the day may be attributed to tho tireless efforts of Messrs. Bettiens and Sellars, members of the committee, and also tho head teacher. In connection with tbo establishment of a JointDairy Board at Bundaborg, wo learn tbat the Town Clerk has received a letter from the Colonial Secretary intimating that pend ing the consolidation and revision of tbe Loo&l; Government laws, such a Board will not be created at present. Foil attention will bo devoted by th® Government to this im portant matter as soon as oiroametaoces allow. Mr. A L. Fetrie, M.L.A. for Toombnl after a short visit to sevoral of tbo planta- tiona in this district, left for Brisbane by yesterday morning's train. Tho hon. gentle- man expressed surprise at tne immense area under cane in the Woongarra Sorub, and intends to visit Bundaborg again when tho crashing season is in full swing. Wk are favored by Mr. H. St. G. Caulfeild with the following roport of tho Labour Bureau for week ended yesterday's datei— Supply— 4 firemen, 1 onglnefirivor, 5 general laborers, 1 carpenter, 1 farm laborar, total 12. Demand— 1 ploughman, (since supplied). Satisfactory reports continue to \ho reoeived from tho Monal goldfield, and early in the preeent week a parcel of 204 ozs. of gold, from 114 tons stone, was brought down by Mr. T. Cnlvcrt and taken io Gytnpie. It wus from the Lady Griffith P.O. claim. Another parcel is expected in a week or so. Tiie celebrated Dulby is the be?t colonial tobacco in the market. At G. J, Young and Co'e.# 