MERCURY JUNIOR. HOW DICKON CAME BY HIS HAME. [IN FOUE CHAPTERS.] CHAPTEE III. A STRANGE CHRISTMAS EVE. When two nights and two days had passed, Dickon and Andreas found themselves on the furthermost edge of the forest. Hero skirted the woodland a highroad which neither had seen before. Beyond this were a rolling moor 'country and distant mountains, the sight of which was strange to them j but house of any kind there was none. When their eager gaze, sweeping all the prospect, had made certain that no habitation was to be Been, Dickon groaned deeply, and little Andreas wept outright. As they stood thus, Andreas clenched his hands at his breast, lifting his white face npward toward the bare boughs. Then he closed his eyes, and staggering a single step, fell forward to the ground, and lay there on his face like a log. Dickon lifted his comrade in his arms, and bore him back into the thicket. Oat in the open where the two youths had viewed the highroad the earth was frozen stiff, and snow lay thin-spread upon it ; but behind thera, on the path they had made, lay warmer nooks sheltered by tangled shrubs. To the first cf these Dickon pushed his way, and putting the lad softly down, began gathering dry, dead leaves by arnifuls and piling them over the senseless body. On these he laid branches, and then again more leaves, until only the boyish, sleeping face met the air. Now he made another journey to the onter place which they had won, and gleaning from the ground the three things he had left there, brought them back to where the lad lay under his leaves, and put them down beside him. These were the crossbow, the book in its casket, and the mangled carcass of a boar which he had killed, but had eaten of more to his harm than good, since there was no fire with which to cook the meat. Dickon, looked down to his friend, and saw that the boy was awake, and sick unto death. Cold and hunger and the toil of wild wandering had dealt harshly with even Dickon's own tough English flesh and blood. They were killing the fragile lad from foreign parts. "Do you get warmth?" he asked, dolefully, as he had asked scores of other times. For answer the lad closed his eyes and shook his head in weakness. Then Dickon knelt down and did a thing strange to all his knowledge of customs. He kiBsed the pale forehead which Jiy half-hid among the leaves ThcD, as if in shame, he sprang to his feet. " Bide you here till I come," he said, and turning, strode off toward the open, with the crossbow under his arm. For warmth's sake and the fperil which brooded behind him, he swung himself forward at a swift pace down the highroad. The air and the move ment kindled his blood a little. A full league it seemed to him he must have tramped, over barren moorland and through wind" ing defiles with steep, unfriendly sides of bare rock, before he came to anything that spoke of human habitation. Then, as the skies were darkening into twilight, he entered unawares into the deeper shadows of a great wall, gray and forbidding, rising above the highway like a prrfc of the boulders themselves. At the base of this, as if entering up in the heart of the earth, was a small, black door of wood, framed in frowning stone. On this door of the monastery Dickon pounded with his fists, and with the handle of his weapon, and presently there carne a sound as of bolts with- drawn. The door opened half-way, and a chalk faced young friar in white gown and hood stood before him. " Enter," .this spectral figure said, and trembled with the cold. " Nay, fire is what I seek," stammered Dickon, almost in fright at the ghost- like form before him, and at the strange sound of a .inkling bell echoing from the rocks overhead. "Canst not welt till thou art dead forthat?" the white-robed phantom said, in tones of earthly vexation. He would have shut the door at this, but that Dickon sprang forward, thrust his bow against the inner frame, and clutched the frier by the arm. " Fire ! fire !" he cried. " Give me that to kindle fire, or I kill you-like the others !" The monk stood stock-still, and curled the thin corners of his lips in scorn at this tude boy, and held him with his blight, sneering gaze. Dickon looked into these sharp, cold eyes, and felt himself a noisy fool. " Nay, father," he stumbled on, pleadingly, " if I get not a fire, he dies !" " Hast thy head full of dead men, seemingly," the young Cistercian replied. He cast his glance down over this rough visitor, and noting the blood-splashes upon his hose, lifted his brows in wrathful inquiry. Then he snatched up the crucifix from the end of the chain at his girdle, and thrust it swiftly into Dickon's face. " Who art thou, churl ?" he demanded. " Whose blood is this ?" " Dickon's nerve sank into his shoes. "A boar that I have slain, good father," he answered in a mumbling whimper, " and lack fire wherewith to roast it ; and the raw flesh is ill food, and he can eat naught of it, and gets no warmth, and must die if I win not a fire." At this the monk softened. He led Dickon into the outer porch, and gleaned the purport of his story. Only Dickon said nothing of the book or of the two men he had killed. " Fire thou shalt have," the young monk said, more kindly, when Dickon's tale was finished. " But first go through the gates before thee to the hall, and take all thou wilt of meat and ale. None will deny thee. 'Tis the eve of holy Christmas, and though we fast, thou and thy kind may feed in welcome." "It is only fire I seek," said Dickon, doggedly, though all his vitals clamoured in revolt against the speech. "Food I will none till he hath Bupped." " So be it," said the monk, and left Dickon alone under the groined archway in the growing darkness. Presently he came again, and put flint and steel and tinder into the lad's hand. He gave him also a leathern bottle stopped with wax and a little cheese wrapped in fine atraw. " Bear these along," he said. " It is the Christ- mas eve. Peace be with you," and so motioned the boy away. Dickon's tongue was not used to words of thanks, and he had turned in Eilence to go out when the monk called to him, and then came forward to the outer door. "You were to kill me-like 'the others,'" he said, with a grim smile curling his lips. " What others ?" "Two of Sir Watty's men, whom I smote down as they would have fallen upon him," said D'ckon, pride struggling with apprehension. The monk smiled at this outright, and departing again abruptly, returned with a pasty in a dish, enfolded in cloths. "Now God be with you!" he said, heartily. "Hither bring your strange gossip on the morrow, if he find his legs." Once outside the rock-girt postern, Dickon set to running, his armB full with the burden of the fraw's gifts, and his heart all aglow with joy. It was a wearisome enough ascent, and the darkness of even was drawing ever cloBer over the earth, and the lad's empty stomach oried aloud at every furlong for food ; but still he pressed on. When at last he had gained the point on the road whence his quest had begun, the light had altogether failed. Then only he struck his flint, and set fire to some leaves. From these he kindled a knot of dry branches, and with this for a torch pushed his way into the woods. " Andreas," he called out, when at last he stood above his friend, " here is fire and food !" The white face among the leaves was the colour of the snow he had left behind him. The eyes were half-open, but no answering light came into them. The boy lay as if dead. With a startled cry Dickon let fall his spoilB, and dropping to his knees, lifted the other's head up against his waist. It twisted inertly upon the thin neck and hung forward. Was life truly gone ? Like one in a daze, Dickon laid the boy down again among the leaveB, and rose to bia feet, Btill holding the burning sticks in his hand. The flames carne painfully near to his flesh before he started into sense again. Then he swiftly built a fire in a cleft among the rockB at the end of the little hollow, piling dry wood and leaves upon it till the Maze lighted up everything about. This done, he knocked off the waxen cover of his leather bottle, cut out the stopper, and kneeling once more, put its mouth to the dying lad's lips. Strange tears came into hia eyee as, after only a brief moment, thoae of hie friend opened in truth, and gazed wonderingly upward at the luminous volume of ascending smoke. Then the sliçht frame shuddered piteously with a recurring chill, and the dread sleep fell upon it once more. Dicken dragged him to the fire, piling leaves behind for support, and holding the lad's hands almost into the flames, so desperate did the strait seem to be. Then he stripped off his own leathern j'acket, and wrapped it about Andreas He heaped fresh .fuel on the fire, he rubbed the slender limbs for warmth with his rough hands, he I forced more of the wine-drink down the boy's throat-all at once, aB it were, in a frenzy of resolve that death should at all hazards be fought off. And so it came about, for presently Andreas was sitting propped up upon the mound of leaves, smiling faintly with pleasure at the new warmth in his veins, and sucking bare the last bird-bones from the pie. Dickon gnawed ravenously upon the smoky and half-eooked piece of tough meat he had cut from the ham of the boar, and watched the sweet spectacle of his friend restored to life, in an abstraction of dumb joy. Andreas lifted bia hand in air, and uttered an exclamation of surprise. " It ia Christmas eve !" he said. " I had for- gotten !" "So said the friar," Dickon mumbled between mouthfuls, tearing at the food meanwhile with hia teeth. "He waa in two minds about having me flogged, but for that. The monks have a fear of the king, they say, and on the daya he marks for them durât not break bread for themselves. Thus this friar must needa fast to-day-so he aaid. How could the king know, if he slipped in some food while-times ? He hath not been in these parts this many years." "It is not the king, Dickon," answered Andreas. " A greater than any king ordereth theae mattera." "Aye, the lord of Warwick," said Dickon. " My father rode with him, in far countries, when he waa lusty. But the king slew him years agone, in a battle by London town. Wist you not that ?" " Tut, tut," the lad in ragged velvet made reply, smiling at first, and then more gravely. " Your Warwick is dust and bones, as every man shall be, the king not less than the meanest knave. But God does not die, and He ruleth all things." " Sir Watty swore ever by Him," said Dickon. " But he hath not once set foot in Shropshire, in my time." Andreas lifted himself at this, with eyes marvel- ling at such ignorance. "Oh, Dickon lad, thou hast the very mother's milk of learning to find thy way to," he cried, and crossed hia knees by the ruddy blaze, tailor fashion, to begin. The story that he told to Dickon was such a one as never Christian child in theae times needs to hear, but rather draws in from every source, unconsciously, like Bpeech and the shapings of thought. But to Dickon it was brand new, since at Egswith no godly man had ever shown his face. He listened to it all with open mouth and brain. As for Andreas, he grew presently conscious of fatigue, and lay back upon bia couch of leaves as his narrative unfolded. Then, the instant spur of food and warmth becoming spent, his voice grew fainter, and in the returning weakness his thoughts wandered from the thread of the Bublime story to tender memories of how it had been illuminated and decked out in hie old German home. "Ach, Heber Tannenbaum !" he murmured, with the firelight in his dreamy eyes. " It was a sight to live for, Dickon-the beautiful fir-tree before you, with burning candles faatened in among the branches, and Christmas gifts hanging underneath, -every little minute something new you found, and father, mother, brothers, sisters, all in the happy ring around the tree, with j'oyf al songs and good wiBhea-woe ! woe ! I ahall never see it again !" " That thou shalt, and hundreds of them," said Dickon, cheerily. But Andreas shook his head in sadness, and gazed into the crackling blaze as though it were a tomb. " Old Geraldus and I would have had a tree," he sighed at last. " Each year aince we carne ont from Augsburg we made us one, and sane the dear old German songs, and gave each other gifts. And this year we were both to give this goodly ' Troilus ' to Sir John-and lo ! they are both murdered, dead, and I am following them, close at their heels-and 'Troilus' will come to naught. And never had more cunning and shapely work been done, not even in Augsburg !" "IB it far-that ' Owg'-what name do you call it ?" asked Dickon. " Aa far as London town ?" The lad smiled faintly from where he lay. " It ia across the 6ea, and many days' j'ourney still." "And does the king come there oftener than into Shropshire ?" " Dull boy ! There your king durst never come. It IB not his country. There ia an emperor, and then a Wittelsbach Duke, but even theae may not come into Ausr8burg if the burghers say them nay. The tongue is different there from yourB, and so, glory be to the saints, are the manners, too. There learning flourishes, and men are gentle, and books like poor Troilus yonder are monthly made by dozens." " Wherefore came you hither, then ?" queried Dickon, with rude islander logie. " It waa the madness in my maater'e head. He deemed that here he should be welcome, bringing a new craft to make knowledge common. But these be beasts here in Shropshire, not men. They desire not books, but only blood and battle and red meat. " Men come by knowledge to their hurt," said Dickon. "There was a clerk turned thief in Eg8with with Sir Watty, and ho was Ekilled to fashion markB on paper so wiso men might know their meaning-and him they hanged at Rednalfor a rogue four winters syne." . " For that he waa a robber, and no true clerk," retorted Andreas. Dickon looked into the fire for answer, and then at the black, starless sky overhead. He roae, and bueied himself for a time in gathering fresh fnel, and then in roughly wattling some side shelter at the back of the bed of leaves. Some vagrant flakes of snow sifted through the branches above, and he reflected upon the chances of making a roof on the morrow. Or doubtless it| would be better to go farther back, and build more securely there. He put the question to Andreas by way of talk, restoring the fire meanwhile. The German boy smiled in wonder. " Why, on the morrow, if strength comes baok to me, hie we to the good white friars. They bade you come, and me, too !" Dickon's face clouded over. "Nay, I'm for the greenwood," he said, stub hornly. " I will wear no man's collar more, nor sleep under roof. To be free, here in the open, it maketh a new man of me. And so, an you leave me, here I abide alone, or in these parts." "How should I leave thee, Dickon?" said tke other, softly. " That could not be. But freedom ließ not alone out under the skies, in wind and cold. Was any other more free Öian I, with my old master ? Come, thou shalt be ruled by me- and we will make our way out from these ruffian parts together, and somewhere we shall light upon a gentle patron, and there I will carve new types and build a press, and thy stout arms shall turn the screw, and I will teach thee learning, and-" He broke off all at once, and gazed wistfully upward at the mounting volume of smoke and snapping sparks for a long time in silence. Dickon looked on him, speechless but with great things dawning confusedly in his head. (To le continued.) 