Jocularious. It isn't every one who can distinguish a bald head without either seeing or feeling it, Madame Steen, however, can do the triok as easy as a street arab can dodge a polios* man The other Saturday evening one of th* ootnmittee, whoBe top soil is barren and bare, was having his watch and ornaments dea cribed by the blindfolded medium with «nr- prising correctness, when sndden- like the Professor placed bis hand on the Committee' mAn*a IKoad an^ .jvmliAfl 'Atil: ' *c And' wfl&fc;*A this ?' With equal suddenness Madame re* plied, ' That's a bald head.' Oar friend was as surpri«ed and more amused than if be bad seen a ghost, and the audience appreciated the incident immensely. They now want to know how it's done. A good story ^is told of a certain parson ia Auckland, who is very fond of a jok*. ? He was going to marry a couple, and before the appointed day came off he was inter*' viewed by a young man who stated tbat be was going to be the * best man ' at tbe cere* - mony, and that be wished to secure tbe first kiss, at the same time asking the parson to as8isthtm. The pars in (with a twinkle in his eye) told him that at the end of tbe cere* mony would be the best chance, and {when be saw him about to close the boek be w%s to take the bint. Wben the appointed hour arrived the best man was there, and as the service progressed be was observed to be watching the book intently. About half way through the service tbe parson made a movement as if to dose the book, and the young fellow immediately made fortbebride and secured the coveted kiss. Imagine tbe sarpri8e on all sides.. The bride blushed crimson, the bridegroom stared, and the bridesmaids tittered, whilst the poor young man, who looked very small, got a aevere lecture from the parson, for behaving in Bach a manner. ? '' ? ? ?? r -: '''- ? . ''^ When Adam, in bliss, Askedl Eve for a kiss, She puckered her lips with a ooo ? Gave a look so ecitatio, . An answer emphatic, 'I don't care, Adam, if yon do.' — :o:— :o:— , ' . A Sydney man advertised the other, day that he would not be responsible for- his ' wif d's debts, and she replied by answering him that she knew a gentleman who would Bave him the trouble, by paying her trades* people cash on delivery. . . — :o:— :©:— ' A Victorian lady, a Mrs M'Closkey, last week sought and obtained a divorce from ber husband on the grounds that in 1885 she nad given him £5 to go and look for work, and that be had taken to drink instead, and ifae had not Been him since. The woman who in cold blood gives her husband £5 with which to look for work courts disaster. What should he want with work having that ; amount of money ? If she bad merely given . him bis tram fare and a cake of tobaooo the probability is that she would be at the present moment tbe mistress of a nappy home, . MS 