Selected. CATHOLIC WOMANHOOD. .... An Admirable address was delivered in Che Catholic Women's Congress .in the Art Insti tute of the World's Fair, Chicago, on Thursday night, May IV, by Miss Mary T. Onahan, We give an abstract:— . A history of Catholic women in philanthropy would mean principally, though not entirely, a history of the religious orders of the church— a subject far top high and fisr too broad for any but the most gifted pen. Even to name those religious orders would take much time, much patience, some research. Their name is legion. No sin, no suffering, no sorrow in the world but the^great woman heart is there to alleviate it. She iB herein our own city, she is in every country on the globe. For a few scattered in dividuals, not a few hundreds or dozens but thousands and thousands of them. In this city alone there are not less than 1,G00 nuns. They relieve the State of many of its burdens, they step in when all others fail (as they did in the smallpox hospital in this city), but they have no salaried officers; they do so not for earthly reward or for earthly glory, but for God and for eternity. They care for our or phans, nurse our sick, take charge of our foundlings, reclaim our criminals. Their daily life differing in minor details, according to the difference of their rules, is in the main the same. It is a life of drudgery, of self-denial, of patient bravery, often of humiliation.. We have seen them, these women of real nobility—philanthropy applied to them seems a cool-blooded term. We have seen - the little Sister of the Poor, starting bravely out in the morning to beg bread, not for herself—she is the last consideration—but for her "old peo ple we have seen her dining, as is the rule, she who comes often from luxurious surround ings, dining on the scraps that these old people leave ; we have seen her at the end of the day wheD, tired and exhausted herself, lifting up some feeble old creature in her arms and stow ing her away ia bed as gently, as kindly as if she were to her the dearest being on earth in stead of, the veriest stranger 1 we have seen her through the night kneeling at that bedside, praying while all others slept. THEY ABE EVEBYWHEBE. We have seen the gentle follower of St. Yin cent, he who trudged the Paris streets gather ing those wailing babies into the folds of bis capacious cloak; we have seen his womanly follower clasping the little one in her armB, stilling the cries which the mother refuses to hear, guiding, when they are older and in the mazes of the kindergarten, those toddling childish steps. We have seen the Little Hand maids hurrying on their rounds to nurse the flick, to perform in a manner oh! so different from our modern undertakers the Last sad offices for the dead. We have seen the white bonnets of the Sisters of Charity fluttering like doves in our hospitals as they have hovered over battle fields throughout the world. When the world is asleep, all save pleasure and folly, the nun in her cloister is sleepless. She is rising for matins, she is watching by some sick bed, she is sustaining some poor soul speeding fast on its way to eternity. Her garb is of the humblest, her food is often what others leave, her work a work that, receives no plaudits, that, in this world at least, is never crowned. In many cases—the great majority indeed—her very namd is dropped. It is in truth the most sub limated humility. , The religious orders of the churoh are no modern institution. They date almost from its birth. Their wonderful organisation, their un bounded vitality, (heir principle of governments combining the vigor of democracy with the administrative power of an unlimited monarchy have excited the admiration of stu dent and historian for centuries. And all these great orders of the church are for women as well as for men—Dominicans, Benedictines, Franciscans; scarcely an order that has hot its branch for women. In the very earliest ages of the church bands of holy women devoted their lives to the service of their fellow creatures. WOMEN OF OUB DAY. In our day what need to tell of the work of women. They are everywhere, these plainly garbed, gentle-voiced, energetic workers. In Africa they are working shoulder to shoulder with the missionary in the province so dearly loved by the lamented Cardinal Lavigerie. In Senegambia and Sierra Leone the Holy Ghost fathers are no more energetic in converting and baptising the warriors of the savage tribes than are the Irish nuns in teaching and civilizing their women and children. Indeed, without the co-operation of the nuns, many of the foreign missions, would have to be abandoned, as it u an. unwritten law among many of the savage tribes (hat no man, white or black, priest or laymen, can enter their homes or speak to, their women. The nans can go everywhere nnmolested, -Theworkof women in China and Japan, in the islands of Oceania, is too well known to need comment here, ; The annals of the propa gation of the faith are filled with their glorious story. They have even gone to the leper colo nies, where, as Dante inscribed over the In ferno, might well be written : " All hope aban don ye who enter here.*' They are devoting their lives to the civilizing and Christianising oil the poor Indians, whose treatment by jSp United States Government it a enatae and a disgrace. The words of Chateau briand concerning the missions of the church in his great Work " The Genius of Christi anity" apply not only to the man who has de voted himself to ths service of God, but also to rite woman—not only to the missionary, but alsoto the nan, "The ancient philosophers," he aayi "never quitted the enchanting walks of Academns and the pleasures of a supreme impulse, to civilize the savage, to inBtniot the ignorant, to cure the Bick, to clothe the poor, to sow the seeds of peace and harmony among hostile nations; but this is what Christians have done and are still doing every day. Neither oceans nor tempests neither the ice of the pole nor the heat of the tropics can damp their zeal. They live with the Esquimeaux in his seal-skin cabin; they subsist on train oil with the Greenlander; they traverse the solitude with the Tartar or the Iroquois; they mount the dromedary of the Arab or accompany the Kaffir in his burning deserts; the Chinese, the Japanese, the Indian have bedome their converts. Not an island, not a rock in the ocean has escaped their zeal, and, as of old, the kingdoms of the earth were inadequate to the ambition of Alexander, so the globe itself is too contracted for their charity." KEPT APACE WITH MEN. Women have kept step with men in these far away fields and beneath tropic skies—they have not been ontdone by them in more civi lized lands here at our door. For every hundred souls that hare gone bravely forth for the conversion of the savages we have, as it is fitting, thousands who are devoting themselves to the reclaiming of their fellow creatures here in onr midst. Nor is the work of Catholic women confined to the religions orders, although the most self sacrificing are naturally absorbed by them. The more common work and sphere of women in the home as wife and mother are equally if not more important. The home is the unit of society, of the state. Given a nation of well ordered, happy homes and this world would be a Utopia. It was not all poet's gush that said "The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world." The work of woman radiates from the home as from its most natural as well as from its most general centre. But the sphere is little—the work done in it all. And whether as nun, as wife, or as mother, whether married or unmarried, the great fundamental rights and duties of woman hood remain the same—to work out the beBt that is in her. This is no modem principle ; it is a principle that has been taught by the church for ages ; taught by her when it held out the palm of martyrdom to Agnes and Cecilia, taught by her when it raised Catherine of Sienna, taught by her when it placed the Virgin Mother next in glory to Christ himself. The nineteenth century has hugged to itself many delusions, but never has it hugged a vainer one than when it claimed to have discovered woman— woman that has come down to us through the ages, "from Adam all the way." The mists created by vanity had indeed a stultifying effect. No ideal of womanhood presented by modern enlightenment has ever outshone the ideal upheld for centuries by the Catholic Church. Her whole history proves it. Agnes, with her lily, type of virginity and innocence, Btands Bide by side with Matthew and Paul in the walls of the catacombs ; Magdalen, type of the repentant sinner, is still pictured in our churches kneeling at the foot of ihe cross. The ideal of womanhood has not changed, man's equal and man's helpmate ehe must ever be. The ideal that calls to her to-day called to her also in the past. The maidenly modesty of Ruth, the wifely fidelity of Susanna, the bravery of Judith, the great mother-heart of Hagar—they are types for all ages. They are the rightful heritage of womanhood throughout the world—more especially of Christian wo manhood in the Catholic Church. Christianity has been sometimes called a religion of pessimism, and is one sense it doubt less is so, but in another and a higher sense no optimism can be greater. Vanitas vanilatum, it says to the riches and pleasures and honors of this world, and at the touch of that magnet they crumble into dust; but though on the one hand it says "All is vanity," on the other it says "All is divine." The pagans, when they wished to confer honor on their heroes, made them into gods and Olympus became their dwelling place; but it remains for Christianity to make of the humblest tiller of the soil the veriest drawer of water, a child of the Most High, an inheritor of immortality. " God's in his heaven, All's right with the world," cried Robert Brdwning in one of the most ex quisite of his lyrics, but as one looks at the charities of the Catholic Church, the work of its brave-hearted womanhood one can only say —"Not in heaven alone, which to the wearied soul and the aching heart seems often dim and far away, but here and now, where all may seek and all may find." 