FICTION. THE EDITOR'S WATCH. I WAS staying in Sydney for a few weeks, and I put up at the Oceanic Club. There I made the acquaintance of a colonial journalist, by name Bell Macwhinnie, a frank, clever, easy- going, handsome fellow, who had com- pressed a good deal of life into his forty years. One evening after din- ner we sat smoking under the broad verandah that ran round three sides of the club building. Presently Mac- whinnie took out his watch and held it in his hand for a few moments. " I have an engagement this even- ing, but there is plenty of time yet," he said. " I've several times noticed what a particularly handsome watch that is of yours, Mr. Macwhinnie," I said. " Ah, that watch has a story," he replied. " I have observed some sort of in- scription on it—--a presentation, I sup- pose ?" " Right; it was a presentation, but of a somewhat unusual sort." " I grow curious. Let us have the story." " Very good. It's a yarn I have had to tell more than once. You must know, then, that I began my journal- istic life in the colonies as editor of that able and distinguished organ of public opinion, the ' Burragundi Bea- con.' I had been conducting it for some time, to the satisfaction, I am always proud to remember, of the pro- prietors, when that outbreak of bush- ranging, which was headed by the no- torious Frank Gardiner, began to keep the country in a state of con- tinual excitement and terrorism. I need not tell you that of all the knights of the bush Frank Gardiner was in prowess and achievement second to none. For several years he and his gang eluded all efforts at capture on the part of the Government, until the country people began to think that Frank, like his illustrious forerunner and prototype, Dick Turpin, bore a charmed life. At last £2000 was set on his head, dead or alive. "One morning I received a short letter something like the following, addressed to the editor of the ' Bea- con' :— " SIR,—I observed a statement in the 'Sydney Morning Herald' of to- day to the effect that myself and my mates last Monday night attempted an attack upon Lawson's Station, Wa- ondra. Will you allow me the use of your widely-read columns to say that this announcement is entirely errone- ous, from the simple fact that on that night I and my party were busily en- gaged elsewhere?—I am, yours, etc., FRANK GARDINER." " I was so tickled with this letter there was something so funny in its cool audacity and the whole circum- stances—-that I at once inserted it in the ' Beacon.' " About a fortnight later I received a second letter which ran pretty much like this:— " ' Sir,—It must necessarily be the fate of all public men to encounter much misrepresentation, and I must just about submit, I suppose, like others. At the same time, when there is a remedy at hand, a man is merely doing himself justice in availing him- self of that remedy. I appeal, there- fore, simply to your sense of right and fair play in requesting you to publish my flat and emphatic denial to a para- graph which appeared in the Sydney papers of last Fridays namely, that in the recent encounter with troopers, one of my mates was wounded in the arm. Nothing of the sort took place, thanks to the clumsy shooting of our opponents. The same paragraph also states that in the last sticking-up of the Binda Flat Mail we treated our prisoners with much harshness. The very reverse of this was the actual case, and this statement can only have emanated from persons wilfully and maliciously determined upon prejudic- ing myself and my comrades in the public mind.—I remain, yours, etc., FRANK GARDINER.' " The latter also found a place in the ' Beacon.' Afterwards I received in all some half-dozen communications from the notorious bushranger, vary- ing in details, but all of a similar pur- port, their object being to correct some blunders or mis-representation on the part of the public Press. All these epistles found a place in the paper, as I saw no harm in thus in- serting them. Some of my readers did not hesitate to accuse me of aid- ing and abetting the bushrangers by the publication of Frank Gardiner's letter, alleging that they were merely blinds to lead the police off the real track. But I reasoned that, even if this were the case, the ruse was so simple and transparent a one that the police were not in the least likely to fall into it. But I did not think that Gardiner had any such purpose in sending the letters. I believe that their meaning was on the surface, though it sometimes struck me that over and above this, the bushranger was himself aware, in some degree, of the humour of the situation, and that his sense of this sometimes shaped the wording of his letters. Most of my townspeople took my view of the mat- ter, and laughed at the thing; and the circulation of the ' Beacon' in nowise suffered. " I had received, I say, about half- a-dozen of Mr. Gardiner's communica- tions, covering a space of ten or twelve weeks, when something occurred. I was sitting in my room about eleven o'clock at night, having just finished some correspondence, work connected with the paper, and had lighted a cigar and settled myself into a chair, with a Homeric sigh of relief, when there was a knock at the door, and the next moment, without waiting for the least countersign of any sort, a figure entered. I tipped my chair back until I very nearly lost my ba- lance at the unexpected aspect pre- sented by an unceremonious visitor—a tall, athletic man, with a shaggy, light coloured beard, dressed in ordinary bushman's garb, pistols in his belt, and a carbine at his back, his face hidden by a mask. Such outwardly was my visitor—a sufficiently uncon- ventional and disquieting figure thus suddenly to present himself at the dead of the night to a harmless country editor, armed with no fire- weapon more deadly than a cigar. My first thought was how the fellow had got into the house; but this and all other thoughts were quickly dis- persed by my new friend addressing me: " Good evening, Mr. Macwhinnie.' "Good evening, Mr. , I beg your pardon, you have the advantage of me." " I've a little bit of business with you—-never mind my name. I would have sent up my paste-board, but I have forgotten my case.' " This symptom of a vein of humour thin as it was—in my guest reassured me a little. " ' I'm very much at your service, I am sure,' I replied, ' Anything I can do to ——' " 'That's it, boss. I was sure you wouldn't cut up anything rough about the business, and we on our side'll try to make it pleasant all round for you. Well, the racket simply is, Mr. Mac- whinnie, that you are to come along with me, and the sooner we're off, the better for all parties.' " I did not quite expect this, and my visitor's proposal had no great charms for me. "'You mean that I am to ac- company you wherever you are going to-now, at once ?' " ' That's it; you spot it every time. That's my contract. So hurry up, Mr. Editor, and just think of others be- sides yourself. My neck's half way in the halter at this blessed moment.' ' The man spoke in the coolest and most determined manner, and I at once saw that any attempt at resistance would be worse than useless. To cut a long story short, I had to submit to being blind-folded, and in this condi- tion I was mounted on a horse, which my visitor had tethered outside along with his own. We rode for the best part of a couple of hours, very few words passing between us. " At the end of that period I was commanded to dismount, which I did, still with the bandage on my eyes. The next moment my hirsute abductor had removed the handkerchief, when a strange sight met my eyes. I was standing in the middle of a small clear- ing in the heart of the forest. The darkness was lit up by half-a-dozen flaming torches and the light of a small fire, round which five or six men were reclining on the short grass. The man nearest the fire at once caught my at- tention. He was about the middle height, and of a very active and well proportioned figure, brown bearded, with particularly bright and alert eyes, and of a not unprepossessing cast of features. A few minutes' scrutiny of the man confirmed me in my iden- tification of him. He was no other than my correspondent of the last three months—-the notorious bush- ranger who had been harrying the country right and left for nearly two years, levying blackmail on all whom he encountered, without the slightest respect of persons or dignitaries—-the redoubtable outlaw, Frank Gardiner. Various portraits of the man were abroad throughout the country, all sufficiently alike to enable me to iden- tify the original now that he was be fore me. " All the men, I need scarcely say, were armed to their lips, so to speak. "The leader of the gang was the first to speak. 'Good evening, Mr. Macwhinnie, or rather good morning. You recognise me, I dare say ?/ " ' Yes; I think I do,' I replied. "' From the several flattering por- traits of me that are about, eh ? If I ever catch that blackguard of a photo- grapher who so abominably burlesqued me in those pictures, I engage to make things hum for him. But, to come to business. You're wondering, I sup- pose, why you've been brought here in this somewhat unceremonious fashion ?' " ' I am a little puzzled.' "' But not afraid, I hope. You don't look that way much.' "' No. not now. I was just a little startled at first, I must confess. But I am not aware of any wrong that I have ever done you, Frank Gardiner.' '"That's it, my boy—-you're right all the time. On the contrary, it has been all the other way; and that's why I wanted to have a word with you personally. I wanted to make the nearer acquaintance of my editor, you know. How do you think they read ? I mean those letters. Not so bad for a young aspirant in literature, eh ? I'm positively thinking of getting them reprinted, if I can get any of those Svdney newspaper flats to under- take the job. " Epistles of a Bush- ranger." Taking title, eh ?—-a fortune in the very name. Would fetch the public till further orders, don't you think? But I beg your pardon for keeping you standing all this time, Mr. Editor ; just bring yourself to anchor, and have a drink, will you ? Younsr Hall, hand the editor your flask.' " A young man, considerably the youngest-looking of the party, handed me his flask, which I put to my lips, merely touching the liquor. " ' You drink mighty shallow, Mr. Macwhinnie; but please yourself. Now, look here. There's a cool two thousand set on my head you know all about that ? Well, there's a car- bine by your side; as pretty a piece as you'll find. Now's your chance.' " I raised the gun and tried to fire it overhead, when I discovered that I was quite unable to do so. I could not move the trigger a hair's-breadth. It was some kind of trick-lock, the secret of which was probably known to the owner alone. Gardiner laughed, quietly. ' A pretty thing, ain't it ? But I don't believe you would have used the weapon against me just at present, even if you could; I'll do you that credit.' " During this colloquy none of the rest of the gang had put in a word, but smoked silently on, regarding me with stolid gravity. " ' I have always had a considerable admiration for the Press as an institu- tion,' Gardner resumed, ' but never so much as since making your acquaint- ance as an editor, Mr. Macwhinnie. You have acted towards me in the most honourable and gentlemanly manner; and while those miserable and ignorant rags, the ' Herald' and the ' Empire,' have refused to insert my letters contradicting the many lying and libellous statements they published regarding myself and my mates, you have vindicated the claims of the Press to being a free and im- partial organ of public expression. Now, no man who knows Frank Gar- diner ever accused him of forgetting a friend or a service. I consider, Mr. Macwhinnie, that you have done me a real service in this matter and acted as a thorough gentleman, and I would like to show you that I am not insen- sible of this. Though I am a bush- ranger, I am not a blackguard. If you will be good enough to accept this trifle, merely in recognition of my ad- miration of you as an editor, and of my personal regard, you will be doing me a favour. And I may as well add, Mr. Macwhinnie, that you may receive this with a clear conscience, for it was bought with money got upon the square.' " As he spoke, Gardiner took from his breast-pocket a small morocco case and handed it to me. I opened the case and found a very handsome gold watch. " Seldom, I venture to think, in the history of presentations was one made under more singular circumstances. It seemed to reverse all precedent. Tra- dition was being read backwards, for instead of a highwayman taking a watch from me, I was getting one from him. To devise such a situation in fiction were, of course, easy enough; but I am relating a true incident, and as such I am inclined to think that the case was unique. " Of course I accepted the gift; I could do no less under the circum- stances ; and, after hearty hand-shak- ings all round, I departed in the same way that I came, accompanied by my faithful bodyguard. When we reached the confines of the forest, however, we dismounted, and my companion re- moved by bandage. The first grey glimmer of the dawn was stealing through the bush. "' You'll have to pad the rest of the way home, Mr. Macwhinnie ; I'm like the ghost in the play. You under- stand—-must scoot with the first light. Sorry I can't take you to your door.' " ' Don't mention it ; I know every inch of the road,' I replied, being bent on answering him in the same vein. "'You're a pretty cool hand, Mr. Editor. Didn't think you scribbler chaps were that sort. No offence. So long.' " When I reached my rooms I found my landlady already astir. She had not been much surprised to find my bedroom empty, for it had once or twice happened that I had to spend the night at the office, although that was not a frequent occurrence, the ' Beacon' being only a bi-weekly issue. After a sound sleep and over my breakfast I examined my newly and strangely acquired gift at greater lei- sure. It has been my constant com- panion ever since, and I doubt there is a better time-keeper out of London. Would you like to look at it a little closer ?" Macwhinnie handed me the watch. It was, indeed, a splendid one, very finely finished, and bearing the name of a famous London maker. Inside I read this inscription: " Presented to Bell Macwhinnie, Esq., by Frank Gardiner." " You know all about Gardiner's ultimate fate, of course," my narrator resumed, " though you were not in the Colonies at the time—-how he and nearly all his gang were at last taken, and how Frank himself got a long term. It could never be proved against him that he had actually killed anyone, and so he escaped the gallows. He is serving out his time now in Darlinghurst, up there, and behaving himself very decently, they say. My personal acquaintance with him, how- ever, began and ended with the pre- sentation of the Editor's Watch." \------------------------------ An ingenious Yankee inventor has devised a means of witnessing a race with the maximum of comfort. He proposes to erect a revolving grand stand as nearly as possible in the centre of the ground. During the races the stand is to be made to re- volve in such a way that the horses are always directly visible in front of the occupiers of the seats, and can witness the race from start to finish. " Amongst the poorer classes in China," said Professor R. EL Douglas (who knows a good deal of the country) to members of the Royal Institution, " It is quite common to kill off the fe- male infants in one way or another, and such notices as ' Girls may not be drowned in this pond' can often be met with." 