St. Patrick's Da*r Anniversarv Association On 16thinst.the newly fotmed as.ojiation composed of delegates from the Hiberpiin Australasian Catholic and St. Patrick's Benefit Societies, held its first demonstra tion* which passed off moat successfully. ,?',/ THE BANQUBT, In the evening a banquet was held in the Cornwall Assembly Rooms, when about 100 gentlemen sat down. The hostes?, Mrs S. Eahey,' provided an excellent djeuner, and tne tables were laid out -with excellent taat«, the room looking to the beBb advan tage?' Mr AI.J. Clarke occupied the chair, aid was supported by the Very £ev. Dean Beeohmor on his right, and the Revs. J. O'Mahony and J. J. H. -Quinn on his left. After. the tables had been cleared a long toast list, was gone through, and a pro gramme of vocal and instrumental music and recitations was submitted during the tvaning. ? ' ??; Mr Clarke in opening the proceedings said that he wa3 glad to hare the oppor tunity of addressing. Buch a large body, of Irishmen as were' present that evening, and! thanked them for the Lonour conferred on him by the invitation to pres.de. He ?aid that-while they honoured their native land they showed none the less their loyalty- to the land ;of .their adoption, and he Bpoke for .all present when he said it' Ttwmaaia were attacked to-morrotv ., taere would be hone more enthusiastic in de fending her shores than the Irish resi dent*; They did not require any imported; lor,d/from England as Governor whila they had -buch a man as Sir Lambert Dobson, who. had always Bhowa himself to be a man of exceptional' experience. He did not see wbyi* when they had such a man as the -present Chief Justice, they could not git on with him a3 Governor. (Cheers.) \The Very Eev. Dean JBeechinor, in pro posing the toaat of 'The day we cele brate,' Baid. that' the. ;spirit inciilated by St.Patrick— liberty— Btiil breathed througn the Irish character, and no matter where the '-Irish exile goes, whether in the forests ef Canada or in the bush land of Austral asia, he is . always found working with hardship because he is free.' father O'Mahony, in proposing the toast of 'Prosperity to Ireland,' stated that l.okingback through the sad and chequered history of Ireland, counting up again all ita sorrows and its suffering, thinking of thai; famine ogre that at various period? but with unvarying regularity has . shadow-like dogged the footatep3 ? of the Irish people during the last hundred years and more, he oould not conceive any one, no mattir of wlut race or creed, who would refuse to honour a Bentiment which bids them pray that prosperity might soon be the portion of the people of Ireland. Common humanity bids men to do so, and Be was glad to think that in these days of enlightenment men quite regardless of creed or clime were beginning to follow humanity's i God-like and God-given in stinota. It is an instinct of the human heart to succour the wretched and the miserable. That Ireland has been, and t# a large extent still is, miserable, however much they wished to, they could not deny. Their race was one of no mean capacity, and although they may not boast still it has given amongst others to English states manship an Edmund Burke, and to English , armies a Wellington, a Koberts, and a 'Wolseley1 — a race of no mean order, which has lived in hute unworthy of . the savage, and often on too wretched a diet. O ught that to be so ? Was it the design of nature that, as Thomas Davis once put it, in a ?iimate soft as a mother's smile, on a soil 'Gfuibful as God*a love, the Irish peasint should mourn P Such should not exist, and the only cause for it was that which sprung from misrule, mismanagement, and disunion. (Cheers.) If the toaat of prosperity to Ireland was potent to awaken kindly sympathy in hearts that are not Celtic, it appeals with resistless force to hearts that are. Out siders cannot fully appreciate it. 'Irish men do, and hence in addressing an au dience composed principally of Irishmen no words were needed to commend to them a sentiment which crave3 blessings rich and many for the land of their hearts' first love. In reply to Mr Joseph Chamberlain, Mr William O'Brien said that ' the pas3ion of Irish patriotism is blended with whatever was ennobliDgand divine in our being, with all that is tenderest in our associations and mobt inspiring ia the longings of our hearts. What the star that shone over Bethlehem on tbat first Chmtmai night was to the three Eastern Magi ; what the vision of M1U ±±uy vjriuiii was lu vuo .ixuigiiia ui uuc Round Table ; what the Holy Sepulchre was to the dying eyes of the Cru3id-jrs fainting in the parched Sjrian desert that to the children of the Irish race was, and ip, the tradition that there ba3 been cfc, er faith that there will be too a gclien henrted Irish nation, the land of song, and wib, and mirth, and learning, and holiness, and all the fair flowering of the human inind and soul. By the light of that mes sage, glinting out in inefficetble rainbow colours, ro matter what angriest storm clouds may cross the Irish eky, generation a*'ter generation of Irishmen have marched gaily to their doom upon battlefield or scaffold ; and the statesman who hope3 to setble accounts with Ireland without satisfying .that imperious spiritual craving of the high strung Celtic nature uny as well legislate for a time when the green hills of holy Ireland will wear the red livery of England,and when the birda on the Irish bushes will chirp ' Bule Britannia.' That sacrad cause has ever had for the true born Irishman of every cr^ed the pas sionate romance and glow of love. It is invested with sotiething of the mysterious sanctity of religion. No knight of chivalry ever panted for the applause of beauty with a prouder, ioveiij?ht in his eyes than the flashing glance with which men have wel comed their death wound to the fierce ?music -.of battle for Ireland. The dungeons in, which innumerable Irishmen have wrown gaunt and gray with torment are ;ban the etbereal light of the cloister. It is the song that is' sung by every orook that gurgles by us, for every brook aas in its day. been crimsoned with the blood of heroe3. It is the weird voice we hear frocn every graveyard, where our fathers are sleeping ; for every Irish grave yard contains the bones of uncrowned Baintp and martyrs. That passion can never die and can never be uprooted. The mistake Eoglish legislators have mad j is in thinking that it can, for before this they would have tv uproot to the list scrap'. of sculptured filigree the majestic shrihesi in which the old race worshipped, i hey w;ould have had to demolish to their last stone the castles that lay like armed ?„-,!.„ , +v...,---!/»ln/\nfc fcVia land to mark where the fight raged the fiercest. They would have had to level the pillar towere, and seal up the tombs of the holy wells. And' even then they would not have stilled the voice of Ireland'* past, for in a country where every green hillside has been a battle field, and almost every sod beneath bur feet a Boldier's sepulchre, the very ghosts would rise up as witneases through the penal darkness, and to the Irish imagination the voic«s of the night would come laden with memories of wrongs unavenged and of a strife 'unfinished, and of a hope jyhichoaly brightened in Buffering, and which no humai weapon could subdue.' But besides this sentimental side of the question. — and anyone who knows the Irish race knows how far senti ment in the mstter of country counts with them -there is a practical side, for Irishmen live as most other men live, and need the means whereby life for them may be made not merely tolerable, but pros perous. They remember how in the days of I782,when the Protestantsof Ireland, under Grattan and Mood, aided ao willingly by their disfranchised Roman Catholic country men, gained legislative independence for Ireland ; and Ireland's representatives had the making of Ireland's laws, the country growing into prosperity by leaps and bounds. ' In the course of 15 years, says Judge Jebby ' our Bgriculture, our com meroe and our manufactures have f welled to an amount tbat the most sanguine friends of Ireland would not have dared to prognosticate.' The bankers of Dublin the men who now according to the cable eraina fear such disasters from the re eatablishment of an Irish Parliament— in 1798 declared ' that since the renunciation of the power of Great Britain in 1782 to legislate for Ireland the commerce and prosperity of tb'n kingdom have emi nently incr a?ed,' Lord Clare himself, the mostl unscrupulous and powerful slly that Pitt and'Casil riagh had in the pass ing o? the Act of U nion, had -o admit the same. 'There isnot a nation on tbe face of the habitable globe which baa .advanced in cul tivation and in manufactures with the same rapidity and in tho same period as Ireland' during the existence of legisla tive independence. He would not quote figures to prove the assertions of the3o un prejudiced witnc-Bijs to Ireland's then pros perity. Sur. lr, then, it couH not be won dered at that at: eu'h a time as tha present, wbea ono of the greatest of English states men, at the end of a long and honoured career, undertakes to give Ireland a Parliament of its owu again to enable it to watch over its own d -rne3tic c -ec jrns asia Tasmania, that Irishmen, the friends of Ireland and the friends of liberty all the world over, should honour with more than ordinary enthusiasm the toaat of pros perity to Ireland. Bub tbe timid ra;s3 the religious bogey, and cry out.as the Primate of Canterbury is reported to have cried out, tiac Home Eule would destroy the Protestant c'aurcii in Ireland, and make Ireland the vissal af the Pope, while otherasaytheywantseparation.Itishardfor Boman Catholic Inshmyn to have patience with those who argue thus. Irishmen go nob want separation. They are nob fools. They havo shed their blood in the build in» up of a prssperjus British Empire. They have uuder its shelfenag laws a religious liberty which they could not better themselves, and which they would nob most undoubtedly, have in many so called Boman Catholic countries Irishmen ara n^fc fools and idiots'; they art* not, oven if they could do so, goin»( to tear theraselve3 away from an empire which Irishmen have helped tr- build, in order to be swallowed by some other state, utd.r which they would never have the privileges they now eujoy. They want to live in friendship with England and Englishman, bat they want to live wibh'them. as brothers, not a3 slaves. ' Connection,' said Grattan in his famous Union speech, 'is a wise and pro found policy, bub connection without an Irish Parliament i3 connection without iis principle, is innovation, is peril, i3 sub ugation, and not connection. Identifica tion is a solid aid imperial maxim, neces sary for the preservation or freedom necs sary for the preservation of the Empire, but without a union of hearts and without A separate Parliament identification ia extinction, 13 ^dishonour, is unjust, not identification.'' And what the vast majority of Irishmen assert is the teaching of Henry Grattan, tba- the existence of a Parliament in Iceland will remove the asperities that have so long existed between the Irish and English 'races, and cause them to live together as friends and brother ready to. help arid fight for each other it' t-.ViR cnminon pood should demand it. And as for the other cry, what prco? is there that Irish Catholics could give, which they bave not given to. assure their Protestant fellow countrymen that they need never fear molestation in the exercise and prac;ice of their religion. I pre.uaie it its liberty— full and adequate— they want, and not ascendency. The Irish piople have again and again — though tl:eir leader?, most of them Protestant, bythe way— expressed their readiness to give their Protestant fellov countrymen any guarantee for their religious liberby which they may de3ire. What more, E ask, could they do? Speakim? aa an Irish caau and as aa Irish Citholc Drie3t he said that liberty given to thain on the condition that they should persecute any one individual for his religious con viction would be spurned, and the so-called gift wo'ld be thrown back int - the teeth of those who offered it. It would be instead of liberty tne meresc smv-L-y. If the days of the past, h:sbory of ? their land were filled ? with very sad and painful memories, the present gives an assurance thab days are soon to come full of bright and golden hope for the prosperity of Ireland. In onclusion, he asked them to drink the toast of prosperity to the old land aad its people of every c'ass *nd creed— even those who threaten to deluge the land with blood if Home Eule is passed, and pray basing on the nation and the man who shall ba/e done long delayed justice to a noble prople and an historic race. (Loud and prolonged applause) The chairman in proposing the toaat of 'Federated Australasia,' s^.il he ss^ed them to drink only the . sentini'jLt and did not; aBk them to bind themselves to any scheme. The proposal of the Sydney Con vention did not seem to him to be one tbafe the people of Tasman?a could accept. They desired to sfe a strong nation in the- southern sea,{ and he believed that the people of the colonies would be pleased if hat object \rero accomplished. (Cheers.) Mr W. I. Thrower proposed fcbe toaat cfi ' The land we live in— its Ministry, its^Par liament,|and its Councils.' Mr A. R. Fowler, M.H.A., in responding1 fco the toasfc, said that it wa3 a rather peculiar position for him to bo placed in, having to r ippond for a Parliament of! which he was a nidtnbsr 1-ufc never had tho opportunity of taking hi3 seat. He did nofc know the men for whom he waa asked to speaV. When in Hobvrt last week sornei pressure wj.a h-ou^s to bear on him to speak to sufih a tois*-, bur, ho resisted the overtures. He was glid, however, that his ficst public speech siucc his election was to be rmide tbat night iu his own constituency. Practical poli!ij3 were bavred from their societies, but he might be allowed to say that the next session would be a mosb im portant one as regarded the financial position of the colony. Ia whatever direct on the Legislature would go tho peop'e who are able to pay must pay lovardu fcbo revenu°. He would do his bt-sb, and although he was informed that all eyes were upon him as to what act:on he would take during the ; ather critical ses sion which wa3 to come, he hoped they would nob expect too much. (Hear, hear.) Mr B. P. Farrelly proposed the toast of 'The Friendly Pocieties,' which was rrsp nded to by Mr T^owlc-r (AO.O.P.I. JMes&rs; P. J. Matlaewg (Sb. Patrick's), P. B. Fitzgerald (Eibernian, A.C.B.S.), and 0. T. Currau (M.U.J.O.O.F.), also responded. Mr M. T. Keon proposed the toast of the 'Pro-s,' which was responded to by the representatives present. ' The toasb of the 'Ladies' was pro posed by Mr W. Tynan, and responded fco by Mr J. M. Crawford. ' The hostess ' and ' The chairman,' were also duly honoured. 