TIIE STORY OF A DOUBLE MISTAKE. SJf HUNDREDand sixty-four yews a Rhone ! of tho most popular and flourishing liostolries in tho anoient city of York was tho Packhorse, in Mlcklegato. The hostess was' a buxom, middle-aged widow, Mrs. j" Hannah Williams, as shrewd a woman of business as there was to bo found anywhere, ' even in a county famed for the shrewdness of its men ana women. Mrs. Williams knew how to make her guests comfortable, , and she must, wo imagine, have been a land- : lady of much the samo type as the one ' whom Frans'Hals has immortalised in that famous portrait, whioh is one of the gems of our National Gallery, For many yoiirs Mrs. Hannah Williams had managed the Pajflc- horse, and was generally reputed to have ! amassed a large sum of money. Impressed by the rumours of her wealth, suitors of all sorts and degrees had sought her hand", but sho had apparently; bad quite enough of matrimony during the life time of the late lamented Mr. Williams ; at any rate she had 110 desire whatever to repeat the experiment. In the year 1727 tho head waiter of the tavern was one Thomas Qeddeley who had been for. some time in the employment of Mrs. Williams and enjoyed her. eonfidenoe to a considerable extent. Ho was a plausible fellow, who had : a happy way of ingratiating himself into the ' favour- of the guests, and . altogether he! appeared to havo about as snug and lucra tive a berth as any waiter could wish to have. \- One morning in the month of March, 1727, Mrs.- Williams found her cabinet desk, or escritoire, as - they called it' in those days, broken open, papers strewn about the floor and every drawer evidently rifled. .-A single glance at the wrecked piece of furniture was . enough to confirm her worst fears. A sum of -nearly. £400, in notes and gold, which-had \- been locked up there, had disappeared. A1J ' the servants -of the establishment were at once summoned to their mistress's presence, and sternly questioned as to whether thoy had eeen any suspioious character about, for she said she could not -believe that any servant of hers could have robbed her. They one and all gave a solemn denial of any knowledge of the robbery, nor had any of them seen any one of a Buspicious character about the premises. Bub when the servants had been questioned', and had assorted their innocence, it "was noticed that Thomas Geddeley was not present. As the hostess dismissed the servants she said, "Send Thomas to me ; say I want to speak to him particularly. She relied on Geddeley's 'sagacity to help her to find some clue to the .thiefr and wanted, thorefore, to consult with him at :once. But presently one of - the maids returned and said that Geddeley could not be found any where ; he-was not in his pantry, nor in his bedroom, nor in the coffee-room ; \- in fact, though they had Searched the house high and low, they could discover no' trace of him. This was Btrange. However, it was just possible that Thomas might have gone out into the city 011 some business of nis own. But ' When an hour, two hours, three hours elapsed, Mrs. Williams began to have unpleasant suspicions that) the waiter's disappearance might have some connection with the robbery. On further inquiry, one of the chambermaids stated that she had seen Geddeley in Mrs. Williams's private room early that morning with a poker in his hand, hub as she'had several times seen him there bofore she took no notice of the cir- oumstance. -This made the fact of the waiter's disappearance more suspioious than ever, and when the -whole day and night passed without any tidings of him, the - hostess -had no alternative but to reconcile herself to the conviction that the servant whom she had so implicitly trusted bud been so basely ungrateful as to deliberately rob, in his heartless and sliame- dess way, the mistress to whose kindness he owed so much.. In those days, when there -were no railways, '110 telegraph, and but a very imperfebt police system, if was easy .enough for a thief to -escape with his booty if he only got a few hours' clear start. : Thomas Geddeley vanished and left no trace behind him, nor could the most ceatoliing inquiries discoverany clue to his whereabonts. So Mrs. Williams was per force compelled, as the herself remarked, " to grin and. bear it." About eighteen months passed, and the robbery at the Packhorse was almost for gotten by all but the hostess, when, as the Boots of the tavern was passing down ,. Slceldergate, he saw, helping to load a cart, a man whose face seeined familiar to him.- Ho stopped, looked hard at the man, tl;en stepped up to him, tapped him on the shoulder, and said, "Hulloal Geddeley." The person so addressed turned sharply round, and with a stare of astonishment aid— " My name ian't.Geddeley, and I never set eyes on you before." " What ! you're nob Thomas Geddeley, as was waiter at the Packhorse? " exclaimed Boots. "No ; I never heard of the man you speak nf, and I never was in the Packhorse in my ife. "Then who the devil are you?."- asked Boots in bewilderment. " My name's James Crow," replied the other, "and I have ' only been in York a fortnight. You've mistook me for some body else.!' " Well, if you're not him you're his twin brother, said Boots, ' incredulously, and then walked away. On bis return to the Packhorse he told Mrs. Williams that he had :.seen Geddeley working as a porter, and that, though the man denied that he was Geddeley, , aud. enid his nams -was Crow, he (Boots) i 'could swear, it was the late waiter , at the '.'Packhorse. Mrs. Williamswasof opinion that Boots-must- be mistaken, as she- was snre ; that. Geddeley would. :-never . dare . to come .'back to York, whero so many people knew , blm. But the next day two tradeemon of , tho city came into the Packhorse: and both . asserted tbat .they had seen Geddeley, and that Mrs. : , Williams had bettor have him ' arrested at once, before he had time to -.oscape. Mrs. Williams, however, still refused / to believe that the man couldpossibly.be Geddeley. But she said that if these gentle- . .-men and Boats liked to swear au information .(.before the - magistrate-, and have a warrant issued for the mania arrest, she would come : nnd identify .him, and. if lie really turned out to bo. tho late waiter she would pro- ... secute.him with. the utmost, rigour of the ' law. . I.-,,, in duo course the man who called himself I , ; Jamee Crow was arrestcd,and Mrs. Williams \- was sent for to.idontify him. He was placed omonff a score- of other men, but the moment . Mrs. Williams . ran. her eye down the line ehe plaked him put at once, and seizing him. by -the collar exclaimed, : " Oh ! . you base, '.ungratefnl rascal I've caught you at last, bave l ? Oh ? you villain', - yon: thjef, you ehnll swing for, this or- my name's nob Hannah .Wuliainsi" . - \- AU the while she -was uttering1 these exclamations the excited hostess of ' the Packhorse; who was a: big and powerful woman, was shaking .the man as a terrier might8hake a rat. - " Will you swear to him, Mrs. Williams?'.' asked the' magistrate; ' ' ' '. "Swear (o him, I should- think Ioonld. I'm nob likely to forget his hang-dog face, . the rascally thief." ' When tho unfortunate man was able to free himBelf from the grasp of tho enraged hostess of the Packhorso, lie cried out in a loud voice, " I te(l you, mistress, you're mistakou, I never saw you beforo in my life. I never was in York till a fortnight ago. My name is Jamos Crow, nnd I never know anybody in my lifo of the name of Gcddoloy." But Mrs. Willinms was now positive that alie saw her old waiter bofore hor, and in order to clinch tho matter she sent for sonio of her servants from tho inn, all of whom swore emphatically that tlio man was Thomas Geddeley, and that there could not possibly bo any mistake about his identity. In vain the foi-tlimnt James Crow assorted ;his ignorance of Thomaa Geddoloy and ' ' every tbini? pcrUiiiipg to him. Against such overwhelming proof of ids ldentfia,»wUh tho thief his protestations were disregarded, and ho was forthwith committed to .ork Castle for trial at the the next assizes. When the case came on tho court was crowded, for tlio oxtrnordinary reoklesBness of Geddeley in appearing in York after com mitting so deliberate and gross a crime, and his brazen impudence in trying to pass him self off as another man, had invested his trial with unusual interest. The prisoner, who looked dazed and bewildered when he canio into tho dock, pleaded " Not Guilty," but tho evidence against him was such as to leave not tho slightest doubt of his guilt. Mrs. Williams, tho servants of tho PaokhoiBo, and a dozen other independent witnesses, all sworo positively that the prisoner was Thomas Geddeley, late waiter at the Paokhorse. Tho chambermaid, who had aeon him in Mrs. Williams's private room _ wibh tho poker in his . hand on the morning of the robbory, testified to . that fact,, and also to the confused and' frightened 'appearance of tho culprit— though this niay have been an afterthought on her: part, .seeing that 'at first she had asserted that she saw nothing in Geddeley's presence, in the room td.rouse her BUspioionST lb Was furthor elicited that tho story which the prisoner had given of his antecedents after, his arrest was not a satisfactory one. By his own showing ho had been living- the life of a rogue and a vagabond. He could refer to no employer for a 'character.- He was very roticenb about his movements during tho previous oighteea months, and in fact left - on the court the impression that having spent the prooeeds of the robbery in dissipation, he had been liviug.a shiftless, hand-to-mouth existence ever ' since. The prisoner was undefended, and on being aBked what ho had to say in his defence, made a rambling, somewhat incoherent statement, winding up by solemnly calling God to witness that he was uot the. man he was asserted to be, that he was James Grow— that he had never known any such person as'Thomas Geddoley — that he had never been in York till he cume there a fortnight bofore his arrest ; and that he had never in his life set foot inside the Packhorse, When he hua finished, the Judge said : " Bub surely if your state ment is true, you could have found witnesses to prove that you wero not in York at the time' of the robbory. Where do you say you were in the mouth of March, 1727?" ' The prisoner hesitated. ' " I was— in — in Norwich, ' I think," ho said. "No — in Nottingham— I —I can't remomber now where I was." This admission was fatal ; but the Judge, willing to do his utmost for the prisoner, said, " Can you write ? " " Yes," was the reply. "Then," continued his lordship, -surely you could have written to some persons who knew that you were not iu York when the robbery was committed, and they, would have come here to give evidence in 'your favour." " I didn't know any one to write to," said the prisoner sullenly. This was it still more fatal admission, and after that the judge gave up the attempt to help the prisoner as a bad job. The summing-up was short, and the jury without leaving the box found that "Thomas Geddeley, the prisoner at the bar, was guilty of the .robbery with which lie wns charged." When asked what he had to say why sentence of death should not be passed upon him, the prisoner simply said, "I'm not guilty, my lord, I'm an innocent man,"" Then the judge put on the black cap, and amid solemn silence Thonius Geddeley was condemned to die. After hearing the sen tence the' prisoner remained clutching the bar of tho dock, leaning forward with, his eyes fixed in d. dazed stare upon, the judgf. It required the united strength of three warders to wrench away his desperate graBp upon the bar. Then as he turned his ashen face to the jury lie cried in a voice whioh no one who heard it ever fprgot. " You've killed an innocent man." , Four days later, Thomas Geddeley was hanged, jiut from the.moment he was regioyed from the idock . till .the- drop foil he never uttered another word to any.- human being. Ho died mute. « ' 4 « ' » ' Nearly two years after the execution of Thomas Geddeley, Mr. Gibson, a: solicitor from York, happened to' be in Dublin' oh business. He was in tho courts one day when the AsaizeB were on, and a man was placed 'in the dock to stand his trial for robbery. The 'Yorkshire solicitor glanced at the prisoner, and1 then gave a great start of surprise, for before him ho saw Thomas Geddoley, tho mail who had been hanged nearly two years before at York, or his ghost, He rubbed his eyes, and stared harder than ever at the prisoner. He was indicted under the name of Johnson, and the evidence of his'nrjme was :o conclusive against hiiu Limb tho jury; without hesitation, found him guilty, and he was sentenced to dpatii. The extraordinary resemblance of this man to the Thomas Geddeley who had been executed at York so impressed Mr. Gibson that after the trial he applied for permission to visit the condemned orirainsl. The request was granted, and the solicitor was the next day admitted to the conviot's cell. " I want you," said Mr. Gibson, " to dear up a mystery before you (lie. Did you ever know a man named Geddeley ?" . The answer was a startling one. "Yes, Mr. Gibson, I know you well. I am Thomus Geddeley !" " And you robbed Mrs. Williams, of the Packhorse?" "I did, sir." " Then, my God, you've been the means of sending an innocent man to his dcach !" " How bo ?" asked the convict, eagerly. : . " Why, did you never Lear that a man supposed to be Thomas Geddeley, was hanged ab York two years ago for tlmt robbery?" "As God is -my judge, I never heard of it. I came straight over here directly after I robbed Mrs. Williams, changed my name, and hero I've been ever since." Then Mr. Gibson told the story of James Crow, and Geddeley, though his own death was but a few hours' distant, was so affected that lie burst into tears. When Mr. Gibson returned to York ho lost no time in making publio this extra ordinary story,at tho same time .bearing wit- nesB to thq marvellous likeness botwoen the two men', which. heVsiiid. was so close ae to hs-odeceivo'd anyone.— Abridged from the Licensed Victuallers' Gazette.- IN' MEMORIAM. 'Hast ever loved a friend, and marked the gap His. loss has left ? Thou hast lost wealth, ' -mayhap, Or love, as now 'tis known? Both may ' -'.-'return, . - ' ' But nob a fpierid like' that whloh now I mourn— A friend whose life did with-my life entwine Almost from boyhood— his a part of mine. Such friends once lost can never-be replaoed ; Others, indeed, may by the name be graced, But, bought - by, 'gold,'; their falseness all discern, ' Unstable, weak, shaken- nt'every turn. Ah, bitter when the false ..usurps the true if Yet my poor friend, his worth I never knew; His sterling virtues never did suspeot, And lost him as the price' of my neglect. Had I more closely watched his foe, per chance AU had been otherwise— the flashing glance The gleam and glitter of tho brightooldsteel, Tho shriek of agony, tho wild appeal, And, ns my friend fell crimsoned with, his Sore, Tlio groan that told too truly all_ wns o er ! Gono! gone! For over, gone— so firm, so true ! They mook the old who bid me try the new. Nover shall I— -whato'cr the pain and cost— Renew my last Eye-tooth— for ovor lost ! "Pat Pat! you should never hit a man when ho is down!" . " BugoUsr wlinb did I worrul: eo hard to get him doivp for ?" Tho theory of give nml taka.ftsLgrenfcoTir, but ncvor be so situated thn'ffyou have to "give oxegtos for taking what is uot your own. 