Tle S1io ofthe Coinl ,A Iomnnce of the Far WYest and of tile Riding Ring. [BY L. GALBRAITH.1 (uctllor, of " N'"w Ghost Sltories."J (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock, and B3owden, Ltd.) ,CHAPTER VI.-(Continued). She took the letter and kissed Lorraine. . We may - not meet again, but I shall never forget you. I shall always fooeel that I owe my happiness and Joscelyn's to your courage and generosity.' Words cost nothing. Lady Celia gave them in liberal measure. Then she went downstairs and out into the street, posted the letter'in the first box she came to, and returned to luncheon with Lady Cardross, and an excellent appetite. When shewas gone, Lorraine sank down into a chair. Her brain was misty. Only through the strange whirl of thoughts one definite idea slowly forced itself into distinct shape, and grew by degrees into a t·hrobbing, painful reality. She had Srenounced for ever her friendship with Valiance. She would never see hlim again. Through all the long misery \- of the years to come, she would never, never feel tihe strong, warm clasp of his hand or hear the voice so strangely like, yet unlike her own. All at once with a thrill of poignant anguish, she realised what his presence had been to her, how she had lived through these dreary weeks of separa tion solely on the hope of their next meeting; how she had longed for him, thirsted for his presence. And now he was gone out of her life for ever, and there was left nothing but blank, impenetrable darkness and clill despair. With a piteous stifled cry she slid to the floor and, kneeling, her head buried in the cushions of the chair, she sobbed. ' It was true, it is true- what they say. I have been loving him all the time, and I never know it-I anever knew it.' CHAPTER VII. TAKEN AT TIHE FLOOD. Lord Vallance was smoking his postprandial cigar with the pleasant consciousness of a day well spent. Under Powlett's auspices hehad passed the morning at Aldridge's, where the horses of a certain lieutenant of hussars .were on sale, owing to their owner's regiment being ordered off to India. A perfect hack had been knocked down to Vallance at a very moderate figure, and he felt that his time had not been wasted. All the afternoon he had inspected pictures in company with his fiancee and Lady Cardross, and had not been much bored; he had dined dutifully at home; and now, having seen liis stepmother and Lady Celia off to the theatre, he was free to follow his own inclinations for the remainder of the evening. His inclinations led him in the direction of Brunswick Square. Though he had already heard the s~candal about Loree, he -was in nowise inclined to alter his re lations with Lorraine. His eyes were opened (Powlett had taken care of that) to the character of the hus band, but that was only a stronger reason to Vallance's mind for taking , additional interest in the wife. \- His cousin had married a scamp, and a scamp who was being found out, but she was none the less his cousin, and doubly needed the protection and support of her kineman. Poor little girl! how she must have suffered! His heart overflowed with pity for her. He was filled with remorse for having lefther alone so long. He had thought once of looking in at thd club, but it was getting late, and he decided not to defer his visit any longer, so he sent for a cab and drove straight to the new address. The dinginess of the house im pressed him uncomfortably. The stuffy atmosphere of the hall, im pregnated with the odours of cooking, contrasted unpleasantly with the keen freshness of the outside air. The slipshod lodging-house servant who opened the door inspired him with a~ sense of disgust. Someone called the girl loudly from the kitchen department, and she unceremoniously requested Vallance to wait in the pas sage till she could return to show him upstairs. . 'I can go up by myself,' the young man said, impatiently. 'I know Mrs. Loree will see me. Which room ?' 'First floor, opposite the stairs,' the girl called to him over her shoulder. Vallance ascended the dirty, ill lighted flight. As he reached the landing, he caught the rough tones of Loree's voice raised in unmistakable temper. 'If you think I amn going to keep you for" nothing,' he was saying, 'you're d6uced well mistaken. I've taken the odds, and I can't afford to throw away a cool three Shundred on your whims and fancies. You've ridden the horse before, and there's no reason why you shouldn't ride him again. If you like to find the money in. another way, well and good. I don't want to tie your hands. You can take your choice between the two. If you won't ridethe match, will you ask-' -There was a sudden movement. , No,' was the passionate answer, 'I will not. I'd die first. You care for nothing but money. It is no matter to you if I break my neck, so long as-' Her voice sank, and the words became inaudible. Then ensued a rapid colloquy, the two .voices rising and falling indis tinctly. Vallance stood irresolute. Like all Englishmen, he detested scenes, and was eminently unwilling to assist at what was evidently a domestic dispute. The next moment, however, he started forward, the blood tingling hotly to the very tips of his fingers. From behind the closed door had come the sound of an oath, the crash of a falling chair, and the dry, sharp crack of a blow struck with the open hand, followed by low broken sobs. A second later, the door was fuing open, and Loree, flushed and furious, came out. He did not see the young man standing on the dark landing, but strode past him downstairs,' and along the passage, slamming the street- door behind him with a violence which shook the wholo house. VTallance, his teeth set, his hands clenched, felt himself shaking with excitement and indignation. He would willingly have taken Loree by the throat, and pitched him down the steep staircase. ' The infernal black guard!' he murmured under his breath. 'The brute! he struck her.' He moved toward the half-open door. Sobs had ceased. Through the wide space left between the ill-fitting hinges he could see Lorraine standing by the fireplace, both hands clasped above her head, her eyes fixed, staring straight before her in that unseeing abandonment of misery which is the mute expression of supremest suffor ing. The garish light from the chan delier shone full on her face, and showed the burning print of four fingers across the white cheek. For just long enough to get himself in hand, Vallance waited; then he softly pushed open the door and went in. 'Lorraine,' he said, gently, 'my poor little cousin, it is about time I came back to take care of you.' At the sound of his voice she started, and her hands dropped to her side. ' You-you!' she gasped. ' Why have you come? I told you I was never to see you again.' ' You told me what ?' '.My letter-haven't you had my letter-at the club ?' 'XWhat letter ? I haven't been to the club to-day,' he answered, be wildered. Lorraine sank on to the nearest chair, and began to sob hysterically. The strain was more than she could bear. Her sacrifice had been made; she had nerved herself to the fact of never seeing Vallance again, and now perverse faith had rendered all her efforts futile. He was there before her-Vallance himself, his handsome boyish face fullof conceirn, kneeling at her side, holding her hands, entreat ing her not to cry. To all her misery was to be added this bitterest pang, that she must cut herself adrift from the one chance of happiness which life held out to her. She was to be spared nothing; knowing, as she knew now, all that love meant, she must deliberately put it away. MDeanwhile Vallance was speaking. 'Lorraine, dear, don't cry so. You shan't be exposed to that brute's ill treatment any longer. If anyone has a right to interfere on your behalf, surely I have. Why didn't you tell me sooner what was going on? Oh, my poor little girl, why didn' you tell me ?' She gave a little hysterical laugh. 'I didn't think you would-care,' she said, .' I thought you were-get tingtired.' ' Tired,' cried Vallance, reproach fully. ' Was I likely to:get tired?' ' Your letters were so-so short.' ' Hang letters ! I never could write. Yours were short too, for that matter, but I didn't- think you were getting tired of me. I only got to town last night and I sent up those violets directly. I couldn't come any sooner, but I've th.ought about you every hour of the day. 'What did you mean about that letter ?' 'I wrote to you this morning at the Carlton." ', What about ?' Lorraine's heart stood still. What she had to say seemed beyond the power of human tongue toframe. She opened her lips, but the words refused to come, and she could only look help lessly at her cousin. 'You said it was to tell me not to see you again. Has Loree been say ing anything about me ?' She shook her head.. 'Then why should I not see you ?' No answer. 'It isn't,' he said .at last, slowly, t' hat you were judging me just now by yourself; that by any chance you have changed, and are getting tired of me.' It was the last straw. With a sud den low cry, she flung herself away from him, hiding her face against the cushions of the chair as she sobbed out 'No, no. It would be bettor for me if I were.' Flint struck steel' and the flame leapt up. For one breathless instant, the young man looked at her, doubtful, awestricken by.the suddenness of the revelation. The next moment he had crossed the room and taken her triumphantly in his arms. 'Lorraine, Lorraine,' he whispered, his voice shaking till he could hardly get the words out, 'what is the use of humbugging any longer ?. You must know I love you, love you, dear, as I never loved, never could love any .other woman, and you know that you -you love me too. Let me hear you say so. Give me the right to take you away from that blackguard. Darling, I'm not asking jou to do anything wrong. I'll swear,, if you wish it, I won't even try to see you alone till you are free to be my wife. But you shall not stay here another night. You must leave him and trust me to take care of you.' With all the strength she could muster, Lorraine wrenched herself free. 'Stop, stop,' she cried. ' Not another word. You don't know what you are saying.' 'Yes, I do. I am asking you to leave a man who is not worthy to call you wife. There can't be any diflfl culty about the divorce. To-night wasn't the first time the beast had struck you, and if it were, I can prove cruelty, and the other ovidence won't be hard to find.' 'You forget,' she said, 'that you are not free yourself. There is Lady Celia.' 'Celia won't break her heart. She is no more in love with me than I am with her. Lorraine, you and I were made for each other. It can't be right for you to go on living with a man you hate-for me to marry a girl I don't care a straw about, when we love each other so much. It is only a question of law. Once get your divorce and you are as free as of Loree were dead. And then -then-' He tried to take her hands, but tlhe girl pushed him away. In her ears were ringing Lady Celia's words, 'Your only way to freedom lies through the horrors of the Divorce Court, and that would ruin Joscolyn's career.' It was true. Freedom and happiness for her meant ruin to the man she loved. One of the two must be sacrificed to the other. To maITry her, Joscelyn must give up friends, fortune, ambition, a career. His wife could never be received by his family, could never take her place in society. She would bhe shunued as an outcast, a pariah, and he would be dragged down to her level. S'Can't you trust me ?' Vallance was pleading. ' Can't you understandthat I love you, worship you ? I have loved you all the time; I know that now, though I only found it out to-night. I don't care about anything but you. If you like I'll give up everything here, cut England altogether, and we will live abroad. I don't care where I go so long as you are with me. Only tell me that it is really true that you do love me.' But Lorraine's strength had come back to her. Conscious of her own weakness she took refuge in an indig nation which she was far from feeling, and because she longed to yield to his entreaties, she turned on Vallance and rent him. With a desperate effort she steadied her voice and answered cruelly, 'I did trust you, and you have made me a very poor return for my confi dence. You don't seem to consider the insult you are offering me. I treated you as a cousin, a brother, and you assume that-that I have entirely lost my self-respect. I don't pretend for an instant that I love my husband. He has not behaved towards me in a manner that ensures respect even, but I have never forgotten that he is my husband, that I am nothfree to-to listen to what you have been saying. You have no right to slieak to me like this.' 'I have the right which every man has, the right to protect the woman he loves from ill-usage. No girl living need want a more honourable love, a greater reverence than I have for you. And I don't care what you say,' con cluded-the boy passionately, 'I won't leave you here to be knocked about by that blackguard. I will protect you, even against yourself.' 'And ruin my reputation,' she answered bitterly-' the only thing I have left. However pure your love may be, the world won't believe it. .It doesn't believe it now. Allmy life I should be branded as an un faithful wife, a woman who had run away from heir husband. Good women, women like your stepmother and Lady Celia, wouldn't speak to me. I could never show my face in London. Wherever I went the story would follow me. Oh! I know what it would mean, one woman against the world, and--' 'The world well lost,' he answered softly. 'If all you say were true, we should still have each other. You would be enough for ime. Couldn't I make up to you for the rest?' (o bec continued.) . 