CHAPTER III.. Tho carriages and horaes find been sold ; Isabel’s pearls were gone; and daily Maurice went out aud worried hia friends. But he had obtained nothing as yot. Then ft droadful thing happened—bo it seemed to Isabel. Tho day for tho quartor’n rent oamo round, and she could not write a chequo for it. Sho actually went to hor writing tablo awl took out hor chequo-book and loohod at it. Thoro wore plenty of chequoa still in tho book, but tlioro was no raonor in tho bank. Sho took up a bundlo of old cheque books, which meant so much money paid away. Sho thought of how prompt sho had always been in her payments, how generous she had boon to every one about. ‘‘Surely pooplo won’t be hard on me " she thought. Now as it happens nothing irritates people ao keonly ub for anyono who has been in tho habit of paying well to give up thfrt pleasant habit, however much against their own will tho surrendering of it may bo. “Isabel,** said Maurice ono day suddenly, “ do you know what wo must do noxt P” “What?” asked Isabol, apprehensively, rathor startled by his tono. “Giro up the Hat and soli tho things.” “ Give up tho flat and soil tho things J” oohoed Isabel, in such amazement that she could only repeat what she had hoard. “ Oh, impossible 1” He found it was impossible. Sho oould not be induced to see that it was within tho bounds of human reason; tho things were her own, part of her very self. “All my doar mother’s treasures sho said with in dignant tears ; aud Maurico foltasifit was his fault. Ho applied himself more reso lutely than ovor to importuning his friends, and to looking out for employment on his own account; ho oven fell to that, last and most hopeless of all resorts, searching the advertisement columns of tho newspapers. When a man has come to that hia spirit is well-nigh broken. Maurico’s was not broken vot, but he hud sense enough to eeo tho dithcnlties that lay in tho way. Ho had never done anything—ho had no experience— kohsdmado no commencement; and worst of all he had no business frionds. His own relatives were people who thought tho Foreign Oflice tho right sort of place for him, and anything more moroantile an im possibility, and they simply could not realise what it meant to be aotually without money. 'But that was tho situation in whioh these young people found themselves. Ono day Maurice oamo to Isabol in her own room. His faco had auch a look on it that she started up in alarm. “ It hns come,” he said; “tho landlord is going to take the things. Wo had better have sold them ourselves ** “But it’s impoBBiblo!” oried Isabel. “ My things ! What right have they ?” They had a few days1 grace in which to try aud get tho monoy, and each day Isabol put on her bonnet and walked to Mrs Mont gomery’s house, determined to aBk her help, and each day walked away without knocking at tho door. Sho had never seen hor since her raarriago. What prevented her she could hardly say—whether pride or wan^of courage —but sho could not knock at the door. On one occasion as she came away she met Charles Percoval face to face. Ho looked at Iter keenly, but ehe only bowed and passed The end came, and Isabel stood and watched it—watched all her treasures torn down aud oarriod away. It was as if she wero being dragged limb from limb herself. Thon, trembling from hoad to foot, she took Maurice’s arm and walked out of her homo. Thoy had uothinc now but Maurioe’s own pittance. He had bravely gono alone in soarch of cheap lodgings, for which it would bo just possible for him to pay. To those ho now took Isabel, who looked at her now surroundings with pure and simple amaze ment. Sho had never imagined herself in such a place or in such a position. Sho could not conquer tho idea that it was unnecessary to take off her oloak—that she had merely come to visit pomo protege and would shortly go homo. But no—this was home ! Maurice took off her bonnet and oloak for hor, aud thon theBO two had to contomplato a supper of the simplest sort instead of dinner, for tho first time in their lives. | Isabel's belongings (and Isabel herself, for the matter of that) were terribly out of place in tho little rooms she lived in now. Her tea gowns, her promenade drosses, all the luxuries of her toilet, seemed ridiculous. But there was a ouro *or that, as she very Boon found. That first eiraplo supper had been a trial; but afterwards -suoh an one came to bo regarded as a desirable thing. And in order to supply it, these out-of-plaoe luxuries of Isabel’s wont tho '«amo way as the carriages and horses. It is all vory well to bo Spartan and philo- j sophioal for others, and on principle, but no ono who has not experienced it knows what it is to see tho beauty of one’s life going out, i and to bo helploss. To have to sacrifice all that makes lifo worth living in order to get food enough to support life ! It is an irony of fate hard to boar for those who are tho actual subjects of it “ Thank God we havo no ohildren I” said Maurice one day; and Isabel made no unawer, knowing he had wished for children. Tho speech struck coldly upon her. And from then she began to feel as if ho no longer loved hor. H-j had grown moody ; he had gradually surrendered the pleasant habit of admiring her. Indeed, as sho mournfully confessed to herself, ho had no excuses now— there was novor a now toilette to ouablo him to say “ that Buita you bettor than anything I havo soen you in !” No, instead of such pretty speeches, ho had grown usod to words that at first seemed to burn hia lips—tho phrases which aro only possible in this nineteenth century when social death is accomplished—“ Wo can’t afford that,” “it coats too much,” “ wo must do without it.” Social death waa accomplished, as it seemed, finally, for theso two. They had passed out of their world, tho only world they knew of, as completely aa if they had been laid in the grave. Loss of money raoana this in tho prosent day. Isabel bore that heroioally, and sho endured privation with tolerable courage; but when she began to feel that Maurico’a affection for her was dying out, that tho joy of Inr life was going from her, though she was still young and beautiful, sho bccamo desperate. She would sit at the shabby breakfust-tublo, when ho rose and loft it without a word or a kiss, aud would cry lior eyes out when ho had gone out on one of his fruitless efforts. Then she would end by looking hopelessly at herself m the glass. This was tho ono-tirac boauty ! —red eves, hair no longer dreBsed in tho fashion, for Bho could not do it for herself ; an old gown, and an air of utter lassitude. A peasant woman may look handsome in hor Sovertv, hut not a woman of Isabel’s typo. io sho’never so boauliful hor beauty is lost without all that money gives to set it off. This is a truth, but Isabol was mistaken in supposing it waH because of this that Maurice was so cold. Tho proud man, roused to a consciousness of himself by this trial was eating hia heart out ; ho thought Isabol de spised him because ho was so helpless, and so the oreaoh widened. Isabelhad only ono dress loft now—adreas suoh as at one Hmo^ she would have been afraid to givo hor maid. On a certain after noon when Maurice had boen out the whole day on his ceaseless quest, Isabol rose sud denly from her ohair and went to the glass. What would‘she sav to mo dressed like this !” she said aloud, and almost laughed. She was thinking of hor grandmothor. But she had passed the point now at which either pndo or timidity oould hold hor baolc. She had become desperate. Shu felt that in reality sho would profer to dio than to livo on in tho condition she was. Sho dressed herself for tho street aud laughed again whon sho looked at tho complotod effect, “Sho won’t know mo ?” ^ho said to herself. Her mind was made up to go to Mrs Mont gomery. Sho travelled across Louden iu an omnibus, at which she wondered even moro than at her dress ; aud arrived at tho door, did not turn away but boldly knocked. Tho man-sorvaut who opened it admitted her without a word, but Isabel thought ho looked rather as if ho saw a ghost. 41 Mrs Montgomery is upstairs,” ho said. 14 I will oall Elizabeth.” Elizabeth was Mrs Montgomery’s spnoial attendant, who had been with her for years. She came down tho stairs, her oyes wido open at tho sight of Jsabol. 44 Oh, MisH Isabel !” sho said, calling her by her old namo, “ I’m glad to seo yon. But, exouso mo, miss —• I mean —• Mrs Conynghiint, I don't know if tho mistress will seo you ! Sho is very bitter 1” “ I’m not going away without seeing hor, Elizabeth,” said Isabol, though she honestly felt a little frightened, 44 See what you can do—I’ll go iuhoro. ” Sho turned iuto a little sitting-room that oponod out of tho large drawingroom, from which it was separated by heavy ourtains. It was strango to hor to bo in these luxuri ous rooms again, so familiar to hor. Mrs Mongomory had evidently just boon in tho sitting-room ; her purso and handkerchief lay on tho table, and a jowel caso. Isabel: recognised the caso ; it brought back memo- ; rieB of tho happy evening when Bho first mot Maurice. Oh, how long ago it seemed. Sho took up tho caso and opGiiod )t. Yes, thero were the diamonds. They had been ro-set, and looked moro lovely than over. Suddenly a thought crossed Isabel's mind. An argu ment passed through it liko lightning—those diamonds should have been hors — fchoy almost belonged to hor—her grandmother was cruel and unjust. In another moment tho argument was finished—tho diamonds were concealed in her dreBS, the caso shut and empty, and Isabel, faint aud sick, stood by the table leaning ou it. Eliza both oamo softly to the door. 44 Sho will not see you, irmderae,” said tho woman. “Oh, Miss Isabel, sho is hard!” For her eye, travelling over Isabel’s figure, saw ovory bittor sign of poverty, and sho pitied tho girl from her heart. 44Did sho say anything?” asked Isabel faintly. ;* Do you want me to tell you ?” asked Elizabeth. “Yes, tell me.” “Sho said, ‘Toil her sho raado hor own bed, and sho can lio un it.1 ” Isabol turned away und walked downstairs and out of the house. Sho did not seem to know heraolf, or who sho was. Tho world was all changed. That hor all Hhould bo gone—that hor husband should have wearied of her—that her own flesh and b ood should turn hor from tho floor—that sho should bo a thief—for already, in spite of all her casuistry, this awful word was beginning to burn itself into hor brain and ring in hor oars. Sho wont straight homo. Mnurico was thero. He had returned aud tound hor gono out, a thing which had not happoned beforo stneo their fortunos had fallen. But no made no comment. Ho received her in silence— that silence which hurt her bo much. Sho professed to bo tired, and sot with closed oyes, thinking. Tho jewels wero within tho bosom of her dress. It see mod to hor that they hurnod hor skin. Now that sho had them, wbat was sho to do? She knew that sho must give thorn to Maurice ; that ho could sell the earrings, and that tho money they would bring would take them abroad. Then they could soil tho necklace and make some kind of start in life. Isabollongod to fool tho money in hor hands—to bn at an end of this awful poverty. But her difficulty was that sho would hayo to tell Maurice a lio. Sho would havo to tell him that her grandmother gave her the stones. Sho could not bring boraolf to do this ; and yet, if she sold tho diamonds hor I self, would it bo any easier to explain her possession of tho money ? 