THE PEER ABD THE WOMAN, CHAPTER XIX. .. THE STRANGEB. BR E. PHILLIPS OPPEKHEIM. men^ n r0L ' esei0n reformed and com- , e Qtlscsn *> Jim Doore and the ™»nger Wine tlie way, the others close BUI Simpson, Jim's partner, uafrca for - a to eoge himself into ths front line u»nute, and drew the latter a little on one side. "DoEt a ! know who 'un be, Jim?" he wmspcired. " l a Rotten some idea." Jim replied in a mysterious manner. "Keep a civil tongue in the head, mou, and bid the others. They had reached the little strip of beach, »nd were slowly maVing their way under the ehelterof theclsff to the cottages. High up in front of them shone the two glimmering .lights from the castle. The stranger looked •at tiiem curiously. "What lights are those?" he aBked, point* Injt upwards. , Jim Doore'a eyes followed bis gesture, and ie crossed himself again. " From Clanavon Castle, your Honor," he answered. " They seem a long way apart," remarked •he other, looking up at them with interest. "Ah!" Again the clouds had parted, and a brilliant flood of moonlight streamed down upon the wild little scene, glistening across the waste of Jtoseing waters, and throwing btrange shadows upon the towering cliffs. But the uiost mtriking object of all was the castle; and the stranger stood with his eyes fixed upon it, scarcely caring to cast a single glance at the remainder of the panorama. High up above them the gloomy pile with its frowning ramparts, its ruined towers, and its massive keep, | stood out boldly, the magnificence of its situation heightened by the wierdness of the light, the hour, and the storm. Midway down the flagstaff the remainB of the flag, tattered and torn almost into stripe by the gale, were still .streaming in the wind, floating against a background of light, oily-looking clouds, which hovered over the castle, and against which every tear and almost the very pattern wns distinguishable. It was a fine eight, although •r^oomy one. Jim Doore looked steadfastly at the two lights, and then, turning round, pointed them out silently to his companions. There was a little murmur of superstitious awe, and each man crossed himEelf. The stranger looked on in surprise. Why do you do that ?" he asked curiously. • "Reason enoo', yer Honor," Jim answered slowly, and dropping his voice to an impressive pitch. " Dost a' see yonder loight, the fur 'un 'oot theer in the tower." "Yes! What of it?' Jim shook his head. " lis no flesh and blood that boides theer, or that kindled that loight." The stranger smiled the easy sceptical smile of the sturdy materialist, to whom such statements seem only the weak superstitions of an ignorant, uneducated peasantry. He said nothing, but that smile was enough. The whole of the little body of men were up in arms. Their castle ghoat was a familiar idea to all of them. There was not one of them who did not firmly believe in its existence. For a stranger to come amongst them and affect incredulity appeared to them very much in the light of a discourtesy, which each one was prompt to resent. The young man checked them, however, by holding up his hand. " Look here," he protested. " You shall tell me all about your ghost when we get inside. I'm wet through to the skin, and cold as well. Push on, my worthy guide, and let us get beneath this roof of yours." "Roight, roight, sor," was the goodhumoured answer, " We beantso far neither." They turned a corner of the cliff, and the little cluster of cottages nestling close up to its side lay right before them. From the window of Jim Doore'a abode there shone a pleasant, warm light, reflected fiom the roaring fire which his wife had been making up in anticipation of a visitor. The stranger saw it, Mid quickened his pace. " By Jove," he exclaimed, "if that isn't the pleasantest sight I've seen to-day. Is this jour house?" Jim pushed open the door with his foot and ushered in his guest with a rough gesture which was meant for a welcome. " Doant 'ee stan' out noa longer in this cold, yer Honor," he said, "coom the in, by t' foire, and my missus shall find'ee somedra clothes. Get thee by t' fire. Missus, missus, we a found 'im—'twas a gentleman as a lost lis way a' the castle. Coom the and bring ma Sunday cloathes. Why, dang it, laES, what is ta staring at?" During the first part of this Bpeech Jim had been busy stirring up the fire and otherwise arranging for the comfort of his guest, whose clothes were steaming in the warm blaze. But towards its completion, somewhat surprised at the non- appearance of his better half, he had turned towards the door and had received something of a shock. Standing on the threshhold was his wife, with her eyes steadfastly fixed upon the stranger and her hands raised to her templeB. There was an expression in hor face which, daring his many years of wedded life, Jim Doore had seen nothing of before. Her cheeks were colourless, her dark eyes were full of horror, and her whole attitude was that of a woman paralysed by the sudden appearance of an unlocked for danger. The young man at the fireside, unconscious of her scrutiny, leaned forward towards the blaze, which shone full upon his handsome face, and appeared to be making himself decidedly comfortable. She made no answer to her husband's impatient question. She stood there quite still, her lips trembling a little, and her eyes still fixed upon the face which was glowing in the ruddy firelight. Her husband repeated his impatient questiou, and the stranger turned carelessly round in his seat, as though mildly wondering what had provoked it. His movement seemed to effect what her husband's words had failed to do. She moved slowly forward into the middle of the room, aad her face resumed its usual expression, save for a slight shade of pallor. "They're down here in the corner, Jim. I thought" as they might be wanted. Would this eentleman like anything to eat?" she added, hesitatingly. "Anything to eat!" he repeated, turning a good- humoured, smiling face upon her. " My good woman, there is only one word which would explain my condition at the present moment. I'm starving—literally starving ! Forgive the question, but what have you got in the house ?°' "Not much that's fit for you, sir, I'm afraid," she answered, quietly. "There's a bit o' bacon, and some fish—*be fish is fresh, and good if you like, sir—and I could get you some tea." " I should think I do like the fish," he answered her. "Let me have some by all means, and soma tea; and Fll try the bacon, too. What a lucky thing Cor me you heard that shout, inv good fellow ! Now, where can I get into these things?" " Here, "air, by the fire. Jim'll come with me into the back room. I've got a fire there, sir; and your supper won't be long." She turned away, and her husband followed her. Presently she returned with a clean white cloth on her arm, and commenced making preparations for the meal. Her guest had attired himself in the clothes whioh she bad provided, and overcome by the pleasant warmth after hiB long exposure to the wet and cold, had sunk down in his chair and was dozing. Once or twice she glan3ed across to him, and then seeing that he was really •Bleep she moved softly over to his side and looked down into his face. In her husband's rough clothes his fair boyish face looked all the handsomer by reason of the contrast, and as Bhe looked into it she felt a lump come into her throat and her heart beat fast. Again ahere came that sensation of fear. Why had lie come? What was the meaning of it? If bniy she dared ask him ! Her hueband's heavy footsteps outside warned her of his approach, and she retreated to the table, still holding her hand to her side as though in pain. Presently he entered bearin" in bis hand a smoking dish and the kettle, from whioh the steam was issuing m a little cloud. The tea was soou made, and then when all was m readiness they awakened their guest. Ho sprang to his feet at once, and drew up hi= chair to the table with alacrity. " I've actually been dozing, have I ? he exclaimed. " I should have thought that hunger would have kept me awake. Mrs. Doore, he continued, "your fish 13 excellent. 1 never tasted better." , . "I amgliid vou like it, sir,"' she answered. " It's siboufc the only thing we have fit to otter you." " And tbe tea is delictus," lie added, setting down his cup. " I f<"- ; a different man already." Once or twice during the meal, the door v/aa sofily opened, and some JUO would put a head in, and retreat with an awkward apology. At first the Btranger denied puzxlcd, but before Ions "'iitli began to dawn upon him. "Mrs. Doore. is this an inn?" he asked. "It !)>>, sir. Surely." And those men want 10 c;»me in, of course. Let them in at once, Sirs. Doore. I inf-ist upon it." " '•Von't they annoy you, nil-': ' ahe saked doubtfully. '• They're but rough sort o' chaps like, and " "Not another word. Mi's. Doore, but let them come in. I should bo eorrv to monopolize thu whole room." She moved to the door, and called to them. Ono by one they came in and seated themselves around the wide fireplaoe, each making some sort of clumsy salutation to the stranger as they entered. "My good meu " he said pleasantly when they had all entered, » I a m much obliged toall of you for coming to look for me. Fill up your glasses, and remember." he added, taming to Jim Doore, whatever is drunk to-night is drunk at my expense." There was a murmur of thanks and goueral brightening up in the little circle. In a lev minutei the •trantrer had finished his meal, and drawing his chair after him joined the circle. From the pooket of his coat which was stretched oat before the fire, he drew ont a Morocco case, and lit a cigar. Then stretching himself out in his chair he turned to the landlord— "Now, Mr. Doore," he said, "I'm ready to hear all about that mysterious light up in the castle, and all \ about the ghosts. Fire away." 