IN A DEN OF LIONS. ? I am just from Texas,' said a gentleman wbo lives a few miles from Denver. ' Oh, I lave had a great lime ! I went away out in Texas to Buehel County, 1 wish some of you fellows oould see tbat ooon'ty.' I know of one ranch ont there with 8G,000 'aorea in 1 it, and I travelled along seventy- five ailcs \ of five-strand wire fenoe all in one piece. I slopped at Marathon, a nioe littl) ruDroad town, and an old friend of mine met - me there Hy the' way, yon fallows ought . to know him. Hamilton bis name is— John Hamilton. He was aolerk in the post offise b( re years ago.' John has a sheep ranch out there now, part bis own . and part leased from the state, and is doing 'pretty ~w-ll,~I sboold judge. On tbe way out to the ranch Jubnsaid : 'Now, Frank, youoahjust turn yonrsrlf loose oat on the ranoh and shoot all yoa want to, provided you don't 'kill any of the people. The wild cats sad panthers and lions are killing my sheep off at a great rate, and the more of them you oan get away with the belter I'll like it ' 'ThuB enoonrsged I began my banting. Talk about spcrt ! My vory first hunt led to the killing of two large wildcats whioh I caught in the very act of devouring a two month-old lamb, and on the way home Ishot a lobo wolf eknlking through the chaparral. 1 considered that a pretty good beginning myself. As the lime went on t began to think that the wild animals in that seotion would certainly ba considerably soaroer after a little of my polite attention. Bat my, they are tick out) time 1 One day John bad to go over to Mara'hon on business, and as I didn't care to take the ride I took my feun instead and climbed np into the fountains that stretched away baok of theranoh. This was now territory, bnt I knew that those rooky gorges must be the hifling-plaoe of many of the wild animals that had been so destructive, to 3 uhn'a flocks. And yet it hap pened that I walked a long'way and climbed about a great deal without seeing a sign of any game, except that two or three times, as I marched along ravines or clambered over rocks, I oangbt a glimpse o? something moving on the dope about thirty feet above me. It w«9 a mere glimpse, and the first time I thought perhaps I was mistaken, but afterward I beoame convinoed tbat eome luge animal was stealthily gliding along up there, perhaps only awaiting an opportunity to spring npon me. Nowtms wasn't plea sant, of course, and I walked np that way, keeping an eager-lookout, and holding my gnn ready. It wsb no use. I didn'tsoe the animal at all. After searching around oon. siderably I gave it np and Went baok to the ravine, whioh had been in wet weather the bedof araging monntain torrent,asI oonld ?so. And while I strolled along there at my leisure, looking this 'way and that for any. (hing that might be worth killing, suddenly it began lo rain. Ton heard 'about that rain,.didnU-y£n-fi JThat was tbeotwlhit broke the long drought. It had bben cloudy for a good little blty jbut Icsror Ihpagtft of rain, -yon iriow, and I 'w-B inrmy shirt geanoe— perfect sheets of water — and I ran np the ravine -with ell mfr might' to find a eheltcrof a rook or a thlok both ; that would at least proteot me -a little. £rntty to n right up eboveme yawned a gnat opening intheslde ot €he aliff, sn irregular hole, fully six feet high and vrider than it was bigb, and .1 araainbled in' only too gladly, without asking any questions. .There wais large room; vrthsahdr floor,' and dark elefts in ihe f nrtherobrner showed where pasrages led onto ether -hambms,tat larasn t ion ion exploring expeditian that day: I :was' already pretty well drenched -with the kain,^ and it .was good enough, fun for me to sit down nnder^hat safe shelter and eee the rain pouring ootnde. ^ ootio^d thattherc was a terrible odor oomingfrdm some of Uiose inner recesses, so I lit a rjgar tobelp todiive it away— a real Texas cigar, yon know— ^and sat asnearlhe dooraaIoomd,'iobWng 'out.* I was much surprised to disooveir;- atter i little thai ihe rivulatwiilolihad be& running down the ravine ^rhfen -I clir^bed :intb7 the neks in fiae^strt^ ahtts^^^^alBulatiatf showed methatitinnst b^kt lttst'ftrtir'fset deep. Ax I- could idot^'gft cigt^pig cave it interestin^¥dti imoir!54 leaned *lwward and 'waa intently Svatiiim^^'ttLe water-line' on theoppositebuilr; wbeh'aU'iilroiibe I ftjt' tbat somethlng. ?wai'bihlnd' tni.r Now, ie« here, boys, Ifs no Tiso laughing. I didn't hearasotmd— notarwtle, not the craoking of a twig^-notblng iex^etit the ?»o« «fMfcat torrrait AuUde^rat l f dt that* aotneUilng was beblnd me, and X looked ever iny thculder jnst vis a vnan wduU iook ^or * ghost,' lanppoee. And thfe^ creeping' for. '»ax WVMJ BWWytlW -WW groundjits ears fiatuned 4ts onMlMsd lowered, was airtmtncnfe Meiiojii 'iloh; X thooght I had 4eeh big --mee hUMe,' -Juid thafs %hat isakes nie aay W^' 'c®ei''wia* immense: : Now Sf I haa been tektog for thatlhn.andbadoomeQpon'it, I^^rouUnMi' have been friiihtened ^iall. Btitthe- exy thought of haw-g sat there with my bsuVto Uie creitttn while It -xept tip bs ja 'oat iwpidd Steep up ona eleeptogwri/nnoewej toe 'for eaU ao that I dla obt ktlr: pxrlng Uut moment tho oougar hadeettled baok otiits baunohes a little, tnd vn^i awaviring motien was getting ready' to spring. That tight brought np to my. awn ms, and sL saatohed my gnn feom whtrs it bad bisein standing against the wall near ne. J wainota moment . too ?oon. i'he huge ytllow.boy-csiae through tbe air as thoogh iitviware iiittled lrom a cannon, and tbough rzny shot atrook :it,- lt knocked «ettp oreatnre'* jc1»w» ief t some marks that Intern will jgetrid iif. ItshorrlUesry when it jdl rang through the nave - Mid ecnood utUI'j I didn't know vhether U was 'one miipe.or twenty, and the .wounded . oreato^e went dragging itself «kmgin rooh agony .that J bartened to riioot itihwagh tho beadand put an end to its sdsoy . 'Cnea, aetUng my gun down against Hie will, Itoreray hand feMUef ' into etripi ,^knd began-]toying''to bihdnpray wonndedartn. iJ-jna soiimnsh aheorbed ln -this 'that S didn'txoiioeaay -thingwaa nearae—iniaotitsemeoaiiisd to me that there mlgbi t* M4sitfkan-ane animal in the care i J^,^ ,|n| jast an m* totrard the moUonltis body ofthe Uon; that had eotne eo' near 'pitting ah' end to my rxUI- une A ? I looked around I dodged, anil I did it qiidk, too. for I was jut in time to eee the mats o!my dead ouugar couch and spring. - The ftudden «toop I made oaused her to go dear over my heul, and ' she went headlong into thB raglrg tnrreot that was by ?that time even with the door of the cave. ? I tbongbt that, would epol her rage, but in an instant she bid ttruggled ont oi the water and was at me again, the fiercest creature that ever thirsted for human blood. I absolutely had to push my gun into her f loe, 'eo fierce was her attack, ana when I firied . I had to step back to gethir in range. Ot ornate it ldiled her, and tone too toon either. I began to feel uneasy about that cave. If I bad known that I was walking into a ,whol« coo I wonld have stayed out in: the rain. kept my eyes, on that ra-k corner daring ihe rest of my etay. Toe timepus^i very heavily, I can tell you. After a while) though, the water bad inn down: So that I could, set out, of the cave, and I^nade the oest. OT .my yray. nome. . ana . Lnere. waH ' BnoT:her ,obBjtert-! .my adventuri'. eUlli A few days latt'r 'john'and I look two Hexi; ?dans ana isom^, tbroheis and exploredtbatcave a little. ' The greater part of it we didn't venture HEcito. flnding'trarVpay Blookefl vfith' a dark and evrift'^stream ; . bnt' awaV arohnd ambhg those dark parages wef ound another entrance on the hillside, worn smooth by the ?animals ^that Jiad 'made It their- doorway i and. noar hy was a r&om; that tbey h*4 evidently made theb den. The floor was oovtred with bones, the half -devoured body ot a sheep lay in the corner, and over against the wall was a still more ghastly trophy— the torn and mutilated body ot one of John's herders,' who jbad been misting for several weeks end who was supposed to have gone to San Antonio. I took a good deial cf credit to myself, yon know/for having gone out there and hilled a pair of meii-eating lions. It isn't every day a man gets to do a thing like that in thiBeouhtry.' 