S[BY ISAAC .'J. CHAMrr: W'. Should any person whom he affectcd to despise join the compaiy he would shnort out, " Humph, snob, nobh, tinker, tinker." When he put. on jam this way some person in the room would call out " General. " This had the effeet of rivetting Jackson's attention, and then the individual would pretend to nail on shingles at a deuce of a rate. As the slang saying has it, this " bluffed" him properly and bungled up his bumptiousness. Although Jackson led a very rackety life he had a lively sense of religion for those timps men, if they did not practice religion, believed in it with the exception of old " Jock " Aitken, whom my father said was an avowed atheist. In those things I am merely speaking of the men in our particular region. My father, who was particularly intimate with " The General, " was informed by him that he did not live as he ought to but that he really could not help doing what he did. Old "Bill " Evans, hav ing put himself away through too close an alliance with the bottle, J&ckson; being a bit on, greatly shocked the widow in saying with tipsy gravity, " I wonder where old ' Bill ' is now? " From the manner in which he put the query the inference was that Old " Bill" had not lit out in the most eligible spot in the hereafter. Jackson though a bachelor, was not without lady friends, one of whom was designated " Carrots," and when she "shuffled off this martal coil, " her estate being insufficient to liquidate the undertaker's bill, Jackson, with others, subscribed the needful. Accord ing to Old Jack McDonald an employe of Page's "Carrots had a very fine fooneral." Jack Headlam on the Emu had a fine looking housekeeper named Annie Mildenhall. This lady who was locally known as The Labra was fond of taking a gallop by herself on horseback and on occasions she has called at our house. In one of her outings she was supposed, if her own story was to be believed, to have been lost in the bush all night, but report had it that she was agreeably lost in the society of " The General " over at Kurrakurracup. Th:s Annie Mildenball poisoned herself with strychnine at Headlam's, about 1849, I fancy. At the inquest asperities were softened down in styling her Mr Head lam's housekeeper and from that my readers will infer the relationship that existed between the pair. I have mentioned practical joking as being pretty rife those years. Well, when " The General" had moved to a new hut erected prior to the Pizey house, a pack of fellows including a rare joker named Slodden were there doing the usual mutton and damper. A parcel of spr n. chickens coming inside, Slodden dropped crumbs under the rude table and when he got a chance he'd wring one's neck and stow the bird away in the capacious pockets of his shooting coat. Having bagged two or three, one of them in giv ing up the ghost, made a demonstration which caused " The General" to " cock his eye," as some of the fellows expressed it. However, Slodden discontinued operations and got away the plunder. Jackson owned some geese that wild with the result that station folks potted them on the sly, the last one falling to the gun of Jack Headlam. Jackson, who was exceedingly partial to wild turkey, visited his neighbour who said "General" I have shot a very turkey so you must come to dine with me on Sun day. Before taking his departure Jack son skipped off to the kitchen to give mother Lane, or whoever was cook, strict injunction to "do him brown. " Trad ition does not state if he went to dine off his own goose. Respecting the man's boozing propensities, the shearing keg having come to the fare, for then it was customary to serve out three glasses of rum per day to the shearers and rouse abouts, Jackson with his people, began to analyze its contents before sheep-washing commenced. From what we heard it was a big go in while it lasted, the umm flying about in pannikins and when the kes hal petered out, the revellers were in a very bad way for a doctor. To go to the bridge just at Bulla for a supply only meant a prolongation of the spree. My father was known to have his rum waiting for the Kurrakurracup men when they had cut out that shed. This resolved them, consequently two trust worthy men, one of whom ,was Jack Farrington, were despatched to obtain a couple of bottles of the needful from us. I mind the men coming well, because I was a lump of a lad then. They looked awful seedy and my worthy old dad laughed heartily at the account they gave him of the debauch. Giving each man a second mate's nip, he filled two bottles and the pair started on the back track as happy as could be. Jack son being a Londoner, when he took to pastoral pursuits, knew as much about a sheep as a pig knows about a musket. His maiden attempt to count a flock was a stock story of Brodie's. "The General" squaring himself up outside the yard, gave orders to his man to slip back the hurdle. The ' jumbucks' beginning to drift out, he commenced with "one two-three-four-five-shut the gate and tally." One fine trait about "The General" was his kindness to his servants, thiough at times this kindness seemed to be a sort of rou.h overbearing conde scension. This I do know, that his employes honored and respected him. One of his prime favorities was William Whitell, who used to shear round the various sheds and put in the off season on Jackson's place. One evening while our clip was in progress " The General" turned up pretty fresh, and most likely had been having his nips at Tulip's. After supper he askd brusquely ' Is old Bill Whittell here? " when on receiving the answer " he is " he said, " I must go out to the kitchen to see him. " The General's" first salute was "Bill, you old boast, how are you ?" and then he tried to tumble Whittell off his seat.. The old beast bore this rough horse- play without getting out of hlnour, but he' seemed rather ashamed that + The General' should forgot his sel-.tompect before strangers. (To b~e coLttint?ed), 