Tire unexpected invariably liappons in political circles. No one dreamt that the Dibbs-Barton Ministry, after surviving for such a long period attacks led by such experienced politicians as Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Ch H. Peid, and othors, would have been wrecked on a motion for adjournment moved by a very modest private membor of tho House. Yet it is.so, and without anv clearlydefincd party issue boing raised the Government havo boon almost stricken to death on a motion for ad journment, and that by tho largo majority of 21 in a division numbering 117 members. At the naino time no one can assert that a great priuciplo was not involved. Last Thursday, in discussing tbo question of the late Attoruoy-Generaland the Into Minister for Justice in New South Wales ac cepting briefs against tho Ibiilways Department, wo remarks : u While nothing reflects on the honour of Messrs. Barton and O'Connor, it is admitted on all sides that the affair haa'left nn unpleasant trace behind it, and, probably, tho'last has mot beon heard of it." That vory evening Mr. Leo rose in his place in tho New South Wales Legislative Assembly, and moved the adjournment of tbo House to call attention to tho " danger to tho public interest 'arising from tho decla ration made by tbo Attornoy-General on Friday last to the effect that the Railway Department, as regards the Crown Law Department, has ceased to bo a department of the Crown, and that tho Attornoy- General and other mombers of tho Cabinet aro entitled, in thoir professional practice, to appear against that department in the law courts of tho colony as if it wore now a private business concern, and not a groat department of tho State con stantly dealing with the receipt and expenditure of vast sums sums of pub- lio money." Various efforts woro made to block the member for Ton- terfiold, but without Buccess. Mr. Burton defended his colleaguo and himself in a notable speech, in tho cjurso of, which he said that ho had already stated to the House what were tho views and ideas which led to mb acceptance of tho retainer in. the coso. Tho result of tho voting »upon this motion could not affect him, because it was his conscience he had to answer and no other master, and ho did not think, when conscience told him ho was right, that the House could also bo right if - it said what was contrary to his conscience, " That man was not a true man, and could not bo a true representa tive, who acknowledged any other master than the conscience which God had planted in his broast. According to tho education which ho had r,o- coived, and tho principles of tho pro fession to which he belonged — a pro fession which, notwithstanding tho 6corn with which it was treated by tho ignorant, was ono of tho most honorable) in tho world, and to which he considered it an honour to belong—ho felt that ho had acted proporly, and his conscience having acquitted him of any attempt to endanger tho public intorest ho know that ho stood froo. Satisfied with that, ho cared for noth ing else." Mr. G. H. Reid, tho Loader of tho Opposition, in tho course of a vigorous speoch said tho Attornoy- Gonornlhad told thorn that ho hold no implied retainer from the Railway Commissioners but he (Mr. Beid) told him that as Attorney-General he had an implied retainer from the people of tho country, on observation that was emphatically cheered by Sir Henry Parkes. Mr. Roid also remarked that S!it« Caama I \ ! V. V A . i l . ucuijju x/iuui» uuuu woiea a mo tion regarding tho action of Mr. Wise, when Attorney- General, in taking a briof in a certain case connected with the Railway Department. Tho Pro- raior subsequentlyoxplnined that when Mr. AViso was Attornoy-General in tho Parkes Administration, he put a mo tion on tbo paper condemning Lira for markiug his own briefs as Attornoy- Gonoral whon in tho Crown Solicitor's office. He had no right to do any such thing as to fix tho yaluo of his own services, and that was why ho (Sir George Bibbs) called attention to it. Ho presumed, too, that that was why Mr. Wise retired from tho Administra tion. It was of no avail that Mr. Copeland laid strong emphasis on the circumstanco that former Ministers of the Crown had, in their legal capacity, accepted briofs against tho Railway Department, the House refused to ac cept that as any dofonco against what they considered was a subversion of a high principlo, which was subsequently vindicated on division. That principle was that tho interests of the Govern mont, that is tho interests of tho people, must not bo sacrificed to, or ' endangered by tbo private interests of any iudivlduarmomber of tho Govern ment. ( It wa9 tho recognition of this high principle that induced many sup porters of tho Dibbs-Barton Ministry, men who always faithfully voted with them in party divisions, to vote against them on this occasion irrespective of the fact that by their action they plunged the country into what soomed liked political chaos, and which is certainly an extraordinary constitu tional position in connection with which there is absolutely #uo guiding precedent. The Government could not immediately appoal to the country for the extraordinary reason that thero aro no constituencies to appeal to. Tho old ones vanished with tho repeal of the old Electoral Act, while the new constituencies" aro hot yot legally in oxistence nor will they he for n few months. The question on all sides was ; " "What will. tho Government do?" "What they did is detailed in our telegraphic columns this morning, and whatever may be tho opinion as to the wisdom of Sir George Dibbs's proceeding evory one must admit that in a dramatic way-he has, for tho time being, checkmated tho Opposition. If Mr. Leo's motion for adjournment was a coup rfe ctat Sir Georgo Dibbs' prorogation of the House was a conn ilc ctat on the other sido. With that sturdy combativoness which isso typical of his character Sir Goorgo will not give up the political ghost without a struggle. The Dibbs Government is wrecked, but not drowned. The resignations of tho Attorney-General and Minister for Justice woro inevit able. As honourable men no other courso was open to them, and what ever may bo the ultimate outcome of all thiB political turmoil, ono cannot help feeling that tho whole of tho neighbouring colony was aroused by a koon sense of honour to the recogni tion of a high principle. In more ways than one tho incident conveys a notalio lesson to QuoenBlandors, ono which they keenly feel in certain respects especially whon the inoidents of tho last two yoars aro borne in mind. Not tho loast of those lessons are tho remarks made by Sir George Dibbs, in conhootion with the action of a former Attornoy-General in fixing the value of his own services. At the present timo the attontion of the Australian publio is being lorgoly directed to the questions of railway construction and railway management. In some of tbo colonics efforts havo beon made by certain parties to initiate new doparturos in the system of con struction, and in two of the colonies tho question has been openly broached of converting the Stato owned railways into tho property of private companies. In Victoria a protracted law case lays hare tho whole system of railway management in that colony for some years past, and during . its progress some valuable information has been given to the publio concerning how Australian railways havo boon, and are managed. Alroady tbo Govern ment of Victoria contemplate making a serious change in their systom of management, and it is genorally con ceded. that tho systom of management by Commissioners in that colony has not been an unqualified success. In Now Zealand tho Government contem plate taking tho railway management out of the hands of tho responsible Commissioners. In Now South "Wales wo had an example during the last few days of what one of its leading statoSmon forms " tho fact that the Railway Commissioners do not form part of tbo Government of the country," from which fact, a cir- cumstanco dovoloped that led- ' tho downfall of the Goverhmont.,1 i In faot, all round our systom, or v- ' systems, of railway construction ahd'ffe manogompnt aro on thoir trial, andfe# Queensland is no -oxcoption. As months ,ba6k' wo showed that six joars£$; ago our railways returned a Higher rate of interest on capital osponded ' 1 '£ than tlioy havo returned sinco, despito i. the fact tliftt undor the now manage- h raent they aro supposed, to ho worked on M commercial principles." Wo are losing about £300,000 por annum, which is what our taxpayers all ovor tho country liavo to pay for tho privi- lcgo of having railway communication in certain parts. Tho los9 may bo ac counted for in many ways, and not a littlo of it is owing to tho policy of railway mnnagomont pursued hero, which wo have so often commonted on. But, apavtfrom our management, tliero can ho no doubt that tho policy of railway construction pursuod in tho past is partly accountable for tho loss in our railways. Aro railways bonofioial? This seoms nn easy query to roply to, and, con sidered from a general point of view, we most dooidedly answor in tho affirmativo. Nevertheless, it may. . ho safely laid down as an axiom that . there is no .gonornl benefit which has not in somo particular application a ro- verse offoot Tho old Baying, that what is ono man's meat is anothor man's poison, is not only true of diet, but is fairly applicable to gonoral benefits, j For instnnco, diofc is- boneficial-uoNK wholo — it is a nocossity — but the class of food which suits somo, proves fatal to othors. So with certain honofits, whether- tlioy- are industrial, political, or social. Certain nolitioallaws which operate with advantage in some settled countries in the world would be at tended with disastrous results in young communities. Cortainpoliticaltheorios, ' which undoubtedly could with groat' benefit be reduced to practice in Aus tralia would fail if applied to some, of tho Europoan countries. So it is with somo industrial bonofits. Philosophers havo chimed into our oars tho woll- worn axiom that there is an oxception to every rule, and that the exception proves tho rule. Undoubtedly, but sufficient importance ib seldom attached . to tho exception. Persons applying ' , the same rule to all, and because it - eucceods with sevonty-fivo per cent, cannot understand why it should fail with tho other twenty-fivo per cent. Briefly, they give the ehild the same food that they give the man, and they are surprised at tho result. ' The proof of the pudding is in the eating. The proof of the benefit of our railways is in their results. So farthey have.been a losing speculation in Queensland, yet the cry in certain political quarters is, "Extend them, extend them, and give away huge .traots of land in order that they may be extended." The principal argument used is that they will open up new country, and devolop new trade. But is this argument justified by the results from tho railways that wo havo already, oxtonded towards the sotting sun ? How many inland towns Havo beon "made" by railways? We could instance dozens whose trado has been almost ruined thereby. In those towns business was far. brisker in the old coaching and carrying days than since the linos have been extended. Instead of improving these towns fho railways seem to Have a blighting in fluence upon them. Wo aro well aware that thoro "aro. a few notable exceptions, whioh mre easily explain able owing to tho oxistence of7a special set' of circumstances, but to (ho majority the Iron horse 7 "Liko South winds through a fcnco - Of Kerzrah flowers camo filled with pesti lence." . And railways seem only in the main to havo benefitted coastal towns at the expense of several of (ho inland centres of population. They havo enabled statiouowners to reduce the expenses of station management, and thereby em ploy loss labour, and by procuring their supplies diroot from tho coast instead of through the medium-of the business mon in tho inland towns, thus seriously interfere with the trade of these towns. In the latter the rail ways seem to have stifled trade, and substitutn apathetic dullness for busy prosperity. Arguing from this, some would say they are not beneficial/but Btill wo ehould be loth to make such an assertion. We must probe deepor for the cause of the blighting influences. To elotho a very dirty man in clean . linen and broadcloth- without washing » him first ; to attire a five-year-old boy in the costume of a man of thirty, arid to commence teaching a Queensland Stato school boy Greek -before he is able to write or spell English are all vui y uusuiu. miugs, uuc not one . wait more absurd than for a Government to construct a railway lino through un settled tracts, of country to some centre of population and expect that country to be immediately settled upon. They, sow seed upon a rock, without pro viding Boil for it : first, and if at does not germinate thoy attribute the fault to the seed. Thoy run railway lines through a great extent of magnificent plain country in tho Western districts with fine rich soil, fit to grow anything, and only wanting one thing, and that is the main necessity — water. ' We have before us tho circumstance that our main trunk lines and some of their feeders run through somo of. the finest country in the world, and yet it is not selected. Tho roasons aro not' far to seek. Tho would-be selector is ham pered with restrictions. The very eyes of tho run are carefully hedged round in tho intorests of the lessee, for whoso sole benefit tho railways are made, and care is taken that he has a monopoly of tho railways. Tho blocks with per manent water are in the hands or the lesseo. Then in the Western districts an erratic olitimta has, as its principal . feature, a varying rainfall. The sequel is years of alternate good seasons and drouo-ht. Thrflft nr fmir ffnnrl aaoonno come, the country looks smiling, and the selector happy. But by-and-bye a change comes ovor tho spirit.of the scene, remorseless drought sets in, and in one season the small gains of tbo previous three, or four. aro destroyed.. The pastoralist, who possesses what permanent water , thero is, haBsome defenco against the drought destroyer. For him oven are tho artesian wolls. But tho unfortunate selector in the. s West has none, and it generallyKA in the land going back into tbe nahdq of the lessee. Yet tho Government make a 'railway and expect— or aver that they expect — farmers 'to cluster on this land as thick as flies round a honey pot. But in order to tempt the - flies you must first havo the honey pot. Tho Govornmont do not provide .it. Thoy provido a cheap moans of transit for the supplies, wool, and stock of tho pastoridists, hut where aro thopooplo? The answer is that thoy are not Hero because the Government do not offer facilities for them to come arid stay. The powers that be content themselves with making railway lines to inland towns. Tho old carrying trade is killed, the population' doorcases, busi- X: RD8S aulTcra, aud oU tjooaueo tho Go vornment gives ua what wo may aononuiiate as a dependent 'benefit, Ritaout giving us fixst what wo may term a supporting honefit. Tho, firet depend® on tho dattor, and hero wo hnvo the aecrofc of tho causdof tho aforesaid blighting influonco! 'And iti 1Qstead of developing internal settlement in tho so-called settled dis tricts, where thoro is ample room for noundlesa dovolopmontj wo still hear tho ciy of " ostond our railways further wost." Surely thoprcsonfcday matoralists cannot alicgo that thoy tavo boon neglected. AVo havo bur doned oursolves with tho intorest of a heavy dob t in, ordor to mako railways to thoir wool shods, bo as to losson tho oxponsos of station managomont, and increase tho profits of absontoo station owners ; wo havo guardod their runs against tho possibility of a rabbit invasion ; wo havo provided artosian wells on thoir runs, which liavo raoro than doubled thoir valuo ; we havo conferred numborless othor bonofits upon thom, whilo tbo bona tutu farmor has languished tor want of proper support and oncouragomont. A fow months ago wo showed from figuros given by Mr. Eddy, tho Chief Com missioner of Railways in Now South "Wolo8, that from 10,000 acres of culti vated land tho railway rovonuo rocoivod £3,145, whilo from 10,000 ncres om- ployod for running sheep tho valuo to tho railway rovonno wns £110. Xot tho bulk of our railways havo been lAodo-for tha benefit of. tho sheep brooders. No wonder that thoy are, in ono sense, a losing speculation at tho presont timo. In oonsoqnonco of an anusnal rush of advor tiMmonts wo isauo a supplomont this morning, whioh will well repay perusal. On it will bo foand the cloqao&t; address of Cardinal Moron in tko onthutiaatio wolcomo which greeted him oa his return to Syduoy ; tbo re port of an interesting meeting of ono of tho Masoniolodgos in Now South Waloe ; tho re- jwrt of an important judgment of tbo Supreme Court in reference to tbo impounding of stock by 8hiro Connoils ; a synopsia of the opccoh dolivored on Thursday night lost by tbe Pro roiorof Now ZoaIand;nn intorostiog letter from an AnBtralian in South Africa ; torriblo mining aooident in Brokon Hill ; tho lato Rev. Mr. Banning ; tho nolo nf tho Chovlot Estate in Now Zoaland ; Lord -Jersey on Now Sooth Wolos ; acoidoaton a atoamer. "We remind our readers ihat tho exhibition and sola of work in conneotion with tho Won loyanChnrohwlllbo opened to-morrow aftor noon nt 3 o'olook, and continued on Thursday and Friday evenings. An oxoollont collection of curios has bcon got togothor, and a plea sant hour may bo spent in viowiug them. In ouradvertisingcolamnsthismorningwill bo found tho businoss notico of Messrs. Wm. Horsley and Co., family wino and spirits mer chants, Brisbane, who aro nropqrod to supply Christmas Hampers at moderate prioos. Tho representative 'of Messrs. Horsloy and Co., is now in Toowoomba, and oan bo consulted at tho Club Hotel. ' A man named Merritt was brought into tho Toowoomba Hospital yostorday afternoon from Clifton, snfforing from the effects of poisoning by l&udannm.; Ho diod two hoars aftor ad mission.' Tho matter bos. been plaood in tho hands of tho polioo authorities, and a post- mortem examination will bo hold at tho hospital this morning. " Where did yon got thoso Boots?" At C. T. Edwards' Cash Solo. Ho is giving best valno in town in Boots and Shoos. 135a W& havo received tho first nnmbor of tho Chronicle, a now weekly newspaper, published for the first timo in Brisbane, on December tho 9th. Tbo now paper Is to bo "an Independent journal devoted to tho interests of tho Com monweal." Tbo first nnmbor is fairly woll edited, and contains a aignod article, vory ably ; written, by Mr. Cbarloa Powers, tbo Leader of tiio Opposition. has a 'good display of advortisomonts, and is woll printed through out. There is'- soopo In Brisbano -for a thoroughly outspoken journal, ono that will pat political' questions fairly and squarely beforo metropolitan readers, and not suppress important matters forfoar of giving offence in high quarters. Tho pnblio have a right to learn " tho trntb, tho wholo trath, and nothing bat the trntb," on political qnestiona ; and if the Chronicle will pnrsoo a straightforward ooxrso, bo- honest, oatspokon, consistent, and Iminly in its criticisms, and not resort to a 'pqiioy of- suppression, thoro is a prosperous career beforo it, and it may possibly develop into an influential doily. Saturday's Government Gazette contains a notification to tbo offect that William Honry Brodlo (Mounted Infantry) haB bcon placed on the unattached list. Mr. J. V. Chattaway, M.L.A., has been ap. pointed Government Assessor lor tiio Maekny district in connection with the Sugar Works Guaranteo Act. . Sergeant-major Bvrnr has been appointed drill Instructor to tiio Volunteer companies in Brisbano. Tho many frionds of the popular Scrgcant-Major will bo glad to 6eo him back in tbo Dcfenco Forco again. On Sunday afternoon a mombor of tho Indoo roopilly Cadets, named Goorgo Wrny, whilo practising in the drill shod on Sunday afternoon met with an Occident which resulted in a broken wrist nnd an injured thigh. Tho young fellow was conveyed to the hospital by somo of lho' Ambnlanco Corps, whoro his injuries wore at tended tO. ! Our readers will regret to icarn that tho Rev, J. B. Morrow, latoly in chargo of tho Prcoby- terian Church at Allora, nnd who was roccntfy reported as incapablo of farther ministerial waik owing to his mind being overclouded, died on 8aturday last. Tito rov. goiitlcman'B dcceaao will bo mnch and deservedly regretted. Adout five minutes to 8 o'clock on Sunday t' night o conflagration became vislblo on the Range, and shortly afterwards the mnpio word. " firo/' was lustily shouted, and the alarm given to tho, Firo Brigado Station by Mr. Goorgo Brotlicrton. Tiio mombors of tho Brigado woro K3&t;!y on thoir way to tiio secno of tbo firo which was discovorod. to bo a houso on tho Itango occupied by Mr. II. H. Lee, master at tbo Grammar School. On tho way up Margaret- street, the horse drawing tho rcol stumbled and fell, and somo slight delay ensued, but as tbo flames had already obtained a fair hold, aud is tho Bita of tho houBO was too high to admit of my supply of water from thef tVatenvorks the Brigade could do nothing on their arrival at tho icene. Tbo house yw&a; a ten roomed 'wooden auilding, which at one timo waB used ns a private sohool by Dr. Von Schultz. For somo ;im0 it has beon occupied by Mr. Loo and his amil>,witli whom Mr. H. Baxcndalo resided. Dn Sunday ovening Mrs. Lee wont to church, ind shortly afterwards Mr. Leo was startled by bo alarm of fire which, it is Raid, originated in iomo accident in ti>o children's bedroom. Mr. Leo had barely timo to romovo tho children, and n a minute or so tho wholo room was in a blaze, ind tho flames spread with rapidity to all tho utorior of tho houso; which was ono mass of oaring flames beforo it became visible to thoso lown tho town. There was vory little time to avo anything. Messrs. H. Stephens, )odd. Wiiiterburti, Rcnwick. and II. V. K. Martin who woro among the first to rrivo worked hard to assist Mr. Leo to rcscuo omo nf tho contents, but all they could manage o savo from tho burning dement was a fow rticlas of furniture. In a short timo tho flames ' it up ail tho neighbourhood, and pooplo congro- ated from all directions to watch tho canflagra- ion. All thoy could do was simply to stand nd look on at tho burning building; which ronl its elevated alto shono out prominently ' from tho Rnrronnding darkness, and illnminated fhe Rnngo in all directions. A strong oast wind ras blowing, and tho work of destruction was' apid. About 8.30 p.m. with the exception of wo olevnted tanks standing a strong framework f iron bark wood, littlo was left standing oxcent ho chimneys. Ono of tho tanks quickly ollapRed, but tho other stood for somo timo, nd alt was left there was a smouldering mass f what n fow hours boforo was a fino roomy UlUUng. A numoor oi uiu muiuiuu iuuuhku afantry who wero presont .formed upv and onerously assisted Mr. Lee to rcmovo tbe irnituro and clothing saved to Mr. Martin s ssidonco. Mr. Leo's furnlturo was insured for 160 in tlic New Zealand Firo Insurance Com- inv, but this amount will merely cover a free- on of tho loss ho sustains. Mr. Baxondalo's oporty was also insured for £100 in the samo impany. Tho house, which is tho property of r. F. A. Primrose, is insured in the Colonial utual Society, but tho amount of tho insurance is not transpired. Tns one fact that defies contradiction is none Jku_ Mn e«M invul hnats And YvJcs ot the low priceB Field is soiling during Is month. 29'1 The grckt sensation of tho day is Field's Cash )ot Sale. 2942 " That is a neat good fitting boot you havo on 3orgo." " YcsrI got them at Field's Cheap Saio Saturday, only soven shillings. Yon can rays got suited there quickly, thoy keep tbe gost and best stock In town to pick from, and e price is very low." 2947 The great reconstruction scheme is tho 80 per it reduction on all boots and shoes bought at eld's this month for cash. 25-13 Lady Norman, writing in rcfercnco to portraits ecuted for her by Mr. J. Bain, photogopher, of lylor- stroet, says: "Lady Norman has no ktor photograph of -herself. Miss Grace prmnn has also favoured Mr. Bsin with an tier for porr®i« of herself. Babies, out-door ' pons, landscapes", stereoscopic views, Christ- Is eaidB (with the bayer'iowu portrait In the litre), nnd "postage stamp portrait,' from 2s. M per dozen, are specialities of Mr. Bam 