LES CLOCHES DE CORNEVILLE, Attention is directed to an announce. ment in another column giving the cast of characters and other particulars relative to the production of the popular comic opera " Les Cloches de Corneville" at the Academy of Music on Monday and the three following evenings. The plot of the opera deals with the fortunes of the Comte de Lucenay, who, attainted for polit'cal reasons, flies from France, leaving his infant daughter Lucienneand considerable personal property in the care of a retainer, Gaspard. This wily Norman, however, brings up the child as his niece, under the name of Germaine, and gratifies his greed for mon'y by hoarding the Comte's trea sure. He has chosen for his coffers the decaying rooms of the old Chateau of Corneville, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason like De Lucenay, and an exile from France. The grandson of this Marquis de Corne ville is, however, alive, and the inderdict on the estates having been removed by the King, the village gossips believe that one day the long-expected heir will return. Meanwhile, the castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted : mailed spectres stride along its corridors, and ghostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. But in truth, these are devices of the cunning Gaspard, to frighten away all intending tenants of the old Chateau. At the open ing of the opera a knot of girls are on their way to the hiring-fair. Amongst these is Serpolette, a waif picked up by Gaspard on a bank iof wild thyme in one of his fields, and grown now into his servant of all work. She has thrown up his protection, however, and seeks a better place. Ger. maine eventually joins the band, also flying from Gaspard's house-but from a very different motive. The old miser has pro mised her hand to the village bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow. Now Ger maine has betrothed herself to a ne'er-do well named Grenicheux, who, as she sup poses, saved her from drowning. But in fact her deliverer was really the long-lost heir-the young Henri de Corneville, now captain of an armed ship with a roving commission, who, a year before, had put ashore at Honfieur to re-visit the house of \- his fathers. At the opening of the drama he again returns, and this time he resolves to take possession of his ancestral castle. The hiring fair, where he engages servants -amongst others Germaine,Scrpolette.and Grenicheux (now turned coachman)-con eludes the first part of the story. The scene now changes to the haunted halls of the Chateau. The young lord, with his officers and crew. torch and sword in hand, break into the deserted rooms-and lay their plans to surprise the adventurers, Q whom they suppose to be really the ghosts of the village tradition. Two discoveries, a bearing directly on the fortunes of the two heroines, are here made by the M'.rquia. Firstly, he finds that the girl he rescued a from the sea is the tiermaine who has cap tivated him, but who believes herself hound in honour to Grenicheux. Secondly, he discovers certain documents (left by old ° Gaspard) referring to the flight of Comte de Lucenay and placing of his infant ° daughter with the miser. Serpolette im 1 mediately rushes to the conclusion that she is the noble child in question, and thenceforth gives herself all the imaginary airs of her rank. The arrival of some o0e is announced by the scouts, Grenicheux is put into a suit of mail to watch the in truder unseen, and the Marquis and his crew retire to the armoury. The old miser appears,works his phantoms, lights the can delabra, vallows in his gold, and then comes a swift and awful vengeane'. The rusty bells toll-a ghostly chaunt is heard then a legion of spectres-all the dead ard buried Lords of Corneville appear-and advance on the appalled miser, who sinks wandering and terror-stricken on his gold. This startling tableau concludes the second part of the story. The last ant is devoted to the unravelling of the mystery attached 1 to Germaine. This is done by patching together the hints dropped in his ravings by old Gaspard-who confirms them, on his return to sanity, and owns that Germaine is not his niece but Mdlle do Lucenay. In the same moment, that young lady learns that she is free to give her hand where she loves, for that to Ucuri de Corneville, and not Grenicheux, she owed her life. Across the serious interest of the denouement comes the lighter texture of Serpolette's fortunes. No sooner does she assume the silks and satins of rank, than she is undeceived as to her real position, and has again to look forward to sabots and cotton. Over the betrothal of the Marquis and Germaine come, this time gladly, the chimes of " Les I Cloches de Corneville." The opera is full of bright music, pretty a groupings, picturesque drosses, attractive \- scenery, effective dances, and there are several very strong dramatic situations. 