That a large number of most desirable Austra lian colonists, probably a thousand in number, possibly more, should prove so tired of the con ditions of life here, where! they, are under British rule, the protection of its flag, and surrounded by kindred of the same nationality as their own, that they ..should dotermiiie to emigrate to a foreign country whore law has no power of solf-enforcoment, and where tho. conditions of life are harder than here, with the intention of forming a sottlemont based upnn Communistic, Sooislistio principles, ie an unpleasant suggestion that there is something wrong in onr social Bystem, which must arrest its growth aud pos sibly promote ita decay. : Australia can ill-spare a thousand picked emigrants of tbo stamp of those who are on tbe eve bf proceeding to Paraguay, eqch of whom .undertakes to contri bute L60 to the commoii Comouuial fund before ho starts, and afterwards baud ovor to it ell that ho possesses. The enthusiasm which induces men to do this is of no common kind, and! settlers of means of this type are of the Burt no country can well spare. H«d these people proved themselves disorderly, acting in the! spirit of tbe Shearers' Union- when on strike,: and had they been expatriated by their fellow colonials to onsure peace, thero would have been less regret felt, but their voluntary migra tion must be regarded by everyone with a feeling of. puzzled wondur. Wo arevtoldon one hand that what Australia chiefly needs to de velop ber resources is population ; on the othor, that the ppqple sfiqujd be driven frpm the cities and placed upon the land. Yet, in Victoria 'particularly, we witness week by week the fleeing of the population from the metropolis, turning their faces toward® Europeau and other conntriqs in order tp become permanent settlers in them; and in Queensland we have the Bpectacio of . a thousand colonists actually gaining their living pn the land," most of them sturdy thowpfl, st«ut-b'earted and bqsh traiqed, turniug their backs uppn a country wfl'Ph ®hopld offer limitless opportunities to such as they,- and proceeding to found a New Australia in Para guay ! We do not know, if the Government of Queensland would hay® tolerated the formation of a SocialiBtia self-governing settlement within ite limits, though its territory is wide enough to permit a trial of such, apd Victoria hfis tjjyipb allowed these experiments, iq gqpiolqgy witbin her much smaller region, bat it will, of course, be Realised that tlje existing conditions' of life1 jniiet ,®epm very opppespjiyo tp qiqn wheu; it ! fqryp8 them to leavo the! land, which .i®, to many of them, their birth-place, and, like the Mayflower pilgrims, seek tho aun of Freedom far 'away- The scheme of governmoint' prescribed for the New Australia — the' title- is . a misnomer — and should uotbe'applipd to a; pieyodistricfc in Para-. :guay— is the: old puq bequeathed by Bpcialist giro "to son, which haB been tried so often and broken down so oftoq that the bold experimenters must! simply, have made up their minds todi-fy history "in afioptipg ,ib. Its' leadiug principlea are—' r!", Tere is .to bp no jpdi.vidual ownership, .the community is to dontrol-all tho meaus.of produc-; tion in exchange ,' apd distribution, and by the aaime means qll production/ supervision of labour Baving, co-operation, and! disposal of the prodqae of labor will be managed. . -Tho: community, .jn. faot/ia to 'provide "for everything as "well as: for, everyone. Children will' b'o maintained by the1 State under. tbe: guardianshjp of. their parents ; all sanitary and educational : establisbmente wi|l be provided - by ' the' State ; nl( the; capitql ro- quired by the community :yyill be taken cfiapge , of !by tbe- oommuqity, aqd all thq ropiaiuing .yreqlth, lis to, bo, divided equally, amouy tlie/commuiiit'y without regard: to pex, agq. qflice,. p(iya|ga) pr mental capacity.1',' Arbitration, js;.; to '.takq - the place pf law, and the executive . authority is to be vested. in qi Director and Boqrd of Super- intendonts, elected .annually. The further de tails of the project are interesting, and appears to ; have been Carefully, thought out. but; with tliese we have not spaoa here to deqj.t j Wp shall, (lpyvever, FAtofi . the gropking of tha qxpepimont with interest,- ;t(iough with , a feeling' of rogrot phat it filjopld ijay )«eq. 9PP®j®r®d F9?P|arJJ , One of tljemost nqtqblq phairaptprjtjcq.of this age iq the persistqnpy of.itsep.qqiiptp.1)!! )v,e ppay call, | not- ao fnuoh, thjs tpp npther world, but the world environing us. At no period of human history has the peeping into the occult been'sde'adily pursued: or ''has arrested so much attention frqrq tlipjlearned. The mani- feqtatiqns of he FJgirlq.ot the - tiUipg apd rapping tables, the, vaunted) leyilM.ioqa.nf |lome, ha"ve' led' up; to' the , stage'-wjien rapookv, photo- gfapfiy ;s, (aI|sqd,.of mal familiar way,; a.nd 'ghosts iqyiqible tp thp huqian eye are taken like ord.ipary portals; -btft". f)tl(put';pberge7(pid de veloped from the sensitive plate , of. the qamera. Thought-rea'dirig has been: oarriod'' to an" amazing extent by suoh seers as Cumberland/ the ' blood writing on tbe arm and the slate trick being but other manifestations of the same principle, and !th e: jq(e®b phase of:the like effort to fseoure more jtaoylpde gt thp psyoljio. forces jyq orsritrjob com prehend ia" to be found. In telepathy/ by which it' is contended' thatVonBpersqiiiqan 'by? thought, either ooqsoioua or qnoonsploqe, pontrol the hand l/finolhfir though separated by hundreds qf -miles of spaoe from him or her, \ and Impress that band to write what is at tbe timd'pasaing through the mind of the impressor, Mr W. T. Stead, tbe editor- ig-cbicf of tljq ' Review pf Reviews,1 who has a mind of great receptivity to now Ideas, has been trying a series of experiments of lata in this art of qutqmptic handwritiug, qnd explains them in a lengthy article, the genulnonoss of the tests.'detailcd In whicfi he avouches, because tbey were all personally conducted.. 'Wo quote out of a numbcgiying twq strikipg iustpuppq gf .thjjj so-called te|epa|hiq correspondence- ip, order that what i® plaipied fur; it inay ; ha | cleqrly undor- stood. Tho author says:— I'Qu oqD.ocoasipn my friend B— who',- I me'say, snfiprs.'frbui ilL Jiqalfb, produqing yery aeyqfp. npy.yflu®, deprcs? sion — wrote with my band somewhat v in : this fashio— v My bodjly self haa ' wi-iften a letter to ypu to;ay, Do not take any notice of it. , It is not really what I wauted (a «ay.;It is tho pro- dnct'of disease. ' What I wanted' to toll you tyas gp. q))4; so.' .My Jiand tfie(i.urpt;p opt o ibpss?ge. I copied it, and sent it to B. Ho wrote back/ saying tjiet.l wqs beco'ipitig q r9gn(lar'wi|oh,' ' He said be'bad thoqght of tellipg qie about it whon he was writlug,' but- he desisted, thinking it hotter to keep it from'my knowledge/ as ' It wonld only trouble iq®-" A pettier rather curious casu was one in 1 wh jch Mr Stoad met an acquaintance in a railway carriage who qppeored to be iu some distress of mind. Mr Stead pressed him to tell tbe causo of his trouble, which ho judged to bo of a financial character, but this was refused. In the evening Mr Stead received a letter from his acquaintance, stating that he really cunld not give the information. At two o'clock noxt morning Mr Stoad, sitting in his bedroom and taking what appeared to be a somewhat unfair adyantage of bis power( sat dowp and aqid — "'You did not like to tell mo your exact Soancial position face to face, but now you can do so through my hqqd, Jqst write and tell mo exactly how things stand. How much money do you "owo' My hand then wrote, 'My debts are L90.' In reply to a further inquiry whether the figure was accurately stated, ' ninoty pounds' was thou written in full. ' Is that all V I asked. My hand wrote, ' Yes ; apd how . I am to pay them I do pot know.' ' Well,' said I, ' hqw much do yon want for that piece of property yqu wish to sell ?' My hand wrote, 1 What I hope is, say, L100 for that. It seems a great doaj, but' I must get money somehow,'" In reply fg further ' questions/ he wrote tliqi, (jqvipg rela- tives to support, he coujd; noj ,|iyo ou legs than L20Q a yeqr, but if rqlioyed of tjiuny coqld con.- trive to do so oh L50. In an after iutpryiew, he subsequently admitted that these statemcuta were correct. . ' Of course, it will be at once uoted that if such a power as Mr Stead hero claims were generally diffused, and ho appears to restrict it by no: limitation' as to timo: or distance, that somewhat serious consequences to the well-being: of society might result, aud each of us would live in the dread of a perpetual inquisition uver; which be would hare no control, and of which h'o would have no kDowledgo how far he had cum-, ruitted himself. But we usually havo an impres-i sion. that Mr Stead is somewhat : self deluded- and is not to be taken altogether seriously in the' accounts he gives of bis researches into' psychic'; truth. From a rapping table to tho Uleinas, from Mndame Biavatsky to tho lady whom he' had only once mot, aud who, without preconcert,! caused him to write an account of her progress in! the train, jta stoppages, &o.;, be. standing on the terminal platform at the tin)® awaiting her delayed arrival, Mr Stead always exhibits a trusting fait fithat .things are whet they seem.! And, while wo. have no wiBh to question but. that, telepathy may be. an expression of that occult force by which mind informs matter of which we aee much varied exemplifications, ' but the nature of which we do not clearly understand, we should requjre that Mr Stead's experiments should be conducted under better teat conditions before accepting them as demonstrated facts. ! 