Brevities. ————— Oddfellows meet Tuesday night. Revision Court at St. Marys Monday next. Grand Social at the Mulgoa Hall on Friday. Birthday Cards at TIMES Stationery Repository. Clearing-out sale Hough Bros, to-day. See advt. W. H. Barlow, for the ingredients for your puddings.* Nomination of five Aldermen for St. Marys, 7th February. For one month only Pianos tuned by J. Wilcher for 10s 6d.* "The Ghost in the Chair" (complete) will appear in our next issue. To meet the dull times Pianos sold at Wllcher's 25 per cent. off Catalogue Prices.* See our issue of the 28th for the ghost story, entitled "In the Seance Room." No pudding complete without Judges' celebrated Baking Powder ; give it one trial.* Fruit Preserving Bottles and Jelly Tumblers at H. Neale's, Nepean Stores, Penrith.* Thos. Neale and Son have just to bund a splendid lot of sawn palings at 14s a hundred.* Broke his neck trying to crush into Barlow's on Saturday night to buy his wife's groceries.* Weak pearlash water is said to be good to remove stains causes by acids on scarlet woollen goods. Annual nomination of four Alderman for Penrith Municipality, Council Chambers, 7th February. Sale at Richmond to-day. Horses, saddles, buggies, harness, etc. Hough Bros., auctioneers. Judges' celebrated Baking Powder, the best and the cheapest; 1s 8d per lb. Very large tins, 1s.* Playing Cards, Dominoes, Chessboards, Chessmen Cribbage Bokes, &c.;, at TIMES Stationery Repository Sir George Grey is the oldest living member of the Order of the Bath (K.C.B.) He was decorated in 1846. Intense cold prevails in America and Europe. Hamburg is icebound, and skating has been renewed in England. Who fell down the well? Why the man who tumbled over W. H. Barlow's price list of cheap groceries, etc.* Who's that hungry scarecrow? The man who doesn't deal with W. H. Barlow, the cheapest grocer In town.* Photo frames. 100 different kinds at TIMES Stationery Repository. Best assorted stock in the colony. Novelties by every mail.* Brown, a colored man, of Baltimore, recently waged that he could drink three pints of whisky. He died in the attempt to win his bet. An aged man was sent to gaol at Westminster for deserting his wife, to whom he had been married 55 years, and a separation order was granted. I say, have you seen them? What? Those wide sawn palings of Neale and Son's at 14s. a hundred! Yes, they are the best of the kind I have seen!* "Did the deceased die under suspicious circum- stances 1 asked a coroner of a rural witness "Now, he didn't; he died in the water, under the ice." A serious railway collision has occurred in Chicago. The wrecked carriages took fire and although no loss of life was reported 130 passengers were injured. At the Middlesex (England) sessions recently a young man, aged 20, was sentenced to four years' penal servitude for stealing twopence from the till of a publican. If everybody improved the minutes with the zeal that a hen puts into her work while making a surreptitious five-minutes call in a flower garden, what a world this would be! Stationery papertries and cabinets, paper and envelopes and cards and envelopes. Best assort- ment outside the metropolis at TIMES Stationery Repository. Prices range from 6d to 4s 6d During last year the Dubbo Pastoral and Agri- cultural Association spent over £1000 in improving its property. A tender has just been accepted for the erection of a grand stand, at a cost of £1200. "Rev. H. B. Giles, of Oakleigh, taking into con- sideration the hard times, begs to announce that he has reduced the marriage fee of the Church of England services from £3 3s to 12s Gd."—Age advt. In answer to a question by Mr. Molesworth, Sir George Dibbs laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly last night the the payment of £1000 to him on the occasion of his visit to England. Captain Weston, of Albion Park (the Illawarra Mercury of January 14 says), is now recovering from his twenty-fifth broken bone accident, and yet he is as straight as ever, and as active on a horse as a circus boy, The Earl of Burford recently made a wager of £300 with Mr. Proffitt, a sportsman of Napier (New Zealand), to ride from that place to Auckland, a distance of 300 miles in 66 hours. He accomplished the journey in 61 hours. On Saturday afternoon the the Governor enter- tained the members of the Boys' Brigade in Govern- ment House Grounds. Over 400 lads were present and after indulging various amusements they sat down to a feast of good things. George Hosmer, the American oarsmen, has arrived in England, according to latest advices, and will train at Barnes for his match with Bubear for £200 a-side, and the championship of England, and the Sportman Challenge Cup. According to the latest official calculations, there are 30,000 civil servants in the colony, and the amount paid away in salaries by the Govern- ment is about £4,000,000 per annum. This includes the railway service but not the police force. Mr. M. Rush has made the following adjustment for the wager boat race to be rowed at Coraki. Richmond River, on Anniversary Day :—T. Croese C. Neilsen, J. M'Clean, each scratch; P. Kemp, 2 lengths ; T. Sullivan, 3 lengths ; J. Malone, 10 lengths. At the Central Division of the Licensing, Court, on Tuesday, 32 applications by Syrians were refused as nothing was known by the police regarding the character of the applicants. Four other applications which were favorably reported on by the police were granted. There is to be no end of racing at the World's Fair, Chicago (U.S.A.). The stake for the Derby will be £12,000 clear to the winner. Eleven entries for the Derby have been received from England. To the Queen Isabella Stakes, for fillies, a sum of £5000 is guaranteed. A terrible affair is reported from China. A band of Chinese robbers made a raid on the village of Kamli. The maruders set fire to a temple in which 1400 men, women, and children were praying. The temple was completely destroyed, all the worship- pers being burned to death. The essay prize at Canterbury (N.Z.) college this year was for a paper on "The Past and Future of the Maori Race." The prize was won by a boy, Apriana Turupu Ngata, of the Waiapu, who matriculated at Te Aute College. On Friday last a miner named Henry Nicholls was severely injured in the Dalziel- cum-Prince Regent mine at Ballarat. His wedding had been arranged to take place on Monday, and in accord- ance with his wish he was married in the hospital, where is lying in a serious condition. At Dubbo on Monday the inquest upon the body of Jessie Hamling, who was shot at Coalbaggie on Tuesday was advanced a stage. Constable Prior testified that the boy Astill, who is under arrest on suspicion, had informed him that the gun had accidently gone off in his hand and killed Mrs. Hamling. The remains of the late Mr. E. C. Cracknell, Superintendent of Telegraphs, and Lieutenant- Colonel commanding the Submarine Miner's Corps, who died at his residence, Edgecliff-road, at 1.50 a.m. on Saturday, were interred on Sunday afternoon, with millitary honours, in Waverley Cemetery. Considerable dissatisfication is expressed in cricketing circles at the inclusion of W. Giffen in the Australian team, and the omission of such an excellent performer as Dr. Barrett. It is thought that better men could have been found than Ban- nerman or Gregory, and manv favour Percy Lewis, as an excellent bat, and nearly as good a wicket- keeper, in place of Blackham. A LESSON IN SPELLING. If an S and an I and an O and a U, With an X at the end, spell SU ; And an E and a Y and an E spell I Pray, what is the speller to do? Then, if also an S and an I and a G And an H E D spell cide. There's nothing much left for the speller to do But to go and commit siouxeyesighed. 