LITERARY NOTES. There is a great deal of interesting pic torial matter in the Review of Reviews for I February {Melbourne: R. A. Thompson fend [ Co.)—cartoons, portraits, and tine-art sub jects, such as the " Sistine Madonna and Child," from Raphael's.great picture in the Dresden gallery, the picture that obtained for him the .name of "the divine." It iB from a photogravure by the Berlin Photo graphic Company.' The news and sketches in the Australian part are brought close up to date. ■ So numerous are the illustrations from the comic journals of all countries that the Review of Reviews is becoming comic itself. Mr. Jay Could, the. deceased Ame rican millionaire, .is the subject of the cha racter sketch.. He gets 10 pages, sufficient space to explain the secret Of his success if that secret admits of being told at all. Readr, tog about such people is as fascinating for. some folks as: looking into confectioners' windows, is: fqr children or drapers' windows for women. . Jay .Could is classed among the little men of the .world—5ft. Oin. high, slight in figure, and weighing only 8£ stone. He drank very little, and never Bmoked. He worked from 8 a.m. till. 11p.m. some days, and we are not. surprised to hear that he sometimes could not sleep, requiring to be read to for hours together. In his office he took things easily and coolly. - He had no scruples, and was born without a conscience. His.constant aim . was to come out on top, and not mind whom he drowned. The article on Jay Could is. followed by the usual summaries of the magazines and reyiews, with extracts from the most interesting, papers. The Religious Review of Reviews for Janu ary (Melbourne: R. A. Thompson and Co.) summarises and discuBses articles interesting to clergymen and theologians in the secular and religious magazines of the month. It is: stated that the Australian edition-has a good circulation. The contents have plenty of variety, and papers like Father Brandi's on: the infallibility of the Pope get a fair allow ance of space, even though the Review editor has to express his dissent. The Pope, as many a writer. has explained, is infallible under certain conditions; the special assistance of the Holy Ghost islgiven for the only purpose of preserving, explaining, and defending the revelation already made to and through the Apostles." Great subtlety is necesfiary in handling such a topic. Why must the Pope be held to be infallible? The writer of the article does not require to say, because it is enough for him that the Pope is infallible. But the answer is not far to seek. To the lay mind it is evident that the Pope must be credited with infallibility in order that there may be at all times some living authority fo decide what is and what is not true doctrine, and put an end to discussion by pronouncing final judgment. But being human the Pope may err, therefore, to keep him from straying, he ia limited or hedged in with "conditions," and where these conditions are observed the church finds that it can credit him with infallibility withoutin curring great risk. The convenience of having an infallible heAd to the church is so great that one can'well understand how the dogma i-_ * < _ j "j .fi. j j_ j_ _ j be invented, and afterwards deduced | ... T ining of a very subtle kind from the Scriptures. It was not more difficult to originate than- purgatory, foe which there is 0o ai^Ugrity in the Bible. Purgatory was because the church could not get r ;hout such a place. From the com F-we have made on the article on infalli fty, it will be sure that the Religious Review of Reviews contains suggestive matter. ; According to the Rev. S. M. Brandi, S. J. (North Amrican Review), the Pope is never infallible excepting when he speaks under the following four conditions1. The Pope miist speak as Pope, i.e., as head of the Church, " in virtue of the apostolic power given to him." 2. The Pope must speak for the whole Church. 3. The Pope must define the doctrine'; that is, he must pass a final judgment .. -Should- he merely state what seems (videtur) to him to be more likely, his utterance would not be such as to. claim in fallibility. Finally, 4. The doctrine thus defined by the Pope must be one which -is contained within the sphere of the subject matter of infallibility j it must be a truth be longing to faitp or morality, in either of the ways above explained. A good Jay Gould story is told in the I Review of Reviews :—'* At the time a fierce j railway competition -raged between Com modore Vanderbilt, of the New York Central, and Could and Fist_of the Erie. Cattle .were brought from Buffalo to New York city at 12odol. a carload. The Commodore reduced the rate to lOOdol. Fisk and Gould made a cut of 25dol. less. The Commodore weAt ito'SOdoli^ Erie then offered to bring cattle here at 25dol. per carload, and when the Erie Jmt Weirite still lower Vanderbilt issued an order to bring cattle over the Central at ldoi. a carload. The Commodore thought this would ruin the Erie's freight traffic. He waited to see what card Fisk and jCould would next play. [ Just as he was con gratulating himself that not a steer was being carried over the Erie,- while the Central was compelled to tofWe business, he discovered that as in prgYiqus^gontosts he. had been out witted.. Whenihe, Commodore reduced the rate to Idol, per carload, Fisk and Could purchased everyoowjRhd veer to be had west of Buffalo. They shipped them, not by the Erie, bat byjjhe Central, at the Commodore's own rate.' TheyhSdsold enough in this city to make a fortune before Vanderbilt found but * where he was ££"* From Messrs. William Blackwood and Sons, Edinburgh, $re have received a small volume of Prayers for Family Worship, authorised by the general assembly ot .the Church of Scotland. "Aj$l8 to devptlon" of this kind are rid doubt assumed^ to ne serviceable to Presbyterians living in the bush, who make up for the scarcity oPbhurch services by holding- morning apd -evening gatherings in the houde on week-days as well as Sunaaj-s. Family worship is kept up in many bush homes in whioh habits prevail that were set by the pioneers of thee&rly; days. ; In Revolt, by Miss Edith Grossman (Eden, Remington, and Company), is an Australian I book in so far that the characters in it speak | and feel, -tyrannise and coffer under Aus tralian skifea;i But those who look for a story redolent of the soil, charged with the ppirit of Hie Australian - solitudes, or reflect ing faitbfuUy the TOrious phases of town or counter life in the earlier days of the colonies, must-needs be disappointed. After the opening chapters, yvhich are marked by breadth of vistdn and pioturesqueness some of si abtuu jof style, , the authoress appears to have aonea^iny &iins; in this direction', and contented herself with a domestic narrative, which resolved itself presently into a record of helpless endurance mid gross unredeemed brutality. Unless the pages mislead us, the writer has found a reason for telling her tale in the reality of certain of the characters or incidents depicted. Bnt if a work be artistic —however repellent in theme—such . a defence is not needed; if it be not artistic, the excuse of realism cannot justifiy it. Few people,for example, would wish Wvthzr ing Heights to have remained unwritten merely because the character of Heathcliff, unrelieved by a single tmit of goodness or human pity, is an unprofitable study. The Btory has a torce and rugged grandeur which win it esteem in literature apart from that consideration. But the.character of-Bradley Carlisle in In Revolt is not saved in the same manner by its setting. The man is simply a coarse, drunken, inhuman brute, whose words and deeds it is unalloyed un pleasantness to tend of.' More care has been taken with the character of the heroine, Her mione, a pure, high-spirited girl, who is fated, at the age of 16, to become Carlisle's wifeana victim. Born to the primitive buBh life of Victoria, before the dawn of. the golden era, Hermione is depicted as inheriting from her student father, and ProvenQale mother, a sensitive organisation and restless asDirations Which tender all the more grim her sacrifice to the grosa animal she is rated, to call hus band. Bradley Carlisle., is an Irish-Aus tralian, whose Hibernicism is attested solely by the very occasional use of the expressions, ' faithand "mavourheen." Heir to a1 considerable squatting property, he has been able to visit England to enjoy the advantages of Oxford education. Solittle, however, nas the atmosphere of that ancient university ameliorated the savagery of liis nature, that the first act of the young gentleman, upon his return, is to lash his mother With a horse whip. Almost his .second'is to exclaim to that certainly pot very estimable matron:— " D-—n you, hold your tongue "can't you?" and again to raise his horsewhip! "with a sadden dark passion on "his face. This is sufficiently expressive in its - way, and will enab)e the reader to imagine with tolerable accuracy the life which Hermione is destined to 'lead with her partner. Most of the authoress's potyer is expended in depicting the mental phenomena which disillusionment and ill- treatment produce in* her heroine, and here she is not unsuccessful, although at the best this is. scarcely, attractive reading. Other characters there are in plenty, but they are scarcely such moving figures of flesh and blood as entwine; themselves into the sympathies of a reader. One is ruthlessly done to death by a husband rivalling Carlisle in dull ferocity, but the culminating horror of the narrative lies in the brutal murder of Hermione's eldest child—a fine, high-spirited little boy—by his besotted father. So far as lurid effect goes, to Miss Grossman. belongs tire credit of describing this repulsive scene with all needful force and realism. But such a scene as this, wherein a mother beats distractedly at a locked door, behind which, her sick child is vainly venting, "sickening moanB and agonised cries for mercy," is one which most people would infinitely prefer not to have described at all. Thereafter the wretched Hermione wanders on foot from home, and: crosses the Wallaroo Ranges in a state of semi-starvation and madness, at which point the authoress (whether discreetly or not it is difficult to say) drops the veil. Whether she lived or died, found consolation or not; can not be gathered with certainty from the in tentionally mystifying conclusion of the work, j This because it is unconventional is notneces- ] sarily artistic, and the same remark may! apply to the authoress's failure to mete out I poetic justice to the atrocious villain of her ] story. Mb. Linlev Samboubne, now one of the. senior members, of Punch staff, has been in terviewed about his art. He said—" If you want the secret of my drawings, here it is," and he tapped what was apparently a maho gany wainBcoting on one wall of the room, I reaching to the ceiling. It was a vast chest | of small drawers about a foot in depth. Every one of them was tightly packed with photographs, all neatly arranged in order, and each ticketed with a little tab, so that any desired one could be drawn out in an instant. "Yes,". Baid Mr. Sambourne, "it is a fairly comprehensive collection. Name a subject, and aee if I have it." "A croco dile/' I hazarded. "Here we are," and he opened a drawer containing some fifty dif ferent representations of the reptile. "My theory is," continued Mr. Sambourne, " that no man can do really good work ont of his head. He must draw' from something—a model, of course, for preference. But I seldom have the opportunity of getting a model in time for any subject that may be required. Sometimes 1 am only told the subject for my weekly cartoon on Friday at noon—although it is supposed to be de cided at the Punch dinner on Wednes day—and I have to get the finished drawing into the office by 8 in the evening. Insephotographs just as mo3t caricaturists do notes. Another man would take a sketch of what he wanted to work up into his drawings, if he is unable to draw directly from his subject - But I make sure of having ah accurate representation of my subject by fairing a photograph of it and then drawing from that' I: used to buy photos, but now I take teem all myself, and 1 am continually adding to my collection. I have models who, instead of sitting to be sketched, sit to be photographed. It is a great saving of time." " You have been connected with Punch for a very long time now," I queried. " Yes," he replied ; Mr. Teriniel and Mr. Du Maurier are the only two of the;art Btaff who can claim seniority to me. In my work I have found books on costume and armour wry useful. I have, in foot, had to extensively study both subjects, and have travelled a great deal in research of facts about them. I used to have a book on old ormoor that was almost invaluablo to me. One day, a man purportingto come from a Royal Academician, said that the R.A. would be extremely bbliged if I could lethim see the book for a day or two. So'-T-gaVe the man the whole 12 volumes;'tod it was not until I met my friend a week afterwards that I learned that ! I had been cleverly robbed by a swindler, whom my friend had never even seen." Mb. M'CctiLAGH Torhens, in ' his Re miniscences of the House of06»»r^ons, tells an anecdote of Major O'Gormto. On aparticular Friday the major wto dining alone in the Parliamentary diningrpom. He called for the carte, which an' Irish waiter was prompt to lay before him. In' a somewhat dissatis fied tone he Said; "No, hot the fish! give me the other." fbe attendant muttered unob trusively, ,bnt loud enough to be heard, " This is Friday/sir';" but the major was obdurate, and. loOking down the menu, pointed to a grilipdifowV which he desired to h&Ve; with a piht bfr mgdeira. He had not long been en gaged, ttt TOe appropriation of the savoury viand, yrhen the waitetapproached,tendering him a ;visiting carl which bore the name of the priest of trite parish that had done moat to return hifii,- For a moment he hesitated; and then exclaimed, " Well, take away the devil, and show in the prieftt."' ' ; Mb. Alfred Milner in England and Egypt, explains some of the difficulties under which: the government of Egypt is carried on:—; " Wherever yon turn there is some obstruc tion in your path. Do you want to clear out ,a cesspool, to prevent the sale ofnoxioasdrugs, to suppress a seditious or immoral print—you are pulled up by the capitulations. Do you want to carry out some big work of public, utility—to dig a main canal, or to drain a city! —you are pulled up by the law of liquidation. You cannot borrow without the consent of Turkey; you cannot draw upon the reserve fund without the consent of the Caisse; you cannnot exceed the limit of expenditure with out the consent of the powers. Do yon, im-. peded and hampered on every side, finally; lose patience and break through, for however good an object, the finest mesh of the net' which binds you, or lay a finger on even the most trivial European privilege—you have a Consul-General down on you at once. May, more; you may have the British Government down npon you, because your, action may, have brought upon its head the remonstrances % .foreign ambassador, and you .may be; spoiling some big hand in the general game of' foreign politics by your tiresome little Egyptian difficulty. And all the while the foreign papers in Egypt are howling at'you for not sup pressing nusiapces which foreign . privilege does not allow you to touch, ana for not de voting to public improvements money which international conventions do not allow yon to spend. _ And all the -while the natives are1 grumbling, and with far more reason, because they are nonprotectedagainstforeign encroach-' ment, and because their money is not set free to be spent npon the objects which they have at heart." . To find out what "society" people read, an inquisitive person went to the Groavenor Gal lery Library, in New Bond-street, and this is what the libriarian toid him:—"I have, in my mind a young lady, who regularly as every day comes round takes out three fresh volumes of fiction. That is to say, this lady practically, every day, reads or glances at a. three-volume novel, or it may be two1 novels—one in single volume, one in two , volumes. I know of two sisters, too, who read regularly eighteen volumes of fiction a week—never a magazine, never anything serious, always, always novels. But I need hardly say that the average lady reader comes far below this in the number of bookB she reads." " Who are the best read' novelists, among West End people ¥* "George MereditE, Thomas Hardy, Robert Louis Stevenson, J. M. Barrie, Conan Doyle, Rndyard Kipling, and Blackmore. Meredith is read by the most intelligent class of readers rather extensively. Hardy with Teas has daring the past fourteen mpriths ' been enormously read, and the book is still in demand." "What is the West End estimate of lady novelists?" "If a novel by Mrs. Humphry Ward came out, we should ' order a larger number of copies than we should in the case of a novel by any other woman. Ouida, Miss Braddon, Mrs. Oliphant, Mrs. Hnngerford, and John Strange Winter are all very popular." " Do yon do anything with the writings of dead authors?" "Not much; that is nardly our line. So far as we can judge, Thackeray and George Eliot read best among English novelists of the past." " What about verse V " " Poetry is hardly ever read. Biography is better read than travel, but much of the biography of to day is trash—often mere personal gossip about nobodies. Un questionably there is a taste for that kind oi thing." Mb. H. W. Loot, in the Strand Magazine for January, writes about his experiences in the reporters' gallery of the House of Com mons. He tells a good story of the late Mr. "Charlie" Ross, manager of The Timed staff, who used to sit of an afternoon in the ante-chamber of the press gallery, armed with a copy of The Times' report for that day, with the "turns" all marked with the name of the man who had written them—a veri table Rhadainantlius to a blunderer. Mr. Lucy, who occasionally "devilled" some of - The Times' reporting for a friend, once had experience of the process. " Seated one day by command beside this terrible old gentle man, he produced the marked passage con taining one of my turns, and pointiug to the , name, Mr. Ward Hunt, fixed a glowering eye on me and said, with his slow intonation:— 'Who is Mr. Ward Hunt? 'He is the member for North Northamptonshire,' I timidly replied. ' Oh !' he said, witheringly, ' that's whom you mean. Ward Hunt! Let me tell you, sir, Ward Hunt may be very well for the penny papers, but in The Times' report we write ' Mr. W. Hunt.' " . A German publishing firm in Stutgart bav- : ing issued a people's edition of Shakspeare's dramas in one volume, edited by the German ShakBpeare Society, have , sold in eighteen months no fewer than ten editions, each of 2,000 copies. 