•HAMLET' ON THE STAGE. In view of the appearance of Mr. Walter Bentley as Hamlet, a note on some of the famous impersonators of this character in the past may prove interesting. From Sliasespeare's time down to that of Fecliter, the actors who achieved most celebrity in the part were only 15 in number, although there have, of course, been many Hamlets of lesser note. Nor does this list include the names of such modern Hamlets of distinction as that of Ilenry Irving in Eng- .land, Edwin Booth in America, and Tommaso Salvini and Ernesto liossi in Italj-. The first stage Hamlet was Richard Burba<^e, the greatest actor of Shakespeare's day. Born about the year 15^6, be was the original of a dozen of Shakespeare's characters on the stage, including Shylock Richard 111., Romeo, Henry V., Othello Lear, Macbeth, Coriolanus, and Hamlet. Burbage. like Garrick and Kean, was short in stature, and at the time when Hamlet was brought out had become somewhat corpulent; hence, apparently, tho line in the last act of Hamlet, spoken of the Prince by Queen Gertrude. ' He's fat and scant of breath.' Unfortunately, no record of the manner in which Burbage acted Hamlet has come dov.-n to us, a fact which is to be regretted, inasmuch as the actor -was instructed in the part by the great dramatist himself. Of his fame in Shakespearian interpretations there is, however, no question ; and of all these impersonations his Hamlet takes highest rank. The second Hamlet of note was Thomas Betterton (1635-1710), the leading actor of the Restoration. He played chiefly under the management of Sir William Davenant, who is to be credited with the introduction of proper scenery and costumes to the stage. Betterton who first played Hamlet at the age of 27, instantly ' electrified his audience,' in the chara-jter, Thereafter the tragedy was frequently revived, with Betterton as the Prince, and with such success that its financial record was not equalled at the time by any other production. Coliey Cibbar, in his masterly ' Apology.' a book *»hicli is full of admirable criticism on the art of acting, has left a graphic word picture, too lon^r, uufortunately, to quote in full, of Betterson's Hamlet. Betterson's first scene with the ghost was particularly impressive. He opened it -vyith ' a pause of mute amazement; then rising slowly to a solemn, trembling voice, he made the ghost equally terrible to the epectator as to himself, and in tile descriptive part of the natural emotions which the ghastly vision gave him, the boldness of his expostulation was still governed by decency, manly, but not braving, his voice never rising into that seeming outrage or wild defiance of what he naturally revered.' Betterton, whose Hamlet -was characterised by filial tender- ness aud dignity, created no less than 130 characters during hie long and honourable career. His successor was tlie illustrious David Garrick [1716-1779], who first acted Hamlet in Dubliu in the summer season of 1742, having for his Ophelia no less a person than Margaret WofEugton, whose name was taken by Charles lteado and Tom Taylor for tlie heroine of " Masks and Faces." The popularity of the young Hamlet in the Irish capital was extraordinary. The people were infected with the ' Garrick fever,' and this Hamlet of 26 was dubbed 'JEtosicus,' an affectation which did not turn the youthful player's head. The TJixbtiB-i verdict was endorsed by that of Loji^onj' ^ Garrick, like 'Betterton made "Sis* greatest effect in the ghost scenes. ' When he first saw tbo vision the fa.r withjsjiicn fee 6eemedtobe filled immediately cStnindnicated itself to his audience. His -i^rjiostujations, though warm and impfr&tfcrfe;, w^re yet restrained by a filial awe. The progress of his impassioned sensation until the ghost beckoned him to retina_was accompanied with an admirable mirture of terror and revcrence.' A characteristic of Garrick's Hamlet was tie note of filial piety struck in the first scene with Che'ghdst. He was also excellent in the various soliloquies, making his greatest effect in the speech commencing * O what a rogue and peasant slave am I.' Garrick's p'ltbos in the conclusion of Hamlet's exhortation with Iiis mother w;is also particularly fine " Davy,' who was perpetually endeavouring to improve Shakespeare, made a wild and wonderful version of 'Hamlet.' Amonrtr other things he completely whitewashed Laertes, and he expunged the «.Laract<,rs of the grave- ^lifigerfe and young Osric. Laertes vsac also at first provided with a dying speech, which was so .well received by the audience that it was speedily transferred to Homlet. Garrick's TIamlet was followed by that of John'Henderson fl7-i7-17S:~>). familiar in sta?« history as the ' B:ith Roscius.' Henderson, as Shylock, successfully challenged comparison with Macklin, but he is most famous for his Faistaff. Kis Hamlet, nevertheless, had its irood points, chief of whifeh was the exquisite mufeic of his voice in the apostrophe 'tlio fair Ophelia.' But Garrick w&rshippers; would have none 6f hinf afr Hamlet. They found fault with him for throwing away the portrait of his uncle, in the famous scene between the Queen and Hamlet, and, again, for retaining it, after tho dissertation on the brothers^ Nor did he manage his hat prtioorly on seeing the ghost! But his most heinous offence lay iu the famous close!; scene, in which he did not upset the chair according to tradition. ' Mr Garrick, sir. always overthrew the chair,' complained the r.'ili^rents of tho great little man. George F;ederick Cooke—17OO-1SI2—who excelled srreatly in other characters, war, a complete failure as Hain e , who was converted by hi hi into ' an unpolished, obstinate. sarcastic madiu.ui.' The three Kembles—John Philip,Charles and Stephen—a" 1 tried Hamlet, the most successful of the trio being the elder. John Philip—1757-182."—who. thanks to the influence of ins sister, Sarah Siddons, made his first- appearance on the boards of Drurv Lane Theatre 0:1 September 30, 17S3, the Dane. Kemble's Hamlet in thos» early days was * too scrupulous!^ graceful.' In later years Hnzlitt was moved to unusual admiration of h is impersonation :—' There Iif iras, the sjvoet, the graceful, the gentlemanly ainle The scho a -'s eve shone in him v.ith le.arned beauty; the soldier's spirit decorated his person ; the beauty of his perfortnance was its ret rospective air, its intensity and abstraction ; liis youth seemed delivered over to sorrow. Later ictors have played the part with more energy, walked more in the fun. dashed 1 more at effect, oiqued thems^lvfs more on • the sjirth of a foi< : but Kembie's sensible, j lonely Hamlet has nat be^n surpassed.') Komble'-s Hamlet v.:-- °miner.t!y scholarly > and intellectual, but too studiously erace- j ful and too cold to bo entirely clreet;v.\ Stephen Komble, who wa? s.> ob^re that ho ! played Faistaff wi?h<>ut faddin-j - . occasion- ! all£ attempted Hamlet for his benefit. ! when the lir.es, O, that this too, too solid flesh would melt. .Thaw, and resolvo itself into a dew, provoked the smiles, rather tbr.u the sympathy, of the audience. A famous Hani let of the early part of tlie century was Charles Mavne Yr.un^ -1777- 1856. His great hits were made in the intensity and vigor af the play scene and in the fencing scene. II:s scenes bei ween Hamlet und Ophelia and between Hamlet andtheOui-en lacked ter_d"r-jo^s Edmuud Kean 17S7-18.13 played Hamlet af Druv.v Lane for the first time on .VTa'ch 12, If.M having two months previou- vly F-ivod 1 he theatre from ruin by m.-'e'i'^eert |x-rformance of Shvlc*_k. His Hamiet cannot take rank with bis Othello, Shylock, or Iago. In several respects it was the traditional stage Hamlet. In many scenes the virulence of his Hamlet was out of place, and in others, notably in the lastact of the drama, where he exclaims, * 'Tis I Hamlet, ths Duke,' he wanted force. He created a fine effect in the scone witlr Ophelia, at the end of which Kean used to return from the very extremity of the stage, take Ophelia's hand, kiss it with tender rapture, look mournfully upon her with ey T es full of beautiful significance, and then rush off the stage. Macready's Hamlet was monotonous, harsh, and severe; successful only m the play scene. Charles Kean's Hamlet was careful aud polished, but painfully lachrymose and extremely slow. Fechter was ineffective iu the play aud closet scenes, making his best hit in the scene with Ophelia. .Sympathies delicate, handsome, and v.ith long flaxen curls, quivering, sensitive nostrils, fine eyes and sympathie voice, he perfec tly represented the graceful prince, but he did not touch the trag stop in his reudeting of Hamlet. 