Notes of the Week. Mr. J. McL. Johnston will shortly, be a passenger for Adelaide on six months leave after twenty- and good" service in the Far North. The. Dramatic Society are having a new proscenium erected in the Town Hall. Reports from the Roper state that the natives of that district have lately had a warm engagement with blacks who carried across from Groote Island for the express purpose of giving the mainland tribes a dusting. The ss Darwin arrived on Monday morning from Singapore. The ss. Sherard Osborne was docked on the misty on Monday morning and was given an overhauling. She left for Singapore on Tuesday. There is one couple here who surely ought to feel happy over the departure of the cable ship. The Sherard O's. search light on Sunday night discovered a good many things, but nothing that afforded such intense satisfaction as the sight of a cable chum making desperate love on one of the Port Hill promenade, seats. ^ In language which he could not fail, to understand the ship signalled to the amorous one to "chuck it and go home." One of the sights of the Government Gardens at the, present time is the show of mango trees in full bearing. The fruit is as yet in its green state, but it is of a good uniform size and some of the trees are fairly loaded down with their produce. It is the intention of the Curator to save this fruit for the sake of the seed, which will he planted out to bring forth young plants for distribution. Rain fell at Palmerston on Sunday afternoon, but the suburban areas have been most favored up to date. It is evident that our Public Trustee is determined to clean up the intestate estates which have been accumulating of, pte.. -The available assets will not run to-much in any case, we may feel sure, but whatever the distributive totals may he claimants must remember that no demands will be met unless claims are properly set I forth at the right time and place. 3 Professor Tate, who. at the Science Congress, delivered a lecture on the chief geological features of South Australia, is the. gentleman who many years ago expressed the opinion that the mining industry of the N.T., would never be worth a rap until the then people of the place were wiped out of the country. That seemed to be the chief geological- feature discovered by the Professor when he was up with the Ministers in the very far north. There were other features discovered at the time but they were not of the geological species. The announcement that members of the Literary Society are about to stage a" chapter from the "Merchant of Ven: ce" reminds us of a time way back in local history when Shakespeare made his last appearance here. It was when a now forgotten star, Morton To va res, was stranded at Port Darwin while his wife (stage name Miss Surtees) gaily sailed northward with a gallant captain. The spicy elopement rather fetched our sympathies, and a benefit to "make the ghost walk " for Morton was soon in preparation. The concert hall in those days was Barclay's Rooms, an old weatherboard crib that stood in Mitchell- street. To viz res was big in Shakesperian character, and biggest of all in the " Merchant of Venice :" so the court scene was chosen with the star in the principal role and amateurs filling the other parts. Very few are left here who were on the stage on that memorable occasion. The act ran along without sensation to the end the quality of mercy had been duly noted, the pouñcí-of-ílesh argument fully discussed, and the Jew had been discomfited to the entire satisfaction of everybody when just as the audience had laid itself out to cheer the old actor the front row of seats began to go through the floor. The white ants had previously had their pound of flesh out of the boards, and the Rooms, were not fit to stand so much excitement. However, To va res reaped a substantial benefit, and the very next strong breeze that came along toppled j the frail "theatre" over into a mass of ruins. Shakespeare was too much for it. Another batch of new books has been received for the Palmerston Library, and are now on the shelves for distribution. Mr. Lewis is a firm believer in keeping pace with the publishers, and this represents the third addition which has been made during the short period of his secre- test ship. - A suitable volume to have just now would be one treating of ÇQÎ>JU^1 felicity News is to hand that' the Chinese at the Eureka made a big haul of gold from some old plates that were thrown in with the purchase six months ago. A white, fossicker thought he would try one of the plates one day, and his reward was so good that he offered the Chinese a price for the lot. At this, however, the Chows pricked up their ears and decided to clean the plates themselves, and their labours returned them £300 worth of gold ! It is safe to wager that this kind of thing does not happen very often in Victoria, where mine managers understand their business. The lugger " Midge," al sent which some anxiety was being felt, turned up here from the Roper on Sunday night. That the uneasiness of her owners was well grounded is patent from the report which her skipper, Mr Williamson, has brought with him of the perils which the little craft encountered. The. Midge left here for the Roper River in July last with a cargo of stores. Before she had. been many days out she met si off south east breezes with heavy sea, and in Bowen Straits was caught by an exceptional! blow against which it was impossible to make headway. To make a long story short, the little boat occupied seven weeks, in getting; to her destiny I... O- G ation, but she arrived with her cargo intact. The run back under more favorable conditions occupied less than a fortnight. The Midge has now been - taken in hand by her new proprietors) (Messrs. Pott, Mugg & Co.) and will he fitted out for a pearling cruise. A section of our aboriginal community, a few days ago made one of the town camps intensely noxious under the influence of spirituous liquors, with the result; that four of their number were locked up. Two of these, a pair of old feminine offenders, were sent to gaol for a fortnight. An advertisement in another column should act as a: reminder to persons who fancy they have a right to done they please with the trees which grow on the esplanades of the township. a We note from southern exchanges.' that one of the proposals of the coo-' nomic legislation of South Australia is aged rid. of P.M.G. Todd and the Surveyor- General, allowing them, of course, their retiring, allowances. " duty is also hinted that one, of the Railway Commissioners will he asked to resign" We have seen it somewhere that" the Commercial Bank of Australia is reducing the salaries of its officers all! round on a sliding scale. Managers have £40 . per? annum' knocked off tellers £20, and clerks £10. In these parlous times of financial depression and bank resurrection such a step must have been anticipated.' A small haul of tobacco was made; by the Customs on those ss Darwin a few days back. It was. a parcel weighing sales of stock" tobacco and it had been taken out of the case with the evident. intention of getting it ashore in small,],. lots. No one claimed it, of course. An old friend. Captain Strachan.,'.'' has been guilty of the very undignified" act of falling' from a barge into the Brisbane River. His cries for help attracted,- the attention of the captain of the prison hulk, who put off in a punt and picked up the.o warrior. We have been requested to notify that in consequence of the stage of the Town Hall being all topsy turvy the meeting of the Literary Society which was fixed for this evening has been adjourned to the 20th instant, and the A. mock parliament will not open its... session until the 3rd of November. 2 j ? It may be of interest to Europeans; in the Chinese-stricken Territory to know the ruling rate, of wages in the south. Here are the figures of the latest report from Marsh's Brisbane agency Governesses: £40 to 600 per annum ;. nursery governesses, J. 30 to £20 ; mothers' helps, £40 to £20 ; married couples, £70 to £50 ; cooks, 20s to 12s weekly ; cook-ïâuudresses,, 20s to 12s; laundresses, . 25s to 12s; barmaids, 25s to 15s; housemaid waitresses, 14s to 10s : housemaids, | 14s to 9s; nurse-needle.vomen, 15s to 15s; nurses, 10s to 8s; nurse-house maids 8s to 7s general servants, 15s. s to 8s : useful girls, Ssto 6s ; nursegirls, ! 5s to 4s ; grooms and useful, ] 5s to ! 12s: young grooms, 10s to 8s; farm hands, 15s to 12s; useful lads, System 1 6s ; useful boys, 5s. For the above figures engagements are made for all parts of Queensland. In their first match in America the. Australian cricketers got what the Yankees would call an " all tired lick-, I ing."' This is all the more; sut prising-" j by reason of the fact that cricket is not reckoned among the boss accom-. push ments of Brother Jonathan." The moral pointed by the defeat seems to - lie that the Americans readied up fife; special Worlds, Fair, team for the occasion, or else that the Australians put a very poor team in the field. Bannerman we know is not with them. Be this as it may the one-innings score. of the States is a very creditable performance against an eleven that. is: travelling on the game. as v in connection with the Mutual; Freehold Distribution Society, whose '.' advertisement we published, it will be cold comfort to any who spend pounds' r from here to know that the ticket | seller who was brought up at the. Melbourne Court- was treated leniently because he said 'He had written to Sydney desiring to have anything further to do. with the affair." Looks; ashy, this.. ? '...."-. \- The total value of exports from the" Territory by the three months ended Sept, 30th cached £46,0$5, staple' products alone, being valued at £1 £,.023. Uold contributed £5,46 of this total. The exports, exceed the imports lay £18,632, mo.re-tUan,a. yarded? the total of exports. Athletic sports were advertised; to take place at Union Town on Uw I'll November it and reported that the up-country mail cal officer is to be abolished now without the slightest shadow of a doubt. Dr. Lynch, we are told, has received three month s notice to quit, which means that he ought to he leaving about the end of the year. If all this he true country folk had better wake up and enter a sturdy protest. It. is their lookout, sand if they do not take steps to manifest their displeasure at the thought of being deprived of their doctor it is hardly likely that those who did not feel the convenience will take the initiative. A great many persons are of the opinion that the position held by Dr. Lynch is not one that the medical fraternity would become excited about to any extent, and possibly the doctor might be more pleased than anyone else at the idea of leaving it. Still, that is not the point. ] What the public must guard against is the auction of the place, and if a Memorial with that end in view is drawn up we feel sure that every independent settler in the place will sign it. There are some things which must not be brought into the dominion of money- saving economy, "'and this is certainly use of them. It is interesting to note that the union, which has been sent to Adelaide, from our southern mica field is valued , for Customs purposes at £22 per J hundred weight. Dried fish, a local f)i'oducti<H), is valued at the rate of £20 per lion and trepang at £40 per ton. In the matter of dried fish in particular, we should imagine there would be a very tidy profit on the article at £20 per ton for persons fitted out to pursue the calling on a systematic basis! Northern Territory cattle to the number of 7578 were sent over the border into South Australia proper during the last few months. We are doubtless very near the mark in ascribing this new departure to the shifting of recently sold herds from our colony to runs in South Australia. The ss Changsha left Sydney on the 3rd instant for Port Darwin. Attention is directed to an. Athletic Club notice calling a meeting of members for next Wednesday. One of the objects of the meeting is to consider the prospects for a day's sport on the 9th November, ? hut before a date, is formally agreed upon we would like to point out that the Union Town sp wits are fixed for the 9th. It would be a. pity if we did anything that would have a bad effect on the up-country gathering. The vice of opium smoking is one that has been for many years engraft- ing its fascinations upon our aborigines, steadily but surely, and paragraphs have been published from time to time calling upon the responsible authorities to institute inquiries to ascertain just to what extent, the mania was taking hold of the blacks. This week has witnessed a very practical step in the right direction. On Wednesday the police raided some Chinese dens in Cavenagh street and discovered three aboriginal women all more or less the "worse. of opium. The trio of fallen sisters were taken to the lockup and reta i ned. for treatment as' seemed most. desirable. We are not aware of the "" existence of any written law-to prevent persons administering opium, any more than tobacco, tea, or coffee, to blacks, but we imagine that the Protector of Aborigines would find but little difficulty in choosing some wise course to create in the minds of his native subjects a wholesome dread of the. dens wherein many of them now too often spend their odd shillings and sixpences in pulls at the Chinaman's " soothing syrup." The ss Taiwan was to leave Hongkong yesterday. Mr. J. Cleland, having completed the repairs to his boat and fitted her out with a diving plant, has now joined the pearling brigade. He engaged a diver from Thursday island and was fortunate enough to secure a man who professes a capability to work in 22 or 23 fathoms. The proposal to embody the principle of selection before survey in the Crown Lands Bill now worrying its stages through the House of Assembly has been rejected, but the Bill, it must 'be remembered, is purely a South Australian measure. In the Northern Territory we have the advantage of selection before survey, and in a country like ours, where the gaol on alienated lands are patchy and far from the reach of a surveyor there is no doubt the rule is a convenient one and one that facilitates land settlement. Attempts have been made on many occasions to establish the principle in South Australia proper, but every effort has ended in failure. We note with something akin to regret that our senior member has been endeavoring to heap confusion on the brainy head of Sir Henry Parkes -is because the tricky old politician made j Use of the remark ((in his Federation , speech) that the sooner South Aus- j Irai ia got rid of the Northern Territory the better." The sentence reads there. A so we are really in- the dark as to whether Sir Henry meant that it would be better for South Australia or the Territory, Personally, we do not feel the least bit uncomfortable at the old legislative, warrior's temerity. He rather pressed a button that makes us smile, for separation from S.A. is a question that would be mooted to-morrow if there were sufficient white ~Mn<£*i left in the country to make a i'ejsj&ctiWe; show. It isn't separation "life troubles us at. all what Mr. Conlon ought to fear is the quiet consummation of South Australia's own little idea, to rob us of a huge slice of territory and then send us begging. There is some justification for the station that Mr. Solomon's new Mining Bill will include the anti-Chinese clauses which wrecked a measure introduced by him to the last Legislative iAssfwhly, Ringway RTiVF.NnE-.For week ended! . fettler fell -MM 