URDAY, SEPTEMBER HEEEJPJME. Br THE Ma* ABOUT Tovns, It's a teraUeihmg sometimes to be a representative of royalty. The Viceroy ot Ireland has . many consolations. He can kiss the youthful debutantes at his court, and if some be a trifle off color in the way of youth, they are proportionately grateful. Even the Viceroy of India can get away to the Hills, and the diversions of Simla are of an exciting, not to say spicy, order. But out in Australia a Governor has sometimes a sultry time of it. He has generally a large stock of orders on hand for opaungbufldiugB, bazaars, etc. He is expected to say something new about anything at the shortest notice, and to be widely interested in everything from ensilage to calisthenics or esoteric Baddhism. He has frequently to travel Jong distances -with members of Parliament! He hw a larger visiting book than any other citizen^ and, consequently, is more frequently bored. But the unkindest cut of all must be when he has to read what it costs to entertain ask the Governor to come to our show," wrote a Uorth-Westem Show Secretary the other day to the local member.' With his usual courtesy, the Governor was willing to go. " Is it eood enough r" wired back the cautious member, and then it was found that it would cost some thirty pounds to give the visitor a suitable reception. On tins followed discussion, and It was finally decided that, in the .present state of affairs, it "wasn't good enough-" Of course, the show, authorities axe quite right in being careful of the members' funds, but they might have left the Governor out of it until they had made up their minds. - It isn't customary to ask a man to dine with you, and then let him know what it costs you. Here s a paragraph from a leading London newspaper, the "Daily News ":—" On the occasion of a recent theatre party given by the hon. \V. A. Zeal, President of the "New South Wales Legislative Assembly, the whole of the stalls and dress circle of the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, was reserved for the guests, who included some prominent members of society as well as politicians." Snrely a paragraph this full of points! Bather sets the example in style for colonial -writers. If Mr Zeal had been made the President of the New South Wales Legislative Council it would not have been so bad. -But a Speaker usnally presides in the House to which the term Assembly is applied in apy Parliamentary system. Again, it is interesting to hear that " many prominent members of society were present, as well as politicians.'' The implied distinction between the former and the latter class in this remarkable paragraph suggests reflection of a far more serious character than those provoked by its appallingly mixed geogrgaphy. ^ ^ It is interesting to notice the amount of tender solicitude manifested with regard to Sir Henry Norman's unexpected appoint- ment. Now. if anyone is likely to be completely educned with regard to affairs Indian, it certainly should be a man who has spent the greatest part of his life in India in the dual capacity of soldier and diplomatist. . Vet certain aristocratic circles in England and India profess to be agitated lest the new Viceroy should not be capable of dealing firmly with such important questions as may arise. Had the Gladstone Government appointed to the undoubtedlydifficult office, say, the head of one of the noble families in England, with an experience limited to Downing street and St. James', would there have been such ^jejetyi-.J- trow not. .The..only .parallel which occurs to me at the moment is the picture of a number of elderly spinsters cautioning a successful bookmaker against risking his money on the turf, while thecallow youth passes by to plunge on a dead bird. There is a powerful flavor of hypocrisy and jealousy in the pitying, doubting-congratulations tendered to the gallant old soldier who, if his record be any criterion of his quality, should be well qualified to deal with the possible dangers whioh menaoe our Mian Empire. By the way, a Bresian paper has expressed an opinion on this subject which ought not to be wholly overlooked. » « « a f i n p The Metropolitan Board of Works ought to have painted a colored window, designed after the idea of the familiar Pears' Soap advertisement. One pane pught to represent the poet, philosopher, "financier, Fitz Gibbon stretching forth his hand to reach an inaocendble loan, and be marked with the legend He won't be happy till he gets it;" and the eeoond pane ought to represent the same dear old Fitz holding up the coveted prize, " Now he's got it 1" Of eonxse, Mr Fitz Gibbon would never consent to be painted naked, like the little boy in the picture, but that could be overcome, I dare say. Eveiyone is glad-he has got it. He deserved His interest in the sewerage question is so deep and real. And, by the way, it is not true, I am authorised to say, that the bard has written an epic poem, " To a Wain Sewer/' dedicated to Councillor H'Hahon. * * * There are some points about bang a ghost. Ghosts go where they like, haunt whom they please, don't pay any income-tax, are not worried about politics, do not have their money locked up in reconstructing banks, and don't even have rows about their washing bill, because the fluttering robes they wear never want washing. Better stall, if yon are a ghost, you have solemn, learned people excitingthemselves in the investigation of you. The study of ghosts is, in fact, one of the most absorbing pursuits on the cardB. MrW. T. Stead, with lus wonderfully shrewd eye for the business ode of things, has even established a spooky magazine called "'Borderlan4,'' a6out which every filing is to be ghostlyj except the profits. Laitof all, a numbe' of gentlemen in Melbourne, oompriBing~ilr Astzonomer Elleiy, Professr Laurie, Dr^yme,Dr Strong and Professor -M*Alpine, of the Government Botanist's department, have formed the nucleus of a Helbourne Psychical BesearchSociety, which is shortly to bep'ublicly fioated-'Xnndecstandthatitis to sit for the collection of evidence, like the Sweating Board (there is a shocking lot of "sweating 1 ' where the ghosts come from!) and ghosts are to be called as witnesses. I am eure and hope they will be successful. . At present I regard so-called "familiar pirits" as being considerably " under roof,"' bnt I have an ppen mind on the ubject. I trust. the Society "will give articular attention, to Australian native pooks, bunyips, «'an' toch." They have ever been properly investigated by psychical tudents,. and! there is no reason why an ^Australian lamyip shouldn't be as gooda^i, say;an Irish ban*hee,oranoldEngli8h' family «pectre. "In faot, if the native article" does not get jnstiM doiie, ! ahall, wijth the editor's permission, lose ' this cblumn for condncttngar agitation .in favor of taxing imported spirits ami piotectmg the Ideal article, and for havmp ^he fomnnyitamped, as ispropoge^^o be done -wi&.ChiTisnw,furniture.. So just let Alr Ellery and -PrpfeBaor. Idiurie look ontl - .. ., •' ... . • ..» ,.. •.. f, *•: „ - . ' Qe .evils sf -the opium habit, have they not been jtbld by thonmnds -of oratou and iwritem vho^-neverjmew -what lt waa. A De Qmncej is »>t.>fo«iia mi. <evwy street x^cner, nd.it is cot$Bsy to imitate his •* con' ^tag?* 'Of l&aloft;/rft u my p&n; to 1IIHH^I1IVI|1»I11I1[I>1IM MIS NIL INIIIIM^HFR^' peofleV^iYea. Ocomsfeitaly one • 23, 1893. indeed come across a hard case— a man, for instanoe, hale and hearty at eighty or ninety, who has smoked and chewed tobacco from boyhood. Onoe, too, I recollect, when in virtual quarantine, a woman of over eighty,who had volunteered aid to the sick when younger nurses were not to be obtained, sat down with me before the fire each evening, and we mingled our respective clouds of tobacco smoke. So far as I know, she is alive yet, and always enjoys her pipe. But what of a case just reported by Mr E. H. Parker, who has been writing to the English papers about the mines in Burmah. Mr Parker says :—" At the second mine there is an old Chinese patriarch; he is 75 years of age, and has been 40 years in' the country, smoking opium steadily Ml the time. He keepsa drug shop,.andseems to be veiy much respected in the neighborhood." No wonder. That man has earned a title to respect. One who MS wwie opium steadily for 40 ytara might fftirly be regarded as establishing a record in his own particular line. Hard cases are eaid to make bad laws. Unquestionably the case of that ancient Celestial plays the deuce with some cherished notions. * » * • "Some queer stories are afloat in the Eunnymede district," writes a correspondent, "with reference to the Jorgensen episode. Among others, it is rumored that a newly - maiiied lady intends to take divorce proceedings against her husband on the ground that on one occasion when she—the wife— was in ill- health he sleptin the same room as Miss Jorgensen." If the wives, of all the men who may have happened to occQpy the same room as Miss Jorgensen, during her career in masquerade, elect to take the same view as the lady alluded to, there will be trouble. 