NATIONAL PROTESTANT CONGRESS. Once more, tbrungh the gpod hand of God upon ns, we are permitted to write "SncoeBB. inl" aorofls the annual gathering q t the National Protestant Congress; When we realize that Bath is a oity, largely given' np to invalids, and that; to a great extent, it lends itself also, as a restful haven of retreat, to those to whom the evening time of life baa ; come, tbe attendance, even in respect of numbers, counts well, when compared with the Congresses of the paat. On more than one occasion it is' eBtifoated that there Were ' 1,200 people present, and the National Pro testant Congress (whioh as the late Sir Arthur Blackwood reminded as last year at Porte- month), began in " a day of small things " in London, little more than two yeare hence hab, already, like those mountain streams which issne from secret; hiddeh springs, become broad and deep ehongh to exercise a reotifyinf : inflaenoe which can be seen and felt, and whioh, as time goes on, may, eventually, and more powerfully than some now think, assist to move the wheels of onr national, religions and pelitioal life. Tbe remark of Mrs. Arbnthnqt (President of tbe " Women's ProteBtant Uuiion ") at the closing meeting on Tharsdsjr night, embodied my own personal feeling with regard to this Congress. "I am snre that the Lord will bless as;" she said, "for there has been snob a deeply spiritual tone abont the addresses given ; and snoh fall, recognition of, and olear setting forth of God's way of salvation." If onething more than another ooonrs to me, as having marked the Bath gathering, it has been this spiritual tone ; and perhaps tbe absence of aorimonionB personalities and of party bitterness is traceable to the faot so admirably laid down' in the basis for these Congresses, and plainly stated, by more than 'one speaker, that trne Protestantism Bprings from a lively faith in a personal Christ, and whioh dan only be realized by personal contaot with tne power of God the Holy Ghost. Wa resume onr record of the pro ceedings where onr correspondent's pen, necessarily, dropped them last week, at the close of Tuesday's meeting's. The breakfast, whibh gives a pleasant sooial element to this Congress, took plaoe on Wednesday morning, at'the Assembly Rooms, at nine o'clook. The brilliant sunshine, bo inspiriting after the wet and gloom of Tnee- day, doubtless had its effeot in providing a good mnater on the occasion. It WaB estima ted that there were 100 persons present, in cluded a good proportion of ladies., Break fast over, the company listened; with lively interest to senersl short addresBep ; whioh dealt principally with Romanised in its infla enoe abroad. We heard wiitb pleasure some interesting statements' from Paetehr Merle D'Aobigne on the advanoe of Protestant principles ; and be told ns of 7,000 converts from Roman Oatholioiem in Belgium, in connection with bis own Mission Ohuroh. Tbe Chairman, Captain the Hon. Hobart- Hampden, in a staunch ProteBtant addreBS, of the good old Covenanter's style, challenged tbOEe present as to bow long they would stand hv and Innk with nnnnnnarn nnnn tha axialinof condition of things : tbe tables of our ohurches turned into' "Altars'"; wafer bread instead of " the best and. parept wheat bread " ; the oiergy arrayed in Romi'sh garments, taking t.he falee position of the . Romish priest. Sorely we were not compelled to have onr religions feelings outraged in this fashion. He did not agree with the statement of one of the speakers of the previous evening that the question rested with the laity, he,, felt thqt to seonre an effectual remedy there mast be a combination of the oler'gy and the laity. The Rev. J; Fanstone, of Brazil, next spoke of Romanism as he had known it for fourteen years, while i preaching the Gospel in Sunth America. ; Amongst the bsnetnl influences ot this system, as seen there, was'tbe non-observance ! of tbe Sabbath ; the want of truthfulness, : the otter lack of respect for the name of God, as evidenced by snoh signs' over la shop door as " Corpus Dei " ; and the entire ignorance of tbe moat elementary fauts abont the Bible. A few words were spoken by the Rev. W. Patereon (of Edinburgh) in allusion to a simple Protestant catechism bronght ont by himself, whioh he thought might meet the need which had been expressed' for snoh a publication. At tbe close of the gathering the Rev. Warden Stnbbs rose to oall attention to the English Churchman, reoommending it as the organ of oomuinnication for distinctive Pro testant sentiment, a remark indorsed by the Rev. Dr. Potter, who said for his part he thought that those who did not take the English Churchman were "hardly np to date." 