Jlciiiino iNOtos. — h — ? (PltOM OUn OWtj OOIIIIKSPONDENT,) In tho moantlmo— iliat Is.durlng tho porlod raforreil to in myt last — whan our port and township wer^ scones of unparal leled notlvlty and ptMporlty, tho Sttnlmn Zcahnii rnllwny Una Was In course of con struction, tho completion of which would monn denth to nil hop; of progression, as fur as out connection with Zcehnn wns con cerned. It seemed td, us dwellers nt Trial Harbour, in thu slmploqess of our hearts, that our port having di-nq duty whon put to the test far more cllldiently than ever had boon expected or predicted, nnd under tro mondous disadvantages— whon it la remom bcred that no stops had ever been taken to improve the harbour in nuy way, so as to admit of perfectly snfo anchorage It seemed to our Innoceut hearts, I nay, that luul thu country's sloudur resources been hold in wlso hnnds, nnd no extravagant speculations re quiring lavish expenditure been undertaken, n few thousands might nave bom devoted to constructing u breakwater ornate pier, which wo conceived a comparatively easy job, con sidering wo have already a llrin foundation tor such a construction, In tho prc.Monce of a natural reef of flat surfaco, forming tho left boundary of the harbour, nud which rum out to n considerable distance In deep water. This would have inado our port, we thought, amply sufficient for all the needs of iSeehnn, provided the road hud been kupt in gooi working ordor, a task of far lens magnitude than wns represented. We wero also simple enough toniRiio that Ilcnilno lying between Corinnn and Zeohan, no other port would bo required on tho Wosti Const, lu tho hoped-for ovont of tho country in Ha future prosperity constructing u Una of rail from Wnrntnh to Zeohan, by which tlio rich mlnoml lands known to exist in nil thnt wido space might bo opened up, nnd at least fairly tested j and by which also tho mngnlflcont port of Emu liny would be accessible to us, nnd nil neces sity of costly oxpondituro on tho Maoquario Harbour ontronco— a necessity which still grimly exists, as ovuryoiw knows — would be obviated | whllo for all local needs, Trial Harbour would bo to tho foro. Poor silly soula we woro ! Our brlfht dreams melted into air— Into thin air— for, after months and months of dawdlcsomo nnvvying tho lany Strahan-Zeohan railway lino lived and moved— tho whlto elephant of tho West Coast. Sie trunnit i/lorin niumlil Down enmo stables, stores, dwelling-houses, warehouses, o'.o , at Romino. Horses which had rontna among the sandhills on IiIrIi days and holi days, to tho number of from thieo to four hundred, disappeared ; carters dlsporsed, tradesmen, departed j oven tho fluttering signal of the harbour mastur, which spoke volumes to the incoming ships, censed to appear on Its accustomed height, for tho har bour master himself was no more. No more tho chooful Bound of tho steamer's whistle eolioed among tho surrounding hills i tho musical olnng of tho blacksmiths busy ham mer, nnd tho voices of the noisy carters as they urged their willing steeds onward woro heard no more. Ves, Itainiua tho second «lmost gnvo up tho ghost. When lot on tho Jlceinsklrk platenu a Joyful voice gavo utterance that tin iu largo payable quantities had been discovered. This happened not many mouths ngo, nnd nt Iho tlmo when Hcohan wns lnugulsliinis in a Jtato of reaction after tho terribly ex igeoratcd tlmo of tha silver boom ; when people wero beginning to feel tho need of iomylhing now, nnd when, for many of them, facliun was for tho time being played out, Attention was now attracted to tlio old sites )f tin discoveries, nnd now, up to tho presont Jmo, work is beginning to bo enrried on In i systematic way, nnd there Is a steady ex mrt ot tin from our immediate vicinity, Mnny rich shows nro hold by fortunnto leckors. The West Cumborlnnd, lately held u^ u »u»i-iuiuwu ^uuiiau nrm, ennnged Hands for somo thousands to nn Kngllsh syndicate, who aro making nrrnngoments for tho placing of all neocBsnry appliances for the immediate working of tlio mine. It is stntod thnt be tween two nml throo hundred' men nro gain ing n livelihood on different parts of the Ileoinsklik Held, clthor ns hired lnborors or Independently, nnd wo havo gient hopes of a brilliant future, which is already shadowed forth by nreaont appearances i things only being hold in aboyanco nntll tho necessary arrangements of ranohlnory, etc, nro com pleted. Mnrch 18. 