THE BRITISH PRESS. (Br Ret. W. Gi.asson.) The proper discussion of this subject requires handling by one who has filled the position of managing or editing aewspapeis, or has written extensively for them. The two former positions I have been a complete stranger to. 1 ?annot make the same statement res pecting the last. In this, however, my efcperienee has not been extensive. As & matter of course, I have been a retulur of the Press all my life. But as this is a qualification which I have had in common with most other people, 1 can not claim that any great fitness grows out of it for my undertaking tho present task. I am quite sensible that it is an ambitious undertaking in any ono to attempt summing up the most striking i features of tho Press of any country, the office of whioh appears to be to givG information about, aud criticise every thing else. The Review of Revieivs is a name that I have never much liked, because of its claim to be eren as ' Lord of Lords.' But if the expression sets forth a purpose rather than a fact, we cin make up aar minds to toleiate it. I only proiess to givo my opinions about the Home Press. I do not say (for I cannot think) that they are worth very much. But such as they are, I freely gire them. In speaking of the Press, I must try to cover ground proper to the subject, which is neither too wide or too narrow. The ' mattsr seems to naturally divide into . tbe secular asid religious newspapers. All the descriptions of papers in the former connection cannot be given, which include amongst these, whose chief purpose is to be vehicles for ciicu lating news, such productions as the London Punch, and various illustrated periodicals, besides all the kind of paper* that are published simply for passing hours, which would otherwise be monotonous while travelling by train, such as Tit Bits, Questions and Answers, and a host of other productions having very extensive circulations, the name of which indicates their purpose to assist the reader in spsnding an hour, which he would otherwise scarcely know what to do with. But in addition to these, there are periodicals and magazines, which one scarcely knows how to classify, which, ia matter and in get up, ure oi an ampniuioua uiiaiautui. j. -tiu afraid that if I undertook to say what might be said by such a cuisoiy writer as myself upon all these branches, I should have to fill all the columns of your newspaper. I am compelled to make a selection out of a regard for the patience of my readers, as well as for my endurance in writing. It is, I suppose, to be said of tho Press in all places that the division of opinion and sentiments existing amongst newspapers answers to that existing amongst the people themselves, even as the sea's color answers to that of the sky, and its calm or disturbed surface to the wind. No party, political, religious, . or of any other kind, can get on without its newspaper. It may be difficult to say whether this variety of views in the neoDle. or in tho naners is most potent in invoking the other. Certain it is, however, that they are necessary to each other, and which is the more dependent would prove a difficult question to deter mine. In proportion to the number of . people, less newspapers are published at home than amongst us. This, perhaps, is to be accounted for by the greater f density of population there. Hence, while every country town here having a population of 500 or 1000 inhabitants, has its paper, and more frequently than not, two, towns that number four and fire thousand inhabitants in the older land do without any other newspaper than is circulated from still more densely populated centres. I visited, in parts of England, towns containing 10,000 inhabitants witheut any local paper. But besides this, I very much question whether the people there, as a whole, read newspaper literature to the extent that it is read here. The English dailies and bi-weeklies are more bulky in form, and contain more matter than those amongst us. It may be said with safety that setting aside the weekly and bi-weekly papers, the dailies pub ? lished in Plymouth serve for most of the counties in the west of England. Of course this goes to show the more numerous circulat on of those that are published. This again should lead to an improved quality — as it doubtless does in some respects. The quality of tho home papers may be spoken of in a general and in a spe cific way. As everyone must know, the matter of the leading newspapers in England is of a high order. It must be so- to givo them their hold upon such a people, in such a country. This applies to the great Liberal and Conservative organs. The get-up and tone of both must be of a superior type on the same principle that the material of fabrics must maintain its reputation of quality to secure the sale against competition in the market. How far the tone of other .papers is affected by that of the leading newspapers in any country is a question ) that may be discussed. But all acknow ledge that they are affected to some extent. 'Wo must expect to find the 1 likeness of the Times, Morning Post, ' tuiu o iaudanl l-uilccUxl in tlio duihe published in tho various parts of Eng land, and throughout Great Britain. These papers aro not dependent upon local suppoit, having a circulation throughout tho whole realm, and ex tending to tho_ colonies. But the very fact of their finding circulation every where casts the other publications moro upon local support, tho counter edect of which must bo felt. And it is percep tible in centres that 0110 would scarcely expect. It is to be seen iu the daily „C filncrrnw liirmingliam, and Edinburgh. Hence the modern tono of tho leading papers does not reclaim others that should be led in this regard from an intensely partisan spirit. Their tone too much resembles that of tho antago nistic jonrnals circulated in very small colonial towns. They have little good to say of each other. They have no cood to publish, but as much evil ns Vl. ___ ? .1.- ? J ? fl.n llioy can tuseovei, 01 mmgim;, ul uid other party. Their views are always expressed in colors that are strong and overdrawn. Their productions arc mental and moral daubs. I hopo my self that I am not going too far in saying this, but I wish I could honestly think there were not sufficient ground for it. I was in England at the time of the last election, when this must have been more discernible than ordinarily, j Perhaps it leads me to dwell upon this teature more uecuiecuy mail j. siiouju otherwise do, for which my readers will make due allowance. But I was heartily tired of the anathematising that went on amongst the papers of every section and party of those who did not sea things in their own particular light. For politi cally, as well as religiously, contentions are best helped to settlement by the spirit of moderation. At any rate, there is 110 use in perpetually shaking the political bottle, if we wish the elements in it, held in solution, to settle down. The stream must neither be too muddy nor too rapid in its movement, that we may see down into its depth and discern that which bestrews its bottom. Some of the epithets, with which tho Home Rule and Unionist papers saddled each other at the last electire eruption, were so extreme as to have a most puzzling and bewildering effect upon one who wished to have an independent grasp of the situation so as to discern at the actual condition of things. The localism of the general run of English papers was another feature that struck me. Our editors contrive to give us something of the news of the world. AVe are not so bound to Australia as to take no interest in the occurrences on the other side of the globe. Hence, besides cablegrams and brief notices, even our country newspapers come out occasionally with fairly interesting and instructive leading articles on British, American, and Continental politics. Therefore, going to the mother country we miss an outlook in the newspaper Press, taken as a whole, that custom has taught us to expect. It is something like the scenery in England. One misses there tho distant blue hills, or mountains, at the back of the green fields that would perfect their beauty, by imparting solemnity and grandeur to the view. Fanciful as this may seem, it is nevertheless true, that an almost complete parallel exists in ine matter of the daily Press at home, the great leading journals excepted. The proceedings of the Houses of Parliament and most conspicuous members form the staple of their contents. The periods that the Houses of Parliament are not sitting are called the ' Silly Season,' because then a dearth of news leads to peculiar correspondence, very much of which is not at all edifying. Amongst other things the question ' Whether marriage is a failure' is pretty certain to come to the front. The public are posted up respecting the whereabouts and most insignificant doings of public men. ? Readers will learn that Messrs. Gladstone and Morley met in tbe street, shook hands with each other, had five minutes conversation, after which the former entered a cab, and the latter went in the direction of a certain place ! The attention which the Liberal papers give to Mr. Gladstone almost amounts to worship, who is followed about, and whose movements are described with ?llmncjh crivmf.Pt' lvrrHpnlnrif.v nf riohnil than is done of the Queen herself. When any foreign news finds its way into their columns, it is usually conti nental. The colonies are pretty well ignored by scarcely ever having a pass ing notioe, and when that notice is given the matter of it is compressed into small compass. I saw 110 account in the papers having the most extensive circu lation through the West of England, of our present Premier's last visit to Eng land, which obtained for him his knight hood, and about whose proceedings there such lengthy accounts were wired to the colonies. I made it my business to endeavor to create an interest about our colonial affairs in the minds of cer tain editors, but without success. I was informed that there was no demand for information of that kind, and that their columns could scarcely find accommoda tion for tho Parliamentary and other intelligence of a moro local character awaiting. Finding what amounted to no thing more than nominal accounts about our colonies in such of the daily papers, as wero most accessible to me, I turned to the literature of magazines and reviews, und, with a single exception in this fieldj the only notices that I found of all our colonies put together came under the following heads: ' Australian Snakes,' ' Australian Sharks,' 'Australian Bushrangers,' and ' Australian Ghost Stories.' After this treat, I expected to find an article on ' Australian Blacks,' but in this ] was agreeably disappointed. The article on snakes rather amusod me by its des cription of their running powers. In mentioning these publications I have made one exception which I am glad to acknowledge. It is that published by the now celebrated Mr. Stead — The R eview of Reviews, mention of which was made at the cou-inieuc-i.-'-snt of this essay. The writer of that! publication is con scious that some imponanca is attached to our globe by the existence of a great southorn world. And whilo I cannot say that everything in Thi Ikoicvj of I uuoiJius pleases me, I am bound to say that it is rondering good service in help ing to cement the various parts of tho British Empiro by giving thorn due prominence in its pig- s. I trust it will have that lifo which its great merits warrant, seeing that it makes noble amends for other neglect. Tho day will come, however, when our interests wil Inivo fairer and fuller representation in the old laud. j I havo said nothing about the re i- ? ? ? mi ? ? 11-iiUUS pities. J-llU) 1UIM1 H which justice, or anything like justice, can only be done by separate treatment. I cannot promise to do this, and yet I may be tempted to do it at a future date, when leisure may enable me to give it a more mature consideration than I am now capable of. I wish, howevor, to state that I do not apply to them any of the strictures which havo been made in other directions. Tho religious oapers, for get up aud spirit, have im pressed me favorably pretiy well in an all-round sense. But thoy havo an ad vantage in their more numerous circula tion amongst a denser population tliau ours. 