GILDEROY AND THE GOAT. 'I had the meanest joke played on me over at Indianapolis the other day that a whiteman was ever called upon to endure,' said Frank Gilderoy, as he got ontside of a rectangular meal at the Lindell table d'hote. ' I had been wishing for some time past to become a mason. I had talked a great deal abont it, and my ambition became pretty well known to the travelling fraternity. About a dozen drummers were Sunday- iug at a hotel io the Honsier hub, and they put up a job on me that for breadth and depth of depravity stands without a parallel. ' Tom Gaioe8 — everybody knows Tom —lives in Indianapolis. He was selected to steer me against the game. He pretended to be way np in G in masonry, Graod Master Mortar Mixer, or somethiog or other of a small lodge in the city. Tom said tbat bis lodge met on the Monday night next, and that if I desired to become a member he wonld see me through and give me all the sixty-six degrees ; said the nsnal fee for goiog through the entire gamut was $200, but that busiuess was a trifle dull and they bad reduced the rate for the month of October, and I could go through a-flyiog for $50. Bit? Of course I bit and bit bard. No sucker ever made such hot haste to swallow a hook incased in red flannel. The rest of the gang pretended to leave town next day, but it was all a blind. ' Well, sir, next night Gaines steered me against the goat. I had an idea tbat the initiatory rite was a hair-riser, but had no conception of its true hor ror. I was ushered into a dimly lighted hall among goblins, ghosts and cbi- merae-dire. I was tied on the back of a large he-goat that bucked like a Mexi can mustang, and the whole gang of goblins chased my Pegasus over benches aud boxes for half an hour. Then j was plunged into a hogshead of ice water. After I had partially recovered I was stripped, stood on a pedestal and painted like a zebra. Suddenly the lights went out. The mystic brother hood chanted a lot of rot around me, the Grand Master Mortar Mixer lead ing the strophe aod the Grand Master Hod-carrier doing the antistrophe act. Then I was informed that I would be required to stand without moving for one hour as a test of my endurance. I was told that I was circled about with spear points, aud that to move meant urauu in large quantities, delivered suddenly. ' Then the Grand Master Ladder Holder commanded silence, and I pro- ceeded to endure. It was the longest hour I ever saw. It seemed to stretch out through all eternity and lap over the edge. I stood there from midnight until 5 o'clock. Theu daylight began to creep through the windows, and I found thai; I was alone. The Grand Master Mortar Mixer and his gang of fiendish Plutes had made a sneak, leaving me standing there in the cold, like Patience on a monument, with only red, white and blue stripes for covering. I bought a double-action revolver that carried a ball as big as a door-knob and started out to look for Tom Gaines, but learned tbat he had gone to Mexico for the winter. If he yearns to see his grandchildren playing about bis knee he had best stay there.' 