Pavr&isi;&ita; S5oy«HgS» (Joancil. AuoP.iei1 Stov/Ied-mifc Meeting. ?AMei'iMau Tiiorjfc ami 5&is; War -Cry. At the forlniRU'y meeting of llio P-uramnlta Botouj-Ii Council, huil on Monday night, '-^oro were prcseni : The Mayor (Mr. C. J. Byrnes) niifl Aldermen Taylor. Snundcrs,' Withers, Cox, 'Walters, Thorpe, Campbell mid Dixon. Tliomiiiuus 01 the las* miding were road and continued, when Alderman Thorpe roso with .a determined nirin and i!) a truculent lonfl said : Mr. Mayor. 1 now ri«c to continue the contest commenced some time ago between 'pi;; 'ami' oiock. 1 intend to keep en the contest unliM obtain justice nt yon hamls. I understand tlial I can move the 'adjournment of the Council at any titno durinfi tho mcetinp — tiihcr at tlionoui inciiccment of the procLedingj or nt tho end— ami I intend to avail tnjsclt of that opportunity. Now, Sir ? ' . Tho Ala) or ; I mu6l insist upon^ you moving a resolution and that betbro you speak to it. Alderman Thorpe: Oh ! very well your wor ship. Then 'I movo tho adjournment of tho council for tha purpose of {living .mo an opportunity of doaling with several grievances that- ? Tho Mayor : An? seconder ? Alderman Cox ; Yes, I'll second tho adjourn-' ment. Tb0 resolution was put and negatived. The Mayor : Tho usual business will now bo proceeded with. ' . . . Alderman Thorpe, excitedly; ? Certainly not Mr. Mayor. I shall permit no businoss to bo proceeded with until I havo had my. say -on this so.ind.ilou!.-, tyrannical system, that w malting tno Council tho laughing stool; of tho colony, I intend to ? . _ Tho Mayor to tho Council Clerk: Go on ?with thu business. , , Mr. AVibkham, in obodienco to tho orders of liia chief, mado a gallant attempt to roai tho correspondence, but Alderman Thorpe, who still rotainod possession of.tha floor, continued to harangue the aldermen and tho RaigRcnng audieuoj in such .stuntoiian tones that tno sweor. voiced AVickham hadn's tho ghost, of a chance of even hearing himself. Alderman Thorpe bellowod out his determination to Mock nil busiuess until ho had had 'his any. 'JMukono mistako about it your worship, roared tho Forrest Ward champion, 'I have taken legal udvioi about tho wholu matter and J. know what I am doin?. It is tho opinion of oue of tho leading barristors in Municipal Law in the colony that you hive no right to apply thojwg.intho EiHy tyraunio.il way younuvo boon dSinjr. I object to have such tyrannous treatment raotcd out to mo aud_ i intend that this arrogant style of crushing ireedom of speech aufl ajiion in this council shall be stoppod. Either it will bo stopped or .all busi ness will bo blocked, for I am determined that not, one strnko of business shall bo dono until 1 am allowed to ventilate matters that in justico to the ratepayers of the whole of the borough should La tborcuyhly understood by every one of. them. I know .your worship I can take you and your silly ruling on. this point, ot not allowing ?.peaking to u motion for abjonrnmenl to the Supremo Court, but I do not ieel justified in doing sons I would be using my own money to'-guiii i«s«co for tho ratepayers and .then .„*„„.,., !v«. whereas you would bo using my » nov ami that of other ratepayers to Wr, ii «r fair claims. ,N.. grosser i™ tyranny had over been perpetrated than that to -^orrSdihtC-voii.do.Jorand ,, rtiWed thoclork, thd tones of tno two ''i^feSndins as melodiously as a couple ot Mayor.' n™,,,, Thorue, 'no ono ' Nil VBIH.' 4 i . ? w --- * mssmm 'tEX}'' W''y™ «*'»,. Aldo.m,.,. ^SimmTl,™- Prf..l»J- ™''''' any Tonger like this.. I move tho adjourn ^dtnlsau^Vrs: rileecond.it. -MS^rJ^i=r«r ?ffi v^ or S he would not bo Inimbujrgod waauy Mayor, but would block all buuno-a 'nite^ttai- fiSi began to give out a Pfed^.^1-?^ ' ^Tho-basines sot down.for hearing was :- \- ' ? Motioxs. . ,X'bS^ «3r!eS^d .McArthur street, '£»!« become almost impassable and dangerous to tie lives of ^oso U6in« it^hl' C0UUC' U-\Q, .imnodUm Mops to doie -iho same against ' '^I'ue'rmaf^ylor 'to movo.'- 'That His ^y for ihVremoval of the cone. c.o wall in the P'S^u^ox;oincve)-'7hat.heMavor be hereby authorised to expend the sum ot £10 iromiho. General Aeeouai-ot ihu Borough in „„ ..oca ilie Bonihern end of lih..al.eth . me » m'.* to rwbto lot,ipuF8eoBe» lo.mnkc us' of Ufo footbriaise at ihe fool of Smith- street. VwJrif 3B1-' '^W' That all nso lniTons dViil liy-l««s with reference to .ho collec !ion or ra.es 'due to this Oouoci be rescinded mid the S'unc h hereby rescinded., V Alli-rman Tnvlor to move, — 'That His AVor ip tho M.Iyor be lospecilully requested ,o cnuiean advertisement to- appear in the o«ai newspapers lhat this Council »i I, Ihrouph Se W'de.y-ad distress now cx- linR-i...! ..* Borouub .receive lh» rntcs now due in halt ytarTOialmert., aceoriing to .he 104th clanse of ho .Munleipalliies' Act of 1SU7 ; the H.s halfWs turn to-be pnM.io this Council during1 tin: month o£ August. 