GERMAN FOLKLORE. It is fitting to begin the roll-oall of super stitions with one connected with the first of the year. The dreams -of New-year's Night, Hansfraus will tell you, invariably oome teue. A similar property is accorded lu uut> iirui. uiguii a urawa jlu a strange house ; that, it is said, is sure to eome true, no matter how preposterous and improbable it may appear to be. If the child in the oradle laughs in its sleep, the mother's heart is gladdened by the thought that angels are whispering to it. If a tempest is brewing, she shudders, and prays for the poor dis tracted soul that has just died by i« own hand. If a star falls, she sighs for those who loved the dead man or woman; and when scientists rejoice over the discovery of a new star, she only has tears for the be reaved mother whoso lost child the star represents. She checks the heedless girl who would rook the oradle empty, ignorant that thereby she rooks the baby's rest away. She watches heedfully lest the tears of the mourners should fall on the dead man in the coffin and make him restless in the grave ; and she chides the children who would eat off one plate, careless that by so doing they will beoome enemies for life. "When the sky darkens, she is wise enough to know a babe has been born that will be a scourge to itself and its.neighbors ; and she is heedful not to point upwards, less she should destroy the rainbow, or lay knives edge uppermost on the table — for they would out the angels' feet— or negleoi; to knook at the wine-oaEks when there is a death in the house, for such neglect would torn the good wine sour. She shuns the neighbor who spins on Saturday night, for ehe will walk after her death; and the neighbors wno sew on ounaay and on u-aod- Friday, for they will be struok by lightning. She mutters the Paternoster when she watohes a shooting-star ; crushes empty egg-shells lest witohea should get into them; and refrains from looking in the mirror at night lest the Prince of Darkness should glanoe over her shoulder. If she is born on a Sunday she can see ghosts, and is quite nntroubled by the gift. She is learned in weather-lore, and knows that rain on Sb. John's Day will ppoil the nuts ; that cold April gives bread and wine, that the moon's change on a Friday betokens storm ; and tbat wheat sown on St. M&urico;'s Day will be blighted. If ehe is curious to know what will happen during the year, she creeps into the winter oorn on Christmas Eve and hears the future re vealed. If she has many troubles, she wears a girdle of rang wort on St. John's Eve, and afterwards flings it into the fire, trusting that as it burns her griefs will wane and disappear. When the wind blows the long graBS about, she calls the children ahent her, lest they should stray away and oome upon the corn-wolf, whose stealthy passage makes the grass sway thus. She forbids them to pull the roBes, whioh are under the proteotion of Lauria, king of the dwarfs ; or to sleep under an elder-bush, or even to pluck its white flowers, lest they should offend the petulant Eider Mother. On winter nights, while she Bpins, sho tolls her lads and lasses of Holda, who sails her silver boat aoroBS the dark skies by night ; and of the moBS-womea whom tne Wild Huntsman pursues daring storms ; and of certain flowers whioh onoe were men and women : how the plantain was a girl deserted by her lover, who used to wait by the. wayside for him : how the maple was a village beauty who loved a soldier not wisely but too well, and was onrsed by her mother : how the camomile flowers were turbulent and rapacious soldiers, changed after death into this shape for their sins : how dead babies aseend to heaven orowned with strawberry flowers : and how crumbs < of rye-bread plao9d on the saddle of a tired horse wtfi remove hiafatfgtfe. 