Notes of tile "Week. Railway Revenue-For week ended June 10th-£233. The s.S. Darwin is due from Singa- pore about the 18th instant. *"*? *-' The s.S. Changsha arrived from Hongkong on Monday morning at 7 o'clock and left for southern ports a' few hours later. Mr. Samuel Dixon, one of the Sydney directors of the E. S. and A. C. Bank, was a passenger per s.S. Changsha for Sydney, returning from a holiday in Japan aud neighbouring countries. He has been well out of the financial whirlpool. Local aborigines are feeling much concerned as to whether or not the blacks now under sentence of death will be hanged in the gaol enclosure. They vote strongly agiinst such a thing, on superstitious grounds, aver- ing that if the hanging does take place within the precincts the ghosts of the strangled darkies will for ever appear to all and sundry aboriginals who afterwaids have to serve a time in durance. And the heart of the future offender is sorely troubled. The s.s Airlie left Hongkong on the / 10th instant. She is theièforë" due here about the 19th and should, be leaving'for southern «ports, «bout "Jtfje g 20th. * "* ~ K- v*~ | A Chinese named Gee Loong who on Wednesday last sentenced to six months imprisonment with hard labor for fowl stealing from a countryman named Ah Sang. Prisoner, who is a hardened sinner in this particular branch of crime, is also a bit of a humourist in his way. In order to acquire his felonious end, he carried . about with him a quantity of rice, and when he saw a gathering of "chookies" that appeared to be suffering from famine he threw theih some of this chow, and when the unsuspecting birds, began to tumble over one another for the grain Loong suddenly swooped down on them and nabbed as many as he wanted. The ofience for which he was sentenced this week was com mitted in broad daylight at 8 o'clock in the morning, and the result might have been different if the owner of the poultry had not been peacefully watch- ing the interesting coaxing act and seen prisoner carefully stow a couple of birds under his jacket. Gee Loong is a brilliant specimen of the felon who rather appreciates prison life with its abundant, if homely, "tucker." We have hopeful promise of a clean sheet for next Circuit Court, which should be called for some time in July. Up to the present there have been no committals since the last Circuit, and His Honor's gloves seem to be almost on his hands. One thing, however, may possibly interfere with this pretty little probability. There is a rumour to the effect that some blacks impli- cated in a murder in the Macarthur district have been captured, and are to be sent on to Palmerston for trial. No one seems to know anything for certain as to this, and anyhow, whether true or not, we are not too sure that the prisoners could be landed here in time for the next session. Per s.s. Changsha the Commercial Bank shipped two boxes gold contain- ing 4,924ozs, valued at £17,000. Another export was 33 bags of fish (dried) valued at £25. A good deal of prospecting for pearl- shell beds was performed within the last week or ten days by Mr. S. T_ Biown (in the steamer Maggie) and the Japanese divers in their luggers. A start was made in Bynoe Harbour,, and from here the boats went across ta the Vernons, and on the homeward journey the neighborhoods of Leo Point, Casuarinas, and East Point were given a rough trial. At all the places visited, what the miner would term " indications " were found ; that is to say, a few shells were picked up. But it remains for future operations to pio\e what those traces lead up to. The expedition will, we understand, make another similar voyage'of dis- covery at an earl jj date. We ha\e only to look at the results from any well regulated shelling ground to lie convinced that beds of shell are not so > magnificently easy to discern that a. diver may drop on one at his own sweet will and pleasure. They must be hunted for like gold, in deep and shallow "sinking," and as a rule at the ris»k of much capital. Says the Pinang Gazette, in an» article urging that, stricter measures should be taken with lepers on the. ground that leprosy is now admittedly contagious, to a greater or less extent 5 " One dangen,, from» these wretched people arises from their trying to pass, the disease on to others, in the supers stitious belief, that the horrible inflic- tion is transferable, and that, having; been communicated to another, the original sufferer becomes free front it. Under the inspiration of this; dreadful hope:; such individuals mix with their fellows as much as they can. They enter shops, gharries, jinrikishas, and other public conveyances, and coax, lift up, and caress children play- ing in the. streets. They frequent, bouses of ill-fame. Thry spit upon the street in the hope that someone may tread upon it with the naked foot-all in the expectation of being relieved of their malady at some one else's ex- pense." The notion "that the development of leprosy is due to a certain extent to au exclusive fish diet is upheld by no lesa an authority than the President of the Loudon Medical Society, who, how- ever, does not believe such a diet would originate the disease in a' healthy person. He has recently ex- hibited a patient who is recovering from leprosy through treatment with small doses of arsenic and abstinence from fish; the patches peculiar to leprosy have entirely disappeared, but the hands and feet of the patient were still insensitive to cold, heat, or pain: According toa late eastern exchange.. " strikes" are not likely to become fashionable within ."the boundaries of - the celestial Empire., Two months aga two ¿hundred ahd fifty carpenters employed at .Peking in restoring.the "Temple of» the-Propitious Year" struclrfor higher wages, an refused to work themselves, but de-, clined to allow anyone else to do so. The authorities promptly met tho difficulty by throwing every« roan into s prison. Another gang of carpenters engaged, undeterred by the "fate of their predecessors, also struck when the work was with a few days of com- pletion, and were straightway packed off to keep «ompany with the others. The Daly River Jesuit Mission has lately added to its holding by the purchase of a freehold of about 40Q acres from W. B. Brown, which ad- joins their own block. A big law-suit is likely to arise out of the leceiit' sinking of the Japanese, war ship Chishhna through collision, with a P. & O, steamer. The verdict at the Matine Board inquiry exoner- ated the English vessel from all blaine. The Jap mese Government is attempt- ing to upset this (to thptn) disagree- able decision, by bringing an action against the P. & O. Coy, for l\eavy damages. Hongkong is threatening to hold a grand iiHeuntion.il exhibition in the year 1895. A Roman Catholic clergyman, the Rev. Father Byron, was a through passenger per s.S. Changsha for Sydney. The gentleman comes now from Borneo where for ten years past he had de- voted his energies to missionary work, much to the detriment of his health, which he hopes to restore by means of a change. Father Byron is one of the offshoots from a missionary training college established in ^London by Cardinal Vaughan for the express purpose of filting students for life and work in the pagan-kingdoms of the world. The steamer Maggie left for the Daly River on Wednesday. India is likely to come into the front rank of the world's gold producers if the following may be taken as a fair sample of the character of its mines. At a meeting of shareholders in the Kundydroog 6.M. Coy, held in London on 29th March, the chairman said (here had been an increase during 1892 of 6,421 tons quartz crushed, and in gold obtaiued of 6,017 ozs. The total value of the gold won was £89,070, showing an increase of £28,564. The dividend payable for the year was 28| per cent. This profit was not considered quite satis- factory by the meeting, the 1891 dividend having been at the rate of 35 per cent. On the same date, at a meeting of the Mysore G.M. Coy, the chairman, in moving the adoption of the report, said the past year's work liad been conducted on an extended scale, and showed a decrease of 3s 3d per ton of quartz milled, which it was expected would be further lowered. The total value of gold obtained by the company since its formation amounted to £1,149,430, of which £602,156 had oeen paid in divideud«, bringing the total distribution out of profits to £3 13s on every £1 invested by share Itolders. At a meeting of the Ooregum G.M. Coy, held on the same date, the shareholders were treated to a state- ment of the sime happy character. The profit for the year amounted to £115,741 ; for the year 1893 they had" 55,000 'tons-.payabJe ore in sight as against only 20,000"the previous year ; the tailings .machinery hod been doubled and stamps increased from 50 to 70 head, and the operations had assumed such magnitude as to require the 'services of over 1700 men ;" in 1889 the cost of winning each ounce of gold was £2 13s, and this had been decreased year by year to £1 9s 9Jd in 1892\. With labour a drug in the market and wages at rates a little ultove stanation point, and destitute of amy conibinatkn to safeguard its interests, India, with such properties as the attove to work upon, should develop into a perfect paradise for the milting speculator. ïn reference to the London meeting of the shareholders and depositors of the E. S. and A, C. Bank, Mr. Maraun received a telegram on Tuesday noti- fying that the scheme of arrangement was almost unanimously adopted. Application has now to be made in the High Court of Chief Justice before the «natter «a« he regarded as settled. The display of gold which was placed on view at the Commercial Bank on Saturday last attracted quite a host of sight-seers. The exhibit represented parcels from the majority of the gold- fields of the Northern Territory, in addition to specimens of gold, silver, (tin and, copper ôearing ores, and'the \whole formed a most enticing,show, «one of the most striking features of which was a magnificent specimen of golden quartz from Mr. H. Roberts' Extended Union claim. A heap of retorted gold worth nearly £18,000 is a sight not frequently admitted ' to public gaze, and the opportunity pre. ?sented by the Commercial Bank authorities was therefore welcome to a great many persons who, unlike the bankers, have not had the pleasure of handling tons of the vile stuff. The gold is- now en route southwards. Tlie Catterthun arrived from the South late yesterday. The don shaft on the Jensen Com- pany's Elsinore claim lias just been christened the «'Dashwood." The return match between the cricket teams which played on the 24th May will take place on Tuesday next. The following have been picked (to do battle for the Outcasts :-F. E. Becker, Sabine, Mayhew, Stow, ,H. H. Adcock, Green, R. Pickford, Barnes, iSilva, Sims, and the Rev. Mr. Millikan, with Dobinson, Percy Freer, and Riddell as emergencies. The addition of Stow and Adcock to this team should materially strengthen the flatting, without decreasing the chances in respect to other branches of the game, but the Outcasts will go down again if their bowling is ' not an im- provement on that of last match. The veteran Brown has dropped out, and on this occasion Mr. Stow will captain the Outcasts. The Electric Eleven will lie Messrs. F. George, F. A. Price, Heaps, Tracey, Babington, Black, F. Goss, Bryant, Raymond, Gibson, and Macdonald. Play is to commence at li a.m. Number 3 of the 1893 serna of Pramatic Club "t>inoke socials" has been dated for Monday next, the J 9th instant. We hear that in consequence of tjie day after being a public holiday, the Committee propose to extend the programme of dances rather longir than usual. A suitable excuse for this, independent of the holiday question, may be found in the apparent in- sufficiency of the number of dances at the lost smoker. It was then pretty plearly demonstrated that a good pro- portion' of the ladies present were quite piepared to go on for another hour or ¿wo. How much the beaux who have to play in a cricket match next day will appreciate the addition is'another matter entirely ; but anyhow, in sm »11 p3nsiderations of this kind we must stretch a point in fa\or of women's rig»t§! Tuesday next is proclaimed a public holiday. The record mnil from London was landed the other day at Singapore, the actual time occupied in transit from Charing Cross, London, to the Post Office, Singapore, being nineteen days and fourteen hours, or quicker by a day and a half than on any previous occasion. The Prison authorities are to be complimented for the prompt attention given to the East Point road. The main track has been made perfectly clear and safe, and it is the intention of Mr. Noreock, when opportunity favors, to add to it the conveniences of safe turning points. Another useful improvement is the clearing and broadening of the bye-track > to the banyan tree, a most interesting spot for picnic purposes. A dramatic and musical concert is spoken of for a month ahead, but we are not yet in possession of the com- plete details. We hear, however, from a thoroughly reliable source that the entertainment will be in twq chapters, the first being devoted to songs (comic and otherwise) and instrumental music, and the second to nigger minstrelsy with a rousing finale. The talent already engaged includes the most of our No. 1 amateurs, but there is also the addition of more than one per- former not known to Palmerston audiences. By this entertainment Mr. R. G. S. Buckland (Superintendent of the B.A.T.) will renew his acquaintance with the Town Hall stage, and all who remember-and there are a few of us | left-the energy and ability which that gentleman threw into local theatricals in the good old days will grant at once that his return to the ranks of active workers should materially strengthen the proceedings of the Society. If it will assist the movement in any way wo are prepared to give a promise to " suspend " criticism until amateurs have assurance enough to stand it. Professionals rather look for it, and the stage is not the place for the Thespian who cannot endure being criticised. Bank suspensions appear to have gone out of fashion. We haven't had one for three weeks. Chicago Exposition is already looked upon as a financial failure. It was to be a record-breaker all round, but let us hope that its monetary deficit will not put all previous failures " in the pack." There is a quaint bit of humour in the announcement that the Australian Joint Stock Bank at Cargo, N.S.W., was stuck up and robbed. It is very exhilarating to find someone else doing the robbing, and after all it may turn out that the fellows only took what was their own in "suspension." Maybe they reckoned to exhaust nature by natural causes before they got their money out of reconstruction, and de- cided to go for it on a scheme of their own design, even at the risk of liberty and life. There should be a law passed to render the sticking-up of reconstruc- ted banks perfectly justifiable. Thi Downer Ministry has had even shorter shrift in the New Parliament than we anticipated, and it is almost laughable to think how easily the old crew were deposed by the new. We are told that the Hon C. C. Kingston, in moving the adjournment of the House, which is tantamount to a vote of no confidence, did not criticise in any way the past or future policy of the Ministry. He .had evidently laid his plans very carefully beforehand, and being assured tliat the vote would be with Mm lie played quickly up to the humour of the House without taking the responsibility of \\\n argu- ment. As a result he obtained a majority of two, and Sir Johu Downer thereupon threw up the sponge. It was a \ery sharp piece of work, and one that has the distinguishing feature of being without a parallel in the history of Australian politics. The Government organs condemn the Op- position and taunt Mr. Kingston with being a Premier-" bound over -to keep the peace." This last rebuke is a cut at him over the funny little duelling episode now so well known, but the imperturbable calm of the |ion. gentle- man is not likely to be seriously ruined by little squibs of that nature. The new Ministry should lie a powerful one and have a long life, if such a thing is possible in South Australia. A beautiful little scheme of re- trenchment is said to be working in connection with our Railway Depart- ment, which means, we are told, the discharge of five or six section gangers. 