@©a@g@I -Sasteaefa THE PALLID PUNTER. (Gr.G. in the Illustrated Sporting' and DramatiG News. I have seen him at all sorts of race meetings, big and litlle, rowdy and Tory, but I have never seen him without it — I mean his ghastly expression. We used to speculate amongst ourselves as to tho reason of his being thus afflicted, and whether it was his own fault or Borne one elae's, and if he had ever tried to give his features a tint leefe suggestive of the silent tomb. But, ho roaa nnt. a. man r-na nrmlrl talk to on such personal subjects, and consequently his extreme pallor continued to be his own Becret. Still we had our theories. He was known to have been engaged in hia early youth in the sweet stuff industry, and to have acquired a considerable local reputation for the piquancy of a peculiar ice- cream con fection, the Invention of his own daring brain. Now, our idea was, and still is — no other theory meeting with popular favour — that in the rashness of youth .he had partaken with too much abandon of his own product, which, according to his original intention, was marlo to be sold. not to be eaten,'; and he paid the penalty with the loss of personal luBtre. No matter if he won, or if he drank, it was all the same— Iimean his unnatural pale ness ; and it was a standing reproach to those of us who are unable to become convivial day by day without attaining a vivid alcoholic expression., especially about the nose. The rise and fall of the pallid punter were very interesting. ? Why such a sad visaged person — one eye, by the way, looked nowhere in particular and the other was loose in its movements — should ever have begun to bet and engage in the turmoil of the ring, iB more than I can tell because I don't know. But it ia supposed that the local taste for his sac charine speciality gradually died out, as the children of the neighbourhood became more solicitous as to the preservation of their mucous membrane ; and finding himself with a large stock on hand which he could not sell, he thought it prudent to cut the loss by eating it himself. Thence he appears to have acquired a distaste for commerce, and began to back hia fancy in half dollars, giving his win nings a chance when he was in form, and occasionally leaving it all down for the third coup. He did not look to be a good gambler, having indeed the general appearance of a recently whitewashed ghost, but he was so — that is a good gambler ; and thereby hangs this tale. The first investments of our pallid hero were consistently successful. Though he could not tell a race- horse from a prize bullock he wis shrewd enough to back recent winning form, and of course all his mammoth speculations were s.p. jobs, aa he could not afford the expense of going to the meetings. He kept backing winnerB and got on. Silver betting was no longer good enough, even with 'accumulations,' and he increased the magnitude of hia operations until he thought nothing of wagering in gold. He,also abandoned the s p. and the tape club business, believing that he could do better on the course, and f.hna Vio rlnvftlnnfid into the recnlar ?hnckfir who is scarcely sure of next week's nutri ment and has no idea where he will be next year— in gaol or out. But as he pros pered in the ring, our friend the pale face preserved his characteristic features, all aigna of colour still being absent and the swivel eye ever on the loose. At that time Archer was ia his prime, and when the pallid punter first attended the meetings the great jockey was show ing a marvellous average of wins. Many of the professional backers were getting a good living out of him, and in his bound less ambition the pallid punter resolved to do more— make a fortune. There is no doubt that he elaborated some sort of a system, but its keystone always was — Archer. He would never reveal his secret, and was so careful io. all his move ments that ho gave us no chance to find it out. No matter what Archer rode, whether a 6 to 4 on chance in a field of twenty, or 100 to 8 against with three runners, he was on it, and without mak ing any inquiries or showing the least anxiety as to the meritB of the animal in ! buestion, he awaited the result with oalm ness and confidence. Of course, if he lost, he did not, as the thrilling novelists say, 'palpably blanch,' that extraordinary feat being in his case impossible, but he took his reverses without a whimper and came up smiling for the next race. Steadily pursuing his system, never want ing tips or stable information, or any thing but 'Archer up,' he acquired in the course of two or three years a large sum of money variously estimated at from £10,000 to £20,000. Another curious characteristic of thffl peculiar person must here be placed on record. He was not apparently at all elated by his success. Seedy before It came to him, he was still seedy after its achievement, and, one adds with regret, he never looked to be quite clean. Money did not spoil him, and did not make him use more soap than he had previously been accustomed to. Hia personal habits were marked by extreme frugality in all things. After winning £2000 or £3000 in one day, he has been seen eating hia modest dinner at night in a Tottenham Court-road coffee-shop, thepiece de resis tance being a tough steak and chips, washed down with a pint of bitter, and sanctified by the donation of a penny to the waiter. The domestic circle, whither he repaired after gambling in thousands, waB on an equally modest scale, and his wife did all the work. I don't know if she knew that he had any money to speak of, but she certainly got none of it, and was glad to pick up a few shillings by casual employment. You will thus perceive that our punter belonged to the class of men who do not let their right hand know what their left hand doeth, and who do with both, handB everybody who does not keep them at arm's length. The history of successful backers of horses — and there are many who get a good living at the game— reveals the ourloua fact that thev hav« navav got enough, and believe that. It is just as easy to win £20,000 as £10,000, and easier to win £40,000 than half that sum, since the' initial difficulty of a want of capital to work with has been overcome. This is the cause, ia many cases, of their undoing. Their greed is their ruin. Their insatiable deBire for more leads to the possession of leas, or, ultimately perhaps, nothing, and their last state is worse than the firat. True, they began at zero and worked up, but, after a collapse, the second ascent ia not so eaay, and is, in fact, rarely accom plished. The pallid punter wanted too much, and he believed in Archer as his guiding star. That eminent jockey, however, at one tima had the misfortune to ride a large number of consecutive losers, and as his persistent follower had been play ing it up pretty stiffly on the getting back principle— a truly pernicious method of gambling which leads first to the public house and next to the workhouse— ho began to look, oh no, not blue, but a dirtier white than usual. No bank how ever strong could stand such a series of reverses, and the catastrophe occurred at a meeting in the Midlands. Archer was riding one of his customary red hot favourites in a five furlong sell ing race, the betting being six to four on him in a field of about a dozen. The pallid puncer was going nap. He Btood to win a very large stake indeed, and if the good thing had come ofl he would have been once again placed in a position of prosperity. But it was not to be. As usual Archer got well off, and after going about half the distance, lying oloae up with the leaders, he gave one of his keen, comprehensive glances at the others, so as to gauge the Btrength of the situation. We all remem ber his methods so well. How we used to like to see him juat take that quick glance round, sitting quite still, and time hia effort with mechanical precision : half a length, it might be, or a short head, but how admirably done ! In the race under notice, however, it was Archer that was done— alas, alas ! the hero of this veracious memoir. When the famous jockey made his effort he could go no faster ; in fact, his mount collapsed entirely in a few strides and was beaten even out of a place. I cannot tell you, not -eing a pictorial artist or even an 'impressionist' in colours or otherwise, how ghastly white that poor punter became after this severe body-blow had been administered, but he diBsappoared at once from the acene of hia f ormev triumphs; being content to take what is valgarly termed ' the knock ' and by some experts ' the puah,' and was not heard of In the racing world for a con siderable period. But a man who is thoroughly behind the. scenes aa regards almost all turf incidents gave me eome edifying sug gestions with reference fco the race which led to the catastropho above recorded. ' You know, of course,' he remarked, when we were talking over the affair, ' what the unfortunate backer said when he saw that Archer was hopelessly beaten, and could not get a gallop out of his horse.' I was obliged to express my ignorance as to the violence of any words he may have used during that trying period, but I remarked that something strong was excusable. ' Well,' replied my friend, 'all he Bald was this — and he shrieked it rather than said it : ' Stuffed, by God !' and he then quickly vanished from the scene, like the impenitent Welsher, and with about equal reason.' The ring, as we all know, are very clever and sure to beat ua in the end. They do not believe in systematic losses,' and it is probable that they were getting tired of the pallid punter. We etate nothing, of course, and do not even suggest anything, but there is no doubt that celebrity, when he used the word ' stuffed,' thought he knew something, and was of opinion that the red-hot; favourite had been specially ' ' ver- -lied ' for his delectation. It appaars to be easy to ao these tnmgs whan one nas plenty of money and can adopt the necessary measures to prevent being found out. Crime, of course, is not punished ; It is discovery which gets one i':io trouble. Even after this crushing revorae, with everything gone and. a bill of sale on the happy home, our speculative friend did not abandon himself entirely to despair. 'Try again ' was his motto, 'and try hard.' He also tried his friends. Amongst them a small syndicate was established, and he was again started on the warpath with a capital of £15, from which the investors naturally expected large profits. He had still perfect confidence in Archer, out taught by experience he moainea his system so as to nullify if possible the ruinous effect of a bad sequence of losers. Well, to make a long story short he again got some money and paid out the syndi cate, the individual members of which, although they were receiving about 500 per cent, interest, quarrelled as to the division of the spoil on the general ground that they ought to have more and were being defrauded. And then another sad thing happened ; poor Archer died ! After that the pallid punter did not know what to back, and \- could not get on at all. The basis of his Byatem was Archer, and when Archer was gone the system went ; and not only this one, we may add, but many othera, and many good men too. Onca more was this luckless speculator compelled to retire into obscurity, making his last journey home in an uncomfortable recumbent position under the seat; and it is note worthy that these repeated trials had the effect of intensifying his ghost-like hue. l-l j'\tit l-» e\ r*r\i' Tiief Ittti n/y a T^flHtiro **rt n i r. la impossible to tell ; no one knows _how or where such men do live, and all one knows is that they never work. There is something in the atmosphere of the turf world that is deleterious to steady industry, and its votaries consider labour undignified. Even theft is not so plebeian. The last time I had the pleasure of meeting my pale-faced friend he was. trying to hold a large cab horse outside Hurst Park racecourse, and was whiter than ever. He whispered, with much fragrance, that if I could see him two minutes before the third race he would have 'a real pinch' for me, and he suc ceeded in borrowing the sum of 2a 6d wherewith to have a dash on the mount of Thomas Loates, Esq. Police authorities both, in Spain and in England making every effort to capture the perpetrators of the Barcelona outrage. Owing to the state of uarest existing in ' various parts of India among; the Hindoos and Mahometans, steps will be taken to prevent any recurrence of the rioting and ? fighting. 