literature. UNDER THE SHADOW OF CRIME; OS THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUN RAVEN. By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of 'A Girl in a Thousand,' 'Sealed by a Boss,' ' By Fair Means,' &o.; Pabliihed by special arrangement with the author. Ail rights reserved. Chapter L — Without Delay. Clement Dunraven stood at the library window at Aboyne Court and tar as his eye could reach it rested on a vast panorama of fertile scenery,- sunlit as he saw it now, on a crisp October morning. He was a handsome stalwart young fellow, accustomed to be courted and flattered by women of hieh degree ; yet, thongh he was only twenty-eight, there were a few grey hairs appearing on each temple, which Lady Maroia Foliambesaid 'made him the more interest ing, since they must be the result of some secret, some mystery.' They were wild words, spoken at random, for she knew nought of his inner life, but it would almost seem as if she were right, bo grave an expression did his features bear as he stood gazing on the broad aores that lay around his uncle, Sir Louis Dunraven's, grand old house. A man's hand, dainty and white, with taper fingers, on one of which a diamond ring sparkled, rested on his shoulder. Iv was. his uncle's, but as Sir Lotus stood behind him he did not see the troubled anxious look on Clement's face. 'Yon will propose to-night, Clement. There most be no further delay. Sbelcves you and the girl'e feelings must not be played with, nor the opportunity lost. It puzzles me to conjecture why there is any hesitation. She is beautiful — that is a point on which every one agrees. She has a moderate fortune, and is moreover an earl's daughter. Besides, I wish it — I insist — and if you persist in re fusing to marry Lady Gertrude you shall never have one sixpence from me. Whereas if you please me in this you will be my heir. Follow your own way and that steady old cousin of yours, Pierce Vaughan, will inherit Aboyne Court. Fierce Vaughan, my sister's son, instead of Clement Dunraven, my brother's ; that will be the only difference ; very little to me since I shall be in my grave, but a good deal to you, I Bhould imagine. So you had better decide the matter at once and propose to Lady Gertrude to-night.' Sir Lonie' tone, thongh querulous, had a de cision about it which fully showed that he meant what he said. dement knew this full weU and it added considerably to his apparent misery. Oh i if he could only gain time. 'But why to-night. Uncle Louis? Why should I propose to- night ? There is no hurry. I do not Bay I will not marry Lady Gertrude, but I do not want to be rushed into matri mony.' Clement, as he uttered these words, rather rejected the touch of bis uncle's hand on bis shoulder, and turning round, faced him! A triton and a minnow were an apt simile for these two very dissimilar relations.' :' Clement was physically strong, but though he was no fool he was at the same time no Bcholar, only a pleasant, agreeable man of the world, who loved pleasure for pleasure's sake, and sport be3ause it gave him pleasure. Sir Louis, on the other hand, was diminu tive in stature and effeminate in the coloring of bis little pink and white pinched face, yet he possessed what he was pleased to call an intelleot. and had, moreover, an iron will, which those dependent on him. knew to their cost. He determination to see Clement married to Lady Gertrude Versohoyle was the outcome of this will, and he determined to disinherit him if he disobeyed. In his heart Sir Louis had a developed tenderness for Pierce Vaughan and a very undeveloped affection for Clement, but Clement was his natural heir in the male line — he must succeed him in the baronetcy. It was only just, then, that he ehould have the estates of which he was absolute master, the entail having been .cut off, and justice con quered affection in the little old man's logical mind, that is as long as Clement was his slave. Let him, however, offend him in one iota and bis chance would be lost for ever. Sir Louis sank into a seat after Clement's almost abrupt dismissal of his hand and began to answer bis question in the very high-pitched voice he invariably used when be was angry. It was evident that Sir Louis was losing his temper- ' There is hurry about the matter, because I wish you to be married quickly. I am gettincr old, Clement ; I am much older than people think, for I am well- preserved, thank God. If I die before you marry Lady Gertrude you will regret it, my boy — ay, re gret it to your dying hour — for my will is made conditionally on this marriage having taken place.' * Clement looked very grave and a dark cloud swept over his brow. Would he not more bitterly regret the mar riage than its non-fulfilment, he wondered. Bat he was wise enough not to speak his his thoughts and the old baronet went on — 'To-night, then, at Lady Maroia Fol jambe'e ball, I wish you to propose. That you will be accepted I know, for I have had more th=in one conversation with Lord Melbury on the subject and he telk me he does not think there is any danger of his daughter's refusing you. So for goodness sake do not let us have any more fuss about the matter. No more halting, Clement, or you will make me quite ill. I insist — I desire that you propoBe to Lady Gertrude to-night.' Clement did not answer at once, he looked so terribly troubled that it almost seemed as if his voice were not under his control. It was not until Sir Louis, speaking much more Ehrilly as he went on, cried out — ' To-night, Clement, d'ye hear, to-night,' that Clement roused himself from the stupor into which bis uncle's commands had thrown him. He looked at the old baronet and was startled by the appearance of his features. Contradiction had made him livid and his eyes looked so strange and bloodshot that Clement began to fear he would have a fit. He must be soothed at any price. 'To-night,' murmured the younger man. 'Yea, to-night I will apeak to Lady Ger trude.' The reaction from annoyance to pleasure was almost too much for Sir Louis, and for two or three minutes he sat gasping as though for breath. Yes, he was quite right; if this marriage was to take place during his life it must come about quickly. Clement saw this now for the first time and he turned pale at the thought. Sir Louis, however, did not perceive his emotion. Had be done so he would probably have attributed it to regret at seeing his dear uncle suffer. Far was it from Sir Louis so read between the lines with Lady Marcia Foljambe's quiok ness and decide that there was a mystery and a secret affecting Clement Dunraven's life. Yet even poor blind Sir Louis could soaroely have failed to see that there was something very much amiss had he seen Clement when, having assured himself that his uncle had re covered his equilibrium, he, some ten minutes later, strolled out into the grounds. ' To-night,' he repeated, ' to-night at Lady Foljambe's balL Great heaven! if only to night would never come. What can I do to avert tfciB climax f He looked at the placid waters of the lake which was one of the beauties of Aboyne Court. Yes, that would end the difficulty without a doubt ; but Clement loved life, he loved the good things of this world, and he could not make up his mind to tear himself . away from them. Had he not oone so it would have been easy to refuse this -marriage with Lady Gertrude Versohoyle and forego his heirship, but if he did this he would be penniless and to be penni less meant no more luxuries, no more indul gence in pleasant tempting vices, and this would be moat antagonistic to his pampered tastes. No ; he must find some way out of his pre sent dilemma without offending his uncle — but how— great powers 2— how ? What was to be done?' He had been a fool, a great fool, and he deserved to pay for his folly. . Yet it . was hard be ehould be called upon to marry this stately Lady Gertrude Vereohoyle, who was by no means ro his taste. He never for a moment considered Lady Gertrude as he surveyed the situation or what her position would be if he condescended to marry her, for very assuredly he would not render her life a bed of roses. He decided that she and her father, the earl, had induced Sir Louis to bring about this marriage, and by Jove, ehe should pay for it. But post-nuptial revenge would not do him much good. 'If only Bhe would die,' he muttered, so terrible was his strait, so bitter the hatred that he bore poor inoffensive Lady Gertrude, who was a charming, unselfish girl, with one fault, that she loved handsome, weak, halting Clement Dunraven. And he did not love her, had he done so she would have been a pieoe ot* perfection in his eyes, for she was a dainty morsel for which more than one- good fellow pined, Fierce Vaughan among the rest. But was Pierce Vaughan a good fellow? All that was a riddle which no one had as yet guessed to their satisfaction. Steady going and loyal to all outward appearance he was, more than one of his acquaintances said that he was bad to the core. Between the two cousins there was no love lost, but that proved nothing, since they were rivals in their uncle's favor. But though Sir Louis preferred Fierce Vaughan, there was no doubt that Clement was society's favorite. Clement in his frenzy — for the condition into which his uncle's determination had thrown him was little short of frenzy — had strolled into a little wood whioh lay to the right of the house. He had lighted a p'pe when he set out, but apparently had forgotten to smoke it, for it had gone out. His billycock hat was pushed baok off his brow, which aohed from the pressure on his brain ; his eyes, which were usually laughing and sunlit, looked wild, and two feverish spoas, which were not wont to find a place there, burnt on his bronzed cheeks. The sight of Clement Danraveh as he now was would have made his best friend tremble with fear and seek to penetrate the mystery which could thus have changed him from Ms better self. But he was alone, there were no prying eyes to peer into his secrets, he waB at liberty to give way to the despair that was making his life a burden, to fight his fate single-handed, for surely, surely there were some means by which he could escape from the doom that threatened him. None— with honor — was the conclusion at which he arrived after a long wrestling with the circumstances that hedged him in. Overwhelmed by this discovery, utterly prostrate under its weight, he cast himself down on the ground at the foot of a large tree and groaned aloud. Clement Dunraven was a man who had ever desired to act honorably, even nobly; it was more or less as a hero that he elected to pose — but the temptation to wander from the straightforward path was very strong, oc casionally bo strong that his weak nature oould not resist it. Would he do so now ? He dared not answer the question. He dared not consider what obedience to his uncle'e imperious dictates about this marriage would cost him. He leant against the tree, hot and weary from tbe mental conflict, until at. last the silence that reigned in the wood seemed to awe him and he staggered to his feet. What had he done that he fell) like a culprit trying to escape from some awtnl doom ? Nothing. What was he about to do? He shivered and an anguish sense of cold succeeded the feverish heat of the last hour. He must go and find someone to speak to, he could not bear to be any longer alone with his own thoughts. The sound of a human voice would dispel this awful nightmare. There were some gardeners mowing the lawn ; he could hear the click of the machine in the distance. He would go and talk to them, as ht- sometimes did, of their families and their homes. Poor devils, they had many a rough bit of road to get over in their lives, but their troubles were as nothing compared to that weight of misery that had descended on him like an avalanche. And with halting step, looking very much like, a man who had been drinking hard, he emerged from the wood and made a vigorous attempt to pull himself together. As he passed out into the sunshine which bathed the lawn and pleasure grounds lying around Aboyne Court a man came out of a sidewalk where he had been concealed by the shade of a tree and some luxuriant brushwood which grew around. He did not attempt to follow Clement Dunraven, but walked quickly and noiselessly towards the part of the wood he had just quitted. The new-comer was Pierce Vaughan. But was he a new-comer ? Had he not been an unseen witness of Clement's agony and thus made himself certain that there was— as he had .. more than . once suspected — a . secret mystery overshadowing his cousin 6 life. Pierce Vaughan was a barrister. His pro fession bad taught him to be careful, he had never said aught about his suspicions in regard to Clement. He did not intend to do so now, but he would watch nevertheless. 'Knowledge is power' was' one of the mottoes thatinled his seemingly well-regulated life, and to have a man's secret in your posses sion was, he thought, most advisable and use ful, especially when that man, as in the present instance, was his rival. Pierce Vaughan was not staying at Aboyne Court, but was on a visit to Lady Maria Foljambe, who had filled her house for the ball, for which she had issued invitations and which was to take place that evening. Brentwells, where the Foljambea lived, was about six miles from Sir Louis Dunraven's house, and Pierce Vaughan had walked over to see his uncle, little guessing the revelations about Clement on which he was going to stumble. As he strolled on, his head filled with the subject on which he had lately been en lightened, he passed the tree under which Clement had thrown himself in his desperate anguish. It wa? rather out of Pierce Vaughan's way to paps this tree if he were merely bent on going to the house to pay his visit to Sir Louis, but Pierce was endowed with certain detective pro clivities, and he thought it might perhaps be worth his while. He had not argued unwisely. At the foot of the tree there lay a pieoe of paper— a mere scrap. He picked it up and his eyes glistened as he read. Pierce Vaughan was by no means as good looking as his cousin, still he had bright, tell ing eyes, which at times seemed to read you through and through, 'Dearest Clem — Thanks for your darling note. I will meet you at the usual place on Tuesday at dusk. ' Your ever loving, ' Beta.' This was Wednesday, so the interview was over, the letter too was vague, hence the trysting- place might not be easy to find ; above all, who was Beta? A nickname Clement had bestowed on some village maid, no doubt. No ; Pierce did not think that this communication had anything to do with 'the' secret of his cousin's life. He pat the bit of paper in bis pocket, how ever, acting according to his usual principle that all knowledge was useful. Bud when he did so it was with the intention of handing it to Clem, accompanied by a few chaffing re marks. And having thus decided he went on up to the house, where he found his uncle jubilant over the intelligence that Clem had agreed to propose to Lady Gertrude Verschoyle. This information was scarcely agreeable to Pierce, since he had views in that quarter him self, but he pretended to be pleased, while he thought be was beginning to understand some thing of Clement's trouble and that after all it would be as well, perhaps, not to part with that bit of paper. About half an hour later Clement appeared, having recovered sufficiently to be able to assume his usual genial manner. Alter the fashion of Englishmen the two hailed each other with the words — ' How are you, old fellow?' And not even the most observant of on lookers would have predicted that the tussle between them would be savage and relentless, even if it were not foughs out to the very death. Chapter IL— A Shroud. Lady Gertrude Verschoyle's ball dress lay on the bed. It was a gauzy, delicate dress of silver tissue, trimmed with roses of the palest pink, and was one of La Ferriere's most artistic effects. Lady Gertrude was surveying it with an ex pression that was half pathetic, half plea surable. She was thinking of Clement Dun raven and of the ball that night, where she expected to meet him. Lady Gertrude was the proud daughter of a proud race, but notwithstanding her reputed haughtiness she had her weak spot. She loved Clement Dunraven — loved him passionately, madly, as strong natures only know how to love, and yet she knew full well that he had but a very mediocre affection for her, even if his feelings towards her amounted to anything beyond mere liking for a girl who had been a companion and neighbor from childhood. Let the world say what it would of her, there was no hardness on her face as she stood gazing at the lovely ball dress, its expression was intensely womanly. And very sweet Lady Gertrude looked, her dark eyes filled with tears as her whole being was stirred by the emotions that filled her souL Her little well-shaped head, ori which the fair hair was deftly curled, was poised a little on one side as though' the weight of her feelings was very heavy to bear. But certainly she was absolutely absorbed by them for she did not hear a light tread on the stairs, nor was she sensible of another pair otdark, sparkling eyes that were peeping in at her through .the half open door. After a second or two the new-comer, who was exceedingly vivacious by nature, could stand there quietly waiting no longer, pretty though the picture was that she was contem plating. 'Gertrude,' she cried, ' what is the matter with that dress that you are looking at it so sadly. One would think it was your shroud.' Lady Gertrude shivered, for the word jarred horribly, although she tried to look as though she did not mind. 'My shroud,' she said, bring herself to smile. ' What an ill-omened allusion, when I was looking forward to to-night's ball.' The girl who had just come in and who was Lady Gertrude's dearest friend, was sorry, as she often was, that she had said a tactless thing; but gay, dashing Elvira Delane had an evil habit of allowing her tongue to run away with her. Anxious, if possible, to expiate her carelessness she threw her arms around Lady Gertrude and kissed her affec tionately. No one knew better than Elvira what Lady Gertrude was thinking of as she gazed on the ball dress, and strange to relate Elvira was the only person interested in Gertrude who regretted that there was a chance of her for tunes being linked with those of Clement Dun raven. ' A shroud,' she thought, as she fondled her friend, 'ay, that dress may prove a shroud in more senses of the word than one, if my poor darling Gertie marries Clement Dun raven.' But she knew by experience that it was useless to expostulate. Lady Gertrude was far too much enamored of the handsome Clement to liBten to a word of reason, even when Elvira Delane dropped her usually ban tering manner and dipped her phrases in the cooling stream of wisdom. 'Elvie, dear, do yon think he will be there?' Certainly neither this question nor its tone encouraged any attempt at dissuasion, so Elvira answered ambiguously. ' If he has any sense he will come — that is, if he is not afraid of succumbing utterly to the fascinations of this bewitching garment and its wearer.' ' Oh, Elvie, you are always ohaffing. I do not believe that Clement loves me as— I love him.' ' My goodness ! if he loves you as much as yon love him you would set fire to the house between you,' laughed Elvira Delane. 'Oh, Elvie, how can you joke when I am so miserable !' ? ? 'My poor dear, I know it is a serious matter, but I cannot forego my fun. And you know you will never believe that I care for Mr. Pierce Vaughan and yet devoutly wish that both the cousins were drowned.' ' You don't care for him ; not you. If you did you could not talk like that.' 'You do not know me; not even Gerty can fathom the depths of my heart, or you would fully understand that I shall never make myself miserable for a man who is indifferent to me. Both these men think more about yon than they do about me ; bat then you are Lady Gertrude Versohoyle and I am only Miss Elvira Delane, although m; father is a millionaire.' 'You do not ascribe very flattering motives to either of them,' said Lady Gertrude a little tartly. - 'No. But then, you know, I have nob a very high opinion of any man, though I ad mire Pierce Vaughan for his seriousness and his talents.' ' Do you think he will propose to-night ?' asked Lady Gertrude grimly. 'Who in heaven's name — not Pierce Vaughan, I am not prepared for that.' 'No — no. I mean Clement.' Miss Delane shrugged her shoulders. It was on her lipe to say 'God forbid!' but she re frained and merely muttered something about its being impossible to anticipate any man's actions. Then she crossed the room and looked out of the window. ' I must be off,' said she hurriedly, 'there is Joujou fretting himself into a froth, and old Simpson looking as if he will be grumpy all the way home.' ' Well, if you are not the elave of your lover you are of your groom,' said Lady Gertrude a little disdainfully. ' Why has not Joujou been taken round to the stable?' ' Because I must go, love. I only came for the white flowers, but I felt I could not depart without one peep at you. Ta-ta, beloved — till to-night. Be jolly and do not despair until he has seen you in that gown. If La Ferriere's last isn't too much for him then Gerty mia never think of him again.' Lady Gertrude went downstairs and saw her friend off, herself driving Joujou in a high dog-cart, Simpson perched beside her and look ing glum at bavins to wait. After Elvira Delane's departure there was no further contemplation of the ball dress. Lady Gertrude set to work at some painting and tried not to think of Clement. Elvira was always as a breath of ozone to Gertrude and whenever she saw her mind very much relaxed on the subject of Clement and recovered some of its tone. Thanks then to this happy intervention, the hours of the day preceding the muchlooked for ball passed with a fleetness Lady Gertrude had by no means looked for when she got up in the morning. At last ehe was arrayed in her robe of silver sheen, which with its feetal beauty looked very little like a shroud. She gave her mother, who was an invalid, and never went out in the evening, a farewell kiss, and then, accompanied by her father, the earl, started for Brenfcwella. Dancing had already commended and the room was tolerably full when Lord Melbury and his daughter entered. Several men pressed forward to ask for the honor of a dance, among them Pierce Vaughan, but there was no sign of Clement Dunraven. Lady Gertrude's spirit, which had been very buoyant with hope during the drive, fell con siderably. Could it be possible that he was net coming ; then all her hopes of happiness for that even ing would end in disappointment. There was Sir Louis! He never went to balls. Why had he come to-night? It was very strange. She would go and speak to him. It 'would be only polite to an old man who was her father's friend. She dared not ask him for news of Clement, but perhaps he would tell her what had happened to cause his absence. Lady Gertrude managed to get one of her partners to stop in the valse close to Sir Louis, making it thus perfectly natural tbatshe should hold out her hand to him. 'Have you seen Clement?' asked the old gentleman a little anxiously. She shook her head. For the moment she felt too nervous to speak. ' He left home to dine with a friend who is staying at the King's Head in ColeshiU for this ball. Ha said he would meet me here at ten — now it is nearly eleven.' ' Punctuality is not a common virtue with men when they are dining,' said Lady Ger trude, greatly relieved to find that this was all the reaBon. ' Ah, there he is,' she exclaimed after a short pause, as she suddenly saw Clement standing by the entrance door. Turning to her partner she waltzed away thus to conceal the agitation which overcame her when she beoame aware that the man who was eo much to her had suddenly put in an appearance. The first individual to whom Clement spoke after he had paid his devoirs to Lady Marcia was his uncle. 'lam late,' he said, 'but if you knew the cause you would not blame me.' ' Hah !' answered the old man pettishly, 'you have always some trifling excuse. To night's proposal is the first consideration in the world — for you !' Thus snubbed, Clement did not make any confidences, always supposing he had had the intention of doing so. He only bent his head and walked away with an expression on his face that scarcely proclaimed a happy lover. He made the circuit of the room with a measured tread, bowed to several acquain tances as he passed them, and finally found himself at the side of Lady Gertrude Ver eehoyle, who blushed scarlet as she gave him her hand, much to the annoyance of Pierce Vaughan, whose dance was just about to begin. For another quarter of an hour until that galop was ended Gltment must wait, then she would give him the next dance. It was free, perhaps she had been keeping it for him — it was the supper valse. Pierce Vaughan scarcely had a fascinating or interesting partner, for Lady Gertrude did not appear to understand what he was saying, and answered him eo vaguely and wildly that he could have imagined that she had suddenly gone demented, had- he not had more than a suspicion that the coming of Clement Dan* raven was accountable for her pre-ocoupation. And because of the love Lady Gertrude bore him, Pierce bated his cousin with a fierce and bitter hatred, and rejoiced over the finding of tbe piece of paper signed by Beta that had lain under the old tree in the wood. At last the ordeal of this danoe, which gave pleasure to neither, was over and Lady Ger trude's tiny, well- gloved hand was quivering with excitement as it rested on Clement Dun raven's arm. If he had loved her his whole frame must have vibrated with the emotion under which she was laboring. But though loving words were on his lips, and from long practice in a wooer's arc his eyes told passion's tale, yet Clement Dunraven's heart was un moved. Had she cared for him less, or been more accustomed to be wooed, she would not have failed to discover this, while as it was she was in the seventh heaven of rapture. ' How beautiful you are,' he said, looking into her eyes. ' I have always thought so, but to-night — to-night you surpass yourself. That cown suits you to perfection.' ' Is it not rude to make remarks on personal appearance?' she answered, laughing and try ing to appear thoroughly at her ease. ' You would not think it rude if you knew my motives,' he replied so seriously that she waa staggered, but still she made an effort at banter. ' That won't do,' she said ; ' motives are such horribly vague things and cover so many shortcomings.' ' Is it a shortcoming to admire yon despe rately and to — love you?' he asked. The last word came out with a casp which gave it an emotional point for which his inmost feelings were in no way responsible. Lady Gertruae looked down now and did not attempt to speak. So the dress had done its work, yet Elvira Delane had called it a shroud. There was silence fora Becond or two ; she waa battling with her feelings, trying to still her throbbing heart. He — well, it were better perhaps to throw a veil over what he really felt. What he said when with a mighty effort he compelled himself was — ' Will you bo my wife ?' She did not speak at once, she was too happy to give her pleasure words, bub at last a f aiat 'Yes' came from her pretty pouting lips, and she raised her eves to his face to meet such a. look of sadness in his that she shrank before his gaze. 'Oh, wny do you look so Badly at me?' she asked. 'Did Hook sad? Do not be frightened ; I was only wondering whether I was worthy of you— whether you would be really happy if you shared my lot.' ' I am not afraid.' 'No, dear Lady Gertrude, you are very brave; yet you do not know me.' ' Not know you, Mr. Dnnraven ; it seems I have known you all my life.'- 'Does a woman ever know the inner life of any man V She laughed. ? 'I have enough belief in you not to be afraid of your inner life.'. ' You will take me on faith .and marry me without investigation ?' ''Yon are only teasing me ; I don't believe there is anything to investigate. One would think you were a murderer or forger to hear you talk, and if you were — *?' 'If I were?' 'Well— it would be very difficult for me to hate you.' 'Thanks.' Then again there was a short silence. He had given her a loophole for escape, but she had only rushed blindly on her fate. If she had refused the proposed marriage Sir Louis would not' have blamed him, but she accepted, so he must smile on her and try to look the happiness she was feeling. They had never thought of dancing and were sitting by this time in a small boudoir whioh waa next to the supper-room. One or two people peeped in at the door and went away smiling, but no one ventured to in trude. They were virtually alone, or at all events believed themselves to be so. Clement Dunraven had always been con sidered an adept in the art of love-making, but to-nigbt he felt as shy and unequal to the occasion as though he were the veriest tyro. He could not, however, retreat now since he had asked her to marry him and she had ac cepted bis proposal. His wife! Merciful heavens, was it possible that he had asked Lady Gertrude Veraehoyle to be his wife ? Ay, it was absolutely -true, for he stole his arm round her slight waist and drawing her close to him he imprinted a lingering kiss on the full red lips and she did nut resist him, as she assuredly would have done had she not felt that she was his very own. That kiss seemed to revive some of the slumbering passion in Clement's deadened heart, and he awoke to a sense of how beautiful Lady Gertrude really was. ''You are too good for me, my darling,' he said with more fervor than he had as yet shown ; 'how lovely you are, too angelically lovely for a mere mortal like myself. The whole of England will eay I am the luckiest dog in the country to have won a being bo fair as you are.' And the arm round her tightened until she felt she was in a vice. ' And I the luckiest woman to have won the love of the popular Clement Dunraven,' she replied, laughing and trying to fres herself from his olasp. He loosed her somewhat, seeing she was a little distressed. '? I must* not frighten my birdie.' he whis pered a little apologetically, 'but you should not be so beautiful, my sweet Gertrude.' She blushed and looked up at him with shy, sweet eyes. 'Then you do love me, Clement? Don't talk to me about myself, but about your love. Is it really true and fast, will it endure for all our lives? You will never neglect me or grow cold tome as some meailo to tbeir wives?' A dark expression came over Clement Dun raven's faoe like a cloud. But before he could anHwer she went on — ' Ah, I have offended- you. I was wrong ; I should not have doubted your loyalty and good faith. Forgive me.' 'Sweet one, who could be false to you? The man who could make you suffer is a brute.' 'You will never : cause me suffering, Clement. Yes, I know it full well ; you will shield me from'danger and suffering.' ' Ay, will I, dearest; -.m the fullest extent of my power. If unbappiness comes to you through me -it will be through my misfortune and not nay fault.' ? She laid her hand in bis. ' I believe you,' Bhe said, 'and I will trust you always, because I know that you love me. Tell me that you love me.' ' I love you — yes — I love you,'' he repeated, but there was but little romance in his voice. ' That did not trouble her, however ; she was as happy as the birds- in spring. Clement Dunraven, her girlish ideal, was to be her husband, her own, her very own. Lord Melbury would be pleased, Sir Louis would be pleased, bet none of them as pleased as she herself, she thought, as she sat there close do Clement's side dreaming rather than talking oE her future happiness. Hours of the intensest pleasure end at last, however. Two men interested in a knotty point at whist began to argue the matter out at the door of the boudoir ; another moment and they would probably come in to exemplify their meaning by the help of some cards which lay on the table. One more hurried fervent kiss and the newly-betrothed lovers started to their feet and prepared to join the throng in the larger room. To do so they had to pass the boudoir window, which was open. For a second they stood inhaling the fresh air and looking out into the Btarry night. Neither of them, how ever, saw a pair of lustrous eyes, whioh were shining through the foliage of an .adjacent shrub. Had they done so what changed issues might not their lives have known ! But they passed on to their fate, and the owner of those dark splendid orbs passed on too, into the silent night equally to meet her fate, whether a darker or lighter one than Lady Gertrude's, who shall say ? For the moment Lady Gertrude's star seemed to be in the asoendant, for was she not Clement Dunraven's premised wife ? As she had predicted, Lord Melbury smiled his gratified assent and Sir Louis was so delighted he could soarcely keep his feelings under control. 'You have done well, my boy, splendidly well,' he said, patting Clement on the shoulder. ' A thousand a year and the run of Aboyne Court, that is what you shall have as long as I am above the sod and after that you will be the master. It won't belong, Clement, it won't be long.' It was in order to be master of Aboyne Court and its income that Clement had con sented to ask Lady Gertrude to be his wife, yet it was scarcely a feeling of joy that rose in his heart when he knew that he had won the trick. While the fiances were standing talking to Sir Louis Pierce Vaughan came up with Miss Elvira Delane. They had just been dancing together. Elvira took in the situation at a glance, and whispered to Lady Gertrude, 'How does a woman feel when she has won ? You shall give me your experiences to-morrow. When I have heard them £ shall either congratulate or condole.' Pierce Vaughan said nothing, but he was not therefore ignorant as to what had happened ; on the contrary, he knew too well for his pleasure, and beneath his calm inexpressive demeanor there lay buried a fund of jealousy, revenge, and hatred of which neither his uncle nor Clement could fail one day to feel the force, and from whioh dainty Lady Gertrude herself would suffer more or less. There was no doubt that a tree had been planted that night which would be productive of much fruit. Whati matter to Sir Louis, who rubbed his hands and chuckled over his work, if the berries to be culled from it here after would be often nauseous and even deadly to the taste. Pierce Vaugban, at odds with life, since he saw no chance of obtaining either Lady Gertrude's hand or the inheritance he had more than half expeobed might be his, was the first to leave the ball. Marriages have ere now been hindered. He would cool his fevered brain, he thought, by walking about the grounds that surrounded the house. As he strode along he felt as if being pur sued by a footstep. Pierce Vaughan was no believer in ghosts, yet he was desperately in clined to think that there was one near him at that moment. He walked on rapidly to the edge of a little wood, in which he could see nothing for the foliage. Just as he reached it the moon came out from behind a cloud and suddenly and unexpectedly he and his pursuer saw eaoh other as in full day. She was a woman clad in a long black cloak, whioh concealed her form, but her face he could never forget — if he ever met her again he should know her. He had no time to make acquaintance then ; as suddenly as she appeared she departed, and ghost or reality, he saw her no more. (To be continued.) We have received the Australian edition of Review of Reviews for November, whioh has as a frontespiece an excellent photograph of the Hon. MoKenzie Bowell, Canadian Minister of Trade and Commerce, who recently visited Adelaide. The contents are as varied and interesting ab usual. 