MY MAD TENANT. I am rather of an eccentric turn of mind—at least, so all my friends say, and perhaps they are correct. When I say I am eccentric, I do not mean that ' I dress in peculiarly cur clothes, let my hair fall on my shoulders, in matted locks, or show an aversion to soap and water. On the contrary, I don't think you will find a more ,tidy old bachelor in dress and person than myself anywhere. My eccentricity is shown in an inordinate love of the mysterious. As a boy I ruined my eyesight by reading terrible tragedies, horrible histories, hideous homicides, and strange stories. These I would repeat to my nurse Janet Gruesome, a plain and simple — I might say a very plain and simple — country girl holding her by my bedside of a night, shivering with cold and terror as she listened. Life was full of misfortune to me until I was turned forty, when a mysterious uncle of mine, who had left England, whilst .I was still a baby, died m Australia, and left me the sole heir to his vast wealth. I instantly settled with my creditors, and taking my " nurse " and my romances, started for the country, determined to wandtr about and seek for the marvellous. One day I came across a vast gloomy mansion that exactly suited my fancy. It was 3 weird and ghostly building, with whispering voices m its ivy-clad walls, doors that opened directly they were shut, and shut directly they were opened ; long corridors lighted by narrow windows let into recesses, so that on moonlight nights the shadows of tall trees out- side took spectral shapes, and seemed pointing with bony fingers to spots where deeds of violence had been done ; whilst the withered branches tapped eagerly against the window panes as if they were houseless ghosts wish ing to take up their abode in the mysterious mansion. I was delighted, and determined, to take it at once. The agent was soon found And tbG terms were agreed upon ; but there was one clause in the lease which I did not like— it was even too mysterious to please me By it the superior landlord, Mr. Baleombe, held all rights over one room on the first floor, a small chamber, the shutters and doors of which were close and securely fastened- jf inquired the reason of this, but the agent coulu give me no positive information. .lie believed the room contained the family papers and portraits, and that Mr. Baleombe had locked them up there for security. "But," said i "it is so mysterious to have a sort of Bluebeard Chamber in your bouse." "I quite agree with you sir," replied the agent, "and told Mr. Baleombe so; but he is a strange man, and will have his own way. It s nearly twenty years now since that room was locked up. At first it made a great noise in the village, and strange stories were circulated ; but that soon died out, and except telling these stories at Christmas-time, or when a stranger asks for theni, liiey are never heard, Sometimes people come for a p-.— '- in (Ire v.v « v ..iei. and go to see the haL.-.Lt. ause at they call it, but 1 never let them in. J never heard it was reallv haunted. " ' VYt: agreed eventually as to terms, and in a couple of weeks Ljarrived from London, bring ing with me Janet Gruesome, two maid servants, and some fine old plate aud jewellery my ttncle had left me. It was a dreary night when I arrived at the " Yews" as my new abode was called. But I was happy enough. A cheery fire was lighted in the oak-panelled room, and while the servants prepared my supper I unpacked the plate, and arranged it on the sideboard to make the place look brighter. When I had done this and finished my supper, I drew an arm-chair, to the fire, mixed a stiff glass ot something warm, lit my meerschaum pipe, and commenced reading one my most favourite tales of terror and imagination. I had just teached the most thrilling .situation, when the parlour door was thrown violently open, and Janet Gruesome rushed into the room. "Master!" she whispered, in trembling tones, " the secret toorn is open, and its's coming "lit " "It's coming out?' I cried. "What is coming out ?" "The ghost, master! it's coming down stairs a-following of me." "Then shut the door, ycu idiot !" I exclaimed, for to tell the truth I never felt less inclined to seek a ghost in my life. " And bolt it !" She turned to obey my orders, but was too late, for at that very moment a venerable white-haired old gentleman, clad in a velvet dressing gown and scarlet slippers, entered the room. "I beg your pardon," he said rather nervously. " I hope I did not disturb you. I was not aware you haunted to-night. I believe you are fresh ghosts or" — here he I lowered his voice — " are you ghosts in embryo ?" " Sir," I exclaimed, " you must know that this house is mine." " Indeed ; "said the creature, sitting down in my arm-chair and drinking my grog; has my cousin Tom let it to you, or are you a Baleombe?" " I am not a Baleombe," T cried impatiently for I knew now he could not be a ghost — spectres den't drink spirits, " still this house is mine ; from the chimney pots to the cellars, all " " But one room," interrupted my mysterious guest ; " That Tom could not — would not — let. You would not have been happy had he done so. I keep the ghosts in there. Some times one or two escape, and then I come out to hunt for them. I thought you were ghosts —stray ones, you know — at first. I'll take a little more brandy and water. That room is cold, and ghosts are dull fellows at best ; they arc never lively. Come, my dear sir, sit down and be cheerful." Man or ghost, the creature evidently knew the art of making himself at- home. He mixed some more brandy and water, then took up my pipe, lit it, and commenced smok- ing. " Janet !" I whispered, " He is not a ghost ; he. is a madman." " Madman !" cried the thing, looking up suddenly for his cars were evidently as sharp as his eyes. " Madman ! why, thai is what cousin Torn used to call me, but he was wrong. T was mad when I had fierce passions and tried to strangle him : but then the change came, and i was light, ethereal— a spirit, 'lorn iiu and knowing that I talked to the j-hoitr. of orr ances.sors, gave me a room lo collect them in. That's the room. Get vs some more glasses." lie continued, turning lo Janet, " more glasses and pipes ; we will be merrv." " He is mad," I whispered. " Do as he bids you 1" we must honour him. But make haste back Janet." " Come ! that looks well," he cried, when we all had some hot grog and I was smoking. " Your health, Mr I beg pardon what name?" " Judberry, siri," I rejilied sternly, "Jud- berry." "Judberry. Judberry?" he muttered absently ; " I don't know the name. Perhaps he is a butler." " No, sir," I exclaimed, swelling with indignation. " I am not a butler. This house is mine, sir ; the brandy you are drinking is mine, sir; and the pipe you are smoking is mine sir." " All of them very nice, too, Mr. Judberry, I am sure," he answered, calmly puffing out his smoke, and closing his bright eyes in luxurious enjoyment ; " very nice indeed So you are Judberry ? I am Briareus Baleombe. You know me, of course?" " I can't say I do, sir. To tell you the truth, I never saw or heard of you until now — and," I added to myself. " I never wish to again." "Never heard of me,'' he cried in astonish ment. Then lowering his voice to a sweet melancholy, he added, " thenJI will tell you my history. Be silent ; stir not, but listen to the history of Briareus the poet oftbeBalcombes ; the betrayed lover— he of the broken heart." I was in my glory— I was about to hear the mystery of the Bluebeard chamber. " When I was but a youth," commenced Briareus, " my uncle, who then owned this mansion, returned from Italy, bringing with him a lovely girl. How can I describe her beauty ? It is impossible ! It was the beauty of a dark, wild night, wherein the placid moon and gentle stars are shining, yet the sighing of the wind proclaims the coming storm. So shone her glorious face, calm and pure, yet ever and anon the flashes from those won drous orbs, her eyes, told of the fire within her soul. I loved her. Time passed, and at last she owt she returned my passion, but badjHRp our love secret, as she dade|j®|Hp!le's wrath. Just at this time W&i; JBJusiiTCom procured me a lucrative berth in 'India, and with a light heart I started for that land of fortunes, for I believe I should soon amass riches and be able to return to claim Elvina." " On my arrival in India I learned that my uncle had died, and that Tom had come into his estates. ' My uncle dead, one obstacle to my marriage is removed,' I cried, and I walked on with renewed vigour. But, alas ! I was struck down by a sunstroke/ fever followed, and I'was ordered home." " How long we were making the passage I know noi. A gentleman — rather a rough fellow, though — who volunteered to be niy companion, said it was a short voyage : to me it seeirud years. At length we arrived, and taking a post-chaise, we drove tn the 1 Yews.' I told my companion at Southampton that I did not require his- com panionship any more ; but lie would not lesvfc me until he saw me, as he said, ' safe in my cousin's care., But why dwell upon this painful history? I rushed into this very toorn i ind embracing Elvina, cried, ' Elvina ! Elvina' j behold thy Briareus returned to claim his j bride !" To my horror she thrust me from her, and rushing to my cousin threw herself | into his arms, asking her dear, dear Tom to save her from the madman. '" Madam," I cried, 'are you not my affianced ? " Briareus, j'exclaimed-Tom, ' are you mad? This lady is my wife.' " I saw it all at a glance," moaned the poor mad creature, making my heart bleed for him. " I knew then why I had been sent to India — why this woman jhad made- me keep my engagement secret; She loved my cousin's gold !" rijU'My passionsTose ; I could not control myself. With a cry more like that of a wild beast than a man I sprang upon Tom. I had him by the throat and would have killed him, but the man who came with me from India — he who called himself my friend — turned traitor for gold. He dragged me away from my cousin, and felled me t > the earth. My keeper. They said I was mad, and locked me up in the chamber. Not alone, no, no, not alone— they cannot shut out the ghosts. They come and tell me stories— wild, horrible stories — I will tell them to you some night, Hark ! The ghosts call me. I must go' at once, or they will come here. Farewell ; to morrow." Slowly he crept from the room, Mrs. Gruesome and I following. Our hearts ached for him. We saw him enter the mysterious chamber, and heard him lock himself in. " Mrs. Gruesome," said I " we will go to bed. He, poor fellow, he is harmless, but to morrow I will see the agent, who must provide a keeper. I do not want Mr. Briareus removed unti, I have heard his stories. It will save my eyesight, not reading at night. Good night, Janet. Say nothing of this to the servants, and do not be afraid. He is quite a gentleman, and harmless." I retired to my apartment, double locked the door, and batricaded it in case of acci dents. Next morning I arose late and descended to breakfast, which ought to have been ready, at least, an hour earlier. Judge my astonishment at finding the room in con fusion, and Janet Gruesome in even greater confusion than the apartment. " He has gone sir?" she cried, as I entered the parlour. " Who has gone?" I demanded. "The mad gentleman. He must have left the house in the middle of the night." "Well, well," I lephed, "perhaps it is belter so. He was a nuisance. If he has en owned himself it is no fault of ours; we were not his keepers; so let me have b'eak- fasl. Get tie tea and coffee service my unHe left me." j "Your uncle left them, sir, hut the mad j gentleman ain't," sobbed Janei, " he's taken j 'em, sir, and the silver spirit stand as well." I "What, inken my silver seivice?" | "Yes, si i ; and every other piece of silver j and all i he jewellery he could find, as well as 1) ' | I could hear no more, but running to the | house agent, told him all about it. j "You have been done," he said quietly; ' " there never was a Mr. Briareus Baleombe. The room only contained pictures and some old furn'tu e of no paiticular value, but favourites cf Mr. Baleombe, so he locks (hem up. Come to the police." He hurried me off to the police inspector, to whom I related this sad history. " That's Solemn Smith's work for a pound," cried the inspector, laughing. " I heard he had been in this neighbourhood. Deuced clever fellow ; could have made a fortune on the stage if he liked. No doubt he found out all about the room, and also heard— asking your pardon, sir— that you had queer crochets so got into the house when it was empty, picked the lock of the room, and played the madman." This was four years ago. And the police are after My Mad Tenant still.— Alfred R. Phillips, Hood's Comic fot 18S7. 