STUDY IN By A. CONAN DOYLE, Author of "Mieah Clarke," "The Sign of Four," "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes," &c;, » PART II. The Country of the Saints. Chapter "VI.—A Continuation of the Re miniscences of John Watson, M.D. Our prisoner's furious resistance did not apparently indicate any ferocity in his dis position towards ourselves, for on finding him self powerless ha smiled in an alfable manner and expressed his hopes that he had not hurt any of us in the sen!fie. "I euess you're going to take mo to the police-station," here marked to Sherlock Hulmes. " My cab's at the door. If you'll loose my legs I'll walk down to it. I'm not so light to lift as I used to be." Gregson and Lestrade exchanged glances as if they thought this proposition a bold one, but Holmes at once took the prisoner at his word and loosened the towel which we had Pound round his ankles. He rose and stretched his legs as though to assure himself that they were free once more. I remember that I thought to myself as I eyed him that I had seldom seen a more powerfully built man, and his dark, sunburned face bore an expression of determination and energy which was as for midable as his personal strength. "If there's a vacant place for a chief of the police I reckon you are the man for it," he said, gazing with undisguised admiration at my fellow-lodger. "The way you kept on my trail was a caution." "You had better come with tee," said Holmes to the two detectives. "I can drive you," said Lestrade. " Good ! and Gregson can come inside with me. You too, doctor. You have taken an interest in the ease and may a3 well stick to us. I assented gladly and we all descended to gether. Our prisoner made no attempt at escape, but stepped calmly into the cab which had been his aud wo followed hitn. Lestrade mounted the box, whipped up the horse, aud brought us in a very short time to our destina tion. We were ushered into a small chamber, where a police inspector noted down our pri soner's name and the names of the men with whose murder he had been charged. The official was a white-faced unemotional man, who went through his duties iu a dull mechani cal way. "The prisoner will be put before the magistrates in the course of the week," he said; "in the meantime, Mr. Jefferson Hope, have you anything that you wish to say ? I must warn you that your words will be taken down and may be used against you." "I've got a good deal to say," our prisoner said slowly. "I waut to tell you gentlemen all about it." " Hadn't you better reserve that for your trial?" asked the inspector, " I may never be tried," he answered. " You needn't looked startled. It isn't suicide I am thinking of. Are you a doctor?" He turned his tierce dark eyes upon me as he asked this last question. "Yes, I am," I answered. "Then put your hand here," he said with a smile, motioning with, his manacled wri3ts towards bis chest. I did so and became at once conscious of an extraordinary throbbing and commotion which was going on inside. The walls of his chest seemed to thrill and quiver as a frail building would do inside when some powerful engine was at work. In the silence of the room I could hear a dull humming and buzzing noise which proceeded from the same source. "Why," I cried, "you have an aortic aneurism." " That's what they call it," he said placidly. " I went to a doctor last week about it and he told me that it is bound to burst before many days passed. It has been getting worse for years. I gob it from over-exposure and under feeding among the Salt Lake Mountains. I've done my work now and I don't care how soon I go, but I should like to leave some account of the business behind me. I don't want to be remembered as a common cut-throat." The inspector and the two detectives had a hurried discussion as to the advisability of allowing him to tell his story. "Do you consider, doctor, that there is ire? mediate danger?" the former asked. " Mo3b certainly there is," I answered. "In that case it is clearly our duty, in the interests of justice, to cake his statement/ said the inspector. "You are at liberty, sir, to give your account, which I again warn you will be taken down." " I'll sitdowD, with your leave," the prisoner said, suiting the action to the word. "This aneurism of mine makes me easily tired, and the tussle we had half an hour ago has not mended matters. I'm on the brink of the grave and I am nob likely to lie to you. Every word I say is the absolute truth, and how you use it is a matter of no consequence to me." With these words Jefferson Hope leaned back in. his chair and began the following re markable statement. He spoke in a calm and methodical manner, as though the events which he narrated were commonplace enough. I can vouch for the accuracy of the subjoined account, for I have had access to Le3trade's note-book, in which the prisoner's words were taken down exactly as they were uttered. "It don't much mabter to you why I hated these men," he said; "it's enough that they were guilty of the death of two human beings —a father aud a daughter—and that they had, therefore, forfeited their own lives. After the lapse of time that has passed since their crime it was impossible for me to secure a conviction against them in any court. I knew of theii guilt though, and I determined that I should be judge, jury, and executioner all rolled intc one. You'd have done the same if yon have any manhood in you if you had been in my place. "That girl that I spoke of wa3 to have married me twenty years ago. She was fov-.-d into marrying that same Drebber and nroke her heart over it. I took the marriage ring from her dead finger and I vowed that his dying eyes should rest upon that very ring, and that his last thoughts should be of the crime for which he was punished. I have carried it about with me and have followed him and his accomplice over two continents until I caught them. They thought to tire me out, but they could not do it. If I die to morrow, as is likely enough, I die knowing that my work in this world is done, and well dons. They have perished, and by my hand. There is nothing left for me to hope for or to desire. "They were rich and I was poor, so that it wa3 no easy matter for me to follow them. When I got to London my pocket was about empty and I found that I must turn my hand to something for my living. Driving and riding are as natural to_ me as walking, so I applied at a cab owner's office and soon got employment. I wa3 to bring a certain sum a week to the owner and whatever was over that I might keep for myself. There was seldom much over, but I managed to scrape along somehow. The hardest job was to learn my way about, for I reckon that of all the mazes that ever were contrived this city is the most confusing. I had a map beside me though, and when once I had spotted the principal hotels and stations I got on pretty well. "It was some time before I found out where my two gentlemen were living; but I en quired and enquired until at last I dropped across them. They were at a board ing-house at Camhevwell, over on the other side of the river. When once I found them oul I knew that I had them at my mercy. J had grown my beard and there was no chance of their reoognising me. I would dog them and follow them until I saw my opportunity. I was determined that they should not escape me again. " They were very near doing it for all that. Go where they would about London, I was always at their heels. Sometimes I followed them on my cab and sometimes on foot, bul the former was the best, for then they could not get away from me. It was only early in the morning or late at night that I could earr anything, so that I began to get behind hand with my employc-r. I did not mind that, how. ever, as long as I could lay my hand upon the men I wanted. "They were very cunning though. Thej must have thought that there was some chance of their being followed, for they would never go out alone and never after nightfall. During two weeks I drove behind them every day and never once Baw them separate. Drebber himself was drunk half the time, but Stangerson was not to be caught napping. I watched them late and early, but never saw the ghost of a chance ; but I was not discouraged, for something told me that the hour had almost come. My only fear was that this thing in my chest might burst a little too soon and leave my work undone. " At last one evening I was driving up and down Torquay-terrace, as the street was called in which they bearded, when I saw a cab drive up to their door. Presently some luggage was brought out and after a time Drebber and Stangerson followed it and drove off. I whipped up my horse and kept within sight of them, feeling very ill at ease, for I feared that they were going to shift their quarters. At JEustcm station they got out and I left a boy to hold my horse and followed them on to the plat form. I heard them ask for the Liverpoci train and the guard answer that one had ju st gone and there would not be another for soma hours. Stangerson seemed to he put out at that, but Drebber was rather pleased than otherwise. I got so close to them in the hustle that I could hear every word that passed between them. Drebber said that he had a little business of his own to do and that if the other would wait for him he would soon rejoin him. His companion re monstrated with him and reminded him that they had resolved to stick together. Drebbet answered that the matter was a delicate one and that he must go alone. I could not catch what Stangerson said to that, but the other burst out swearing, and reminded^ him that he was nothing more' than his paid servant and that he must not presume to dictate to him. On that the secretary gave it up as a bad job and simply bargained with him that if he missed the last train h6 should rejoin him at Halliday's Private Hotel: to which Drebber answered that he would be back on bne platform before eleven, and made his way out of the station. "The moment for which I had waited so long had at last come. I had my enemies within my power. Together they could pro tect each other, but singly they were .at my mercy. I did not acb, however, with undue preoipitation. My plans were already formed. There is no satisfaction in vengeance unless the offender has time to realise who it is that strikes him and why retribution has come upon him. I had my plans arranged by which I should have the opportunity of making the man who had wronged me understand that his old sin had found him out. It chanced that some days before a gentle man who had been engaged in looking over some houses in the Brixton-road had dropped the key of one of them in my carriage. It was claimed that same evening and re turned, but in the interval I had taken a moulding of it and had a duplicate con structed. By means of this I had access to at least one spot in this great city where I could rely upon being free from interruption. How to get Drebber to that house was the difficult problem which I had now to solve. " He walked down she road and went into one or two liquor shops, staying for nearly half an hour in the last of them. When he came out he staggered in his walk and was evidently _ pretty well on. There was a hansom just in front of me and he hailed if. I followed it so close that the nose of! my horse was within a yard of his driver the whole way. We rattled across Waterloo bridge and through miles of streets, until, to my astonishment, we found ourselves back in the terrace in which he had boarded. I could not imagine what his intention was in returning there ; but I went on and pulled up my cab a hundred yards or so from the house. He en tered it and his hansom drove away. Give me a glass of water, if you please. My mouth gets dry with the talking." I handed him the glass, and he drank it down. (To be continued. I 