MARVELS OF ELECTRI CITY. GRAND DISPLAY AT THE WORLD'S FAIR. THE NEW HANDMAIDEN OF INDUSTRY. (by otjh special comiEsrosfnuNT.) Chicago, July 17.— When tlio Paris Exposition lump; out 1100 arc lights and arranged 9000 incandescent lumps, the world felt impressed with the marvellous achievement. Chicago puts. that effort completely in the shade, literally as well as metaphorically, for here there aro 5000 arc lights and no fewer than 110,000 in candescent lamps. Tho exquisite lovelincs3 of the night scene, when the court of honor is lit up with myriads of electric lamps, dot, ting out every lino in tho beautiful facade of tho buildings, tracing with lines of fir© tho Grecian peristylo with its noblo columns and magnificent surmounting statuary, outlining in tho heavens the graceful domo of the Administration Building, tho architectural gem, by uni versal consent of all tho World's Fair palaces, running around tiic marblo balus. trades that encircle the gleaming waters of tho lagoon, shedding over lake and verdant turf and snow white colonnades alike a soft efl'ulgcDce that pales tho moonlight, and is more grateful to the oyo than tho garish glare of the midday sun. This is a scene that words cannot paint. It is, moreover, a scene that electricity alone renders possible. KLECTK10 FOUNTAINS, LAUNCHES, AND SEARCH LIGHTS. A beautiful accessory is the electric foun tains, throwing up columns of rainbow-hucd water, from which break clouds of spray, gleaming now like rubies, and a moment hence like emeralds or sapphires. Skimming over the lagoon, and darting underneath tho bridges, arc silently gliding cloctric launches, which, side by side with tho picturesque gondolas and gaily-chul gondoliers, bring thc old ami the new so vividly together. Across the field of view, gliding swiftly over the whole range of thc park, like so many ghost lights, sending cones of cll'ulgcnco across the broad bosom of Lake Michigan, causing tho distant domes and minarets of the Midway Flaisancc temples and palaces to glisten like carven pillars of snow, penetrating to the silent prairie, a score of miles beyond tho roaring city, aro tho gigantic search lights, which iUustruto yet another triumph of electricity It is a grand and a glorious spectacle — an object lesson on thc boundless possibilities of electrical science. A KAI'lD GROWTH. To realise the extreme youth of the science it is merely necessary to look at tho dynamos which were shown at tho Philadelphia Exhi bition of 1876, and are now at Chicago placed side by side with the most rcce»£ machines, as archiuological curiosities, Tho historical aspects of the display arc indeed among its most intensely intcrestingfeatures. Tho first telephone, the first phonograph, the lirst arc lamp, the first electric motor, arc aU things of yesterday, but one looks upon them and examines their parts with much the sumo feedings as one stands within the Pyra mids of thc Nile and inhales tho musty atmosphere impregnated with the dust of mummies 5000 years old. THU PHONOGRAPH IN BUSINESS AND EDUCATION. Let me take my readers first of all to Edison's phonograph pavilion, and let them mark the progress of one brief decade. In an honored place stands tho first phono graph of the great inventor, a mar veliously delicate appliance, but, with its tin-foil barrel, a crude machine indeed side by side with tho delicately fashioned instrument of to-day, whoso waxen cylinder preserves for all time, with the most minute fidelity, the faintest waves of sound. Now, note a few of the recent appli_ CilvllJIln III IIIU jrilUIII'gl <AJ III. J'liov IS ilij domestic use. A small table, with an abun dant supply of tubes, is tho centre from which orchestral and vocal music, recita tions, etc., are supplied to all tho household- Next is tho commercial application, econo mising labor and lime. One exemplification shows tubes radiating from every room to the typewriter's desk, at which, without tho medium of shorthand, letters arc transcribed tluiL have been spoken into the machino at nny time, and without awaiting tho atten" dance of tho stenographer. Thirdly, tho phonograph is applied to educational pur" poses. You take your French, Herman, Italian, or Spanish grammar and lessoubook but you not merely master with the eye tho vocabulary, declensions, aiul rules of syntax but your teacher, the phonograph, speaks every acntenco into your car, repeats tho words again and again with infinite patience, and so gives you complete facilities for acquiring the most perfect accent of Paris or Berlin, Koine or Madrid. Jt in within tho near future that the disadvantages of deaf nesa will be obviated by the use the instrument, ami it is not too much to say that standing in Edison's pavilion at Chicago we are on tho very threshhold of numberless wonders from which tho curtain will he drawn before tho bells ring out the old and ring in the new century. MKDKUNAl. KLECTKIUITY. The thoi apolitical applications of electricity have coinc to be ho numerous and important that electric therapeutics may bo considered to be a special department of medical and surgical science. Jn dentistry, also, there aro important developments to bo noted. Most important of these is the utilisation of the ordinary current from an incandescent or arc light circuit as the motive power for the delicate drills, hammers, etc., which form tho equipment of every modern dentist's operating room. LONG MKTANGH WRITING. One of the most recent and most marvel lous developments of electricity is tho telau tograph or long distance writing machine. This system is destined to revolutionise tele graphy, for tho operator at one end of the circuit writes the message, and at tho othor end an automatic pen, working in response to the electrical stimulation, traces every letter and curve with microscopic fidelity, Tho solution of the problem of facsimile telegraphy by Professor Eli.sha Gray, tho famous American inventor, is a triumph of thc past few months. By the machino ho has designed tho physician may write his prescription in the chemist's shop in another part of tho city, tho broker may make a con tract from his office on the Stock Exchange ill bin own fac-similu writing that stands as a permanent and exact record of the transac tion, tho banker can sign his cheque a thou sand miles away, and the newspaper artist can instantaneously transmit his picture of the scono of an accident right from tho spot to the engraving-room of his office. This is no more visionary dream of what may lie, foi' the World's Fair visitor has tho chance of seeing the marvellous operations actually performed. THE OCEAN GABLES. Older, but infinitely interesting, is tho system of ocean telegraphy, which th0 Maokay- Bennett Company fully illustrates. The sending and receiving of messages aro performed by thc identical instruments used for the work and under almost precisely similar conditions. Most pcoplo have the idea that cablegrams ate received by electric tladies of light. But this is not so. Tho re cording system is really not unlike tho principle of tho telautograph, for a glass syphon no thicker than a human hair conducts a stream of ink from a reservoir to a paper ribbon passing forward at a uniform speed, and the inky trail so left, many times increased in size from the electric coil by a simple mechanical process, is an exact and permanent record of the dulicato movements of the coil under the in fluence of the currents from thc cable. Thc very picture made in this way forms an alphabet which the receiver can road at a glance. It will surprise no one who has spent a pinglo half-hour in the gallery where the ex hibits 1 have just described are placed to find a tailor's cutter, who is busy cutting out 0 overcoats at one and the sumo instant by means of an electrically operated knlfo mak ing 250C strokes per minute ; to encounter an artist etching beautiful designs on glass by means of an incandescent wire ; to witness a system of telltale electric docks which re cord tho exact whereabout of each watch man all night long, or tho patrols of several hundred of policemen, or to come across chickens and ducklings being hatched out in an incubator whose tem perature is supplied and automatically regulated by electricity. These phenomena come to he looked upon as mere trifles by tho visitor surfeited with marvels. KLHCTKIOtTY IN TIM KITCHEN. But tho electric cooking kitchen is a spot whero not merely every housewife loves to linger, but every man is charmed and amazed. It is a paragon of cleanliness ami efficiency. "You push thc button; we do thc rest," is the motto of thc firm exhibiting the apparatus, and tho advantages of cook ing by electricity arc summed up under 16 heads, one of which is: — "Tho economy of the electric current is found in the rule — Turn it off when you cease to need it.' As this rule is observed, it is cheaper or dearer than coal." Inspection of thc various cooking ap pliances at work will speedily convince the inquirer that the advantages thus claimed arc really obtained aiul are not overstated. Coffee, eggs, pancakes, etc., arc actually cooked at tho breakfast table by simply turning on tho current. Tho turkey or joint in the oven needs no basting, for the reason that the temperature at the top and beneath is absolutely uniform. The equal distribu tion of heat enables tho pancakes above mentioned to be cooked without lard, butter, or fat, so that there is perfect, cleanliness and no offensive odor from tho cooking. The oven can, for that matter, bo in tho parlor just as woll as in tho kitchen, for the insula tion is so perfect that while the inside registers a temperature of 3S0dog., thc out side is so cold that a jar of water can staud on it without heating. Similarly, the frying- pan on which a cako is cooking isquitocold below, and can be carried about upon thc hand. This wonderful adaptation of elec tricity is perfectly free from danger. I handled the wires, and by actual contact at two points experienced the lull shock of tho current, which was nothing more .serious than might luivo been caused by tho slight pressure of a pin point. Thc cooking apparatus can be brought into use wherever there is a circuit, arc, or incandescent. A low voltage current is to be preferred, but transmitting appliances adapt thc more powerful current for domestic use in the kitchen. JKONrNG BY ELECTRICITY. The ordinary light fittings aro utilised ; thus if you wish to iron clothes, you simply unscrew the globe of an incandescent lamp, hitch on thc wire connected to your flatiron, and tho latter is hot in a few seconds, and can be used continuously for hours, there being no need to carry it away to a lire for re-heating. THE COST OF ELECTRICAL COOKERY AND WASHING. I tried to ascertain the cost of cooking by electricity, and was informed that eleutric heat for tiie cooking, washing, and ironing of a family of six persons can be supplied in most American towns for 55 or under per month, that is, £1 per month or £12 per year. If this figure is correct, it is safe to predict that gas stoves and coal ovens will bo knocked out of existence for domestic cooking in 10 years' time. AN AUTOMATIC TELEPHONE EXCHANGE. An automatic telephone exchange is quite new and very important. This invention entirely eliminates the central exchange; an automatic switch takes its place, and does not require the attendance of operators night or day. » At the battery box of the telephone of each subscriber there is placed a small keyboard, comprising three, four, or five keys according to thc total number of subscribers. Supposo you wish to ring up No. 54,876, you press tiie iii st key five times, the second four times, the third eiaht times. the fourth seven times, and the fifth six tunes: the connection with tho desiderated number is then automatically complcLcd. This is perhaps a cumbrous process, and the ordinary exchange system is not likely to be superseded in big cities. But in small towns, with only a few hundred sudscribers, oritialaruc factory or business house, tho automatic switch board is bound to prove useful. THE EXTENSION OF ELECTRICITY IN INDUSTRIES. Beautiful are and incandescent fixtures mark a great advance in tiie practical utilisa tion of electric lighting for halls, churches, and thc home. Mining machinery of all kinds, drills, ore cutters, pumps, hoists, etc., point to tiie general utilisation of iho new power in underground workings in the very near future, for iho ease with which the tools can Ims shifted from one place to tho othor, and tho absence of rock or coal dust (so largely created by the use of compressed air) constitute, among several others, advantages of immense importance over all rival sysictus. Electrical forging and welding form one of the wonders of tho exhibition. Masses of metal arc brought to a white heat in a few minutes, and rivets are almost instantly melted out of boiler plates. For tho welding of small pieces, it is— inercdibile dictu — merely necessary to plunge the iron into a bucket of electrically charged water, and the portion in the water almost instantly becomes red hot, while tho part held by tlio hand remains quite cold i Another beautiful and extremely simple apparatus in a derrick provided with an oloetro-magnet, which picks up pieces of metaiand machinery weighing 20001b. without book or material attachment of any kind. An application uf the over- head system of wires for electric tramway cars is shown adapted to canal boats by means of a aide boom to tap the current. .Search lights and lighthouse apparatus constitute two in teresting displays. Electric elevators are at work, and show that for this use the new power already disputes the place hold by steam and water. The wonderful Japanese are to tho fore with delicate electrical ap paratus for measuring suismatic disturbances. The long-distanco telephone has a pavilion to itself, whero concerts can be hoard from the centre of thc city 10 miles away, and also from Milwaukee and other towns over 100 miles distant. The monthly meeting of the Linnean So ciety was hold in tho Linoean-hall, Elizabeth Buy, on Wednesday evening, Professor Jias- well, vice-president, in the chair. Mr. Norman il. llanly (Sydney), Mr. J. Alexander Watt, B.A. (Sydney University), and Dr. Arthur Dondy, F.L.S. (Melbourne University), were elected members. Donations of works were announced ami acknowledged from kindred societies, editors, authors, and Government departments. Papers were read by Rev. T. Bluckburn and Professor Kulph Tare (corre sponding members), Messrs. W. .J. Rainbow, and U. Ktheridge, jun. Notes and exhibits were contributed by Messrs. Brazier, Rain bow, Waite, Garland, Froggalt, Fletcher, and Ethoridge. These included a rare mol lusc, a remarkable spider from tho Chironco lliver, reptiles from the northern districts, fresh flowering euphorbiaceous plants from Adulong, galls with hirviu and nerfeet forms ilue to attacks by a species of tliniis, botani cal specimens collected by thc Elder explor ing expedition in West Australia, an impor tant addition to the herbarium of the so ciety, and aboriginal weapons, consisting of three additional types of womerali or throw ing stick. When University toughs fall out respect- aide persons get their due. At Dunediu (N.Z.) the other night., thc University j J)ruiuutic Club slaughtered "The School for Scandal " for the edilieation of nu audience! which included a number of obstreperous students. What is called "an amusing incident " occurred. Mr. W. J. Strong had just finished singing " Here's to the Maiden," when, amidst vociferous cries of " Eucoro !" two or three cabbages were thrown up on to ; the stage by way of tribute to the singer's efforts/the offerings coming from some Uni versity st udents seated in the front rows of the stalls. Mr. Strong, quite unabashed, picked up the gifts, gratefully bowed in acknowledgment thereof, aiul placed them on the table, his actions being followed by uproarious laughter ami renewed erics of " Encore ! " in response to which he repeated the last verse of his song. During the even ing the students contributed a number of , their " capping " songs between the acts. 