Doggerel Definition of Sir John's Rest and Quiet. [By A LONGFELLOW.] Rest and Quiet ? No my countrymen But Rest, Runt, and Riot That's what it means ! " Rest and Quiet" ! would be renewed Robbery of humanity's Rights and Rousing of the lion license of monopolising Roost Rulers. * * * Sir John Downer's Laughing Jackass. (SOUTH AUSTRALIA). Sir John had a Jackass, But Jack wouldn't laugh Till he tickled his throat With some bushels of chaff. So up at Barossa, Where he was safe from a riot He tried on his game— But, no " Rest and Quiet " Was all his Jack laughed ! So Sir John got disgusted And waxed very warm When he found that it Meant only " Red Rust and Stored" * * * A dog in the street, sick of turmoil and riot, Laid down in a bank for Sir John's " Rest and Quiet" ! It is said he was owned by a man sans a stiver So he (like the banks) gave up the ghost. as he couldn't survive—eh " * * * " Rest and Quiet's what ZIwant" —Said Sir chinky Downer That's the lay the bush tramps sing Hence theyr'e called " Sundowner" PROPOSED HOSPITAL AND WATER SUPPLY —A meeting of the committee appointed to deal with these matters was held in the Town Hall on April 12, the Mayor in the chair. There was a good attendance. The Mayor drew attention to the fact that the surveyors were now engaged in the neighborhood looking for a suitable site for a reservoir. Three sites were discussed by the meeting—near Minvilara Dam, Mr Casey's, and Mr Lang's, and it was decided that the committee should inspect these at an early date, if possible in company with Mr Rogers in charge of the survey party. [This was done, and a report of the proceedings is published elsewhere.] It was decided to write to Quorn for information as to the working of the water supply in that town, and also to the Railway Commissioners for a definite statement as to what they contemplated doing in the direction of supplying Petersburg with water. The Mayor explained that the money raised on behalf of the Hospital Fund had been placed in the bank as a separate account, to the credit of the Corporation. Mr G. F. Elsey, on behalf of the local Variety Troupe, said that he should be able to hand over the proceeds of the recent cricket match and entertainment shortly ; also that the sports held on Dec. 28, in aid of the Hospital Fund had been such a success that the committee intended to make this an annual affair. 