Zadies Losing Watches, Going into some of the large stores ia _ town one may notice that many of the ? young women behind the counters who are «o fortunate as to possess watches bave the rings at the stems of their time-pieces di awn - through holes in their jerseys and fastened uown securely oy a uuliuu, *o tuui a waieu could not be removed without quito an effort, and certainly not without its wearer knew* ing about it. This is a scheme of wearing a watch tbat has gone into fashion in the 6tores, 'and it has a substantial and sensible basis. . Recently a great many watches have been stolen or lost, and in the lost and found columns a larger number thau usual have . been reported. From the small number re« ! ported as found compared with the largo number reported as lost, it is apparent that either the honesty of the people who have been finding watches on the curbstones lately is at a very low standard, or else tbo watches were really not lost in the sense in- ~ tended by the advertisers, but stolen. Ilhas been quite fashionable for ladies, especially for thoBe engaged in the stores, to wear their watches in their bosoms, with fob chains 1 hanging out of tbe button- holes of their ( jerseys. . . In moat of tho cases where watchcB have « been lost, the wearers had grown careless, and to save time and have the time- pieces ; as available as men have theirs, they had . just tucked them in between their corset ; . covers and the corsets, instead of inside tho j corsets as most J&dies;, it is . believed, do. j Thus worn, they were an invitation to a | pickpocket, and iu tho crowds oa the j trams and ferries, just after the clcsing j hours of the stores, it was an easy matter { for an expert thief to make a 'haul.' A lady had the misfortune to find A w;.tch on one of tbo streets In Sydney the other day, and she advertised it in tbo Jlaald. Tha ? applicants wbo called right away after tha -appearance of the advertisement were to nnmerous that it was a person's work; to attend the door. The lady was surprised ; that so many people could have lost watch-* s. Tbe police will say that there are nothicvas in the city— they a^v^^n-but ? - ... ? — A certain act of patronago was con* ferrodby apoct, whose namo begau with a T, on Alexander Smith, which tho yot.ng mau' rory naturally resented. When T— — « observed :? 'Never mind what the critics say, Hike your poems/' Smith is said to bnvo replied, ' Oh, sir, do nofc discourag* me.'— .Argonaut. CritlclBin as is Criticism.— Col. 'Pat* j Donau doesn't like the play of 'Hamlet.' Hear the eloquent adjectiveslinger: ' I havo no patience, much less sympathy, with n wretched weakling who goes around jabber. ing at dilapitated old ghosts in tin helmet® - and gre^n game veils, under nogus moonnguc , everlastingly threatening to do.sooicthing, ana nc^rduing'it i driving his sweetheart lo lu. nacy «ada catfish death, by hisdime-miiseum . freaksi making stnmp speeches toskulls and grave-diggers; going into all sorts of he-hy.. terics; and a* last,: running a section of-har. bed wire fence, In tho most approved, (Jhic*. go DiK-stioVing style, through his dead girl a brother, and dying, himself, to slow liddle music, amid a general j wnaac ot lunatics and wrdI ol .bfuri'i'AMt,' ' . ( 