.HOSPITAL AID-COMMITTEE, , THE aflairs of the Hospital Aid Com- mittee were, recently wound np. At the meeting held a final balance-sheet was presented, which showed receipts since last - balance-sheet to have been £5 6s. 6d., collected from Proprietary employees, by Mr. S. M. Boland, making with the, balance in hand £8 Ils. 7d. . Prom this £1 Hs. 3d. for advertisements had to he, deducted, leaving à balance of £6 17s. id., which was handed over to the secretary of the Hospital Committee (Mr. L. F. Gk Oswald), together with the balance sheets and books of accounts. Mr. Os wald has not considered it necessary to audit these ; but has acknowledged receipt bf the money, adding that he hos looked through the books and they appear to be correct. During the 18 months pf its existence the Hospital Aid Comraitteehas' raised over .£300 for the Hospital, making with Govern- ment subsidy a total of over £600. Mr. Ä. Catt has been elected Chairman-of Committees in the South Australian Assembly, on the motion of the Premier.'.. - ; Thé business in the Police Court this morning-consisted pf- the disposal of á couple"of "drunks;"" 'J Pashióóable strap shoes, 8s. éd., at H JS Hart's* j The usual Ifortnightly Picton social was, [held^hi :the;^Pi«tonr^es)eyan Churohjlast evening.v> The ¡Rey. jj. G., Jenkin" presided. . : The' f óUp^ing prtf - ¡ gíámme was 'carried out- enjoyably : Songs byLMrs. Hyman, Mrs. Robertson, : Miss Leyson,; Miss Toope, and Mr. J. R; 'Bowering ;' recitations by Miss N. Keeling"and Messrs. Teasdale? and Mills ; Cornish stories, " Ighly Him mpral," ? A Ghost Story,? Ac., by the Rev; J. G. Jenkin ; a Cornish reading by the "Revi ^Wi-Hi - Éváris ; and a dialogue by Mr.~% Brooks and com-' pany. .. ... ^ The Rev. C. Tresise, ¡ president of the B. C. Conference wishes to thank all the friends who have helped to make his visit ¡sb far successful.r The bpecial object of his visit is toTsaise £50 on behalf of the manse trust, ; which - is imperatively . demanded by the bank. Of this amount £32 has. been raised, and he hopes to secure the remainder before leaving. To-night he holds a monster -open-air meeting at Oxide anduArgent street corner in furtherance', of his object; and on Monday night a concert will be .¿given in the- Blende-street Church, which will bring his programme to an «end. . 