THE WIDE WORLD. . The. tallest- building in Stockholm is. the huge iron lattics- work, tower of the cental telephone depot.- Myriads of wires ran from it, darkening the air. Everyone in Sweden uses the telephone, and uses it, moreover,. I very much. In the boarding bouses of the Swedish capital the most significant feature in the routine is its .never-ending telephonic babble. "When a correspondent of the'Com- I hill," who was staying at one of these I establishments, awoke in the morning it was I to hear the jingle of the bells in the corridor - J outside his room and the iteration of the word J "hvad" (what?) Onejmorniug ha asked I the landlord, who was at the machine, 1 what it all . meant. Hie . wife, - he replied, was buying , seme . stores, and was tolling him about them and their prices, and he, on his part, was i shouting back to tell her in which particulars the prioes seemed reasonable and in which unreasonable. Another day -the writer's landlord went for a sledge drive into the country. When he had been gone two hours the telephone began to be annoying, and his wife Btayed I at it a long time crying " Oh ! " and I Ah 1 " and "yes" and " no." " It is I monsieur, " explained a young lady who hap- I pened to be standing by. " He is resting for dinner at —, and is informing madame I about the inoidents of his excursion and the ucwua ua mio iuoai (uab ia voiug (opacou 1v1 him." ' Not even a Westminster election, memor able as the elections for that city , have | been, is better remembered than that of 1784, in. which Fox, The Man of the People, was opposed -by Sir Cecil Wray. 1 " There were 20,000 votes, aocording to the authors of Queens of Society, to be polled. I and the opposing "parties resort d to. any means of intimidation .' or ' violence or per- BUBDWU WIUUU JUUUUIM 0UU1U3I031U VUUtU suggest. On the eighth day the poll was against the popnlar member, and he called npon his friends to make a great effort on his behalf. It was then that the 'ladies' canvass' began. Lady Dnnoannon, the 'Dnchess of Devonshire, Mrs Crewe and. Mrs Damer dressed themselves in blue and buff— the colors of the Amerioan Indepen dents, which Fox Lad adopted and wore in the house of Commons— and set out to visit the purlieus of. Westminster. Here in their enthusiasm they shook the dirty hands of honest workmen, expressed the greatest in terest in their wives and families, and even, as in the ease of Dnchess of De vonshire, submitted their fair cheeks to he kiteed by the possessors of votes. At the I butcher's shop the owner, in Ins apron and I sleeves, stoutly refused his vote except on I one condition—' Wonld her Grace give him a Ikies?' The request was granted, and the I vote thus purchased went to swell the I majority which finally secured the return of I 'The Man of the People.' " xne lost numuer or tne " viaoivostocK, a newspaper published in Eastern . Siberia, reveals a terrible state of : affairs among the convicts on the island of Saghalien. 1 It wonld appear, that the conviots there have j been treated by some of the subordinate prison authorities so harshly that the Governor of the I island has been obliged to' interfere I for their protection. A warder named I Khanoff and some ol his assist- ants, who at one time were convicts themselves and had been raised to the rank of gaolers, have bsen removed from their posts. KhanofTs treatment of his prisoners was so abominable that a number of them crippled | themselves of set purpose, outline off fingers and toes in order to be treated as invalids, and to be freed from his terrible cruelties. Others fled to the im penetrable forests, where they suffered all the horrors of hunger. In a satchel belonging to a fugitive convict, who had I been hunted down, was found some pieces | of human flesh. Investigation rovaalcd I that this man had been one of a party of four, I and fliaf. nnW An« nf fham. tu-ito1 rAmrurtarl The others had been killed and devored by t their comrades. Similar cases of cannibalism I axe, according to the Siberian journal, not infrequent. . r:;.v A writer, in an English paper gives an I ttlUUoillgj UUlj X IvOLj UufglavlOU!) wCCOQuv Ol a performance of " Hamlet," whioh took; I place in Melbourne as far back as 1S52. The' moody Dane, according to this piece ; of stage romance, was nnderstanded not of the pioneers of the early fifties. " The auoience ireatea me wnoie scene wicn good- humored fnn. One was so impressed by the king that he handed the stage monarch a bottle of brandy by . the thong of a stock whip from the gallery. The third act was transformed into a most amusing colloquy between the grave digger and the gold diggeis from Eaglehawk, made up of natural enquiries about the depth of sinking and the return per tub, which so tickled Hamlet that he gave up the soliloquy and joined in the j axing. uuimaiei7, iiamiet, upneiia and the Ghost, in undress, were obliged to appear before the footlights to hear a pelting shower of . nnggets as a substitute for bouquets." This is, undoubtedly, very amusing, .but scarcely credible. I suspect the explanation'is that the perform ance was so infernally bad that the people threw pieces of quartz at the actors, who thereupon went away to the nearest pubfio- honse, and boasted that they had had nnggets thrown to them. Those old diggers were not the men to lavish a ".pelting shower of 1.' i r r- 1 _ nuggets ujjuu luungmrs ui onaxespeare. . Since several of the Parisian managers have abolished the rule whioh forbade -the ad mission of ladies to seats on the floors of the theatres, either in the stalls or the pit, the question of wearing bonnets and hats at the play has been mnoh discussed. Even at the old-fashioned Theatre Francois, ladies are admitted to the last six rows of the stalls at the back, and the pittites complain bitterly about their view of the stage being obstruoted by small mountains in the guise of hats. M. Claretie, the Administrator- General of the Comedie Franoai=e,is strongly in favor of the rule of "hats off," bat he hesitates to take so decided a step as to pro- hibit them with the same rigor as sticks and umbrellas, which playgoers are compelled to eave in the corridors, chiefly in the interests of the "ouvreuses," or box-keepers. At the old Opera Italicn and the Opera Comique the wearing of hats was strictly forbidden, and the measure seems on the whole to have been popular. Unquestionable it was so with members of the male sex. It is related of M. Mamel that spying one night when he was going to sing a lady with her - bonnet on sit ting in the dress circle, he sent a peremptory request for her to remove it, -failing which he said he would decline to appear." A practical school of magnetism, onr Paris correspondent writes, will be opened shortly in Paris, under tho auspices <.f the Magnetic Society of France. All branches of ocoult ousvuDoa >i aaa uc vauuii ujr lucutuai jucu auu specialists, and the opening lectures will take place on 2nd October, at 23 Bue 'Saint Merri. Hitherto these subjects conldonly be acquired at the Medical College of Nancy, and at the Hospital of La Salpetriere, in Paris, the scene of the late Professor Charcot's investigations. The course of studies at , the Practical School will he divided into two parts. The first will include ten lessons of descriptive ana tomy, twelve on physiology, twelve on the history of magnetism, twelve on magnetic physiology, twelve on methods and theories, twelve onmagnetiotherapenticsandaconrse of a.dozen lectures on points not included in the .programme, ' such: as .chemistry, hygiene, psychology, morals, spiritism, occultism, &o;, The second part will include fifteen experi- mental-lessons anda hundred dinicalseances, Students; will receive after exaainktion a diploma of practical magnetism. . Among the professors are Dr. Tigoronx (anatomy), Dr„ Encausae (physiology),, M. Kouxel, ol tho " Journal des Economistes" (hietory.of mag netism) iandM. Durville (magnetism, &c.;). President Carnot has bwn singiJarly ill- requited for a generous action. It will he remembered that in 1839 a man named Perrin fired a revolver at the President, fortunately only with blank cartridge, as the latter was leaving the Elysee to proeeed to Versailles on the occasion of the centenary of" the opening of the famous States General. Perrin. was arrested, tried for his offence, and sentenced to four months' imprisonment. As he was the father of a large family, M. Carnot took pity on him, and imme diately on his release gave him-an appoint ment in the Ootroi or Town Dues Service of Crepy-en-Yalois. Recently it was discovered that' Perrhi's accounts were- irregu larly kept, . and it turned out on inspection that he has for a long time past been misappropriating public money: .and making false entries in the hooks to oonceal the foot. The judge of the Assize Court of the Department of the Oise has sen tenced him to the maximum penalty, two years' imprisonment. We are given to understand, says an Indian paper,, bv a sorter in the Southern Madras .Railway Mail service, who went a few days ago to Nanjangood, that a tigress : visited the Agraharam that day at 12 o'clock, and carried away an. ass to a cave adjacent to the Kapla River. The matter spread, and the people rushed about to I learn the trath. The matter was reported to :the police, who burnt ronnd about the cave I with kerosene oil. The tigress came out in 'great fnry, when one Setti of the place clothed himself with iron covering, SZXCL OMDOCU ulo uicaa uu uio npub, - xuti next day a tiger came in searoh of the tigress, and was noticed by a wayfarer, who reported the matter to the re sidents. The same Setti noticed it sheltered in a cave close by a bamboo garden. He at once went to shoot it, but in vain. Jt rushed out in fnry and caught the Setti, who tried his best to escape from it, hat, alas ! he .had to fall a victim to its fury. The spectators finding the man dead, shot the tiger imme diately. A striking illustration of the misohiei of what is known as " the spoils" system in the United States is famished by a corres pondent of the "New York Nation," who draws attention to the case of the postmaster at Nantaaket, Massa chusetts. This unfortunate official, who is described as a " Republican, bnt in no sense an offensive partisan," was appointed by President Arthur, mid held his office through the whole of Mr Cleveland's first term, :and through Mr Harrison's term—in all about nine years. When he was ap- pointed the office was a small one, hut it has increased during his term, until the number of letters is double whatit was when he was appointed. Moreover, nine-tenths of the residents using the office have, without regard to party considerations, signed a remonstrance against his removal, and a number of well known business men of Boston, Democrats and Re publicans, who are summer residents, have written stating that he ought to he retained in office. For all this the unfortu nate Republican postmaster of Nantaaket has just been removed to make way for a Demo cratic applicant, who, it is affirmed, though in other regards a worthy person, is unable from lack of education to perform the' duties himself.. Hag Ahmet- el- As3al, a pilgrim lately re turned from the Mecca .pilgrimago", has been narrating the terrible experiences of his party to the editor of a native Egyptian paper called the "Mokattam. The pilgrim, whose respectability is vouched for, we are told, by an Egyptian Sheik who is greatly respected in Cairo, declares that on returning from Mecca the "Rafilat " or detachment of the caravan to whioh he belonged, and which was com posed of about 700' camels, left Bir-Said at daybreak and halted at sunset at the foot - of a - mountain, . on- the : road to . Yamboi A: few> minutes after arriv ing there, the: Rafilat, composed of men,- women, and children, found themselves sur rounded by Bedouins of the desert, who . at-. ta/ttra/1 ITifltn Willi flia nfmnof aowQwaw alav- WVUWU suvu IIAiU «uu UblUVOV OWIISgVSJ| 01 : ing and maiming the men of the party. The hot, dry sand was wet with blood. Some of the women, after being robbed of their clothes and valuables, wore left to their fate ; the younger and better looking ones were carried off as slaves. With great difficulty the narrator of these facts escaped with his life.. The poor pil grims so cruelly outraged had actually paid six piastres each and twenty piastres couu m meu. uaiueu iu iuo uuYcriiui ui Medina, to secure his protection against the Bedouins. The conclusion drawn by. the Egyptian paper is that the Ottoman Govern ment is not really master of Arabia; bnt that h leaves the Sheiks absolutely free to rob and plunder, . provided they profess a nominal allegiance. 