music and musicians. ' That draws round mo at last tliis wind-warm sjinco," —Thk Monochoiui. Gounod's much-admired third Messc Selonnelle was rendered with great credit, by the choir o£ St. Joseph's, South Yarra, on Sunday last, in connection with the impressive ceremony of blessing the stations—a series of mural tablets, representing the way to the Cross by the Saviour ; and also that of the erection of a new altar of the Sacred Heart. The choir, under the direction of Mr. Lenilian, mustered largely for the occasion, and managed to produce a fine volume of tone, especially so as the musical accompaniment is quite insufficient for the adequate rendering of this mass. Good attention to time and tune were some of the noticeable qualities of the performance. Miss Grieg sang a lovely '• A.ve Maria" by Angelo Mascherino, one of the new Italian composers whose name is associated with the school of music to which, in opera, Mascagni and Leoncavallo belong. Miss Grieg has been a pupil of Madame Lucy Chambers, who, it would appear, had favoured the. training of the notes of her upper register, but from the powerful and rich notes heard in her singing of this " Ave Maria," it is a debate able point whether she should not be classed as a contralto, of whom we have already too few. Dunne the offertory, Mr. Edward O'Hea sang with great feeling and fine effect an " Ave Maria " composed by Signor Zelman. It is one much used in the service of the church, and has some lovely passages, but it is difficult music to sing. Mr. O'Hea's rich and powerful bass voice has that peculiar carrying power which makes itself heard over every inch of a big building—for this reason it was also of great service in the choruses. Mr. Levy played a violin abligato to both soli. Although he rendered good service, and played with true feeling, once or twice in the latter " Ave Maria," probably through nervousness, the accompaniment was a little too loud in some of the softer passage's. The Philharmonic Society's concert will take place on Monday next, at 8 p.m., at the Melbourne Town Hall. ..Heethovan's- Choral. Fantasia will be the principal item on the programme, which also com prises Gounod's Gallia, and Brahms' Song of Destiny, Madame Boema will be the vocalist for the Gallia music j . Mr. Eentum will be at the piano j and Mr. Peake will conduct. On "Wednesday night the jRisvegliato's fourteenth "At Home " was held, as usual, at the Masonic Hall, and the large and fashionable audience that assem bled listened with rapt, attention to the excellent programme. The hall was oharmingly decorated— this being a labour of love on the part of the ladies of the committee—-roses being in great profusion. Many lovely baskets and bouquets of roses were presented to Madame von Engelhardt-Pabst as a token of the admiration her playing excited. The greater portion of the programme was devoted to modern ooraposers, but consistently with the inten Risvogliato tlnd its leader, I-Ierr Louis ^ivb'sEj/blu3^namos of Ph. Earnoau, Joh. Seb. Baoli, and G. Handei wo$e conspicuous among them. Madame vi^V/EngeDuu'dt^hbst, who has long sinoe been an .estaofislpfo cl,^favou'rjte amongst connoisseurs of the ^flnqst piancffbrto playing, was the executant of the ^tlujee bracketed numbers. The Gavotte, by liameau, is interesting iroin an historical point of view, as being characteristic of the old French school of which Itamoau and Couperin are the most note worthy exponents. The motivos are quaint and i strikingly contrasted, and, as played by Madame ; Pabst, very effectives but then this lady hns a stylo of her own in donling with musical problems. Anton Rubinstein once distinguished between the different stylos of the two contemporaries, Bach and Handel, by saying, " Bach is always a oathodral, and ITandol a Royal castle." A more striking illustration of this bold simile could hardly have boon listonod to than the solemn " Sarabande " by Bach, with its stern grandeur and the knightly sti'ains of Handel's digniflod " Menuot" from Samson, tho transcription for the pianoforte being by lien' Louis Pabst. Madame Pabst played both in a wsy that oxnitod enthusiastic admiration, a storm o applnuso, and a profusion of fioral tributes, I'1 second number she allowed lierself to no less advan tage as an interpreter of the modern school, playing Chopin's Mazurka in _E major; Kubinstein's Lcsghinha (G major) ; Louis.Pabst's " Fairies Dance*' from "Night Voices" ; and Caprice from his piano forte suite in A major. They were rendered artisti cally in feeling and with technique to perfection. Madame Pabst had to respond to an encore which there was no denying. Miss Cruikschank Suther land played- Chopin's " Scherzo in JB flat minor," making, a most favourable impression upon her audience—her well-developed technique resulting in great brilliancy of tone. Mrs. Emery Gould sang a bracket of three charming^son"^"^y^E'fflHsgn. She was in very fine voice, andylier a'rtisti^end^ring of the music was not less notijC,on,ble than her syni^athy of feeling with the words^bt;;he^|6xig^ anictf/ii^ beautifully clear enunoiationV^^O'j^i-d^ple^didi voice was heard to its best adv^*triage..4n iVagnbji'J magnificent aria from Tanii7icmse^4-,-.Q/,^f^bllya'stro incantator," his'rich, round, full t(^es»4xunging through the room. He wao so fervently applauded that there was hope he would repeat it, but he declined the encore. He also sang Gounod's "Le nom de Marie" as finely, as the other, but the son itself seemed slight in comparison with Wagner's It is pleasant to have to record that Madame Lucy Chambers' concert resulted in the gathering together of a very large audience "at the Melbourne Town Hall, on Wednesday night, the occasion of her re-appearance, after so long an absence from the concert platform. It is almost needless to re count that she was received with the warmest greetings s and after, the singing of her first song, "The Lost Chord," the enthusiasm was immense, the platform being nearly covered with flowers— tributes.both to her fine rendering of the song, and to the esteem in which she is personally held. In "The Lost Chord" she had the advantage of an organ obiigalo hy Mr. Ernest Woods—finely played. Mr. Notts' organ playing was also very good. After singing " Caro Mio Den" (Giordam), Madame Chambers was enthusiastically encored andresponded with " Answer's," to the great delight of her audience. Madame Chambers -was udrairaoly supported throughout, Madame 11 o em a singing grandly her two bracketed llohemian. songs, by. Pivqla, " Svota Nadejea" and " Wald VDgelein." Madame Anna" Steinhauer was heard to fine effect in "Mountain' Echo," by Jenny Lind. She, was also much applauded for'her aria from Dot$ Hrolschiltts—in both; instances she was enthusiastically 're-called. 7 Mr J Charles Saunders was heard at his best on Wednes-; day night. After singing " The Holy City" (Adams),' he was so ardently re-called that he had5 to respond, aud gave Fresca's " Spring Song," and; being encored again in the second part of the pro gramme tor " Take a pair of • Sparking Eyes " (Gon doliers),,, repeated the last verse. Signor Buzsd splendidly/interpreted the aria from Don Giovanni. MisB Charlotte Hemming varied the programme; with a recitation, for which she always gains ap plause, How liuby (Eubinstein) Playod, Mr.i Weston and Herr Benno Solrerek, were both excel-; lent in their respective parts, tlie latter acting ably and sympathetically as acoompanist. ' 1 The next Orohestral Concert under the conductor ship of .Professor Marshall Hall will be given in the Town Hall on Saturday, October 28, at 0 p.m. The' programme will inoludo Wagner's " Siegfried Idyll' and Beethoven's " Pastoral Symphony." Madam e Like Wicdormann, as all lovers of artistic singing will be glad to hear, will be the vocalist for the occasion. She will sing the grand scona and aria from Beethoven's Fidoi'to. ' Tuis Victorian Police Band, assisted by the Vic torian ltallways Musical Society, has organisod a performance in aid of the Hospital Sunday Fuiid, that should present largo attractions to all lovovs of out-door-music, The uommittoo of the Melbourne Qrlokot Club have kindly given the promoters the froo use of their ground, the grand stand, which alone will accommodate several thousands, being also available for use. The Police band lias always shown itself ready to assist in any good work, and this, that of helping those sluk and in need, Is one that must appeal to the good fouling;of the coin-' ruuuity, a, progrniumo of saerod music bus been provided. Tito good playing of the Police, baud, aud that of its assistant society, allied to the agree ableness of the surroundings, ought to result in an overflowing attendance, and in substantial benefit to the cause for which the performance is given. This Victorian Railways Musical Society will give their twenty-ninth subscription concert at the Athenamm, Collins-street, on Tuesday next, October 24, at 8 p.m. SiGNon Ilazon has just declined an invitation from Mr. W. J. Turner, the organiser of the Mel bourne Exhibition Concerts, to form and conduct a strong orchestra in connection with that venture. . Miss Nancy M'lntosh, who is to be, the prima donna, in Gilbert aud Sullivan's new opera, was "discovered" by Mr. Gilbert a few months ago. Miss M'lntosh is an American young lady, 22 years of age, who went to England to see hex* brother, Biut M'lntosh, malce his London dSbut as a member of Daly's Company. She has a story quite like that of a novel heroine. Pajia M'lntosh was' a wealthy Pittsburgei', president of coal trusts, railroad com panies, and so on, but the floods broke him up some what, and the family had to strike out for the wherewithal to live ; Miss Nancy, however, had not confined herself to swell drawingrooms, fine com pany, and elegant accomplishments—though of tho latter she has sufficient to be able to talk and sing in half a dozen languages. She is a great cricketer and hockey player, won a championship gold medal at a regatta, and was awarded the gold medal for the best, cake at a recent Pittsburg exhibition. Since November last Miss M'lntosh has been sing ing at popular concerts, where Mr. Gilbert saw her, and, after hearing her sing several times, said, "I think you could play the leading part in our neiv opera." This settled it. Miss M'lntosh is said to have a peculiar register, ranging from the high G to E below, her chest notes having the strength and volume of a contralto. Tiii'i Lyric Club have in rehearsal a performance which ivill take place in one of the Melbourne theatres on Friday and Saturday, November 17 and 18\. The piece chosen is Planquette's opera in three: acts, Les Cloches do Comovillo, Mr. Alexander Wallace will conduct an orchestra of thirty per formers, and Mr. John Wallace has undertaken the duties of stage manager. Fimpay evening. November 8, will be a Naval and Military command night at the Alexander Theatre, when the Melbourne Op era Club, under their musical director, Mr. Jas. lire, will give their second, performance of Messrs, Gilbert and Sullivan's fairy opera, 1'olantko, in aid of the United Service Home, Drysdale. The headquartera' otaJT, together with tho whole of the officers of the Naval and Military forces have signified their intention of witnessing the performance. The box-plan opens at Glen's on Saturday, October 21. i Anothioh very enjoyable "smoke concert" was given by the United Melbourne Soi'tgoods Club on ; the evening of October 12, in Paver's Crystal Cafod Upwards of 800 gentlemen were present, including Messrs. G. F.Brind (L, Stevenson and Sons, Limitedhr Ul mu 11USUUUO Ui jv* W.J frothj whom an apology was received, on aooonut of ill health. An admirable programme had heen pro vided by the honorary secretaries, Messrs. T. M. Kirkwoocl and W, 13. Stevenson, which included some well-known amateurs. Mr. Fred Ireland, the well-known pianist, contributed an overture from Paxil Jonas, Mr. S. Moylo gave a serenade from Soliubert, with hassoon obUgalo by Mr. Ernest Moflltt, and wore well rooeivorl, Mr, Molford Haven, a pupil of Madame Miranda and a tenor singer of oonsidorablo promise, sang the " Garonne" in excellent voice, aud as an onooro gave "The Star of Botlilehom " with equal oll'eot. Mr. L, R. True bridge was also good in his recitation, entitled "Captain Morris," Mr. F. L. Davidson sang, by request, " Drinking," and was rewarded with a recall. Mr A W. Ourrie rendered a comic 'song, " Makes you' careful," in his usual good stylo, and received an- onooro, A hanjo selection was contributed by tho Melbourne Banio Club, which evoked rounds of applause. "Tommy ou Ghosts" was the title of a recitation submittocl by Mr, Joseph Blasohook, and *vv. . i-..i Tvl noLMui .1 uurl T/.nHanr. vent remarkably w$lv. Mosam .J', tu'id^ Robert 'OUt ruiuurmiuj.r I'Culltigh otvoh contributed a good song, Mr. Percy Irowu'd rendering of the " Fog Bell" was 'well re lived Other selections wove contributed during io evening by Messrs. F. Ooshoii, C, Sundew, J.: [fu-voY, F. Ouinboumo, T, Baillio,.). Ferguson, W. lowmiui, Joliii F. Adam, M. Bvusoh, and Val Yous •lOWlUMUj lIUIUV A' • Ion Thb company dlaponiocl at a lafco hour, co.u ludiug with " The National Anthem." 