AN ITALIAN TOUR. br As Exiled Victobun. MILAN. MilanCathedral.bas an immense ad van tage,, oYer:apme of $$»&&& the;3|bt that it atandtf^t^^^pg^laat^ai broad piaixa,withnojB^er edi tHJ^&ingi; ng around to disfigure and beholder (for must dilution) aaa? fr^v et study its exqnUitepropoitions without lefcor; hindrance.1 By the ^e'we fbur travellers; saw this famoaeDnomo we wereentUledto he btftioal. havingjMady/in <H»oa^ahd; Florence, in Vehic&iand;" Home, feasted h|if| eyes on jariousinliaclosofatchiteotttre. -One; of our^^jWht^feearriestideaofacatUedral was associated wlih'the dark bluestone one which in Melbourne ftowna tire EasternHUl. coald not, evenMihltdistayce ahdftHfh her widened experience, shakeheicselfftee of the impression -■ that a cathedral ought to be tinged withgloom aiiMlli#ith^andeur.i The marvellous lightueas^-fMid? elaborate oroamehtation of the myriad pinnacles of the D'Chmo of Milan appeared almost frivolous to her taste, which had been moulded in a more severe school; but to me it was a vision of beauty so complete and entrancing that even with the remembrance of the domeof Peter still vividly fresh in my mind I felt that I was gazing at the most perfect work ever fashioned by the band of . man. How. solid masoury, strong to resist the ravages of time and tempest, has been made to produce an etfect as lace-like and ethereal aB a summer cloud or a winter frost is a secret which the dead and gone architects of the* Milan' Cathedral have, I' fear me, carried with them into eternity. Upwards of four thousands pinnacles, each one sur mounted by the statue of a saint, adorn the exterior of the Duomo. And, although these statues are by their position placed high beyond the reach of critical scrutiny, each one is in itself a work of art, complete in every minutest point, and different from all the rest. They are wrought throughout with the thoroughness which distinguishes the honest handicraft of less feverish ages from that of this nineteenth century of ours, whose incessant hurry and turmoil do not admit of anything beyond a general effect being aimed at, without too much regard to detail The inBide of the cathedral is in keeping with the magnificence of the exterior. Gold, silver, ivory, and precious stones lend their aid to (he decorations, but, they are always so skil fully employed that the objects fashioned from them are valuable lor their rare workmanship rather than for the costly materials of which they are formed. In this wonderful cathedral, once the scene of his apostolic labours, rests the body of St. Charles Borromeo, whose Christ-like charity to his suffering people during the great plague at Milan (towards the end of the seventeenth century) was of the same super natural intensity: and devoteduess as that wbich in our own day characterised Father Damien in his dealings with the lepers of Molokai. • ;The subterranean chapel of San Carlo, which ; contains his tomb, has some fine bas-reliefs in silver- gilt commemorating various scenes in the life of the saintly arch bishop, his ministrations to the sick and dying, his distribution of altns to the poor, &c.; and after all the long years that have passed since he so lovingly tended the plague stricken Milanese through horrors even more revolting than leprosy his name is held in the veneration and affection such heroism in spires, not only in his cathedra! city of Milan, but all over the world. " However short your visit to Milan may be," said a friend whose ad\ice we relied on, "Ire sure you see Leonardo da Vinci's fresco of the * Last Supper.'- It is but a ghost of itself, no doubt; but, ruin though it ire, what remains of it out-values all the newest work of this years Salon or Academy as much as the crumbling tvnlls of the Coliseum out-value the Albert Meinorial in Hyde-park." The chamber which holds this art treasure was originally the refectory of a Dominican monastery, and Leonardo painted his master piece at the upper end of the room, where ali the monks could see it as they sat at table. Since then the fortunes or this chamber have been eo varied and disastrous that the wonder is not that the painting should be damaged, but that it continues to exist at alb /In the year 1500, before the picture, which engaged Leonardo for sixteen years.. "Was completed, the refectory was Hooded by ! heavy tains. Later the smoke from the ad-1 joining kitchen wol'ully discoloured the painting. Later still, the monks, wishing to enlarge the door beneath the picture, damaged it badly, and, worst misfortune of all, in 1726 an indifferent and audacious artist repainted itsTuded colours. In 1770 it was again "restored." When the French occupied Milan under Napoleon the re fectory was employed as a cavalry stable ; and in 1800, after a rainfall of fifteen days, the refectory was once more Hooded. Gi course I did not lindoutull this for myself in the hour at my disposal to see the great masterpiece; 1 have glyyifidLtiiynformation, with much beride&^romdf r< Murftriij Hand book of Ujlv^fiilJWe for myself was tly£$haaowy ghost oT^ypi<\u:e, maimed^md inconceivabli our Saviour til others, and tb like, has still impressive; . copied that everyone"? grouping of the Apostles round the table, with the sweetness of the expression of St. John's lace, theonthusiasmof St l'eter, the cunning of Judas; but though there still lingers much evidence of what the picture [ Wits in its prime, too much work is left for j the imagination in tilling up the missing parts, and it is an altogether illusive and dis tracting effort to endeavour to recreate for one's self the whole scene from such a shadowy outline. This difficulty does not deter copyists from attempting the impossible task. Perhaps to some artists it affords the same sort of pleasure that a translator enjoys who does not adhere too closely to the original, but allows himself tbe license of free transla tion. He can indulge in originality within limits, and yet have certain fixed landmarks to-guide him. The morning we went to see the " Last Supper " there were several artists at work, some of them copying the whole picture, others engaged in the study of a single figure. One of them in particular had succeeded admirably, re- j producing what was to be seen with rare accuracy, and supplying what was missing with judgment. He made one addition without warrant, however, for which I could not refrain from taking him to task. In the original the table is set out with bread and dishes of fish.- To this simple fare the artist in question had thought fit to odd small plates containing lemons cut in quarters. The lemons were exquisitely painted, and looked deliriously cool and full of juice, hut there was not the slightest hint of lemons in Leonardo's masterpiece. " Why have you put tliat.in pointing to a lemon, I asked hipvafter a little preliminary talk and a few compliments on the excellence of his work. ".Lemons ttrdsogood with fish," he replied, Witb ihe enthusiasm of a bon virnnt. '' They jn thepicture if they were not. Perbapa &ey; have faded out of it." "So is fish," I suggested, "or Wojn§ro|r ;sauce. Why not add them also if jouffree! justified in adapting Leonardo 1" but heMfttendedthat though lemons might beMgedMtb propriety, Worcester sauce or e vmOsyeime wouldoe a gl aring anachronism, $t^^erln&dmi;$sible into, the picture, I tSdlilm^at'bowever good lemons werewith fiUhj'hhd probable as an adjunct m those far he bad no right to place them in * " "ftp. be a copy of a picture dteation of them ; but he was to relinquish them, and ardo da Vinci had. made to serve fish without ustified in supplying the oe to Chicago of Krupp's eriol cars are being built, lie about the length of now in use]' commonly truck," but it will be ..t almost entirely of iron. \-- « — » »»» placed on 32 unusually large and strong wheels. This will be used for transporting one piece of freight—the 154-ton cannon—tbe heaviest single article that Will"tavrt%en- handled. -The other car will be used for carrying two smaller pieces of ordnance. This car will really consist of two cars, with 82 wheels each, joined by an iron bridge, presenting the appearance of one Jong car with 64 wheels. New trestle work is being put under tbe bridge of the Balti more ana Sparrows Point Railroad, across Bear Creek,,attlus time to give the structure <rr£aW Bfcrehkrth for supporting the great ffaa« „ 