THE WHITE LADY OF MACHOW. ? w Daring the last Polish revolution, the artillery captain, Baron Greisenek, of Tornopol-where his regiment tras stationed-was dispatched to Maolïo w with a troop of hussars, to guard the frontier, and prevent the insurgents from crossing over from Galicia into Russia. , It was a lovely summer's evening when he arrived ; the fall moon tras rising above th» hortaon, and the atari shone olear end bright above the round tower of the castle, which lay on a gentle rise behind the village. Baron Greisenek stationed his videttes along the frontier line, so far, indeed, to the right and left, that they reached the next body of troops, sainted the Oossack in command, quartered his men in the surrounding villages, and then betook himself with his old sergeant, Madorassie, and half a.troop of hussars, up the gentle ascent to the Castle of Mechow. The latter was an extensive edifice, with high, moss-grown walls, and round, massive towers, which reminded one more of a castle ou the Dardanelles than a German castle on the Rhine. The moon cast a bine light over it, rendering it etill more mysterious looking. The gates were closed. It appeared empty and deserted; no sound was audible, save from time to time the melancholy cry of a night bird. The captain signalled to the trumpeter to blow a blast. The shrill, cheerio! notes rang out in the still night, arousing countless bats and owls in the ruined walls, which flew whirling round the heads of the hussars. At the third blast nt the bugle, steps were heard, a bunch of keys rattled, and at last the door turned creakingly on its hinges. An old man in the Polish dress of the previous century, with a weather- beaten face and a long white beard, stood before the captain, and greeted him respectfully. Greisenek demanded quar- ters for himself and his men. " The castle, with all it contains," said the old man, solemnly, " ie at your order, eir. I have only to ask you not te take it ill if your rest, and that of your men, is somewhat disturbed at night/ He drew nearer the Baron, and added in a whisper : "There are ghosts in the castle." "What?" j "The 'White Lady of Machow' is I soen now and again." ¡ "Soldiers know not fear!" exclaimed : Greisenek, laughing, " and least of all are I afraid of pretty women, and the ' White Lady of Machow ' must have been hand > some indoed if she is doing penance for ', her sins to day. Forward !" The hussars rode into the courtyard ; the gates shut ; the horsemen dismounted j and led their boraes to the stables. The windows and corridors were lit up by the moonlight, bnt only a eingle light was visible, and that was - on the ground floor. . " Ie the castle uninhabited P" inquired the baron, whilst the old man held a lan- tern to light him up the bread steps of the castle. "My master, Herr Krosnowski and his lady and daughter are living in Lemberg ; the young master, I believe, is in Paris." " Or with the insurgents yonder P" " It is possible. I am hore alone as the castle steward." The old man opened a lofty, iron-hound door on tho ground floor, and led the way through a suite ot empty rooms, the walls of which were hung with old pictures, to a spacious apartments, on one side of which ran an open gallery, approached by a winding staircase. This great room was adorned with life-sired portraits, my- thological paintings, Dutch flowers and fruit pieces, ancient Polish, as well as Turkish, Mongolian and Servian weapons, and old damask-covered furniture. In the centre stood a round table, with a cover spread for one person, and against the wall was a four-post bed prepared for the night. It looked as though the soldiers Itad been expected. Baron Greisenek made himself comfort able, ate and drank, and praised the culin- ary skill of the steward, who waited on him attentively. " I was four years in Paris with my master," said the old mau ; " I learned to cook there." " After this soup, I could believe." thought the Baron, .* That the castle is not so uninhabited as it appears. Evi- dently the inmates intend to have no dealings with imperial officers. Well, so beit.,r Then, turning to the old maa, he said. " What is thia story about a woman in white?" The steward took a candelabra and led the captain to the picture of a strangely beautiful woman, whose tall figure, was wrapped from head tbfbothi a fur mantle. From the dark ground looked out a pale face with proud bine eyes and full red lips. From beneath the fur bordered cap fell rich, red gold tresses like fiery snakes. "That is ehe," said the steward, " the Whojewodin Barbara Krosnowski. She lived in the days of King Segismund Augustus, and waa a siuf al woman. Ged rest her soul." . * # # # . When the steward had left him, Greisenek carefully examine the whole apartment, and with that object mounted to the gallery above. He could discover nothing .auspicious. After bolting the doors, he laid his loaded pistols on the bed and went to sleep. He was aroused at midnight by the hollow strokes ef the cattle clock, and sat up to look around him. The entire room was Ut up by the moon¡ the high windows «ere sharply defined against the pannelled walls, the weapons shone with unnatural brilliancy, the portraits appeared like living persons, and the beatiful Barbara Krosnowski seemed to gaze at him with a threatening look in ber blue eyes, and a scornful smile on her full lips, and when a sharp-current of air swept through the vast room and fanned his hot cheeks, he fancied he eonld see the hair on her furs wave gently. And now he noticed that the wall high up at the end of the gallery had opened, and he eaw a form clad in white flowing robes sweep through it. Half terrified, half curious, he rose and fixed his gase ou the apparition, as it stood a moment in the cold light of the moon, looking straight into the face of the beau« tiful Barbara. It was the esme lovely face, with the same prond eyes, framed in Ípiden tresses, only the blue eyes no onger smiled seductively, but wore a look of gentle, wistful gravity. He seized bis pistols involuntarily, aad cocked the trigger, bnt the white lady raised a warn» ing hand, and vanished silently and. swiftly from the other end of the gallery, where the wall, at her approach, opened, , and closed in mysterious silence after her/ It was long before the Baron again fell asleep. When he awoke in the morning' he questioned whether he had been dream* ing, or had really seen the strange appar- ition. Beside him lay the"p1stols, with the trigger still cocked. He had certainly in the night made ready to fire. But might not the fall moon have played him a trick P He had just finished dressing as his old servant entered and put an end to his doubts. " I have to report, captain," began the sergoant, " that the guard on the frontier hos remained according to orders, and nothing particular has occurred, but 'tis not all as it should be here in the castle, captain." ? " What, have you, too, seen something P" " Toreos, who had the stable guard at midnight, declares a woman was walkiog np and down the corridors of the castle ; in the courtyard and the garden, steps and voices were heard; the horses were rest- less, and your bay mare, sir, broke loose. They say the horses scented the ghost." A's Greisenek rode off to inspect his guards in the vaulted gateway, he met the steward, "I say, fellow," he cried, excitedly, " I've seen her 1" " Whom your honour P" " The White Lady of Machow !" The steward crossed himself. "That means nothing good," he muttered. " May no evil befall us !" "Bah ! we're not afraid." * * * * * * That night the Ghost appeared a second time. On the stroke of, twelve the White Lady stood once more in the gallery, raised her hand in warning, and vanished. She was seen by the hussars, «od the horses were as restleas as before. On the third night the troops received an alarm. A small body of insurgents appeared on the further side of the frontier; the Cossacks drew back, shots were exchanged, and flames were visible ou the eastern horizon. Greisenek re- tuned home an hour before midnight, took, -a hasty meal, and threw himself dressed upon his bed. It soddenly occurred to him that this time he would wait for the ghost and address her. He rose, belted the doors, satisfied himself that his pistols were \ loaded, placed them in his belt, and ascended the winding stair. In the gallery he chose a projecting pillar for a hiding-place, and then awaited courage- ously, but with some excitement, the apparition pf tho White Lady. With the first stroke of midnight the wall opened and the lovely ghost appeared. The Baronet's heart beat, and he held his breath. Only two steps removed from him, the White Lady stood still andlooked down into the room below. With sudden determination, Greisenek stepped ont from behind the pillar and seised in his arms a elim, warm, living form. " Holy Mary !" ? murmered a sweet, woman's voice and two large blue eyes looked beseechingly into his. " Fräulein Exoanowski P" said the captain. " You know mo P" "Tho resemblance to your ancestress, the White Lady, is so striking.'' " 1 entreat yon not to betray me," mur mured the beautiful vision. "I am betrothed to one whom my parents refuse to allow me to marry, whom they will not even permit to enter the honse. For a year I have played the White Lady of Machow, only that I might be able to see him and apeak with him for a moment. Well, I am in your power." " My dear Madame, what canyon think of meP" replied Greisenek, " never could I, to whom chanco has entrusted your se* oret, botray your confidence I Go your way without fear. How I envy him who waits you !" The girl smiled mischeviously. The same instant a hollow Bound came from the courtyard. " What is that P" exclaimed the captain " Nothing, nothing," replied Fräulein KrofnovTshl hastily. " 'tit only my faith» fal steward, who is in my confidenee, and plays the ghost to your hussars, in order that I may reach the garden unperceived. Farewell." "Shall I never see you again ?" The girl hesitated an instant. " Tes," she said, giving him her band. " you shall see me again, if yon will pro- mise not to follow me, and not te quit this room before morning." " I give vou my word of honour." " Then, farewell." She vanished; and Greisenek again threw himsolf on the bed. Early j» the morning he was awakened by bis servant. With the latter appeared a Jew, who brought news that during the night a large troop of insurgents had assembled in Castle Machow, and had succeeded in crossing the border. Greisenek struck his forehead. He liai been betrayed bj the White Lady of Machow. His general sent for him, and awarded him with a month's arrest. One day he fouad on his windowsill a ?'stone wrapped in paper. Opening it, he read : " Baron, I am truly grieved that yon hare suffered for my delinquency ; maybe the thought that yon ara suffering ior me will console you. You keep your -word and I will keep mine. , " "THE WHITE LADY OF MACHOW." The day Greieenek regained his liberty, a Jew visited him, and informed him with an air of mystery, that a good friend of his would be waiting for him at eight in the evening in the courtyard of the Castle Biko waa. There was nothing improbable in euch an invition. More than one former Austrian officer was fighting in the rail ks of the insurgents, who, if brought back wounded across the f ronlier, would throw themselves OB the mercy of thoir former comrades. So Greisenek . rode unaccompanied to Balam ga, distant only about an hour from headquarters, and, at the appointed hour dismounted before fhe castle. It was a fine, but cool autumn evening; the sky starlit, and silence reigned around. A boy came out and led away his horse. As the captain approached the castle, a tall slight figure, leaning on the baluster of the broad steps, rose to meet him. It was Fraulein Krosnowski, who gave him her hand. " Are you angry with me," she began P " I am only angry that you should be already betrothed," replied the Baron, kissing her hand. " How gladly would 1 have been thy slave." "I am not betrothed," exclaimed the girl, laughing merrily. "Not betrothed 1" Greieenek threw his arms around her, and this time her rosy lips did not refuse to meet his. The same winter, the White' Lady of Machow became the Baroness Greieenek. 