"THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER." ("Australian Journal.'') I think I was among the first of the moxm-j ted men placed in charge of a station oil the "i diggings, tlio rule of those dtiyd being to ' favor tho foot policemon in this bisjiect, the mounted men being naturally ofteuci- em ployed away from camp. "Why the rule was broken ii* my case I have no idea, but tho fact was very agreeable to me at the time, giving me an importance that was very pleasant to a greenhorn. Yes, thus I was styled by my Mattel, Oon Htable Ryan, with aggravating Er«|Whce-, b'nt it was true, objectionable though tho epithet i was co me. I had. not biwn six lnoWtha tho colony when I found myself ill charge at Ti-troe Diggings, f.ftd half of the time named had been spent at tho depot acquiring such departmental training as I had not already teccived as an ensign in the English militia sorv We got to Ti-tree late in tho afternoon of a summer day in the year 1854, and never shall I forget the impression made upon mo by my first view of a 'rush' in full stvihi*. Gold was being got freely just th'ch on Ti tree, and thoro was a wildness and free dom of life and surfoUmthigs that confounded I mo. Ryan laughed at me; ho had been an I unlucky digger himself in 1853, and the s'ceno had no charm for him. I We had brought up our wooden-framed station and other material to form a police camp such as was then in vogue, and the carts had halted on a little rise just aa we entered the tcut-1 iaed road, behind which, on either side, wore up-piled the heaps of yellowish soil that marked thecliggors' labors. In each tent was the inevitable bar (for every tent was a grog shop in those days); flags of every hue and shape and size, mounted on rough, bush-trimmed saplings, dotted the tent-covered lo>v hills, and there was little sound, save what was, to me, the strange swash- swash, awash-swash of tho rocking cradles down by the hidden creek. I was aroused by the sharp voice of Ryan— ' Are the horses to swelter here under their loads much longer, Mr. Man-in- charge 1 May be you could find time to pick out a camping ground, seeing as you'll likely have, more time to study the beauties of the landscape than will be agreeable to you when we have a roof over ollr heads.' ! ' A camping-ground 1 What do you think, Ryan V ' What do I think, is it1? Well, I think we must be near the creek, anyhow, while being pretty dose to the centre of population at the same time. There's a nice »re'en rise below there, where the Yankee Sag is waiting for a breeze; let's go on and look at it.' Wo erected our buildings on tile spot my chum's quick evo had fixed upon, and it was as the horses wcrti being unyoked that I liist heard i>f tvate Juniper. When Ryan dis ! oovcrel that the big tent with tho star spangled banner in front of it, opposite whfch wo had selected our site, was Kate 5'unipcr's, ho showed a good deal ot excitement for so stolid a folic w-, Yind at night, when we had rigaud up our temporary shelter and got the horses comfortable, he told me a good deal more about tho woman who seemed to wtxrost him so much. ' She's gone into GaStusmaine for goods,' Ryan said.'end you won't see her till to morrow. And now, Percy, don't for got the warning I've given you—you couldn't do a worse thing than get soft on Kato J uniper.' 'Getsjft on Kate Juniper? Gaiil you must think mo soft already, Jack Ryan ! | From what you've told me of the habits and j customs of the woman in question t shwuld | say she is about as fa; ftoltt my ideal of womanhood as she call well bo. No fear, sir; | no {ear.' ' Wiser men than you have said and thought the like, mo young buck; but wait a bit. There's something that drags you to her in Ivato Juniper in spito of her almost un womanly ways, and no man can deny that she's about the finest woman to look at that ever the sun shomo upon.' This was enough to make a young man curious to seo her, you wHi own, and I was curious; but it wns not until tho afternoon of i the following day that the subject of owe con I vers.ation turned up. 'Them she is I There 5s Kate!' Ryan cned, as ho dropped his hammer and turned on the ladder he was using to shade his eyes from the sun. * On the back trtcts 'there, flying like the wind., on a blttk horse ! She's coming up the b<*vck Way to her place and now we won't oee her until night.' I watched tho horsewoman pointed out to nio dashing along tho track, and swerving gracefully to cross the log bridge over tho creek. She was tori distant at first lot hie to see more than tho outline of a easy form, quite at homo in tho saddle, and dressed in ordinary female walking attire, with a broad, grey hat shading a sun-browned face ; and then the tents hid tho horso and rider. I was disappointed. Let me sketch it in outline what of Kate. Juniper I had learned from Ryan before I made her acquaintance, that night, fie had known her a year previous on the Forest wree-r, where sho kept as she was keeping now, a sort of restaurant and grog sh,mty° with,for help and sort of protection, a middle aged couple named Brown living with her. ' It was currently reported on Forest Creek,' said Ryan, ' that Kate had a hus band at Barker's, about whose identity no tlian was certain. All that was known or" guessed was that Kato and he had parted, and that at any allusion to his existence her eyes bla2ed and her fingers clenched. And when you come to know a little of her, Percy, you will wonder how such a woman ever came to marry, for she's as masterful and independent—ay, and powerful—as any ordi dary man, though she has a heart soft as honey for sickness or troublo, for all that, i There'll be a regular roll up to Kate's to night, you'll see, fori toll you she draws the men no end, stmiohow, without being oven ! civil to 'em.5 i My first good look at Kate Juniper was! at sundown. I was lying on the grass out- \ side our new station, smoking and lazily en- i joying the new excitement of watching an Australian gold-field after the diggers had j left work and -were mostly housed in restau rant or tent, washing themselves and chang- j ! ing their working attire in preparation for | I tho evening's amusement, or seeing to tho cooking of thoir rough suppers. Tho haze of past heat lay low on the ground down by the creek. Every wilted-looking flag hung life less against its rough pole, and there was a sort of temporary hush over white-tented Ti troe when tho figure of a woman came with a quick, confident step out of the ' Star spangled Banner'and glanced sharply to ward tho low, red sun. Ryan was behind me, and said—' Ilush !' just to draw my attention; but I had seen Kato before he did. She was a woman of twenty-six, perhaps more, and of a woman's full height without seeming actually tall, with a rather full figure, yot so perfectly developed that it gave one the idea of a slendor outline. In every movement thero was a natural grace and supplenoss, and a dark, handsome face was crowned by a mass of tho most splendid black hair I ever set ej'es on. Her dress was of most simple, thin, black material,but it was draped upon her according to some classical secret .if her own, for I never saw another woman's figure outlined so perfectly and gracefully. She devoted a steady, in quiring look to us now arrivals of the polico camp, and then she. moved out to tho flag staff, loosed the halyards deftly, letting the folded hag dr.>p lightly to half-mast, and then, holding tho lines easily in her hands, gazed at tho setting sun. ' What is sho doing I What is she wait ing for V I asked of Ryan, inn hftlf-whis-j per. . ' Fot s&nset.; You just watch, for it's, wtirlh seeing. Kate sets the time wherever she is. You'll hear some shootingpresently.; Nearly every man on Ti-treo will tiiko tiille.j from Kate's shootiug-Vron.' I had 110 time to ask for farther explana-! tion. The sun hrvd dipped half of his round; crimson iutotiie horizon; in another moment! the ottM' half disappeared, and Kate Juni per's right hand held a light revolver in the , air. Crack—crack—crack—crack— cte!( crack ! went the six shot^ the ifct'tor five of which wore echoed aftd caught up by hun dreds of 'that had but waited Kate's signal. Then the revolver disappeared, and the woman's deft hands flashed among the halyards; and up and out, broad and resplen dent, went the ' star-spangled banner' on the breeze. Hurrah, Kate !' cried Ryan, as hfc dftr'ted through the grass and across tlVc road; 1 your I revolver brought .tip tlVto Weezo. I've seen it do th»'. befote.' 1 Who nto you V she said, C6oly,- as she let her grand, dar]c eyes rest inquiringly on the approRQlung figure. ' Havia you forgotten mo so soon, Kate ? Jack Ryan '! I was digging oil.Forest VJrcek last year.' ' And trow yo\j's tv feap \ 'Aritu Sti saying, without nh'dtheV ,.\Vorc!\ tlitt stately woman disa^peAte'A \v\tinr. the tent, leaving Ryan ldufomg Stupidly after her. Presently he ralile back to camp. ' Gad, I forgot!' lie laughed, 'I've cut myself clcan out with Kato.1 1 How so ?' ' By joining the Force. Kate hates police men.' . , , ' ' That's nothihg lfi her favor!' 1 said, shottl^, frith the quick tou'ehin'ens 'to iVis | \t>ro|es sion'.of tViet n'ew;' 'perhaps' she lias,good ca\ise (Jc iVa'ce them.' _, RyaVi looVca nt me askance, ■ and grinned. "'I gVcfes you'll change your mind when your'e acquainted with Kato ! I don't think it's in her to do a dirty trick, much less a mean one. And,' ho added, with his favorite ex pletive, ' by gar ! I wouldn't bo surprised if she changed her opinion about the polico jumper either, as far as you're cnftcetntet. Kate has a weakness (of hftUtl'suhie, younsr faces with dowli oil \i\il ilistead of hair ; they tell Vus ?hte-rS f'e'gular sliook on a young chap they tell Lambert on Ti-tree ju3t now.' Of course these remarks upon my youth and inexperience were by no means pleasing to me, but Ryan easily soothed mo, at about 9 o'clock, when he ask me to cross to Kate's bar. ' You'll see a lot of tho fellows there by thiB time,' lie explained ; 'nnd if *vo want to got on well Among tlismwo mustn't koopnny way stuck-up. Como on ; by gar 1 your'e shining like anything. Oh, by gar I* ' I'll make you shine, Mr. Ilyati, if you don't keep a civil tongue in your head;' and, making believe to dodgo an imaginary blow from me, my mate led the way acrons the road. , Myfirst acquaintance With a digger's haunt in tho geld t\n'ys—how well I remember it. Tho tent was, I dare sr.y, thirty feet long, and proportionately wide, supplemented at the back by several sm.-.Iler tenements of canviu. A long tabic cros.-.ed tho, buck of the tent, at either side, of which were forms. A doxon men were seated hi variolic yn»ji>ii ventiojml aUitmWs-, most'Of tbeHl with tin inevitable r.ohbVi-.ilt h'Mur, :iud the low. blue wrCAtl'.S oiSViVoke from pipes or cigars rolled la/.ily up among tin; rafters of the tent; (which was a frame one), and escaped through the large apertures left in tho gables for the purpose of ventilation. Behind tho bar counts v, a rough erection, covered with zinc, stood Kate-, attending With compoauco and waseto tli'e v-?.ntt'o£ ten or a dn?.en m,ire of het friends, who lounged around. More Vne\i hUngaround the entrance, ; or s^iSat'tcd 011 cases or kegs that lay against i tfnu Wall of the building ; . there might be thirty in all, mo3t of them talking or laughing, or doing both, and making (v very babel of noise, . It war a queer sceiliH And ih the sjaithg light afforded,by i\ (Joiteh big oil lumps, slung i',r i'taiiding here and there, it at first ' bewildered me. When more at ease I met the handsome eyes of Kate fixed on me with something of curiosity, and liyun^titrod'j^ed me with a sort of half-nro'ctitVig deprecation that made the Woftftii'B eyes snap dangerously. 1 i 'vioaxed him over to save me own bacon,1 ho said, when ho had named me. 1 Gar I you nearly snapped me head off at sundown, Kate; but, sure, you couldn't be cross with me after bringing yru such a handsome young bunk tin my mate, Percy Butt. And wb'VS T6fb .tTie uniforms behind* Jvatft, lbfe darlita'', to plaso you.- , , vi ' Ko thanks toyou fjit that', Jack ifyan. The uniform would sti'nd 'k geba "hance of being takeh oH your u'aok if it was reported of tl\at you took it into a shanty.' 1 Faugh !' Ryan said, contemptuously ; ' you have no informers round you, lvate. Give us a wet, like » lady.' ' Who's that bilking of informers ?' asked a slow, distinct voice that came from behind, I looked round and flaw the dark fact) Of a irood-lookiug man of thirty-fjVo or So turned towards Katw, Waiting for an answer, as it wetGi while ho held in olio hand the cards he had just been dealt, aud in tho other a cigal'v from whieli the smoke was csoapin" in lightly wreathing eonvolutioilSi whjtih he broke With a sudden 4aB^ °f thte Vrell-sha^e'ct hand as he repeated his 'queShoil lilofe drawlihgly. ' Who's talking of inform'era'V • 'There's ho oiie talking toj-oiv, at all events, I)ark j^e'ccitiin s« you can attend to your owii b'islHess, if you please.' ' And not spoil sport, eh ?' sneered the man, with a mocking glnnco at me. .'Anew mouse in your trap, my dear ?' Charming— always charming, Kate Juniper ! Hearts r»ro trumps, eh, Loder V ' Oh, man, hearts aiS'Always trumps ! It's yoUr lead-.' t si.# the angry blood rush up to the roots of Kate's dark hair, but she made no reply. Handing Ryan his drink, she quietly pushed a bottle of claret towards me, and, placing a tumbler and basin of lump sugar beside it, motioned me to help myself. ' I always give my boys soft drinks,' she said, with a faint little smile, as she lec the large dark eyes rest on mine for ever such a little time ; ' it's better for them. Help yourself, Mr. Butt.' 'Milk for babes !' cried Ryan, as he lifted his spirits to his lips. ' Arrah musha ! Here's to you, Kate !' I had drawn out. my purse to pay for the drinks, but lvate quietly waved it aside. ' I never tako pay from a policeman,' she explained, with a little archness; 'it wouldn't be safe ;' and there was a laugh from those who heard and understood. I felt the'blood mount into my face now, and would luive given five years of my life to have owned a big beard like Ryan's to cover some of my blushes. ' If I can't pay, I don't drink,' I said,! pushing the glass away ; but Kate's brilliant eyes did the business easily, as she sa'd, in a low tone, as if for my own ear—'Don't be silly ; it's tho custom of tho place. Let me mix it for you.' There are worse drinks on a hot night than good claret with lump sugar in it, and even to this day I never sec it without thinking of Kate Juniper's well- shaped hands as they hovered ovor my tumbler blending the snowy sugar with the rich purple-red of the wino. I can't say that I enjoyed myself much that night. The folks were all strangers to me, and I felt oppressed by my youth. Ryan fell in with some old diggings friend, and got into a corner with him. Everyone seemed to bo talking together, and tho no>so was dis turbing to me, though the mistress moved ! among her bottles with tho quiet composure of a lady in her drawing-room. Sho was certainly £ar superior to her surroundings, and that she had refined tasto her plniness of dress evinced. Evon then jl observed the absonce of ornament onher person as something uncommon, and I often afterwards reflected upon this when in presence of persons engaged in tho saino business loaded with easily acquired jewellery. In thoso days lucky diggers were so lavish of their gifts that it was no very uncommon thing for a woman to twist a coil of small nuggets two or throe times round her neck, and I saw a woman once -with a ring cn her forefinger that turned the scale at two dunces. Kate Juniper had not a single ring on her hand, or even a brooch at her throat. 1 had been in tho tent a good bit, smoking and watching quietly as I finished my clarot, when there was a new arrival ; a fair, hand some chap, of about my own age, camo into the tent, and, with a smi.lo that lit up tho sunniest face I had over seen, doffed Ilia ■white flannel cup and approached Kate. ' My dear boy, you may look out for squalls to-night — there's a new and successful candidato for your lady's fickle favor,' a sneering voice spoke, quietly, and the hand some man-they called Dark Deccatur turned mockingly toward the bar S3 if to note the reception of hirn with t^.c 'deepest interest. ' Ic was that u£ nn.elder sister, no more—at; most', a loving and devoted elder sister, and' I repeat this, as I often have had to -repent it, with a full knowlecjgo .of the after events: having reference to flip ' Tragedy at Ti-tree.' No matter what wns said) ot vyhftt may have been believed, therp \'v.*a iW sin in the love of Rate Juniper for Charlio Gold. ' N*-Thy, Charlie 1 Where are tho dogs?' one of the men laughingly asked him, and he glanced rather sheepiskly at Kate as she answered— ' Kate told mo sho'd poison the poor follows if I brought them again, ai\d t Expect | the tent will lie in tasters Vvho'ii I gut back.' 1 Fou're faateto'i 'titotn up }' ;_ ' As .Weil as I could. Bv Jove, hero's SpriVig 1' * The young fellow's fresh andh andsomc|facc flushed up to liia fair, wavy hair as a yellow Mid white kangaroo dog bounded up to him, and, in spite of his protoatations, managed to lick his master's faco and hands a doSen times. It was as if the tireattirte ha'd said' plainly—1 As jf I cou'd. kept away from yo\i I4 j And fa to Coaxed the dog to the eq'iin'te'r lor half a dozen lumps of sugar out of toy basin. . ' I lovo that dog,' the strange woman whispered. ' How faithful he is !' Deccatur's harsh laugh rang mockingly through the tent, as he slapped his cards down on the bible, and turned round to look straight in Kate's face. j '1 Lovo nic, lovvi .my, d'(lg.\'M).,\Vo;shunted. \ ' KaV'u •y.oti;tf6t h Mjr, Qonstnblo Butt 11 tf you inVfin 3({irt .ouo atvonce, or you | wonlj ti^y'e half a chance with Madame Stars, and^tripes..'. > ... , I '/VVillvI iputithat fellow out for you, Miss Juniper 1' I asked hotly. ' You'll get plenty of backers if you do,' an athletic digger near mo said, coolly. 'Ah, no !' Kato answero»l, with a look of contempt that ought to have driven the fol low outofhorsight without any backing. 'Dark Dcccatur is losing at cards; let him alone. I like to see it, for it kills him to lose a shilling. You didn't pay uio for the last two dri»l*» you had, Mr. Deccatur.' 'I'll pay jut- aeoro nnd interest in full some day,' he-eaid, bet ween -his clenched tooth, as over my hands he tossed a couple of shillings. ' In the meantime, take pay for the two drinks.' ' ' Thank j-ou; there's a score of. principal and interest on my side, too, that- I'll pay some day, believe me,' Kate said, with a marked emphasis. 'And now attend to your game, Dark Deccatur, for my patience iB pretty nearly exhauated.' ' You have a trap near you,1 was the sig nificant response.' And she replied, simply—"Yes, 1 Will not forget.' Ryan and I returned ttt CMvtp Vieforo it •was very latcv, fttvd, s\b we occupied our, as yet, temporary couches, wo talked mostly of Kate, for I had a hundred things of her to ask and suggest and wonder about. Ryan was quieter than ever I had known him,. I think, and had evidently something on his mind. What it was I discovered befote Long. ' What does shv )yt llmt.'daiic fallow give her iiniAitlunc'e For I had aslce'd him, and ftyan rejjH'ed to me that the question would puitele, and had puzzled, some of her oldest ' friends. ' I only knew K-ito r>n Forest Creek, you know,' he went on, ' and this Deccatur wasn't there then; bat he wns on Barker's, itF.eems. I've heard a queer story to-night that I can't piece together nohow. You saw me talkiiig to a chap, didn't ycm, Putt?' ' ' ' His harno is Flynn. Ho says that Kato •was on Eaglehawk three years ago—in the very beginning of the gold, finds—and that she was a married woman, whose husband had de serted her just before Flynn knew her, and that she Ind a little child then that died, and was buried in the bottom ol Mn Stahtoh's rUlh1 .. ... * jPuUf.fe'jt** l' X Oitld; ) ■ t don't know so much about tlinfcj 'TSo Ryan's shrewd remark to lYiy pitying lone. 1 This Flynn tells me that her hugjjativl. was jealous of a moulded tni\r>. tv*vd wf.a license lijin.ti.nfr. BWlV, aid you ever hear of a fellow of our force vrho was lost from Eaglchawk about that time? His name was Craven.' 'No; I don't think I did. How was he lost V ' He rode out one morning from tha station and never came bnck. H}s horse .did before dark) and'.t tya's evident", ,frorp a (broken bit 'of ro'po.h'e had round his ..np'ck, (.\lijt the animal bad hnpi'i, rji'o .wwwlj^ ami broke'pWse, .Tbe^ ^'erb UboHsy about the i\ian cutl 5cr U.e norso and accoutrements 'Wte au right; but Craven never came homo.' ' Where did he go?' ' Don't I toll you ho was lost 1 No man to (his duv knows what became of him; he was never soon or hoard of since.' ' What nonsense 1 Someone must have seen him after he left the police camp.' 1 Ho went in the direction of the lead, and olie or tVtO diggers saW Kim riding up by Deer's Uully, and tliuught he was making fi r Mr. StantJn'a homestead. Ho was noVBt heard of again. I knoiY all this bcfol'6) but I heard Sotttuttiihg Hc\v to- Uiglit-.' 1 About CrtVen I' ' es. .Flynn. says that Koto's .hUsbanu Wa working at Stanton's, and that ?he had, a little, hut Juata't tho boiiri'aafey of tho rlih b^ Dc'ev's G ully. It Aeeiiis uiAt Tt'oop'er Ur&ven; had been seen at Kate's nut hioro than once, and Flynn always suspected that he may have been there that day.' ' Good heavens, do you know what you are saying man !' I cried, angrily, as I sat up in bed and stared at my cool mate. 'Are you accusing a woman like that of murder V ' That is not tho idea at all. Flynn always thought that Kate's husband might have a hand in it, though, for her sake, he held his tongue, and Juniper had cleared out from her just a little before. Then tho little boy died, and Kate was nearly broken-hearted; that ^as how she took up tho grog-selling business, he says.' I lay down in my bed again, and made no answer; the story I had just heard might or might not be true, butthero was undoubtedly a strange shadow and a strange quiet in the woman's beautiful face. It might be the shadow of some bitter memory. ' She is very fond of that Charlie Gold,' I said, at last, ' but I am sure that it is a harm less love, such assho might have for a younger brother.' ' Kate is imprudent,' was the wise roply, ' and too careless of the opinion of thoso she, no doubt, despises. I used to think on Forest Creek that she made favorites just out of devilment.1 1 Out of devilment ?' ' Yes, just to rilo people, and let them see how she despises their tongues. Disappoint ment and the want of sympathy often makes poople indifferent to the opinion of others.' I did not sleep that night as readily as was my wont, and tho face of Kate Juniper visited my dreams ; but I was up early enough to see tho sun riso above tho low spur of Cobavrong Range, and at that early hour tho woman I had dreamed of was hoisting the 'star-spangled banner,'after which she had named her restaurant. As tho flag floated wide and fluttering in | the morning air, lv-ite turned her eyes across to the station and saw mc. A friendly nod was all I got, however, for just at the moment a perfect stream of diggers, armed with picks and shovels, and on their way to their several claims, sot into the tont. Kate followed to supply their bibulous wants, and, whether in response to intuition or foresight, I went across and entered the tent also. Kate was serving a man who seemed in a hurry. I know afterwards that ho was a working mato of Charlie Gold, named Dann. ' Charlie will be waiting for me,' this man said; ' I mustn't delay.' ( _ 1 What sent Charlie to work so soon? Ivate asked, as sho handed tho mail his drink. ' A good prospect, Kate.,' was the half whispered roply ; ' wo saw gold in tho drift yesterdays ' Talking of drifts,' cried a digger who had just entered, as he planted his pick wrong end up in tho clay floor and sat upon it, 1 don't you think the creek's leaking against your claim V • Leaking ? What makes you think so ? ' I crossed over that way just now, and I almost fancied tho ground sinking just bolow your peg. I guessed I would see you hero, and meant to toll you. Don t you go down that shaft this morning, Dunn, until you have exatninod tho ground. ' My God, Charlie's down !' vras all Dunn said, as ho darted from the tent. In a moment thero was such a commotion as bewildered mo—men ejaculated, seized ■picks and shovels, and rushed from the tent. Following, I saw they were running round to the back, and whon I looked into the tent agair. Kate had disappenaod. ' What is it? What has happened V I asked of the only man who ivas left, and who was struggling into n boot he had removed for some re-arrangement-. 1 Didn't you hear ? Charlie Gold's claim is falling in, and ho is dpwn the shaft. God help the lad !. Curao tile boot !' and, frith a stamp.df the foot oil which ho hi'.d .dragged the rebellious boot-, (-'io bpcaT;b'r wont oil". Ton may be aWFe j followed him. • tjiiuied hy the running men, I soon reached the scene, on which was being enacted some [mug so serious c/iat every digger's faco wns blanched as ho looked upon it. Ju.it nb tllo point where Ckvrlm Wold's claim met the bnnk of thu creek the Water dtjpti, ,§*ritf the ground a;ind£ and trfiafcftero'As, tiiid .now: it was plainfy to he Sbcn that iho bank of tho e're'otc waa giving way so strangely, and in such a silent, deathly way, that tho ex perienced men around could riot at first suggest any explanation of the fact that gradually, inch by inch, the aoil was getting water-soaked, and slowly, but surely sinking. Tho tettlement had already crept nearly up to the windlass when I got there, end .ollly tho upper part of the eliiiiii was available to sltyid sniffy Wpon. ; Dunn, Charlie's mate, was at the windlass, with Kate Juniper, who would not bo kept back, beside him. I shall remember the agony in that woman's ghastly face while I live. Dunn lifted his hand. 'Frietids, stand back! you,can do no good here, and your weight may' hasten the collapse. Something is wrong with Charlie, fop.lie lias not answered mo. Me is.my rmUo, and I ain going doWh. Two volunteers for tho ttindlass.' ' You are going to your death, Dunn,' one ,man said, in a low tone; 'tho ground's caving in. visibly.' ' Onn friend to help Dunn at tho windlass ! I am going down.' It was Kate who spoke, clearly and steadily, as she deftly folded Ucr skirts round her and stepped into the bucket. ' Lower away, Dunn.' ' Kate, you are not able ! If he is hurt?' ' You are wasting time. Hush 1 I am strong enough. Lower away.' '> By this time I was at the other handle bf tha windlass. There were stronger hands than mine there, and as willing hearts, but no 6110 said nay, and 1 was first- I was rowarded by a grateful look from Kate's eyes as her white face disappeared down the shaft as Dunn carefully lowered her, while I obeyed orders and steadied the windlass. In one hand the girl carried a coil of light rope ; with the other sho gripped the rope to which tho big bucket was attached. There was a moment or two of silent, terrible suspense, and theh the bucket bad grounded, for the strain wns removed from the windlass. I have often tried to realise my feelings at that supreme moment; but I cannot recall them. I ohly kilow that t was terribly afraid; thntigH t ltit ho btio kutjw it. YoU could haV-e hoard a pin drop aS that in stant on tho subsiding claitn. ' Kate!' Dunn called down the shaft, 'how is it ' Charlie's insensible.' Then there was a littlo pause, and then Kate's cleat' Voice called out—1 Haul Up ! vo\ry Carefully.,' Veiy cat-eluily iiideed Dunii aild I did as wo we.ire bid; and Moll i^ie&'ied tiio litnp foHii of. tiio poor young digger, whom the bravo girl had managed to atFach to the rope in the shaft by a line under his armpits, which she had carefully padded with her petticoat. There was a subdued cheer, and forgetting Relf- preservation, half a.dozen pair of hands helped to lift Charlie out of tho shaft ant1 carry him back to the safer ground. ' Mate,' whispered Dunn to me, as he dropped the relieved rope into the shaft again, and hurriedly lowered it, 'the poor girl i.i lost! Look back at tho ground ! h nto! for the love of God don't wait to hook on the bucket—the claim is sinking fast!' Ay, it was surely sinking fast—I felt it shuddering under my feet, and there .v.is a widening crack within half a' dozen feet of the shaft. A minute of agony; ahd ihen, with a Weight oh the rope; wo woUnd at the ttlhdldss—fritll dtojlpihyt S'.v'eab that ft as hot tho elFects of our work, bufrof our tear—and then Kate's white face wan visible, was lpypj Witti the windUsS—Was aboVtS tile bucket visible ^iiay, foot was on the gr'dliiid Wtleh the windlass sank into a yawn ing space, and someone literally dashed me back to safer ground. I fell, and when I rose again I saw Kate being dragged from the debris, among which some of. her gar ments had caught, and there wns a ringing cheer that eol-oed for ill jibs sloriir the rough sides, of oldi Ti'-tree', and w to' fchw day remembered by those who heard it and livo to (recall (it.., j ■ , , ; , (. J3{iar)ie was carried liito liatb's place not uiucli the worse, but stupid and helpless from the eflocts of a blow on the head, as it seejned, As the young fellow afterwards ex plained, one of tho props had suddenly slewed and let one end of a cap-piece fall upon his head. It was, we knew, the first effect of tho sudden soakago of water into the claim. Thero was a babel of guesses and com ments on the whole thing when wo once more got into the tent and rocouped ourselves with strong drinks. Kate was unhurt, and served us, but with a strange terror still in her big 6WS; rtiiil a face as tvhite ns chalk. When the drinks niid talk wfefe eihaustod in reason; the men; almost ih ii body; rbliirned to examine the claim. . this timeisbth# #hb frferb not there at tHfe resijub joiiied, iisj ninong tho rest my Bhum Ityan; and the ilian I knew as Dark DeccAtttr. I wAs relating the particulars to Ryan, standing on the hrm side, as near the lata shaft as I dared, and Deccatur was not far from us. ' The devil helps his own,' this man said, in his usual mocking way. ' And tlioro was a trooper in it, too,' he sneored towards me. 'By heavens! there's always a trooper in it wh sre Kato is !' 'Thetiooper isn't always murdered and hidden in a hole, though, Mr. Dark,' a fiorce impure urged mo to retort; ' but sometimes the dead come to light again.' The man glared at me viciously. 'If you've heen drinking too much of Kate's hard stuff, my young sprig,' Deccatur returned, with his keen eyes fixed upon me insultingly, 'you'd better take her advice and stick to the soft stuff and sugar. What the devil do yon mean about your murdered troopers ? You'd better let men alone, my pretty greenhorn,' and, without giving me time for what would most likely have been an intemperate reply, Deccatur turnod back towards Kate's tent. 'That's a dangerous, reckless man, I should say; and if I was you I wouldn't get into tongue-wagging with him.' Ryan gave mo this bit of advico just na a few of 'lie mon who had been examining the subsidod claim camo back. They stopped at the place where the shaft had boen, but whero now was a yawning, ragged hole nearly full of water. ' I don't think anyone will over bo able to work that ground again without machinery,' 0110 digger observed, as ho tossed a stone into the water; ' though the shaft's clear yot, for that stono has gone straight down. What do you think about tho job T ' I. think that it has been a job, and if I knsw tho man that did it I d lynch him with my own hands ! The creek has been turned into the claim by some dovil on purpose.' And that seemed to bo the general opinion. It was openly discussed that night in the Star-spangled Banner, though I could not hear that anyone shared my own suspicions of Dark Deccatur. The man, strange to say, in spite of his abrupt and sometimes in Bulting ways, was a sort of favorite with the diggers, who were wont to say he was not so bad as he madoboliove to bo; and thero wore many who could toll of a helping hand from Dark Deccatur when they had been in need. A very strange confidence was placed in mo that night by Ivato Juniper—a confidence I was proud of then, and am .proud of to this day. I purposely went over before the diggers had left off work so that I might have a quiet moment to ask her if she felt no bad effects from tho bravo exertion of tho morn ing, and how Charlio Gold was. She was Bitting at tho end of tho big table as I entered tho tent, with her elbow on it, and her dark head resting heavily, J. thought, against her open palm. Her black dress seemed to have takon, somehow, a heavier fold, and thero was cortainly a despondeney in her whole attitude, that was repeated in tho large, melancholy, dark eyes a3 she lifted thorn to mo; yet she denied that she felt any tho worse for tho morning's work. 'No,' sho said, 'I am nono tho worse, and Charlio has gono homo almost quite well— thank God for that. I am low-spirited, I grant you, and I know that, although I am safe now, my work in Charlie's claim this morning may cost, mo my worthless life.' ' Kate, what do you mean ?' '1 can't, explain yet. I am glad you have come over, for I was thinking haw I could manage fi few moments' with yvu alone. Percy, I have a trust to confide in you. Can I trust you V M ' If you doubt me do not do bo,' 'I do not think I.need doubt .you,' and .her eyes, questioned . mino eagerly; 'you .faced death with me to-day at the claim, for you were in quits bs ni'.ich'i tlangot lis 1, 1:1)0ugh Vou did nOt think sc. I want to leave a paper in your charge—a sort of last will and testa ment, maybo,' and she smiled sadly at me. 'I want you to promise me that: you will never break the seal until Ivate Junjpor is dead. Will you promise nio and keep your Word■„ » i Cettathly; jf ib (jUlcl $8 tiie.,least com- 1 .Sort tb y<?li. But what makes yon talk of a death that, please heavsn, is far away with your old age, 1 j. cannot tell you; ,it may be the nearness I felt to it this morning. But, no; it is not that—I am not going to turn hypocrite all at once—I know it is not that, but I have pre monition of death over me like a cloud ever since I saw one man's face, on the claim this morning. Don't laugh at-.me,' .'Laugh?, Gbd ioroid!; And yet, why should 1 not laugh "X\\)u have only to name tho man to mo, and by hook or crook I'll manage to put him in aafo keeping.' ' liush ! you don't know what you arc talking about, iou have promised as I wished. Take this.before anyone comes in, and put it'away where no one can ever get a chmco to see it but herself. You will re member your, promise—you are not to opon it while I live V . > ., |I .will keep it till I am an old man, Kate/ I laughed as I hurriedly stowed tho letter she gave me away, and without waiting to look at it. '• ■■■ ■« ■ 'God bless you, boy-—for you are littlo else! I don't think you will break your work; and, mind, it would bo a cruel thing to do — you would know it when it was too late.' ' I won't do it, Kate.' I 'I couldn't trust Charlie, for in his anxiety for mo ho would promise and then break his word to secure my safety some way. You havo more self-control, and you are a police man besides. Should the necessity arise, it would be your duty to act upon the contents of the communication I have given you.' » 'You may trust me, Kate. I will put it away and try to forget it until yoa ask mo for it, again. And. now, won't you tell mo what you have a dread of 1 Is it treachery of some kind ?' ' I can't tell you ; don't ask me.' ' I'm very sorry. 3ut you will not put yourself into any danger that you dread 1 You will be careful.' I My life ia not of much value to me, Percy! but it Would bo bitter, indeed, to kiuw that my enemy had triumphed over me. Oh, yes, I Will bo careful.' We had some further Conversation ere 1 Went across to damp for Ryan's suppnr, but at sundown, t hatched the proud figure stand1 ingby the flag-poib discharging heir reVolVer, as a signal of slihdofrh when tho redotb Waft hidden. It was the hst time that Kate Juniper did so. And here, tor the benefit of those of a younger rncp who may rliad this, Unacquain ted with the cUstotiis on tho long-ago gold digging^ let me explain that it was a bustotn with diggers to diabhtlrge, thbir firearms and reload tllbhi St night — rt fcUstbm that served, .the < double purpose of letting the dishonest among then! know that others Tyere armed to. defejid, jtheir gold from night prowlers; and ot satisfying themselves that the revolvers were in proper order, and had not been tampered .with, for fen- diggers carried their pistols with them to work. Thus it was that single-handed diggers —that is to say, ' hattors,' seldom camped far from store or shanty if they could help it. But one man with whom this story lias to deal had pitched his tent on tho other side of the creek, back of tho Star-spangled Banner, and in a nook so hidden by rock and under growth that he might as well have been milos from tho habitations of men so far as com pany was concerned. Neither Ryan nor I went over the road that night-, and we got to bed earl;y( talking) however; as was oiir wont, oVei- the sVetito of tho day or the tfotk of to morrow; and then it wap'then I suddenly asked Ryan if lie knew where Dark Deccatur xivisa. t . ' I felt rtdrri.T!' hin Hlar# to-day of chance; he is a hatter, and "works by himself. You can just see a corner of his tent from the roof of the stable; it is at the other side of the croek, among the trees. What made you ask 1' II don't know; I was thinking of his in sulting face;' • ' It's a very handsome face," but 1'jfe seen it look very gloomy sometimes. There was a pha,p telling nib tb-da^.tHat he thought Dec catiir was haunted,1 for he had b'ee^i passing his tent by accident one night ana heard him shouting like a madman. I told him that I had noticed how heavily Deccatur drank and that I wouldn't wonder if he got a fit of blue devils before ho stopped.' ' Thcro'8 some mystery about that man,' I persisted. ' There's a mystery about every man,' Ryan 1 lughed. ' What mystery was that I saw you locking up so carefully awhile ago, eh, Butt'I A love lettor, wasn't it ? Oh! we all have littlo mysl ories of our own, mate, and they sometimes turn into ghosts to haunt us.' ' You ought to have been a parson,' I said, sulkily, as a wind up, for I had no idea ho had seen hie locking Kate's deposit in .toy desk, oiit of which I determined it should come to morrow to be carried more safely on ray per son. Alas ! alas ? that to-morrow on Ti-tre !' It seemed to me that I had only just fallen itsiee-p wh?n I was aroused by a knocking at our door, but a glance jit, the \Vitulott told pis that the sun was up. Ryan, too, wa§ awake, and shouted out— * What's up ? Who's that knocking V 'It's me, constable — Brown, of the 'Banner.' Will you get up, for God's sake 1 There's something wrong with Ivate.' ' Something wrong with Kate !' I was out of bed and dressed in a very short timo, and Ryan was quite as prompt." When I opened tho door the man Brown came in. It was tho man who, with his wife, were sort of factotums and guardians of Kate Juniper. He looked white and ill, and frightened as well. ' What is the matter 1 What's wrong with Ivate ? 1 Sho has disappeared, Mr. Ryan, and we're afraid ! I'm hardly able to stand with the sickness myself, but it's the fright that will kill me.' ' Can't you speak out and tell us what has happened, man ? What are you afraid of V ' Kato has disappeared out of the tent and is not to bo found anywhere and there's tracks of her feet down to Charlie Gold's swamped shaft.' ' Do you mean that she s made away with herself 1' ' Good gracious, how do I know what has happened 1' tho man cried, distractedly. ' Will you come over and see tho missis ?' It was Ryan who had questioned the man, for I was too horrified to speak. I remem bored Kate's words and trust of yesterday, and wondored if it could bo possible that, | after all, she had then made up her mind to destroy herself. Tho horror of an unsneak able dread was upon 1110, but my mate's inattcr-of-fact common senso relieved me. ' What would alio drown herself for? Non sense ! Go on over, and we'll bo after you. Drown herself, indeed ! Kate Juniper was no coward ! Come on after this fool, Butt.' Wo went across and listened to the story of Brown and his wife, upon both of .vhoni I could see that Ryan looked with suspicion while he listened. Something as follows was what lie heard :— Kate slept in a small room at the back part of fcho tent that was used as a kitchen, and this room was the only one under the scat tered roofs of tho Star-spangled Banner that had a door with a lock and key. Mrs. Brown had been in tho habit of sharing Kate's bed, but had not done so on the pre vious night. ' I was undressing to go to bed, she ex plained, ' when Brown called mo, saying ho was bad with cramps, and wanted mo to make up the fire and get him something hot. Ilia bed is in the big tent, and I had a b;ul time with him nearly all night. When I found how it was going to be, I wont in to Kate and told her to go to bod and lock the door, for I wouldn't bo in again, as Brown was so bad. I thought no more of it when I got up this morning, only wondering she was not out, for poor Kate was always bright and early; and when I went in and saw tho room empty, at first I only thought she must be in tho bar.' ' And what mndo you change your mind 7' 1 Tho bodclothes wora partly dragged off, and one of tho pillowR was lying in the middle of the floor.' ' What was the doing when you saw her last V ' Sho was stretched 011 the bed with her clothes on, and her arms croased-liko ovor her head. Sho only said—' All right, Ann.' Kate was not a woman to talk, but a great thinker, especially of a night. I've often seen her lie undressed on the bed half the night; and thero was a great oppression 011 her all day yesterday.' ' We'll go to the room,' said Ryan. And, like a mun in a nightmare^, I followed hirh. Wo went out to the back of the promises, where was the little additional tenement in question—a calico tent, of small dimensions, partly slabbed up, arid with a light, un paintcd wooden door. This door was locked at tho time vre reached it, but Brown said It had been unlocked until he fastened it an | hour .previously'. There was .another entrance to the little plaoe through the i kitchen. . . • 1 There was something terrible to mo in the look of that disorded room. It seemed as if in the very pillow lying half- doubled up on the floor, and in the blankets half-dragged from the bed, there was a certain story of death, and death by violence; and I said so j^o Ryan, who, if he ciincided with me, was n it disposed to acknowledge it, ,, • ' Look here, Butt (' ,he Raid, as he went in to the kitchen, ' what or* eftrUv. is tlio rise. of jumping at the very worst conclusions'? There are a dozen ways of accounting for the dis order of that bed. Suppose, now, that wo consider one—Charlie Gold might have been taken worse in the night and sent for her in a hurry. At all events, no one knows that she has not gone to Castlemaine or England. By gar ! you can nover lay out to a certainty what any woman will.do. . ' Ah 1 Mr. Ryan,' Mrs. Brownpiit in', ' no wotilan Would go oil a':'journey without her sho6s, at all events. There is nothing of her clothes missing eifhorj I've Iboked to that.' ' No shoes 1 Well, maybe 'twas boots then ?' persisted Ryan, s ' All she had is here except the old slip i pera slie had on lying down la^fc night. Sho couldn't go far with them.' ' She went to the flooded shaft with them. I'm as sure of it as if I had seen her doing it 1' Brown, the husband, cried. ' If she did, she never went of her own free will then,' retorted the wife. ' Kate was a religious girl, though you mightn't think it; I knew her better than you, and she was the last one in the world to throw her poor soul in her Maker's face.' We drifted down to Charlie's claim, Ryan, of course, leading. It had fallen in a little more, but without, as it appeared, encroach ing on the shaft itself, though the approach to it looked decidedly dangerous within a radius of a dozen feet, and the traces of feet Brown had spoken of were in no place visible to his great discomfiture. ' They were there an hour ago as plain as plain. Ask the misses—sho saw them; but I guess they were in the dew only, and now the sun's hot on the claim.' 1 If the poor soul is down that shaft., it'll be a job to get her out of itj the weight of a couple of men would go far to set the whole claim down. What way was she dressed, Mrs. Brown V ' She had a black print on, with a bit of a lace collar and a little bunch of grass flowers pinned to it. Poor Kate ! she neVef cared for brooches, though she might havo worn doiiene of them if she wished; but she was as fond of bits of 'shiferj- grass and the like as a child.' When Ryan had saddled li {torse, and ridden Sway; lei satisfy himself that Kate j(ifiiper tfsts fcOfc.tW Be hedrd.of in sdmo other part of Ti-tree, I left tlio; diggers (who had b'y this time heard of Kate .being missing, aridwere coming by ones and twos and half dozens to search and question) and crossed to our camp. I wanted an opportunity for quiet consideration as to whether or not the time had arrived when I might open the paper Kate had entrusted to me. I had promised faithfully that I would not do so Until I was certain of her death, and as yet there was only a suspicion of it. Still, there was more than a possibility that harm had come to the poor waman, and the con tentsof that paper mightsaveniuch trouble and speculation by letting us know'if shehad really ititetided suicide, and how she meant to com mit it. Oh the other handj if Kate should walk to that flag-staff, which T ritJuld see from the spol.oif fthicn I gtoody and at the Usual hour set lib'r tfo«nM afloat .oft the evening breeze, how more than sii$ I shb'nld ftel if I had-unnecessarily violated her confidence. : But as £ often the case; my decision was forced. <J list SB I feia decided on leaving Kate's deposit unopened, CharliS £old hastily came across from the claim, and, with his handsome young face ghastly white and grief-stricken, he held something in his band, qn which the lad's tears were dropping as he dashed his h!and across his eyes to' hide them. . t ? There'^ no doubb now, Butt,' lie said ; ' this has iloiitefl Hp ifi otir shaft. Little I thought when Kate saved my A:8 y^'stferday thftt she would go back to her own death in !b !' And pharlie was compelled to give way to his grief. , . If was a little bunch of udK^ririg grasses, tied togethor with a scrap of silk, that tho young fellow had put into my hand. With out a word I went inside, and, taking out Kate's envelope, broke the seal, with hands that trembled so much as to obligo me to pause a bit ere I attempted to read tho words that were before my dimmed eyes. The communication was all on one sheet of letter paper, and was written in the neat, cramped hand of a woman whose practice with the pen had been limited. I give it to you as she wrote it, with the exception of a man's,liame, which I leave to bo told later oh. Thcr!: witf ho drftkj and no signature but' Kate':— ' There is something hanging over hie this day that seems like a warning, though it may only bo from a sorb of fear I have felt eter since I saw. that map's face, with murder in his eyes; as I,left the shaft where I saved my poor Charlie this morning. He has always been jealous of me. It was th tough jealousy of me he killed pooi1 yoiing Craven at Eaglehawk. I am telling this now tscause no one will see it unless I am dead, and so that he may suffer at last if my death should lie at his door. Jack Craven came to my hut one day at Stanton's Run, near Englehawk, as he had often done before, poor fellow, wUh no harm in it, and the man I named was hiding, watching him. I saw poor Craven murdered on my own floor, and I saw him buried in it, where his bones will be found to prove it, and it was Jack Juniper did it. How could I hang the father of my little son, that was alive then? I couldn't, and swore to him to keep the secret, on condition that he never made any claim to me again so long as he lived. I have kept my word, and no man ha3 guessed that it is he ; ho is well disguised. ' But lately he has threatened me time and again, because he says there is another man wants killing, and, somehow, I feel I am doomed. But I havo sworn that, if he takes my life, I shall have justice when I am dead. Percy Butt, if I am found dead, search my body well, for in the agony of death itself I will not forget to hold proof of him ! If I should have to tear the signs of his crime with my teeth I will hold them till death stiffens my grip on them ! You are but a new friend, Percy, but I charge you to avenge me on my murderer if I am murdered. God bless you always, and don't forget to say a prayer sometimes for poor Kate.' I folded up the document, and put it in my pocket-book carefully. It would be neces sary to show it to Ryan, but not just yet. From the moment I read it I had no doubt that tho man mentioned in it had murdored J poor Kate. T could fancy the sceno which had left her bedroom in such disorder—the stealthy w.iloh and approach of the murderer, and the sudden attack that had left such disorder round the bed. He had gripped her by the throat, or smothered her with the pillows, and then carried her to the shaft. Poor Kate ! had sho time to keep to her determination ? Should we find on herbodv some clue to the murderer's personality ? But rovonge, or, rather, justice, was certain without that. _ Kate's written words would doom the villain. When I went outside the station again Charlie Gold had gone, and I saw a crowd of men gathered round his claim. A ' whip' lrid been rigged, and, as I afterwards dis covered, rough grappling irons had been hxed up, and by tho help of long poles dropped into the d.'in^orous shaft. Vainly at first. W hon I got across tho men were watching the third effort with bated breaths, and it was successful. Poor lvato Juniper! She wan laid on the big tablo in tho bar and it was with tho front of the tent shut down, and tho weeping Browns in the kitchen, that I handed Ryan Kate's document. Tho contents dumbfounded him, but not for long—ho was toe practical for that. 1 If she has kept her word, well hang the villain he cried. ' Now for a search i Man, get out of this with your white face, for any sake ! A pretty police man you'll make fur sre.' I took him at his word, and left tho tent and Ryan to his search alone, but, for all tint, there were long months pissed before that poor girl's dead face ceased to haunt me by day and by night, I had only to shut ray eyes and see tho white face, the Ion" drip ping, unbound, black hair, the white clenched teeth betsveon the stiff, colorless lips, find J. can see them rill yet when I have a mind to. 1 wag not long in the fresh air when Ryan came out and joined me. He looked serious but triumphant. ; ' By gar ! the poor soul was a brick !' ho said, with energy, (is he laid r)bout two inches square of a check.'pattered cotton , material on his sleeve. 1 She has torn it out of the villain's sjecve with her teeth, and closed them pn it when she died ! Have you seen liim to-day at all? 'No.' ' I did when I was down at the black smith's getting the irons.' ' Did he know ? What did he say ?' 1 Know 1 By gar ! I should he did! He laughed at the idea of Kate being dead, and said it wag justl.ikq h$r to.,start,offf}n a spree to .Casjtletiiaine witliolifc telling H soiil;' i The villain I You may say that', but he said more. Ha asked if Constable Butt had disappeared, too, for Kate had always a weakness for good looking young bobbies. When he s;nv what the irons were for he said that the first man that tried that ground had belter m:\ks his will before he put his foot on it, for there wasn't a sound spot in Gold's claim.' 'I dare say. he knows best, Lhave np doubt.ibut that it was lie who turned the creel*into the grotnidl' • Neither have I.' ■' • What had we best do, Ryan V ' I've been tliiriking: Take yotir horse aiid ride out towards. Ca3tieroaine ; it lies watch ing, lii'll tliihk you have gone for the coro ner. When yeu get round the hill, dismount and tie up the nag ; then get over the spur to this side of the hill behind hia tent. I'll go down to his claim and see if he's in it; but if he's not, it's near dinner time, and he may go .home. Between the two of us we'll surely nab him, unless he takes to the bush, ' He'll take to no bush, Ryan. He hasna idea of Kate's letter, and thinks himself safe from suspicion.' ' Maybe bo ; but a murderer's conscience must prophesy sometimes.' With a few more words of arrangement, Ryan and I parted, and in a very short time I was following his instructions so far as to be riding on the Castlemaine-road on my well-trained Yino; but, instead of quite rounding the spur of the range, I tied the horse up in a patch of bush on our side of the hill,and made rny way back under the ridge and in the shelter of trees and under growth and rocks. More than an hour and a half had elapsed ere I gained a coigne de vantage, from whence I could see down upon the valley of Ti-treo. It was a beautiful, sunny day, with a fresh, cool breeze playing, that caught the many-colored tent flags, and set them flutter ing fitfully, now and then spreadine some bit of bunting broad and wide, and anon letting it drop again limply. The scene held a terrible sadness for me, and my grief was accentuated when I saw that some thoughtful hand had dropped the stais and stripes to half-mast before tlio tent where poor Kate Juniper lay cold and dead. Aa my eyes turned sorrowfully from ths sad BCeno, they, were caught by the figure of a mail who had crossed the creek and was making his way up towards me. Many -•> (nail -ffaa m'otmg tentwarS for his noon meal, but I knew this one iiisfantly. It was Dark Deccatur, and he wa3 coming up to his tcntj that was within a dozen yards of where I was hidden. He stopped on the brow of the rise and looked back. Was it at the tent where Kale lay, or the shaft she had been drawn from ? He looked a fine btiild of a man as he stood here, where I could scs the strong j aw and the clenched fist; but lie was Jiot physically strong, after all, or the sweat would not have been dropping from his brow on that cool day from the simple exertion of climbing the riso to his tent. After ft moment's pauso he turned to the tent, untied the flap, and went inside, mity to emerge almost instantly with something ■ rolled t(f> ;ii Ms hand—a something that he laid' down oh the ul- log ngainst which were fhfi' (^fte3 Of his last fir0r where he sioojwa to make a&clber.; There were plenty of ready : bits of dead leaf autlbranch, and he drew thcni togetherere he set a mate?! to-them, and pilea d(i Sore substantial wood ore he slang his billy over the rend}' hook. I was di'.rting towards him as his hand was ontstretehed fjr wliae. he had left rolled up on the big log, when 1 was anticipated. Ryan came bounding up tlio rise, and joined Dark Deccatur. '"By gar ! I'm lucky to catch you, Deccatur. j want you on the jury. There s a lot oS felJriws hartdy, I know, but there s not many willing to ssrve. ."Sou won't have any ob jection, will yoil V . The man was startled an3 frightened, too, by Ryan's sudden appearance; but he was no tioftardy and kept a hard grip on himself. 'Jury f tit) asked, with a frown of doubt. ' Arc you ciiafiio^ me, or have you really found Katti dead ' Yes; in Gold's shaft.' ' My God '.' Yes, he could use the awful name, and feign a horrified look, while his hand still stretched toward the article on the log, to wards which I saw well that my mate's sharp eyes were directed: and ho could pretend his igncnuice of detail, and ask for particulars ns he pushed the thing he wa3 so anxious about into the very centre of the blaze. In sefcond that bla2e was scattered far and wide, as Shaft's vigorous foot kicked the fire abroad atid Boi7ied the little bundle, scarcely singed. ' What the devil do you irifinii by that? the man roared, though a white, ghastly fear blanched his dark face. ' I want a shlitbadly,' Ryan replied, as ha beckoned to me, ' and I couldn t think of letting tot3 be so extravagant. John Juni per; I arrest yon for the double murder of Constable Craven and your wife, Kato Juni ^ ' Tho man is mad!' he said, in his old sneering way, as he looked viciously atRyan from under his dark browB. 'My name m not John Juniper, and 1 never had a wife. Give me my shirt you fool. 'You're S cool han3, Jnniper, but the game is up. Kate ^ brought back from her watery grave a tit that will fit into that hole,* and Ryan held up the torn sleove of the checked shirt. ' You should have burnt that shirt last night—it's too late now. 'Is it? It was well for Ryan that I was so near, or he would certainly have swelled the list of the villain's victims. Juniper had him down and his knees were on Ryan's chest, his fierce fingers round Ryau's throat, even be fore I could utter a cry; and I did not wait to do it, but flung myself upon the wretch and relieved my mato. Even then it was a strugglo to overcome liim, but at last he wa3 securely handcuffed. I need not follow the sequel.^ Many old diggers will remember poor Kate Juniper, though under another name, and the man who was hanged at Castlemaine, under an other name also. The remains of tho mounted man Ctaven, who had been so long missing, wore found, as Kate had written, under tho floor of her old hut near Eaglcliawlc. A noteworthy circumstance was that Charlie Gold joined our force not long after Ti-tree rush was over, and is still in it, and the father of a large family. I have often wondered if the fact that poor Kate had a weakness for the uniform had not something to do with Charlie's choice. Our. Istebsal Sua ah Manufactory.— That tho, liver is instrumental in the manu facture of sugar from other substances was I indicated by Claude Bernard as long ago as 1848\. He found the blood of the hepatic ! vein, which leads from the liver, to be rich in sugar; whilst the blood of the portal vein, which leads to the liver, contained no sugar, or only very small traces of it. He further discovered stiaar in tho livors of animals which were fed entirely on meat, and con cluded that, as the blood entoring tho liver contained no sugar whilst that leaving it con tained a large proportion, sugar was normally formed in the liver. Later en, he found in tho liver itselfj a'substance [which closely re sembled sugar in the arrangement of its ele ments, and was easily changed into sugar under the influence of animal ferments, such as are found in tho various juices in the system. This substance was named glycogen, and he said that round it centred the forma tion of sugar in the liver, for the transforma tion of glycogen into sugar was tho result of a fermenting secretion in tho liver. Thus tho hepatic vein carried the sugar loaded blood to the inferior vena cava, which conveyed it to the heart, where, in the ordinary course of circulation it was transferred to the lungs to bo burnt up and consumed, in the coursc of which heat is given oft".—" Baby ; the Mothers' Magazine." Mrs. R. says there is such a scare now about typhoid, that she always tikes a tin of disconnecting fluid about, with her. She also says, a bottle of automatic- vinegar is very refreshing in church. 