?^rrmo . OKDINA^lON SERMONS . 7'r .. E d at St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, on December 18th, by he Venerable Archdeacon Cooper, of Hamilton. ' ;2 i'jiioTHY i. 7— 'For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but \- ,?;?'' of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.' Eevised Version reads — ' For God gave us not a spirit of fearfulness ; but of power, \- and love, and discipline' (margin, sobering). Wisely and well has our Church provided that upon the occasion of m ordination there shall be a sermon declaring tne'duty and office of ' ' :' .ucli as feme to be admitted to Holy Orders; how necessary those :.vlers p.- .... the i'hurch of Christ, and also how the people ought to ' I . ;te td ..?-,; ;.„ o admitted in their office. The tie between pastor and .5 j*5jp..i ? ;;; si i intimate, the relationship so close, it must needs be 'thai jii-uot.'. sides responsibilities are created and duties imposed. In se.eoting a t-xt which concerns primarily those who receive spiritual gifts at ordination, I hope so to dwell upon the pastoral office and the obligations connected therewith that the relative duties of the laity may be at least suggested. God gives us not a spirit of fearfulness. The great dignity and importance of the office to which we are' called, the tremendous responsibility laid upon us, the far-reaching effects of our work for good or evil, the awful issues at stake, the sense of our unworthiness, the. strength- of temptation, the malignant power of sin, the manifold forms of evil, the subtle devices of the great enemy of souls — all these may well make us pause, may well suggest the thought, 'Who is sufficient for these things?' But, my brothers, such knowledge of ourselves, our work, and our foes does not inspire the fear which carries with it a sense of reproach, does not lead to the cowardice referred to in our text. The presence of God, the indwelling of the Holy Spirit, must produce a feeling of awe. It will be with ' trembling rapture' that you will presently kneel while hands of blessing, hands of consecration, hands significant of the impartation of spiritual gifts, are laid upon your heads. Some of you may be naturally of a timid, shrinking disposition, as sensitive as was Jeremiah ; but if you are as truly called as he was to be Godjs prophet, you shall have a courageous spirit, which shall make you as 'an iron pillar, and as brazen walls.' No opposition of man or devil shall cause you to swerve from the path of duty, no influence which can be brought to bear upon you shall lead you to make unworthy compromises, no dread of worldly consequences shall tempt you to keep back any part of the whole counsel of God. After the example of St. John Baptist, you shall 'constantly speak the truth, boldly rebuke vice, and patiently suffer for the truth's sake.' Youth is no excuse for cowardice ; Timothy was young, and it was perhaps with some feeling of anxiety that St. Paul wrote to his ' dearly beloved son' to fan into flame the gift that was in him. There was need for holy boldness then ; there is need for it now. You are going forth to contend with mighty giants which ? stalk through the land defying the armies of the living God— giants like Avarice in its many forms of dishonest trading, oppression of the hireling, speculation, gambling ; Sensuality, a hydra-headed monster of luxurious living, drunkenness, impurity, sloth ; Lawlessness show ing itself in impatience of reproof or restraint, in deeds o£ violence, in organised terrorism; Secularism in a variety of phases, from careless indifference to blank atheism, ignoring God, and degrad ing man. These are some of the forces against which you will have to contend. Be brave, my brothers, for you go forth in the name of the Lord of Hosts. The weapons you wield may seem inadequate, but the pebble from the brook sped forth in the name of the Lord of Hosts will be more effectual than any armour with which a Saul would clothe you. Hand-to-hand conflicts require more courage than is needed to fit us to take part in a general engagement. It is comparatively easy to storm the castles of these giants in the abstract. We can bring all our artillery to bear upon them, and thunder away with brave words in opposition to and condemnation of sin ; but it is sometimes incumbent upon us to say with a Nathan: ' Thou art the man 1' or with a John: ' It is not lawful for thee to have her.' It is in personal dealing that true courage is necessary and must be displayed. Let us see to it that no point be given to the cynic's definition of the pulpit as 'the coward's castle,' by failure to condemn privately in the individual what we have fulmin ated against publicly in the mass. But, oh! what grace is needed here ! Not with a lofty air of superior virtue, not with a cold, hard, Pharisaic denunciation, not with a flippant disregard of age or sex, must this be done. Conscious of our own most grievous faults, knowing the proneness of the heart to evil, alive to the fierceness of the fires of temptation which some, men have to encounter, in deep humility, in brotherly sympathy, we carefully eliminate from our message every trace of scorn and bitterness, and in Christ's name, and for Christ's sake, urge the erring one to repentance. Meek as was Moses, yet withal Bold as before Agrippa, Paul. There are other departments of our pastoral work where, if we are not watchful, the Spirit of fearfulness will creep in. In ordinary visitation it should be our aim to gain fuller knowledge of the various members of our flocks, to understand their peculiar trials and needs, to find out their spiritual status, and then to minister to each of that which God has given to us. From lack of courage these visits may easily degenerate into mere social calls, and the time be frittered away in commonplace talk. We must observe the courtesies of social life, and should be interested in all lawful things which interest our parishioners, but let us never forget the great business of our lives, nor lose an opportunity of advancing our Master's cause. It is wonderful with what facility conversation upon almost any subject can be naturally turned into channels whence spiritual profit can be derived. ' They were afraid where no fear was' would often describe the true state of the case in the early career of many young ministers. We are apt to think it is presumptuous to speak to men older than ourselves, men of culture, men who have a full knowledge of the truth. Do they not know their duty ? could they not; in many ; ways teach us ? Yes ; and, depend upon it, they know what is oitr duty, too, and are just the men to remark upon the sorry spectacle of one set apart by solemn service to a most sacred office utterly forgetful of the responsibility laid upon him by his ordination. Doubtless; such derelictions of duty leave many a sting behind. We rightly upbraid I ourselves with cowardice, though we may endeavour to palliate our offence by specious excuses ; but, after all, timidity, not faith- : lessness, is the cause, and it is just here that we should remember ; that we stand not in our own strength, that ' Certainly I will ! be with thee' is a promise to God's ambassadors for all time, ; that the gift which makes; the weak strong, the timid brave, j the slow of speech eloquent, has been imparted to us, and when the emergency presents itself we have but to 'stir up the gift which is in us,' and then shall we do our duty manfully and well. i It will be found in most cases that our fearfulness is altogether | unwarranted, that our introduction of spiritual subjects is- heartily j reciprocated, and in most unlikely quarters we shall receive j encouragement. ' Far from receiving a spirit of fearfulness from God, He has endued us with a spirit of poiocr; this power is possessed by all who are \ themselves possessed by the Holy Spirit ; for this the apostles were to wait before entering upon their ministry. ' Ye shall be endued with I power from on high ;' ' Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you.' The demand of the day is for able men, for a powerful ministry. To meet this demand it is, without doubt, desirable that the choicest of our young men should be willing to con- j secrate themselves to the Lord, that such men should receive the \ best possible training, that they should cultivate to the utmost the intellectual faculties, have a broad, expansive grasp of many-sided j truth, foster in every way the growth of real manliness, cherish all ! the tenderer emotions, be touched with genuine sympathy, and be | imbued with the spirit of self-sacrifice; but the one indispensable requisite for a powerful, and therefore successful, ministry is the j power of the Holy Ghost. j What that can accomplish may be seen in the various departments of Christian life and work in the early Church. With what power ' Christ was preached by men who a few weeks before had denied, and forsaken Him ! And in the preaching of Christ now, what a vast \ difference is made by the presence or absence of this power ! We i hear from one the Gospel story told in well-cho3en language, upon j which evidently much thought has been bestowed. There is a ! musical cadence in the sentences, a richness of imagery, a wealth of j intellectual resource. Attention is arrested, admiration is evoked, .' approbation is secured ; but the conscience is untouched, and not a j ripple marks disturbance of the placid lake of self- satisfaction. It ' was all so 'faultily faultless, icily regular, splendidly null.' And ; the same theme is handled by another in rugged, perhaps disjointed, . sentences ; but we heed not the form in which the truth is presented, ; for a glow as of fire accompanies the words ; they are instinct with life; they throb with spiritual power, and soon hearts are thrilled, i and consciences are pricked, and souls .are stirred from the very depths, and men lay hold of God. In organisation and government, also, this power made itself felt in : the early Church. Foundations were .firmly laid, and upon them a j superstructure was built, which with but slight alteration has | remained to the present time. We, in a new country, have work of I this nature to do— not, indeed, to formulate a system, or to evolve ! principles, but to adapt our Church system to the varying needs, of i the land and people, and to apply the principles of our religion to the ! altered circumstances of the day. And if we turn from Church prin ciples to Church machinery we shall find ample scope for the exercise of power in the perfecting of our organisation, parochial, diocesan, and provincial. In these matters we look for and receive the co-operation of the faithful laity. Eegarding for the moment the parish only as that in which those about to be ordained will, in the first instance, have oppor tunities for the exercise of organising and controlling power, suffer me to point out how smoothly will the machinery of a parish work, how perfect will it be in all its parts, how almost impossible it will be for any department of Church work to languish, if in the drafting of plans, the efforts to secure helpers, the endeavours to maintain unity, the parish priest stir up the gift that is in him, and, guided by the Holy Spirit, act with that decision and confidence which the conscious ness of power imparts. But we see at once the necessity for a further gift than that of power. In the exercise of power we may be self-willed, arrogant, domineering ; and, therefore, blended with the spirit of power is the spirit of love. In love as well as in power we have a corrective of fearfulness. For love's sake what would not one dare to do ? The love, I take it, is love both to God and man. To God, begotten and called forth by His great love to us, in virtue of which we are con strained to dedicate all pur powers to His service; and to men, as bearing the image of God, as those for whom Christ died. The phrase, 'love for souls,' is in constant use, and there is always a.danger of such well-worn expressions becoming meaningless. I have met with men to whom 'love for souls' conveyed no definite idea, with others to whom it was but the equivalent for a sentimental flabby emotional ism. But surely there is a place here for healthy, vigorous love. That was no mere sentiment which caused the Saviour to weep bitter tears over doomed Jerusalem, but a deep-seated love which then realised its hopelessness. And did not the hunger for a soul He loved supersede the bodily appetite when He had meat to eat which His disciples knew not of? May we not see in everyone to whom we minister something so precious that we would fain win it for our Master, something towards which our souls go out hi yearning desire? In what light, my brothers, do we regard our congregations? As attentive audiences, as excellent supporters of the Church, as composed of men and women to be either patronised -or flattered ? God forbid ! Here are flocks to be fed and guarded, loved and led; here are sore hearts and troubled consciences, doubting minds and thirsting souls, and we, impelled by love, would, God helping us, be k of real service to them. Let but love go hand in hand with power, I and many souls shall be brought into obedience to the will of God. \ Our text reminds us of yet another gift which God deems necessary !A to the work of the ministry— a sound mind, discipline, sobering, as it \ is variously rendered. In ' discipline' the revisers seem to have \- purposely chosen a word which may be applied as much to the people ministered to as to the minister. Perhaps Timothy, by reason of liis sensitiveness and despondency, had been remiss in the exercise of discipline in the Church, and the Apostle would- therefore urge him not to shirk his responsibility in this respect. But it is more consonant with the spirit of the whole exhortation to take the word as chiefly applicable to Timothy's treatment of himself. God had given him the spirit of self-control, and he must stir up the gift. Now, while power may be arrogant, love may be lax, therefore as a governing, moderating, balancing force, the spirit of self-control is given. ' In the supremacy of self-control,' says Herbert Spencer, 'consists one of the perfections of the ideal man. Not to be impulsive — not to be spurred hither and thither by each desire that in turn comes upper most — but to be self-restrained, self-balanced, governed by the joint decision of the feelings in council assembled, before whom every action shall have been fully debated, and calmly determined— -that it is which education, moral education at least, strives to produce.' By the aid of the Holy Spirit given to ~you, cultivate this regulating power. You will set out full of zeal and enthusiasm, fired with holy aims, conscious of secret power, animated with fervent love ; and far be it from me to endeavour to check this quickened spiritual ardour. By all means bring it at once to bear upon your work, lest it be dissipated in sentiment ; but I pray you utilise the spirit of selfcon trol, or much of your energy will be misdirected, and there will be a want of proportion in your ministry. Study carefully the ministerial life of the Lord Jesus. We uncon sciously imitate those whom we admire : we all have our models, our ideals. Ought we not as the followers of Jesus to be so familiar with His method as naturally to adopt it in doing the similar work to which He has called us? Think of His courage, His true manliness, how everyone realised the presence of power in Him ! Yet how brightly His love shone through all, manifesting itself in the patience He exercised towards the ignorant, the obtuse, the backward ; in the tenderness with whichHe dealt with sin-stricken and sorrow-laden souls, in the gentleness with which He administered rebuke, and in the forgiveness of all personal injuries. Then what marvellous self control He exercised ! In Him we see the perfectly balanced nature. How may we attain to it? By fanning into flame the gift. that is in us, and this bj continual watchfulness, self-examination, and prayer. In rapt communion with God the dimly-burning fires will glow again, and we shall resume our work transfigured. A curious bequest is reported from Ireland. A lady named Ellen Blair has left the bulk of her estate, amounting to the not very munificent sum of £753 14s. 6d., towards the building of a church for the Protestants of the Church of Ireland 'in one of the most benighted, impoverished, and ignorant districts in Ireland.' Left to choose a district fulfilling all these qualifications, it is not surprising that the executors under the will have renounced probate. 