BRIC-A-BRAC. It is on the cards that an indignation meeting of publicans will shortly be held to protest against the spread of teetotalism, as during the last few weeks a hotel broker, a chemist, a carrier, a draper, and last but not least, an advertisement canvasser have all gone into the fold. They are trying hard to make another convert, but have not yet succeeded. But the Christmas holidays will burst up the show, and the last state of these teetotallers will be worse than the first. * * * A decidedly amateur performance recently took place at Broken Hill. It was so hopelessly bad, and the prompter spoke so loudly and so con tinuously, that the audience fairly howled with delight. As soon as the curtain fell the heavy tragedian who had attempted the light comedy part seized the dinner service which was used in the play and dashed every piece separately on the stage, then sallied forth to do battle with the ringleaders in the disturbance. In seeking a foeman worthy of hid steel he fell upon an undersized journalist, whom he assailed for the better part of an hour with abuse that savored of the Sydney rocks. The pressman's watchword was, however, peace at any price, and the professor of language gained a bloodless victory. He is now on the lookout for a well-known civil engineer and rival Thespian, to whose jealousy the guying was attributed. As the latter has the advantage of a foot in height, and is reputed to hit hard and straight when occasion arises, there will probably be no cases for the hospital. "Jfr "*■ It was an Advanced School miss who, when asked " Who was Cincinnatus V replied—" Some one who* ate pickled pork or a place where pigs were kept, I'm not sure which." It is very probable that the agricultural Roman senator did know something about pigs, though. * ■¥r Human Charades. No. 2. My first presents a welcome sight When, the day's work fairly done, One sees far off its gladsome light Taking the place of setting sun, For there one hunger can appease, And give his wearied limbs much ease. My second often through the night Is heard, now near, now far away, Preventing any sudden fright By those who otherwise might stray. My whole in politics you'll find, He does his best to keep them pure; One day should he be so inclined Some of our ills at least he'll cure. ; Answer to No. 1—Peterswald. * * * " Do you think that fellow is a liar V asked a man of a Yankee respecting a skipper who hailed from the land of wooden nutmegs, and who had been illuminating Port Adelaide intelligences with the narration of his adventures. " A liar !" retorted the person addressed. " Why, sir-ee, there isn't enough truth in the world to go round with him." * * * A week or so ago a man rushed excitedly into a country pub. His face was white, his eyes were staring out of his head, and he sank down on the bench in the bar a limp wreck. It was only after he had imbibed about half a bottle of brandy that he was able to speak. He had been going home—it was a moonlight night, and any object could be distinctly discerned—and was passing near a certain waterhole when he saw a white ghostly-looking object with arms extended wearing a hat, but having no face, just a dreary blank where the face ought to be. The onlooker was paralysed. - Presently he heard a sepulchral voice mutter, " Cold, cold," the arms of the figure moved convulsively, and as he turned to rush headlong away,' he heard a splash in the water followed by a hollow groan. This narrative roused up Mine Host's customers who had been feeling rather dull, and one man volunteered the statement that ten years before a man, name unknown, had been found drowned in the water hole. Some adventurous spirits, having obtained comfort from a barrel behind the bar, proposed that they should probe the mystery still further, and with the discoverer as a guide out they sallied. As they approached the hole, the guide stopped. "There it is," he exclaimed, pointing with trembling fingers. Sure enough something white was dis cernible. A hasty consultation was held. Some were for turning back to secure offensive weapons, one devoutly made the sign of the cross, but the majority decided to press forward. "Let's go together at a run," they said, and so it was. A few moments brought them up to the spectre, and just at this juncture a voice from the depths called out, " What the eternal Hades are you doing with my vermilion shirt V It was only old Bob, the boundary rider, who was enjoying the luxuries of his annual wash. How many ghost stories if properly investigated would have a somewhat similar termination ? * * A South Australian who went over to see the Cup run is very sore over the doings of a small vendor of newspapers, who pathetically entreated him to buy a paper to read on the voyage. Although well stocked with literature, he bought a Bulletin, having first satisfied himself that it was a November number. As the boat steamed from the wharf an indignant yell from the Adelaide man brought sympathetic bystanders round him, and when he had done cussing and became intelligible he explained that the little had sold him a Bulletin dated November 19, 1892 !! * * * "I feel as if I could cry," said one lady to another after church. " Why, because our beloved pastor is going away ?" " Not exactly that, but because he was going to sit at my table at the next tea meeting, and I intended to make some of those cheesecakes he praised so much last time. Isn't it provoking ?" * * * In a country town the boys had rigged up a " Try your strength " machine for the benefit of inquisitive strangers. The operator had to pull a handle, which was so contrived that it would come out with a run and land the luckless being on his back. There happened along a weedy looking man from the far away country, and when he had loaded himself up with tanglefoot his eyes fell upon the machine. " Try your strength," he chuckled. "I reckon I'm about the strongest man in this here part," and he squared his shoulders and approached the handle with a look of may-I-die-if-I-don't-bust-it in his optics. Poof. Away he went, nearly cracking the stone floor with his cranium. The boys roared with delight. Presently they changed their tune, and imagined they had encountered a blizzard. In ten minutes one of the cherubs was applying raw meat to his eyes, another was staunch ing the flowing claret with a towel, s^ill another was spitting out good sound wholesome buck teeth, while a fourth was making his way on all fours towards the back kitchen. Then the stranger stalked up to the landlord, and expressed a desire to test the strength of a certain barrel— and forgot to pay for the experiment. If you don't believe this call at a certain Northern pub within a hundred miles of Adelaide, and you will* hear further particulars. * * * " Gentlemen,' said the candidate for municipal honors, " I quite agree that our system of scavenging should be more systematic. To my* own knowledge there is rubbish remains in my house for days together." " Then why don't you fire yourself out," exclaimed a wag at the back of the room as he left to moisten his thorax. * # Another candidate also met with a rebuff at a meeting where he thought he would have things all his own way. " Gentlemen," he said " I am strongly in favor of Part XIX. I regard Part XIX. as the very crux of progressive legislation. The whole of our liberties are wrapped up in Part XIX." "I say," came the inevitable small voice, " never mind about Part XIX. The question is are you willing to part sixpence for two butchers ?" Then the candidate nearly choked himself trying to smile. * * * Still they come—these electioneering yarns. He was answering questions, and he said—" I am strongly in favor of having baths in the southern part of the city, of which I am a resident. Cleanli ness is next to godliness, gentlemen." "Well," piped the champion interrupter, "you don't look as if you knew much of either of your neighbors." And when the joke dawned upon the candidate he looked as if he would like to bury himself in a quart pot. * * The following is alleged to have occurred out in the suburbs. " Hif there his hany think that I can do for you, gentlemen, hin the Council, I will do hit. Hit will be my hendeavor to serve your hinterests. Hit halways as been my hendeavor, and hit halways will be. Hi ham a self-made man, and hit his my hambition to rise." " Well, there's one thing I wish you would do," observed a sad-faced ratepayer. "What's that?" joyously exclaimed the candidate. "Name hit and hit shall be done." " Well, give your aitches a rest. They must be tired with all that hitting?" * * * Just one more and then let us go out and— vote. It was on the subject of baths, and speaker was as warm upholder of Charles C.B. He worked himself up to a fine pitch of excitement, and he said—" It is proposed, gentle men, in these days of economy to authorise an expenditure which I regard as absolutely un warranted. We are asked to say that baths should be erected in South Adelaide. It would be a wicked waste of public money. Who has? asked for baths in South Adelaide ? Frojh whom does this contemptible proposition emanate % Who, I say, has asked for baths? Wb^ wants buths?" "You do," came the ready an&werja;^ a youth, as the speaker paused for a moment to glare around him, and he collapsed like a toy balloon which had made acquaintance with an intrusive pin. 