A YULETIDE EXPERIENCE. a p (BY Six GALAHAD.) S A1\1 getting an old man now. I have seen many s Christmas times come and go, and now, upon that peculiarly solemn time, Christmas Eve, I love to a call to mind the many ways in which I have kept up the happiest of all seasons-Yuletide. t One Christmas I remember in particular, as being c one of the jolliest I had ever spent. It was, in fact, my ideal of a Merry Christmas.. Imagine readers, a good old-fashioned farmhouse, splendid frosty weather, t skating and snowballs in abundance. I What more could a native of old England desire ? But this was not all. A few nice young lasses, as fresh as the country they lived in, and as merry as larks. In such company one would find it hard indeed t to be anything but cheerful. Then again, there were chestnuts and the Yule log, with story- telling round the fire, as well as all the 1 other accompaniments of an English Christmas. I was a young man then, and you know all young men are inclined to be romantic and unpractical; it is 1 different after we have been tossed about by Dame Fortune for half a century. Fact then takes the place of theory, and all our dreams and ideals fade before the unmerciful light of stern facts and the hard battle of life. At that timel I was also very superstitious. Well do I remember reading tales of ghosts and goblins appearing, and revealing to the fortunate one the secret of some undiscovered murder and buried treasure. How they used to fill me with -a- great ammtion to see the sna e o some e parted victims, who would unlock the gate of fortune for me. Little did Iimagine to what extent my wish was to be granted. This youthful super stition, being augmented by the recital of various ghostly tales, the truth of which was vouched for, the reader can form some slight idea of the feelings which possessed me,when, after all the other guests had retired for the night, I was shown into a typical medireval bedroom with its massive wooden bedstead, carved i all over with dragons' heads and other mythical I monsters. As soon as I entered the room a sort of + uncanny sensation took possession of me. Those vampires and dragons seemed endued with life, whilst I had a strange undefinable sensation of the presence of a living soul. At first I felt half inclined to go back and ask the friend whose guest I was to provide me with any room but that, but then again, thought I, "that would look like cowardice," and I had never experienced bodily fear in my life. Nerved with this resolve, I stifled my feelings, and, jumping into bed, composed myself to sleep. I had been asleep perhaps an hour, when I awoke from an horrible dream, in which murders, churchyards, and ghosts figured prominently. After this I lay awake, hardly daring to breathe, for that terrible feeling had again crept over me that someone was in the room. Then I became dazed, as though I hardly knew whether I was asleep or awake. At last I could bear it no longer, and was just in the act of springing out of bed, when I beheld a sight which transfixed me with horror. There, within three yards of me, with lured eyes, which seemed to pierce one through and through to the very soul, stood the figure of a woman. Quite young she looked-not more than 25 years old-and with a face surpassingly beautiful. Although I had read of ghosts as having a very vapoury structure, this one looked solid enough in iery truth, for I noticed that round her neck she wore a string of glittering diamonds, and, save for the remarkable brilliancy of her eyes, one failed to discover anything which savoured of the nether world. Yet, those eyes ! They fascinated me. I seemed utterly powerless beneath their spell. Probably you, my reader, will say that I am not the first one who has been made helpless by the glance from a lady's eyes, and you are right in saying so; but, if they possess such influence during life, imagine their ten-fold power when rid of the earthly casket and embodied in the spiritual one. Well, to resume. Those eyes so held me that, when the figure retreated to the other side of the room like a piece of steel drawn to a magnet, I was com pelled to follow. Touching the high wainscot with her white hand, a panel flew back as if by magic, revealing an opening, wvith stone steps leading to-it might have been the bottomless pit for aught I knew-I had to follow. Away we went, down, down, down, it seemed as if we would never stop; but at last we stood in a damp dun geon-like apartment. And then for a moment I lost sight of my guide, leaving me alone in one of the strangest predicaments in which one could be placed. I was not left alone for long, however, for presently I heard a strange muttering and then a shuffling sound, while, greatly to my amazement, an old man, decrepid with age, came tottering forward, bearing in his hand a lantern. His long white hair hung down over his shoulders, while in his sunken eyes there was a hunted look as if he lived in perpetual fear. Immediately he saw me this look of fear was intensified, as he came forward and, in quavering tones, inquired my business there. Then I spoke. "Who are you, and by whose per mission are you upon these premises ?" said I. The old man never answered but turned to fly. Just then I again caught sight of my strange guide, the female figure, this time standing directly in the old man's path, as if to bar his way of escape. Directly he caught sight of the figure an awful change came over him. His face turned the pallor of death, his breath came and went in short gasps, while the poor totteringlimbs seemed hardly able to support his body. After an instant he recovered slightly. As he did so the figure advanced towards him. With a terrible shriek he threw up his arms, crying, "Go away ! Go away l I did not do it. My money !" The old man's emotion was terrible to witness. Throwing himself down upon his face, he moaned like an animal in pain. Then, for the first time, the ghost spoke: " Young man, take heed to my words. My mission is nearly accomplished. This man is my murderer. " Twenty years ago I lived here with my husband; this man murdered us both. Behold his sufferings. For twenty years have I haunted this place to make this man's life a misery to him, and I shall do so till he dies. " Return here in the morning, and you shall dis :over treasure which this creature has concealed, out, before you touch it, hand this man over to the police for the double murder of John and Ellen Broom." With these words, which were delivered somewhat after the tragic-stage style, in a sepulchral tone, the whole scene vanished, and I found myselfin the long 'orridor leading from my friend's, parlour to the kitchen. Almost dying with fright, and dreading to return to ay own room, for the power which had hitherto sus tained me had gone, I reached the parlour, and, after securing all the doors, threw myself upon the couch to pass the remaining hours to breakfast. With the first pale streaks of day I awoke to find myself very cold and stiff. The light was just streaming through the window, and with it my courage returned also, so as quickly as possible I got back to my own room. That day I made a vigorous search for the secret panel door in the wainscotting, but could find neither spring nor opening, and it was some years before the mystery was cleared up. Dream I felt sure it was not, from the fact of finding myself in the parlour instead of in my own room. Of course all my friends laughed at it when I told them. Some said I'd been drinking or dreaming, others said there was a little of Baron Munchausen about the story. One day, about five years afterwards, however, I was telling a medical friend of mine about this strange ex perience, when he somewhat astonished me by say ing: " Why, old man, you walk in your sleep ; you are a somnambulist, and simply dreamt the ghostly part of the story, and took a midnight prowl for the other part." A short time after proved this the true explanation by my being seen at one o'clock in the morning walk ing round the garden-fast asleep. I have often dreamed strange things since then, but never have I passed through such a strange ex perience as upon that memorable Christmas Eve. 