WAS IT A GB0ST THET SAW*. Mrs. H. H. Jennings lira at No. 311, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good: order. 'One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left die gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parkmr the merry humour died oat of them in a second. Bight in the middle of tile room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The npper part of his face was concealed by a -mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes (n it. Hi» skirt -sleeves were rolled up, and in one band he carried a long, old- fashioned pistoL The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women aw ? 'During a recent period of ill-health,' writes an American friend, 'I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by tahol neemed lite Out tnOixg o/«sy vame; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother - just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a Journey, on which journey she was killed In a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted, t was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a nunmons and I would never get welL Tet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision ? came of my TrraV nerves, for I've never seen it Bittce, end it '? more than thru years ago now.' No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves win play off on you when your system is out of conditiou In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, oiDarracottBoad, PokesoOTTn, Hants, wrote us as follows:—'/ ton so dreadfully vrrttMt 1 couldnot bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. Idept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed.. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of (he time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. Tfae doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and -could not retain even Iliat-on my stomach. By this time X was nothing but skinandbone. Mymtmory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. ?.w'1^^ 8'™ 'P *' toPe- wbm ^ d»y Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off; and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I wai able to walk across the room, and by the end ol the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food,- and all my nervousness has left me.' The jaalady Mrs. Foster suffixed from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration , The original caase was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the lindgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by Indigestion anddyspepaU. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who seesihein, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what ia natural and wholesome. The Begistrar of Patents notifies in a supplement to the Gotxmmaa Gazette of Salnrday last that he has accepted the appli cation of Messrs. G. E. Banning and J- J Simmons, both of East Darr Station, grazier and well-borer respectively, and of Mr. G. G. Fair, of Sydney, well-borer, for a patent for 'an improved method of wire cable boring, to be-used in -connection with the ordinary pels tool rig (-f) by means, -d a damp, (6) by titovnng the end of the Mire cable wtin oU is in* bort either round the clamp or round the wire rope at any point between the drill swivel and tfae derrick floor, and (c) by means of A rubber moulded on the wire caU&' 