jSnaatiiSKgBttgnta. DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. [By Touchstone.] Thia evening the membora of the Lauucestoo Dramatic Club will present onoo more their most successful effort, viz.. the nautical drnmu 'Insured afc Lloyds.' Tha piece is popular with Launoeston playgoers, and a numerous audience may ba looked for at fcho Academy of Mu-io when the ourtain is ruug up on the re production. Tho rahearsala of that atfcraotive opsra 'Les Cloches de Oorneville ' nro from all accounts affording groat satisfaction. The opera will be produced at tho Academy of Musio on Monday, 25 th in St., and also on the throe following evenings. A Euccepoful season is anticipated. I hear the Lyric Concert Company intend to put Balfe's ' l?obem)an Girl' Into rehearsal, I am sorry to learn there has been ft split in the camp since the recent enjoyable rendering of the music of 'Maritana' by this company at the Mechanics' Institute. I am afraid oar locnl musioians are too Hensitive on the subject of criticism. This is a great mistake, for judicious criticism is necessary, that is, if satisfactory results are to folio w ths public efforts of BDy performer or combination of per formers. The smaller the community, howerer, the touchier tho people, honoo the indiffonmt performances one bo frequently witnenses out side tho larger centres of population. Musicians, as a general rule, do not love one another, benoe arises the difficulty ho often experienced bj conductors in keeping an adequato com bination together. Many vocalists, I t-iko it, object to be told of faults, and if they will not take tolling they can never expect to improve. With few exception the enunciation of our public Binders is indistinct, while in not a few instances the pronunciation ia moot indifferent. It' musicians as a ola's were not so pettish, if they would descend from tho stilts of self admiration upon which many of them stand, and strive to work as well aa sing and play in harmony, ooncerts, at any rate, so far as Launceaton is concerned, would seldom, if ever, result ia faulty mu-ic and financial loss. The management of a company entitled ' Woods'B Dramatic Company' have a Laun coston season in contemplation. A stroDg variety combination, with Walter Carle as I usineas manager, opens at the Tht atre Royal, Hcbart, on Monday Evening next. Professor Mason and cencert company have been doing excellent buiiness through the Western districts lately. During their Launceston season Mossra Brough and Boucioault will probably produce 'Niobe,' one of their most sucoesBful comedies. Of course (remarks an Adelaide writer) I took tho earliest opportunity to see ' Niobe' at the theatre. It is long since wo had a reaily first-class comedy company here, but perhaps we appreciato tho exsellont one now playing at the theatre all t-e more for that. But, indesd, their own excellence is sufficient to account for the large houses and hearty reception they are meeting with. You will havo read of the main idea of 'Niobe' in the daily paper3, so I need not say much about that part, reserving myself more for the feminine interest of the performance. Mra Brough is perfectly charming as Niobe, from the moment whoa the screen which has been closed around her is drawn aside and shows her as the statue, or rather &s; the petrified original of the old myth. Her standing in this parb was wonderful, and a splendid lesaon to those who take part in tableaux as to the possibility of be ing absolutely Immovable for quite a long period of time. Not a movement of any muscle waB to be seen, even the long draperies which haug pver her uplifted arms scarcely waver for au instant. Then when in the agonies of resusci tation she emerges weeping and wringing her hands she still looks charming, and the interest in her increases to the very last moment, when having at last found sompotao who is anxious to have her, instead of finding her a burden, a3 does the unfortunate Peter, the soft liquid Greek syllables pour from her lips in response to those of Tompkina, the art enthu siast, who is only too pleased to find her lire flesh and blood instead of cold stone. Her sta tue robe of soft white crepe was arranged in the correct classic manner, and showed off her fine figure and graceful movament to perfection. Later on iu the first act she comes on in a pale pink robe of somewhat similar cat and fashion, and afterwards, when she annexes tho real governess's garments, she wears a tea gown, which is cleverly arranged to combine modern ideas with those of classic design. It is of a pale green, made with flowing skirts, and corselet and arm bands of rich jeweled em broidery, the Grecian scarf being crossed over her back and falling in long ends almost to her feet in. front. Her hair was dressed very simply, and was without ornament of any kind. Her charming smile and artless replies to tho catechising of Helen Griffin were perfection. Miss Temple looked very pretty as Dunn's wife, and wore two well-made gowna — the first a dinner dress of rich black brocade, made with a severely simple low bodice and long net sleeves ; the second, a walklDg dress, being cf fawn crepon, trimmed with black laoo as frills from tho elbows of the sleeves and aa a cape frill down one Bide only of tho bodice. With thia dresa a Btnr.ri bonnet was worn in one part of the act. Miss Gibson wore a very pretty frock in the first act, made short, as befits do younp a damBel as she represents. It was of biscuit coloured muslin, the skirt being made with fall gathers all round, and trimmed at the knees with a dspp band of white insertion. Her white frock with palo grcea sash in the two other acts was also simple and pretty. The other ladins also wore handsome gowns, one of Misb Noble's of petunia cloth, made with doep coat bodice trimmed with jet, being par ticularly well cut. The room in Dunn's house, in which the play takes place alt through, was vory well arranged, and I thought the idea of showjog th-- same room from three different positions — one in each aot — both novel and effeotive. I am looking forward with the greatest interest to ' The Village Priest' on Saturday. It ia a splendid piny splendidly played, and judging from the honpo* b» far I hope there in no doubt that tho Brough and Bouclciult Company will havo tho successful season they deserve. More than that I cannot eay. Miss Maggie Mooro is appearing as Lizzie Stofel in 'Struck Oil' at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney. Signor Foil Is at present at Johannesbergr, after which he will move on to Pretoria. Mr E. S. Smythe has jnst arrived in London from Montreal, and will remain until the arrival in September of Mr Santley, who is now being ' ruu' in South Africa by Mr Carlyle Smythe, who has boon as successful with the veteran baritone as ho had previously been with Max O'Rell, It Ib said that Mr Smythe proposes to take with him to Australia some Irish and sooiallst politicians as labourers In the lecturo field, and the namea of John Burns and Mr Davitt are menlioned. Of the people who talk about local indus tries, probably very few know that one of the very biggest industries in Australia Is that of Messrs Williamson and Musgrove. Hundreds of poople are employed, and hundreds of pounds go to them weekly when tho traditional ghost enjoys his hebdomadal promenade. A month or two ago the output of the firm in salaries and other exponBes was over £3000 per week — all in cash, too, which is almost as rare as the amount paid. Mi' Bland Holt began hia New Zealand tour with ' A Sailor's Knot' at Dunedin recently, 