A PILGRIM'S PENCILLINGS FOR TEE PULPIT, PLATFORM, AND PEW. AN event 1ms occurred during the lii^two or three weeks that has awakened echoes in the ; and pulpit, platform, aud pew have sent the echoe'Sxback again. Some are asking, " What, is all the fuss about ? Why listen to the jargon of men who are ever talking about their ancestry ? Investigation of their claims generally brings evidence that they are like the potato —the best part is underground. Is it not better to leave them alone ? Like the chip in the porridge-pot, it does neither good nor harm. Why waste powder and shot on such small birds?" But if these little birds come into my garden and peck away at my peas, destroying the buds so that they bear no fruit, admiration for tlie beauty in the birds is lost in my anxiety for the trees, and so taking down the guu, I rise above my nervousness and fire away. As I have listened to my frieuds of late and seen the correspondence with reference to the resignation of the Rev. A. E. Green, who has left troubled waters for the imagined only haven of peace, where turbulent billows are supposed never to roll, I have asked, is it SUCCESSION OR SECESSION? A woman said to me, witbiu a day's journey of Adelaide, "Apostolic secession, indeed ! Far better preach Christ than talk so much about Apostolic accession !" The woman was unconscious of her mistake in ritualistic phraseology, but I think she hit the nail on the head, for all Churchmen, whether Anglicans or Nonconformists, ore schismatics" and " dissenters " who depart from the royal law of love, " One is your Master, even Christ, and nil ye are brethren." I rejoice in wha; is good and true in all Churches, and can aflmiie l.he attachment and work of those who have found in any one of them a home, and are working for the well- being of the nation and the regeneration of society But I enter my protest against the men who flaunt their exclusive claims of high descent to the alienation of all Christian ministers, who are treated by thos^ boasted successors to the Apostles as ecclesiastical brigands and outlaws. Would that all who are in the Anglican Church breathed the CIIHIST-LI1CE SPIRIT OF DEAN ALFORD. In a letter to a brother clergyman whom he asked to help him in seeking for a curate, the Dean wrote, saying :—"I want him to teach and preach Jesus Christ, and not the Church. I want him to fully recognise the pious dissenter as a brother in Christ, and as much a member of the Church as ourselves. If you know of such a man it will be a real kindness to put me into communication with him. I would add, some little experience in parochial work is desirable. Above all, he sli- u'd be a man of peace, who will quietly do li is work and not breed strife."—Life of Dean Alford (p. 170). CURATE AN1) BAPTISM. A country curate in a letter to Blackwood's Magazine says that on one occasion he baptised a child named " Acts." Afterwards in the vestry the good woman was asked why she had chosen such a strange name. Her answer was, " Why, you see, sir, we be religious folks, and we like Scripture names for our children ; we've got four on 'em already, and they be called Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, and now we thought we'd comoliment the Apostles a bit, and so we've named this one " Acts." All Christians of the New Testament type who cherish feelings of love and goodwill towards the brotherhood of Christendom are strongly attached to the Church of their choice and convictions. But we must discriminate between attachment to an ecclesiastical fabric and attachment to Christ. The ivy will cling to any old ruin for support, but when it cease3 to be fed with the sunshine and dew it dies. I\\!fen with soul and intelligence in them who hold the scales of their own judgment; men who are not to be won by attractive baits, like the silly fish ; men not to be bribed by business patronage, nor forced by fear of threatened punishment—these men will not cling to a mere fabric, but they will rise in the dignity of their manhood and say, " Give us the bread of life that we may eat and live, and not a stone which is barren, cold, and dead ! " In contrast to such, there are those I whose priestly work it seems to be to cry, " The temple of the Loid aie we, and heathens all beside." They are ever talkiug of "orders," " successions," " sacraments, and vestments," as if they live only for their Church ; and no matter how others may live for God and suffering humanity, whatever good they may'do it is all wrong, and the water is polluted because, forsooth, it has not flowed through their Church channels. They seem to say, " We Churchmen perhaps have faults, You Dissenters have but two ; There's nothing good you say, There's nothing good you do." Tell me that God's eternal decree shuts me away from salvation and I could be better reconciled to it. Tlie grandeur of the Eternal One, as with His majestic sceptre He waved me back from the fountain, would give dignity to destruction. But to be repulsed from the healing waters of life by a poor mortal's hand, to lose the blessing because a spider's web is spun across my path, to be driven backward froru the divine fountain by some white-robed champion of successions aud baptisms—oh, this is intolerable! Thank God that forms and ceremonies do not constitute salvation ! Thank God for the Christ-like men in all Churches and lands, who, filled with the Holy Ghost, are proving that they are true successors to the Apostjefc by building up holy, fruitful, Christian lives, rescuing the perishing, girding the nations with Christian missitrtiB,; iindj united in one glorious bond of brotherhood,'by . believing prayer, they will yet bring the prodiga world back in penitence to the feet and heart of God. 