LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, October 20, 1803. With Charles Gounod, who succumbed to an apoplectic fit early in the week, a heaven-born genius and a very great musician has passed away. He was one of the masters of the century, and lii3 name will have a place amongst the highest. Most of us, I fear, knew him chiefly as the composer of "Faust," of "Romeo and Juliette," and of "Philemon et Baucis." The sacred music, which was his chief pride, and contained his grandest effort, lias never been appreciated as it oughb to have been. For that kind of work he was not perhaps fortunate in his age or at any rate in bis place in it. French audiences werenotalways disposed to find his highest to their liking. "The Redemption" and "Mors et Vita" really made their most serious impression at this side of the channel. "Faust" is the " East Lynne" of Italian and English opera. When in doubt the enterprising impresario in variably plays it, and can generally be sure of a full house. As mounted nowadays at Coveut Garden it has become a superb spectacle. " Romeo and Juliette" owes its popularity in London mainly to the Prince and Princess of Wales, with whom the opera is a favorite, and who ordered it for the State performance this summer. "Philemon et Bauoia" Gounod him sell preferred to either of his more popular operas, but (though played frequently of late before " Cavalleria Kusticana") its musio was "caviare to r.he many." Marshal MaoMahon, who passed quietly away on Tuesday morning last after a long illness, borne with characteristic heroism, was a great soldier and a poor politician. _ He had no gift for diplomacy and very wisely directly be found France was opposed to the course whioh the intrigues of the Elysee had committed him to he threw up public life and bis great position and retired. Time has vindicated all his motives and his final act as President of the Republic. Whenever he did ill it was because he was purposely con fused by his intimate advisers and did not see the drift of their advice. But once be understood their purpose he stopped, pleaded' engagements, and stood upon his sense of honor and of patriotic duty. MacMahon's family were Legitimists, and though he served the Empire as a member of the Senate he was favorable to the eldor branch. Yet it was he who said when the Comte de Ghambord stood by the white flag, "If we restore the monarchy the guns will go off of themselves." He refused to be a party then to a restoration. Mrs. Crawford relates that on the day on which the Septennate was voted by the Versailles Assembly the Prince de Joinville said to General Changar nier "We have seoured a sword." "Yes" answered the general, "but a wooden sword that will never draw a drop of blood or cut a gordian knot. Like a great many of Mr. Gladstone's ap pointments that of Lord Elgin to be Governor General of India excites severe criticism. The administrative experience of the noble earl is certainly inconsiderable. He has been chair man of the Eife County Council and of the Dunfermline Parish School Board. As a rule the holder of the third greatest appointment our Empire provides is required to possess at least a brilliant record. The Radical Prime Minister, cry the Tories, can give no better reason for promoting this—to put it mildly— inexperienced young man to a most respon sible position than that he is a peer in want of a place. It is the kind of blunder no Conservative and not many Liberal statesmen dare have made. Even the most thick and thin Gladstonians cannot eon tain their surprise. " The Earl of Elgin has arrived in London from Broome Hall, Dun fermline," read out a man at the National Liberal Club last night. "In view of recent events," he went on, "it surely should be new Broome Hall." " What will they say in India?" asked another. "What ivont they say ?" retorted the first speaker bitterly; ".Fancy ail the civil and military big wigs and native princes having to 'koo-too' to a raw know-nothing of a Seottie with nothing but a handle to hi3 name to commend him to them. Really someone ought to prescribe a strong course of Kipling for the G.Q.M." Though the coaf famine is at an end and prices are falling aB rapidly as they rose the strike still continues in many' partB of the country. In Staffordshire, for exam pie,'affairs seem simply desperate. Women who will go out and beg manage somehow to stave off starvation, but the self-respecting poor— prouder far than their richer brethren would be in similar straits—suffer silently at home. Shocking scenes are described by relief visitors at Wolverhampton. In one house, bare of furniture, a child was found sleeping uneasily, and when asked if ib was ill the mother burst into tears and revealed that hunger had done its worst, and her darling was dying of slow starvation. In another case a twelve months' old baby was found greatly emaciated in its mother's arms, and ttie skin seemed to hang on its bones. "The doctor ordered brandy and milk because he's wasting away," said the mother, " bub he might as well have told me to give ib sovereigns to play with. He can't eat bread, and I can't geb anything to feed myself, let alone feeding the child." Numberless children have been found who 011I7 get one meal in 24 hours, and any tallow candles left in the schoolrooms are at once surreptitiously seized on and devoured by the hungry little ones. Many of the houses have nothing in them, not even a chair, and the children, sometimes nine in number, are almost naked. Women have pawned their wedding rings in hundreds, and throughout the whole district a great cry goes up that the strike may come to an end. " The number of young men now obtaining a University education has risen far above the number of professional careers open to them, and nothing ought to be done to stimulate further the supply of such secondary education as is preparatory for professional life." Such was the opinion Canon Sell, headmaster of Marlborough, expressed before the gentlemen recently assembled in conference at Oxford upon secondary education. Tne Saturday lieview countenances the pronouncement in an able artiole in its current issue. If ever, it says, " Mene Tekel" was written on the wall these words of Dr. Bell wrote it there and then. The crime, the blunder, and the danger of the present lie in the fact that the number of young men now turned out under secondary school and University education is enormously above the number of careers of any kind, pro fessional or other, which are open to them and for which they are fitted. They have re bounded from the choked professions into the "vocations and employments," to ueo the language of those income tax papers which few of them are ever likely to receive, | or to receive without groans. "Even from j the point of view of those who think [that, 'the career open to talents' settles [ everything we believe that the thing | is an utter mistake—that a really clever boy, in even very low classes, had better ohance of rising under the old system of limitation and patronage than under the new system of competition and crowd. There i3 j an entirely different side to the question, and one of not less real importance, and the lowered value and virtue of learning even in those who are not exposed to these dangers as result of its vulgarisation. But that is not perhaps likely to appeal very much to the kind of public opinion prevalent at this or at any time. What the people of England may possibly be brought to see is that it is no use multiplying costly machinery to turn out razors when you want spades, for blunted razors make the_ very worst spades in the world; that there is only a limited quantity of human steel that will make good human razors, and only a limited quantity of human razors wanted at all, and that when you turn out more the process is horribly cruel ethically, recklessly wasteful economically, and from the point of view of all rational politics supremely " Through Storm to Peace," the autobio graphy which Mrs. Besanb has been contribu ting to the Sunday Sun, will be published com plete in a single volume forthwith. The final instalment appears in the current issue (October 15). Therein thi3 remarkable woman confesses that when materialism began to fail her she suffered great pain. "But here," she says, " as ab other times of my life I dare not purchase peace with a lie. An imperious necessity forces me to speak the truth as I see it whether the speech please or displease, whether it brings praise or blame. That one loyalty to truth I must keep stainless whatever friend ships fail me or human ties be broken. She may lead me into the wildnerness, yet I must follow her ; she may strip me of all love, yet 1 must pursue her; though she may slay me, yet will I truBb in her; and I ask no other epitaph on my tomb but ' She tried to follow truth.'" Bor the moment Mrs. Besant is safe in the theosophiat fold, and she seems to imagine she will remain there for ever. Her last words are :—"And thus I came through Storm to Peaoe, nob to the peace of an untroubled sea of outer life, which no strong soul can crave, but to an inner peace that outer troubles may not avail to ruffle, a peace which belongs to the eternal, not to the transitory; to the depths, not to the shallows of life. It carried me scathless through the terrible spring of 1891, when death 6truek down Charles Bradlaugh in the plenitude of his usefulness, and unlocked the gateway into rest for H. P. Blavatekv. Through anxieties and responsibilities, heavy and numerous, it has borne me; every strain makes it stronger; every trial makes ib sereener; every assaultleaves ib more radiant. Quiet confidence has taken the place of doubt ; a strong security the place of anxious dread. In life, through death to life, I am but the servant of the Great Brotherhood, and those on whose heads but for a moment the touch of the Master has rested in blessing can never again look upon the world save through eyes made luminous with the radiance of the Eternal Peaoe." Unless Mrs. Besanb stultifie' her pasb record completely nothing can be more certain than that the half-way house of theosophy won't satiafy her long. For one thing she has no leader, and Annie Besant cannot do without one. Charles Bradlaugh was the support of her materialism, and had there been no H. P. Blavatsky Bhe would never have become a neo-theosophist. Mrs. Besant has so far evidantly been unfortunate in the elorics she has met. Sometime in the future, however, one of those priests whose subtle resistless influence makes them such mighty factors for good, and occasionally also for evil, may meet her. The spirit of restless investi gation which she calls the " desire for truth" will then again become clamorous, and Mrs. Besant will fulfil the prediction of the friends who prophesy "she will end a devout Roman Catholic." Mr. E. D. Fawcett, whose vivid imaginative effort, " Hartmann, the Anarchist," has just been published by Edward Arnold in a 3s. fid. volume, is a very creditable disciple of Jules Yerne. Those who read the English Illustrated Magazine this year, or even glanced through the pictures, will not need reminding oi the story of the construction and career of the marvellous flying ironclad. Mr. Fawcett has been most fortunate in his illustrator. The picture of this blighting monster Ehelline the doomed city of London with impunity from above and circling around like a huge bird, and from time to time pouring down thousands of gallons of blazing petroleum on the shriek ing inhabitants, lingers tenaciously in the memory. I do not advise placing "Hartmann the Anarchist" in the hands of sensitive women or children, but it ought not to hurt a robust lad more than the adventures of Verne's " Captain Hatteras." I "Miss Stuart's Legacy," by Mrs. Flora Annie Steele, is a novel of Indian life, cover ing ground untouched on by either Kipling or Mrs. Croker or Judge Cunningham. Mrs. Steele lias lived twenty years in India, where her husband is a Civil servant, and she pos sesses a sympathetic knowledge of the natives, | far truer and more thorough, Ishould imagine, than the great Rudyard's, but she has not his gift of picturesque language. The native scenes and characters in "Miss Stuart's Legacy" are, nevertheless, all excellent. Belle Stuart herself, I confess, is too complex for my masculine understanding. Her hyper sensitive, hyper-subtle feelings make her till the final chapter, when she suddenly becomes I sensible, an exasperating hussy. The plot of j " Miss Stuart's Legacy" has nothing specially new about it. That young lady, coming out to India at 18, finds the widowed father she | had hoped to be " all in all" to married again to a vulgar but well-meaning woman with grown-up daughters of her own. Colonel Stuart is a thorough old "rip"—drinking, gambling, and eating opium, butt he manages to conceal most of his weaknesses from Beile, who idealises lier parent. Nevertheless the girl would, have been in a poor way soon but for two lovers—John Raby and Major Mars den. The latter she favors, and is on the verge | of accepting when her father dies, and some of i his peccadilloes leaking out Raby manages to make it appear that Marsden exposed them. Belle furiously refuses to listen to ex planations and sends back Marsaen's letters unopened. His regiment is -then sent to the front. Before the major goe3 he makes a will leaving Belle £30,000. In due course Marsden is reported missing, and Raby, who drew up the will, proposes to and marries Miss Stuart, hurrying her away before the bad news reaches her. At the close of the honey moon Belle Raby hears of the major's death and legacy. She angrily refuses to accept a ! farthing from her father's traducer. Raby has then to cell the truth. So far from libelling the deceased colonel, Marsden had out of his ! own pocket made good numberless defalca tions, and shielded the old man's memory in many ways. Shortly after this Marsden comes to life again, and Belle, mistaking him for his ghost, flings herself into his arms. This is bad enough, but Raby has invested the legacy in an indigo plantation, it cannot be given baok. Poor Belle suffers agonies betwixt love and pride, and treats Marsden abominably most readers will think. Ultimately, when fate and a native rumpus remove the inconvenient husband, Belle refuses to have anything to say to her faithful lover. Seven years later the major comes to England to find Mrs. Raby absorbed in the work of a children's hospital, of which sfcte is superintendent. She offers at last to give the work all up and return to India and the regiment with him as his wife, but Marsden declines the sacrifice. "Marriage," hB says, " as I take it, is for young people, and what they call love is the bribe held out by Nature to induce her thoughtless children to undertake a difficult duty. Let us remain as we are." So the book ends without a wedding. 