&EAND; CONCEET. A short time ago Michael Connor, one of the gangers employed on the South- We§tern line, had occasion during the course of the work to step from the contractors' engine while it was in motion, and when he attempted to rejoin it he missed his footing and fell between the wheels beneath the engine, which passed completely over him, rolliug him over several times. His mates rushed towards him, expecting to lisd that he had been killed, but to their surprise they found him still alive. "Without loss of time the unfortunate man was con veyed to Bunbury, and placed in charge of Dr. Lovegrore who found that in addition to several severe bodily injuries it would be necessary to amputate his left arm, and this opera tion was immediately preformed. On the news of this terrible calamity reaching his comrades a wish was expressed by one and all to render him some assistance in his hour of need in such a form as not only .to be of practical utility to him, but also to convey the great and widely felt sympathy felt towards him. A commitee was formed with,this object in view and it was decided to have a concert and ball, the. proceeds of' which to be devoted toward? | Connor's relief. The committee left all the arrangments of the concert in I the hands of Mr. Stafford, , -relying jupon his well-known capabilities for I providing an evening's entertainment, | and the more-than-satisfactory results I obtained proved that that confidence had not been misplaced. The concert took place last "Wednes day evening in the Catholic School room and the room was filled to over flowing, An attempt was made to accurately ascertain the number present, but was not successful; it was, however, estimated that there were rather more than 500 persons present. On former occasions in the Mechanics* Institute, even when the concert has been for a popular cause it has been found difficult to fill 48 reserved Beats, and our readers will understand the crowded state of the Catholic Schoolroom when we state that 160 reserved seats were found inadequate to accommodate the public last "Wednesday evening. This is by far the greatest number of reserved seats that have ever been filled at any Concert in Bunbury, and if this fact does not go to prove anything else at least it must show that Bunbury is advancing steadily and not retrograd ing as some pessimists would have us believe. In previous concerts given in the Catholic Schoolroom a difficulty was experienced in lighting the room but this was overcome on this occasion by borrowing the lights from the Mechanics' Institute and placing them' in the front part of the room the back being lighted by candles placed in the windows and arranged round the walls. The programme was of an unusually lengthy character and consisted of some twenty three items,the rendering of several of which occupied some tim& The performance commenced about 8.20 and was not finished until a quarter past eleven. Altogether the concert was a great success in every sense of the word, the proceeds amounting to between ,£40 and £50. The following is the programme:— Overture, Mr. Harpur, " Selections from the Grand Duchess," This was followed by a glee," All among the Barley," by Mesdames Turner, and Stafford, the Misses Boss and Tiin perley, and Mr. Stafford, and was very nicelv rendered. Miss Alice Tim perley sang " Come Back to Erin," this was followed by a cornet solo " The Silver Stream Polka" by Mr. H. E. Parry. This is, we believe, the first time such an item has been in cluded in the programme of a concert in Bunbury. Mr. Parry was evidently quite at home with his instrument and played spleudidly. He received an encore and gave "Alice, where art Thou ?" Miss Teede and Mr. N. Moore sang a duet " Very improper indeed," which was much applauded. Miss Daly followed with one of the chief items of the evening, a song en titled " Dear Bird of Winter." This was exquisitely rendered and received an enthusiastic encore. Miss Daly was, however, unable to gratify the wish of the audience on account of the lengthy programme. Mr. H. H. Ham ley then played a violin solo " I er Concerto pour le violon par C. de Beriot." Mr. Hamley was handi capped severely by the amount of talking which was going on, which made it almost impossible for those at the back of the room to hear the music. It was a classical piece and was played with great taste, Mr. Bradshaw sang " Out on the Deep" Miss Eoss sang"Twickenham Ferry"; Mr. Banting then sang spiritedly a comic song "Eighteen pence." Mr/! Stafford sang his old favourite, "Ther awful Little Scrub," aud notwithstand ing his having appeared in that char acter before a Bunbury audience before, he received a hearty encore for which he gave a Yokel song " Too-ralee". Both songs were given in character. Mr. Bisely then thanked the audi ence on behalf of the railway men for attending that evening and affording such substantial assistance to Michael Connor. Mr. "Woodrow also gave utterance to similar sentiments. After an interval of five minutes Miss Eoss played an overture, " The Ghost Melody"" It was followed by the " Awkward Squad" by Messrs. Stafford, Banting, Bradshaw, Catlett and Caporn, and was tnueh appre ciated. Mrs. Turner sang " When the quiet Moon is Beaming." Mr. Corbett then gave an amusing ventriloquial entertainment, and the conversation which passed between bis two dolls " The Army" and " The Navy" was very laughable. Mr. Sullivan then danced a hornpipe. Miss Daly, who possesses a charming voice and pro mises to develop into a good ringer, again pleased the audience by her rendering of the song, " The Blind girl to her Harp," for which she receiver! an encore and gave "The Beautiful Island", Miss Daly's singing undoubtedly carried off the palm of the evening. Mr. Parry then played another cornet solo, " Killarney." This was followed by a song and dance by Mr. Keaven, " Donnybrook Fair". He received an encore for which, he gave " At the Bising of the Moon", both songs were sang without accom paniment and were very well ren dered. Certainly the enthusiasm which Mr. Keaven introduced into the last piece left no doubt in the minds of his audience as to his nationality. Mr. H. Weiss sang a negro character song, " Poor thing.' Miss Alice Tiinperley sang " Who can say ?" Mr. Hamley played a violin solo, '■ The Harp that once through Tara's Halls", and a character song " The poor Chines", given by Mr. Stafford, concluded the pro gramme. The entertainment was brought to a close with the National Anthem by Mr. Parry on the cornet, accompanied by Mr. Harpur on the piano. Miss Foss accompanied most of the singers very efficiently, the other accompanists being the Misses Delaporte and Daly and Messrs. Hafpur and Hamley. 