MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. There was " a grand Melb.i concert :l at tlie Dome, Brighton, on February 4, at which the Australian star sangTosti's " Good-bye,' accompanied by tlio composer, tlie "Ave Maria from " Cavalloria Ruaticana, tlie grand air from "Lucia," and Arditti's "So Saran Rose. " Mine. Jlelba liad as her solo pianist and accompanist during her provincial Eng lish tour just completed a young New Zealander, Mr. George Clutsam, who is well known ill tho colonics through his musical association with Miss Amy Slicrwin. Mr. Clut3am lias evi dently been distinguishing himself both as a composer and lierformcr. He lias set to music, with English words, several songs by Heine and oilier German poets. It is a good story, if true, that while in l'aris recently Mr. Clutsam won the admiration of 1'ade- rewslci so completely that " tlie prince of pianists," in pure good nature, offered to break his rule and give tlie Australian a lesson a day during ins stay, l'adorewski, liko Sarasate, tlio violinist, refuses, under ordinary circumstances, to give lessons "at any price." Mr. Otto Fischer, concerning whom a paragraph appeared last week, is, we are sorry to hear, suffering iu Germany from a severe affection of the throat. His trouble is a polypus, tlie fresh appearance of which lias ucucssitjitcd the breaking off of several operatic engagements. Tlio polypus in his ease grows with alarming rapidity every now and then, and wliilo ho lias not given up in despair, lie fears that tlio surgical operations will result in his com pulsory retirement from tlie operatic stage. The tenor's sister, Miss Minna Fischer, who is living with Miss Amy Sherwin in London, con templates going to Paris to study opera under Mme. Marchesi, the celebrated teacher, who has already had two Australian pupils in Mme. Melba and Miss Frances Saville. Can it be true, by the way, that Marchesi, now an old woman, asks from £15 to £20 for a single lesson ? The contralto is coming to tlie front in the colonies. Tonight, ill .Melbourne, Miss llesford Angus, of New Zealand, sings for tlie first time at tlio promenade concerts as " tlie famous contralto," and next week, in Sydney, we arc to hear Mrs. C. A. Edwards. A few days since Miss Fisher, of Wellington (New Zealand), who is described as "a charming young contralto," had a benefit concert oil tlio eve of iier departure " to complete iier musical education in Aus tralia." Miss Ada Crossley, of whom Mel bourne has reason to he proiul, is coming over within tlie next few weeks to siug again in Sydney. According to tlie South Australian h 'egiulcr Mr. 1'. A. llowolls, who, ill conjunction with Mr. C. J. Stevons, is arranging for tlie engagement of Madame Antoinette Sterling, received a cable message from London on Saturday advising him that tlio talented artist would arrive iu Adelaide at tlie end of May. Alias Bessie Doyle, according to tlie Indian papers, lias had so far a succession of suc cesses. "Tlie Australian Violinist" made a most favorable impression when starting her tour at Colombo, and alio appears to iiavo litul all her own way later on at Bombay, Jubbalporo, Allahabad, Cawnpore, Luek- liow, and Calcutta, tlie company reaching the last named place on February 3. Six concerts were given during the week's stay at Lneknow, and by special invitation tlie violinist played at tlio historic palace of the King of Oudli. It shows well for the popu larity of ALiss Doyle and her musical asso ciate's that at nearly all tlie places visited extra concerts had to ho given in acknow ledgment of tlie public appreciation. A letter from Leipzig by the last mail contains a glowing account of the fourth public concert given by the new hoy pianist, Haoul Koezalslcy, who at seven years of age is doing what Fran/. Liszt did at eight. This apparently genuine " prodigy " is described as "a strong, bright, healthy boy," and the ell'eet produced by his play ing may he estimated by the fact that his concerts attract immense crowds in a most musical centre. Tlie German critics, who have no love for juvenile phenomenon's, write enthusiastically of this budding genius, and rank him as an artist in feeling and talent. llcrr Fruncik, dubbed " professor" by the Hoburt Men-urn, lias been giving concerts at Lauucestoii ami tlie Tasmaniaii capital. Tlie violinist, who, it will lie recollected, did not play on' his return to Sydney from Austria, comes in for lavish praise at the hands of tlie Tasmania!) critics. His violin, secured while in Europe, is described by tlie Hoburt Mercury as possessing "exipiisite tone," and the player is set down as belonging " to the Vagauini-Sarasate school." Tlie Hun garian Gipsy Aielodies (Sarasate) were enthu siastically encored, and in response to the applause, we are told, the violinist " gave a delicious rendering of ' Tlio Old Folks at Home.'" M. Kowalski, although not quite satisfied with tlie amount of public patronage bestowed oil his " Wynyard-squnro charity fete," cannot ho other than pleased that the Queensland Flood Iteiief Fund lias benefited to tlie extent of £150 by his artistic scheme. The metropolitan vocal and instrumental artistes supported the undertaking with characteristic generosity. One hears witli regret that little Aliss Katie Barry lias severed her connection with tlie Gaiety Company, and sails for England by the Orizaba to-day. In many respects Miss Barry is at least equal to tlie best of the Gaiety actresses, though her op portunities for distinguishing herself have been singularly limited. The Gaiety Company propose— or Messrs. Williamson and Miisgi ovc propose for them — a New Zealand lour. As yet, however, tlie project is proposed, not disposed. Air. Btaiul ilolt, and a dramatic company are likely to play a season at tlie Lyceum within tlio next few months, in which ease " Pleasure " will ho produced. Aliss Billie Barlow iias been engaged for a Birmingham pantomime next year. At Bir mingham this year, by-tlie-way, Mr. Fred. Mason was one of tlie pantomime comedians. In Mr. Walter Bentlcy's "Hamlet" at Adeiaido Miss Marie Frascr was Ophelia, Aliss Kate Bishop the Queen, Miss Vivicnne Osrie, Air. 13. B. Rnssell tlie King, Air. H. Stonehum tlie Ghost, Mr. Luclilun M'Gowan Polonius, and Air. II. R. Roberts Laertes. Air. W. J. Hoiloway's Australian represen tative, Mr. W. J. Gates, lias received an in teresting letter from Airs. Hollowuy, witli respect to the Australian actor's successful appearance as "King Lear " at the Lyceum last January, when tlio company assembled on tlio morning of the 19th for rehearsal of "Bcoket." Airs. Ilollo- way -writes : — " Word came that Mr. Irving was ill (ho had been ailing for some days), and that tlie theatre must close. Here was a situation. Brain Stoker, that prince of managers, came to W. J. and asked, ' Will you play Lear to-night ?' No, lie could not ; but lie would tlio next night. Then came tlio inquiry, ' Then will you read it, and save tile closing of tlio theatre, which would be fatal to the run of the play '!' Yes, lie would do that, and started at oneo for home. This was at 2.30 p.m. Iu the train lie suddenly remembered that it would he impossible for iiim to read a line without glasses. Now, what was to lie done? Nothing but master the words. Reaching homo at 3 o'clock, lie shut himself in tlie study, and went to work ill earnest ; and after a hasty attempt to cat dinner, lie started for the theatre by tiie 6 o'clock train. I followed by a later one- got a quiet seat out of sight and waited events. There was -a very line house, but Aliss Terry had hut a half-hearted reception. Air. Holloway liouo at all— tlio audience were evidently chilled and depressed, at tlie end of tlio first net there was a terrific call, and such cheers, that my heart went up with a bound. At the end of tlie second, aftor tlio great curse scene, tlie curtain was raised and Mr. Hollo- way was recalled twice to lie applauded uiul cheered gloriously, and so on to tlie end of tlio play. Tlio company, who had all as sembled in tlie wings, gave him three great cheers after tlio curtain lunl fallen on tlie lust act. It was a night I shall never forget. Going round to tlio greenroom I met Henry lfowe, the oldest actor on tlio English stage — who had played in ' Lear ' witli Alaeready— and lie said Unit never in his 60 years experience of tlie stage had lie seen anything so marvellous as for an actor to study oueii a part and play it with out rehearsal at three hours' notice— a per formance by which Air. Holloway stopped into the front rank of London actors. Then came Air. William Torriss. Said lie, ' Had my salvation depended upon it, I couldn't have done it.' Next Alfred Bishop (brother to Alias Kate Bishop). 1 If they had offered mo tlio freehold of this theatre 1 could not have done it.' Anil so on witli others. Air. Irving wrote a delightful letter saying, 'I I war you did splendidly, and it serves yon right.' There is no more charming man in England, or out of it, than Henry Irving, nil opinion I have often expressed to you before. Mr. Holloway played 'Lear' for three nights, then, to tlie great happiness of everyone, Mr. Irving recovered, and on the Monday lie played, hut arranged with Mr. Holloway to alternate tlie part with him for the remainder of tlie run, which they are now doing. I think Mr. Hoiloway's only fooling in tlie matter was his great desire to spare Mr. Irving any worry or anxiety. 1 don't think tile importance of tlie event for himself ever entered into his mind, though iie cannot help realising it now. Airs. Hollo way adds that Mr. Il'olloway's health is good, and his voice in splendid condition." Laudatory comments by tlio- London press on the performance are advertised in The Daily Tclcymph to-day. 