Temperance Items. The meeting of the Blue Ribbon-Army-at Port- Adelaide la*t Friday was well filled. Mr. Dnrton presided, and reviewed the sermon recently preached by the Rev. James Berry on the Drink Traffic. The Rev. S;- Raymond addressed the meeting on the same topic, referring to some of the criticisms on Mr. Berry's remarks. Mr. F. Davis also addressed tha meeting and gave a recitation. A friend from Cornwall spoke, and Mr. George gave a solo. Hymns were rendered by the choir, Miss Proctor acting as organist. The whole meeting was bright, lively, and enthusiastic. One signed the pledge. A meeting of the Port Adelaide Congregational Band of Hope was held on September 5, when the Hindmarsh Baod of Hope and Lifeboat Crew gave an entertainment. The programme, which was exceedingly interesting, opened, with an overture by Miss Williams. This was followed by songs irotn Miss Goodall |and Messrs. Ophel and A. Vardon; Mr Thomas gave a recitation, which was followed by aq address by the chairman, Mr. Pickering. The Lifeboat Crew then came on the stage and opened with a song and chorus, entitled " Twilight," followed by a yarn by Mr. Strutton. . Following this was two more songs, and choruses and yarns, and the entertainment finished up with a ghost story in the form of a dialogue by three of the Crew. Refreshments and votes of thanks concluded an interesting and instructive meeting. The Blue Ribboners, together with a number of their supporters, met at the Town Hall, Port Augusta, last week for a few hours' social enjoyment. Mr. Houuslow, from Port Adelaide, was in the chair. The programme carried out was interesting, consisting of a few very short addresses, and the usual contributions of temperance songs and recitations. Among the speakers were the Chairman, His Worship Mr. C. E. Robertson, and the Revs. Martin and Bradbury. Misses Burgoyne, Conway, Kitto, and Mitchell contributed musical selections, and Misses Ward, Vincent, Corbett, Ward and Mitchell, and Messrs. White, Satterly and Burgoyne, recitations and dialogues The proceedings closed with a supper, nearly £3 being netted for the Blue Ribbon funds. During last year 248 signed the pledge and the year closes with a balance in hand of £2. 