[WRITTEN ron THE GAZETTE, BY HUGHIE.] WELL, there's no danger To come by Kooryte, Though none but a stranger Would come there by night ; For stories are rife of the things that are seen By that deep, slimy water-hole, rushy and green, Where the moonlight comes glancing the tree tops between, And casts on the water a white sickly sheen. None take the back track Where the road makes a curve, For the mountain is black, And it needs a strong nerve To come in the dark, where the mountain-top pledges Its troth to the clouds that bang over its ledges Where the road winds among the rough hill's j rocky edges, j And down where the water lies dark in the sedges. But, of all scenes accurst. There is none like Kooryte, It is seen at its worst i When the fog comes at night. Then the mountain lies hid in a grey cloudy veil, And the tree-trunks look dark, and the moon gleams through pale, And up from the water the dank vapours sail, Aod a sound can be heard like a last dying wail. But the waters lie dark, And the sedges are green, And the horrors they mark, And the things they have seen Are acted by night when we alt should be sleeping. For then, while the shades and the shadows are creeping, The dark, slimy water-hole yields from its keeping The ghosts who spend night- time in laughing and weeping. As in years long ago, They enact their black deeds, And sad sounds of woe Come up from the reeds. And the ghosts through the grasses go dancing and leaping, And the thoughts of their doings would set one's flesh creeping And their laughter so loud, and the woe in their weeping AU tell that the fruits of their sin they are reaping. On a dark stormy night, And no moon in the sky, Few people have been On that mountain road high. Then the wind, with a wait, through the tall gum trees pushes, And skrieks, like the shriek of a demon that crushes His way through the scrub and the thick tangled bushes, To where the dark water-hole lies in the rushes. One night long ago, On that mountain's high crest I stood, while below, And away to the west A storm, in its power majestic, was grumbling ; And then, 'midst the sounds of the wind, and rain tumbling Not drowned by the sound of the thunder's loud rumbling There floated up shrieks, and between them a mumbling As spirits, who, staying In bondage down there, To Heaven are praying As much as they dare. How they gloated, alive, when they sinned for a treasure They courted their doom-they must drink the full measure They laughed at their God-they incurred His displeasure And now in the darkness repent at their leisure. And Kooryte, 'neath its curse, Is dismal and weird ; Each year it grows worse, And the demons who feared Neither God, man or devil when living, and spending Their lives in their sins, till their sins were past mending They laughed at their doom, though they saw it impending Now their doom must endure - AND ENDURE WITHOUT ENDING. The boy who is whacked, cuffed, kicked, half-starved, over-worked, and otherwise neglected, if he keeps out of prison and does not die, makes the best man. The Walcha newspaper says : " Mr. Derrington, by hypnotism, put several mining investors on to some likely reefs in the district, from which it is considered they will make good returns." What rot. But when you come to think ot it, the public have been fairly hypnotised by mining sharks long enongh, and it is time the tables were reversed. 