NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY OUTIS.) Tho Maclean mystery luis once more reared its horrid front anions the Boakcd maize- fiolds of the northern rivers. This shuddery wonder lias at intervals for years past por- ' plexcd a sturdy and self-reliant yeomanry and diverted their minds from rapturous meditation on the growth of tho crops or tho possibilities of a protective tariff which would parnlyso tho New Zealand corn, grower. Tho placid round of conversation about the lucerne in O'.Shaughnessy'H river paddock, cr what MacGregor sold his yoke of bullocks for, Imb been broken in upon by blood-congealing narratives of mysterious showers of stones descending in the lonely midnightona widow's roof ; of strange sounds, muttered presages, atid ghostly proceedings. The hand of inscrutable IVovidencc was seen in all this by some. "Old 111011 and beldames in the street did prophecy upon it dangerously." Round bar parlor fires the Tarn o1 Shunters of tho place would forget the landlady's charms in hearkening to talcs of omen and d(irk indication ; of Fisher's ghost, the Myall Creek devilry, and the headless rider of Old Man Plain ; "of horrid stabs and shrieks forlorn, and murders done in caves." The imagination of an important agricultural area was thus fed fat, until some practical polico and neighbors took a hand in the business, and the yawning stone jug was made homelike by tho presence in it of several stone-throwers. After this it was thought that the mystery had been laid, and, like the Dora Dora blacks, would never ngain be heard of. But it " will not down." Tho latost phase introduces now characters and elements. A member of an alleged stone- throwing family has been found concealed in tho bed of the lady whose house had been . tho theatre of the visitations. His explana tion was that lie got in through tho window and wanted to have a sleep, and, save for a slight confusion of tncum and tuum, it was rational enough. He knew what a bed was for and was apparently able, like Hamlet, to tell a hawk from a handsaw, or, unlike the Grafton lunatic of last week, to mark the fine distinction between a magistrate and a flying fox. Nevertheless he has been adjudged of errant mind, and sent up for seven days. But here tho plot thickens. It seems that in spite of vigilant watchings, the incarceration of proven culprits, and other such preventive measures, tho stone- throwing has gone on again. But lately human or spirit hands have shied stones on an adjoining house, and sent a formal notifi cation to the occupiers that if there was any more stono-throwing after that they would be blown up with dynamite, the result of which has been an ominous silence. One may hope that nothing will occur to compel a resort to the methods of Homestead or Hull in mysterious circles. Business mon in the vicinity of King - street are naturally aggrieved at tho tardy progress made in laying down tho tramline. To havo traflic blocked for a single day means loss to most of them, and it is rather surprising that at the meeting held yesterday the date fixed to meet and talk tho mattor over with the contractor was not earlier than to-morrow. In tho matter of important road alterations and improve ments of the larger kind, .Sydney suffers con siderably both in a public and in a private sense, both in money and convenience. The building of this tramline lias been accom panied by great waste of the ratepayers' funds, inasmuch as soino of the roads that had to be dug up to make tiio cable track had been newly metalled and rolled a day or two before. And incon venience is no adequate name for tho tribulation suffered through chronic upheaval of the earth in main thoroughfares. No one can leave his premises in the morning hout a fear that when he returns at night ho street in front will be converted into mighty yellow excavation, with poles round it and lanterns burning at each corner for many nights thereafter. Then no one can miAnA fltiAitnli t.lin mni>l.u ffnc.lirrKt nrl cl.rnot.n gtu|jv miuu«0ji "."."j b"- m,. — — on any particularly wet night without find ing men playing water on them with power ful nozzles in every interval between the showers. In no city of tho world docs there seem to bo such a fatuous slashing around of water or such promiscuous grubbing up of wood blocks. Almost coincident with the departure of tho Royal Tar for Paraguay, another colo nising expedition is about to go forth. Just when mal-de-mer will have reduced mateship to its lowest ebb among the " tall western men " of Lane's heroic expedition, and made every prospect vile, another wild band of adventurers will gather their scanty belong ings, and sot their faces southward. In spired by the glowing optimism of Copeland, tliesc " argonauts " will leave Newtown to morrow, and seek fortune among tho savage fastnesses of Bega as a co operative colony. They will leave the old life and the old associations behind them, to pitch their tents in the heart of an almost unknown Town Common, and sock in humble pastoral and agricultural pursuits that prosperity which tho Minister for Lands has promised everybody under his Act. That they may attain it in the measure of at least securing bread through the pro duction of butter will be the wish of all. There arc no such sufferings and dangers before them as the awful billows and sleet storms of the Horn may bring, or the treachery or helplessness of unreliable Governments may involve. But — who knows? If they succeed in forming a stable settlement and become local voters, the snombor for the district may go out to address them. Ho may quote a few fathoms of figures to show that no Treasurer save one ever really understood tho business. Now South Wales pioneering also needs pluck. Mudgee has been visited by an earthquake more scvoro, according to the oldest inhabi tant, than anything formerly done in that way. Tho oldest inhabitant, however, is usually a tiresome ass who finds in every thing that happens, or doesn't happen, an opportunity for inflicting himself at great length regarding subjects ho is entirely ignorant of upon persons who don't want to hear about it and can't well get away. When the excitement simmers down it may be found that someone has been blasting, or that a tree fell, or that any of the things happened from which carlhquako scares arise. If there really was an earthquake, it must fill the soul of the Government Astronomer with envy. He has in tho Observatory a seismograph, a weiid machine which science has devised for tho purpose of registering tho force, direction, width, height, and duration of earthquakes, it has been there for years, und while tanta lising reports of very scvoro convulsions of nature come in from country districts like Mudgcc, where tho oldest inhabitant lives, not a shock worth speaking of has occurred in Sydney. It has never had a chance yet to show what cau bo done in checking off und keeping tally of earth tremors. In the matter of earthquakes this colony is really away behind, and the most trivial dis turbance causes unreasonable pride. New Zealand can point tho linger of acorn at us on that subject — as she can on most others just now. In Wellington it is not unusual to see a most unanimous stampede of the entire population into tho streets. And in the billiard-rooms of the Hot Lakes district the player inexperienced in local peculiarities drops his cue in tho middle of a break and runs for the open when tho balls begin rolling about the table 011 their own account. The weekly meeting of tho committee of the Labor Homo was hold 011 Friday after noon, ut 557 Harris-street, Ultimo. The chair was occupied by the Rev. .1, i). Lang- ley, and there were present the Rev. D. IT. Dillon, Messrs. W. H. Dibley, John Sidney, the hon. secretary (Charles J. K. Uhr), and the manager (K. Crothcr). The chairman re ported that during tho week ended J uly 8 : — Number of meals served, 539 ; beds occupied, 165; temporary employment found for 2; permanent for i3 ; dismissed, 1; remaining, 15 persons. The farm report was received from the superintendent Meals served, 117; beds oeeunied. 49: remaining on the farm, 7 men. The hon. secretary handed in a cheque im £1 10s, donation from the Church of England Association, for the farm. 