Football Fancies. Thu Humours ot "Hnrrac-Iclng."' IK Mio Franklin Theory woro but watertight! If ono could deludo oneself lido tho conviction Hint violent oxeroiso fora few moments wore equivalent to moder- ate exertion for hours, how tho football fever would bonni! 1 ho liintutinul dnso of dumbell or club, tho daily trudge into town, and tho brisk walk back, tho thousand «nd one devices for assisting thc Internal machinery, would soon bolong to a barbarous inst . football weald boeomo tho unlvorsul palmeen. and much valuable timo would bo saved. Unfortunately, howovur, tho cumulative theory only looks well oiî paner, as anyone may learn who enres lo put it to tho tost, but the footballer still flourishes-nome for tho very gamos sako.a few for thc A-itrio* which is supposed to uttaoh to it. Tho latter seldom shino when brilli- ance is required. Hut thu activo temperament lovos tho gnuie with an abiding oli'ectlon, not ns a moans to health, but chid y as a eonvuniciit outlet for physical energy. Hotter that one should pursuo thu olnslvofoot ball than (ly to Ills wo know notof. Afterull, tho gamo has Its good points. Who but tho enthusiast cnn fathom tho wild exhilar- ation of n frantic gallop gonlwnrds-provlilod that il is ill thu right direction - or tho solid satisfaction of a well-judged kluk, or tho soothing oll'ect of an linox poetou cropper," to say nothing of the uftcr-fcollnir when ono regains consciousness/ Lat tho cynical scnlfi they iindui-stnnd lt not. What is a broken limb, or a faeu put "out of drawing," compared with nil lids? JJfo ls loo short for hairsplitting. It is »ot through tho players' spectacles, however, that ono sees tho best pf tho gamo, or, In liko manner, through those of tho "barracker. W}\,a JP'.'Kth of ills lungs shall yo know tho truo artist in tills department of thu gamo. Hy tho keen- ness of lils wit by tba pointedness und profusion of his adjectives, nm! above all by tho rollncniciitof his meta- phor. If you chanco upon Mooro Park on n Sui unlay afternoon, you may hear him nt his work. This ia Romawhat tho stylo of lt-" Now then, boys, toiler up . on thu bull; look out for tho Ulli cove on tho right : thorp yor liar ; up-cud 'lin ; screw his bloomln' neck ; thats tho style. "Jump on'ls chest; slton 'lui: elvo im to-rn-ra." (Tho goiitloiiinn gets bt-ra-ra, or some thing to tlmt otl'cct, tor he immediately comes to grief ; tho umpire's tyhUtlo sounds for a scrimmage). 'O'ack lu. boys ; walk over oin ; imomyl hoo-bloomin'-my !' Lookout he iud; Jumbos «ot it ; pull 'i>n down Seo that covo tackle/ Look Ibero ; .luck's on tu 'iñ, i" (Jumbo's wclglit ls against him. Down ho goos liku un ox that is fulled). " Well collared. Glvo'om Hts ¡ roll 'om over. Played, a inger ; run ¡tout. Say, Hill, that's tho cove wot can spiel ! look nt. 'lin I Aili fc 'a dodgy ?" (Ginger is uertululy u trillo inclined that, way, but ho has not sutilclcut paco, mid ho ls Incontinently thrust Into "touch"). "Wot a jolly shamo I Never mind throw lt out; 'o's gotitagnln, Soo, 'o's ott", 'a's ovor t No! Yes! Pass, pass, you fool. 1 looroo! they're over. A try-a try! No ( Wow inc, lt lt ain't only a ' force.' " U no Individual who lins caused all tho commotion sorts himself out from a confused heap behind thu goal, mid gingerly feels for tho place whore his bend used to bo ; tho leather Is onoo moro kicked out, and the whole scone recommences. Its a great gamo! Thon tho piny stop* abruptly. " Wat's up?" shout tho barraekcrs. A quivering mass of arms and legs and hoads and bodies slowly unravel itself, leaving nu apparently lifeless body on tho ground, Thoso who aro yet wliolo devote themselves to Its resuscitation by crowding round so ns to "give him air," wlillo a glnss of wntor is brought. "Is ho killed?" queries a tremulous female volco lu tho crowd. "Killed I No, In courso 'o ain't; 'o's only winded :" A limp llgnro ls carefully carried oil' thu fluid of piny to unablo tho mulch to proceed. .Murmurs of commiseration from sympathetic spectators, mid a volco : " Wot a bloomin' shnmo to slop tho guinn Uko this I Theso fetlors tbut's nllus gel tin' hurt ought tor go mid play tunnls or bowls, or somctliin' o' that sort: spoiliu' a good gamo like this." Hy tho time half ii dozen or so have aro mndo anent thc flimsiness nf tho player's limbs, or, If everything olso fails, there Is tho umplro to fnll upon and dorine. Poor limn, bo sometimes gets a pretty bad quurlor of mi hour when tho eye of tho barracker turns lils way. In nil conscience his lot ls not a happy one nt thu best uf times, without tba addi- tional distraction of a running Uro of comment ns to lils personal appearance, about which he cares ltttlo lu the lieut of tho contest. Hut It's a great gamo. "Harrneklng"apart, however, lt. has lu redeeming features, If one will but look for them. Even players themselves ndmlt that, biko tho lusty mun who rejoices to run a race, so tho strong of sinew und sound of lung revel lu its very roughness, mid laugh ta scorn tho merest suggestion of danger. Accidents will hnppun, you know, In tho qiilotcst, of occupations I What ls tho good of croaking? Why draw tho lina nt football, mid Include racing of nil kinds, hunting, or polol Tills spice ot danger gives thain fillip mid attnicttun,-Jivho. AMATEUlt ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION.-At tho monthly mooting of tho council of tho N.S.W. Amateur Atlilotlo Association, tho following mot lon tvns carried in reference to records ;-"That thero bo ndded to tho rules of tho association ono to tho following effect, to bo called Hule 5.1 of rules referring to raco meetings : No records will bc cousfdored by tho nssocin tion unless the following conditions hava boon com- piled with:-At least three tlmckcopers must luivo timed tho raco, lind tho limo recorded by each must bo supplied. Tho watches must bu started at tho (lash of the pistol. Tho starter must also certify to tho fact tlmt the competitor claiming the record did not lu his opinion get away before tho firing ot tho pistol. Tho track must have been measured min. out from tho odgo immediately utter tho race, and tho measurement cer- tified to by tho secretary and ouu other ofllcial of tho club, at whose meeting tho record was mndo. Tho longth or height of nnyjiimp and distance of any 'put, must bo eortllied t o bj- Mia socrotury and tho j migo of tho event. On tho motion of Mr. Coombes tho fallow- ing resolution was ugrcad to :-" Th ls association hears with pleasure that the New Zealand A.A.A. ls willing to work with kindred associations in Australia for tho purpose of scuding an Australian lenin to tho forth- coming Pnn-llrltmuilo contests, and suggests that a conference bo held In Holbourne nt tho conclusion of tho first Australasian championship todiseuss such pro ^"FOOTHALL. - On Monday nt a mooting of somo t won ty (i vo persons f« vomblo co tho formal lon of n second footbnll club nt Maclean, lt was decided to tako stops to ondeavour to arrange a match with tho existing club on Saturday. Tho now club was named tho " Pirates." CYCLING.-Yet iinothcr pneumatic tire lins como upon tho London market, its name hoing tho Sydney. GOOD TEMPLAH MISSION". - On account of tho success which attended thc first six days of tho Good Templar Mission commenced In Balmain on lim 15th Inst., it was arranged to continue tho meeting* through another week. On Sunday a socond publia demonstra- tion tvns held lu tho local Town Hull, when a largo audience gathered to hoar an nddross from Mr. It. Crabb on " Nuts toernck." Tho principal nuts cmckod wore of tho Biblical order, by willoh ir was sought to oxplodo Mic "Biblical authority" thoorlos advanced by Christian people us an excuso for tho moderato drinking of intoxicating liquors. What tho Church wanted, snld Mr. Crabb, was moro of tho Holy Ghost " ELECTm^YÍKO A THIKF.-A Christchurch (N.Z.) paper recounts tho following nimming incident: '. Recently a gentleman mid lits wife had a lengthy argument on thc question of blenching by menus o£ olecriclty. Tho gentleman holligan utnatotirolcotrlclaii had connected tho week's wash ns lt hung out to dry and blench on a thorn fonco witth a coupla of copper wires, mid before going to bcd had laid on tho current from the battery. Somowhero about 2 a.m. the whola of tho neighbourhood, which is infested with cats, was disturbed by a dismal howling, which Increased In fearful shrieks, and in order to quoll tho row our horn wont forth In lils pyjamas mid slippers, armed with a shot. gnu. He was sure that cab* woro on the fonco where tho clothes were ar very near it, but fortunately there was a little moon, and beforo (Iring ho saw that a> woman was writhing in pain with a wot shoot in ono hand and tho skirt of another garment In tho other. Her first cxclnnintlon wus, 'For goodness snko, If you let mo oir this time I'll give lt up.' Ho had to go Indoors to disconnect tho wires, and on roturnlng ba found that} tho thief was gone, togother with tho sheet nnd tho other garment. Thero ward signs that sho had had a. terrible struggle, wh'-'---'.> --»? Visit the baot again. 