STAGE, SONG' AND SHOW. "STftUCK OliL" AT HER MAJESTY'S. "Richelieu" at the Criterion. "The Mountebanks'' -at the Lyceum —The American Myatlflers— The Tlyoll— The AUiarnbra-CooBeo Aquarium, Wt'th tho reopening tb-night of the Cri terion Thoatre and she Operu House things thentrfo "I >n this city will com mence t 0 buzz with 'increased 1 energy. Ut tho slx tneatiroe wmcn win offer indnc 'moots to spbeulators to-night one will be devoted to opera, throe to drama, one to the purely legitimate and one to .variety. T "his competition 'vill bo cer tain to split the voto ai- the plaj'gV'r, and if all managements'. are perfectly aatisfK'f w'th tike result in a \ month's time it will', bo a nkttter for deep and soulful congraU','a" tion. 1 In the Drorinntinrr of. " Tho Mounte- , baults," which is to ta.he placo at tho Lyceum Theatre this evening, Messrs. Williamson and MusgroVi e will, it is under stood, make one of tho \ big efforts of the season, by which wi 1 mean that the management will, \ in presenting tho new work, use oV sry eudoavor to render the represent! stion worthy wt. the beauty of the work ai, id of tho high "reputation which tho Lyceum \ lartners have made for completeness and k 'Xcellenoe in every respect. Without dippii ng to any extent into the argumont'of I'l'l ie Mounte- banks," or touching in more thai; a passing way upon the many qualitios vYi bich have conduced to its extraordinary'-, success, wo may draw attention i to tlio fact that it constitutes tH e only joint work of Messrs. Gilbert ani 1 Alfred Cellier, and that the lat-c lamented a omposer died whilst'as it were tbie ink was t 'till wet upon the manuscript score. Indeed Death caaio upon him before lie had writ ten tho overture to the work, mud this defl oienoy had to be supplied fro m an earlier- work. Tiie music lias been spok pn of as greed, ful in the extreme, and of Mr," Gilbert's lib.retto it is said that it constit mtes ono of his . flop piest efforts. To-night' a cast will be. i the same as that which w as 'concerned in> the Melbourne production, with the cxcepition of tho part of Alfredo, which will be played by Mr. Tapley instead of; Mr. Brocey. It is worthy of note that iu matter of costumes, properties, scenery, J;u., the proratctietu will je equal in every respect to the Lyric origiuul — if not more. so. . ' 1 In tho course of nometbing w « had to say last week with refureuce to the preparation for Italian opnnv in Melbourne, we men tioned that Mr. Goatcher was-, engaged upon the Bcnne'.-y for "Gavalleria Rusticana." Wo meant Mr. Gordon, and 'we now rise to say so., A short and, we think we imo.y, fairly say, successful revival of " Coni'asi'hn," closed at H.er Majesty's Theatre laac Might, when a final shriek of laughter west rdofwards over the complications which ensue j jpon the mix up of a iap-dog and a bouncin g infant, the latter a surreptitious addition 'to the house hold props. Lotus, however, turn from this heartrending spectacle tio whal 0 is promised for this evening. It will, we feel cer tain, be hnown with a very great amount 0 f pleasur'o by all play goers that "8truc'.c Oil," one of. tho most successful dramar. the stage libs ever known, is to be revived at Her Maji.sty'a Theatre, and with feelin gs of even deeper'gladness will it bo learned ' that Miss Maggie Moore is to bo the Liz.' ;i0 Stofel. It is somewhat late in tho do' y to descant at length upon the immense -ecord which this play has put up, or to d" ('me Up0n the many qualities of wholesr ,me fun and homely pathos which adorn ;tt Jt may be of interest, however, t® nark just here that Miss Maggie Moore bfvo, in the part of Lizzio Stofel, delighted audience on no less than 5000 'of jasions. With what enthusiasm her per- Ifr.rmaiiee in this character lias been re- f «ived ryherever it has been seen i3 too well 'itnown to need any roferenco here. The 1 John Stofel of to-night will, ho Mr. John Faroe, who ijit-B gained great fame in tile port, and the su'oport will bo provided by Mr. Rignold's company. As usual "Struck 'Oil" will be followed by "The Chinese Question." The inexplicably woude>.r(ulcn'er';atDmon'3 At,..- u.. .'hft Stoenn at the L(juu 0.1c uciu ivuu uy » School of Arts have deligh,tec> , as my8fafied, all who have seeu their display. We looked in the oth&." . evening in time to see a coma1'"00 . well-known Sydney gontlomen \growing bald-headed in a combined effort to K'nd out how it was done, but- the more difficult '"e teat t.he more rapidly and succesBfu'''y Madame Steen met the demand. We ha\'® in our experience encountered the mind- reader in many localities, and in the majorii'-.y of instances he has succeeded in raising our hair iu wonderment, but wc have never encountered anything of the sort toisqual the display given by the Steens. It will I be noticed that Mr. , Steen and his wife offer £1000 to any so-callod spiritualist or clai rvoyant if he and Madame Steen cannot duplicate their work by trickery, nnrl «vJ en tlink t.Vinv nrn tO flfTer anotho r thou, that the spiritualists cannot do tho ir work at all. This should lead to a highly interesting teBt. A matinee will be given t .his afternoon. Foeli ng that everything possiible has been done toi ensure a very worthy representa tion of " Rielielieu," Mr. WuJ'.ter Bentley rcgardu the inauguration of his tieaBonat the Criterion Theatre with a. calmness and serenii.y that are doubtleiis born of the consciousness that a ;.)ood thing is calculated 'to meet wit 111 liberal re cognition from the playgoifrs of Sydney. To us it seoms that an earnest effort has in this instance been made to present the legitimate in such garb as it seldom has the fortune to wear, and that it baa been Mr. Bentle'y'a care to see that nothing has been left undone that is xtecosBary to succgbs. Special efforts havo been made to render the scenic portion of the rovival as complete and correct as the skill and resource of clever artiste can onsure. To this ond Mr. W. B. Spong has been working almost unceasingly for weeks past, a fact which, in our estimation, offers guarantee of excellence in this particular respect. A full-dress rehearsal of "Richlien" took place at tho Criterion Theatre last night, when Mr. Walter Bentley and his talented company made their final preparations for the opening of the season this evening. Tho rehearsal was witnoued by a num ber of criticB and others interested in matters theatrical, and it was quite evidont from tho way in which the piece wns mounted and put through that a great deal of care and cost had been bestowed upon it. The Ourdiual's costume worn by Mr. Bentley wns rich in the extreme, and attracted much attention. Tho vestments wero lined with geranium-colored satin, and the whole of the magnificent dress was in thorough keeping with tho era. Splendid costumes were worn by Mrs. Molyneaux as Julie and Miss Ruth Wilmot as Marion de Lorme. The scenery by Mr. Spong is excellent, end the robes of the other lending characters are splendid. There should be a big house to-night, as the g,, nts in the dress-circle are pretty well l.ukv""1 anc the rows of reserved stalls aro to be im/rensed. It is expected that Lady Dnff andal.tfH0 party from Government House will be. present, as well as his Honor Sir William '- Windeyer, the Mayor of Sydney aud others. . SuceeBS of \ 'n overwhelming character has so far attends 'd -th® reappearance of Mr. Arthur Tinsley at the Tivoli, end once more Mr. Rick, ars has u" reason t0 grasp himself h. enrtily by the hand over the engag, ement. Each even ing of the " wet ''t tlle auditorium of the homo of "The. Little Nipper "has been crowdod to a ct ingested condition, many intending patronB h aving had to post pone the visi c. Pope an, Sayles have in stalled themselves as strong favoriteB with Tivoli frequenleiB, and a, 'together the present bill is regarded as flirt. "ler ovidsuee of the Rickardian resolve to malt, 5 5ett(!r, and even better still. By the wa D Henry, of that ilk, has been away at Dapty"1 ruralis- ing and humming somo of his lutes, " 10 'h® birds in the greenwood — if there are 1, ny nP that way. As announced last week, the Opera Hot 18e will, after a protracted period of vacancy '< be reopened to-night by Mr. C. Ulting, a gentleman well known in journalistic circles. Mr. Ut'.ing has, we lielievo, from time to time turned his attention to tho manufac ture of plays, a sample of which, " White Slaves," will be presented to-night by ' a company specially selected for the season. I: is hoped that by making every eflort to produce the pieces worthily Mr, Uttiug's venture may meet with a fair share of success. Special reference is made by the management to the engagement of Miss Jennie Lee, who, despite London rumor, is very much alive, and particularly well, thunk you. Thp management of the Coogee Aquarium announces that in addition to the u/iual attractions for spending a pleasant Suo day afternoon at this favorite seaside resort, Pro fessor and Mkdame Steen will perform i.here to-morrow afternoon. The cntertainmnnt of these clever people is really marvelloun, and some of the items on the program too are truly mystical. Patrons of the Alhambra Music Hal 1 will be provided with a grand evening's t inter- tainment, a well-compiled programme having been arranged for to-night. A new scene, "Glimpses of Fairyland," painte d by Mr. W. J. Barlow, will add to thecnteri »in- ment considerably. Amongst the new it ems ou the programme will be> a song and du aico sketch entitled " The Golden Snml per Time," by four ladies and gents. Mr. T. VC. ' Callaghan nnd Miss Elorrie St. Clair \ rill give their latest songs and dances, and i (r. Callaghan will appear in the latost Lend on success "Tho Recruiting Sergeant." .In addition Mis3 Millie Herberte, Messr. 1. Wallace King, Sam Keenan and Fran k Yorke and the Sisters Sherwood have al l new items. Modeiin Society is rough on the pro fession. In a recent issue it writes: — By the way, tho blackballing of Mr. Bancroft, the actor, the other day, at the Athemcum Club, London, came as a very cruel blow to him, hut was certainly not a surprise. 'J.'lie number of years his name has been down as that of u candidate ou tho books of the Athenicnm has nothing whatcvor to do with the affair : it was a mistake on his Dart ever to allow it to be put down, and a mistake on the part of his proposer and seconder to allow him to be balloted for when every one in the club knew that Mr. Bancroft had not a ghost of a chance of being elected. All this is very unfortunate, and personally we feel the deepeBt sympathy for Marie Wilton's husband; but tho truth of the matter is that there is a general, feeling in society that too much has of late beeu made of actors, and that the time has now come W hen a stand must be made against thle- overwhelming advance of the caboiin. 'The Prince of Wales in his good nature always exaggerates those thiugs, and as he grows oldsr tho more extravagant would his Royal Highness seem to become in his kindness. The harm the Prince did with the professional beauty craze, we all remember ; and also that mad fad for Yankees, male and female, will be present to the minds of our readers. Ail sorts, and conditions of men and women from the land of tho wooden nutmeg, where in many instances ;.hey were excluded from the best society, found ready admittance to our most exclusive coteries and clubs, thanks to the tavor at the Prince of Wales, and all kinds of unpleasant incidents were the result. A lady whose morality wub moro than shady, and who would not have been received in uNy decent house in her native State, was presented at Court here not many years ago ; and the ndven- riirno nf n. male Yankee, hv name Stockwoll. who "let in " every member of the Marl borough House coterie, from his Royal Highness himself to George Chetwynd, tho Guileless, and then fled from the country, made a groat noise at tho time. All this was the fault of the Prince's extravagant kindness. 