Notes of the "Week. RAILWAY RKVEXITE-For week ended July 29th £400. 20 cases of pearlshell were exported ex ss Airlie ; also £400 worth of gold and 44 bags fish. Up to a late hour yesterday the Wandy Wandy hanging party had not returned from Bowen Straits. The latest record in cricket is the remarkable score of 343 made by the Australians playing against the combined Universities, . Mr. N. Holtze, Curator of the Palmerston Gardens, was a passenger for here by the Airlie. We are informed that the Chinese continue, to pass south to strike the Queensland Border. In the midst of all the racing enthusiasm it will be well for our readers to bear in mind that the Dramatic Society's concert is fixed for Monday evening next. Since the display of the plan of seats the tickets have been taken up rapidly, thus giving earnest of a bumper house. It is well to find that the Literary and Debating Society's meeting stands adjourned till next Friday, the 11th. By the time the races and concert are out of hand, citizens may be inclined for a few days quiet. A mob of 150 head of cattle from Mr. Costello's Valley of Springs run has just arrived at the Katherine, on their way to Palmerston, presumably for export. The trade in live cattle between Port Darwin and Manila is being quietly experimented with by the local representatives of Goldsbrough, Mort & Co. Another lot of 20 bullocks for the land of "smokes" formed part of the Airlie's cargo outwards. There is no Cordial or Elixir of which alcohol is a constituent element, that will not inebriate, if taken in sufficient quantity. Any excess, however, is pernicious. One may partake of the healthiest food and eat to nauseating surfeit; one may even sur- charge the stomach by imbibing too freely of water, and suffer ill effects; but it is claimed that WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS is not intoxicating, on the ground that an ordinary draught will produce such a grateful exhilaration, that only one who is bent on vestment would crave excessive indulgence in it. A report founded upon good authority was circulated throughout the town early in the week to the effect that smallpox had developed itself on board the ss. Chingtu while that boat was on her way to the south. In connection with the rumour it was asserted that the outbreak of the disease occurred when the steamer was one day out from Port Darwin that Mr. Bennetts (manager of the Jensen G. M. Co.) was the first to show it and Mr. Albert Hanns the next and so on, and so forth. A few hours after the telegram announcing the outbreak came through the ship was quarantined in about six different places and one half the living souls on board were stricken down with the disease. The simple truth seems to be that a case of smallpox did make its appearance the day after leaving Port Darwin, the sufferer being an Asiatic. On arrival of the steamer at Thursday Island the matter was reported to the Health authorities, who placed the infected passenger in quarantine. The passengers by the Chingtu were a mixed lot, comprising quite a crowd of Europeans, a host of Japanese, and a smattering of the cheerful Chinese. From Port Darwin the passengers included Mr. Bennetts, Mr. Hanns, Miss Gummow, Master Doyle, and Mr. and Miss Oliver. In consequence of telegraphic information received at Macon (says the Straits Times) that the kingdom of Maubara had risen against the Portuguese forces in Timor Island, a gun- boat has been despatched with a military contingent. Some serious fighting is expected. From Singapore papers we discover that smallpox is claiming victims there but the deaths seem to be few and far between. The ss. Airlie arrived Wednesday afternoon from southern ports, and left for Hongkong yesterday. Mr. and Mrs. Ellis arrived in the Airlie to take over the management of the Club Hotel. The outbreak of smallpox on the s.s. Chingtu is an instructive lesson, and we cannot help remarking that the precautions which we are supposed to take to keep our port free of infection are rather dubious. If it is true that the disease first appeared the day after the steamer left here, all we can say is that it was cutting matters pretty fine. Whilst the Chingtu was lying at the wharf with the disease pretty well developed on board, her passengers made good use, of their legs ashore, and shore people visited the ship in considerable numbers. If the vessel came from an infected port there was certainly no outward display of the fact. We do not know whether the disease hangs fire" always as it seems to have done in the case before us. The general belief appears to be that smallpox shows itself in from three to five days from the time it attacks a person, but this cannot be a reliable theory, because here we have an instance of a man who (supposing that he boarded the ship at the last port of call before Port Darwin would have been twelve days on the steamer before the disease developed itself. The suggestions which arise from this singular fact are manifold, and none of them too cheerful to contemplate. The s.s. Catterthun will not arrive here so early as was anticipated, in consequence of her calling at Timor. She is due about Monday next. The Rev. Father O'Brien left for the country districts on Tuesday. The Wesleyan Sunday School picnic is fixed for Tuesday next. Poor old Brittannia, the pride of the ocean, and sundry other noble and chivalric things too numerous to particularise, has had to back down over the Franco Siamese- trouble most igno miniously. Her bluff has been totally disregarded by France, and Siam, having nothing substantial at her back in the way of a protector, has consented to French terms- for peace. Dear old England stood behind Siam, until! the Frenchmen showed that they were " out for bear ;" now, when everything is calm and peaceful, again, she joins; Germany for the protection of their mutual interests in the disturbed country. The last ultimatum that we recollect indicated that -if France- did! any promiscuous shooting- prior to a formal declaration of war, Britain would intervene and make things very is very. Instead of being scared at this France has kept on shooting, and has, succeeded in bringing Siam to' a state of humility which certainly justifies - the cackling that is going on at Paris.-. Verily, yea verily, the British lion, is a gorgeous myth. An awkward question, and one that" it was just as well to have ventilated,, was raised last week bearing on the forthcoming - race meeting. It had reference to Rule 13 of the S.A.J.C. which provides that ?' If a horse run at any meeting-in South Australia. " which is not advertised as required by Rule 5, and which meeting not " held under the management of the "South Australian Jockey Club, or some 01 nb whose name is not on the aforesaid Register . of Clubs, such horse shall be and is by such act " perpetually disqualified for all races "or meetings to which these Rules apply, and if it shall be proved to the " satisfaction of the Stewards or Com"mittees of any race meeting held " under and. subject to these rules, that " any horse has at any time run at any " meeting in South Australia which " was not held" under and subject to these rules, such horse shall be dis " disqualified, although it come in first. " and the owner, nominator, and any " other person or persons having any " interest in such horse shall be dealt " with as the Stewards or Committee " may think fit. Provided always that " the Stewards or Committee of the "South Australian Jockey Club may " at any time remove any such dis- qualification." The serious trouble into which the above rule, if strictly adhered to, would have plunged the Club, may be gauged from the fact that of all the horses nominated only two (Alcalde and Miss Sayle) were eligible to run at our races, because all, the others had previously taken part in unregistered meetings. The prospect was therefore presented of the two horses named having a walk-over for all their engagements. Naturally enough, horse owners became excited at such a possibility, and in accordance with their wishes the Secretary of the Club referred the matter to the S. A. J. C. through the Members for the Territory, eliciting the following reply : -" Interviewed Whitington Saturday and received following reply :-' Have ' interviewed my Committee this morn ' ing and pm authorised to inform you that under the circumstances my Committee will remove the disqualify ' cation of all horses which have in curred disqualification under Rule '18 by having run at unregistered meetings in the Northern Territory.. ' On application being made my Com mittee will make the removal of such ' disqualification retrospective.' " The question, therefore, has been settled, and all fear of trouble removed, but it is a point that should not be lost sight of in future. It simply means that if racing is to prosper here either all clubs must be registered or else they must abandon registration altogether. That was surely an extraordinary scene that occurred in the House of Commons last week in connection with the further advancement of the Home Rule Bill. We have had disgraceful conflicts take place at intervals in the Assemblies of Sydney, Melbourne, and. Adelaide; the Parisian Chamber of Deputies and the United States Congress have also provided some exciting moments in political warfare. But of all the degrading, scandalous exhibitions yet recorded, the Home Rule scene in point is surely transcendental. Coming from a community of legislators who profess" to" form a model' House on the. score of intelligence,, rectitude, and decorum, the slip down into a perfect chaos of disorder and spiteful brutality cannot he excused. For a quarter of an hour the House was nothing better than a low boxing; arena with a free fight- going on amongst a lot of low blackguards, and it may be taken ^ for granted that the" information which has been telegraphed to us is but a very bare outline of the whole thing, What an, uproar there must have been, and what- extreme delight must have been felt by the Conservatives when they saw the Labour man Burns being trampled on for his pains as a peace-maker, and the fiery Saunderson knocking the Home Rulers down like ninepins, while the original provoker of all this discontent sat in his place " pale and calm.? Poor old Gladstone ! Whatever may be his sins in other respects he is ever an honorable- gentleman personally, and deserves better than to be maliciously taunted as an " old dog." The fate of the Home Rule Bill is intensely un- certain so far as present indications lead to the formation of an opinion, but whatever be the ultimate end of the measure, it can be truthfully said that it has even at this early stage thoroughly deranged British politics. If the Bill passes there will be trouble and if it does not pass there will be rows ; so that between the two certain- ties the Grand Old Man stands a lively chance of either going insane or giving up the ghost entirely. We prophesy that while the discussion on Home' Rule continues the ' House of Commons will often be transformed into a Donnybrook Fair." '? We learn from Mr. Maraun that the date for opening the E. S. and A. Bank is still undecided, but that he has been advised to take the necessary steps preliminary to opening at an " early date." There is a good deal of the mirage about that early date, and customers of the bank must be heartily sick and tired of waiting for the old concern to get into working order again. Not that it matters much in the main, because the Bank intends to disgorge only accounts under £50 and odd shillings and pence. Under date 27th June, a Wyndham correspondent of the Perth weekly contributes the following particulars of a Kimberley incident :^-At the recent fire at the Fletcher police cktnp everything was destroyed. Police lost all their personal property. A white policeman was asleep in the camp at the time and had a narrow escape. Another policeman came in next morning with three prisoners. He found all burnt down. The three prisoners attempted to escape, and were shot. The natives are spearing horses and cattle in every direction." The same correspondent under date 30th June reported : - "There is a flour famine here. There has been no flour or rice here or on the goldfields for four weeks, since the steamer left, and four weeks must elapse before she arrives again. In the meantime the people are living on biscuits. Further particulars have been received of the burning of the Fletcher police camp. The natives set fire to the house in two places. A constable who was asleep in the house rushed out as the roof fell in, and hid behind a big stone. The ammunition in the house exploded with a loud report. The constable was almost naked, and had to wait till daylight next morning, when he picked up the tracks of the fleeing natives." Archer was hanged at Sydney on the 11th of last month, for the alleged violation and murder, some little time back, of a girl named Emma Harrison, with the circumstances of which no doubt most of our readers are so tri sentry familiar. Since the death sentence was passed strenuous efforts have been made by the prisoner's counsel to save his client from the clutch of the hangman, but without ? avail The execution appears to have resulted in another of those ghastly sensations for which Sydney has obtained notoriety, and is thus referred to by the Sydney Bulletin :-" Owing to the clumsiness of the Government man-butcher the proceedings eventuated in a hideous slaughter, long-drawn-out the convict would have died as quickly had he been broken on the wheel. Archer pleaded his innocence to the last. You are taking not only my life, he said, but the life of my wife the poor wretched little woman who, with her six-months-old baby, in her arms, had for weeks previously sat every day outside the grating of the condemned cell. Finally he added, after a pause : "Gentlemen, I don't think I need say any more." At that instant the noseless hangman jerked the bolt and the convict took a header down below in a curious, huddled-up heap. On reaching the end of the rope he hung motionless for a few seconds. Then it became evident that the noose had failed to "bite." He kicked frantically and horribly, his hands clutched convulsively, and from beneath the white cap came a succession of wheezy roars, shrieks, and groans. But no one drew a pistol and' finished him. He was left alone, and kicked himself to death in a trifle over seven minutes. Thus closed the Burton-street tragedy for good. The police, whom Archer denounced on the scaffold as having made evidence, are sure they got the right man. Perhaps they did, but we are all liable to err' | The Queensland Estimates tabled in the Assembly the other day involve the most sweeping reductions ever contemplated in that or any of the sister colonies, the "saving in one department alone amounting to £70 000 per annum. It is believed that fully 600 Civil servants will be dismissed, and in addition to the departmental reductions generally it is proposed to levy a kind of Civil Service income tax, which will probably range from 10 per cent, on salaries of £100 i and upwards, rising to 15 or 20 per cent on the higher salaries. The Government steam yacht Lucinda is to be laid up ; several batteries of artillery and companies of infantry will be abolished ; a weekly Hansard is to be substituted for the present expensive daily publication and in fact the pruning knife is to be applied in every department of the public service with severe impartiality., 