Story Column. Lady Betty And Her Great Grandmother's Wedding: Drees. (In Two Instalments.) I. I don't Bee what is to be done, indeed I don't,' said Bessie, surveying the wreaks of our united wardrobes. 'Everything has been turned and returned, and ie too shabby for further manipulation. "We must tell Hugh it must bo given up.' Lady Betty looked relieved, but the rest of us, who were of a mundane turn of mind, Baw what she did not — that to give up this point was to put off the day of better things indefinitely. We were four sisters, dependent for doily bread on Hugh, onrbestof brothers. Bessie was our eldest, and Lady Betty came next to me. I am tho ugly duck ling of the family, all eyes and ears, and I love my Betty as though I wore her dog. We always call her Lady Betty, because she is so dainty in her ways. She can't think of common things; hor thoughts fly away to all kinds of lovely, dreams, while, if the rest of us are like me, they thiuk often of what is for dinner, and whether, in fact, there will be enough for more than one dinner on the joint; and they would like new clothes and everything of the best. Lady Betty does not seem to know or oare. Hugh is choirmaster and organist of the cathedral, and he wants to got pupils, bnt he is very shy — perhaps ho is proud. People do not care to patronise him, and inferior teachers make a good living while he stands haughtily aloof. And, now, whon this great chance is come to him, just for the want of a suitable dress it must be set aside. Por one of the reasons that our Betty is so different fro.m me is because sho has the genius of Bong, and Hugh haB trained hor to sing exquisitely. The squire of the parish is a very strange man. I wish you specially to note this. He lives in a big, gloomy mansion, all alone with his family ghosts and their portraits. But it is said that he means to turn over a new loaf, and has sent for Major St. John, a faraway nephew, and intends to make him his heir, and is going to give a series of entertain ments to the county familios of tho neigh bourhood. Ho has sent a request to Hugh to get up a good concert for Christ mas Evo, and of course, if Lady Betty sings, it is bound to be a success, and perhaps Hugh would get more work, and then some of us could think of other things beside the grinding dull lives of making much of nothing, but we could never be like Betty. It was hard to tell Hugh, but Bessie managed it very well. Ho was more disappointed than wo expected, and looked keenly at Betty, who was stand ing in the sunlight., trilling to tho canary, warbling just like a bird. 1 'Girls,' lie said, 'lot her go in that cotton gown. No one will care what she has on whon once she begins to sing.' Just then I had an idea, and I'm afraid I trod on Hugh's toos ih my hurry. There was just one beautiful gown in our possession, though, perhaps it was at least 150 years old, if it wa6 a, minute. 'Bessie,' I shrieked, 'tho great-grand mother's wedding dress.' It was an inspiration. No one replied. Hugh looked as if ho thought wO wore all mad, but our kindly Boao said, in Her genial way, ' It's all right, Hugh ; Lady Betty shall go.' He went, away rather bewildered and began to make out his conceit progrumme, and we throe left our clever ones together aud ran up to the garret. The gown was the onlv pieec of pro perty in our possession. It had boon my mother's, but how it came to her wo did not know, for our parents would not tell us anything of her ancestry. All we know was thut our father had been a public singer, thut ho hud a lino tenor voice, which failed him when he wob still young, and that ho had died heart broken. All wo know of our mother was that she looked just like our Botty, and had faded out of life whon my father's love no longer shielded her from pain. "Wo valued the old gown for her sake, and because it scorned to tell us that our for bears had boon gentlefolk, who, perhaps, had known freedom from small economies and care. Wo sat on the floor of tho garret with the dress and its accompunimeuts of soft laco spread out among us. Bessie pro nounced judgment on each part, as she looked at it between the slanting lights. ' The shoes are too big, but they aro very pretty — red and gold. Dot, here, can stuff the toes with tissuo paper. This blue quilted skirt needs darning. I will see to that. Tho ruby and gold over dress, however, is perfoot. Oh, dear, the lace is all to pieces, hut we must mend it np as best wo can. Well, that'b settled. Come along, girls, and let us set to work. There's no time to lose.' When we got down stairs we found that for once our Botty had taken an obstinate turn. Go to the park without her dear old Dot (myself) she would not. She could not sing if I were not there. That is how it was I thought of writing the story. I was in it from first to last, and I followed at Betty's heels like a faithful shadow. The grand evening arrived, and we all took a share in dressing our little lady ; we were very anxious about the effeot of the old gown, but we need not have been, for surely nothing could have looked so pretty as this sheeny ruby and gold. . ' Now, Dot, on with your dress,' cried Bessie, turning to me, her eyes shining with triumph, as Lady Betty stood with her music in her hand" waiting for me. I wore Bessie's best black Bilk, specially done np for the oooasion. It was worn find shabby, hut no matter— it fitted very well, and no one would look at me. Hugh had asked for a special sitting-room for us. He was proud, as I said before, and be did not wish us to mix with tho rest of the performers; nor with the guests, as we could not be oh an equality with them. If was foolish pride, no doubt. I am afraid I did not like hie carefulness. I wanted to see something. ?f tho world now I was launohed upon it, ; sp after wo had arrived and settled down. I- looked impatiently round the room. Lady Botty was absorbed ih the flowers. There Were some fine pots of heather on the jardiniere. She aid not notice mo when I slippod the" holt of the glass door aside and wandered into a con servatory. I heard voices at a distance,. and keep ing well behind the huge palms I ad vanced until I was within a few yards of tho speakers. To my surprise I saw Hugh, and barring his way was an old gentleman so strikingly like him that he might have been his double. ' Bray, who are you, sir ?' thundered the old man. Hugh introduced himself as well as he oould, and mado known his mission. ' Hugh Sinclair 1' The old man's brow cleared at onoo. He mfide a. cordial apology. ' Forgive an old man, sir. I thought I recognised your face, and mis took you for someone else. I bog to thank you for tho troublo you nro taking to , help in the success of tho evoniug.' It wps the squire. "We had not seen him before, for onr coming to tho cathe dral town was recent, and he soldom or never came to the churoh. ' I very muoh approvo of your pro gramme, sir,' he oontinaed. ' The songs are English ; I hato your Gorm&n; aud French; tho tendency is a bad one, to put asido our own fair tongue and our own sweot tunes/ I particularly like these old friends, "Bid me Discourse," " "Where the Boo Sucks," and so on. But whom have you hqre to sing them ?' Hugh explained that his sister had a fine voice, which hfi had falcon pains to ' cultivate. 'But she is only a ohild,' ,he said ten- dorly. ' About 17, oh, Dot f ' ' The squire turned and looked at mo, and tho frown came back to his brow. ' Yory strange,' he muttered. 'Her face is alBo q uite familiar to me. What does it mean ?l ' Oh, I am like anybody and overybody,' I admitted olumsily enough ; but when you seo Botty, I am sure you will say you never saw any one like her inyonr.life beforo.' ' Botty sings,1' suggested Hugh, as the frowning Squire looked suspiciously at my dark face. Then Hugh bowed and passed on, and the Squire catechised me as to our family in a very pertinent or impertinent manner. But before I hud given him much infor mation I heard Betty calling, and ran back through tho conservatory with only time for a short farewell to the Squire. ' I've seen the Squire, and he's the Very counterpart of Hugh in everything except age, only not so kind in his manner,' I said, breathlessly. ' I never saw such a likeness.' Hugh came rushing in at this moment to reprimand mo for leaving the room. ' Let mo tell you, Dot, you ought to bo ashamed qf yourself. I am ashamed of you,' he said, severely. ' This room is spooially given up to you, and you've no business to go wandoring about.' If it had not been for Betty's kind look at me I must have wept. ' Do let Dot enjoy herself in her own way,' she begged. ' Tho squiro can't eat her, at any rate.' Hugh wae very nervous about the con cert, and I could' see that hjs rock of strength was Betty. If she grew nervous, too, and failed, his prospeots would bo worse than qver ; for everybody of note for miles round was here to-night. His keen eye searched her face. Betty looked np with her sweet child eyes, very dreamy hero within hearing of the plaeh of the fountain, and with the wealth of flowers on which to feast her boauty loving soul. 'Aro you — are you — well, Betty?' stammered Hugh. He did not want to rnuko her think ho fourcd sho would bo nervous. Betty laughed. Sho wob always well. Then Hugh went into the next room, and I followed as near as I dared. Tho door was now open into the conservatory, and people passed and repassed. 'I did not know St. John was a musical man,' said a passer by. ' Nor is he. I met him on tho heath an hour ago, He said he was going to shirk the first part of the ooneerb.' ' But, I tell you that I saw him a moment ago ia the gallery directing the men where to put tho piano.' 'Then lis must have returned in a prodigious hurry. But, come; lot us go baok and soo who is right about it.' Prosontly thoy came past the door again. ; He's j ust bluffing us,' said one. ' As if I don't know my own eyes. I have not sat opposite to St. John at moss. for. two years without knowing what he is like. And he's the image of tho old squire into the bargain.' . , Hugh came in soon after this, frown ing in his most distant manner. >' 'There are some lunatics here,' ho said, ' who declaro thoy know me. I had the greatest trouble to keep tbein from dragging mo off to the billiard room; and you know I never played a game of pool in my life. One of them declares I owe him his revenge. They must mean it for a practical joke, but it is very ill- timed.' He went off, and presently wo heard him at the piano. Ho opened the concert with a fine piece of. his own composition. Some part songs followed, which gave satisfaction ; and then 'Hugh - came hurriedly for Botty, and told nie I might find a hiding place among the palms in the conservatory if I chose. A soon as thoy were gone I glided among the palms, until I found a spot whence I could watch Betty ; .that was fill I oared for. To my surprise, however, Hugh came in at a door tho other sidfi of the conserva tory. 'Hugh, do you want me?' I naked, softly. He took no notice what ever of me, f6r his eyes were fixed upon the stage where Botty_ was standimg waiting for the accompanist. As he drew near I saw it was not my poor, over anxious brother, but a man of fashion aud leisure who knew what is was to bo very muoh bored in life. . But I forgot about him in a moment, for Hugh took his seat at the piano and playod a short prfilude, to give Betty time to oolleot her strength in oase,she felt very nervous. And there was my lovely Betty, standing in her usual simple, grateful way beside him, with her musiq polled up . in one : hand, for she ne: er needed, to look at her noteB.' That waB one of the oharms of her singing j — it Beemed so spontaneous, ; As she stood waiting to begin thero was a "stir throughout the -audienco; people simply stared with wonder at this delioato vision, radiant with loveliness. Betty's soft rings of oorn-oolourod hair curled all over hor head, her cheeks wore' rosy with health, and I read in her eyes that she saw nothing of the brilliant .assemblage ; her thoughts wore far away ia the Bong world, where, she declared to mo, she could hoar divine, long-drawn ohordB and a ohoir of aingerB with voices true as silver bells. ' Oh, Betty,' I cried to myself, ' wake up and do your best, my Betty ' ; and as though my thought compelled hor glanoo, her eyes mot mine and sho woko. Then she sang; but who shall describe the elear bellnotes that thrilled and rang through the room ? The audience beoame distraoted, and when tho last sweet note died away thoy applauded Betty to the ocho and would not be satisfied. I shall never cease to bco her standing there ih the rich old gown of crimson and gold and blue. Sho only wanted tho trumpet to. be seraphic as one of Era Angelica's angels, floating on billowy clouds. Then Hugh played a slight prelude, and sho sang her ' bird song,' trilling in tho upper register with the facility many a great singer might have envied. After this people were crazier than over, and made such a noise that I heard a growl beside mo. The man so like Hugh was standing, white and stern, jnsb as Hugh was apt to look when indignant. to be concluded on monday. 