PERIWINKLE- 1 m ? AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY BY THE AUTHOR OF ''THE WILD WAERINGTONS,' CHAPTER XXXIV.— Continued. *I THLL — Heaven hear he ! Daryl listen/ be said, with an emotion he tried in vain to control — that same 'Heaven who now hears us, around whose bright Throne I hope and pray from the bottom of my heart that we all of us shall one day meet again — but never then, old fellow, to oe again parted — has been more merciful than you can guess. Daryl, it was Flower Everbleigh, your own cousin, whom you tound at Moor Edge — the long- lost, long-mourned Flower Evereleigh — not Flower Creedy — whom you took from that evil abode and made your wife be fore the registrar at Northminister. Consequently your grandfather, Daryl — dear old fellow, hear me ! — is her grandfather. Your aunt, the Squire's daughter Marion who now ib kneeling here, praying ^r you in this room, is — is none other than her own mother — do you understand me ? — verily her own mother. Time, Daryl, has righted a great cruel wrong ; and Flower Eversleigh — Flower Dark wood — is at last restored to her own people. After long years she is beneath the roof of her old home again — at Bednights at last 1' ' Heaven is good,' was all Daryl said ; and that was his last breath. A long-drawn sigh, as from one who is very weary and who is fall ing asleep ; a smile of bright joy breaking over his now tranquil fea tures ; a scarcely preceptible quiver ing of the long eyelashes — and Daryl, with his dark head lying heavily upon my bosom, was dead ! ♦ ' ♦ ♦ * ♦ * Some one most loving was gnid ing jay blind footsteps awv from tuat chamber of death. Upon the threshold of It, going out, I paused instinc' ively, slipping -3ownwa-u for suppoit sgainst the firm hai.d behind me. My strength was all spent ; I could no longer stand alone. ' I have known it — I have felt that it was true.' I murmured. ' Oh, my heloved mother !' ? My own child — ray own sweet daughter !' answered the dear voice, aE though speaking afar off in some blissful dreamland. And were we among the living, or among departed souls ? Were we indeed upon earth, or were we together in heaven ? It was I who sank senseless into my mother's arms. She, in her great love, after all, was the stron ger of the two. ***** Some few hours later — I think it was about sunset-tii^e — the old Squire was missing and could not be found. He had cunningly con trived to give Buckle the slip — and his rooms empty ! Consternation seized the household. They searched for him everywhere in vain. The humbler domestics were awe stricken — scared ; the presence of death in the great still house had already lobbed them of audible speech. Tht-y crept upon tip-toe ; tkey spoke with bated breath. At length Mrs. Jessamy, in con ference with Buckle, started. A thought occurred to her ; and she said — ' We shall find him in— in that room. Come !' And the faithful dame was right. For there, safe enough, they dis covered the aged Squire, crouching aH alone by the bedside and holding ftst the hand of his dead grandson within his own. And when they reverently parted these two dead hands a small slip «f tinted paper fell rustling lightly Jtom between them. At a glance they eaw it was a ^cheque. The writing upon it was barely legible, being the thin quavering scrawl of the poor old Squire him »elf. Everything was duly filled in — everything, that is, save the amount to be cashed ; and that had been generously left to Daryl Dark wood's pen. So the old man had stolen back to that quiet room — once more, in this touching fashion, to tell Daryl that he was really forgiven. CHAPTER XXXVI. *It will be fine to-morrow ; we shall have good weather for our journey. Flower,' said my mother, as sha stood in the dusk at a window of the whi e drawing-room, gazing rather anxiously upon the fast darkening landscape. 'The wind has cot round to the north-west, and the few stars I can see uver the river yonder are coming out beauti fully clear.' I joined my mother at the firelit window and looked out too. We ftood there together, in our heavy mourning garments, and with our arms about each other's waists, more indeed like two most intimate 'friends — between whom there -can never come a shadow, never to be the ghost of a necret — than mother and daughter. But then the boundless love between us was in reality no ordinary love. We ?were in truth dear friends, as well s& parent and child. ?The weather shall not hinder us, my mother, since it is your wish to go,' I answered ; adding, with ft tender playfulness which did but veil the deeper teeling in my soul, 'Henceforward, in storm or in sun shine, in winter or in summer, I shall be always with you to take care of you, dear, come what may !' ' My Flower, my own darling !' she murmured passionately ; and in silence she laid her head upon my shoulder* ' Heaven is good!' Those had been Daryl'd lastswords upon earth. Never, never more, I had vowed, should they slip from my memory. They were engraven now upon my heart. Every hour of our life, my mother and I, did we humbly thank heaven that we had both of us been spared, so mercifully spared, again to meet each other upon this side of the grave. It might have been cruelty otherwise — one might have been taken, the other left — but it was not so. After long and fateful years, years of separation and of suffering — we had lived to meet and to he together again upon this fair earth below. And, when things go -well with us in this world, what is there in it sweeter than life ? In that one most beautiful word 'Life' are not all possibilities compiised ? It was November; and more than th^ge weeks had gone by since we had put our dead out of sight. That had indeed been a gloomy day for Kedknights — our burying-day — on which the ancient mausoleum, all ?weather-stained and lichen-^rown, in Hazel /'churchyard had been opened to receive the mortal re mains of old Squire Darkwood and bis grandson Daryl. Yes ; it was a sad and gloomy time — a time of mourning, of genuine sorrow ; but Leigh Ever sleigh, who had stayed on at Red knights until aft- r the funeral, had been to us — to my mother and me — in fact, to the whole bewildered household — as a veritable tower of strength. What we should have done without him at this dark* and difficult time I do not know — it ?were hard to say ! But, the funeral over, he left us and went back to Xiondon. (To be continued.) 