THE LITTLE GREY NURSE. By MAnr Lmton. CHAPTER I. THE ORT 0nas . It was a strngo chain of cironmstancee that led me to renouneno my bnhlorhood, nand enter into the holy otanto of matrimony. I, John ?lanrtyn, M.D., IM.R CP., after thirty-four years of wenet, unrestrained liberty, in loos than thirty- four hours, suc cumbed completely to the fascinations of a certain fair little woman of whom you will hear anon. "Come dorwn for a week Jack," GIregory Ormond had said that eventful Decembler. "l know you enjoy a bit of shooting and hunting and l can give you both." I w(ra oxtremely fPnd of both sports, but they were not suflicihnt to tempt me to spend the woeIk with 0rmond at his fine old place in II-shire. Tllere wT something aboult Ortnonl that closhod with my finer feelings. He woo very well at a cinloh cqlaintance, but I eould never dr?om of elaoeing him with my friends. Perhaps the ugly rumour nfloat ,to to his provnte life had something to do with this prejlldice. A man who is reported to have wooed and wedded a young inoxnerienced girl for her money and then neglects and ill trents her, in not the man I could call friend and love ao a brother. "No thanls, Ormond," I replied, civilly enough. "I really do not think I could leavne my prtico. I am particularly busy just now." "Nonense, oldr man, why do you keep two ossistants if you cannot trust youlr practice in their hands for a week? Look heroe. if the ohooting and hunting are no' a sufllient draw, let me tell you tht Pro. fessor Wagetnffe is to be one of my guests Come, now, don't you want to meet him n" I prioked up my ears and flshoed my eyes into his face with sudden but intonoe interest. He was smiling and watching me with a cunning little sneer in his eye'. " VWellP" he inquoired. "I'l1 como," 1 answered cooly. "Pro fesoor Wagostaffo is the one man above all men at prerent that I long to meet; I have been introduced to him, bit have never had the pleasure of conversing with him " "Tou wnill have any nmount of oppor tunities down at my place," said Ormond, carefully flicking the ash from his cigar "1 think you will like him, he is a goud sort of a fellow." So, through the medium of one of the most eelebrated scientists of that day, I went down to Gregory Ormond's ancestral home, was the moans of discovering one of the motn cruel and unnatural crimes ever premeditated, and also met and won my w'ife. It was In the evening of the fourteenth of Docember that I arrived at Ormondl If all. It wnas a cold raw night outside, and when I entered the fragrant warmth of the dimly-llphted entrance haill I was fain to staoy my footatpae beside the blazing fire before proceeding ferther. " Tell your master that I have arrived and would like to see him if he is at liberty," I said, addressing a grave elderly manservant who stood respectfully by my eide. The miu bowed and glidel acny and I wIs left the ole oecotpont of the ntsonili centold hall. I wnrmed msyslftnd lokecd ab ut me curioucly. " Surely Ormond in a lucky dog," I thought, as I surveyed th.' carved oaked walls nnd grand staircase and the splcndidly painted ceiling with it critical and covet?tt egye. _4F. brotshtmy ?,e ovn from the goryoouo ceiling with a start. Sonieowe Sslowly and hocitatingly descending. the wide stairaecse. otn my host, as I firt thought it miglt be, but r. dainty little grey-clad flgure with ae snowy cap retisg upon her golded head, and suowy linen at her throat andl wrists. I gazed blankly into the little pac. face and earroufoldhrk eyes, and stool spelbound before the ire, as the ti.y Plippered feet, peeping beneath the whit, apron. slowly nod hcsitotingly touehvd .cnh atstir. She reached the last step, ai.d then, as I moved forward impulsively, she turned again, and, like an arroe from a bow, sped swiftly up the wide staircase and wad lost from my sight. Ig zed rucfully up the gloomystaircace. " Vlhat a lovely littll nuree;" I smurmuresd, nod then t wo: ot,.red who Ormond had it in the heuno. Not his wife certainly, fcc she, poor girl, so rumollr sid, was recruit. iog her shattered health and nerves in the .oceth of France. Perhaps one of thc serieo .ta, but Ormond would ecanrel) .engage an hospital ncrse to attend upon a dome?tic. ~ ill muooing thoughtfully, Jick Ormond h;msel appeared, and I determined to nab him. 1 was unao1le to carry out my resolve, however, for smy host gree'ed me loudl n?d warmly, and gave me but little chance to put in a wcord. i-s hIlndaoms face wea flushed, and hi. aeTnner was buoyant and gay in the e.ntcme, contrasting ctrangely, so it seem.t to me, witlhthe haggard wildnessc of his eye " and the ,orried, anxiou exprlession of hibS wholo countenance. "' Glad yus hiats. come, ,ack !" he cried ettcsively " let mtle hbow yeo cour roeom Professor Wcagst.aftf is o'tlg t bnow yoe C lA P1T 'lR IT. Giregry Ornmond had ollhctehd hisa hrus party with better taste and discriuination than I gave hitm credit for, but, un doubtedly, Ideatrie? Stanley, Ormond'} married elster, had a great deal to do with the selection. IIondomo Mira Stanley wan no favorite of mine, but I nlinowledglt lher toot na cloverness a I glnco . critically round the companny of brilliant men and women collected together in the drawing-room. I krew moot of thel, but luy interest wit ohielly centred in the manl I had so long nioshed to become personally acquainted wnith, Profeonor o gjotiofrto. HI war a taol, fine mnn, between fifty :and sixty years of age, with o splendid head and face, nnd n pair of thoe most wonderful o.es I have ever seen n nny 1an, n' face. Dark brown in colour, soft, tender, auu dreaomy, yet brilliant, and piercing with intelligence and genius. Ilia voice was singularly sweet and careoosing, and his omilo so kindly, that v0en little children awlo had never seen him before went to hIim in-tinctively. In dreen hle wa romooto Lt sloveuly, an men of geniuon are rmti.luoe, but in tohe mest nhahby and nntvqooeaod coat imagin able, he still lookei d what he undoubtedly ,an-a gentlemmn Heo ?elcomed 0e kindly, and pt iently listened to my m dacstth eorie and opinions, anwoered my numaerous ugeotiono t illy nd palnstahkingly, 00nd, in fhot, trneateld I00 0 well thant be-?oro half-an-hoor hnd el,0p0ed my admiration h?r gIrownol into ploutive re'rcnceae.nd l becameiOla dvoted tolloweO nnd honmpion from thlot tio-e forwnrd. At d;:ner the conver alion turned aupon ghosts, " think it wan lleatrlc0 Stonley, who wrs plaingK hoatesn in her usual im maculnte style, who began it, and the .subject wan taketn th eagOlly. " I'll lay ten to one i·,at our ghost in tho prettlest and most origin.l famialy ghost that over launtcld t holeoo i " cried Gregory Ormond, excitedly. ' ?retty I" chorusef d the lnldiea. "Lovely, I oshoold ray. None oaf your withered up old nago, or fiHlevel leod, moanlinI fenmnls. but a doleunre little grey hkspital calrote, with gohlden lani, 'oft dork eyes, onld o nwrert, palo faieO. Sfo in our ghoat ladies and gentlemen! SNen-nc " every onf.rl,,doofllgly. and I astened to risa my glnalss to nny lits to hide my emotion, trusting that no one had notfced my vlolent starnlt as Ormond had deacrlbod them faw?lly ghost to its. "No nonsense, I can assure you," nm, rwered Gregory with more warmth than was necesRary, so it seemed to me. "I ! have seen her myseolf, and eo havo lletric and the servants. I have only described her to you so that you will know her whoa you meet her." bome of the women shrieked here, and raisin ,uy eyes from myplato, I :et tile soft, hright gaee of the Profelsor's eyes bent earnestly upon me. I felt myself colour up, and to hide my embarrassment, I said quicktly : " Do youen believe in ghosts, Professor! " ie esmiled, but replied with his usual kind promptitude: "In your old family ghosta who have been wandering over and over one house for generation and generation, certainly not, hilt I do helieve that if you wish it, you can bring back the spirit of anyone you love j.ur for one brief, sweet inbtnt." I think everylbody round the table changed colour. I know [ did, and Gregory Ormnond went liid. It wnas not the words exactly that affected us, but the solemn blood-curdling manner in which the Pro fessor uttered them. "I oal'vys thought W1agetta ffewacranky, I am con vinced c f it now," muttered a voice at my elbow, and I turned indignantly to my I. ft-hand neighbonr, a little pale, in signiflcnt man with an habitual dlsagree ahle cozpression upon his face, and a dis gustingle croes-grained manner with him. h knew him slightly. He was Bloatrce Stanley's husband. "Cranky chop," ha repeated, nodding his head toward the Professor. I shrugged my shoulders, and turned my head from him and my attention to the conversation that was going on. " But. I'rofe sor," Ormond wan saoing, iu an exzited. inj,,red way. "csnely you |ulievo in our family ghost when I tell you that I have seen her myself ! " " ly dlear boy," answered the Professor, ood- humeouredly, " I do not dispute your word but I must see your ghost myself before I believe."| ' hen you will oe convinced soon, tor you will b.~ auto to see her before many days, or p,.rhaps hours, have passed," de clared Ormond, triumphantly. " Pr. fessor," I said diffidently, "pardon me, lut you raid just now that you be lioevedif we wiehod ?e could bringback the pirit of anyone we loved. Can you prove this to ut P" " Bosh l" cams in a hoarse whipper from' my little left- hand neighbour. 1 turned still farther from him, and met the kindly glance of the Professor. " Cerlainly, with pleasure, my dear sir. I will relate a personal experience if the ladies care to hear it." There was a general polite murmur of assent, though I knew more than one fnir dame was shaking in her slippera with superstitious horror. " It was when I was a young man at college," began the Pro feesor. his eyes upon the sherry glass he was twisting in his fingers. I had returned about a week to Oxford after the Long Vacation when I received the news that my mother had died quite suddenly. my name the last upon her lips. Now, just before 1l-aving home, I had displeased my mother in some way, and she had lectured moe somowhat severely for her. So incensed and mortified was I at this that I would not speak to her for two days, 'and even at the moment of parting I refused to kiss her. l"'iko m'o, my own dear hboy,' he had pleaded ;hut was hard as fint, and putt tng her loving arms from my neck, I turned amay and left her and never saw ser again." The P'-ofessor paused f'r one second, his fee wonderfully tender, sad, and regretful. " TVb u can imagine my grief and horror vhen I heard the tidings. 'To my dying lay I shill never forget those first bitter macurs. I threw myself down in my room ind pnried that she might come oack again to me for the kiss I had refused to give her. Day after lay, night after ntoht, this was my one raycer 'lod, let her com' back for one noment ihat L may kiss her.' ' At last one night my passionaste prayer .nas gran,-d." The Prflcssor paused agaln,land a shudder passel rocod the table. " It mwa a beautiful summer night, light as day, wi.h the moonlight streaming over he room. I lay In my bhd, my psasmonate .,leading rayer upon my lips, when in the .tream of mnoonlight, me mother came toamr me with outstretched hands, and a glad fond smile upon her face. '" he wan drrssed just as I had seen her manoy til s ; there was nothing unearthly or .upvrn?ito l ahout her. " .Iothr I" I cried loudly, sitting up In ned, 'oh, mother have you come for my ki1s 1 lMethor, mother, say you forgive m." S" he cmoe cloer to me until I felt hes leer arm ashout me ??d her lips pon millne." "I forgive you, my dear, deur boy. tiod slts yeou," she whliperod. I sluing to her .,rnslonste y, and pourcd out all my pent up eppentonc,, regret, and love, in kisses upon ler belovoi flce. " Dar:!g, good bye," she.crled, "and then ,elt her arms wi.hdmraw from me, and I fell ,cck upon my pillows in a swoon, Wheo 1 :imo to emyself soms mtnutep cfterwards the no:nllght war sttotmim g in as serenely as ,ver, an. not a sieln was there of a super atrol vltltal',n.' The t'P..ieeor ceased, and we all drew our 's¢nths lit irply. J felt rather than saw that lainty lire h.ndkerchle;s were b ing used ather fr!?ly on the other aids o tii. table, cit I did not raise my eyes frm my piate, ihere thely had rstxd throsghuat the Pero ' r entienol olhl 1 Mad as a M mt rc hBra o Oaght to ihae been locked up ages ago I" ,runete my cros-gralnoed leclt-hanI com eauion. Sw- t try pretty and touching; thank you, ,rofeasor," cried leatrico Stanloy swuetly, uiving Iht ladlei the signal to rih l at the etme time. " Dn't yo believse In him; ho is an old olud," otl.prerd Mir Slanlry' lilttlea cub cf , huebond, as thee whie left the room. " Ito Is a wolf in sheep'e clothing. I bnow tin," withs a diabolical leer; "Con't yoe hale oI thlug to do wibl h;m." t V When I rreqire your advice I wll ask you lor 1t, Mr tinoley," I repllod coldly, oturning aweay frem him. CtAI'TEll Ill. WAeS vet A OHOSTI It owl strancge tht twice In one night I w.dw the poetty little nurse ghost of Ormond Ital. I bha with grect dip lomyay, n thoughl, iln1igled the Prufessor into a hould llie rgto. cut, hanrd long ater thie other men had de parct to ttielr respective bodroceos we hbd :ot in tha snug smeko-roem, tlbinel ind toward kin er. loWiton three osclook In ts morning hen we lighted oneur canedlea end wendei our way p tho grand etaircao. il ypln do undot belie in Orond'slutter ialy glot, Prouesor M P" I o rrowfu in nubdu.olt 'Oicc?, 0 we climbed slowely rp ride Iy side. oundghed gentbrly. h' t did neoteay so, bit 1 should like to oc her." le hnd ratuched tih top, and I scw, just acs he spoeke, advnncinog sniftly t.ecordee u the litth! g:roy ilgure I had seen aboutileiht hours previouely. I grasped the Proceeor'e armenemoitodly, and motioned loeeardelcer. With the utmost ctolncce he d.oc nce gCeIly on one tidc, to that hek could poftoun on bcr way downetcirs, and to, n in oy oxcitemont I noticed a little smoile pln .lng round hio lips. The futter ino while apron almost touchect me eo ohe llitted ten t ces, and m y heoart ibent w ith ad detionol lepkihay yy I met the sorrowful, elcoelng dlarek eyes. ghk dell not gloncc at [ku IPcfibsrer, anod I noticed titey vh etl c palrcle o Ilhat hb haed kept well In the blco: grnund. noy burly igure almnot gonltrcly tOemeced should not al!ow his pretty little gKhet ,+e C eulder abluct abcs lor ee n tie morn. rig) le eilccl earcaslletallyt lokieg over oly shoulder; "l apovo O'C olC is tte teeopor time for a ghoee's coneltuetntl.-" Thore wet a note tea the peofeseo;e volee that jarreo upon mw, and I teureed popen my hbeetl shac, e Whet haeOmoed ty do wilt Sgrol. oghed again, and I tere w?l (w lm athi*' behdroom door some Mly room was modeornly fitted up, contain ingo ery n uoury and elonvenlenc, with not a shadow of anything ghostly or aupernataral about it. I went struight to my fire, poked it navagely, and then sat down for half-an hour'a smoke and think, before turning in. When I threw away the end of my anst cigurette nnl rose to my fnet to preplre for bed, I sail to mnayself with an audible chuckle : "Ormond should have obtained a more nppropriato uniform when he obtained his littlo ghost nurse. I wonder if the hospital nurses of a hundred yearn ago (if there were any) wore the enmo uniform, neat little caps and aprons included, as they do in this eminently practical ago of ours Ah, Ormond, you are not half sharp onough for an old practitioner like my self." Still chuckling and fooling mightily pleased at my dicovery, I went to bed and dreamed all night of pretty grey hospital aurnea, noetle-faced Professors, and weird ghot atstorisca. The following day a shooting party wma organised, and I was one of the number, WVo had a cpitnl day's sport, and it was naot until the dusk was beginning to fall that weo wended our weary steps homeward. Elther by chance or design, and I am tempted to think the latter., Batrico Stanley's husband attbtohed himself to me, lighted his pipe at mine, and trudged on rcandily by my side. I made one ort two gneral remanrks about the dty's sport, then tapasd into silence, too tired, to exert my ielf to talk to such a moody companion. Presontly with extraordinary abruptness and irrevolanco he said: ' i wonrer what the old lunnatic hag been StI to-day f" I surnet :and surveyed him In amnazeenllt. " Who ?" I asked coldly. "Your Profeesor. I should liko to know what outrage to society and the human race at inrgo he is planning now. He has some thiog io his wicked old head, I know. Somo dynamite outrage or big poisoning case, or something." If you cannot speak truthfully and re spectfully of one ot the greartsn men of the age, you had better not speak of him at ll,' I seld sternly. "Now, look here, Martyn." ctlod th littlec man onergetlcally, laying his hand on my arm," yeu believe Io this old fraud and 1 o not, ihat is the difference. He is a crazy, unscrupulous old vilain. I know more of him than you do, my boy ; I belilon he would sell his soul, the old tool, in th 'inteorest of oclonce,' as he calls it." " 1 tlink you shuuld explain yoursolf moro fully, Btaoloey," I said stiffly ; "come, what h:ve you against tho l'roloeorf1" '" i a ash could roll you, ,iart)n, but I dare not; I know only a little of his dark deeds and evil ways, Uleatric knows more and Ormond more still. I am only warning you, lad, don't cultivate a wolf in sheep's clothing for a froeud; he may turn round anl bite you when )o least expctc it." I made no reply, I was doeply annoyed and uneasy. O? course I did not believe what he had just said, but still the words had been spoken and were destined to rankleo In my heart; the seeds of uoubt had been a?,wn and already the glamour that had en cnreled the lrufdssor in my eyes was bogln aing to fade. On reaching the Hall, I safely deposited my gun and trappings, and leaving the rest auoking in tho ittle smoke-room, mounted r0e lsttra to my room. I entered wearily and was making my way towards the firu place woea my eyes lighted upon a twistol or of white note.paper lylg on my dressing ,able. I took it up and looked at It curiousy. It was adriesred to " Dr. Johu Marlyn " in a pretty, clear, feminine handwritlug. I 0ule04 Iu over and over, a presntliment ot the truth gradaslly dawning upon me. I uotwisto l and then rear its contents with mingled feeliugs : " You area doctor and a gentleman, and I think you will not renul meyour advice and help. Oanyou nmee me thiseveningintheweat erecd at nine o'clock ? It Is a matter of lilo and death (Signed) "iaen GOfEI Nenog." "Here's a ow uye dol nulse' a pretty mess I' qu ut L excitedly. ' Uertarly, my pretty gacy nurai' , will meet you witn the groatuit at piemrsr. Suriy I was born under a lutcky star." I hod nut bIeon in the hoose mush over forty-eight hours and yet, here Iwee already looking uesgerly forward to keeping an appolnminut with a sweetly pretty, mys trlous little personago known n the " grey nurse." " I wonder how she got to know my name and proftesion," I muoed; "but I unrefay she has seen me somewhere bhetoure. Goud noes knows what in.ttUtion she aelongs to. lDear little thingI fancy her plickiong me out io help her I" ! was aroosed from my pleasant and flatter ing musmnge by the doinner-bell,an il ;hastened to change my shoolinB things fur thaortthodox tinner ureus. 'i wonder what she thinks of mel" I murmured complacently, as IL tied my tie in front of the glass, "he must Ilto me or she would not trust me." I ate my dinner that evening almost without a wur. Mly thoughts wore too busy with the little grey nursue and nor note, lying sosangly in my breast pocket, to talk even to the handaoomo, witty woman whom i hau taken in to dinaner. Sane tried peraevoringly to enago me into a conersataion, but each time I ?su?ered so absently and ahurdoly that at laeos, with a charblug aoru and pout, she gave It up. •'Ig loo it op, deoor,"sho aad,"itis about as elilcult to muake a pig talk as you lo-night." I aoelogided hastily and humbly, and liatrlcu 8.anley took up the affaltr. "A phenny for your thoughts, Mr Martyn; do they concern tho pretty grey nurse, prayF p looked into her handsome anering fueo and wondered dreamily why she hated me to, "Your family ghost, do you mean," I in quired ";no, my thoughts Jist then were with the living, not tho dead." " \VlWhat do you think of her now, Jack1" ahkeot Ormond, caitleosly. " liav you seen her 1" inquired my fair comlnuion, eugerly, and I felt a number of beautiful intrrtseed eyes Insliantly nfasten tnetauslvos upomo l my Ilmaolvo eountrnotnle. "" Yes, I .id ldtdao did the Prolessor," I replied calmly, and the number of pretty eyes were at once removed from my face to that of the Profeusor. I was rty glad that Bcatrieeo ltantey st that moment gave the signal to rlse I was sic of the dinner and the endltes chatter, and I was anaious to get away as ioou as posslblO. rulo was not very soon, howover. I hud tho?gruCleast dilloulty ingoettingoutofa eelcon tile arguienot with tile rofuesdor, I managld, by some means to wrlgl L of 1ii, and toi hnil him over to irmoud, and whon they wito failrly in It i tlipped qluiuly nbuy. I ,obriaiue an overcoat and cti from the cloak. room, and just as the htind of my watlch ai on the igiro nluo, I closed the hall door alter me and stepped out into the bright frouty night. CIHAPf Eli IV. TOE GctY NUtRSE rEtAs. As I crostod the bright, glittering grounds I inwardly wisbllr tho moon under it cloud, or anywhEru except eatlng calmly ne.ros the cloudlatrs sky. I hurried as quickly as posaiblh to the west terrace, knowlng that when I could recrh irs eshlttr I should bt t orlCftly safe from pry ing uyte, as the wot salt of the Hall wiat almost entirely ulnnhabited. Th west ter, rcu wan also, fortunately, in the shadow, and I lteaved a r glt o( ruli" wahaa htad letr the moonlight botlnd me. I looked eagerly bulore m as I Itlolo aelong, and my palsae bounded as a slender, groy- cloake igour. stepped from behind a stone statue and ptoad hefore mo. I rtopprd sltrt, and r.atised my cap. i' tIav I kept yon g'alting ? I mutt apolo. glau (it I ?av," said, trying to apeat ns coolly and csrelessly as 1 could. Cthe came clous to toe, and Illited a pale, agltatld fIrt, " Keep cluse In the shadow of the walls, and speak low." she whispered. As shuspokI pho drew paI with slander white fngers Into the shadow of the massnve. ivy-coloeta wall.. '"We shll be safe for half-an- hour, at amt rate " she wenton rapidly. " I must tell y-. what l~have to in na short a time as I can." Hhe pau.ed, and drew a long qilverhte, breath, and I felt that she was trembliig violently. Poor little thing I Iwas sorry In my hearr for her, and, drawing nearer to her. I took her little shaking hand and draw it through my arm. "There," I eaid, patting it gently, "now trust me entirely, and tell me everythlng.' " I know you well by repute, and I have seen you once before in I.ondon ; that is why I have chosen you to ceonlte my terrible story to. I cannot tell you how glad I was when I rocognist.d you last night ie the hai. I knew I had found someone at last who would help us." She paused for breath, and then, lowering har voice till more, continued rapidly : " I must tell you my story ai quickly as possible. Gregory Ormond', pe?r wile is hidden away in the west portion of the hall, and is being grladualy and moat cruelly mur dered by her own husband end a friend of hit." 1 uttered an exclamnation of horror and emazement, and she went on without heed lag mo : " I am supposed to be her nursing her for paralyei.. tut, great lcne, nl I am ae peowerless to help aud save her from tihe cruel, but sure, death that isgradually overtaking her 's a child unborn. I want your help-1 mast haver It, ...". theslioko passionately, and clasped my arm with two clinging little noends, turning her becatiful dark eyes on to my sympathetie facee " But I thought sho was in italy, I said, be made a gesturo of impattiouce. " So it is suppotsed by outeiders. Blt the Staoloys and tbs servants know that she is in the house ; they imagine that she is dying from gradual paralysteof the brain and limbs. Doctor, it is a lie I" I started, but only pressed her hand; annd she awent on : " When I came hero about six weeks ago Siers Ormond was oas well as I am, except ifr a strango weaknesn nod lassitude. Now t have to feed her, lilt her in and out o[ bed, and dress her. She has lost nearly all the usa cf her limbs, besides which she is gradot ally, day by day, losing her reason. Every day she grows more simple, more insane. Oh I doctor, it is terrible to watch har l Save her before it is too late." For the moment I thought the little grey nurse was about to break down, but, con querlng her hysterical motion pluckily, she continue I her story : "Dcetr, I cannot bring forth positive proofs, but my pmefesianal experience ne. instinct tells me that the poor thing is being poisoned. It Is not an ordinary poisoning ease either, such a one as we meet with very aoien in the hospitals, but itls full tf horrl bl mystery, cruel crime, and horror. DJc tor, do you believe that anyone can be poi sonr, by injection 1," "Certainly," 1 replied promptly. " And do nyo kno of any slow. insdiot,, but deadly poison that, injected In any poa ton oft taoo body, gradually paralyses both mind and body b ut leaves no suspicion ot poinon, or anything beyond the ordinary state of ?tatre t" I shook my head, but said thoughtfully : "No, I know of none ; but I have no doubt whatever that there is such a poalson existing, and that it wil heian'e.serad some tiy, Buti, tell me. if you are In constant attendancd upon this unhappy lady. what chance has her husband to inject the poison, as yon suspect he doesa " She shook her head and shivered, " 1 do not know. lie comes to see her regularly one a week, but I never leave her whllit he is there. H-s poseesseea hey to her rooms, however, anrt I think the diabolical mlascilef I done whilst I am away some. times, taking a breath of fresh air out here on the terrtace, or fetchteg things I require from downstairs. The servants are not llowo.l to wait opon me, you know ; if they bring a bucket of coal to the door it is as mach as they dare do. They are all old, well paid servants. and they suspect no evil. They think, like Beatrice Stanley and her het,and, that peoor Mrs Ormond is gradually dying undter tee grievous affliction of parsa. lysis of the body and the brain. She is, too, but from foul, not natural, means." "Well, what do you want me todol,' I atsked, as she paused. "? want you to examine her. You are a medical man, and you can do se with safety. Then if you find my susploions are correct, give information t proper authorities and have the matter well looked after. It yon will not, help me to get away and I will expose them myself," she added passionately; "aurely there is justice even for us poor women I" "Husbh I" I eried quietly l; "now you are tatking noesense. Truenst me, I will do every. thing that is right. Tell me, is thre any mark to show that an injection has ever taken place 1" "Yes," she answered eager'y, "a little rouend red mark Itoride the right arm b lnow the elbow. Themark was very small when I firsnt came, but I notice that it grows gna dually larger, and has the appearance noo of a sore with the headl ? Socked off." Ia that the only sign 1" "All, except the Increased helpleaoess of the Ilmbs, and the feeblenoes of the brain." When can I cxamine herl" "Sunday, the day after tO-morrow, would be the best. MlrOrmond Is quit salfe ,lr that dan he never comes to eon her 00 Sonday, '.nd I do not leave her from morn ing tilll .light," " Very well tben, shall I meet Ton rhro oa Sunday evening. and will yoo then takle me to the poor girl I' " You meet mo hero at half-pnst six, thoo will hb dressing for dinner then, so I thbinb that will be the beet time. Good.night, I dare not stfy any lonoer, they will discover us, and poor Mrs Ormond will he waoe and crying for me." " Stay," I crieo, ao she wat turning away, "you a not told moe your name, what am Sto call you by f" "Notroe Dwowon," she replied ehyly.hluoh. ong al oo her her air little ace and dropping oedall eyes beneath mI ardent gare. "hut what is your Christian namon e nlld again, holding her littleo trembling hands olostely in mine. She hesitated, then murmured ,. Kate." "NTrso Kitty, eh " I said andacloosly. " WcU, dear, braeo little Nurte Kitty, good. night, and I will be here on Sundayevening at ha f-pIst sirx harp." " Ytce," she whispered. 'GoodnigRht," and, pulling her hands away, she aped lihe a bired don the terraee and rond t corner out of my sight. I atopped to light a cigar, then strolled beck to the front of the house, meditating upon what the llttlo grey nonrso disclosed to " By Jove," I muttered, "' Ormondt It more of ailliain ned leso of a fool than I toot him to beo. Where has Io got the lter rf in jeeting poieson from alel, teain, where hnas he obtened the poison fromP lie must have a clver accomplice somewhere. " 'Well, it is ae original and acientllio wny of getting rid of one's wife; but what a brute Ie must be." I paused and musoend awhile uon the stiories Ihad hoard rogard log himself and a woman notorious for her benuty end her eonqoests, and then my thoughts eandereel back to the littlo grey "l'lucky hlttle woman," I mnrmuroeo; " bI Jooe," pnIOtLnntely, "she is a woman worth winning, and If ever l marry It shall he Nuroese itty." The meet had not left the dininortom when 1 got bock; [ heard their voliesoand laughter as I passed the door, bht I did not go In. I went straeight to the rlnng-room. hltre I was welcomed eagerly, and when the ,eot of the meu ontorert I wao busily ,,ugaged In maoing myself egreeablo to the ladles CIHAPTEII V. DISIC?CIANlrED. I lowered the lampl carefully in the lice room, then in the dim light turnetl nn 4ravely surveyed the little nurao. "I am tafraid your suspitlone are only to orrect, nnrme I the per lady has been polioneJ. It is impoessble for mo t oay on such a alight examination what pola.n hae been used i I do not recognial It, Lti; what. cver it i?, it has done its work. Nurse, I am fraitd I am too Iant to savd M[r Ormoud's Ife. I think it is right to toll you that she oolighLt di at any moment." Teord shone tn the little woman's pitying "Then it is of no usu endeavoring to get her away 1" "None whotocr, nothing cnn neco her now; l michtt have save her hna I een ter a few wocis earlier; as it is- well, do not leave her for a moment unless yon feel pretty well sure that Ormond and hisonccom pli0e are out of tho house. IBy the way, do Vou know who the man is who has Ilent his Jiaboliclo aid to accomplish this cruel hlig 1" " Uo I know him I" she cried, her fair face fushing indignantly and her da k eyes l4osh tg. "tnoflnd I thesmooth-tongued serpant If he Is in the house no youn must know him too. Exooos him, ruin him, if you arona man and a Cristinan ; bring his grey hknirs down to tho grave with the mrost ittor oekmo and Jishokor I" " lia name I" I whispered hoarsely, my face paling an n horrible suspicion dashed through my mind. Shu iazed into my face with bitter curl ing lps andi pasaennato eyes. " ProfesaJr Wagltaff.,' she said quietly. I drew my breath in qbickly. I knew by Instinct that she was speaking the truth. I did not pause to doubt or !uestion. "Great Godi the villain," I muttered, clenching my hand. " I will avenge thi, oor hying womatn as sure as there is a God on haveon." " It was In the interests of science, you forget," she .aid mockingly, and then with a Jittle choking cob she was moving away to wards tho bed, whoen I stopped her gently. " One moment," I said. " I will run up to London early to- morrow, and will call at Scotland Yard. We will avengego this poor girl oven if we cannot save hot life." I looked tagurly for the thanks I ex-. pected in the young nurse's eyes, and I found them. " Thank you, thank you," she murmured. "I wounl like to see you to-morrow even Ing," I said. " Can you lenve a note on my dressing-table to say when and where I can meet you I" She nodded and then hurried away, and I went slowly back to my room to ron my dinner clothes. I found it bard work to hide my feelings, and to be as friendly as usual with my host and the Professor. I flatter myself, however, that I acted my part to perfection without creating the least suspicion in the minds of either of the men. I discussed a knotty question with the latter with unusual brilliancy and enthusiasm, though I longed paseionately to stand up and proclaim him before the whole table to be a fraud and a scoundrel. I joked and laughed with Ormond, and an we rose from our wine to join the ladies, I declared my intention of running up to London in the morning. " Very well,. my boy-come and go just as you please," answered Ormond, gally. '" Bttryand return in time for dinner. Beatrice has invited some of the county magnates." I promiased to do so if possible, and smiled grimly to myself as I thought that perhaps I should no: return alone. li wa up early and awaey by the first train to London, and I returned just as the wintry twilight was drawing in, but not alone. Swas accompanied by two oficere from Scotlnd Yard. I did not bring them to the iall, but left them at the west lodge. " I will send for you when I want you," I said. rCHAPTER VI. IN THE INTe?RET OP SCIENCEl. SI reached my room safely without meet ing anyone except one of the demure e middle-aged women servants; who gli ed about the house, and got in our way occa asionally, and hurried with break- neok Sspeed Into my dress-clothes. I spent very little time before my looking- glass that 1 evening, and even debarred myself the p!easure of wrangling over my white tie r was anxious to reach the drawing-room ras early mas I could. As I opened my door and stepped forth hurriedly, I stumbled over a little grey cla flgeure waiting patiently outside. ' beg your pardon-why, nurse I" She took hold of'my arm, and drew me tforcibly away down the oorridor. "Quick I" she cried. " Mrs Ormbnd is dead or dying. Come to her." We traversed the deserted corridors and Idark pussages until we reached the west Swing, and then I stood by the bedside and looked down pityingly, regretfully into the peaceful dead faco of Gregory Ormond's murdered wife. *"The villainsl The villainsl" I muttered passionately, and the little nurse gazed into my face with mute questioning eyes. " Yes, she is dead,' I replied. and for the first time to my knowledge the brave little woman broke down completely, and, flinging herself beside the bed, wept bitterly. I gazed moodily at them both, the dead woman with her wasted face beautiful by death, and her living, breath lug silsar mouonmg for her loss. Presently Naurse Kate arose and dried her eyes reso lutely. Now I am ready," she said1 " what am £ to do Y' "Are your nerves steady P" I asked. " Porfotly--oe," holding out two steady little hands, which I promptly seized in mine, and helt fact and leose. " Well, I want you to oun down to the west lodge, and tell two men yeto will find waiting there to come up to the Hallatonce. It will not take you ten minutes, and when you return get one of the women servants to help you with your poor patient. Can you do this I" " Yes," she replied, " but, doctor, what are you going to do with her-murderrs P' " Deliver them over to justice," I said, sternly. " Now, dear, wra? up and run %uay as quickly as you can.' I btll htld her hands, rouctant to let them out of my grasp, then I oent and kissed the solt white fingers tendelly. " Doar, brave little Nurse Kitty " I crield. lWhen I entered the dralwng-room some fifteen minutes later I found Ormond and the Professor thb centre of a group of bril lauot men and women. I w?olted straight up to them, and stood facing the two murderers. Ormond glanced carelessly at me and the Irofossor smiled kindly. " What is the matter, Jack, you look white and harassed. HLave you seen a ghostl'" No," I a uswerd coldly and distinctly, " bat I nave just looked upon the dead face of a murdered woman. Gregory Ormond, your wife is dead, aud I accuse you and your ,lever eouietife accomplice, Professor Wag. stats, of her death." I glanced toward the open door nos I sees louoly and Iistinclly, and the two ollicers from Scotland Yard came in and advaoced towardeas us. Some of ohe ladles screamed, some finnted Blatrice Stanley stood prfeectly still, livid to the lips, with a great horror in her hand some eyes, and the men looked white and frlghteuod. " We arret you in the Queen's name for the murder of Charlottu Ormond." Grcgory stoodl mute and still beneath the Iron grasp of one of the olicers, a terrible e.tomness upon his ghastly face ; but the t'lrotcssor lightly shook off his man's hand and walked toward me, smiling blandly as usunl. " My dear Doctor," ho soid, "this is un kind of you, It was all In the Interest of sclience. I murdered the unhappy young woman if you like, I do not deny it, I do not regret it, I would do it again Oand again to ganla the knowledge I haveo gained. it is a ucuatiful thing, a noble poison I shall I eu plain it to youl A hl I you shrink, aond you're a doctor, too. i I WVhy, doctor, it l liked I oould 1ill yoo there as you stand. I could hypnotlse you to dettb ; there is no imit toscunc and medicine. Shall I hyp. aotisa you 1" I waved him oil frantically ashe advanced ossrer, and I heard Stanley's voice at the niCkl of me otsytog : " Just as Il thought, madas a March hare;" and I know that the little man was right. 1 know that this gtItrous tin had booeen oom. and cursing myself for my-blitdnes. 'lako canre of him, ," whiepercd to tho officer, "loe in mad, poor old man." At that moment tBatrlce Stanleoy's horror and natoni.hmont found voioe ; wolking un. steadily to her brother, she saild hskiliy: "Is this true ? Have you murdered Charlottoe" He retotrnd her gaon with wild haggard eyts , and whispered : " It was for her sake, Beatlte." As he spoke he withdrew his alngers from his breast, where they had been lightly re'r tog during the whole of the painful scene, and te next instant a sharp report rang lthrough thle room. A woman'o soriek followed, and Gregory Ormond fell backwordl into hsle siter's armse shot thro?gh the he?rt. It 0wa on bhristmas Day, our last day at Ormonl H.II. We had followed poor Cnar. lotto Ormond to hor grave, and now stood side by side mentally bidding good-bye to the silent, deseolted Hall. I had promised to eocort the little grey nurse back to the arms of her grey sialoters and the shelter of a woll- kno on institution in London, and in the morning we were going to torn our backs on the oIl place for ever. The guests had all taken their departure, lteatrlce Stanley remained shut up in her room, the Professor had been removed to a private asylum, and Orogury Ormoud lay coll and still in the darkened room a aitlnog his burial. I glanced at the girl at my side as we stood by the drawing.room window overlook ing the snowy grounds. She was pale and heavy.eyed, and weary little lined of pain shewed round, the corners of her sweet month. " You look tired," I said tenderly ; "you will he glad of a rest." "Yea," she answered dreamily, "I shall he glad of a rest." "Never mind, this is your last rase, little ene," I said cheerfully, "no more haunted houses or poisoning cases for you." " I hope not," she replied geravely, regard ing me with soft troubled eoes ;" bat s hall he ready for any case oar matron cares to send me to." . Oh no, yen will not, my pretty little grey nurse," answered coolly. I shall ho?a a voice in that. Don't yon know that you are to belong to me from henceforth I" I put my arrs round her and drew her to me. ' ona are to tell your matron to-morrow that I wich you to reeign. I am to be your patient for the funtnre, will you tako care of mo, Kitlty" And for anawer aho. uoltly klostd me. 