BROAD BRIM'S XJHV YU1W LETTER. Last week, on the Nt-M-h Brothers Island the pi,ice set apart by the Government for in fectious diseases, a wretched tramp gave up the ghost, whose niiaeiublo end deserves something more thj.n a passing notice.' When removed.from the old tumble down tenement in this city, where he was taken sick, lie v/as covered with rags and veimin ; jvt thin man was once u millionaire-handsome of poison, a lady-killer ' the y(las.s of fashion and the mould of form.' He'-.vas known here f.,r many years as Iinron Sliulfz, and had the distinction of being the la*t husband of soprano whowasoneothewifeoftbt-celi-brnted j Madam Anna Bishop, the "runt .English composer, Sir tfenry Bishop. No woman on the operatic stage in England had made such rapid .strides in public favor as Anna Bishop. Blessed, or cursed , us the caso may be, with superb personal beauty and a phenomenal voice, she at once became the idol of the mint aristocratic circle in Eng land. Her husband had been knighled, ami she was held in high favor by the Queen, who at that time wis greatly taken with player folk, and w.ho, it will bt> remembered, only a few years later, adopted the only daughter of the distinguished actress, Mrs. Warner, and had her broughf up with the Loyal children-an honor never before '..cccrded to any British subject. It is impos sible to imagine a person more delightfully situated than Madam Anna Bishop in the early forties. She had a beautiful home, blest with two lovely children, a husband adored her, and an income derived from the exercise of her husband s ability mid her own, which enabled them to support an .-establishment of almost regal magnifi cence. In addition to her other acconipimh-" ments, which were many, she wanted to learn the harp for the purpoae of introducing it in an opera which was especially written f-.rher. At this time a celebrated harpist appeared in London by the name of Bochn, and he be- I came Madam Anna Bishop's teacher. The difference between them was great.; he was past sixty, honvy, fat and cumbersome, his temper waa irascible, and his manner brutal. Sometimes when rehearsing with an orchestra, if an unfortunate musician missed a bar, or caused a discord, ho would go into spasms, froth at the mouth, and act like a maniac. Ho had lie ivy overhanging brows, and a great, coarse mouth, and was altogether about as unprepossessing a person as one would desire to set?. Madam Bishop, on the othor hand, was finely shaped, trim built, with a handsome cloar English face that won 011 you at first sight. Yet, marvels of mar vels, this woman with everything to lose and nothing to gain, gave up home, husband and children, all, and tied from England with this unsightly old Gorgon. They came to New York and opened at the old Park Theatre, then under the management of Thomas S. Hamblin. The news of tjieir escapade followed them across the ocean. The theatre was deserted and the engagement a wretched failure. The unlucky and ill assorted couple fled to Australia on borrowed funds, and for some years wandered about the antipodes. Sho also visited Mexica, Cali fornia and South America. Bocha'a temper was uncontrollable and for years before his doatn he abused her shamefully ; but she clung to him with unshaken constancy till his death, which occurred in Australia, and she there raised a magnificent monument to his memory. Shortly after she met Mr. Schultz, who had made about, a million of dollars speculating in Australian mines. Schultz was a plunger^ and he became madly infatuated with the ancient opera sincer. She was past sixty and he about forty, but she added him to her previous conquests and they were married. Schultz became her manager, and at her death raised a costly monument to her memory. Some years ago he turned up in Now. York, and it was not long before he was known to the fast young men of the Tenderloin District. He" sported fine turn outs, took an occasional hand at poker and faro, and at one time it was said that he rarae near breaking John Morrissey's bank. Ho was seen with last women in the parks, and plunged heavily on the racecourse, an*! after a time the end came. The owner of a million once, became a hangor-on about low class saloons, and a patron cf free lunch counters. The man who had squandered hundreds of thousands, vainly begged pentr'ss from passingftrangors in the streets. Poor, dirty, rngged/this old tramp wandered about the streets, homeless and deserted, who at one time had given grand parties at Delmonico's at a cost of thousands. This week the authorities received notice that an old man was dying in a rookery across town. ! An ambulance was called, and he was taken to Bellevuc. His case developed into a malignant form of typhoid fever, and ho was removed to the North Brothers Island, where he died. Potter's field will be his resting ' place, along with the thousands of unnamed dead ; and so passes away another million aire, who was once the idolized husband of one of ihe most beautiful and talented women in tho world. The uncertainty of divorce courts was pain fully impressed on the plaintiff and her friends in the Langley divorce case in Brooklyn last week. Mrs. Langley sought relief from matrimony on the statutory grouuds, and to all i-ppearaiicc made a very strong case. Mr. Langley does not look like a saint; he is a red-faced, beefy-looking man, who has thu well-groomed air of a stylish Wall-street broker. Feed and drink got nil tho credit they deserve from his personal appearance. If a person should accuse him of modesty, no doubt Mr. Langley could re cover heavy damages in a suit for defamation of character. Beside the statutory offence, which is tho only ground on which an absolute divorce c 11 bo gained in tho State of New York, Mrs. Langley accused him of btutality and using obscene language in the presence of his children. There is a class of men everywhere, whose good manners appear to be exhausted outside of their own family, and from the evidence Mr. Langley appears to be one of them. Ask any of their associates at the Club or on 'Change what kind of fellows they were, and they would" tell you at once, first-rate. They are always ready for a swell dinner, never go back on a little game of draw. If any now or breezy sensation from London or Paris turns up at Tony Pastor's ' or Koster and Bial's, you, can gone)ally find them on baldheaded row. in the front. They sport red neckties and flaming boutoniores, and after the show is over, you need not be surprisod to find them in somo of the private supper rooms on the Sixth avenue with a choice coterie of these foreign female enter tainers. In this quostiotiable company they are nil smile3 and politeness, but when they get home with all aching head and an empty pocket, then comes Ihe wife's share of the entertainment. No pate for her, 110 truffles, no Pommery Sec or Cliquot, 110 salad, Ver mouth or terrapin. Ah, no; nothing but hard w-rds, often curses, and not utifre quently blows ancl kicks. It seems hard to believe that a great big burly fellow, ca'ling himself a gentli-man, with a list like a heavy weight boxer, could knock a weak little deli cate woman, and luck her into insensibility when she was down , and yet not a week goes by that I do not see cases of this kind in our courts. It does not appear that Langlcy went quite to this extreme, but he swore at his wife and cursed hor in 1 lie presence of his children, and nm:lu her life as miserable as it could be; and yet because the evidence could not be made clear that he had not broken the soventh commandment, she was thrown out of court. When the trial ended there was hardly a doubt ill the mind of any one present th-itlu had not only broken it once but many times; but jurie? arc incomprehensible. Trial In jury is a grout institution ; the rights guar anteed by the Magna C'-.arta are glorious things to talk about, but ns I sit. in our <,;vii and criminal courts, day kfr.tr day, ard hear the villainous verdicts brought in by the avorage jury.-verdicts defying law and ovi dencc, I feel as it the wtiole corrupt system would be better if sunk in the .=ea, and in its placo the venerable C:irli once more pit tiny at tlio city gate.'. to deliver hia judg ment of the riyht or wrong. Ood help the pour woman against. whom I he judgment, was :.';ven, for the e >urt to which she applied frr juiti:-o ifi'urded her ii 1 protection. l'itiful, most pitiful, w is the s:,_;ht at the m ngue or Wednesday last, where all t.hft was mortal of a yourg and beautiful woman lay on one of the cold maib'e sUbs. Thr; face was handsome and intelh etual, thehands small and delicate, Ihe dress that of a person of mean , la--lo and culture. Heart- sickenii't: were the surivunidin(.!S ; near by ivi'a tramp, fished up from the freez'-n;;, muddy waters of the river ; next to him .1 yoii':g mother who had dasln d her bahy'i lvviin-. oil' and then killed heiselr ; there were many others with out mark or sit,'n, whose history will not hi unfolded till the judyincni day. But about (the beautiful young worpan who occupied (ha [ front marble sl.-.h there was a niy.-itery winch for (i sli.Tt timo it scvnifu inipo.v*ible to un ravel. She had been brought there t;u:n the residence of Dr. S-!den, suffering from tho effects of a criminal operation, and died ut Bellevuo hospital with her secret locked in hor' own heart. But nothing to day escapes the Argus eyes of the press. Tn less than twenty-four hours her identity iviib fixed as that of Mi:is Margaret Foster CiL'HWeil, a teacher of physical culture, and a uit'tnLer of otic of liie oldest and most honored families in Hollidayaburgjl'a. Tho enlists licit led to her downfall nni the author "f her rtiiu fire not yet known ; but as soon as her identity whs established soine sorrowing friends arrived in Now York and bore the re mains back ti> her childhood's home. Dying among strangers, unknown r:k1 penniless, with the knowledge of the agony (hut hur shame and blasted honor would leave be hind her, hors was a dreadful punishment. One more unfortunate ' Wrnry of breath, -Rashly importunate, ,'Ooiiu tohcr death; Touch lier not scornfully, Think of her mournfully, Gently, humanly, Not of the stains on her, All that remains of her Now is pure womanly. Make no deep scrutiny Into her mutiny, Rash and undutiful; Past all dishonor, Death hath loft on her Only the beautiful. Forgetting her weakness, Her evil behavior, And leaving with meekness . Iler sins with her saviour. A swell club has just started to give us a purified drama. Allah be thanked. They gave a performance last week, and' one joint of the reformation for which our souls are grat 'ful-the ladies appeared in the para B9tte without their two-story and a half 1 ; and now that almost every lady's opera 1i;,d lias something on top that looks very suspieuou'sly like n pair of donkey's ears, the absence of the opera hat was a bight to muke men and gods rejoice. The week has been enlivened by a num ber of.sensations, one of the liveliest beings tho forging of th« §80,000 check on an Eng lish Insurance Company by a confidential clerk of ten years service, and a schoolboy who tried to get the check cashed at a hotel in Albany. Both were nabbed within twenty-four hours,and are now in goal await ing indictment by the Grand Jury. That chronic operatic beat, Colonel Maple son,of Her Majesty's Dirty, Buffs is in town, followed by the remnants of a stranded com pany that ho left upon the road. The re cord of this unsavory person has been one of disaster and failure in New York, and we hoped that we had seen the last of him years ago. Perhaps death may help us to get rid of him. Nothing else will. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 