Commercial. , THE PIO MAJIKET.-At the oity yards auction snloB lout woek, there -was a short supply forward, tlio demand active, and price9 for best descriptions may be quoted a Khade better. Best baconers from 40s to 4os, good from 35s, best porkers 26s, good from 21s to 23s Gd, and others from 17s each. Store pigs, from 7s to 13s. At the railway saleyards the market was good all through, the supply insuffi cient for all requirements. Prices were high and the market closed firm, with good prospects for the future. Store pigs, 7s to 14s ; sucking- pigs, 3s 9d to Gs 3d eucli. Pork in carcase, 3jd to 4Jd per lb. Sydney, October 12. FOLEY BBOS report:-Butter, demand is good, we Imvu by exporting samples to Loudon created more conftdcnco among buyers who purchase freely, feel ing confident the market can be sustained at present values. Cheese, the demand up to the present is somewhat' disappointing, but as the warm weathor creates a demand, we anticipate better prices this month. Bacon, well cut bacon sells well at quota tions, a good deal of rough out is now on the mar ket, and selling a shade lower. Pigs, in good de maud, realising fully from 4£d for good buuon sorts. Eggs, soiling well at quotations. Poultry, all kinds dull, few good sorts ottering. Factory buttor, 9d ; dairy, 7d to 8d. Bacon, hand- cured, 5d to Gd; machiue-oured, Gd to Gjd ; hams, liand-oured, 8d to 9d; machine-cured, 7d to 8d; Lard, 4d to 4|>1. Cheese, 3Jd to 4d. Pigs, 3d to 3id. Calves, 5s to 25s each. Hi-les, Id to ljd. Eggs, 7Jd to 8d. Tallow, £20 to £21 per ton. Fowls, 2s Gd to 3s Gd per pair; ducks, 3s 3d to 4s 3d. per pair. Geese, 4s to 5a per pair. Maize, 3s 7d to 3s 3d. Wheat, chick, 3s 3d to 3s 4d. Feed outs, 2s lOd to 3s per bushel. Seed cuts, 2s 1 Id to 3s Id. Bran, 8Jd to 9d. Pollard, SJd to 9d per bushel. Flour, £9 10s per ton. Lucerne Hay, £3 to £4, ditto ; oaten hay, £3 to £3 15s. Chaff, £3 to £3 15s. Potatoes, £5 10s to £6 10s. Ouious, £6 Ids to £7 5s. Honey, 2d to 4d. Brisbane, October 11. Mr. J. JACKSON (late Queensland Farmers Co-operative Agency Co., Limited.,) report for the weekending October the 11th:-Butter, Gd to Is ; second-class, 2d to od. Maize, 3s 7d to 3s lOd. Bacon, 2dtoGd. Cheese, 2d to OJd. Eggs, 5id to GJd. Chaff, oaten, £3 Ids to £4 los ; lucerne, £2 10s to £4. Hay, oaten (local) £3 to £4 10s ; luooruo, £2 to £3 15s. Smitlifield, Loudon, September 8. FROZEN MEAT TIIA.DE.-Mr. A. Towers, of the Central Markets Cold Air Stores, reports :-The trade siuoo last report has continued dull. Stocks are very heavy and are still accumulating. The demand is, at the best, only normal, and this quite prevents any inroad being made on the stocks, which must bo seusibly decreased before there is nuy hope of better prices ruling. The reaction fol lowing the loug drougiit, if felt at ull, is not likely to be felt until e-irly Spring. Present quotations are : Mutton-Australian and Queouslaud sheep, is lid. Beef-New Zealand, hind-quarters, prime, 2s 4d , fore, nemo. Quo.itiBlaud, hind-quarters, 2s 2d : furo-qimrtars, Is Ihl to Is lOd par stone of 81bs. [BY TELBOR APH.] Sydney, October 17. THE SOUTH COAST AND WEST CAMDEN COMPANY roport:-Dairy Farmers Associutiou fixed the values of butter yesterday, creamery and primest factory 8d, off qualities 7d, dairy 6d to 7d. Bacon, firm, hand, 6d OJd; machiue-cured, 4Jd to 6£d. Hams, 7d to 9U, firm. Lard, 4d to 4 Ad. Clieeso, fair demand, best brunds 3Ad to 4d ; loaf, 4d to 4 ; seoond olnss, 3d to 34d. Houey, soaroe, in good demand. Pigs, 3d to 3jd, fair demand. Prime dry maize, 3s 7<1, fair demand ; inferior samples, from 3s 3d. Bran and pollard, 8jd to 9d. Seed oats, 3s 3d ; feed 2s lud to 3s. Onions, £8. Circular Head potatoes £6 10s; Now Zealand potatoes, £6 5*. Flour, £9 10s. Wheat, 3s 6d. Eggs, 7d, market glutted. MOONLIGHT PROMENADE CONCERT.-The first of the season will be held on Coleman's Point under the auspices of the Federal Band on Friday evoning next. STATION BUILDINGS ON TIIE LISMORE-TWEED RAILWAY.-The plans and specifications for the station buildings to bo erected here and at other places on the railway were received by Mr. C. Coghlan, O.P.S., on Monday evening. The tenders are advertised in the Sydney Morning Herald of Saturday to close on Wednesday, November 1, for erection of station buildings, Lismore, Woodburn (?) (Woodluwn), tfexhill, Laureldale, Booyong, Bmnit JBurra, Granuoile, Cavunba, Tiugara Grass, and Mullumbimby. VENUS AND A COMET.-The Rev. George Martin writes to tho Sl£. Herald:-" In observ ing the planet Venus this (Thursday) evening- j usi after sunset, with a four in. Grilbb equatorial, I was surprised to find a comet in the same telesuopiu field with the plnnet. I thought at first that it must be n ghost, or some flaw in the glass; but on turning tho telesoope on to tho double star Antures, X found things all right and the little companion to the star quite distinot. On re- observing the planet with various powers the comet was a fiue object. In relation to the planet the nucleus was south, following, and the tail spread outin a fan-like curve, in i>nrt developing the planet but in no wiso detract ing from its bfilliunoy. For a few monents to tho nuked eve the plauet was involved in a distinct nebulosity, though 110 cloudB woro in the sky near the planet." THE JUBILEE SINGERS.-This long estab lished and remarkable company 18 known to every English-speaking oountry in tho world, and others SB well. Wherever the Singers travel they are received with favour, and are amongst tho few travelling companies who are uniformly sucoessful in drawing crowded audienees. Originally started by thi Fisk wollege in the United States of America, they travelled on a mission; which has nevor been entirely discontinued, in as far as all the singers have to give a certain recompense to the college where they have been educatod, and from whenco they took their name. Their entertainment is unique of its kind, being a high olars rendition of solos, part songs, and choruses of a religious character. Tlieso luxt are peculiarly -,n>idi.ating on. account of their exquisite harmony, and, without irreverence, their drollery to the ears of white people. The singers are nil descendants of old time slaves, inheriting the musical genius of their race, with voices trained to the highest de gree. Among the remarkuble soloists of tlio com pany are Miss Mattio E. Allan, the only lady tenor in the world ; Mr. Orpheus M. M'Adoo, a famous basso prof undo ; and Mr. H. Hodges, a baritone of more than ordinary ability. In concert the sin- j gars cannot be surpassed, that being adraittod oven in musical Germany to bo " the perfection of part, hinging." Mr. M'Adoo's company will appear in . liisinoro at tho Theatre Royal, on-Monday and I Tuosday next, and will afterwards give a concert at j each of tho principal towns on tho river. Full par- ' tioulars are advertised in another column. 