"HUXLEY'S GHOST" AND MR. JOHN N. BIRKS TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, HUXLEY'S GHOST No. 2. July 12, 1893. Sir —I note the letter of "John N. Birks" in your paper of to-day attacking me most virulently. I am full of brotherly love for "John N. Birks," but equally full of contempt unspeakable tor tbe manner in which ne con ducts his pestilent and mouthing agitation. Quoting his own word, it would be *-childish" to allude to his idiotic ravings, except for the mischief they cause to the simpletons he befools or misleads. Whether he be an anarchist^ or whether he be an —begin tbe word with "a" and end with **s" —I do not care to enquire. He in a manner challenges me to write my own name. Does his brotherly eoul wish to ccc my property destroyed by his unionist lambs, after the fashion in which it was sang'nt to destroy the steamer Wendouree, or my skull fractured by the same as I walk home from my work like that of Henry Martin on Circular Quay, Sydney, references to both which events appear in the same papur as his letter? Not to mention many other cases of the like wickedness. I respect &elf-denying; bard- working men, I believe, much more than does "John 3N". Birks," but I have no respect for the mouthing agitators who, not working themselves, live upon the hard earn ings of those who keep them aud whom they deceive to their ruin. When ''JohnK. Birks speaks of my simplicity in accepting what the Melbourne waiter told me, does he mean to say that such a thing is impossible? Do we not daily ccc here the leaders living on the fat of the land, sleek and comfortable, while the followers are starving? Let me express my opinion that it is fellows like '* John Is" Birks" who conduce to this sort of thing, and who are responsible for perhaps 15,000 men being out of employment who would accept fair wages except for the advice of mischievous agitators like I hold him to be. My brotherly love for "John If. Birks" derives much spiritual conFolation from the thought that verily be anil his like will be suitably chastened when the cataclysm that be is bringing about comes. His union lambs if they win will comfortably absorb his property, and if tbe other side wins they will provide him with a rope or a bullet, as may bo lound most appropriate for the circumstances under which he will bB dealt with. 