Mr. Bjggies's Con- version. MS/ fxt'fisvenor Bun stew " Ghosts I" sneered Mr. Buggies, "bah I rot I humbug I Figments of the imagina tion, my dear sir — disordered digestion, queer liver and so on, /know. Why, sir, my wife, poor gill, useu to say when she was in a temper (aB she usually was), used to say that if she died first she'd haunt me. Haunt me 1 ha I ha! ha! Poor girl, poor silly, girl I" Mr. Buggies was sitting over his wine with three or four cronies. In the gloom of the evening, the fitful gleams of the fire had suggested to one of the guests the idea of ghosts. lie was a tall, lean, sepulchral soft of man with a voice that seemed to issue from some hollow drum, and altogether one of. those persons who, we should be naturally disposed to think, was given to supernatural faficies. Moreover, be drank gin.. His name was Jubbs. "VYell, I don't know," Bald Mr.' JubbB. " Perhaps some of these day's she'll keep her word." "Eh?" cried Mr! Buggies, setting down the glass which he was in the act of rising to bis lips. " Eh?" " 1 say that perhaps she'll keep her word." " Poob, pooh," said Mr. Buggies. " Don't talk like an ass, Jubbs. Tut, tut, to think that a man of your abilities and — ah — so on, should talk like that." " Well," said a heavy-looking man named Jinks, " 1 don't know," and he dr-ink off his glslss of port. "There's no telling,", observed a small man with spectacles at the other end of the table. " Shakespeare tell3 U3 that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt cf in our philosophy." " Shakespeare," said Mr. Buggies com- plasectly, " was a — a — fool." Mr. Buggies was not the first person in the world who had given utterance to this opinion. £n the reign of the George the Third intellect, " Shakespeare is poor stuff," and the George the Third intellect is the average order, Mr. Jinks and Sir. Jubbs felt aggrieved. But wiica a man ia iPniug with another he is, of course, compelled to keep bis opinions to himself. It was net until they were walking through Fitzroy Gardens on their homeward way that they expressed them selves very strongly about Mr. Buggies' rude method of disposing of a debateable question. " IE it hadn't been I was sitting there as his guest," said Jinks, "I'd ha' told hitn what Fthought of biiri." " Tell you what," said Jubbs, "it would serve hitn right to give liim a scare." "It would." If we could raise the ghost ol Bis wife now. Poor woman, no wonder she died." " We'll do it," cried the other with en thusiasm. " We'll do it. Confound the fellow with his self-opinionated airs. I'd like to see him taken down a peg." Whereupon the two friends there and then resolved that the thing should be done, con vinced that it would be the more easy of accomplishment, inasmuch as each instinct ively felt that Mr. Buggies was a rank im- poster, and like most bodies, an arrant ! coward. Time passed, and Buggies still maintained his defiant attitude as to the existence of ghosts. Nevertheless, he bad latterly been somewhat agitated by sundry and divers eccentric noises and movements around and about his house, which was a comfortable habitation in Fitzroy, standing in a goodly garden and backed by a considerable field, wherein an Alderney cow grazed. Now this cow had latterly exhibited some evidence of aberrations of intellect. She would begin to ; ; bellow for no ascertainably reason about midnight, and if not locked up in the stable .would tear around the enclosure furiously. Buggies consulted a veterinary surgeon, who examined the animal, and pronounced her as healthy a cow as any in existence. "Then what makes her fly around at night and bellow fit to raise tbe roof off?" cried Buggies, irritably. "Dashed if I can tell," said the Vet., "unless something frightens her. Maybe," \- he added, jocularly, "a ghost is around, and it don't agree with her." This was a joke, but it struck BuggleB, not only as a bad one, but as one uncon sciously aimed at his heterodox notions in the subject of ghosts. He told: tbe Vet. that he talked like a fool, but as be paid that worthy a guinea, the impertinence was pock-.-ted with the cow— complacently. But this was not all. Contemporaneously with the cow movement, there were- other signs "i' the air" of supernatural high Jinks. Every cat in the neighborhood seemed to be animated by some interest of unusual character. They scattered about : the roof, moaning and, spitting fearfully. Tbe hooting of mopchawks could be beard ; while dismal rnoanings outside Buggies' bedroom window, and sometimes a weird : but suppressed shriek added to these fear some episodes. As for the watchdog, he yelped, and howled, and bayed, and barked until he grew as hoarse as a raven. And Bug- lows began to be nervous. He put trie servants on watch, and got a policeman to keep an eye on the premises. No good ; the cow went ox as before, go did the cats, so did the itiopunawLs, bo did the dog, ami the moans and screams did not cease. It was getting serious. Busies had to drink au extra gla&s; or two of toddy every night to 6teaay his nerves. He went so far as .to speak to his friends, with affected jocularity, about these matters. But they ' loeied grave ; Jinks shook his head solemn ly, and Jubb'8 repeated Shakespeare's lines ' reflectively. "Well, I'll end it somehow," eaid Buggies one starlit but rough night. .13 he sat listen ing to the moaning of the wind, and the rat tling of- the window shutters. "There! . There goes that darned cow asain, au-.l — . and — " . A mournful cry was heard,-; aa from ouc' in great agony, and just close to the house. Buggies shook. "If it be possible, after all," lie muttered," "and she has kept Her word! Perii:-.; s 1 didn's treat her over ami above weii— sometimes," ( Some! lines 1 Thfi 'r.tr lamented ilrs. Bug1 gles ha-.i led ouch a iii'e that death must nave been weicc-me to her.. A faint consciousness of this circumstance added to tbe terrors which cow began to take bold upon Mr. Buggies' imagination. "i'il sell the place 1" he muttered, " and that cow shall be slaughtered to-morrow. Gracious J how that dog is barking. I can't stand it ; anything i3 better than this sus pense. I'll face it, whatever It i9." And he buttoned up his coat, and clapped his hat upon bis head with an air of manful, determination. Seizing tbe first weapon at hand — it happened to be a hammer which he was in the habit of using to crack geolo- . gical specimens (for be dabbled in science did Buggies) — he issued forth into the garden. 1 This he traveraed. Nothing was to be seen, aud it was with a firmer step and stouter heart that be passed iuto the field. The cow was stabled, but she was lowing mourn fully. As I have said, the night was clear, but the guah of wind which passed the field and bent and swayed the trees therein, moaning : the while, lent an uncanny influence to the time and sCetle; Again Mr. Buggies' spirits fell, and a creepy feeling came over him. He shivered, paused, and was about to turn back, when his eyes fell upon an object, tbe sight of which made him jump into the air like an acrobat, dropping his hammer in the action. And then he ' stood stock Still, paralysed by fear, ind gazing with eyes that started from their scckets, and sus pended breathing at the thing before him. . It was a figure of a woman, clothed from head to foot in a white garment, which covered her arms close into her body. Buggies could fnot recognise tbe features because they also were covered, bat bis ex cited imagination and accusing Conscience revealed to hi'rh that the figure was that of his dead wife, and that without doubt she had kept her word and had come from the shades to haunt him thus. The figure did not move, pave that it swayed in tbe wind in which its ghostly garments fluttered ever and anon. Mr. Buggies gazed until bis knee gave away, and at last, with a suppressed shriek, he fell to the ground insensible. How long he lay thus I do not know. When he recovered himself and sat up, and turned his eyes fearfully towards the spot upon which be had seen the apparition it was gone. He crawled back fearfully to the bouse, let himself in with a latch-key, and repairing to a spirit closet, swallowed a vast glass of brandy ; then he crept to bad. But no sleep came to him. The gruesome sight he bad looked upon buuutcd liim through the night, and for many a night thereafter. But, singularly enough, from that night the trouble ceased. The cow ceased to bellow, the cats banished their eonaerts to just and natural proportions, the watch-dog no longer barked his tail off. Aud, though Buggies set some -stout fellows on the watch none of them ever saw the ghost.: As for the mopehawks, everybody sniggered, when Buggies spoke about them. Mope-; ' hawks in tbe centra of Fitzroy — poob 1 ridiculous I However, Mr. Buggies' experience had a very salutary effect upon bis mind and man ner. He no longer argued with such dog matic offensiveness. and, to the surprise of bis friends, would listen to the most extra ordinary statements with an air of credulity and humble trust, wholly different to that self-assertive manner with which he bad been won't to dispute matters beyond his ken. Altogether be was a changed man, and Jubband Jinks plumed themselves upon the success and effects of their plans, with very good reason. For it was indeed to their ingenious in- . vention that the matter was to be traced. Tbe veterinary surgeon who had been called in by Mr. Buggies to inspect the cow was in the secret. It was he who supplied certain herbs which, partaken of by the animaj — being dropped into the iic-ld during the day — brought about spasms about midnight. Her bellowtngs were but an expression of pain; hut, as Mr. Buggies could not read cow language be had been unable to inter pret these. As for the cats, the wicked con spirator had gathered them far and wide, encased their claws in walnut sheila, tied their tails together, and otherwise caused them to contribute to the hubbub. Of course, all this made the dog bark, while the mopehawks were simulated very easily. And, further, the figure which bad fceared Mr. Buggies so dreadfully was nothing more than a fashion-frame such as linen-draper, use to exhibit ladies' dresses. Tbe thing, after all, was very Bimple, but it bad been ; conducted with such caution that, nobody | bad been enabled to make it out, or expost j the fraud. And, as the result had been so . happy, Jinks and Jubbs consoled themselves J with the reflection that the end sometimes; does, indeed, justify the means. 