Ulta §torg- duller. THE MISSING MODEL. BT L. GALBRAITH. Author cf *'L%dj Ij-jt^atan," and other Glicst "A plague on all marrying and giving in marriage, say I." Gordon Mayne flung- aside the sheaf of brushes he h&d; been washing, and began to stride impatiently up and down the studio. " Why the deuce does the woman want to get married?" hedem&uded.; " What business bas a mcdel to m&rry; at all ? She is the property of the artistio public-, aud no ningle man should be permitted to monopolize her—least of all a Philistine of a shopwalker « ho reiuet-s to allow his wife to sit, even to her oldest friend. It is all very well for you to lie grinning there, Fauoit; but let me tell you it is no laughing matter. Here am I with an idea, a masterpiece evolving itself in my miud—a picture chat should icatie my name »nd lift me among the gods on biffJi 0!>mj;i;e ; a tubiiaio conception, which I should, ot course, have treated sublimely. And now, at she eleventh hour, my only model, she only wornau who is she living embodiment of my dream, coolly teaus me w<-.rd that the has married a t hop.valkei —a shopwalker, if you please—and can undertake no more engagements. It is absurd ! It is brutal! i'o what end has Nature endowed her with that fnuttless form and divine length of limb, with that suberh carriage, if the one is to be bidden by the stylish abominations of Westbouine Grove clothier., and the other ruined by wheeling the eternal perambulator down Bayswatur slums? Any healthy female of four foot nothing would have answered the purpose equally rfell. It is sacrilege that " "Tbat divine form should be clasped in the arms of a low born peasant," quoted Faucit from the divan, where he lav luxuriously among ihe cushions, puSing little clouds of smoke rings luto the warm air, and laughing to:t!y at his frieud's vehemence " So it is, oid chap. I sympathise. Have a cigarettt?' : /'I dou't .jare a blue cent, who clasps the divine form, so long as I :an paint it,' - retorted the other crossly, ignoriEg £he proffered cas'j; *' but it is sacrilege thar suah a model should be waited on mere matrimony. I shall never meet h6r equal I My picture is loet." " Hot!" responded Faucit, with conviction. " Loudon is stiff with models. Tnere is always good fish in the aea as ever cams out. 8ee here, De Or^issac is off to Rome next week. He has a capital girl, * brunette, statuesque— the reverts of groteequei? Ill ask him tu send her address. Sou might arrange with bar while ho is away. He won't b» back till Octnb^r." The studio was full of the soft gloom of a late afternoon ia January. Outside the dying fuoset threw a eriuiio- glow on the gath -riug mibtd whioh were turning the prosaic villas of St. John's Wood-road iuto •juchented palac-ea of mystery. Within a wood fire burned betwuen the dogs on the meat op«n hearth and dickered over the unfinished sketches alti-rout- '- L 'e Wi-i plfcvtar caate cji the walls, over tbe two or three big easels, and the odds and euds of diaper its aud easte.-n embioiderie? scattered about. Gordon Mayije had l;uc recently •taken possesion oi the studio. It had Wn Rtanditg empty for some time, and he had secured it at a coni[»r&Uve;!> low rental. " it is an odd thii.g," remarked F*ucit, meditatively, ;.h&t; the veiy laAt time I was here Deverili waB tearing his hair over the disappearance of a model You remember his • Vanity, ; don't >ou? No? Ah, then it was exhibited m 87, when you were in 1'aris. Weil, it was one of the pictures of the year, and the girl who sat for it wa* lovely, perfectly exquixite. Deverill found her. and she sat to uo one but to bim and flint, who is bis great chum, you know. One day she did not turn up as usual. It was the first time she had ever failed him, and Deverill fancied something uuforeeeen had -kept her at borne, sn ore a little, and thought no more about it, til! late tn the evening the girl's father came to enauire at what time his daughter had left the'studio Then it lUi-ced out ihatehe had not gone home the previous cig-ht. and she ue er iid go came. Tiiej searched tot her high and low, had the eaual dragged, put on detectives, and advertised for weeks, but r wasn't the least use. | •She had vanished off tbe faoe of the earth, and not a word bas been heard of her from that day to this." " Bolted witb some one, I suppose," said Majne, conclusively. "No, tbat was the odd part of it. Her uame h<ui never been mixed up with a man's She wasn't that sort of young woman at all. When they searchea ber *-oont they found no letters, nothing thst gtv t the smallest clue to any affair of che kind. Besides, che look no clothes with her: absolutely nothing. Deverill wa« in despair. She was sitting for 'QEuone Forsaken,' the picture he painted for McCaridlitib, the colonial millionaire, and he had not quite finished it. I can't tell you how much be bpent over trying to 6nd ber. After that h6 threw up the da«sic, and «vent in for Scriptural subject?. Qu*er feilow, Dtverill," concluded F&urit;, lighting a fresh cigarette " Would auy other man exile himself for three jears in some stinking Arab village, for the sake of u&inting; bis virgin and disciples on the spot " Lucky for lue he went,"faid Mayne, "orl ihiuld t.sive lost the chance of a rattling good studio. Well, if we really mean to dine ,vith Mrs. Lockhart at seven, I iniittdrese. There is soma sherry and a bottle of Angostura bitters in that cupboard, and here is a glass. Help yourself while you are waiting. I shall not be long." Mrs. Lockhart was noted for her little dinuerr. Cowrs were invariably laid for e : ght, aud both gae«f.e and menu w»-re selected with infix ire cure UntJer tb« >-oni>enial influences of good wiiio and good cuaripsuy, Mayne forgi it his grievances, and it was not till the two men parted for the night, that he again recurred to tho subject of the model. Ksucic was goirg to the club, the artist to St. John's Wcod. " Don't fnrgtt to ask for that girl's address,' .he said, as he stepped into his hansom, and the other nodded a-sent. In the artistic world Gordon Msy/m was t>?iir-rs>:ly spoken of as a rising man. He had been rieicg for sc-veral years, without having attained to any considerable height. Notthatliiuwork wasu'tgood. for it was, and the dealers seldom left aoythiugon hightnds, but since Ii:« Krst exhibit on the walls of Liurlirigton House he had produced nothing very striking, and the critics, who had prophesied graa*- things of the creator of " Pe'agia," fnlt thpy had tak«n in and let him know it. By jwrtraits aud potboilers a ta-iu may gain lucw but not fame; and Gordon h&d; h~?un to realize that it was high time he should bo represented in the summer k'xhibicionB by something more important than young iadies in evening gowns and the prr-tty green and grt-y ian.-trc»p< ri with whi.'h city KPiK'c-nieu cf artistic pre-iileciions iik>- to -idoin tb?ir suburban di'iingrooms. He had waited a long ritae for an in- :)i: ation, and at last th.. in^p'rati.in had con,o. Ou the attwrnoon following Mrs. Luukhai-t e dinner, Mayne was biwily enuagsd in roughing out hit idea with a bit of charcoal, a single female figure - three quarter length and life sizrt —against a curtained doorway. The left hand drew aside the heavy draprrie«. i he right raided the veil from the face. Th? picture was to be ealk-d " Avenged," and the expression of the w oman w to convey its own r.tory to t!;o spectator. If only he oould find an 3'iernint-i roidel Mrijne fi-lt; the composition must prove a success. He was sensible of an enthusiasm for the subject which bud latterly been wanting in his worlc, and he was deeply engrosrd in the sketch whsn some one knu-kei at the outer door—it was a low, almost timid knock, which bad to bs twir-o repeated befo'fi the artist's attention was fairly arre-ted. Rather ruliictantly he aroe to answer the smjinoc^. It was almost rtsrk outeide, and bis eyes, dazzled by the bright lifl-ht of the studio, took m with difficulty.the liceoiripub? of the woman standing on the thi js!i'-!d. She did not speak, only stood looking wistfully into the lighted room. "You want to see me5 Mnyne enquired courteously. " Will you come in 1" Ee threw back the door As she stepped forward, he saw that his visitor was a young woman considerably above the average height, and tbat abe moved superbly, with the natural eraoa of ft perfectly-formed and healthy girL A second glance assured him that she was undeniably pretty. She was well, but not fashionably dressed in some black clinging material whioh bnng in straight, almost classical folds. As she reached the centre of tbe room she turned and drew back the veil she wore with a gesture that brought an involuntvy exclamation to tbe painter'e lips. It was the preciee action he had attributed to the figure in his sketch. His eyes devoured the faultless features, the exquisite colouring of the face before him, the rich tint of tbe cbesnnt hair visible beneath her hat, tbe expression of the wonderful eyes. For a few moments be stood silently gazing, lost in admiration of her singular beauty. Then, finding she made no effort to explain her errand, he became con sciousof tbe absurdity of the situation. " You wish to see me! he Mid. "What can I do for yout" Her eyes rested on the unfinished sketch as she answered in a low voioe— "You require a model?" It fla-hed across Mayne that this must be the girl Fauoit had mentioned, and be inwardly endorsed his friend's encomiums on De Croixsac's protige. He began at once to explain his requirements, hours, &c.; She listened quietly, answering his direct questious, but never volunteering a a remark. When the arrangements were completed she declined his offer of refreshment and wont to the door. As he showed ber out the young man reminded ber that be knew neither her name nor address. The girl raised her beautiful eyeE slowly to his face. " I shall be here at ten," she answered, and slipped past him into the darkness. Later in the evening a telegram was delivered at the Btudio. It WBJB from Faucit, stating that he was on the point of starting for AthenB, in consequence of a despatch apprising bim of the cudden death at the British Embassy of his eldest brother. Mayne threw himself hc-art and soul into his new work. Tbe model proved an admirable sitter. She caught the spirit not only of the pose, but of tho faoial expression, and h»r powers of endurance were remarkable. She could stand for almost any length of time without evincing the slightest fatigue. As the work grew under his hand, lUayne became more and more fascinated His artistio sensibilities were aroused to a speoies of exaltation. The picture was never absent from his thoughts by day, and all night long be dreamed of it. Th« singular beauty of his model exercised over him an almost magnetic influence. The hours he spent with her in the studio were like an introduction into a new and unknown world. Without analysing the oauge he was conscious in her presence of a keen delight to which he had hitherto been a stranger. He was jealous of any eye but his resting on tbat exquisite face, and denied himself to all vieitorB during the sittings. He worked for the most part in silence. The girl never spoke unless directly addressed. She was surrounded by an atmosphere of mystery. She showed the strongest aversion to meeting mth strangers, and on two oeeesfoas on which in the early days of ber engagement Mayne had vc-c :.'ivfld friends she disappeared and did not return until he was sgain alone. It was no8 until after she had been sitting to bim for several weeks that the artist learned her name and address, and then only on condition tbat he should make uo use of his knowledge except under urgent necessity. He gave tbe nr.-Miiibe readily, &b; he would have agree! to anything she required, for she had obtained a remarkable influence over the young man. Without a word having passed between them he was deeply in love with his model, and he believed that she understood his unexpressed sentiment towards her. At the end of April Fauoit returned to town. Family affairs bod detained him abroad far into February, after which he had accompanied a relative on a protracted yachting trip. One of hiB first visits was paid to the studio in St John's Wood. He found Mayne at home and disengaged. The two men hai not corre^pouded, and Fauoit enquired with interest after the progress of his friend's work. " How did you manage about your model?" he asked, when he had settled himself on the divan and lighted the usual cigarette. " I thought once of writing to De Croissac about that girl, but I didn't know his address in Rome, and the news of poor Bob's death drove werytbing else out of my head before I left England." Mayne stared at him blankly. "But you did send her," he said. "She oame tbe very next day." "She—who?" "Tbe modal, of course; and I can never thank you efficiently for what you did for me. S^pia an inspiration. I can honestly say that piu.-re is the beet thing I have ever done. It is splendidly hung, on line at tbe end of the eecond room. See here," he pointed to the black and-whit'- study which hung on the opposite wall; "that gives you a faint idea of it." • Fauoit pulled himself up and went over to the sketch. As his eyes rested on it his faoe changed. "Good God !" he exclaimed, " Who eat for that ?" "De Oroissac'a model, the girl you sent, and the most perfect woman in the whole world." "Are you off your head?" cried Faucit; " That is no more De Croissac's model than I am, and I never Sf-£.t any one. That is Great heavens! Mayne, don't play the fool. Where did you find her? How did she get here? Answer me," as the a.-cist etood in silont amazement at this unprecedented^ out buret of excitement on the part of bis impassive friend, " where in tbe name of all that is wonderful did you oome across Violet Lucas ?" " You know ber name ?" "Know her name. ; ' repeated tbe other impatiently. " Wasn't her name advertised in every paper, at every Police Station in London. _ I tell you the original of that picture IB none other than DeveriU'a lost model, the girl who disappeared three years ago." The private view of the Royal Academy was, if anything, more largely attended than usual. All eorts and conditions of notabilities thronged the principal rooms. Lady journalists taking hasty notes of tbe costume worn by a charming young duchess who was making a com- of inspection under the Piesident's guidance. A leading scientist was arm in arm with a well known writer of burle»qae; R.A.V and A R A.'s by tbe dozen, stars of .be artistio and dramatic firmament, authors, critics, a mammoth picture dealer, a host of people merely smart, and a smaller sprinkling of those who could not boa<t even that most modern of all claims to notoriety. " Very line pioture. Lone way the strongest thing we have seen of your; siuoe ' Pelagia.'" The gieat dealer nodded approvingly at Mayne, who stood chatting with Faucit at a short distance from bis work. " I said just now io AlcCandlish (he's tbe man for you), 'if you want to see the pioture of the year,' Isaid, 'there it iB. M*yne iE a ooming man. If you duu't take it. I nliall.' Don't you let him have 't a ptnoy under six hundred. I'll give five hutioted myself for it any day. It's a very : fitework." " Yes' put in the critic of a leading journal, j who was also an old friend of the artist, "it j takes a lot of punishment to ruski-. you try, old man; but when yen ue screwed up to the ]>oiut you are capable of cutting down your I field. I've had ciy knife into > you you consistent!? consistently i for about four yeais now, and at last I have succeeded in driving you to produce a picture worth criticising." " Here is MoUaudlisb," said Bignold. " You dou't know him, I think?" He turned to the new corner with a few words of explanation, and presented Mayne. The millionnire waa a big man, verging on fifty, with immense shoulders and a fresh coloured, rather sensual faoe. He acknowledged the introduction in a Bomewh&t; off-handed mauner and glanced &t; the picture. The eyes of three of the little group turned in the »me direction ; but Kaucit, who hapjtened to be looking at the Australian, saw him give an irrepressible start. " When was this picture painted, Mr. Mayne ?"' he asked iu a tone that was a trifle too o.i&ual.; " I finished it three weeks ago." "Did you work from a—a model?" Certainly, and it is a very faithful por" trait." McCandlish could not take his eyeB off the canvas ; it bad evidently made a great impression on him. Witb an attempt at carelessness which was not lost on one at least of one of his auditors, he continued— '' Tho picture bears a striking resemblance to one already ia my possession, but the lady who sat for that is dead, I am told." " IVrbap/'—to his dying dty Fauoit will never know what prompted the remark— " Miss IJUOM is not dead. Perhaps before long Bhe may be" " A venged !" said a clear voice at bis elbow —" No. 112." Tbe lady wbo had spoken passed on; but Faucit, turning, saw that every vettige of colour had died out of th9 Australian's faoe. His jnw dropped, his eyes were staring straight before him, where, close by the barrier, stood a till, graceful «otnan, dressed in Wack. With her right hand she raised the veil ahe wore, and disclo-ed the exquisite features of M-iyne's mysterious model—the original ot the picture behind her— tho missing Violet Lncas ! For a brace of seconds Faucit held his breath ; then he oaught sight of May no's face, beaming with delight, and knew that he Wis not dreaming. With a stifled cry nf "My God !" McOandlish staggered back and clung to Bignold's arm for support. The exclamation distracted Faucit's attenion. W hen he looked again for the girl she was gone. Mayne bad also vanished among the cr<->wd ; and Bignold, witb consternation written on his broad, red faoe, was enquiring of tbe colonial what tbe deuce waa the matter with him. McCandlish looked ghastly. "ft is nothing," he stammered ; "sort of attack I have sometimes—over direotly. Help me to get out of this; the heat is stifling." The good-natured dealer shouldered a passage through tbe crowd. Faucit tnrned to the critio. " Did you see that girl ?" he aBked. " The one in green ? Hardly a girl—forty if she is a day, but a haudBome woman still." "No. no," impatiently; "the the girl in black who was standing in front of Mayne's picture." The other stared. " Is it a riddle!" he enquired. " I'm not good at riddles. Ask me another." "You must have seen ber," Faucit urged. " It wap Mayne's model. What is tbe joke?'* he added shortly as bis companion broke into a broad smile. " My dear chap, if it were any one but you I should ask where you had been lunching." "I don't know what the devil you mean," was the retort. " The girl was there. MoCand-. lish saw her; to did Mayne, 80 must yoa unyou are blind. She was standing there," indicating the spot. The other man instantly became grave. " You have been overdoing it' a little," he said. "I know the sort of thing; get it myself sometimes. Go and see your doctor and tske it easy for a bit." "Do you think I am mad or drunk?" Baid Faucit indignantly. " Neither, but a little overworked. On my honour, old man, there was no one there." Without another word Fauoit left him. Elbowing his way to tbe door, he met Bignold! "Where is MoCandlish ?"' be aeked. " I've put bim into a cab and sent bim borne. He seemed all right when I got him outside! Queer sort of attack, wasn't ifc?" "Very," Faucit assented, dryly. "The sigbtof that girl startled him, I suppose." " What girl?" Tbe situation was becoming critical. The young man pulled himself together. " Did you not see," he enquired, trying hard to keep bis temper, "a woman in black, standing before Mayne's picture?"' "What the deuce are you driving at? I was straight opposite tbe picture, and there wasn't any weman that I saw." There was no mistaking the sincerity of his tone. Faucit muttered something about a mistake, and went in Bearoh of Mayne. He found the artist returning breathless from the hall. "I cannot find her anywhere,"he began. "I have been through all the roomB and out into the street. I asked the constable downstairs, but no one seems to have seen ber. It is very odd." "Very odd," indeed," was Faucit's answer. "Come outside, where we can tslk quietly. There is more in this than meets the eye." " Look here," was hiB next remark, when he bad related what had passed during Mayne's absence. ''There IB a screw loose somewhere. I do not believe in spiritnaliem and that sort of thing, but I mean to eet to the bottom of this business. You say Miss Lucas gave you her address; you must communicate with her." "But," objected Mayne. "she said I could not see ber for three weeks, and I promised not to use the address except under urgent neces ^essity." "The necessity is urgent. I met Flint last night, and he told ms (I was making enquiries about her) that Miss Lucat's people know nothing of her whereabouts. They believe her to be dead. Now, she was a good girl, and devoted to her father and sister; if she Were living in town, a free agent, would she keep them in ignorance of her fate ?" " Then you think ?" "Nevermind what I think. What is her address?" " Alma Cottage, St. Cyr-road, Hampstead. Shall I write?" " No," said Faucit, " we frill go. You shall see her while I wait in tbe cab. If she is not at home you oan write to-night." Tbey bailed a hansom, and gave the address. Faucit sat back in the cab, smoking and thinking; Mayne leaned forward, with his arms on the doors, his face flushed with excitement and expectation. " Suppose she is not in?" he said once. " Of course she won't be in. She will not have had time to get home. " Then we will wait till she U in," was the quiet reply. After an interminable drive they reached St. Cyr road. It was a dreary, out-of-theway sort of place, bordered on either side by small detached villas, eaoh surrounded by a wall the top of which was inorusted with broken glass. All were dismal, several were unoccupied. Before one of the latter the hansom stopped, and the driver lifted tbetrap. "This is Alma Cottage, sir," he said, "but there don't seem to be any one living there." Mayne sprang out. The name was clearly painted on each of the dingy stuccoed gateposts. The gate was padlocked, the garden neglected. The shutters were dosed, and the blinds drawn down. There waa a bell at the gate, and the artist pulled it vigorously. It was very stiff, and beyond the creaking of the wire elicited no response. ** Pebaps there is another house of tbe same name," Ktocitsuggested to the man; "drive up the road and back, slowly." " The cabby obeyed. He walked his horse along by the kerb, Bcanning the names on every gate. There was no other Alma Cottage. Mayne was still struggling witb tbe bell. Ac old man carrying an armful of gardener's tools, bad stopped to look at him. "There ain t no manner of use your ringing there, sir," he said, presently; "tbe place bas been empty this three year." • " IVbo does it belong ta ?" asked Faucit, who bad come up in time to hear the last sentence. "Tve heard teil as tbe l&at; party who had it was called Johnson, but I never seed any one but the servant there. Fhe gen'elman only came down irreg'lar like—of a night," and he grinned significantly. " Is the placa to let?" " There's never been no board up; but Mr. Standing, the agent, used to have the letting of it." " Where is he to be found ?" The man told him. Fauoit gave him a shilling and got into the cab. " We will see the agent,'' he -aid. The agent proved to be an affable gentleman who wore a check suit, a crimson tie, and several rings. "Ses, he had the management of tbe St. Cyrroad property ; knew Alma Cottage perfectly, but it was not to let. Tbe present owner was , abroad. Ye., he bad been abroad for some i time; but he had no intention of letting the house; had - - refused several - Qgere f£ r already. "I have rather a fancy for the plaae," Fauoit suggested mendaciously; " I should bcP quite willing to mees your client on his own terms." " Not tbe least use, sir; Mr. Johnson won't let at any prioe. He may return to England some day soon, and be would require the house again." " It must get very damp," said Mayne, thoughtfully ; but I suppose there is a oaretoker who looks after it." The agent did not know. There was nothing for it but to return to town. When Faucit had left his friend at the c?nb bs took a freeb cab, drove to a large house in Fark-laue, and enquired for Mr. McCandlish. The ssrvant informed him that his master had left for the Continent two honre before Did not know wben he would be back. The journey was quite unexpected, Mr. McCandlisb had left no address ; he would wire in the morning where his letters were to bs sent. Faucit gave tbe man his card. " I wished particularly to see Mr. McCandlisb," he said; "but I suppose I must wait now. Let me have hie address as soon as you know it." Ho slipped half a sovereign into the servant's hand, and went back to the ?lab. O i the way be stopped at a telegraph office, and despatched a message:— " Alma Cottage, St. Cyr-road, Hampetead. Find out all possible about owner aud carettiktrii practicable to get in to house. Urgent— Fauoit." Tho telegram was sent to Hay ward, 112\. Denbigh-street, Pimlico. "One thing is certain," he said later on to Mayne, " and that is that McCandlioh knows something about tbe girl. He saw the likeness, and bo recognised the original. He was awfully upset, and he bolts forthwith. If she is alive he is afraid of meeting her, and" If she is alive," iaterrapted the artist, "why we saw ber this afternoon." " Three of us saw her"—Faucit struck a match very deliberately—"or thought we did." " I did see h6r," said Maylie, doggedly. " But Bignold and Vernon did not. Why did she give you that addiess?" "I don tknow"—very unwillingly. " I do. It was because tbat house was the last address she had to give, and I believe that it is there we shall find ber." '* Yoa think it possible that she can be ooncealed about the promiees ?" " Yes," 6«id Faucit, coolly. Four days later Mayne received an urgent summons to bis friend's chambers. He found him closeted with a short, comuionplaoe man, whom he introduced as Mr. Hayward. The artist recognised tbn name as that of a detective whom Fcuoit bad come across professionally, and of whose judgment and tact he held a very high opinion. "Another link in the chain, >: he remarked, without watting time in preliminaries. "Now, Hay ward, tell your own story." "Not much of a story yet, sir; but Mr. Johnson, the owner of Alma Cottage, is really McCandlish the millionaire. He took tbe house on lease from February, '£6, and out in a housekeeper. He wae never there in the daytime; used to go down late at night with a friend, not always the same, and leave in a few hours or early next morning. In April '87 be bought the place, and has never occupied it since. A caretaker goes in and opens the windows now and again. Crusty old party, of the name of Short Not to be bonght; says her orders are to admit no one, and she ain't going to lose a good job along of strangers." " What is there at the back ?" "Garden of house in Kandolph-street unoccupied. Windows of adjoining houses don't overlook the premises, leastways only tbe garden." Mayne rose suddenly, o'er that hoaw to-night," 6a "".ft" 1 »hard, Strained voice. *es, agreed Faudt, quietly. "Will voo bnug some toole, Hay ward?" «. r I 3 a cri ®inal offence, Mr. Faucit" t o l d y™ tb «»t I take the entire responsibility. You shall lose nothing B by the business. What time?" " About 11," answered tbe detective, shrugging his shoulders. " Better meet me at the end of the Hampstead road. Can't go up in v hansoms, you know, sir." At half an hour to midnight the three men reached tbe gate of the empty bouse. They had taken _ the precaution of separating en route, Faucit and Mayne keeping together, the deteotive following on the opposite side of the street. The road was absolutely deserted. Th* inhabitants were apparently early people, and all the houses wen dark. By the light of fhe last lamp Hay ward consulted his watch. *' Halfpast," be . said. "Constable won't pass till 11.50. We have twenty minutes to do it," He took off his coat, folded it, and threw it over tbe broken glass on the wall. " I'll give yon a leg up, Mr. Faucit. Drop carefully, there are boshes on the other side. Fauoit clambered over, and the others followed. Guided by tbe detective, tbey made their way round to the back. Onoe down the area Hay ward showed a light. Slipping m knife op the shutter of the kitchen window, lie warfasa open tbe bolt, broke a pane of glass, tuned the fastener, and raised the sash. Thay made » careful inspection of the house. Dost )«y tbiok on the covered furniture and carpetisse floors. From room to room their footsteps echoed noisily in tbe dead stillness of the night. They began at the garrets and worked their way back to the basement without finorog the smallest trace of any human being, living or dead. When they reached the door of thekltohen Mayne s face was very pale. There were black circles round his eyes. His expression was one of utter despondency. better go, gentlemen," said Hayward, there is nothing more to be seen, I think." He held up the lantern and looked round. "Wait a bit," he added. "Then ia » oellar." A stout oak -door opened from the darkest corner of tbe passage. It was seouied by m couple of heavy bolts, and across the look was drawn a tape fattened by two seals." "Wine-cellar," suggested Fauoit. He slid the bolts, which were rusty sad moved with difficulty. . Hay ward took & small bag from his pocket, and proceeded scientifically to pick the lock. In five minutes tbey were standing inside. It was a wine-tsellar, fitted with bins, most of which were empty. There were a few bottiw of champagne and half a dozen or so of spirits." _ "Not enough stuff to justify all that pronation," remarked Faucit. The detective stooped, holding the lantern dose bo tbe ground. "Bricks loose here," he said. "This floor bas been taken up and never properly relaid." He knelt down, sifting tbe dost and little bits of loose mortar in his fingers. Presently be drew out what looked like a dnstweb, and held it carefully to the light, gently disengaging tbe clinging particles and smoothing it between bis thumb and forefinger. It was a long, silky hair. "Look here, sir," he said, "here's a aloe at Is6t. There's a light poker in the kitchen tbat will serve our turn. Just yon wait a minute till I fetch it." Faucit laid bis hand on Mayne's arm, and felt in tbe darkness that he was shaking from head to foot. Hay ward was back in a second. He slipped the thin end of the poker between the bricks, using it as a lever. Very little effort dislodged them. When he had removed a down he thrust his arm into the hole, scraping up handful* of rubbish and loose earth. ICach handful he examined by tbe light of the Iantern. Tbe upper layer was chiefly brickdost and earth. Lower down the doit was largely mixed with a white substance. "Quicklime," ejaculated the deteotive. "I should not wonder, Mr. Faucit, if yoa •j I am weren't right after all." He lengthened the aperture, working with a will, till the bricks were removed for a space of nearly six feet. Then he and Fauoit scraped up the earth. Two feet below the surfaoe they cede upon a complete bed of lime. "Gently," said Hay ward; "we've ocxne to what we ars looking for." Taking out his hankerchief he oaretuHy swept away the white dust. The two men bent forward, with a sickening instinot of what by beneath that thin covering. Suddenly the detective looked np. "Mr. Fauoit,"he remarked, quietly, ""joa! Bee to your friend. Hell be off in a seooad." Tbe warning was not a minute too Mas. Before the words were fairly past hit lips Mayne had reeled and pitched heavily into Faucit's arras, in a dead faint. As he caught the unconscious man tha barrister looked down into tbe cavity and saw lying at bis very feet—lloe per Jed ilekUm of A • voirjan t It was all tbat remained of tbe most beautiful model in London—the girl whose fate had for three years been wrapped in mystery—the original of DeveriU'a "CBnone," Violet Luooe. 