To the Editor of,the Advocate. StB,—We fdl know than was a time when It was the proud boastofihe Anglican Church that they bad separated themselves from She Roinan GatholiB<Ghtaxch 'at the 1 timeot the so-called ffeformation; but, not content ;%tth their other variations, (hey are' now. setting up the ; ridiculous - pretension that they are members of the old Catholic Church of England that existed before »ho Reformation. ! . A few samples of, thefr absapfches atoba gleaned from some of todajUy pa^rs during the last fortnight. In (he account of the Diocesan Festival in the Argut of the 6th inst.; Bishop Goe makes reference to the three English: bishops being present at ihe Counoil of Aries, A.D. 314, and D. M. Berry, in his letter in the Argus of the 9th inst., also makes referenoe to the same. Both these gentlemen state that it was their Church whioh sent the three bishops to represent them—their Church, which was only founded by Henry VIII. and a servile Parliament in the sixteenth century (A.D. 1534) I G. M. Pattison, in his letter of the 9th inst. to the same journal, has the hardihood to assert that the English Churoh was only reformed and not founded then, but that is too much for people with even a little knowledge of history. You oannot pull down a house and build up another in its place and say it iB the same house because it is built on the same ground, yet that is what the reformers of the sixteenth century have done. They abolished the supremaoy of the Pope, they .abolished the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, they did away with the Invocation of the Saints—and yet they want ns to believe it is. the same ohurch. A pretty specimen of a .reformer their founder, Henry VIU., was. If the gentlemen who Set up these novel and astounding claims would only look into history a little, they would find that the three bishops (whom they call theirs), recognised the authority of the Pope, celebrated the sacrifice of the Mass, prayed to and respected the Blessed Virgin as the mother of God, and practised the Invocation of the Saints. These three bishops, who belonged to the Roman Catholic Church, as she exists today all over the world, at the Council of Aries, A.D. 314 (to which all these letters refer), submitted, with the other bishops attending the council, all their decrees to Pope Silvester, and begged him to send letters to all the bishops, according to custom, so that all should keep Easter on one.and the same day; and Venerable Bede, our great English historian, says of Pope Gregory that, whereas he bore the Pontifical Power over all the world, and was placed over the ohurches already reduced to the faith of truth, he made our nation, till then given up to idols, the Churoh of ChriBt. And.yet the Anglicans say that they belong to the old English Church, while refusing to recognise the Pope as head of the Catholic Church. Listen to what their own Archbishop Laud says:—" I die in the Protestant faith, as by law established." Surely no one will pretend to say that the old Catholio Church of England before the Reformation was established by law, and, if not, what other Churoh can it be, except the Church founded at the Reformation ? G. H. Pattison, in his letter to the Argus of the 9th inst., says he cannot conceive in what spirit " Nathaniel" writes his letter of the 8th inst. In Mr.-Pattison's state it would not be an easy matter to ielp him. For my part I oan understand it quite clearly. It shows that on this point, as on so many others, the members of the Anglican Church are not agreed. There are some of them honest and sensible enough to reject the absurd continuity theory, refusing to be deceived themselves, or to join in an attempt to deceive others. Not content with - usurping and possessing the old ohurch.property and endowments of our Roman Catholio Churoh, they, would like to rob it of its grand old name and history, for the Church of England has as znuoh right to the old churoh property and endowments whioh they possess as the Emperor of China has. At the diooesan festival Judge Hpdges said :—" Everyone present congratulates themselves on being a member of a ohnroh whioh haB its past, its history, and ita traditions." Yes, the Anglioan church , haB a past, a history, and a tradition, extending not quite 350 years back, but these are recollections and reflections in whioh there is little to be proud of. The truth of the matter is, the AngliojuiB are beginning to be ashamed of their founder and their origin. I really do hot wondiar at that, but I do wonder they have not enough sense of honesty to deter them from inlrioging on the rights of .others/ If their nwn history is not very creditable, they/should not attempt to rob the Boman Catholio Church of her grand old history, to .whioh she is so justly eptitled. As it ii.they are only mating themselves ridMnloua, in the eves of the worlcl and in the eyes of most of their oo-religionists, who j are too' B£M&e; to be deceived by such an aksord attempt at imposition.—I am, etc. • ':"', 4>oi/>ou, THE . INVESTIGATION OF SPOOKS—There are already (the Age says) two institution in Melbourne whioh are more or less oopiieoted with the study of occnlt phenoiRena^ tnd whioh profess to have abme sort of 'solution for the appearance of what tire comtnonly called ghosts. These Booties are composed of TheoBophists and OpbriiuBlistB. It fa sow likely -that a&other; body jnll shortly , come into existence whose purpose will bi to j^nt for the fepckjk.' A number of m&tiesien; who have probably been stimulated %y -the Extraordinary experiences of related in Sir. Stead's new' ture, Borderland, Us considering the'desirability of forming a PByChical Research Society for Melbourne, and It is r lBtdy that «ttoIbeiirnewillhav& 