NEW YEAR'S EVE. THE STREETS BY DAY. Though the banks doing business in Adelaide were closed on Saturday, the Government offices and the shops, which had already had their shutters up for half the week, were open as usual, the holiday in their case beng adjourned until Monday. In most instances the Christmas goods had been removed from their pride of place in the win- dows, which were dressed to attract the steady trade of the summer season. With an assured harvest and the prospect of the speedy resumption of the distribution of divi- dends from the Broken Hill mines it is ex- pected that customers and the average amount of their purchases will show a large increase when the New Tear has fairly begun, and it is evident from the handsome stocks displayed in such well-known warehouses as those of Messrs. J. Miller Anderson and Co., Messrs. J. Marshall & Co., Messrs. C. Birks & Co., and Messrs. Martin Brothers, not to speak of the establishments of jewellers, furniture dealers, and dealers in fancy goods, that very complete preparations have been made for tbe approaching boom. In the day- time there was co attempt at external decora- tion in tiie chief 6treets of the city, although there was about everything a certain in describable aspect of festivity. The throng of well-dressed and happy-looking promenaders was large, although the principle of "one person one parcel" was not so conscientiously observed as on Christmas Eve. Santa Claus fulfills his annual mission and disappeared at the end of last week, and toys and ornaments have now given place to pur- chases of a more utilitarian nature. The weather, as on the other holidays, was simply delightful, and even if the emporiums of trade had not been so inviting would have irresistibly tempted pedestrians and carriage folk into the air. In Rundle-street, indeed, locomotion of all sorts was a slow and tedious process because of the crowd, while the excited buyers on 'Change effectnally stopped pro- gression ou the King William-street footpath except in single file and by devious ways. The amusements provided for the people of Adelaide were numerous, and the attention of lovers of field sport was divided between pony races at Plympton, an intercolonial bicycle meeting on the Oval, and a champion sculling race on the Port River. Great interest was taken in the cricket match in Melbourne between the champions of South Australia and Victoria. The visiting team went first to the wickets, and at the conclusion of their innings had only put together 73 runs. The Victorians were also disposed of during the afternoon for 180 runs, and when stumps were drawn the Sonth Australians in their second innings were 27 without the loss of a wicket. THE STREETS BY NIGHT. Perhaps at no time during the year is the spirit of goodfellowship more strikingly displayed than on the day which forms the connecting link between the old year and the new. The past may have been clouded o'er with trouble, and to look back be anything but a pleasant task, and so with a feeling of relief the world turns a prophetic eye to the future where "Hope, like the gleaming taper's light, adorns and cheers the way." Pessimism gives place to a healtny optimism, and there is genuine feeling displayed in the hearty greetings for "A happy New Year" which prevents its frequent repetition from becoming monotonous. What though the good resolutions made at the dawn of the now dying year have been broken, or the bright hopes that then beat high have been doomed to disappointment; man is the creature of circum- stance, and looking into the future bright with promise renews those resolutions with a determination that augurs well for their fulfilment. The new year was ushered in by glorious weather. The parting sun as he sank to rest seemed to bid a linger- ing farewell to the old year, touching earth and sky with his rosy lingers till, blushing responsive to his caresses, the air was bathed in crimson glory. Then from a cloudless sky peeped out the stars, recalling Lytton's fanci- ful description—" And the stars sat each on his ruby throne, and watched with sleeplets eyes upon the world. It was tne night ushering in the new year, a night on which every star receives from the archangel that then visits the universal galaxy its peculiar charge. The destinies of men and empires are then portioned forth for the coming year, and un- consciously to ourselves our fates become minioned to the etars. A bushed and solemn night is that in which the dark gates of time open to receive the ghost of the dead year and the young and radiant stranger rushes forth from the clouded chasms of eternity." New Year's Eve is a time of sentiment, but the man who indulges in the luxury of romantic thought had better avoid the crowded streets as fatal to poetic reflection. Here all is life and jollity—a moving crowd of humanity with no especial aim but to bill time, peram bulates tbe streets until midnight, and with merry jest or noisy horseplay arrests the fleet ing pleasure of the hour. Troops of laughing yoitns light up the Etreets at intervals with blue and crimson matches, and from one or two balconies along the line of march comes the sound of the inevitable " Ta-ra-ra boom-de- ay" and other "up to date"' music. Instruments of torture are numerous, and ear splitting discords give the lie direct to Con greve's often-quoted line, "Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast." The "savage breast" of the growing schoolboy delights in distressing noUes emitted with terrific force from trumpet-; fashioned of tin, and drams of peculiar power. What a curious motley crowd it is, as it surges along the principal thorough fares of the city. Babies in arms, babies in perambulators, and babies on foot add their voices to the whirlwind of bound which rises from the streets, while proud and happy fathers listen approvingly as who should say " This youngster's lungs are all right." As the night creeps on apace tht crowd is augmented by those who have spent the earlier portion cf the evening at the various places of amusement in the city—the Theatre, the Bijou, and the Exhibition gardens each contributing their quota to the growing mass of humanity. Shortly before midnight a general move is made for King William- street, and soon from The Advertiser corner to the Post-OiSce the street is completely blocked. From the brightly illuminated balcony of the Town Hall the City Volunteer Band, under Bandmaster Hodder, discourses music of a rollicking and popular nature to an accompaniment of stentorian cheers from below. For the first time for many years the bells are silent, the time honored custom of ringing the old year out and the new one in being unaccountably neglected. To those who keep a midnight watch in the suburbs, and their name is legion, the message of the bells was wont to come, softened by distance, with a singularly pleasing effect. Perhaps it was as a tribute to the athleticism of young Australia that the new year was ushered in with "dumb bells," but it is to be hoped that this pleasing and ancient custom will not be allowed to drop alto gether. Just before midnight tbe band struck up "Auld lang syne," which was loudly re- echoed from the streets, continuing until the first stroke of the clock heralded the approach of the new year. The last strain died away with the old year recalling the lines of the poet— So he passed away in music. His death sleep Closed on him softly as the slumbers of a child, When a sweet song sung in a sweet voice above him, Calls up into its sound his gentle being. Loud cheering greeted the advent of 1893, and with hearty greetings for the new year the crowd gradually melted aaray. AT HINDMARSH. New Year's Eve passed off quietly at Hind marsh. The Salvation Armyat the Brompton Barracks was in high glee with the Guards' Brass Band No. 2 discoursing music, and a happy time was spent by the soldiers and lassies, who mustered in good numbers. Watch-night services were held at the Bowden Bible Christian Church and Brompton Wes- leyan Church. A large number of persons assembled in Gibson-street, Bowden, on Satur- day night, to witness the iast nickering of a large candle in the window-of Mr. R. Irwin's drapery establishment. The candle, when whole, was 2 ft. 6 in. in length, 2¼ in. in diameter, and weighed 3?, lb. The time taken to bum it-out was -36 hours 16 minutes 58 seconds. Six hundred tickets with guesses were received. The awards were given as follows:—Mr. Geo. Allen first, a marble clock, 36 hours 20 minutes; Mr. W. Wood second, cruet; third, Mrs. Bradshaw, butter cooler, 36 hours 20 minutes 10 seconds; fourth, Mrs. Ambrosio, half dozen knives and forks, 36 hours 12 minutes 3 seconds. Mr. Allen and Mr. Wood guessed the same time, and drew for first and second prizes. The new year was ushered in with the loud and long whistle at the gasworks, and guns were discharged ad libitum. Some effervescent youths lifted a few gates which were removed to other places, but nothing serious transpired. 