B1UAHDS. i THE AMERICAN CHAMPION BILLIAKD ! PLAYKK. '. A CHAT WITH l'BANK C. 1VE-. All interested in billiards will real the following account of &Q; interview with Ivcs (who has twice defeated Roberts) which ? appeared in the London Sketi-h, The inter- ' view waa prior to the firet match which took place in London. 1 shall cot. remarks the interviewer, criticise his play or style in any dttaii beyond remarking ttmt he plavB t canons with marvallouB dexUrity. apparently recklessly, in optn order all over the table, { and he seldom uses the 'mi' while hie; masse strokes arc a remarkable feature in ' side of the water, to arrange your match ; during the Derby week, but you have your beat Roberts,' I remarked. - 'Bo I am told,' replied the youth, fur ' However, I can but try. 1 mayn't win ; but I'll bet one thousand pounds and etafcu it that I make a bigger break than Roberta.' ' And what has hitherto been your biggest .' ' ' Well, I made H372 off canone at home, ' Prodigious, indeed ! OI conrse you , depend for victory on the c*non game 1 ' ; ' Why, certainly ; till five months ago I : had never pockoted a ball.' ] ' But you have been a billiard player sone ' ' Only five yearn l&Bt; November. Before : th&t; I uied to ride steeple and flat racoa, till 1 got a bit too heavy. Then 1 went iu for cycling, and won ttic championship at Michigan on a 5-2}in raocr. Afterwards 1 took to bisc-ball professionally. Look here at my hands. Do you ace, 1 haven't a ninglo finger that's straight,' Bxid he, as he held out his hands, distorted anJ twisted from diulo- j \- And eince you have taken to billiards ; what have you done ? ' ' Well.ltt meaae ; my first conteBt, was | against profeesiooalB in Chickering Hall, New York, in tue year '90 when I tied for fourth money. 1 broke all their records, WUllC my gm.au average w&h; mrgei tunu mat ; of the winner. The next year 1 played at Chicago against Bchaefer and Sloaaoo. I beat BloFeon ami Echaefer beat me. My next match waa against M'Olery, at San Francisco, when I gave him a start of 1000 in 3000, and 1 defeated him easily. Then I met Carter at Chicago, and beat him by 22 points for the championship, Bchaefer and SlOBSon being barred, und afterwards, at Milwaukee, I played him again, when 1 put up tiOO to bis 183, bad my average was 30, the highest record iu Amciica. My next opponent was Scbacfer, whom 1 challenged for Hie championship, and I beat bimby 'JOL polnfB in a gume of *00 up. This led to my being challenged by mosBon enrea atiys afterwards, whrn the final score was 800 to 4KS, At the fiist call he was 136 and 1 was only 10. My average in the 800 game J wob the highcEt on record, namely 26^.' *'And you don't f Gel nervous at meeting our champion) Roberts? Vou have seen him -'No, not a stroke. As to being nervous, tion, but after the first go off I'm better j when playing fora stake than for fan. But i I'm a bit eby of thwe confounded pockets, ] ' admit,' he saia, with a Laugh, ' Of course the reduction of the pockets to 3 4 in, the increased size of the balls to 2jin, diameter, tho dimensions of the table, 12ft by 6ft, and the abolition of the push stroke are concesBious made in your interest? ' 'Why, certainly, Otherwise, you bet, I shouldn't have a ghost of a chance. I guuBQ as it is I eha'n't have much, but 1 mean to 