THE FANCY-WORK "GHOST." "I do the work while others take the credit. I do 'ghost' work," said a young lady to the writer recently. "However, I get well paid for what I do, so it is a matter of entire indifference to me who gains the credit. "No, I am not a literary 'ghost.' Believe me, 'ghost' work is not by any means confined to the literary world. There are plenty of fashionable London people only too eager to avail themselves of the 'silent worker in the background' besides successful writers. It will bear out what I say when I mention I am a fancy- work 'ghost.' " How I first came to learn of this remunerative kind of work was at a shop where I was in the habit of buying my wools and other fancy materials. I became acquainted with the daughter of the proprietor, and from her I learnt that there were ladies who decorated their homes with fancy work, contributed pretty articles to local bazaars, and provided their husbands with slippers and smoking-caps, all of which no one doubted for an instant were the work of their own clever fingers, and that they had spent many a weary hour making them. Alas ! for the deception of human nature. It was 'ghost,' 'ghost's' work, every bit of it. "Through my friend I became a fancy worker. It came about in this wise. One of their best customers wanted some work of rather an intricate pattern 'begun' which they did not care to undertake, and being a clever worker at all kinds of fancy work it was given me. " 'I have so much to occupy my time,' said the lady at our interview, languidly lifting her eyes from the novel she was perusing as she reclined on a lounge, 'that try how I will I cannot find much leisure for fancy work. I am passionately fond of it, and it is quite a punishment not being able to do more. I find it economizes time to have it " begun" for me, and then when I have a few odd moments I take it up. You will let me have it as soon as possible ?' " I was a very innocent young person in those days as to the little ways of the 'ghost' employer, and I took the work home and worked at it till I thought I had done sufficient for a ' beginning' for her. She was delighted when she saw it, and said it would do beautifully, and told me to call on the following morning. " When I went she asked if ' I would do just a trifle more, as she had so much to do that,' &c.; Well, I called every morning till the article was finished. Since then I have done a deal of work for her, in which I can truthfully say she has never set a stitch albeit this has not prevented her passing every bit off as her own work. " It may be asked why these ladies do not buy the articles already made, but that course would not give so genuine an appearance to their labours as having the work about in its various stages of incompleteness when visitors drop in or when ' hubby' returns home. "A deal of this 'ghost' work is done by lady companions. The ladies themselves, maybe, do a few stitches of the work, and then it falls to their companions to ' finish,' as they call it, or, more correctly, to make entirely. " One of my patrons, a lady of title, is very fond of doing a little of the work and then tiring of it. Fortunately for me, her companion knows little or nothing of fancy work, so my assistance is sought. There is a peculiarity in this lady—she will always do the first few stitches, as well as the last. It eases her conscience, I suppose, when she is showing friends ' her' work. "One lady whom I did a good deal of work for would make an attempt at working. However, it was done so badly I invariably had to undo all of it; but then, poor thing! she did try to be more genuine than most of them. When the work was finished she was in the habit of saying I had rendered her much assistance. „" I used to think I had, seeing I had done all of it ."—Exchange. 