Presbyterian Church. Queensland General Assembly First' Sederunt. Tho thlrty-oighth sosslon of tho General Assemby of tbo Presbyterian Churoli of Queens land was constituod lost night in tho Wiokhnm terraco Church, when there was not a largo attendaneo. Moderator's Sermon. Previous to tlio constitution tho Moderator for the past year (Rov. C. J. Legate) dolivored his retiring sermon, basing his remarks on tho words " And this word, yet onco moro Bigni- fiotli tho removing of those things that aro shaken, as of things that arc made, that thoso things which cannot ho shaken may remain." Hebrews, xii. 27. New modebaton. At tho conclusion of his sermon the Moder ator, lmving constituted tlio usscmbly for tho transaction of business, referred to his year of oftlcc,und said if thoro had boon any shortcoming on his part it had not been duo to any want of kindness or sympathy on tho part of members of tlie assembly. Thon referring to tho nomina tions ho had received for Moderator for tho ensuing year ho said that four of tlie fivo pres byteries which had sent in nominations wero in fuvour of the appointment of tho Rov. Robort Ken', of Toowoug. The nomination of tho rov. gentleman was re ceived with applause, and agreed to, ho boing conducted to tho chair by the ox-modoratorand Rov. Dr. Hay. Moderator's Address. The Moderator, on taking the chair, delivered an address on " Our opportunities as a Church iu Qiiconslund." Ho said ; I choose that theme for two reasons. ' First, it is a natural sequel to' tlio inaugural addresses of tho last two yours. In 1891 Dr. Hay spolco ably aud eloquently of tho Presbyterian Churoli and its mission. Last year our respected ox-moderator showed whonco came tlio power to fulfil that mission — tho powor of tho Holy Ghost. Itseems only natural, therefore, now to speak of our position and prospects, our power and possibility of work in tliislund for Christ, and of tho opportunities und means within our reaoli for itsooooroplish- iucnt. I.— What Have we Done? The Presbyterian Cliureli of Queenslund is now nearly 30 yoars old. On November 26, 1863, tlio scattered fragments represented tlio three great divisions of Presbytormnism in Scotlund, and tlio Presbyterian Church in Irelnnd, con summated officially thoir union as tlio Presby terian Church of Queensland. The newly formed church liad but six ministers, and con tained but one Prosbytory. Now wo huvo five Presbyteries, 46 ministers, and 60 congrega tions, with a membership of 6,690. "VVo liavo extended our influences until now wo reach in land to St. Gcorgo and Charlovillo in tho south, Isisford and Barcaldino in the centre, and Win- ton and tho regions boyond in tho north, and wo have churches and ministers in almost every town of importance along tho const from Coolrtown to tho Tweed. In tho Bris bane Presbytery alono wo liavo 21 charges and 20 ministers, not counting thoso who aro uiiattaoliod — a number more than threo times greater than in tho whole colony ut tlio union in 1863. Besides lengthening our cords wo huvo been strengthening our stakes. Our church buildings in Brisbane aro second to nono in tho colony. In other towns and districts churchoH and manses of a solid aud enduring character are to ho soon ; our iu- fluoucc on tho community has strengthened, and our power for good cannot bo measured by numbers, or valued by pounds, shillings, and pence. II. — wnat is still to me done ? But with all that has boon dono much remains undone. Lot mo troublo you with a few figures. Thoy are based upon the statistics of 1891, becauso they are moro complete und more favourable to us tlmn thoso of 1892. Wo lind 32 congrega tions returning mombers ou roll 3,657, averago 114 ; add 17 congregations sendiiig no returns, sayl,93S; thut would give u total of 5,696. members on roll. Wc had 32 schools returning 4,863, averago 155 ; add 13 schools sending no returns, suy 2,035 ; total, 7,498 scholars ou roll ; say in round numbers 7,500 scholars ; to tlieso add for under ugc 2,000 ; that would make a total of 9,500 children. Now wo havo 5,696, or say 6,000 members ; add to these, say, adherents 10,000; that would bo adults 16,000; a grand total of adults nnd children in our churclios nnd Sunday schools of 25,100. Iu tho census of 1891 there wero of Prosbyteriuns in Queensland 46,639. In round numbers thoro aro over 20,000 of our people in tho colony who are not within tho influence of our church organisation. That is ono way of putting it. Hero is another : Although tho Anglicans and Roman Catholics have re spectively 91 mou and 77 men, relatively wo ore better off than tboy are. Tho Anglicans have ono minister to every 1,566 persons, und the Roman Catholics ono minister to every 1,204 ; wo havo u minister to ovory 992. On tho other bond tlio 05,000 odd of other Pro- testants havo 162 ministers. In tho same pro portion wo should havo 104. So you soo with all wo havo done we might havo dono more. At least, wo have not dono all and not so much ns others. And there is much still to he dono. III. — WnAT is Possible for Us? What, thon, is possible for us? Without question tho field is wide, tho needs are many, and tho opportunities aro great. We live in a now country, where tlio first comor has the best chance. Pioneer work is rough work and hard work : hut if it bo dono well, generations un born will bless tho doer. If wo can lay in this country foundations of truth and righteousness suoh as our Presbyterian fathers from Ulstor — Makoinio, Trail, Makio, Davis, Hampton, and Tonnont— helped to lay in tho United States of America, wo shall not havo lived in vain ; and who knows hut that the Prosbyterinn Ohuroh of Australasia may he greater tliun tho great Presbyterian Churoli of the United Statos ? No Ohuroh in Queensland ImB the opportunity of laying broad and dcop foundations in the hearts of the scattered people of this land that wo havo. What Our Work Means. But this qncstion comes up, What is our aim in seeking thus to spread the influence of our ohuroh ubroud ? Is it to build up nil ecclesias tical system or to glorify Presbytorianism ? No. Our plantiug churches is only a means to an end. What wo oro horo for is .'to point men .ond.tobriiigjmon foj Christ.., Qur business us a church is to realise this ideal in this colony. Onr work is to bring tho lifo of Christ into contact with ovory phase of real lifo in this land in which wo dwoll. Anyone can seo that it is not realised. There are many evil influences at work. Many aro outside of all godly influences. Many are openly hostile. Indifference is widespread. Infidolity has much opportunity for diffusion. If wo would havo Christ in ovory heart nnd the Ruler of every life and the Friend of every home, there is muoh to bo done. But there are hindrances — hindrances for look of men. We want moro men. We want them for Oharleville, Thargo- mindah, Cairns, Cooktown, nnd othor towns and villages. Wo want moro unity— I mean unity of work. There is not enough cohesion betwoen our different congregations. There is too muoh of living each a law to themselves. There is more of Congregationalism than of Preshytorianism. Too many of us, I fear, re gard this Assembly as a legislature simply, nnd not as an executive. The support to tho schemes nnd funds of tho ohuroh is of the most meagre and haphazard description. Wo want more faith. " All things are possible to bins that believetli." On ovory hand the talk is of finanolul depression. Banks are failing, in comes are curtailed, labour is abundant, but work is source and wages scarcer. All this is truo. But, fathers and brethren, the worst kind of depression is spiritual depression, and from that I am afraid wo are suffering n great deal. Thore are Ahakims, and Amnio- kites, andJJebusites, and Amorites/and Canaan - ites, and walled oities and strong foes in tho land into which God bids ns go up. But what of that?" "Wo are woll able to overcome them." He that is with us is more than thoy that are with them. The Lord goes before ns and He will fight for us. Oh, for more faith, for mare of God's spirit, and then wo should go forward and do valiantly for the cauBe of our God. . One of our brethren who is not present, writing to me, a. week or two -ago and con gratulating roe on my .nomination to tho . occupancy : of this chair, expressed tho hopo that my year of office might mark a now ora' for us as a church. I pray God that that hope may be "realised, an& f know tills, tbo religion that is not a missionary religion diesr Tho ohuroh that is not a missionary ohuroh meets tho samo fnto. Wo must bo amissionnry ohuroh, or we shall die, and wo desorvo to. And do yon know what presses upon me ? It is this' thought : We aro at a crisis in our history as a ohuroh as well as a colony. A bold pouoy, a vigorous policy ; a policy that is prepared to give up all for Christ that wo may win this laud for Him, that goes forward trusting only in God — will moet with its great reward ; but a liosi- tating, cowardly, easy-going polioy means deoay, utropliy, death. We stapd- to choose bo- tweon two things. Shall wo stand still, content if wo get our own case, whilo others step onward aud tako tlio prize ; or sliajl wo press forward to win this land for Christ for tlio ' wolfaro of man and the glory of onr God f Let us coase orying unto God I Let us arouso 1 Lot us be men ! The rod of God is lifted ovor the sea. Let us go forward, shoulder to shoulder, lieurt to heart; and tho waters that soom to hom us in will become walls of salvation. God is with us ; will give us the victory ovor all our foes, and bring us safe to tho possession of tho promised inheritance. Thanks. On tho motion of Rev. A. O. Smith tho assombly passed a voto of thanks to tho retir ing moderator for his ablo services, and tho effioiont way in whioh ho had carried out tho dutios of tho office, On tho motion of Rovs. Dr. Hay and D. F. Mitchell a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the moderator for bis address. Atfointment of Clerk. On the motion of Revs. J. Oabson and O. J. Legate the Rov. A. Hay, D.D., was appointed; clerk to tho uasombly, in.tho.roora of." fueHov. R. Kerr. Formal Busines. Tho remaining portion of tho sederunt was occupied by formal business. 