Our Sydney Letter ? ♦ [from our correspondent.] Death baa beon busy among the Sydney aldermen. Messrs. Thomas Playfair and J. D. Young have been carried off ia the space of two days. Somewhat similar in career, ia blunt ness of speech and not remarkable for intel lectuality or studiousnesa, they were very dis similar in many other respeots. Only the day before his death, Young attended a meeting at which he, among others, spoke highly of Play fair's probity and charitableness. It 'is remarkable that of the five candidates who opposed the Labor Party for West Sydney at last election, only two remain. Two have been removed by the hand of the destroyer, and one by that of the policeman. The Labor Oouference seems to have accom plished little except in the way of causing dis sension, Otherwise it created nothing, sug gested nothing. It simply took half-a-dozan planks out of the old platform, put them in an order of prominenoa that no Parliamentarian could approve, and laid down rales for the oonduot of Labor members, both before their constituents aud iu the Hous9, that are impos sible of fulfilment. A* the Bulletin puts it, a number of the delegates were animated by a jealous hatred of the Labor members, and » desire to displaoe them and fill their shoes. Under suoh circumstances, the attempt to make the electors practise a unanimity which some of these would-be leaders only preach might prove futile. Governor Duff will have to put a bridle on his tongue. Speaking at Melbourne he styled that' city 'the greatest oity of Greater Britain.' Now he assures a Sydney newspaper man that, feeling buund to compliment his hosts,' he intended to say the 'biggest' and not the 'greatest' oity— whioh backdown won't rein state him in the affeotions of Sydney people, and will go a long way towards losiughim favor in Melbourne. Secretary Galton will require to be more oareful in his selootion of Duff's terms. ? ? ? Dibbs has' been giving Parliament his remi nidoenoes He remembers the time when bundles of paper-money used to come down to the Sydney commercial firms, after most of it had been carried in the waist-belts of sweaty bullock-drivers for months, smelling so vilely that it had to be handled with a pair of tongs, and so obsoured by dirt as to be undecipherable without the aid of magnifying glasses. The House never cares to listen to Dibbs unless he is in a conversationally remiuisoontlal mood. Then he strides up and down the floor and talks in such a My-dear-fellow tone that even his opponents are interested. ? ? ? Sir George talked rather largely about what he would do in the next Parliament the other evening. Mr. Reid thereupon asserted that the Premier's pledges wouldn't be worth a half penny in the. pound then. It appeal's that Dibbs imagines that the Labor Party will be even stronger in that House than in this, that a majority of its components will bb Protectionists and that he will be again successful in ' split ting' the party and securing the support of the biggest seotion. Dibbs, in this particular, is doomed to disappointment. . ? . * ? ? ? The Government is likely to secure a majority in favor of the new Banking Bill. Most mem bers speak bitterly against it in private and more mildly in publio, but nevertheless support it. As one of their number, confessed, ' Over drafts ' furnish ' a strong ' argument in suoh matters. \- '? : ? . ' ? ?/. .'.*. ;?.?.'? ? A slight scone occurred in the Assembly the other evening, when Mr. Kelly, speaking on the unemployed question, denounced one Thos. Dodd — mover at the Conference of the celobrated 'undying hostility amendment on the proposal that the Labour Leagues should receive Messrs.' Sharp, Fitzgerald, Kelly, and Johnson back into the fold — as one who had lived in idleness for two years on unemployed agitation. Thereupon a voice from the strangers' gallery said empha tically ' That's a lie.' Mr. Kelly having called attention to the remark, the intorjector, who turned out to be Dodd, stood up and acknow ledged bis sin in the words, 'It was me, Mr. Speaker.' Whereupou he wa« taken into cus tody by the Set geant-at- Arms, aud detained until tho rising of the House. Dodd, who will not again be admitted to the Chamber, chall enges, through the daily; press, Kelly to repeat the statement where privilege will not protect him. It appears that the man is really a self supporting, hard- working oitizen. Mr. Walker informed Mr. Haynes that he ' would inako his fortune in a oirous,' one night last week. Whereupon. Haynes retorted : ''The honorable member made his reputation as a ghost.' This sort of spirit-rap did not quite meet Tommy's approval, ? ? ? Mr. Hindle recently told the House that a man had oome to him seeking relief, ' with the brow of Shakspeare, the tongue of an orator and the pen of a poet.' Whereupon Mr. Haynes remarked ' That's the very roason he's hard up.' Be that as it may, it is very evident that a large proportion of those now out of work are drawn from the ranks of the brain workers. It is not much use having a Shak ?perean brow if its only use is to aohe. The pauga of bungor and the pains acquirod by ? ' sleeping out have no markets ble value, unless indeed the poet should condeaoend to write up his experiences and describes his aches. The key-note, Professor, please : My wants «re few. I mast confess, But bo much meitflr my distress— ' I can't supply 'em I want a meal, whole clothes, a bed, ' A cloud of amoke-wrcaths round my head— I cannot buy 'em. . ; If all tho hunger punga I feel And aohe* that shoot from head to hco), ?'?'?'. I could but print 'em, My pangs might then some mirceast win, £aou woe inight bring & copper in, - . ? -? And thus I'd mint 'em. This morn, as from my dosa I rose, The very first of all my woes Was how to breakfast. If this were published, as it inight, A bounteous board would heave in sight ' To which I'd make fast. From thence to lunoh a man may ateor Without the aolace found In beer — 'Tis penance, ainner 1 And then, if I would keep alive, Some tale of woo I must contrive To win a dinnor. The mid-day hours thus glide along - Till I must sing my vesper song — Its notes are ' upper' — If I my thin-clad ribs would stool 'Gainst mid-night's terrors -with a meal No song, no sapper, Toothache, lumbago, dysentery Neuralgia— Met is long and merry — ' Down to rheumatics : For every pang I ink a crust, For every woe a drink, on trust, Shakedown in attics. I'vo slept for months ii| tho Domniii Iu frost, in nloct, in mi!' in ntiu. My bootH fur pillow ;' ' .' ? ' ' r ? Aud should this plaint of uiino prove Y'l», I'll hang 'ere thero I sleep again, This harp on willow, Make a hole in billow Like poor ' Tit-willow.' ? ? »' ' ? Tho Ministry were in a poouliar fix on Friduy evening. Mr. Ifose moved that the ad yalorein duties uhould be uboliuhed and protective duties imposed on nil articles that can be manufactured iu New South Wales. On this Mr. Maofnrlaue moved aa a amondment that fis be imposed per 100 feet of imported timber. The Ministry, having declared that they did not intend to im pose aiiy frt)nh taxation endeavoring to couut tho Boutso out, but tho Labor members inter vened. Then Mr. Macfarlans'a amendment was defeated by ?- substantial majority, none of the Ministers vitfng except Barton, who voted against it- ilr. Traill then moved, 'the pre vious question ;' according to Mr. Speaker, ' aa iii^oniua-i method of avoiding a vote on a spec'Q 1 tn-- k- 1,' but was defeated on the voices. Afc 1 wiiob. Mr. Bone's motion was badly beii'-'i. Aler.srs. Barton, Slattery, Traill, and Soh-M- rrtfrai-.inif from voting while Messrs. Dib ??-, .S'i't ir a id Kidd voted with the Oppo sition. S.-in - ardent Protectionists thereupon sty led ibo ATiaistry ' a traitorous crowd and false to their pledaea.' It will be interesting to Dote how the Stor wriggleB in an attempt to excuse the Ministry for this palpable shuffle.' It appears, 'however, that Barton, Lyne, aud Slattery paired in favor of the motion. 