MELBOURNE. -i . \ , * : Maylt2."™ < [Feom ouhooheespondent.I When our fbeads-are bowed with'woe, 1 ' as the old hymnrhaa itijlit is liying'work 'TOritting:. gossip letters. When, everybody is in Ihe doIdrumB and" expecting^each* "-pbst 'to bring them glidings suM .another. cheque <or bill 'dishonoured,-it; ieidifficult totassume.asheerfulness which you have not, J am trather dis. posed to agree -with the-remark of a man i met with'We r bthsr 'day", wlio: eavagely -said,- " Why don't: the:bleBaed banks' fix- their-own day of humiliatioh-ahd go;:'on -'the biist -toaether." And really that- eeemB to be the general feeling'; :amongthe.: .-peoEle. : : A jcomplete jail-round insolvency, .would at :leastjeV:,better.,- than, .'the .auspense. which makes people, terrified at the sight o£a cheque, and iibpelled when theyget it to rush.off: to' tlie bank ,to : «ash it or pay it in. A' man haE to be pretty-tough to keep "heart of hope'aba' meet the world with a smile..no,w.-a-days. Returning to the subject of poesip, the on'y ^osBip just now i- about litber'/pedplo's miBfortuneB, and whether theyfaro likely to pull -through.. The stories told* over Abe dinner .table ar'e'mainly those of distressing."cases. I "have h^ps^of ^hemin. memory,;,but can only aSord/to'«ample~the:bulk, ;Two maiden ladies, on the advica of their brother,...entrusted their wiiolefortune to .oiie ;bank, and' lived quietly upon tbe . interest.' Tbey Went to draw their interest oh 'theiflay therbanki.had closed, and their despair was pitiable to see. . They are left absolutely' (destitute in their" declining years lu tho mercy'of-.'an uncaring world, and their brother is insolvent. One of tbe best kiiown of oUr Collins- street bonifaces bad-juBt sold out of-his aplen'did hotel, and designed-to purchase another..V--The ! ^produce of .the one and consequently^ the hiBUm" required to 'purchase the'other;\was all lying, as well sb his private meaoB,.;in-the Colonial, -Fancy the : feelinga of that , gentleman/ when, on' the threshold of a new, life; ;^the bauk' clpBed. In another case a cobeiderable ^employer of labour paid into his bank sufficient to meet wages and expenses,,the sum rubbing to nearly a ; quarter of a thousand. Next morning the bank; was;.closed, the cheques be had given to his^wbifcmen valueless, and he had to run i,round to borrow-from, friends the money to pay them.: Of course, there are some men who icannbt do this,, who cannot find money twice ..over-for. the same purpose, and in this .case the'suffering ibflicted upou employ^, haB been terrible, while an immense number of people have bsen discharged through no fault of their owriP but simply because, tlirbugh being pulled upbytheactiou of his bank, his employer WaB unable , to pay them. - When the -results ; of the past fortnight came to be analysed critically aB they ought to be, I believe it will .be found that it has. made an.enormonB additibn"'tb the rankB of the' metropolitan unemployed, .especially among the classes unable to do rough work. The-'result : of all this is that the community is sinking daily into lower stapes-of deje'etedoess. . You attempt to walk down a street, and you are met by people evidently not of the cadging or professional beggar class, who have the most terrible atories of destitution and Buffering to pour into yonr £ar, but who respeot ttie general poverty of the community by asking you for the smallest possible contribution, rarely m< re than threepence. To one like myself, accustomed to the streets at all hours too, it is pitiable to see the procession pf men walking tbe streets at night because they have no place to " doss " in; Tramp, tramp, tramp, they go along the broad thoroughfares, their heads sunk upon their breasts, their arms swinging listlessly by their Bides, their hunger belts girded to the . last bole, some quite young men looking fit for anything, others older, with infrequent caeei long white beards, others pallid- flesbleas clerks, and workers accustomed to indoor life, who stagger from want of strength as tbey struggle along. And BO through the streets the procession, goes along through.all hours'of. the night through the blackness of the hnurs.: "Ayant tho twa) " sees tbe d.iwu.in the pfry,: and then crowds round the advertiBiiig shests. posted7at: theTiewBp'aper:-of&cefs.; -ee'eks Work, 1 and finding it not drifts. o& to the public reserves to lie down to sleep for'a'.few hours and try to forget. Ab lit is a pitiable sight indeed, my masters, a pitiable sight to see BO many men wandering the streets by day and night workleBS. Whence will come the .-remedy ? Shall we pull through and open the door of prosperity again 1' Alas 1 who can say ? On the beBt estimate, at least half the banks that have suspended '.must-'.nltimately go into liquidation. It is impossible they can all ' reconstruct ou the basis of appropriating tbe deposits and current account balances entrusted to them in gOod faith, and making their shareholders pay further calls. A few lucky ones "may get through on;this basis, but all icannot do so. A.nd even those that do, .though' they may appear stronger' from' the capital point.of, view, will be .for a longtime lame ducks, because . tho public' can- not have confidence in them. When a man bas: a few hundreds to credit at current account,• and is calmly told thatthe banks are going to convert it into its psrmanent capital, while it dishonours the cheques he gave against what was his money, and not that..of the bank, .he.iB not likely to bs in much of a.hurry to repose confidence iu that institution again. I firmly believe that if a new bank altogether waB started at the present time it would have a better chance of floating than-'our-'suspended ones have of re-construction. '"Personally, if 1 were a monied man and could: afford "to stand the firstloss, I would not take . uo a share in any bank that had suspended. It is mainly the men who can't afford the first loss who do so—not with the idea of helping the bank, but with the hope of creeping-out themselves by unloading., their stock.on some one. else. . And it is simply useless for the banks to blame the depositors for bringing them down. .The truth of the whole matter lies in this. Th6 shareholders found that the baoka were locking up their assets to such an extent that they could not be considered sound, and BO commenced to knock down'the'Bbares." The depositors seeing the shareholders questioning by their bids in the open market the value of their own property, took alarm, and began to recall; their capital, and, as isoon as a slight pressure was upon thera, and it has after all been' very slight, the baDks were beaten and succumbed in. detail because their coin reserves were utterly inadequate for safe financing. Fancy a bank like the Victoria having to close its doors because':there, was a drain on it of .one hundred thousand a" day. for three days. Why it is enough to make the ghost; of Money Miller ascend into the banking.chamber and bang tbe counter. He'at leaBt would not have done business that way. Of course, the present time is one of panic, but to my thinking, it is one of most justifiable panic, and- has arisen, not from the scare of depositors, but because tbe position of the banks had become unsafe. And the proof that my view was correct is that they are even now procuring three quarters' of' a million of gold from England, To strengthen coin . reserves, of coarse. The balance, sheets look all. right: the assets compare favourably ;with the liabilities tberB has been ample profit earned, and fair reserves maintained. But what is tbe use of assets being valuable if you cannot realise on them. In that sentence I believe lies the: secret of the , cause of the run. The cruel part oftbe majority of these suspensions lies in the way deposits have been locked upto the last moment before suspension. I know personally of one instance when £189 was paid in exactly on the stroke of three, on the day previous to the temporary closing, and thereare many other cases on record where twenties, thirties, forties, and fifties were handed over the counter on the last day of opening, each sum: representing the working capital of .aorne email business. . Fortunately, current accounts np to, £100 will be paid immediately, on reconstruction. But would it not have- been'fairer, that once a bank knew it was in difficulties, it had taken the moneys paid in afterwards, and placed them to a trust account. Nothing need have been said in the matter, but much absolute..suffering „,.would ha\e been spared : 'Another bard and. fast rule, provocative of much inconvenience, ,to say the least ofiit will be occasioned by thiB very provi ion to pay; current accounts not over £10D. For this .reason, "that the depositor with exactly £100 .will be free to <iraw, while -he who ib lucky—or rather.iinithis instance xmlucky.enonghioiave £101 Witt, be -compelled to become in some banks a shareholder, in others a depositor " for years. 'It Seems to moBt . people: that this sib* straightening the situation, indeed so much is the inconvenience likely.to be felt;, that when futuref econetruction schemes come before the: ChieWusttce;:His Honor will be asked to fix a limit somewhat in accordance with the requirements of the smaller classes of the de-: •positors. * Meanwhile pitiable cases are to t>e witnessed :within*beichamberB of aomeaf She jsuRpended! auBtitutionfiSSElderlymeniandiwomenjpresent 1 their- ipasafoooksj-sand ask«for advances!!,tofttiBet prasBing needs but without avail. In ;more tbau:-oaecasetbatliascome'underfimy::notice, the remnant saved from the wreck of the boom mBtitutlbnsliasb'eenplacadatdepositfotfixed periods, and now all this IB swept away. ; It is idleto attempt to disguise the fact—the position is a critical one, and rendered more anxious by the fact that' folks are fearing, that none of the banks may prove able to bear , the t rain 