GLADSTONE'S GHOSTS. TalKINO in the House nf Cwio - .e last night, (says Mr. Henry Lucy in bis letter to the A. Af. Herald) Mr. Gladatoue let fail one nf those casual remnrks which uadesisnedly remind bis audience of th» prodigious epau --f hiB public career. Dis cuesing aflfairs in MaBhonalaud, and the proepects of pacification. heoh-ierved tbat just 60 years ago he ?vas engaged in a controversy witb regard to tiie relations between -tbe old Cape Colony and the K*ffire on the border. Not lees remark able than the fact ofeucb longevity is tbe accuracy and precision of Mr. Gladstone'a memory. He told me eome time ago that whilst his memory of recent events was losing something of iln keenness, things tbat happened nearly 80 year* ago are as fresh In his mind as if tbey bad occurred yesterday. I think I have before men tioned tbat he can at tbiBday recall tbe pattern of bis nurse's drePB as be looked at it walking along the etreetu of Liver pool and holding ber baud wben be was acblld of between two and tbree yeara. One result of tbis phenomenally long public career, wltb its wide field of per gonal acquaintance, ie that scarcely a week passes but some old friend and com panion goes witb it. It is witb Mr. Gladstone as wltb Charles King' ley, though In vastly Increased proportion : - I watch Ibem drift, tbe old familiar facer, Till Khoste, not men. fill old belovtd places. Mr. Gladstone's daily life Is full of ghoBts. dating back to and beyond tbe time of Canning, bis earliest and RttlMovnd master of statecraft. There Is one ghost be constantly meets, brought before blm by vanished bands This is tbe ghost of OlB lurmei W' Bl ruwraii|j( the time be was a youtb at Oxford, through all the etormy period in which he baa been assisting to make history. Nearly every year there Is published Borne biography or autobiography of a promin ent Englishman wbo has taken his part in tbe world nf letters, eclence, art, nr politics. So many-Bided is Mr. Gl»d etone'e character Ibat ho great English man and few notable foreigners wbo have lived and dl»d witbin tbe last 60 years but bave come in contact wilh biro, and io tbe privacy of tbeir diary or in tbe confidence of tbeir private corre spondence bave bad enmetblng to say about him. Tbe latest example ia found In tbe letters published tbe other day of Russell Lowell. Just before that came tbe ' Ijlfe nf Pusey,' wltb whose college days Mr. Gladstone was intimately con nected. This la Intere tlng reading for tbo outsider, What strange leelipgs tbree pBiuageB must evoke In tbe mind of tbe subject of ibe comment, turning over a page and coining upon some frank discussion of himself, wrltteu 80, 40, or 50 years ago I Hupplly for moat men, tbey bBVe not tbe opportunity of reading what tbeir contemporaries thought and wrote about tbem in conversation or corre spondence with mutual arquaintances. Mr. GUdstODe goes through tbis ordeal wltb unfailing regularity, and sometimes finds himself wounded lu tbe houBo of a friend. ' I AU afraid of waking baby, for poor Robert baa walked the floor wltb blm every nlgbt for Ibe last three weekB.' ' How dreadful 1 And has the baby learned to talk yet ?' 'No, but be baa learned toawear.' Sabbat's Eucalyptus and Podopbyl lln PIIIb. the best, and safest Medicine in Queensland For M Insulating the stomBcb aim liver they bave no equal. Prepared only by A. D. Habbaf, Chemist, Mary trough] 