STRAY NOTES. BY TOURIST. J.-THE MAN WITH LAND. ONE man has said that when he worked for Wages he could save, but when he bought a piece of land he was forced to spend. Taxes had to be paid, houses had to be built, fences so erected, and implements bought, he considered that he had been better off without the land. Yet, if there is any mania that has taken possession of the human mind the ownership of land is one that seems to be general. Quartz on the brain affects some,the yellow fever others,, paper propensities others, but land is almost universal. If it were possible to cut up the colony into squares of land ac cording to the population, and to place each one on his own square, there would be a great game of Paddy's land. With all the boasted independence of a rural population, there seems to be a power that holds sway over the land' owners. The influence of banks and other financial institutions, is felt in the land and over the land, drawing high rates of interest,' causing-.forced sales,, and . shifting the original owners about from place to place as arlii.rarily as a player moves his pieces on a chess board. Fruit growers are terribly handicapped by fruit flies, flying foxes, and blights; of various kinds. The seasons are- also uncertain, and the markets are not distri buted over the country so that when they are-overstocked it hardly pays to pick the fruit. When the leasehold lands were divided" and half thrown open to selectio, . many a squatter was defrauded by the men in whom lie had placed confidence by patting them on selections and keeping them working for him, expecting- when the residence clause conditions were fulfilled the transfer to him would be made.. Many a dishonest local land agent would receive the tip from 'intending selectors to tell them what land was open to selection an»d then would ride away to the squatter and receive something from him for the warning of a likelihood of a selector cutting in. Many a persevering and energetic selector has held on and raised himself to competence, but often at a cost of prema ture old age through incessant toil; and many a wife has had to handle a plough and do field work, in addition to rearing a family and keeping the housework going. They deserve the home for which they have toiled, and may their children who will reap the benefit make their declining years full of ease and comfort. Now if there is one man keeping the country back, it is the land speculator or broker, the man who unfortunately can hold till he likes to sell.. How many towns in their infancy have been crippled for life by the land grabber ? Look at the money sunk in constructing the bridge across Middle' Harbour. It has simply ruined the company who thought to give North Sydney a twist in their direction by con structing an electric tramway to the vacant land now owned by them-that has been locked for years for speculative purposes. From what has been written, the man with land is certainly not to be envied, though the name of the landlord often calls up many a ghost of the past to scare the present generation. ' 