SII MS IN LUCK. A tall, dignified-looking gentleman stoo d facing an unoccupied house in a West Sid® street • the other day, closely scanning a large white sign which hung in the front door. The house was a handsome modern structure, two storeys high, and had evidently been built by some wealthy man for residence purposes, but was now advertised as being " For rent." The tall man had just finished taking observations and jotting down the owner's address in a small note book, and waB turning to leave, when a neighbor cftme along, and pleasantly remarked— " It's a pity that a fine house like this should stand idle for such a long time/' " Why, how long has it been idle?" " Well, the last tenant moved out two years ago, and the owner can't find another who is brave enough to live in there." " What's the matter with it? Danger of collapsing ?" "Oh, no. The house is built solid enough. The great trouble is that it is haunted." " You don't say so 1" And the tall man seemed more interested. "It's a fact. Every Wednesday and Friday, just at midnight, the people in the neighborhood are started by a series of wild, blood-curdling yells; and im. mediately after that two white figures appear at the upper windows. I've seen them myselfand the good man Bhuddered as he thought of it. " Have you any idea what rental the owner demands for the whole house V " Yes. I heard him say he'd let anybody have it for five dollars per month." " Five dollars a month ! Great Cfflsar! but that's a bargain. Guess I'll take it before some other fellow gets ahead of me." " But wouldn't you be afraid of living in a house infested with spooks}" "Oh, I'm quite used to them. ato a spiritualist, and a* I hold my seanoeB every Wednesday and Friday night, those spooks will come in very handy. You'll excuse me, sir, while I go and see the owner, And sign a lease for ninety-nine years." And as he walked off he mattered to himself— . " Five dollars a month and two fullfledged: ghosts to boot! This is, indeed, a,bargain."_ 