TSE APOSTLES' PPAYEE MEETING. [By -Rev. Lyman* Abbott, D.D.I We have in the Book of Aots several reports of missionary sermons; but I believe that this isj the only report of an apostolic prayer meeting. It gives an insight into the secret sources of the apostolic power, as the story of the Transfiguration gives us a glimpse of the seasons which Christ spent in prayer on the mountain tops alone at night. Here the door swings open and we see the Apostles in those secret meetings which the pagans so mis represented. How simple it all is ! how real, unaffected, genuine ! Traditionalism has not yet had time to get into the prayer-meeting, crystallise faith into creed, worship into ritual, and poison all with cant. What is cant? Saying true things without the truth in them. Repeating phrases which were once alive, with no life in them. Ex pressing experiences when there are 110 ex periences to express. Praising without grati tude, confessing without repentance, praying without heart, confessing without faith. Caut is like the shell of last year's insect. It was alive once, but now the life has flown away and only the empty shell is left. In this Apostolic prayer-meeting there is no cant. There may be caut even in _ silence. I ttiink I have felt it sometimes in a friends' meeting. In this prayer-meeting thoy began with a conference. Ttie men who spoke ha J something to sav; the people who listened wanted to hear. "This was a working church ; and they came together to tell what they had been doing and what obstacles they had encountered. No one spoke in order to " ocoupy the time." A working ohuich ought to fiud ho difficulty in maintaining a living prayer-meeting. Never talk in a prayer-meet ing for the sake of saying something. Do not talk unless you have something to say. They had congregational singing, or con gregational reading, or congregational pray ing in this prayer-meeting. "They lifted up their voices to God with one accord," and for this purpose they used a psalm out of the Hebrew Psalter. There ought always to be something of that in every prayer-meeting. Did they sing? or recite? or compromise'be tween singing or reciting by intoning? No one can tell. But, whatever they did, they did it together. Take the Episcopal general confession or general thanksgiving into your prayer-meeting and recite it together. Or read a psalm together or responsively. Above all, sing ; sing a good deal; sing what all can eing; do something " with one accord. There was some Calvinistic theology in this prayer-meeting; and it was very Calvinistic. " Against Thy holy servant Jesus, whom Thou didst anoint, both Herod and Pontius Pilate, with the Gentiles and the people of Israel, were gathered together, to do whatsoever Thy band and Thy counsel foreordained to come to pass,"' It would be hard to find in John Calvin or JonathanEdwards any thingmore Cal vinistic than the statement that Herod and Pontius Pilate did what God had foreordained. Whether Calvinism is good or bad theology depends upon the spirit in which it is held. If Herod and Pontius Pilate, had come to gether after the crucifixion and congratulated themselves on their conduct, saying, "We have done what God foreordained to come to pass," their Calvinism would have been a very bad theology. But when the Apostles came together, saying, " Our Master is not defeated ; we.are not defeated; God is not defeated; even Herod and Pontius Pilate have but accomplished God's designs"—this was a very good theology. * Tlje most Calvinistic expression I recall in poetry is to be found in a poem of the Unitarian Long fellow, who ends the "Golden Legend" with this apostrophe to Lucifer:— Since God suffers him to be, He. too, is God's minister, Ami labors for some good, By us not understood. When a man uses the doctrine of divine sovereignty to strengthen himeelf in doing and enduring God's will, his Calvinism is orthodox. When he uses it to excuse himself or others for disregarding righteousness and disobeying God, his Calvinism is heterodox. Truth is an instrument. How yon hold a doctrine is quite as important as what doctrine you hold. Tbi3 meeting was a conference meeting, but it was also a prayer-meeting. Though the Apostles had something very like a ritual, they also had an extemporaneous prayer. If they had a prayer-book this prayer was not in it, for it is evident that this prayer was framed to meet this particular meeting; they had never used it before, and they never could use exactly this prayer again. What they prayed for was power, not peace. And what they prayed for they received. "Tbey were all filled with the Holy Ghost." This ought to be the end of every prayer-meeting. Whether it is a weekly meeting, or only a Lenten meeting; whether it is liturgical or free, or both, the object of it Bhould be to strengthen the spiritual life of the Church by filling: it with the life of God. —The Christian I Union. 