Flotsam and Jetsam. The Dead Hand. By E.A.D. No doubt in its time Brisbane has had many visitors distinguished and otherwise, and queer things have happened during its short but eventful history, still I think the unaccountable occurrence which I am about to relate, if not the strangest thing of all, is yet strange enough to rank amongst the queerest of the queer, and will puzzle others as muoh as it has myself. Therefore, like Mark Twain's man, I will re lieve my brain of a burden, too heavy to be borne, by shifting it on to somebody else. This proceeding of course may be called selfish, which I admit, but at the same time it is only human. Man was made to suffer, but he does not like suffering alone, and if he has no wife to help him then he makes his fellow country men share his sorrows if he oan. Now for the Btory. My cousin, his wife, child, and mother-in law, one servant, and myself occupy a house in town. Last night he and I left home to spend the evening with some friends, leaving the women folk in the house by themselves. (I notice that women always talk of being "by themsolves" if there is not a man there.) We returned about 11 o'olock, and were sur prised to find all hands, including the cook, iv the sitting-room, pale, sad, and silent. Seeing at onoe that something had occurred during our absence my cousin inquired what was the matter. His mother-in-law said: "Oh, nothing; it's only Mary who has frightened us all with her foolish nonsense." •' It is not nonsense." cried Mrs. M. "I am not imaginative, and I could not have fancied it. I felt it, and I am as sure that some one touched me and patted and petted me, as Annie used to before she went away, as I am that you are standing there now." We laughed at her aud tried to reason with her, but it was no use. Bhe said: " I was not frightened nor nervous. It was not as if one were by oneself in some lonely house at night; there was little May sitting there by my side, mother in the next room, and cook downstairs, and then there were the streets still full of light and lifo; so I had nothing to be frightened about. I was reading tbe Queenslander, and showing some of the pictures in it to May, when I felt a hand laid lightly on my shoulder, on my left shoulder first, then on my right, and an arm stole around my neck and pressed me; the fingers pinched me gently—just, you know, as Annie used to do. I said nothing to May, but stood up and walked about the room, but wherever I went this impalpable something followed me and petted ana played with me; I could not get rid of it. I opened the window and looked out into the street and tried to divert my thoughts by watch ing the people passing, but there it was by my aide with an arm around me, with a presenoe that though unseen nevertheless made itself felt as perfectly as though a person had been there leaning out of the window with me. To show you that I was not frightened I went back and sat beside May and read a little story for her, and all the time I oould feel as plainly as at first this hand touohing and toying with me. I bore it until I had finished the tale, and then taking the child into mother's room I went down to tbe kitchen. My invisible visitor followed me and still stood by my side while I spoke to the cook, till at last, unable to bear the feeling of horror that was talking possession of me, I told her, and she immediately said it was the * dead hand.' Some very near relation had died and oome to tell me by the touch of the dead band. *Oh,' I said,' nonsense, Nora, you're Irish, and as full of fairy lore as a priest is of prayers.' So I went back to mother's room and sat down on her bed, but beside me eat this spirit, this ghastly, touching, invisible something. I threw myself down by mother and told her all. She got up and dressed her self. We called Nora, and were all just going to pat our hats on and walk up and down the street till we saw you coming." Her husband and I laughed at her and made light of the whole thing, her mother said men were brutes, and Nora maintained we had not yet heard the last of the " dead hand." I went to sleep and thought no more about it till now, when, pale as a ghost, George, my cousin, oame into my office with a telegram in his hand and said, "What do you think of this? Here's a wire all the way from the old country saying that Annie, Mary's twin sister, is dead—died last night." 