Mldflowee, ? — '--» ? BOOK VI. CHAPTER IV.— (Cootinijed). Miss Jane oaught & severe cold, too, and had inflammation of the lungs, and took fo her bed £ot one long month, refusing all nurses but patient Aries, becoming peevish, even to Rosamond and the doctor, and only consoled by th« presence of our heroine, who was constantly reading at her desire all the miserable poems and love stories to be found in the circulating libraries at Branseoinbe^ to Wiiqh town a grumbling grodtn or sulky page was sent on her especial missions thrice a ?week. ??~-rv* ???-?' She got better in the ^eginnirtg of the summer time, but cainlB dbwn stairs an old woman with a yelidw'wrinklad face, and suffering from a cSugh that at times threatened to shake her t& pieces as she shivered and crouched before the fire. All the summer she could not do without her firs, and though she gav« up her walks \rith her ' dear girl ' from sheer necessity, ehe was querulous and fidgety whenever Aries waB absent. Time that had been lenient so long with her broad full face, pounced on it all at once and scored his number of years, not forgetting compound interest* on her ' conntenanoe divine.' It was all ' Walter's ' fault she considered — lie had made her ill, and had given her that co-Id and inflammation, and that horrid grinding cough, which she was eternally petting with tb tea-spoon and everlasting syrups — it was nobody's fault but Walter's, and he would be answerable for her death — the traitor 1 During this illness of her aunt, and her slow struggle to convalescence, Bosa mond had almost come back to her old looks, and save the habitual air of Bad ness which she had worn from the hour her father stepped between her love and Arnold's,; there were no signs of the great disappointment of her life in her outward character. Mr. Stanmore imposed no restraint on Rosamond's actions, and made no inquiry concerning them. He had implicit trust in her obedience to Mb will and felt assured his daughter would never betray the con fidence placed in . her. ' He would as Boon have thought of setting watch upon his Bister or Avice as of placing Rosamond under surveillance, or questioning her as to her solitary rambles, when Avioe was Miss Stanmore'e nuree, and Ms daughter had to fulfil many of Avice's com missions. Bid she ever meet Arnold Hern in the forest path, although there were no more visits required to Millthorn's oottage in the Black Hollow?— did she ever abuse her father's confidence by fostering Arnold's love, and was that the secret of her better health, and the brighter xoses on her cheek? Rosamond had become more intimate with Miss Mistleford of late, and Avice I vas a little jealous in that quarter, and I did not like in her heart their long walks I together, their conferences, in which she I did not Bh are, the evenings which Rosa [ mond spent at Mies Mietleford's father's ' iwuse, and where her. guardian, never her »lff-went-to-fei5Ch 'nef^homie. ' ' RoBamond went to,,jthe Shrubbery more often after Edward was away, and kept Mrs. Clifton company. Avice mused upon this occurrence, and thought she could bear to hear of Clifton and Rosamond being: engaged then with very little pain— her sister was more suitable for him than herself ; and he, how he did love her on that July 7, 18 — I and what a good match it would be for hearts and hands, and she —ah ! how strange that would be too ! — would be Rosamond's bridesmaid after all, and stand by her side assuring her, wish ing her every happiness when they were married at last, Avice thonght of all this in the moments sacred to herself, and free from the sighing lady down stairs by the fire, thought- with the hands — that old trick — -covering her face, and if there were tears stealing through the taper fingers bow and then, still the wound was deep yet, and one not -easily healed. When the Bummer was growing strong, and Avice had been to see Martha Badge (who was as brisk' and chirping as ever, and to whom Avice related her love story on the first evening of their meeting, as ehe would have done to a mother), and re turned home again, there was a still greater change visible in the manner of Rosamond Btanm'ore, an instinctive habit of evading Avice and shunning conversation with her, which did not tend to brighten the spirits of our heroine. Affectionate, Rosa mond, was ever — it was her nature — but she had grown reserved, and no effort on Avice's part could break down the barrier that had risen up between them. Avice did not sbow any airs, or tois her head when Miss Mistleford came to tea once or twice a week, but received her with her honest, heart-speaking smile, and did her best to give Rosamond's friend a genial welcome, if it was only fox Rosamond's eake. When Advice felt very weary, she would steal to her new friend's . side and find relief in the eccentric affection Mobb Stanmore condescended to exhibit. These lengthy observations, necessary to the fur their development of this story ? having been read or .skipped as the case may be, we push our bark off from the ?hore and get .under weigh again. There must have been a certain amount of poetry Ifi _' AyUxts nature, though, she never gave voice to it, she was so fond of moonlight j unless it 1b an idiosyncrasy of love complaints to take refuge in moon BMne— a f ap.fc which, considering ail cir cumstances, jnay he very possible. Sanderstpne by moonlight, with its winding roads, and its overhanging hills flinging, their bold shadows, was worth the gazing at from the window of A vice's room which looked upon the garden, and here, hidden by the long sweeping ourtains, Would Avice -it and enjoy the ecane, no feeble lamp -ot candle glimmering its con trast in the dark background of her chamber. -;:;';;..v^';; '? y ? \ .;v : ; ;.',. On the particular evening we have alluded to Avioe lad sat longer than sBnal- atthewindow, bnt it was -me of those warm «uijuner;au^hfe scented -with the perfume of fioweri and eww»t grass *aii wild; ibriar*? g**0i}£ % $« k«dge»* a per fum© wliM^li^fct W with *h« epice-laden tdr of .the tropics and come on: n6ne the worse for the comparison. The hall clock had strufek 3, and Sander fctone church clock had, with a characteria- . tic disregard to punctuality, Bounded the hour on its cracked old bijlLfiye' minutes or Bo after the proper time, and Avioe sat still at the window musing. Night was almost her only opportunity for reverie since Miss Jane Stanmore had demonstrated esUch passionate affection* therefore we trust the gentle reader will excuse the late hours of our Wildflower. , Avice, had not the slightest intention of sitting up until' 2 o'clock— she had drawn a chair to the Winxlow for five minutes, no longer — but she had. forgotten all about the time, the moonlight, and the landscape of black and ailv«r,and was thinking a good deal, and crying a little, and thus had passed the night, and the first two hours of the morning till the hall clock finally had soused her to a consciousness of her noc turnal dissipation. ''?-?' When Sanderstone dock followed the more punctual timepiece of Oiverton House, Avice pushed the chair back, and rose with something very like a sigh. The sigh was changed to something very like a start, when she was on the opposite side of the room near the door. Avice was not a nervous girl, but her heart beat at a rapid rate, and she had some difficulty in breath ing freely, for it is not a pleasant thing to hear strange noiBes outside your bed room door at 2 in the morning. It was a peculiar rustling noise, such as a ghost in a heavy silk dress might have made, as it promenaded, on the landimg j and Avice deliberated on the expediency of opening her chamber door, and seeking for a rational solution of the mystery. ' It must have been my imagination,' whispered Avice to herself ; *' there is nothing to hurt me outside. Heigho I I must not sit up late, and get full of fancies.' She fearlessly opened the door and peered forth into the dark landing place. Nothing was there — all was silent, save the tick-tick of the clock which oame sounding up the well staircase - in a dismally monotonous manner. A vice was returning to her room satisfied with the result of her scrutiny, when the alarming thought struck her that there was a current of cool air drifting up the stairs and blowing on her as she listened. There must be a window unclosed in the house, or else — God forbid that 1 some one had ju*t entered and departed by the street door, leaving it open, and if so, it was the stranger passing her room who had first given rise to her suspicions. Avice went back for a thick shawl, which she flung over her head and shoulders, and then crept Blowly down the dark stairs, guiding her way by the handrail. Better to descend cantiously to the hall without a light and satisfy herself she thought, than to needlessly frighten the household by her own imaginary1 fears. She knew there was an alarm bell within reach if anything serious should be threa tened, therefore, mustering up her womanly courage, and fehe was not lacking in that quality for so small a personage — she stole down stairs to confront the shadowy enemy. There was moonlight in the hall, from two slips of windows wita bars before them, and from the glass fanlight over the great door. Somewhat reassured, Avioe advanced towards the door, and stretched out her hand — the bolts were withdrawn — the lock unsecured, and the door ajar I Avice had to recover breath before she could proceed to a further investigation, and to sit on the last stair ehe had de scended, and seek to curb the palpitation at her bosom. Someone iiad gone out or come in ! . - She grew calmer, more than that she prayed softly to herself,' not for her own safety, but prompted by a dread surmise, for Rosamond her sister. She rose at last, and dragging her tremb ling steps up the stairs/. pasBed her own room, and Miss Jane Stanmore's, from which a complicated snore was issuing, and stopped at Rosamond's door. It was unlocked j she entered — the room wae empty. Avice looked round wildly, and then, not even in the first night when love dawned, or that night not long since when love faded out for ever did she Bob so violently or feel the bitterness of such appalling sorrow. ' Oh, Bosamond, Rosmond, you of all otneri — where was tue teaching of a life time, your own name, jour father's honor, to restrain you on a night like this,' cried Avice, ' better to have died at Florence, than to hav« come home to break your father's heart.' But there was food for more reflection. Bosamond intended to return— there were no signs of her jewels having been abstracted, there was a bracelet shining in the moonlight on the toilet table, and a letter half finished on her open desk. She would come back to- that borne from which, she had stolen out like a thief in the night, and Avice felt it her duty to com fort her, to learn the secret motives which had impelled her sister-— sd gentle, inno cent, and good- as she had ever been— .to forfeit common respect - to herself, and suggest by her own conduct such, cruel suspicions. ... *? Tnere must be something more be hind,' oried Avice, as she stole downstairs to the hall again, ' a mystery which RoBa mond can alone unfainbm. The moral in struction of 19 years is not forgotten in a single night. ^And yet*--o)i1 God forgive me — ansLyet!'^ ? There was no warmth in the summer air now, it seemed l*den with the icy fangs of the cruellest winter of despair, as Avice with the shawl draitfn tightly round her, and the -tiii^it heavy ^iall-mat covering her feet, sat crouching on the Stairs, awtuit ing the wandei»r-e return; *: , ?' ~':'^v^. (jpo BBCONptresp*), .... 