BRITISH ART GALLERY. FIFTH NOTICE. If one only had the time to note the observations of the visitor^ to the Art Gallery and gauge their outspoken criticisms a column of most interesting matter might be made up— the opinions are so untrammelled and in so many instances shrewd and jiraetical. If they were published they would be acknowledged as plain, acceptable statements by the majority of tbe reading public, as they would go straight to the mind in tbeir unaffected simplicity, with no mysJery of Latin and Greek qu jtations to puzzle the intelligent illiterate, and no pedantic phrases to obscure tho mental view. There is a deal of information and enjoyment to be found in » free-and-easy rouud of tlia Gallery any afternoon before the ligut is failing after one has had a comprehensive innpuonioa ; even the piotures of no merit—and there are some such—are worth consideration, if that is not a paradox. There is » grim sort of pleasure in growling at a picture one does not like ; for instance, " The Abyss," painted by an artist who must be doubly wise, seeing that his namo is Salomon. J, Solomon does not creato fervid feeling, albeit there is a history hanging ou to it. A painting of the "Destiny" type, it attracts aud repels. The uninformed want to know why that muicularlooking individual, with a. severbly classical face and a left arm suggestive of conitaut praotine with the Indian clubs or an American axe, is leaning with tho sharp point of his ulbow jammed into tho«ide of the halfclad purnon lying down, surrounded with flowers, on the brink of a precipice. The prominence, not to say boniness of the hip, is in marked contrast with the fleshiness of the form so far as it is exposed. But there, the painting is strong in flesh work and ideality, even as " Destiny" is. One might f;et into an abyss of doubt over that creation of an artist's morbid fancy. Anybody can comprehend the meaning of Edward H. Kaliey'a "Deserted." It spunks for itself ,* a telling picture, in whioh one of the strongest points is that broad streak of limpid water, jiwt where it crosaes in the mid distanoe. clearly defined, like a different current in the dull stretch of the sullen flood, filling the view from the edge of the picture to that forlorn-looking shore with the building standing up against thesympathetic sky in the background. There is pathos about the resigned attitude of the heavy, strong-limbed oarthorse standing under the leafless tree on the jut of land reaching out into the flood. He looks deserted, and he has not the ghost of an idea of bettering himself. He is simply waiting with stolid air for something to turn up —he is an eqnine Micavrber. In this pioture—by no means a great one—mark the happy deftness of the artist in dealing with tbe reflections and in making his atmospheric effects congenial. It does not look like an ideal sketch, but is a touch of Nature in bar nasty mood. Daraa Nature, cruel only to be kind, and very often kind only to be erne!, has dealthcrdly with that torn, rugged, dishevelled tree—elm or oak, we know not which, but it is ecarcely sturdy enough for an oak—standing on the slope of a wind-ewept hill, paat which the eye of the observer roves over au almost endless landscape, comparatively calm and peaceful. Frank Walton, R.I., has sent his brush boldly over this canvas. There is the old riven tree twisted by a hundred hurricanes, its muscles, so to epeak, standing out like those on % gladiator's muscular frame; its T00tB planted m the soil with a firm grip, but showing the strain. Broken branohes, exposed roots, and the waterworn coil show how severe the struggle has been. The grand old tree must go down some day. Many people might pass this picture by— it is not far from that delightful "Cinderella," with the flighty, feeding, frolicsome birds—but if they pause a moment they inuet linger longer. Touching "Cinderella," who has not read the charming fairy story? It would be an insult to juvenile and adult intelligence to pretend to revive it. The picture, however, is a revelation by Fred Hall, who has caught inoBt happily the humour and the dinginess, shall we say, of the whole scene. There is Cinderella iu the obscurity of an old kitchen—a pretty roomy kitchen, by-the way, and a darksome—sitting alongside an old spinning-wheel of Germanic pattern, and busily pecking at her feet are birds of all sorts—pigeons, ringdoves, starlings, thrushes, chaffinches, a cocky robin redbreast, a stately raven, a jackdaw (much more bounceable than him of Rheims), and other feathered pets picking up the shovelful of linseed her spiteful stepmother threw into the ashes. It is almost worth while being Cinderella to have such a host of fancy feathered 