HERE AID THERE1 -o BY THY. MAN ABOUT TOWN, It's a terrible thing sometimes to be a re presentative of royalty. The Viceroy . o Ireland has many consolations. He can kiss the youthful debutantes at his court, and if some be a trifle off color in the way of youth, they are proportionately grateful. Even the Viceroy of India can get away to the Hills, and the diversions of Simla are of an exciting, not to say spicy, order. But out in Australia a Governor has sometimes a sultry time of it. He has generally a large stock of orders on hand for opening buildings, bazaars, etc. He is expected to say something new about anything at the shortest notice, and to be widely interested in everything from ensilage to calisthenics or esoterioBaddhism. lie has frequently to travel long distances with members of Parliament ! He has a larger visiting book than any other citizen, and, consequently, is more frequently bored. But the unlkndest out of all must be when he has to read what it costs to entertain him. "Please ask the Governor to come to our show," wrote a' North.Western Show Secretary the other day to the localmamber. With his usualoonrtesy, the Governor was willing to go. " Is it good enough?" wired back the cautious member, and then it was found that it would cost some thirty, pounds to give the visitor a suitable reception. On this followed disoussion, and it was finally decided that, in the present state of affairs, it "wasn't good enough." Of course, the show authori ties are quite right in being careful of the memberes' funds, but they might have left the Governor out of .it until they had made up their minds. It isn'tcustomary to ask a scan to dine with yo, and then let him know what it costs you. Here s a paragraph from a leading Lon don newspaper, the "Daily News ":-" On the occasion of a recent theatre party given by the hon. W. A. Zeal, President of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, the' whole of the stalls and dress circle of the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, was reserved for the guests, who included some prominent members of society as well as politicians." Surely a paragraph this full of points! Rathersets the example in style for colonial writers. If Mr Zeal had .been made the President of- the Now South Wales Legislative Councilit would not have been so bad. But a Speaker usually presides in the House to which the term Assembly is applied in any Parliamentary system. Again, it is interesting to hear that "many prominent members of society were present, as well as politicians.'" The implied distinction be. tween the former and the latter class in this remarkable paragraph suggests reflec tion of a far more serious character than those provoked by its appallingly mixed geogrgaphy. It is interesting to notice the amount of Lender solicitude manifested with regard to ir Henry Norman's unexpected appoint ment. Now, if anyone is likely to be com. pletely educated with regard to affairs Indian, it certainly should be a man who has spent the greatest part, of his life in India in the dual capacity of soldier and diplomatist. Yet certain aristocratic circles in England and India profess to be agitated lest the new Viceroy should not be capable of sealing firmly with such important questions as may arise. Had the Gladstone Govern mont appointed to the undoubtedly ifficult office, say, the head of one af the noble families in England, with an experience limited to Downing street and St. James', would there have been such anxiety? I trow not. The only parallel which occurs to me at 'the moment is the picture of a number of elderly spinsters cautioning a successful bookmaker against risking his money onthe turf, while thecallow youth passes by to plunge on a dead bird. There is a powerful flavor of hypocrisy and jealousy in the pitying, doubting congratu lations tendered to the gallant old soldier who, if his record be any criterion of his luality, should be well qualified to deal with the possible dangers which menace our Indian Empire. By the way, a Ru?sian paper has expressed an opinion on this sub ject which ought not to be wholly over. Looked. The Metropolitan Board of Works ought to have painted a colored window, designed after the idea of the familiar Pears' Soap advertise nent. One pane ought to represent the poet, philosopher, 'financier, Fitz Gibbon ttretching forth his hand to reach an inno. ,essible loan, and be marked with the legend "He won't be happy till he gets it;" and the second panv ought to represent the mame dear old Fitz holding up the coveted prize, " Now he's got it I" Of course, Mlr Fitz Gibbon would never consent to be painted naked, like the little boy in the pio ture, but that could be overcome, I dare say. Everyone is glad he has got it. He deserved it. His interest in the sewerage question is so deep and real. And, by the way, it is not true, I am authorised to say, that the bard has written an'epio poem, "To a' Main Sewer," dedicated to Councillor 'Mahbon. There are some points about being a ghost. Ghosts go where they like, haunt whom they please, don't pay any income-tax, ard not worried about politics, do not have their money locked up in reconstructing banks, and don't even have rows abouttheir washing bill, because the fluttering robes they wear never want washing. Better still, if youare a ghost, you have solemn, learned people ex citingthemselves inthe investigationof you. The studyof ghosts is, in fact, one of the most absorbing pursuits on the cards. Mr W. T. Stead, with his wonderfully shrewd eye for the business side of things, has even estab ished a spooky magazine called "Border land," about which everything is to be ghostly, except the profits. Last of all, a number of gentlemen in Mlelbourne, compris iog Mr Astronomer Ellery, Profeser Laurie, Dr Symo,Dr Strong aod Professor M'Alpine, of the Government Botanist's department, have formed the nucleus of a Melbourne Psychical Rssearch Society,which is shortly to bepublicly floated. I undersltandthat it is to sit for the collection of evidence, lie the Sweat ing Board (there is a shocking lot of "sweat ing" where the ghosts come from!) and ghosts areto be called as witnesses. I am sure and hope they will be succeslful. At present I regard so-called "familiar spirits" as being considerably "under proof,'" but I have an open mind on thie subject. I trust the Society will give particular attention to Australian native spoocks, bunyips, "an' sich." They have never been properly investigated by psychical students, and there is no reason why an Australian bunyip shouldn't be as goodas, ay,an lrish banshee,or anoldEnglish family spectre. In fact, if the native article does not get justice done, I shall, with the editor's permission, use this column for con ducting ao agitation in favor of taxing im. ported spirits and protecting the local article, and for having the former stamped,as is pro. posed to be done with Chinese furniture. So just let Mr Ellery and Professor Laurie look out i The evils of the opium habit, have they not been told by thousands of orators and writers who-never knew what it was. A De Quineoy is not found at every street corner, and it is not easy to imitate his "con eesione." Of course, it is my plain dunty to believe that both tobacco and opium shorten people's hves. Occasionsly one dqgs indeed come across a hard 'ce a man, for instance, hale and hearty at eighty or ninety,. who has smoked and chewed tobacco from boyhood. Once, too, I recollect, when in virtual quarantine, a woman of over eighty,who had volunteered aid to the sick when younger nurses were not to be obtained, sat down with me before the fire each evening, and we mingled our re spective clouds of tobacco smoke. So far as I know, she' is alive yet, and always enjoys her pipe. But what of a case just reported by Mr E. H. Parker, who has been writing to the Eng lish papers about the mines in Burmah. Mr Parker says :-" At the second mine there is an old Chinese patriarch ; he is 75 years of age, and has been 40 years in the country, smoking opium steadily all the time. He keeps a drug shop, and seems to be very much respected in the neighborhood." No wonder. That man has earned a title to respect. One who can smoke opium steadily for 40 years might fairly be regarded as establishing a record in his own particular line. Hard cases are said to make bad laws. Unquestionably the case of that ancient Celestialplays the dence with some cherished notions. ?Some queer stories are afloat in the Runnymede district," writes a correspon dent, "with reference to th'e Jorgensen episode. Among others, it is rumored that ---a newly - married lady in tends to: take divorceC proceedings against her husband on the ground that on one occasion when she-the wife was in ill-health he sleptin the same room as Miss Jorgensen." If the Wives of all the men who may. have happened to occupy the same room as Miss Jorgensen, during her career in masquerade, elect to take the same view as the lady alluded to, there willbe trouble. ., 