NOTES FROM GUILDFOIiD, [By. Senex.J The other day, when walking past; our Medical Officer s quarters, I found myself in the midst of a crowd of females and young children. I walked quietly and spoke softly, as I begged to bo allowed to pass, and when through this crowd of women I gave a sigh of relief to, nnd my self safe, Why this throng, I asked P Oh, this is a vaccination day, and by a placard you will see, on youder tree, all patients and guardian - of unvacoinated children /tinder soven years are to have these child ren Yficoihated without delay and to fail at their peril. North, south, east and west I see and hear of nothing bub ' qmnll-pox.' It is no longer the salutation of 'Good morning' or ' Good day/' bub ' Have you been vac cinated if not you ought to be, and please don't come too near me,' others overwhelm one with showers of1 statistics to prore the relative' rate df mb'rtaUfcy of tbe vaeoiu» ated aud the unvacoinated, It is an ill wind that blows no one any good— our dootorsmust be reaping a rich harvtst. I have heard \h stated, by one who knows, that one of oui? lear'iio'd Councillors aba special meeting of our Health Board, ft'btm th.i question of a quarantine station was mooted, proposed with muoh earnestness that the site of the stafon ? should bo on tho commonage, for the reason of its proxi mity to the cemetery— rather comforting to any patient, for all that, however, there is much wisdom iu the suggestion, I think our Hoalth Offlopr and Health Boird are dvng tho correct thing in taking every precaution against any attaok of this, fell disease. 1 road your Trader in yesterday's paper on '. Financial Scaivs' with much nleasure and profit at the same time. Is there Hoi; good reason for these ' scans' aud want of confidence P In the t'ays of wild speculation with commercial morality at a low ebb, in whom can we put confidence P mon whom we supposed to have worn tho 'white flower of a blameless lite' we 'discover to be mere bypooiites and fraudB, and daily experience teaohes us that an outward ap pearano} of respectability is no guarantee of a man's honesty. The other day I pioked up apiece of paper (evidently a portion of a lova letter), with these concluding words—' From your loving little Harry.' What a I ale might be made of this I Who is this ' dear little Harry,' to whom was it written P Was it the fervent and faithful out-pouring1 of a loyal hoart, or as the ghost in ' tfamW says : An adulterate beast, with witohoraft of hiB wit, with traitorous gifts, (Oh wicked wit, atld gifts, that have the power so to soduce I) won of his shameful lust tho will of my most seeming virtuous. Enough) ' Senex' is getting prolix. Guildford, April 19, 1893. 