farmer Housing Show Cattle. Comfortable and roomy quarters are es sential in preparing cattle for show. Stall Feeding is not fclio best system for show animals. Clean well-liaired beasts do not usually come out of stalls. Perfection in coat is a difficult point toattain, but when it is accomplished it goes a long way in favor of the animal possessing it. It is, indeed, a rare possession, only a very few of the cattle shown at even our national shows being perfect in their coats. Inordinary fattening for the butcher, stall-feeding is no doubt as good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flesii iB not the only point aimed at — the after health and bloom of the animal has to bo considered. It takes a full year, sometimes more, to fit cattle for the Bhow yard, and to confine the animals by the head or neck for that period is not the way to accomplish the desired end. Freedom to move about, or lie down clean. and com fortable, can only bo afforded them in a dry, roomy loose box. The superficial area requited from the calf to the aged bull will range from 50 to 200 feet, ac cording to the amount of out-door exercise available, and in the house each beast re quires from 650 feet to 800 cubic feet of breathing space. Cattle not intended for breeding purposes may bo very closely confined superficially for the period of one year without injury to their health ; but there are more breeding animals ruined from want of room or exercise, than from over-feeding. It is very bard to injure a horse by high feeding when tho work ia heavy, and the same law applies to cattle. Moderate exercise at the expense of a certain waste of food is good economy. Temperature is a great element in cattle feeding. The natural heat of the animal ranges from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermo meter in the barn will indicate the tem perature, and the nearer it averages the normal heat of the animal the greater the economy of the food consumed. When the outside atmosphere varies from, say, freezing up to 100 deg. Fahr., then there is a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In very cold weather the heat of the byre can be raised by cloBod doors and ventila tors, but when the temperature is raised by the constant breathing of the same air, tho health of the animal is endangered. All under-currents or draughts should be excluded, and in no case should the upper or roof ventilators be entirely closed. Im pure air takeB an upward course, and the ventilators, if they are of right1 construc- tion, will both allow the exit and entrance of sufficient freBh air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly. In hot days the doors can be opened, or partjy so, as the thermometer will instruct; and Utter that the only meanB of cooling the air is by refrigeration, which, of course, would cost too much to admit of its use in cattle-feeding. The best that can bo done is to have the byres or BhedB properly ven tilated and equally free from draughts, which will allow of alteration when necea- saiy. An excess of light under cover is to be avoided in the case of fattening cattle. Young growing cattle intended for breed ing purposes cannot very well have too much sun and light, but the. rays of the Bun are only valuable to the cattle-feeder When the temperature of the atmosphere is low. After the surrounding air becomes heated the direct rays of the sun can be dispensed with. There iB, however, no artificial heat, such as we provide with shelter, clothing, and fires, equal to the sunheat for health giving properties. We can produce a greater heat than we derive from the sun, but in the means we employ to attain it tho air is certain to become more or iess vitiated. When we get light and heat fro" the sun it is pure and gen uine, altogether different from anything wo can manufacture. This is the reason why tlie lamb that is reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier than the one raised in houBO with the aid of the sfco Shying Horses are Near- Sightea.— "Why it Is that shying in horses sbould be set down to an ugly disposition I don't know,". said a prominent veterinary surgeon. "It must be because horsemen don't know what else to lay it to. The fact is that it is seldom met with unless the horse is near sighted. I have tested scores of shying horses for near sightedness, and in nearly all cases found what I expected. And now when I am asked to give points on buying horses I give this as one of the requisites : Never buy a horse that is near-sighted. Tbere&re;, how ever, two exceptions to this rule. If the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference about the sight. One horse can go blind if the other is clear-sighted. If . the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful that he is not near-Bighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. "The reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple," the surgeon .continued. " Of all animals the horse is the mbet gentle, and even timid. He sees a strange object, and bis susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that iB going to destroy him. A piece of white paperin the roadside at night ;s a ghost, and an old waggon in tbe ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at once. . It iB supposed that it is because the horse innkes a closer acquaintance with the object. That is true but not in the sense in which it is generally understood. The animal has not been able to sec it from a distance. He is near-sighted. Horses and Their Drivers— It has often occurred to me that the utility and age of horses are seriously affected and shortened by the thoughtless action of drivers. It is but too common a practice, when a horse is rising a hill.or when, perhaps, in the middle of a hill, for a driver to make a sudden slush with the whip. This, with a spirited horse, is followed by a sudden hound in re sponse to the unexpected call upon its powers, possibly powers that were at the time at the extreme limit of tension-V. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone would naturally infer that its general effect would result in rupture, greater or les9, of internal organs, or sprain of some joint. Can we wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when the treatment is con tinued day after day the year throughout? Under such circumstances, the wonderw tbat any horse escapes serious injury, and vp may;: naturally infer that a large proport»n&of; horses are'thuB rendered comparative! less, and their lives shortened, With jjffifiree (1 raWl n IT & 1 AO rl m Vi ft f V» ft w in nnn ' » © y«M| nucbuvi tu Luu v Lj ctUwvryiii i) or-,8addle, any call for greater eMTtfon should be madc what I may call gradual)jfcbt is, the animal should first be made aAjjBu-:/of what is required from it by tbe . vbicjltote; <mding the whiD. and not the whip towice;. Buying Curios in China.— Batgjfe- penence taught us that the curio mppik|'' about five times as niuch us he is prcpwiflKlvAo accept for bis wares. Making a choiqfefid: getting your man! into ' proper framg.iiqPtrid to see as you do,/cas regards tclligently oceuDier ahont nn».hftWapis| Y thefi'ret thing to dddirfe tokW ynmJ&i;&Bnfi-;' .tbebouse, 8eparating him/from hlBYf&nMlf;' thht'he-may nothivethelrrnorarcoillfiw Uphold him. For the lot you make your offer, he disdainfully refuses, and begins briskly packing up. WhetT everything is nearly stowed away, he asks, as if there-had tu;. ::: been any question of H before, " How much V You again offer, and with a .long I fjr-rv,;-. "-fry;- ;> :«!<« more tbs»- may you. - yon remain firm and tn':-': wiore notice of Mm, with a Air he deposits the thiiiga at your feet and gives :;ou to understand he haa jmade you a preseht'; y of them ; thafi stbardened inner ; it fe.»Vl»lmhhisAifeVjiJo.od.: buy he WW/ 