MOW WE DID BiV BiV IH : , , ? Bv .WAT GOLDIE. next mount we: explored the country immediately on the other aBije* of^Ejaw but discovered nothing either striking or original. ' We determined, therefore, after going some , jJjfKQ u$i|es, return seek wot some Wt IMwfcrS ^ Md too I ^ i d m / r t y Back then along the level crest of the mighty B«Jw':B»w we rode ; in ( .the highest spirits (pardon"tbe »ninteotional nearness to -1 - wiiat inight be mistaken. for a pun), ' ^st the«aim and on dWn to the little tridge on the .tangle-foot plain. Once again an -incident crops' up. This incident has to do -neither with a donkey nor a snake, but with a hat. We had »ot crossed the little bridge juSst mentioned many minutes before the whole cavalcade was startled by the swift rash of a horse' from the tear and the lond cry, "Mahriey's dead!" We looked round, and from what we saw "might easily have supposed that, though Marley wis dead, and " dead," as Dickens adds, "as a door nail," his hat at least had risen again. Tim O'Keefe had discovered what he called " a three-star, veil-blended, doubly-reversible felt," (bit once was fashioned like a hat; and he had got it on bis head. I regret to say that this did not make it look any more like a hat, but Tim, all (he same, held firmly to the claim that he had fonnd a hat. In point of age the article discovered might certainly have been irorn by Marley, bat the awkward put of the tbeoiy was how to adjust Marley to the locality of the hat. The only escape from a serious difficulty in this direction was to suppose that somebody might have brought the hat to Ba« Baw : bnt even then you have got to suppose them foolB enough to leave it there, and that, would never do. Be that as it may, Timothy rejoiced in the • possession of his doubly- reversible felt, and began to speculate as to how the \- boles that were in it came" there. In the brim there was one somewhat large aperture that just went over Tim's right eye. One cannot well imagine the extreme comicality ot the said hat in this particular setting, to eaLy 'nothing of the man. Hie picture was ridiculous in the extreme. But to return to the theory of' the holes. Opposite to this large opening there were several smaller holes, which teemed to give Tim a key to the whole situation. " Ye see," said he, "it was in trough this big hole that the bullet wint, and it's out trough (Mm shmall ones that the brains wint. r The end that the owner of the hat came to, even then remained doubtfnl. But Tim was satisfied with his theoiy. Always, afterwards, any news concern' ing Marley came from under that hat. The announcement of his death had already So frequently been made by the owner of thatBame hat, that Marley was becoming gradually to be recognised as fairly and undoubtedly in a state of— , , , well, - dead, properly dead. , Through the flower-fields again we wandered, and for a. brief space were permitted to meditate. Out 'meditation, alas, was soon cut short by the dislodgmetit from the saddle of one of our fair companions, who, .in going down, a steep incline, had with her saddle slipped forward and come rather ' unceremoniously to the ground. Help -was' quickly afforded, however, and it i rwas eopn found .that nothing more serious than a fright and a flutter of—no! li&rts;, I! bad occurred.' Itie^moimting of a ledge of rocks for the sake of getting a view of Tanjil delayed the parly for some time, and made it two o'clock before we reached the pretty halting-place ; at which we had dinner. A deserted survey camp gave us ample indication of the whereabouts of water." Here a good deal of innocent diversion was taken along with the dinner, and some of the soberer members of the party indulged in a game of quartettes. From this place we had no difficulty in making Fairy Dell by 5 o'clock. Not as weary mortals, spent with a fatiguing excursion, returned we to that camp ; but with much of the elasticity of the morning came we. Indeed, several of I our number set off at once, on foot, to explore Fairy Creek, and were able to return at dusk with the gratifying intelligence that they had discovered a waterfall and a cave. • It always takes a lady to describe a waterfall^ and, since X am not one, I cannot attempt here to reproduce the description- given, to me of this particular waterfall. We mart: •entrust it to the reader's imagination. In the Euiy Dell camp that second • night there was iepeated all the revelry of the first, if not more, i We were later, with tea, and bad .in consequence *o take it bv wd|e4«iht., t ^^ .rtacks, arews j^venW]^~gn>mid .aroand the table, unless; faodnd over by Bome Tompmg member of the fi»t«wi^, Bt?weii well for all purposes ofj fllniriinstiop.- ^.Again the stars kept vig3 jwhile we langhed apd - ate. " Once 3 -irone around the old ic&frp; lire wen lined the merry iaces of yestexTUght,jinclnding. both Doflie * «uid her brigar.d falh&v.; The first demand Mjjd^en&jjScrWge.; so S»m Westwpod had to aigain arrange 1 Ms Jaritern fciid reading. The. bet that Madey wius dead had bvtlaB timtC thfe m^t^.ef&teTi; Tim O'Keefe, got well published. fact, Uie adH^'ipfietoance giMft. •"the istory 1 wab as a well-merited jjunis qt^dtecroo^ ' More «ikn ouilntHK jection of delight was muttered as the ghost began toWdTabroad wd mplofci tiftis* v U ^ M r «lf .»darkneS8ainnnd dsend &e; waiflfliokEr^ eMMfae camp fire inAont of«iB,*t teemed nU»t fitting ahodd^ • Theiught beforB 