PALACE, MONASTERY AND ™ Ê B ' ? " THE ESCCÈlAL. Ittsâ flehsn», S & teaihar mdaneholy one, to findin .ff Hacpar" a pfisthnmous paper by 42te labe Mi Théodore Child. It is a brilliant gtwwjwtie^Mmnnment of the iinanœmight and magnificence of the Spaniel Kings. One of t^inoet ftttiagtlK» ipemB in an excelleutnum - ber-af thia charming magazine, it is as vivid anddefipate as most things Mr Child wrote. •. ' '- ' UEI^lSOHOLY IHUESSITY. Ihe fiat-m^çessioh made by the EscuiSal is iteimdienmty, and the Jaat itB melancholy. There is no gBtting away from the place. Itneajdy fills thé little town of Escnrial, for natorâlly a monument built in the shape of &- gridiron to reeaB the instrument of torture on which St Laurence eu&rei; martyrdom is The fmrn^iB?ty of it takes your breath away ; it is not a palace, but a cyclopean town ; and although the sun may be shiningbrilliantly, ii looks sad audfunereal with its gray walls picked out with staring joints of white modtar, its leaden roofs, its granitesurroundings, its volcanic _as- This impression of something i blasted, platonian, of something that has passed through tire, struck me Mine after time as I upon, the structure. Nor is this idea of fi» inappropriate. The palace-eonvent itself is intherform of a gridiroirtumed upaido down, and that in memory of the patron, San. Lorenzo, who was broiled by Valerian on s slow fire, and, according to PrndentinB, bore hit martyrdom with couness and ever jocose irony, for when OSE SIDE WAS BOASTED he had himself turned, and invited hid cooks to try whether he tasted better underdone or weQ done. . . . The surfape occupiedby the edifice is 39,000 square metes ; the exterior facades measure more thanMO metréa. aad §re ^pierced by fifteen doors/and li^S^rindowsi; in thee, mbûâoi: there ace siit^^^Cqurt-yards, mghty- six^idrcises, eighty-eight fountains nine towEts and 4565 rooms; in the whole edifice there are more than 10,000 windows and 2000 doors, while the lobbies, cloisters and court-yards measure in length some 75 miles. THEGHOST OF PglT.TTP. The Escnrial is haunted by the ghost of its founder, the grim, gloomy, fanatical Philip II., who married our own Queen- Mary, mid made of the Inquisition an unexampled engine of tyrannical power. He built the vast place as a monument to his father and himself ; hut as the old Duke of Braganza said, " he who made such a great vow must have had a great fear." Mr Child " gives "us a striking picture of Philip's own quarters. With a chill of mysterious tenor you pass through a low door, and find yourself in a ample room, with a tiled floor and bare whitewashed walls, relieved at their base by the usual blue and white tiles. The room is lighted by three small windows glazed with old rough glass, through which may Jbe seen vast landscapes of dark verdure and grand mountain silhouettes, - which prove that the morose King, was not so ill advised as eome writers state when he chose the site of his cloistered palace. This is the room were Phillip II. lived in monastic simplicity, and boasted that from the foot of his 'mountain he GOVERNED THE OLD WOBLD AND THE NEW with": two Inches of paper. "The carpet of matting interwoven with gold, and with 'the double-headed imperial eagle In red, is. now hung up against the wall, and the red tiles of the floor aie bare. Here is the table where Philip used to sit and. annotate State papers ; here are his portfolio, his inkstand, hie set of pigeon-holeB ; here is the smaller table of his secretary, Antonio Perez ; here is it miserable arm-chair studded with brass nails, and with a leather back stitched into checkers. On this chair the king used to sit ; and on these two stows, with their cushions of greenishbrown velvet—the one stool bearing still traces of red lacquer, the other of black wood bound with silver^his Majesty rested his ulcered legs. In the alcove to the right, the great monarch slept on a bed doubtless as VTTLGAE AHD EVEN SORDID as the chairs and tables of his sitting room. Next to the alcove is a dark oratory within walls of polished and panelled jasper. Touoh. a spring, the panels open and reveal the grand altar of the church, and on the opposite " aide» in guilt bronze, the group ot Charles V. KNEELIKG IN ETERNAL FRAYEE with the women of his house beside him. Inthis narrow oratory Philip, in 1598, took to his bed Buffering tortures, his body devoured by sores, wasting away literally like Job upon his dung-heap. Through these narrow openings in the jasper panels, with which the irreverend fingers of curious tourists now play, the monaroh, worn out with care, and sickness, peered with anxious eyes as the priest celebrated mass amidst, the splendor of the capilla mayor. Here, in this narrow, dark, and close corner, he died. An inscription on the wall records the graphic summary of his end :—" In this narrow chamber died Phillip H. when.tho world was too small to contain the son of Charles Y. He lived so far from the earth, that his soul alone was liràg; of his body there .remained but the shadow when, he finished dying." THE MUMMY OF "GREAT CAB.OLUS." And now for the end of all the might and* splendor of the Spanish Hapsburgs—the race who for a brief space held die major part of the world's wealth—not, as it turned out, in fee, but on sufferance :— We descend into the royal tomb, or Pantheon. for such is the term given by the Catholic. Spaniards to a Christian burialplace. This vault, placed exactly beneath the high altar of the church, is an octagon room 36ft in diameter and 38ft high. Tou descend into it by means of a staircase whose walls are lined' with green-and-yellow polished jasper. The walls of the Pantheon are of polishedmarble, porphyry, and jasper, richly ornamented with gUt bronze capitals, bases, and angels, the whole executed by Italian artiste after the death of Philip II. As an inscription informs us, the founder of the Escnrial built only a simple vault. Philip III. began the present gorgeous structure in 1617 ; Philip ÏV. completed it, and. MOVED IN THE EOYA BODIES on the 17th March, 1654, after Diege de- Velasquez had with his own hands fixed in itsplace "the bronze crucifix by Pedro Tacca. which hehad brong-ht back from Italy. The octagon walls contain twenty-six niches or shelves, on each of which is a grey marble sarcophagus or urn of classical shape. On the left are the lings, and on the right the mothers of kings, from Charles V. down to our own times. In 1654 Philip IV. opened the urn containing the remains of Charles V., and after looking awhile at the mummified body, he said, "laconically, to Luis de Haro, "Don Luis, cuerpo honrado." To whioh the Prime Minister replied, "Si, senor, muy honrado." Charles II. also opened THIS AUGUST SARCOPHAGUS, which was again opened by Ferdinand Vit. after the French invasion, and. uce more' in.. 1870, when the asect of the i mummy was care*. olly reproduced by a painter of Madrid, and" hotographs from this picture now enable urious tourists to carry away with them an uthentic portrait ofthe corpse of the great Silent, empty,, dear and uaeles 0 ; a proigous monument from whioh the soul has eparted,'—that is Mr Child's camming up f this wonderful monument.» St. James' udget." „ - 