QUEENSLAND TAKES THE FISCAL KNIFE. Tho acute railway rivalry between New South Wales and Queensland has at last culminated in a declaration of liseal war to the knife. This was formally made in the Queensland Assembly on Wednesday mgiit, wnen tne lirsc step 01 an oncnsivc campaign was entered upon by the intro duction of a bill to penalise the sending of station produce across the New South Wales border. Upon all wool or other pro duce dispatched in that way for shipment an export duty of fifty shillings per ton is to be imposed with the avowed object of preventing Queensland trade from benefit ing our railways. The excuse for this resort to the methods of old time fiscal barbarism is that through the agency of differential rates the New South Wales lines are unfairly appropriating business which should go to those of the other colony, under which circumstances Sir Thomas MTjavkaitii maintains that it is tlie duty ot. tne qmeenstana Government " to fight for its own trade." Ill this fight Queensland used the weapon of differential rates quite as readily as New South Wales did, but got worsted, and now falls back upon a savagely discriminating export tariff. This undoubtedly gives it full com mand of the situation as far as the trade contended for is concerned, and nothing remains for our Railway Commissioners to do in connection there with but gracefully give up the ghost. Upon the question nf differential rates we have already written at length expressing regret that the colonies should under any circumstances be found wasting their strength in ignobly struggling to filch each other's trade by what really amounts to bribing with the tax payers' money certain people to pa tronise certain railways which otherwise they would ignore. The trade which could not be secured without recourse to this tricky device need scarcely be regarded as a loss when taken away, consequently it is not oil that- account that the present action of Queensland is hurtful. It is the wanton insult, offered by it to the nascent but unfortunately neglected federal sentiment spontaneously strug gling into life between the colonies that is eh icily deplorable. Were we foolish enough to take up tho gage of tariff battle in the same spirit as it has been thrown down, wo might, perhaps, have little difficulty in bringing the fiery northerners to their fiscal knees. A tax, for instance, 011 stock crossing our borders would be a heavy retaliatory blow to begin with, while a revengefully discrimi nating sugar duty would also be quite in keeping with the kind of "cateh-where- you- ean " struggle which Queensland has entered upon. Tho danger lies in the pro vocation that is offered to consider such wild and un-Aactrulian expedients at a time when we luivo in power a Government which has already laid tho broad foundations of a hostile inter colonial tariff. It is to be hoped, how ever, that- tho New South Wales Ministry will rise to a much more dignified and patriotic view of the present question than the Queensland Government has taken, and not attempt to aggravate matters by any legislation of that kind. What the whole episode simply proves is that the longer federation i3 delayed the greater becomes tho difficulty of accomplish ing it. In their present state of isolation, the tendency of tho colonies is to drift further apart, while there is the constant danger of new jealousies, new quarrels, and new vested interests arising in the ever-widening breach. If New South Wales and Queens land were two alien States, the blood of whose people hud become embittered by ages of racial feud, they could hardly assume a more unsympathetic attitude towards each other than that in which Sir Thomas M'Ilwraitu's action now places them. It is a striking object lesson 011 the danger of allowing isolation to continue multiplying tho obstacles in the way of union. 