"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUES« TION . » , Now, which ia tho worse—to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite. There are lots of people on tlie oho side or the other o£ this question. "When '1 a good dices: tloii waits on appetite aud health oil b6tli> that is thejdeal attitude Of a person towards his meals, But mcst of us are not blessed in that way j wo either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetito without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this, question differently, yet the common sense oi it is that, without reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy mail ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesu't feel like eating, stands in need of (i alterations and repairs. To illustrate. Wo recently received a com munication in which the writer says, " I was afraid to eat." Did ho fancy his food was poi soned, or did his nature rebel against the nou rishment lived on ? If the latter, why ? Let him c car the'mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 I changod my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that wav, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing wo3 like another, I and nono was good. My tonguowas coatod I and furred, and a dark line was down the middle I and yellow fur round it. My breath was oflfen I sive and my appetite poor, witli pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had cateu anything. Then I was j greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." I We cannot wonder that under these circum 1 stances our friend failed to do justice to his i nteals. He adds that there was what he calls I i f a pricking sensation " at his heart, as though I it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so seveie that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he says "the 1 bought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for 1 was afraid to eat. " Aftor a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if aomehting was going to happen, aud this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What ho means by the fear of "something going to happen," is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as tho loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to tho im» povcrishcd state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstruncr nerves, and to tho hmin rmfpnMml l«r lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, tbo creatures of a restless and ungoverned im agination. " With great difficulty," ho says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of descrip tion. 1 am sure no one lias suffered so much as I have done." In tho latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is al ways harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multi tude who are all the while going through tho same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it ionnd him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his oicii, having been cured by Mother £eigel's Syrup. " My wife," ho says, " got 1110 a bottle at Mr Laugstaffp, in Wood lesford, and after using its contents the ail ment left mo and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like tho whole world to know what it did for me. I have beea cm» ployed by the Midland Kail way Company ft * eleven years. (Signed) " George Hunt, " Car Bottom Road, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." Wo publish this by Mr liunt'B desire in ordor that J art of the world ut least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 1740-1 