SUNDPAY EHVICES. On Bunday morning lasnt, Mrs. Harrisou Lee ofBicated in the hurth Ipelioh Wealeyan Churcb. There wee a very good attenancte, the building bleog completely peeked. Mrs. Lee took no tent, but read a pieoe of poetry entitled "lHimself." She bgan by resferring to Christ as a helper. He would be quite willing to do for us all we would let Him do, and to be all we would let dim be. He was a Saviour; and the preoher told thae story of her conversion through the agenoy of " Mil ton's Paradise Lost" and a littles B b!e. She had then made it all right with ahe Sariour for eternity, hobut had not done so Ir the present life. There came a time, however, when she learned that she needed a guide, someone who knew where all the obstacles and dificulties were; and Sens was suaoh a Gnide, for He had teen that way before. And not only did she want a guide, but she wanted a keeper, for ahe was always getting into trouble. So she took Chriet for her Keeper. There was something else that Jesos would be willing to be, and thet was onutained in the passage H e forgiveth all thine iuiquities, and healeth alldiseases." The speaker related how she had been an it valid for eight lers-net a day puassed with out her suffering pain. She had been to many doctors, and at last went.to one of the beet doctors in Melbourne, who said that he wrcud try to oura her, but be could huld out oery little hope of belog able to do no. The sum of money he mentioned as rsqeirad only to try was beyond her means, and she just went away and prayed to God either to heal her or tal e her home to Himelf. From that day bshe had been completely oared. Jesus wa also willig to be our Banker; audio this cooonnection Mrs. Lee referred to the great waste of money that went on in our midst. Gloves were not of so mouh eonsequence as souls, and featbers, when weighed ii the balanoes with human beings, were not very heavy. She alluded to the enormous sum of money Queensland spent in drink lost year, and yet we had people dying of burger in our land, and chburcbes nod charities languishing ; and she had observed tia; the meeost religious poin in the world was the three penny bit, as it went oftenest to hurbch. Doring last year £60,000 was spent on totalisators, and gamil ing was both oovetiog and stealhng. Whet she sew the distress which prevailed she had prayed to God to send money; tou He had sentthe money and we had misueed st. He had sent the golden grain and we had turned it into a curse. She spoke of the waste which weot on tobsooo, 17ea. 61, pipes, and dirty little cigarettes. In conolusion, abshe urged those prenant to give all to God and get all from Him. On Bondoy'afternon the meeting was held in the Sohool of Arts, when the bulding was fairly well filled. Mrs. W. M. Payne, presidenst of the local Wooen'e Christian Temperance UIiono, presided, end there were also on the ilatform Meedames Greenham and Cole. The procoedinge were opened with sioging, and dlevoticnal exerciree having been engaged in, Mrs. Lee read a portion of BoSripture, after oh oh Mrs. Brown and Miss Payne exoelleatly submitted a duet. Mrs. Lee then addressed thbe audioence, taking as the sebject of her discourse Lamentatious II., 19--" Arise, cry out in the night in the beginning of the e?tobhes pour out thine heart like water before the fce of the Lord ; lift up thy hands toward Him for the life of thy young children, that foaiot for hunjer in the top of every street." She caid she intended to plead that afternoon for the helpless, suffering, tu d fenooleso little ohildren, and went on to give an ionstaoe of a person who had signed the pledge for the sake of hia eight bosle. The speaker then told. in an earnest manner, of someof herwork smongst the cbildreo of druonken parents, which work she termed as hard, hatefol, and more work. These ohildren had been made ragged, made thieves, and made beggares because of the licensing lawe. At the coc'aoion of an im. pressive address, she said that, even in Vic toria, Iprwich "as aconsidered to be one of the best places in Queens and, end she had also heard good reports of the town along theoosst. She was senrry that the tempersooe work here weea mrrd by some liquor shops, but they ehould work en till every liquor establisehment wae oloeed. bt" appealed so those who had not done so to sign the p!edge on behalf of their little children, and this invitation was largely availed nf, Mrs. Payne stating that during iMrs. Lee's mission in Qoeennland 1000 pledges had been taken, and 500 members bed joined the various branches of the Union. The meeting cloned with the prononnoing of the benediction. Mies Cole ably presided at the piano throughout ohe prooeedinge. At night Mrs. Lee condoeted the service in the Ellenborongh.street Wesleran Chorob. when every rest in the saored edifloe wa filled to its fllhat holding oapacity. She delivered an exoellent and interesting address, drawing lesons from Christ's first miraole of turning water into wine. The whole tenor of her re marks went to show the neoeseslty of all be. coming co-worke's with Christ if their labonsn in the oanese of Christianity were to effect any go d. If Christians were to accomplish any remlDle in their work for God, then theys most be filled with the spirit of the Ho'y Ghost. Let them get the funless of God'a spirit in their hearts, and then there would be a gresater likelihood of theirreceiving Peateootal showers of bleasinge from above, 