ROSALIND'S J3MEUG-EXCY. [ByMAiiY Seldkx McCobb.J Rosalind Hayden came slowly up the garden paih. Kitty tapped impatiently on the window pane. 'Rosalind never hurried in her life. I uever eaw euch a snail, :i she complained. 'We're sure to be late for the em3rgency lecture.' Tom came round the corner of the verandah. Kitty could hear his teasing tone. 'Hollo, Rosy! ' Emergency,' eh ? Come, now, here's a case. Suppose you were to meet a couple of microbes escorting la arume in your direction, what would you do in that emergency ? Speak up lively !' 'Why, Tom— a microbe— why, one— - couldn't see,' began literal Rosalind, who never recognised a joke. Tcm burst into a laugh. 'Call it drown ing, then,' he went on. 'Given a drowning man. How would you save his life in an emergency ?' 'Lay him on his face, with the head slightly lower than the shoulders, let the water run from his mouth, then roll him gently from side to side, pressing lightly on the chest.' Rosalind was rehearsing her instructions soberly, when Tom broke in : — 'Now / should pull the fellow out of the river. That would be ray artless way. But then I haven't been to emergency lectures. Ha. ha !' Kitty came hastily from the house. ' Don't chaff her, Tom,' she cried. 'We sliall be Late, Rosalind. Here's your note-book. Do hurry, for once in your life !' Rosalind allowed herself to be dragged down the walk in the direction of the church vestry, where young Dr. Peters wa3 delivering a series of lectures _ on 'What to do in emergencies.' Rosalind had been much in terested in the doctor's wise remarks, and bore with unfailing sweetness her brother's jeers and gibes. Tom found infinite fun in the thought of Rosalind^ ' whisking in on an emergency.' ' She was born doic,' declared Tom. . '.She never gets ikere till the next week.' . 'Rosalind is sure if she is slow,' answered the mother lovingly. 'loan depend on her keeping her wits about her every time. Now *he won't foi-get to go to tbe train to meet '* Great-aunt Hannah. I oan trust her memory, and that's more than I can say oE a certain young man not a mile off.' Yes, Rosalind remembered. Exactly ft quarter of a minute before the train was due she reached the station, and left John, the coachman, with the horses, while she went to welcome the traveller. No one could fail to recognise Great-aunt Hannah, as she stepped, stately and majestic, from the Pullman, the sable ostrich feathers on her bonnet ' waving like plumes on a hearse,' as Tom irreverently said. Aunt Hannah was accompanied by her fat wheezy pug-dog, fully as dignified and solemn as his mistress. Rosalind stowed herself meekly on the small front seat of the coupe, that Tadgers might recline at his ease, next Aunt Hannah, on the broader cushions. It took some time to 'settle the three inside the carriage and to adjust Aunt Hannah's air pillow and wraps, while several minutes passed in making sure that Tadeers was comfortable, and in trying to persuade him not to growl and yap at Rosalind. Thus it happened that all the hacks had rolled away with their passengers, and that the street near the station was deserted of baggage waggons and railway teams. It was then that Aunt Hannah miBsed Tadpers's basket. 'Surely I left it in the train,' she ex claimed. 'I shouldn't mind, Rosalind, but Tadgers is so delicately organised that he really cannot sleep in any bed but his very own basket.' ' John will hunt it up,' said Rosalind in her composed tones. John obediently departed. The door of the station slammed behind him. Rex, the 'off horse,' pricked up his ears at the sudden noise. Feeling her mate stir, Regina, the black mare, moved uneasily. Both horses took a few steps, paused, then moved slowly forward down the road. 'My dear!' cried Great-aunt Hannah, grasping her niece's arm. Tadgers, catching her alarm, gave a series of sharp barks. Rosalind instantly lowered the side window. 'Whoa !!: she called. 'Whoa, Rex ! Regina, who-o-a !' Rex paid no heed to this exhortation. In fact he quickened his pace, and Regina followed suit. John, emerging from the station, saw his horses disappearing round a corner. 'And they're shut up inside!'' he exclaimed, in horror, dropping Tadgers's basket, and start ing on a helpless pursuit. By this time the horses were holding their heads high, aware that no hand was on the reins. Rosalind's heart was beating like a trip hammer, but she spoke in her usual deliberate way. V There's nothing for me to do but to get on the box,' said she. ' This glass front won't open, so you must excuse me if I smash it, Aunt Hannah. Keep calm, if you please, ma'am.' She caught up a travelling-bag, and gave one, two, three heavy blows on the plateglass. One piece flew at Tadgers's nose, making a neat little elit in the flesh, to his intense in dignation. ' Sit still, Aunt Hannah,' said Rosalind. ' Fm going to climb out.' She thrust her arm and then her head cautiously through the jagged opening, and managed to clutch the edge of the coachman's seat. Aunt Hannah wrung her hands and groaned. The glass caught at Rosalind's shoulders, but crackled sharply as the girl dragged herself forward. The carriage swayed, making every movement perilous, but Rosalind's brain was steady. She cut her ankle as. she drew it after her body, but she paid no heed, her one fear being that she should pitch headlong over the low dasher as she crawled head foremost. She never could tell how she righted herself ; but in spite of jolts and bumps, and a most unexpected and embarrassing push from distracted great- aunt Hannah, which almost sent her down amoDg the horses' heels, Rosalind found herself upright on the box. The carriage was whirl ing along. ' And the reins ! Where were the reins ? Lying across Rex's back. Here was a pretty pass ! 'I wonder if I could clamber on to the pole and reach them?' debated Rosalind. JuBt then a burly .Irishman came out of a shop. He opened his mouth, gave a sorb of wild whoop, rushed forward, and made a 'snatch at Regina's bridle. He missed his aim. The horses shied, and tore along. Half a dozen boys set up a bewildered shout. 'Head'em off !' 'Ketch the young lady 1' . 'Runaway !' The cries grew rapidly fainter as the horses tore alone1. Aunt Hannah's dignity vanished. Her head came into violent contact with the side of the coupe, which, in spite of its padding, bruised her unmercifully, 'Hand me your umbrella!' Rosalind's voice sounded through the broken glass. Aunt Hannah collected her wits and obeyed. Rosalind lowered the hook on the umbrella handle towards the reins. Rex bounded as he felt the stick fumbling across his back. Cautiously Rosalind fished for the' lines. She twisted the umbrella once and again to make sure her hold. Then she drew it slowly upward. One wrong movement and the reins would drop out of her reach. She caught them just as the coupe dashed round a corner at a sharp angle. It balanced itself on two wheels, gave a violent lurch, and righted itself. Rosalind wrapped the lines around her hands, braced her feet, and tugged. She might as well have tried to stop the stars in their courses as to check the frenzied horses. 'All I can do is to guide them,' thought Rosalind. . Another man thought he could rescue the perishing. 'I meant to hit 'em a blow acrost the chist and knock the wind out of 'em.' That was his intention. What he did was to bring his stick with a tremendous thwack across Rex's fore legs. That was the last straw. Rex took his bit between his teeth and flew. The traces held. The pole was tough, 'Mount Joy !' thought Rosalind. If she could, by any possibility, head the creatures for that steep ascent there might be hope. She jerked the left rein and Regina swerved, pulling Rei in the same direction. Then, of their own will, they made a curve, dashing across Squire Blaokmore's splendid new lawn, still soft from recent sodding. They left it behind torn and scarred by dents of hoofs and wheel ruts. Old Squire Black more, waiting about his grounds, barely escaped destruction from the whirling wheels. Aunt Hannah at one window cried piteously . for 'Help!'' Tadgers howled at the other. Rosalind, white and cold, headed Regina for Mount Joy. They were racketing along through a region of tenement houses. There was a frightful commotion. Hens squawked, dogs barked, babies came within an inch of sudden death, women shrieked, men shouted, boys yelled. 'Mount Joy! Mount Joyl:- gasped Rosa lind. They had nearly reached Mount Joy. Just at its foot they must cross - the electric-car track, and if she could not keep the coupe at right angles to the iron rails the sadden twist would send the driver into space. That she knew. Suddenly the air was rent with a clang. It was the brazen gong of the electric car coming round the corner. There was a brief moment of horror. Rosalind shut her eyes. There was a shriek of terror, not from her, but from the cardriver. A hideous scraping noise. The car had actually grazed the coupe as it bounded across the track. Then Rosalind, still grasping the reins, knew the horses were plunging up the hill. For forty feet they kept full speed, then the grade became steeper. Regina was drawing sobbing breaths. Rosalind sawed on the bits. Another twenty feet and the run had become a gallop. Twenty more and the gallop slackened to a canter — to a fast, then a Blower trot. The summit reached, the horses stood still. The sweat poured down their flanks : foam flecked their breasts ; their chests heaved convulsively; they trembled in every limb. Three miles had they run. 'In eight minutes,' calculated Rosalind, looking at the clock on the observatory which crowned the hill. Limp with terror Great-aunt Hannah tumbled out of the coupe, her portentous blauk plumes shaking with agitation. Tadgers's eyes were nearly popping out of his head. Two strong men seized each a horse's bridle. 'Theyrll— stand— now,' remarked Rosalind. There she sat ; har hair streamed down her back — her hat had blown off long ago— but she was quite herself. ' If you will go into that apothecary's shop, Aunt Hannah, I will send a livery hack for you,' she said. ' I must drive home or mother'll be frightened out of her wits.' The group of men which had collected remonstrated, every member. In vain. 'You can sit up here by ray side if you choose,' said Rosalind to Mr. Tate, the observatory- keeper. I should be— pleased with— your company— but /shall drive.' So she did, the entire length of the town — hatless, dishevelled, but quite at her ease. The exhausted horses were like lainb.«. People turned to stare, but no one molested the returning chariot. Ab her own gate Rosalind found John, as white as a ghost, in company with her terrified family. 'Don'b be alarmed,' she called out. They lifted her down, and Kitty called for a glass of water. *? What do I want of that ?' askedRosalind. ' Do you think I'm such a goose as to faint? Will eome one go for Great- aunt Hannah? She's at Millet's drug store on tbe top of Mount Joy.' Kitty was weeping hysterically. 'Oh, Rose, I should have flown into inch pieces !' she sobbed. ' That's the good of being— slow,' remarked Rosalind. 'You don't fly into inch pieces if you're— sloio.' She laughed good-naturedly, 'You're of more-^usem an— emergency if you're— slow,' she added. Tom's two handB were ob her enouldere, He gave her a shake, did Tom ; he was so relieved he must vent his emotions, and of course he couldn't cry. ' You're a trump, Rosy !' he said, huskily. 'You're a diamond! But look you here, girl ! I tell you keep out of a carriage until the coachman is on the 6o.t. That's the way to avoid this sort of an emer gency.' 