MARGUERITE'S HERITAGE. CHAPTER V. A STARTLING MEETING. Constance felt as if she could- net endure much more of this kind |of talk ; it chilled and depressed her, and yet she experienced profound pity and sympathy for this beautiful girl who had been forced to learn such lessons of sorrow so early in life. There were tears in her eyes as she lifted to them to the pale, set face, and gently replied : ' I am sure that you must have suffered deeply speak so hopelessly. But do you ever read Southey ? Fe tells us that : 1 " Affliction ia not sont in vain From that good God who chastens whom IIo lovoa But,' she added, more brightly and de termined to change the subject, 1 are you fond of pictures ? Here is a lovely one beside you.' 'Yes, I am very fond of art, and I have some fine paintings that were given to me by an uncle, who was a great traveller," Miss Arnold announced, with something of interest, as she turned to examine the subject referred to. ' This is a Murillo I think,' Constance remarked, going nearer to observe it more closely. ' I saw a good many of his pictures while I was abroad. His colouring is fine, and his subjects always so true to life. Her device proved successful, and they discussed art at some length, for it appeared to be a topic in which Mar guerite took a deep interest. While she had never had the advantages of foreign travel, Constance found her, nevertheless, very intelligent and well informed regarding different masters and their works. Her language was fluent and choice, her manner charmingly easy and self-possessed, showing that she had been most carefully reared and educated yet she never for a moment lost that nameless something which proclaimed that she had drunk to the dregs the bitter cup of sorrow. During their conversation they had drawn a little apart from the crowd of gay people|around them, and were stand ing in the back drawing-room a little be hind the portieres. All at once Constance glanced up and saw her husband approaching. She was facing him. but Miss Arnold was standirg with her back towards him. The young wifi nodded and smiled at him as he drew near. ' I have been looking for you, dear,' Noel said, in a fond, low tone ; then turn ing, he glanced into the face of her com panion. ' Marguerite !' The name burst hoarsely from him, and then he stood gazing at her in speechless and startled amaze, as if he bad been suddenly congealed to stone. CHAPTER VI. "YOUR HUSBAND AND ARE OLD ACQUAINTANCES." Constance Southworth regarded her husband with amazement as he thus familiarly, although in a tone of startled dismay, addressed her companion. The man had suddenly become as colourless as Marguerite herself, whom he regarded with a sort of frightened stare ; the muscles about his mouth twitched nervously, while the shapely hand which hung nearest his wife was convulsively clenched, thus plainly indi cating that it was only by the greatest effort that he managed to preserve even the semblance of composure. Bewildered, and with a strange sinking at her heart, Constance turned her gaze from him to Marguerite. But the fair face, although a trifle paler than she had yet seen it, was un ruffled and inscrutable — it might have been sculptured from marble, it was so rigidly calm and beautiful. Her great brown eyes were lifted and fixed in a cold, steady stare upon those of Noel Southworth ; her upper lip was slightly curled, just revealing the white, even teeth beneath, and her breath came a little more quickly than was natural ; but by no outward sign did she betray that the sudden appearance of this man had disturbed her in the slighteit degree. Then some movement of the young wife attracted her attention, and she turned her glance upon her. Her face relaxed a trifle from its rigidity, while for an instant two points of flame gleamed in her eyes. Then, with a slight bow of her stately head, she remarked, in .1 perfect natural tone : ' Ah ! Mr. Southworth, you are as tonished to meet nie in New York, and in such a gathering as this — simple country girls do not often find a place in city palaces. Mr;. Southworth' turning again to Constance— 'your hus band and I are old acquaintances. This surprises you, no doubt, but my father having been a clergyman in a pleasant ' summer resort, our acquaintance was . quite extensive among the people who , frequented it. You are looking well, Mr. | Southworth, and I have had a very delightful chat with your charming wife. But I see that Nellie wants me, and I must go to her. Pardon my leaving you so abruptly ; and, Mrs. Southworth, I trust that we may meet again in the near future.' With ancthcr stately bend of her regal head, Marguerite Arnold ttfrned to move away to join her friend, Miss Rainford, who had beckoned to her to come to her. The young husband and wife watched her graceful, willowy figure as it moved slowly down the room, .while there was not the slightest appearance of em barrassment to indicate tnat she had not all her life been accustomed to mingle in the charmed circles of New York's best society. Noel Southworth had not spoken once, save to give utterance to that one word, ',Marguerite.' He had been speechless, tongue-tied, by this sudden apparition, which recalled incidents in his past life which he would have been glad to forget. ' You know her then Noel?' Constance remarked, when she could bear his silence no longer, while she shot aswitt, search ing glance into het husband's still white face. ' Oh, yes ; I met Marguerite Arnold more than two years ago,' the man replied, coming DacK to nimsen witu a start, and trying to speak calmly. 'She is very beautiful,' his wife con tinued, her wistful eyes still studying his .face. He smiled. He was fast rjcovering his self-oosscssion. 1 Does the fact of my having known Miss Arnold in the past trouble you, sweetneart ?' he questioned, in a low, fond tone. ' If wc were at home, I should kiss the clouds from your brow and tell you to have no fear, even though she is, as you say, a very beautiful woman, for my heart is true to you, love. Marguerite Arnold's father was a Presbyterian clergyman in the town of Rosemond, about fifteen miles from New York, where I once spent a very pleasant summer. I attended his church, and, being a- stranger in his congregation, he sought me out and gave mc a cordial invitation to call at his home, where he introduced me to his wife and daughter. I found them a'l very charming people, and saw a great deal ol them during the two months I spent in the town.' 'You called her Marguerite,' said Con stance musingly. ' So I did sweet. Is my little wife getting jealous on account of it ?' Noel queried, with a forced laugh, but flushing slightly as he recalled the shock he had experienced upon being brought so suddenly face to face with this ghost from out the past. ' No, not jealous, Noel, but I was a little surprised to hear you address her so familiarly ; and then you appeared so —so startled upon meeting her.1 'That is true, Constance,' her husband gravely returned, and with, apparent frankness. ' I did address her familiarly, but she was a gay, merry girl when I met her ; I saw a great deal of her, both in her own home and at the picnics, boatimj parties, and various other festivities which filled the summer. Marguerite was a favourite with all, and every one addressed her by her given name ; thus I also fell into the same habit. As to my being startled by her appearance here to night — I confess I was,' Noel Southworth continued, his face clouding, ' for she is greatly changed. Instead of the merry, genial girl of two years ago, she is like some pale statue of grief carved from marble — like Marguerite, indeed, but turned to stone,' he concluded, in an absent tone. ' She has had a great deal of trouble,' Constance observed, the look of appre hension and anxiety fading fcom her face at licr husband's plausible explan ations. ' Yes, I heard that she had lost her father and mother,' Noel replied thought fully. ' That is not all her trouble,' his wife remarked, as she thought that the five months of wearisome nursing during her uncle's illness must have worn upon her strength and spirits even more than the death of her parents. Her husband started and changed colour. ' What do you mean ?' he questioned, searching her face with a keen, anxious glance. ' Miss Rainford told me that|a brother of Mr. Arnold was ill for a long time after she lost her father and mother, and she devoted herself so closely to him that her health nearly gave way before he died.' ' Oh !' said Noel Southworth, with a sigh of relief, ' I had not heard of that, I did not even know that Mr. Arnold had a brother.' ' He was a very wealthy man, and left the whole of his fortune to Miss Arnold for her devotion to him,' Constance explained. A great wave of colour mounted to 1 her husband's brotv, which, fortunately she did no: observe ; then he remarked in a quiet tone : 1 ' Ah ! that explains her presence here I to-night, in such elegant attire. I never saw Marguerite Arnold so beautifully dressed before ; she certainly had exquisite taste, too, and carries herself like a queen,' he added as he turned to observe her again and contemplated her exquisite loveliness, her reposeful manner, and the fluency with which she was conversing with a gentleman who rode upon the topmost wave of New York society. ' And yet,' he concluded, ' there is something very unnatural about her ; I can hardly believe her to be the same girl.' 1 'No ; Miss Rainford says that she is strangely changed— that some people even go so far as to say that her troubles have unsettled her reason ; but if that is the case, she must be perfectly harmless in her mania,' Constance remarked. ' Can that be possible ?' cried her husband, in a startled tone. ' No, it cannot be — I do not believe it !' and he searched the pale, beautiful face with eager interest. It almost seems as if some magnetic force sped from liini to her as he looked, for, at that instant, she lifted her eyes and encountered his glance. A wonderful change occurred in them. The sad, pathetic look died out of them ; the pupils seemed to narrow and contract until they appeared like two points of flame— like the venomous gleam in the eyes of a serpent about to spring upon its prey. Yet not a muscle of the beautiful, statuesque face moved or changed its expression, nor did she pause for an in stant in her conversation, or lose an atom of her self-possession. But Noel Southworth felt as if lie had suddenly fallen under the influence of some weird spell, and, with an eftort, he turned away from the steady gaze, a creeping sense of horror thrilling every nerve in his body. ' Come dear,' he said, with an imnatient shrug of his shoulders, ' we have discussed Miss Arnold sufficiently, I think; suppose you come with me and let (me introduce you to a couple of my friends whom you have never met ; they havjust returnee from Egypt and the Nile, and are full of enthusiasm over their adventures.' He drew Constance's liand within his arm and led her away to another part of the room, where he presented her to his friends, with whom she was soon engaged in an animated discussion. But the doubts and suspicions which had disturbed her were not entirely dis sipated, and several times she found her self searching for tne graceful figure and pale, beautiful face of Marguerite Arncld and wondering if there had ever been anything more than a friendly regard between her and her husband, Then she reproached herself for her doubts. ' I have 110 business to allow myself to be unhappy over what has occurred she urged. Noel may have paid her some attention, and she may have learned to care for him ; but I suppose it ought to be sufficient proof of his love for me that he chose me for his wife instead of her.' Meanwhile Noel Southworth, after in troducing his Yvife to his friends, had made the circuit of the rooms, in hope of seeing something more of Marguerite Arnold. A strange restlessness seemed to possess him ever since he had met those eyes gleamingly fixed upon him with such a blue flame blazing in their depths — since he hal leraned that some people imagined her reason unsettled, and he wished to watch her unobserved, if possible, and convince himself of the truth or falsity of the belief, He knew that there had been a marvellous change in her, although she was even more beautiful now than when he last saw her. ' There never was such a perfect form of such an exquisite face in the world, he murmured, as he s'owly made his way from groupto group in search of lier. But she had disappeared from the drawing-room, although he searched it thoroughly. Neither could he find her in the hall or the music-room, and he began to think that she must have left the house altogether, when it occurred to him to look into an alcove room at the end of the hall, which was separated from it only by portidres of olive plush looped back with golden cords. It adjoined conservatory, into which it opened by the sliding doors of glass. It was most luxuriously furnished and was doubtless intended as a cosy nook for retirement, for reading or for resi. .... A small table of ebony, inlaid with pearls, stood in the centre of the Turkish rug spread over the floor, and upon this rested a curiously wrought bronze lamp, having a crimson shade which castarose- hued glow over everything in the room, while close beside the table was a luxurious chair of olive plush with an enticing little foot-rest to match, and at the back of this there was an inviting couch, where one might lounge or rest if weary. Through the large plate-glass doors, some of which were open, could be seen rare plants and flowers with which the conservatory was filled, and in the midst of them a beautiful fountain was throwing its spray high into the air from the marble basin, which gleamed pure and white amid the dark-green foliage sur- sounding it. Opposite these doors there was an exquisitely carved rosewood mantel, and before this, one elbow resting upon it, her head bent upon her hand — the other clasping her dainty fan, hung idly by her side, stood the woman for whom Noel Southworth was searching To be continued 