TEE SALVATION ARMY. THE SOCIAL ANNUAL. Meetings m connection with the social an-; rmal of Che Salvation army were held on Sun day. The gatherings, which were led by Commissioner Coombs, of Victoria, assisted by Majors Jeffries and Hoskin, and Staff Captains Bennett, of Gawler, and Gallant, of Broken Hill, took place at North Adelaide in the morning, Bowden in the afternoon, and Morphett-street in the evening, all being well attended. The holiness service held in the North Ade laide Barracks wa3 largely attended. Com missioner Coombs, who has done much plat form work, is quite at ease in expounding Bible truth. He oho3e for his morning lesson the 5tli chapter of Ephesians and the 26th and 27th verses — "That he might sanctify and oleanse the church with the washing of water by the word, that He might present it to Himself a glorious church not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish." The Salvation Army, he said, did no appreciate their history enough. More than any other organisation they had been the means of reviving the power of personal testi mony in a present salvation, and they had also been largely used in spreading the doctrine of holy living promulgated by such men a3 Eleteher, Bramwell, and others, and bearing testimony to its power in their lives a3 an accomplished fact. Holiness did not mean angelic perfection, but it meant Christian perfection. There was no necessity for there being any remnants of sin left in the soul. God could deliver completely from the power of sin. Holiness did not mean being Baved from infirmity of body, though the possession of a pure heart would greatly help the body. Sanctification would enable one the better to bear his infirmities j with gladness and magnify the grace of | God. What was wanted was that the soul should be master of the body [ and dominate the fleab. Sanctified people | were not saved from making mistakes, they. J were men still, but filled with the Holy Ghost : and doing the will of God from a pure heart, Christ loved the church that He might sanctify and cleanse it, and it was very easy to believe that one could be holy when he got to heaven. Many believed that they were going to be holy when they died, but the Bible taught, and the experience of many confirmed the truth of it, that holiness was attainable now by renouncing every false way and submitting entirely to the will of God. The address was of an inspiriting character. This evening a " Great rescue demonstration" will be held in the Town Hall, over whioh his Honor Chief Justice Way will preside and will also deliver an address. Commissioner Coombs and Majors Jeffries and Hoskin will also speak on the social work of the armyv Goods manufactured at the Rescue Homes will be on sale at the meeting. Prior to the gathering a •" Huge variety march " will take place, starting from North-terrace at.7 o'clock. All the Adelaide and suburban eorps will take part in this, and as there are 20,000 adherents of the army in this colony the procession should be a long one. 