THE HUNTED HARE, There is a place near our town called Heathfield--a gloomy and solitary, waste. Heathfield was then just such as evil spirits delight' in; where if people really see no thing, it is quite dreary and vast enough to fancy they see a great deal, which in these sort of cases is much the same thing. On Heathfield the devils dance ': I do not know who is the piper, as we have here no Tam o' Shauter to tell us; but I suppose the company are not without musicians to give them a few hints in the " concord of sweet eoande." Now, as the old tale goes, there was, once upon a time-a mole of dating which all tellers of such tales as mine should never fail to employ, as it sets aside any small cavils that might arise from those awk ward points in settling realfacts that depend on chronology-there was, once upon a time, an old woman, and she made a slight mistake, I do not know how, and got up at midnight, thinking it to be morning. This good woman mounted her horse, and setoff, panniers, cloak, and all, on her way to market. Anon she heard a cry of hounds, and perceived a hare rapidly making to wards her. The hare, however, took a turn and a leap; and. got on the top of thehedge, as if it would say : "Come, catch me,"to the old womann.. She liked such hunting as this very well, put forth her hand, secured the game, popped it into her panniers, covered it over, and rode forward. She had not gone far when great was her alarm on perceiving in the midst of the dismal and solitary waste of Heathfield, advancing at full pace, a headless horse bearing a black and grim rider, with horns sprouting from under a little jockey cap, and having a cloven foot thrust into one stirrup. He was surrounded by a pack of hounds, thus noticed by Mary Coiling : "Of hounds on Heathfield seen to rise With hornei heads and flaming eyes." They had, according to tradition, tails too, that whisked about and shone like fire, and the air itself had a strong sulphurous scent. These were signs not to be mis taken, and the poor old woman knew in a moment that huntsman and hounds were taking a ride from the regions below. But it soon appeared that however clever the devil might be, he was no conjurer; for he very civilly asked the old lady if she could set him right, and point out which way the hare was flown. Probably she thought it no harm to return the father of li?s an answer in his own coin, so she boldly gave him a negative; and he rode on, nothing suspecting the cheat. When he was out of sight she soon perceived the hare in the panniers begin to move, when to her utter amazement arose a beautiful young lady all in white, who thus al dressed her preserver--" Good dame. I admire your courage, and thank you for the kindness with which you have saved me from a state of suffering that must not be told to human ears. Do not start when I tell you that I am not an inhabitant of the earth. FJr a great crime committed i during the time I dwelt upon it, I was doomed, as a punishment in the other world, to be constantly pursued either f above or below ground bye evil spirits, I until I could get behind their tails, whilst they passed on in search of me. This diffi cult object, by your means; I have now ] happily effected; and as a'reward for your c kindness I promise that all your hens shall lay two eggs instead.of one, and that 3 your cows shall yield the most plentiful 1 store of milk all the ye.r round; that x you shall talk twice as much as you ever did before, and your husband stand no chance in any matter betwe-n you to be settled by the tongue. But beware of the devil, and don't grumble about tithes; for my enemy and yours may do you an ill turn when he finds out you were clever enough to cheat even him ; rince, like all grea, imposters, he dcer not like to be cheated limself. He can assume all shapes, excepting the lamb and the dove." The lady in white vanished, as all such white ladies ought to do; the old market womanfound the be t passible luck that morning in her traffic; aad to this day the story goes in our town, that from the Saviour of the world having hallowed the form of the lamb, and the Holy Ghost that of the dove, they can never be assumed by the mortal enemy of the human race under any circumstances.-Exchznge. 