. Our Lorian "ïièttër; Queen Anne's ftátejíLondón, October 19,1893. MY DEAR CLARA.-The horn of the hunter is heard on the hill, and autumn joys and glories have set in with great severity. Forest hunting commenced with ." The Queen's" last Monday, and Percy went down of course. The first meet ?was at the Eoyal Hotel, Ascot ; but he tells me the field was not large, and the noble Master, Lord Ribblesdale, did not put in an appearance. The deer waa uncarted at Red Lodge (about three miles from the Heath) and they had a capital run for the poor thing was not caught till somewhere about Bracknell, quite a distance. I don't see any sport in galloping miles after a poor frightened-to-death tame deer, do you ? It's dif- ferent with a fox. Master Reynard is a wild thing and a practical pirate of a most pronounced description, who always pegs away at one's pettest and prettiest poultry. But a poor panting quiver- ing stag, who is taken out and hunted ever so many times in the same season, it's disgusting. I don't wonder there is all this discussion about the abolition of the Royal Buckhounds. They say this is the last year of this noble institution, and a good thing too. # # * Yes, the winter is upon us, and the lampa are lit at 4.30 p.m., and the fog, the cold, damp grey or white> and sometimes yellow fog (through which the lights gleam a dark, dusky red) comes down with dreadful regularity at about the same time. The east wind is blowing, and up and down the cold streets the poor people shume, breathing into their hands, and beating their arms across their chests to keep warm. How glad you should be to live in a land where the sun always shines. The brown leaves are falling, the trees are nearly bare, and we are having fires in every room and in the hall. We have just come in from a drive in the Park. It was very chilly, and we troop upstairs and sit close and warm and cosy and snug in our dressing-room. It is only 5 p.m., but quite dark. The fire roars brightly up tho chimney (they say that is a sign of frost), and while I am writing Delia slips on her gown, lays back in hor " sleepy hollow " chair, and, lazy and luxurious, sips nice warm tea, with a dash of lemon iu it, and dozes off now and then while Louise is brushing her lovely long and brown and bonnie back hair. And so we sit, so still-no sound but the soft swish of the brush, and the ticking of the timepiece, or a cinder falling from the grate-till suddenly, with a hideous racket it seems, the first dressing bell rings. Then it i's all bustle-" And who would have thought it was so late ?" * * * The season will soon be in swing. The theatres are full, and already invitations for lots: of dinners and dances are out. The club houses are opening their sleepy eyes, waking up from their summer somnolence. " The Guards " are back in their own home-it is beautifully decorated, and looks quite-new. They put up at the " new club" in Grafton-street, while their own place was being renovated. *#* "The Bachelors," you know, that dreadfully exclusive crowd that I told you about last season, where every married lady visiting them is sup- posed to carry about with her her legal license in case of any dispute arising, &c.; Well, they have issued invitations for a great party and dance, and we are all going, and are looking for- ward to having areal time. # * # Hampton Court Palace is haunted! and every night, at the witching hour, is seen a gruesome The South London Fine Art Gallery. wLgm¡-Henry V III., with all his wives, following in Indian file, Annie Boleyn being the most con- spicuous, carrying her head under her arm in orthodox ghostly fashion. The procession is brought up by Katherine Parr, laughing and chuckling with the headsman; and through the palace stalks this ghastly, grisly,, ghostly crowd, and all the people that therein do dwell are nearly mad with fear, and nine good looking housemaids have given notice, and all the policemen and militiamen in the vicinity are in.despair. A Boyal Commission has been sug- gested, for it is felt that these ghosts of high degree cannot be dealt with in the common or garden ghost manner. There was a talk of send- ing for Mr. Stead, and his Julia, but it was feared . that the editor of the " Review of Reviews" might he too sévère in his inquiries, and that the ghostly, ladies would not like this and might do him some damage. There are no visitors (except great. groups of disengaged actors who love nothing so well as seeing the ghost walk), and it is feared that the palace may ultimately lapse into a suburban retreat of the Psychical Research Society. Meanwhile the ghosts crowd all up the picture gallery stairs. There is no room to pass after 12.30 a.m., and the hoiisemaids refuse to withdraw the notices. # * Do you like an up-to-date story ? Here is one : "Well," said the father to a fellow clubman, "what to do I don't know; my daughter has fallen in love with young Preston. He's of a good family, but there is no money; while there's Hardring, the millionaire, who loves her to dis- traction, and who is ready to settle ¿61000 a year The New Public Library, Camberwell. on her. What ought a fellow to do ? I am sure I don't know." " Don't know ?" said the friend ; rubbish ! In these hard times of finance be a man of the world, my boy, and make her marry Hard ring, and then if she likes to take her hook with the scion of the noble house, it needn't cost you anything." # , ; I have got the most delightful bit of scandal for you, perfectly and awfully thrilling, a real sensation. You know I told you last week that H.R.H., and the Duke and Duche°s of York went. to Peckham and opened the South London Pine Art Gallery, and the new public library, Camber- well. Well, shortly before the Royal visitors were expected to arrive,. a lady in the crowd, attired in mourning and deeply veiled, became extremely agitated, making hysterical and indiscreet reference to the recent marriage of the Duke of York, in connection with certain unpleasant rumors that were afloat at the time, and treating the matter for some reason, as a personal grievance. Fortunately, before public attention was attracted by ber observations, ber friends who were present were able to induce her to retire quietly ; in fact, so dexterously was this accomplished that the little incident was witnessed by very few, and the ceremony, which took place shortly afterwards, proceeded without any awkward contretemps. It is said, by those who are supposed to be " in the know," that a previous attempt at a public demonstration was made a few months ago, but was foiled. The unhappy lady, who is well con- nected, is now lying dangerously ill of meningitis ; it is said that her reason is despaired of. Now, isn't that too lovely and romantic; but I don't believe a word of it, do you The winter season of the Crystal "Palace" Saturn day Concerts-has commenced, and Mr» Mann, - compassionate in his old age, doth not scorn the young JSnglish, composer. \ And there took place at Sydenham the first performance of Mr. Godfrey Pringle's (" Godfrey Pringle" is not a good com- bination; is it ? The front name is all right, but " Pringle "-dreadful) "Ballad for Orchestra." It was supposed to illustrate Uhland's " Durand," but '. it. . was only a supposition, and was chiefly remarkable for its distinct Maseagni-i'tepro- clivities and three trombones. " The Apostrophe To-Night," from Wagner's "Tristan," was also on the programme, and here Mr. Mann showed i*eal judgment. He gave the voice parts to a cornet and a tenor trombone, and for once the vocal line made some [headway against the amazing and incessant noise of the orchestra. In these days of advanced mijisic how onè'does somer times hunger for the despised and delicious melodies, and the monotonous " tum tum " of the Rossinian school. If we could only go back to the placid days of the harpsichord and the spinnet (so different to the nowadays), in which the tenderest emotions can only be fittingly pourtrayed through the medium of four trom- bones, and the heart beats of the emotional heroine are signified by fearful and simultaneous blows on four big drums. # # ' * Did you recollect the 6th of this month was the anniversary of the death of England's greatest poet and sweetest singer of the 19th century ? We oould not resist the occasion. . We made a pilgrimmage to the Abbey, and laid a wreath on the grave of Tennyson. c Papa went to the funeral of Ford Madox Brown. He was buried at Finchley last Wednesday. The Academy, which neglected him all his life, was consistent, and did not pay him any respect when d^ad, the only member that attended being Mr. Alina Tadema. Mr. àud Mrs. Holman Hunt were there, hut Mrs. Hunt did not get out of the carriage. There was no re- ligious service, but an address by an American lecturer, rather after the Colonel Ingersoll model, but nothing in it to shock the old-fashioned prejudices of anyone present. Among those standing bareheaded round the grave were Mr. W. W. Rossetti, Mr. Cave Thomas, Mr. F. Gr. . Stephens, Mr. J. P. Seddon, Mr. Theodore Watts, and Mr. Harry Quilter. # # # "Utopia Limited" is doing great business at the Savoy ; but for the public the pith of the attraction is in the old alliance. " Gilbert and Sullivan" is a wonderful watchword, and will call . .??"?- » together the theatre-goers in their myriads. The .music, is delicious, and in some parts Sir Arthur seems to have been in his best and most humorous mood. Asked if a certain thing " is the fashion at St. James's jp" the reply is, "Yes, at St. James's Hall ;" and then there is a great burst of ** Johnny, Get YourGnn " from the band and a. shriek bf laughter from the audience. The score is full of funny bits likè this. Mr. Gilbert is of course always brighjb and sparkling and amusing, but he repeats himself so much, both in lines and " business." I think we have all seen something like this before-it is a real " Gilbertian trio" from the the second act of f Utopia." I , send you a lovely suggestion or' idea.. Of course now that the Duchess of Edinburgh is a reigning Princess any. anecdote of her manners and customs must have an added interest. The Duchess is very fond of a certain little summer villa at Rosenau, and when there she has 5 O'clock tea on the lawn every day, and for tea she has* amongst^ Other things large baked potatoes " in their jackets !" Now, don't you think you could electrify or paralyse your euphonious Potts's Point with something in the same style. .. .*#* -. Lord and Lady Carrin gton have been entertain- ing a large house party at Wycombe Abbey. :Lord Carrington is now " on tour " with the Welsh Land Commission j and is staying at "Baron Hill," near Beaumaris, Wales, with Sir Richards Williams Berkeley. #' # # The first night of the new piece at the Prince of Wales was rather sensational. Mr. George Edwards, who combines with the softness of the; dove the wisdom of the serpent, caused it to be known all over town (ás a profound secret, of: course) that " Tho Gaiety Girl " had been refused, a licence. I believe it is a very generally known weakness with that young person not to< ask for that sorj; of thing but to give it. When the dreadful news spread all the " chappies " and. the "johnnies," and, in fact, everybody, was in. despair. But, oh, joy ! at the last moment the' ban was lifted and the performance was to take place, and Coventry-street was a sight, in a state of siege hours before the doors opened. The piece went very well, but now every lady seems much disappointed, for the lines were not at all indis- creet, and the much-talked-of bathing dresses are felt to be an imposition, for, though pretty, they are absolutely proper. But there is a dance by Miss St. Cyr which is simply-well, tliere. * * # The topsy turvey tarantelle in " Little Christo- pher Columbus " has caught on, and is a sensa- tion. I hear there is to be a movement organised in a certain section of the monde to retire to " fix up" during this number of the opera, for it is found to be " not at all nice, don't you know," by ladies whose ability to appreciate the nieceness of anything is of the most limited description. * # # There is to be some innovations in the music hall world. The Empire and the Trocadero are both to give " Bowdlerized " matinees, with all the usual objectionable features " eliminated "-I believe that is the correct expression-and the perform- ance will be of a nature to afford Mrs. Grundy, Mr. Gilbert's " young lady of 15," and Mr. McDougall (of the London Country Council) un- limited and unalloyed satisfaction. This is felt to be a step in the right direction, and the concession is much appre- ciated, especially by young ladies from the country, who will now stand a chance of personally realising the sort of things they read about but so very seldom see. It is thought that .in time these matinees may have a serious effect on the attendance at Madame Tussaud's Waxworks, especially if the management are thorough in The Grave of Tennyson. I! I their desire to amuse the rising generation, and jp advertise a reduction in the admission, " for ; ? schools and governesses." In fact, practical j people think it would pay to let the governesses i in for nothing. # # « # j-. Good bye, love, take care of yourself and Jdon't | foreret your cousin . _KATK I ' * i 