A Commercial Traveller's Tale. THE following amusing narrative i adapte i from a story which appear« some, years ago in the daily press. A commercial traveller, on his bus ness rounds, came to one of the lar£ Yorkshire towns, where lie foun upon his arrival, that the time whic under a lapse of memory, he_ hf chosen for his visit, was most ino; portune. ' The races -were on ;' ai: every house of accommodation wi crowded to excess. Upon applicatic to the landlady of the hotel where 1 had been in the habit of staying, 1 was informed that every bed in tl premises had been bespoken for week before his coming ; and mo; than this, that even the very floo and tables of the dining-room wou be burdened at night with racin¡ men and weary pleasure-seekers. ' We arc; extremely sorry, sir,' sa Mrs. Boniface, 'that we cannot r ceive you, an accustomed patron i the house ; but under existing ci cumstances it is impossible that v can. But,' she added, ' I will give ye the names of some persons in tl town who let rooms, and perha] you will find among them some 01 who can put you up-at least, I hoi so.' Our friend took the list of nami with a rueful face, and at once Si about the discovery of a place of re for tho night. But all his sean was fruitless. Every bed and po sible ' shake-down' in tho whole di trict was pre-engaged; and if 1 would remain in town he must wal the streets until morning. But soom than do this, he resolved to return i Iiis good landlady of former day and cast himself upon her benevolei contrivance .and sympathy. ' Upon my word, sir,' she said, 'ye greatly .distress and puzzle- me. really don't know where in the wor! I caii put you.' But after thinkir. for a mollien t, she asked: 'Will ye consent to occupy tho hostler's roon sir ? It stands in tho back part < the premises ; and iiorhnps we cou! manage to make it-at least in som degree-comfortable.' Tho taivellc thanked her warmly, and declare that the accommodation she spoil of was the very thing under tho ci cumstances. In about half lin hour, the hostie was called, and to take a hinter and conduct the gentleman to h bedroom. The way proved to L across a large yard in tho rear of th inn, up a step-ladder, along a narro1 boarded passage, then up three stair and iinally through a doorway int the sleeping apartment. Our trave 1er found, upon looking around, thu good use had been made of the hall hour ho had been kept waiting, J carpet had been put on the floor blankets and sheets were unoxcci tionablo. ' Good-night, sir,' said tho hostlei setting down his lantern, to furn isl some light. ' I hope you'll sleep wei sir; and indeed, I think you'll nave . better chance of doing so here thai the gents in the house-you're iiwn; from thc noise ; and in times lik these, tho streets all night aro any tiling but quiet. It was late in tho autumn of th' year-tho nights were long-and oui friend, rather tired, soon fell asleep and did not wake until tho gra; dawn of tho morning, and not ovoi then, had ho not been aroused bi some one coming along the oute passnge with a heavy step, an« entering his bedroom. Turninf round in his blankets to leai-n wh< ?was tho intruder, ho perceived i man, tall, gaunt, and grim, his throa bare, the sieeves> of his shirt turnee up, and his hair all unkempt ant standing upright in the most disor dered manner. Tho dark figure drew near the traveller's bed, stoopec over him, and peered down closely 5n tho dim light, evidently anxious tc find out if the person lying then was awake. Perceiving that this was tho case, our traveller saw him in tho dusky light, draw himsel: upright in the room, then solemnlj raise one arm, extend it, and poiul with his hand through the window to a place outside ; after which, mort impressively still, ho slowly recoverer the extended limb, and motioned with his forefinger three times across his throat. This done, tho strange apparition abruptly departed, his feel sounding as distinctly Upon the floor anel step-ladeler on his going out, as they had been heard to do when he came in. Tho commercial travoller was not a nervous man, and ho had know- ledge, more or less, of tho strange occurcnces and rough usages of thc world. Yet, this dark, grotesque, and absolute silent intruder, and his most singular gestures, did not strike him as altogether pleasant or agree- able ; and he would much rather not have been disturbed in such an unsea- sonable and unwarrantable manner, He would, however, take no action in tho matter-at least for the pre- sent. Indeed, he felt himself power- less to do this in this lonely part of the premises. But he woulel certainly, ?when ho got up, make complaint to Mrs. Boniface of tho way in which ho had been annoyed. Fixing this pur- pose in_ his mind, our isolated loclger took himself again to slumber, and had almost re-entered tho land of dreams, when, both to his vexation and alarm, tho footsteps he had pre- viously hoard, again sounded upon his ears-the same firm anel mea- sured tread-and soon his former visitor repeated his mysterious intru- sion. This time, the gaunt figure looked agitated and angry, and to our tra- veller's amazement and fear, carried in his right hand a large, long, anel gleaming knife. Pointing his limul m a similar direction as before, he shook his grizzly henel, and violently winked Ins eyes and stamped his foot ; yot uttered noyer a word, but kept perfectly silent ; and conchideil , his wild actions by drawing, not his finger, but the, hugo knife, deter- minedly and slowly, across Iiis exposed throat. After this ghastly pantomine, a second timo ho took his ii ... . -, leave, proceeding along the narrow i floored passage, and down the step- i ladder to the inn-yard. The mun before whom this awful dumb - show had been performed, crouched and trembled in his bed. He had often heard of spectral and supernatural appearances, and had affected to laugh at those who declared they believed in them. But was not_ this, after all,, an unearthly visitation ? It looked extremely like it. He would not, however, fully conclude that he hud really seen au apparition ; yet he would guard against a third invasion of this uncanny guest. He would do, what he now remembered he had unfortunately hitherto neglected lie would fasten the door of his room, and thus put a stop to any f ur ther ingress. To his disappointment, however, when he came to secure his room door, he found that, it was destitute of all fastenings. Feeling with his fingers, in the dim twilight, no lock, nor bolt, nor bar could lie discover. Here was a desperate fix ; and what plan for his safety could he now resort to ? Thinking rapidly over the matter, nothing better, it seemed to him, remained to be done, than to roll his bedstead head - foremost against the door, and thus effectually Mock up all means ot' entrance. Luc- kily the bedstead was upon casters, it was therefore easily moved ; so that our friend had no difficulty in carrying out his scheme ; and re- turned once move to bed, somewhat moro certain of immunity of intru- sion. Ile could uot, however, settle himself for further sleep ; he had been too much disturbed and unnerved for additional repose, so lie resolved to lie awake in his bed until broad daylight. A quarter of an hour had but barely passed, when our traveller for tho third time heard the same foot- steps approaching his bedroom. He felt somewhat calm mid indifferent, however ; for had lie not rendered his apartment completely impreg- nable ? But short- lived was this feel- ing of coniidence ; for in a few min- utes the steps had reached his door, and he heard hands moving over and pressing hard against it. Then a violent push was made, and after that, another and another, till the bedstead, on its two facile casters, was driven back into the middle of the floor. Again, his dread visitor approached him, and with tenfold added horrors ; for his face and hands were smeared with blood, as was also tho knife which, on his second coming, he had curried. Holding it as before in his right hand, he drew the crimson stained weapon for the second time across his throat, repeat- ing tho action once, twice, and thrice ; and again shook'ominously his dishevelled locks ; and turning upon Iiis heel with a, look of angry portent, left tho apartment. Our traveller was almost sick with terror; he shook in every limb, while the cold perspiration oozed from every pore of his body. He was an unbeliever in apparitions no longer. He could not stand out against positive proof, and here he had tho clear and certain and re- peated demonstration of his bodily senses. When he judged tho spectre quite gone and the coast clear, ho rose, and hastily dressed himself, rushing down the step-ladder, and into tho inn, where ho roused tho whole inmates of the house with his cries that some dreadful tragedy had been committed on tho pre- mises, and that every effort should bo made to discover and arrest the murderer. So much for tho ghost; and now for the laying of it. It turned out, upon inquiry, that the gaunt and grotesquo figure which had haunted our traveller was only tx poor dumb lad, who was accustomed to help the hostler to kill pigs. On this morning three of these animals had to meet the common doom of their kind. The first visit of the lad to our travellei-'s room M'as to inform his comrade who, ho kn CM', usually slept there that tho hour M'as como for their deadly M'ork, intimating tho manner of it by tho three passes of his finger across his throat. Upon leaving the room, and finding, after duo interval, that the hostler-as he took our tra- veller to be-had not arisen for his task, ho returned the second time, angry that his call had not been obeyed, and took the slaughtering knife M'ith him, as a token and sign of "what the lazy hostler had to do. By the timo of his third visit to the room, he had himself done the M'ork of death without the aid of his fel- low, and he brought tho blood-stained knife to signify as much ; and also in dumb- show to say: 'You may now lie in your bed there for another hour or tM-o, if you like; but it has been too bad of you to leave all this troublesome piece of butchor's-work to me.' We aro sorry M'O cannot add that the traveller was quite pleased either with himself or M'ith the explanation of his fright; for he felt that ho had cut rather a sorry figure in tho early morning ; and he could not help ob- serving that those M'honl ho had aroused M'ith his clamour and terror were slipping back to their rooms with much louder indications of mer- riment than our hero could properly appreciate. He took an early train out of the town, not even troubling his landlady to make breakfast for him. Wo most heartily recommend WOLFES ScnxAPrs ns a puremvigorant, good alike to men, women and even infants. It tones and braces up tho system and aids digestion. One pound orders are placed under tho labels of miiny of thc largo bottles. To secure tho fgenuine article buy a wholo bottle, and don't ie imposed upon by imitations. WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS is a well known and well tried stimulant, and was sold ilfty years ago by chemists as a tonic.*.* Sympathy is duo to an energetic Unionist who nt the recent election was endeavouring to secure tho vote of an aged elector. " No," was tho reply, " I won't vote for tho Con- servatives, because they make you marry your first wife's sister, and I've had as much as I could ' bear with the old woman her- self. ? , ? 