Ihe Storyteller. | WITHOUT AND WITHIN. ; CHAPTER V. fj HI'TINO THE 'EARTHLY HOUSE* IN ORDER. (Continuei.) ' It is to be hoped he does/ . ' Yonr name's Frost, is it. I wonder if your family came aboriginally from Rixbury V ' Indeed, ma'am. I do not know.' ' Well, I used to know a Frost there^and I really believe I see a likenesi to him in your liniments. Poor man I how he nsed to ?nffer with the bro wn- creeturs i fiat he's diseased now ; he diseased six years ago. 1 1 beg your pardon, bat what did yon say ha suffered with P \- The brown-creeturs— in his throat. I remember holding bis head once, for Dr. Smith to barn them ont with acrostics.' Here abused gravity gave way, and, rush ing to the window, I leaned far ont, and tried to mask my laughter with a eough. 1 Goodness gracious !, pursued Miss .Rust, I hope you haven't any infection of the lungs — newmony, or what not. But if yon have, I've got a proscription that Dr. Bird calls a ' perfect pacific ' for it ; I'll send it to you. There's nothing like taking a cough by the firelock. I've saved lots of people from digestion of the lung's with that proscription.' I felt what horrible indecorum it was, but I continued to shake with silent laughter until the tears came. My gravity would ucarcely have beon routed so completely, but for the suddenese and unexpectedness of the attack upon it. Not nntil the paroxysm had worn itself ont, could I adventure to face Miss Lavinia's vocabulary. Then , I turned, and said, ' Now' I am ready to help you, whenever you please. 'Laws I you don't look as if you could help a butterfly brash his wings, fiat looks is deceitful ; I've seen a good many women that looked as if a good gusto of wind would blow them out of consistence, who could stand more than I could. I s'pose it's the sperit that does it. Speritoas strength goes a good way sometimes.' Misi Bust then addressed herself to her task with -uch vigour and skill, that my share of the labor was next to nothing. Meanwhile, the swilt stream of her talk ran in and oat among the lights and shadows of Shiloh's social life, bearing an odd company of dismembered and mismatched derivatives on its meandering flow. It suflered no interruption, until — seeing her r about to uncover the lair, statuenqne form ' ,: of the dead girl more than teemed to be need V ful— I seized her arm with a sudden ejtoula 1 tion; when she dropped her napkin, and f f looked around startled and scared. ' c - ' What is it?' she faltered. ' Have you (r seen a sperit ?' /si ?No, ma'am. Pardon me, but is that disrobing really necessary ? Do yon think ' .^ She would like it ?' ? I The good woman looked intensely dis ~ gucted, and her head jerked violently. ' I ' t don't mean to dis-rub her,' said she, shortly. '* I ' I* shall wash her as caret ully as if she was a 1 baby. And I never heard of enterring a '.' corpse without washing it. I think the ri.'i body ought to be putrified from earthly irrup r tion, after its dead, just to show that we \' believe oar Saviour will dojjas much for the '? sonl.' '', I drew back, satisfied to find that , then? V Was a latent beauty and fitness in her pro i ceediog— mortified, too, that' I had' been ? blind to the spirital analogy which was. so '2 plain to this oncoutb, illiterate, absurd old lfl tnaid. i ) When all was done, and the fair ' earthly i loose ' draped in white— to typify those !' robes of righteousness which I trusted Christ \ Would fold around the liberated soul— I went I out to a small strip oi carelessly-cultivated ' n ground called a garden, where I had seen I. from the window a few flowers struggling in 'ftbe embrance of numberless lnsty weeds. ,- Hear by I discovered Mr. Warren, seated on :- a fallen fence, with that drooping head,, and I' \ nerveless frame, so expressive of bitter, ': hopeless Borrow ; so, after gathering all the I3 white blossoms. I could find, ,1 wont op to 'him— i ? ' May God, who has sent this sorrow upon ''you, sir, send unto you ' also, the' Holy Ghost \1 the Comfortor !' , .? 'What's the use. of talking' to me in that ij Wfty 7 y°u Know I don't' believe it,' he -;)' answered, without stirring. e 'lam sorry for it, sir. Those who do, j,, never feel suoh bitterness of grief as you are l'j! now indulging.' ?? ;-? '^ ' How do you know 7— lifting his bead. i Seeing that he was inolined to talk, I sat i' down near him, and began tying my flowerB £ together 'as I answered—' I do know, sir. 15 Wbeu'my father died), he was all that I bad ; he '.' bad been my mother, and sister, and brother for 1 jreirs. Yet I was helped to see that God .*' did righteously in taking him unto Himself, '?! And to endure my loss with patience.' \- Mr. Warren, (angrily). He did not do I tight in taking my Maggie 1 ib I. It seems to me that even human it wisdom might teach you that you are possibly r wrong there. Has life been ao invariably \- pleasant to you, that you must needs feel it i to be a wrong to ftfaggie tbat she is spared the burden and beat of its full day ? ikve a you never seen girls who have lived to amg \ on a blighted, braised existence, or wbo have I Bone grievoasly astray, or have beoome 3 negleoted, ill-used, cowed, and heartbroken i wives f He dropped hit laee .in his hands. Per haps the crashed and hopeless expression of I his own wife's meek fsee rose before him. ?' Bit he straggled with the feeling, whatever II i) was, and overoame it. ( ' What yon say may be rrne,' shid he, ' but ] life Is. very sweet to them all, nevertheless. 1 No matter how braised and broken the heart, l. it continually sends forth new shoots. No 1 natter how dark the sky, there is still light ' enough for us to behold nature and art, and * to enjoy them. * Am I not a striking 1 example of this fact ? Blasted and marred ) from my cradle— a laughing-stock to some, : an eyesore to others, a olog and a mortifica. £ tion to myself— I still cling tonaoionsly to I life ; tasting lingoringly its swoet, and : ignoring its bitter, as best 1 may. . Ah ! ! why was it made so bitter, when it wan forced I upon me without my seeking it ? Why was I it made so swoet, since it will be taken from ' me, sooner or later, without asking my '? consent?' ' ' \- I. The sweet and tbe bitter have their ; uses, I think. The bitter helps us to uoder ? stand what a life of, endless sin and woe would be, and leads us to avoid it. The sweet makes ns the more eager to lay hold upon that ' far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory' tbat shall be revealed. Mr. W. (looking at me searchingly). Tell me honestly, Miss Frost, do you never have any doubts of the troth of the things tbat yon talk about so glibly ? I Yes, sir, now and then. Mr. W. (triumphantly). Ah ! I thought so Well, what do you do with them 7 I. Sometimes, I just quietly lay them aside. And on the morrow, when I look for them, lo 1 they aro gone ! Mr. W. But tbat is a pure act of the will. ? i ?? ?- I. Well, what was the man's will given him for, if it was not to, help. him to resist evil, and hold fast tbat which is good ? Mr. W. But is not. a man's reason that part of him which constitutes his superiority over tbe brutes ? '-. I. No moro than hiB conscience, I think. : Mr. W. Well, I hardly think his con ssienee would justify him in using his will in opposition to his reason. : I. Not so fast, sir, You assume that reason and reasoniog are synonyma. If you h»d Heard as many polemics as I have, you would hardly eupouso that view of them. And I hold it to be a far more reasonable act for a man to plant himself firmly on tbat faith which, in his best and soberest mouds, both his reason and his conscience have approved, saying, ' Here I stand, though the earth reel, and the heavens fall,' than it is weakly to suffer himself to be knocked about by every wind of doctrine, and every wave of doubt, or to be led by tho nose by every wila of the devil. Mr. W. But how do you know that the doubt is not the true thing 1 1 I. Bocaune doubt is not the normal con* dition of the mind, nor the spirit in which life's economy must be carried on. If you doubt your food, yon starve ; if you doubt nature, yon reap no harvests ; if '.you doubt love, you ? live and die alone. Moreover, to doubt an error is not to gain a truth. For, when tbe truth is possessed, error is known for itself, and doubt is gone. This is the weak point in scepticism : it proves nothing, it only denies. There is no rest in it. Mr. W. (frankly). You are right there. When once a man begins to doubt, there is no telling where he will stop. He doubts his friends, his neighbors, himself ; he doubts motives, means, aims ; he doubts his own senses ; he get* to doubt his own being ; the ground slides continually under his feet, like quicksands. But is it always possible to will doubt away ? I I Perhaps not, sir any more than it is possible to will sorrow away. It is right that some doubts should be solved. Others must be borne for a time, as sorrow must be borne. In such cases, there is the same remedy for doubt tbat there is for sorrow prayer. And although the prayer may not at once solve the one or move the other, — since God, seeing not as man sees but into the depths *of life, may discern tbat it is needful to 'discipline and to instruct even by these stern teachers, — yet the fervent, humble prayer will sustain tho heart undor the sorrow, and enable the reason to endure the doubt. Mr. W. (turning away with a disappointed air.) I hoped your remedy would' be more real and efficacious. [To be continued.] 