LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TOESDAY, (JCTOBEK 3. The President (Sir Henry Ayers) took the chair at '2 p.m. THE HON. W. COPLEY AND THE EVENING J01TRN-A T.. The Hon. W. COPLEY complained of three Crumbs which appeared in laat Wednes day'si^MiiiufifJ'ourna/.whiohspokeofaprooosal to reduce salaries of fiLOO, aud including his nwneasone who had voted for such a reduc tion. He did nod vote for auoh a reduction ; mfacb, it was nob proposed, as the proposal was to reduce all ealariea above £1GO, and the particular reduction proposed only amounted to 25s. a year. Thb remarks he objected to had been circulated in his district, where they wero calculated to do him injury. , RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE VERMIN COMMISSION. Tha CHIEF SECRETARY, to tho Hon. E. Ward, said the Governmunt would intro duce the necessary nioasure to give effect to the reoommendatiiona of the Vermin Commis sion so soon as the state of the public business in another branch of the Legislature would permit. CONSTITUTIONAL POINTS. The CHIEF SECRETARY, in reply to three of the questions of whiuu the Hon. Dr. Campbell had given notice with regard to the constitutional poins as to the need for the reservation of the Pubho Salaries Bill containing a clause deal inp* with the Governor's aalary, said : — 'These are questions involvi% argument and opinion, to which tho Government re spectfully decline to reply, on tho ground that to do so would bo contrary to the practice of Parliament (see May's Practice pf Parliament;, edition 18s3, page S53). The CHIEF SECRETARY, to the Hon. Dr. Campbell, who called attention to the reserved Bill, No. 4 of 1S71, on the South Australian Statute-book, said tho Government was not aware of any law restricting the free interchange of products and manufactures between the Australian Colonies and New Zealand, and compelling them to impose the Bame duties upon all imports. In reply to the question as to why the Bill waa disallowed, the Chief Secretary Baid the eorrespondouce upon the subjoot wa3 conducted by the Governor, and waa nob in possession of the Government. The Governmont could not say what action was taken to remove the restriction for the earns reason as the tirati three questions were not answered. Tho fourth part of this question ran — ' In view of the ' autonomy' and 'free Constitution' enjoyed by South Australia, and the fact thus the section of Act 13 nnd 11 Viet., c. 50, prohibit ing differential duties, was not incorporated in the South Australian Constitution Act, why waa it neceaaary for tha Imperial Parlia ment to amend the Imperial law in respect to Customs duties in the Australian Colonies before South Australia could act otherwise than aa enacted by that law?' Tho answer waa— 'The Government do not consider that any such amendment! was necessary so far as South Australia wa8 concerned.' TheCHfEf SECRETARY told the Hon. Dr. Campbell that tho Queen had power to disallow Acts passed by the South Australian Parliament and assented to by the Governor, by 5 and i- Vic, c. 7'!, section 32. That) power had been exercised eince the passing of the Constitution Act, by disallowing an Act to Amend tho Marine Board Act, No. 17 of 1S64, the Federal Council Ae6, No. 10 of 1S67, and an Act to Amend the Marine Board and Navigation Act of 181)1. Tha question as to whether the Queen had power to issue instruc tions to the Governor of South Australia to reserve Acts other than thoae which the Con stitution Act provided should be reserved in volved argument and opinion to which the Government respectfully declined to reply, on the ground that to do so would be 'contrary to the practioe of Parliament. SUCCESSION DUTIES BILL. Third reading. The Hon. R. C. BAKER opposed the third reading. The Government) had placed every obstacle in the way of showing that the Bill waa a revenue -producing one, which they claimed. His groat objection to tho Bill was that property was to be taxed twice over for the same reason, viz., the death of the owner. That would be the effect) of clause 7, which ' would be altogether unworkable, and there was no indication of by what) mode the Bill intended to impose taxation on foreign proper ties which came within the scope of thatclauoe. A custom which had worked well and had passed into international law was that; when anybody died tho whole of his personal pro perty was situated in tho country in which he w»a domioiled, mid this Bill sought to alter that Eyst«m. (Hear, hear.) This was the very first attompt amongst natioa3 to depart from that international practice. If a man died Eay in one of tho othor Australian Colonies, by the law of that colony, sanctioned by Ion); usaga all his personal property was charged full death duties; but if he had also had property hare that property was to pay death duties too. It had been said the latter part) of the clause would obviate that, but it; would not. That; referred to property out of the province, and not in the province, which might have relieved the property of paying twice over. Some people thought property had no rights, and said it would not matter if it did pay twice over. This Bill was, however, tho initiation of progressive taxation. The CHIEF SECRF,TARY-Raisin& the old ghost again. The Hon R. C. BAKER said there was no other colony the inhabitants of which hold such large interests in other colonies. South Aus trahanshadlargointpresta atBrokonHill, on the Darlin-r, and in Western Queensland ; most of those South Australians were domioiled in the colony, and any duties on their estates would ba gaiuod by South Australia. There for South Australia of all the colonies should be most interested in upholding tho nre?ent system. If we tried to get nur neighbours' cake as wall as our own them would bo repri sals from the other colonios. They had recently seen this in various Border duties. The Bill proposed the progrossive system of taxation. For centuries British-sneaking countries had had a most rational human nature system of death duties, but; this Bill wan introducing a new system. Ought not etrangftra in blood, who had no roasonable grounds to Bucceed, pay larger rates of duty than relations, and ought not tho nearest) rela tions to pay les- than relations further off? A man receiving a legacy of £'i-,000 might bo up to hia eyea and ears in debt, and wsnCin? money, yec would have to pay a high rate of duty ; and annthpr man who wag wealthy nnd did not want the monoy, mipht receive a similar legacy and pay a lower ratu of duty. Where did thequsstion of equality of sacriSce como in here? Why, it Reomed that the posses sion of wealth was to be made a penal ized offence, punishable by the State. Tho point of this Bill wai n fooling of envy. There was a cry against tho rich man, a desire to bleed him to death. Those who had not seized opportunities wanted to tako away from thoae who had acquired ivoalth and give* to tho Undeserving. Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON— Nonserse Hon. W. A. ROBINSON-It'a rubbiab. The Hon. R. C. BAKER quoted from Mr. Mallock in the Fortni'ildlu Review to ehow that every community had its rich men. But tha result! of the action of certain hon. members who favoured the Bill would bo thab wealth would disappear and be gradually absorbed by tho community, under the mis taken impression that by so doing tho wealth would pass into the hands of the majority, and that the poor would become richer. That was an abaolnte fallacy. Individualism was the main spring of civilization, and civiliza tion was wealth. If they took away wealth they took away art and science and leisure. Civilization was wealth ? Hon. J. V. O'LOGHLIN— Of those who created it? The Hon. R. C. BAKER-Decidedly. It had been created by brain- power and no5 manual labour. The Hon. W. A. ROBINSON— Commonly called dodgery. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— Did the hon. member call the building of steam-engines dodgery? The Hon. W. A. ROBINSON-That is labour. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— What was it but the reault of the brain-power of the past? Every agricultural implement down to a spade waa tho reault of brain-power. The brain-power of the past and tho organizing briin-power of the present waa responsible for Wii.-Jth. The ITon. D. M. CHARLESTON— Labour produce* capital. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— Brain-power produced capital. How would wo have lived without the btain-power of the past and pre sent? Some people would argue that soldiers won battles, but it was the generals who won battles. An Hon. Member— Ob, I don't agreo with that. The Hon. R. C. BAKER said that Napoleon organized, controlled, and equipped every regiment under his command. Napoleon made the French Army. ' The Hon. W. A. ROBINSON-He is a smut example, he is. ? The Hon. R. C. BAKER opposed tho third reading because, it initiated a vicious method of taxation. He had a third roaaon for asking i the Honse to oppose it. The Government) I Mid the Bill would increase the revenue. I They had, however, refrained from investiga tion themselves, and burked investigation by any one else in every possible means. Bills founded on this principle had been before Parliament three or four times, but the Governments had never at tempted to give any reliable information as to what) tha revenue would be. Mr. Playford said the revenue would be £40,000. Then Mr. Homburg said it would be. £ 10,000 more than tho present revenue, and that would make the amount £32,000. Later on Mr. Holder said the returns from the Com missioner of Inland Rovenue could not be relied upon, as tha Commissioner had proceeded on guesswork. Tho figures were dearly all imagination. The Government could furnish a return at very little cost). Every adminis trator had to hie a return showing the name and age of each successor, the degree of rela tionship io tho testator, when the successors became entitled, the description of real and personal property to which each successor is entitled, and the esti mated value or annual value of the property, From those returns the Govern ment could have made out the amount which would be receivable under the Bill. At an expense of £5 a year he could find out what would be realized. They refused to let him look at the return. Tho CHIEF SECRETARY— You did not ask properly. The Hon. R. C. BAKER considered he had. The Government shrank from giving the information, because wishing to initiate a new principle they thought they would have n, better chance if they could assert that the revenue would be increased. He did nob wish to accuse the Government of making wilful umatatements. The CHIEF SECRETARY— You said ia your letter absolute falsification. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— The Govern ment could eay that the investigation would prove that the Bill would increase the revenue without _ being charged with making any wilful misstatemont. The Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON— That would be equally culpable. The Hon. R. O. BAKER— It would, indeed. They knew Government officers— and especially under such a tyrannical regime as the present took their stand with the Government, and if they had an idea that an investigation would prov9 that the .Estimates of the Government were incorrect they would not tako any trouble to get) an accurate investigation made. Last year he asked for information, though he could 6nd no reference to the question in the pages of ' Hansard,' but waa told it waa too late in the iesaion. During recess the late Government, knowing they would reintroduce the Bill, might; have prepared a return. Then ia this session o:i Auzusb 1 he moved for a return to hIiow what would have been received during three jeara if the proposed law had been in force. It could easily and inexpensively havo been obtained. The Governments presented a return which pur ported to give the information he wanted, except that it was given as an average for six years instead of actual returns for three years, nnd except also for certain instances in which actual successors could not be ascer taiued. Ho did not accuse the Chiof Secretary of laying a trap, but ;i trap had been cleverly laid, and he had fallen into it, and believed that the return waa prepared on facts. Ac cording to that return over £54,000 would have baen received from legacies of over £150,000, which struck him as being manifestly wrong. Then ho asked for a return showing all legacies over £fi0,000. Ho wrote to tho A Storney- General in a most respectful style. The CHIEF SECRETARY— Ha ! ha ! ha ! The Hon. JR. C. BAKER asked members if there were anything improper in hia letter. (No.) Was it not a letter which, as a member nf the Legislative Council seeking to ascertain a most important fact, he had a right to send V Had he not a perfect right to ask for the infor mation and obtain a proper answer V The unswer waa first a so ear, and then an incorrect Assumption and fa lee quotations of his letter. Tho Attorney-General, in his reply, said that a.11 facilities permitted to the public for making a search would be allowed. The CHIEF SECRETARY-That is all cvu had any right to grant. The Hon. R. C. BAKER said h« could get that; without asking tho Attorney-General. Besides, he paver asked for any concessions of fees. Looking at the courtesy of the answer, :he sneer, the evasion, and the p»ltry tone idopted in the replies to hip letter, he would say that there was no obligation whatever, not withstanding anything in clause 64 of the Probate and Succession Duties Act, on the fiart of either the Commissioner or the iVttorney-Genoral to refuse the public or him iolf to see nearly all the documents in his ilnce. The information concerning four wflls iad already been published by the Govern nent, and why then should they have refused ;o allow him to verify statements made in the return which the Chief Seoretary gave ? Why did they not refuse to make the four wills mentioned publio at all if they did not nrant to give the information ? The CHIEF SECRETARY protested ngcinst it at tho time, but the Council ordered it. The Hon. R. C. BAKER considered that the circumstances showed that the Govern ment were opposed to investigation. He had no desire to divulge details of private estates. The first Government return, which was pur ported to be an actual return, was shown by tho second return in two lines to be incorreot to tho extent of £M,7ii9 alone. An examina tion ot the second return showed that the first return was some £20,000 wrong in reference to tha rovenue to b.i derived under one will. The CHIEF SECRET ARY-Ha, ha, ha ! Tha Hon. E. WARD— It is. nothing for the Chief Secretary to laugh at ; it is a serious matter. Tho Hon. R. C. BAKER said one will re Forred to was that of Mr. T. G. Waterhouse. Probate was granted in October, 1885. Th% second return of tho Government stated that tilt) amount on which dutv wa3 payable was £:V2(i,O0O. The truth was the £52C,000 was the £ro33 amount of the estate. Debts amounting to £31,240, interest £S,'J14. probate duties £6,4')1, rates, taxes, and repairs £3,15S ; in all a sum of £00,000 had to be deducted to get the net amount of the estate on which legacy was dun. So that there waa £H0,000 odd to start with, and 10 per cent, of that waa £6,600. by which iimount the return was excessive. The return showed that a legacy of £60,000 was loft, but thero was no such legacy at all. Tho CHIEF SKCRETARY-There was an annuity of £2,500 to Mrs. Waterhouse, which represents a capit?.lizod value of £(50.000. Tho Hon. 'li. C. BAKER— Under the present law the annuity did not pay any taxes at all. Tho annuity was charged on tho amount divisible amongst the sons. The real duties payable wore on £60,000 to the daughter at o' per cent. £4,800. Then the balance of the estate, £400,000, was divisible amongst threa eons, and not two as stated. The effect of this waa that instead of coming under tho 10 per cent, sobedulo it came under the 0 per cent, schedule, making a difference of £4,000, eo that made an error of £8,800 in the Govern ment roturn. Tho CHIEF SECRETARY-The return is absolutely corrert. Tho Hon. R. C. BAKER eaid as far as ho was ablo to ascertain ho was corr«ct. Then they had the will of Mr. Dutton. The amount payable to the nephew was put down here at t234,000, on which a 10 per cent, duty was chargeable. The facts were that certain pro perties in South Australia were specially charged with payment, including Kapunda Hospital, tho Bliud Asylum, and a large number of legacies whiohcameto over £48,000, po that this legacy muBt also bo reduced. Thero was an error in the Government return nf £-«,S00, which was 10 per cent, on £48,000, He thought he had proved that the Govern ment had taken no steps to prove that the rovenue they estimated would be received, and that their estimates were wrong to the extent of £27,000 on two wills alone. The obtaining of correct information lay at the root of all Parliamentary government — (Hear, hear) — and in tho absence of correct informa tion they had no right to pass measure*. It would be a disgrace if they passed suoh an innovation. The Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON-It ia not new. The CHIEF SECRETAKY-As old aa Adam. The Hou. E. WARD— And as obnoxious as old. The Hon. R. C. BAKFR said it would be arefiflction on tho Council if they passed a Bill to increase the revenue when no attempt had been made to prove that the revenue would be increased. If the Bill was passed members might be sorry, especially members whose convictions were not strong against the principle of the Bill, and who sacrificed those opinions to increase the revenue. It wat said the proposed Act would be simpler than tBe old law, but it would be more complicated. (Hear, hear.) He moved — Tlint this Bill be recommitted. He did so with tho avowed object of aeking the Council to delay the passing of the Bill until they obtained the returns which it waa tho bounden duty of the Government to present to members. The CHIEF SEORETARY said Mr. Baker had shown his tenacity in thus opposing a measure which had received the eanction of the people. The Hon. E. WARD— Certainly not. The CHIEF SECRETARY-Mr. Baker had spoken very plainly, and in certain corre spondence had thrown charges broadcast, not only against the Government, but against the Civil Service, although in his speech he had made a half-hearted withdrawal of the charges against the Civil Service. Mr. Baker had characterized the return as false. ''Absolute falsification' had only one meaning, It meant a counterfeit. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— No. The CHIEF SECRET ARY — The hon. member cannot explain away the dictionary. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— I do not want to, bus every one knows what false is without a dictionary. The CHIEF SECRETARY-WdMter's Dictionary laid it down dearly that falsifioa tion meant lying. Now, Air. Bakes h»d charged all the members of the Ministry of whioh Mr. Playford was Premier with abso lute falsification. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— That is not correct. The Chief Secretary has absolutely misrepresented what I said. I said tho figures presented by Mr. Playford were based on imagination. The return presented by tho Chief Secretary is the one I said was falso. The CHIEF SECRETARY— Then Mr. Baker blamed the Holder and Downer Governments for pursuing a polioy based on a return founded on imagination. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— Don't the facts Bhow it was based on imagination ? The CHIEF SECRETARY— According to Mr. Baker all the members of the Ministry were viotims of delusion and fancy, and only he knew anything about the matter. (Laughter.) The Ministers referred to had had a larger commercial experience than Mr. Baker, and their estimates, based on their larger experience of the working of the depart ment, were more likely to be correct than his, more particularly as he had had no recent Ministerial experience. Then, as to the eecond return, which the hon. member had the auda city to describe as absolute falsification. lie could not conceive more offensive terms as applied to anybody. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— False and falsifi cation are two different words. The CHIEF SECRETARY— If the hon. member has a private interpretation he should give it to the Council. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— I never used the words. The CHIEF SECRET AP.Y— Here it is in hia letter — 'absolute falsification.' The Hon. R. C. BAKER— Yes, you are right. (Laughter) The CHIEF SECRET ARY-Could more offensive terms be used? If Mr. Baker's political rancour had carried him bo far as to charge the Government with absolute falsifi cation he might have stopped there and not charged the members of the Civil Service, as they were not in a position to defend them selves. He had shown a great lack of fairness and gentlemanliness towards men who were as honourable in their own sphere as the hon. member himself. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON— Do not Civil servants frequently make up returns in ac cordance with instructions they receive from Ministers ? The CHIEF SECRETARY— No ; he chal lenged the production of an instance. What possible object oould the Government or the Commissioner of Inland Revenue have in making false returns ? The hon. member had been misled by personal rancour when he made suoh a oharge. If the hon. member had addressed that letter to him he should havo immediately put it into the wastepaper basket and have waited until the writer's manner and temper improved, because io was not proper to send to any one, whether public or private, and having first accused him of telling a lie, to ask for information. Fortu nately for him ho had to deal with the Attorney - General, who was desirous of treating the hon. gentlemap with every courtesy. (Oh and laughter.) Instead of putting the letter in the wastenaper basket the Attorney - General sent a reply, which was the utmost by law lie could grant, and then extended the additional courtesy, which ilr. Baker had had the audacity or the ignorance to regard aa a eneer. The Attorney-General said, 'All facilities per mitted to the pubiio will be at your disposal.' Now, section 04 of the Probate and Succession Duties Acb provided, inter alia, power for the Commissioner to inspect and take copies from any public book, and went on : — But all such information shall be deemed to be confidential, and the Commissioner shall not dis close the same or the contents of n.117 document or book to any persons otherwise than for the pur poses of this Act. There was a similar provision in the English Act (lfi and 17, Vic, c. 51, sec. 4fi). and with respect to the practice in England, Layton, in the introduction to the sixth edition of hia work on the ' Legacy, Probate, and Adminis tration Duties' said that ' the Commissioners of Inland Revenue will not disclose any par ticulars which come to their knowledge for fiscal purposes/' The Hon. R. C. BAKER— And he goes on to condemn it, and says it should be altered, and it has been altered since. The CHIEF SECRETARY-It has not. been altered here. I am sorry Mr. Baker did not tell the Commissioner of Inland Revenue. The Hon. R. C. BAKER-I did. The CHIEF SECRETARY— Then tho hon. member should have told the Council eo. The position as set forth in section 64 was not only law, but common sense. The Attorney General then went on: — 'To facilitate your operations your assurance that you will pay the fees as soon as an account is rendered will be accepted.' The Hon. R. C. BAKER— I nover eaid so. The CHIEF SECRETARY said it was the hon. member's ignorance which made him think that was a quotation. It was not; It wax an offer. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— How you do garble documents. (Laughter. ) I never gave the assurance. The CHIEF SECRETARY-Xo one ever said he did. It was a courtesy extended to Bave him planking down a shilling for every estate he wished to examine. The Hon. E. WARD— It was unscrupulous assumption. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— It was a sneer, and you know it. The CHIEF SEORETARY did not know it. Then Mr. Bakei returned to the charge in terms singularly impolite and offensive. He spoke of false returns, and returns dragged out of the Government. It was noS too early for the Attorney-General to take the stand lie finally did. If he had not desired to be courteous he would havo been more abrupt. Now as to the point Mr. Baker had taken againBt the Bill. He had gravely advanced Mr. Mallock. a novel- writer, as a political economist. Had he studied the question he might have bad his eyes opened. Then Mr. Baker said the Bill would not increase the revenue. The Hon. R. 0. BAKER-I did not. I am being misrepresented again. I said I had my suspicion, and thai the onus was on the Go vernment to prove that it would increase the revenue. The CHIEF SECRETARY would like to know what all the cry was about if the Bill would not increase the revenue, and if it would not be such an impost) on tho people. The hon.jjiucmber, who represented the propertied classes, should be delighted. The Hon. R. C. BAKER — I am sorry you are so dense. The CHIEF SECRETARY -If the revenue was not increased the Government would be discredited, and that should delight a member who, next to representing the propertied classes, loved to discredit Govern ments. Then Mr. Baker said the Bill would be unworkable. It had been drawn by one of the ablest draftsmen of tho oolony, and had been approved by. Sir John Downer, Mr. Homburg, and the present Premier— all legal gentlemen who had had more professional experience than Mr. Baker. He pre ferred their opinions to Mr. Baker's. Mr. Baker was really tiehting against the progressive principle. (Hear, hear.) He did not care twopence what revenueit produced or whether or not it was workable. Mr. Baker's authorities were faulty. If he had consulted John Stuart Mill, one of tho greatest writers on political economy, instead of Mr. ulallock, who could not be regarded as anything more than a clover litterateur, he would have found him an advocate for progres sive death duties aa being both just and expedient, although ho opposed them as regarded Reneral systems of taxation. It was no use Mr. Baker fighting against the whole tendency of modern legislation. Pro gressive duties were not new. Angustin imposed one in Koine, while the Athe nians had them in force. Even if the question were new, was that; any objection to it? South Australia had introduced many new lawa suitable to her conditions and circum stances. That waa the great point. It waa not n question of novelty or age at all. Besides, the English income tax, according to Buxton, a leading writer, was really progressive. All the world over there was a movement in that direction, and Buxton said it was generally contended in England that thero should be reform in that direction to d'- away with the inequality of taxation. Mr. Baker had shown a lamentable ienoranes of modern politics. The Hon. R. C. BAKER-I could get a dozen books to show the other side. The CHIEF SECRETARY-Thc present taxation of South Australia did not lead to equality of sacrifice. Tho feeling that that was eo was growing in every country. Mr. Baker was slow to realize that. His particular vocation was that of watchdog of property. It was a useful, though humble, vocation. The propertied classes had persistently resisted every reform towards social amelioration. Mr. Baker's cry was like that of Tennyeon's Northern farmer, 'Property, property.' He was a check on too hasty legislation, and he hoped he would agree that he had sufficiently retarded this Bill. Three successive Govern ments considered it would brim? in more revenue, and it waa tho duty of Parliament to pass it. The hon. member did not suggest another means of getting revenue. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— An all-round property tax. The CHIEF SECRETARY Eaid Mr. Baker knew that was impossible at present. It was in the dim distance yet. Tho authorily behind the Bill was sufficient to justify the Council in passing it. As to the objection to alanse 7, acy duties paid on property out of the province would be deducted from duties payable to South Australia. Now the returns objected to by Mr, Baker were based on six years' figures, and an average was taken which would not answer to any particular year. Mr. Baker was wrong in what he said about the annuity on Mr. Water house's estate. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— It ia not payable until it falls in. The CHIEF SECRETARY— The duty waa payabls directly the money waa left. Mr. Waterhouse's eatate, which bad been carefully, analytically examined, showed that the real estato in South Australia on which duty was paid by order of the Court was £341,854. The personal estate in South Aus tralia was £190,034, lees debts £3S,4G7= £152,537. The net value of the estate in South Australia was £49-1,381. The real and personal estate in England, net, was £2-1, -100. The net value of estates reduced by valuations was £518,871. The particulars of the principal legacies were widow annuity £2,500 (esti mating her age at eixty), say £43,000. Furniture, plate, jewellery, &o.;, nay £10.000 ; cash, £2,000 = £12,000 = £5.'i,000. Daughter, a legacy of £(iO,00(J. Three sons, residue (subject to the payment of certain legacies) £134,b'23 each— £'50o,Si',!). The esti mated duty payable was by the widow, on £53,000, £3,937 ; dautrhter, on £60,000, £4,l'7o ; three sons, on £403,871, £34,IJ.'W. Total estimated duty, £42,851. Total duty from this estate included ia estimated return of Aupust 5, 1S93, £4G,S34, showing a difference on six years' average of £3,983. for one year £UGo. That return was a marvellous illustration of the correctness of the average. Mr. Baker waa miataken as to Mr. Dutton's estato. The nephew took £22,947, the dutv on which under the Bill would be £2,204' The returns supplied by the Government were marvels of correctness. Aa ilie Bill was drawn now it would be impossible to get exact figures, as thero was no reliable data to show what children were under twenty-one. The Hon. R. C. BAKER-I beg your pardon. The CHIEF SECRETARY said Mr. Baker knew in dozens of oases no accounts wero filed. The Hon. R. C. BAKER— The return I have mentioned makes its necessary to give the ages. The CHIEF SECRETARY said thoush there was a penalty of £50 thero were hun dreds of cases in which the information was not given. If an attempt was to be made to make the finances meet, and if an equitable system of taxation was believed in, the Bill should be passed. The Hon. J. WARREN could not under stand why Mr. Baker had been refused per mission to search records. Was Parliament or the Government managing the country 1 The Chief Secretary had failed to substantiate his position, and the Bill should be reenrnmitted. He hoped the Council would stand up for the dignity of members, and would seo that members were not refused information to which they were entitled. The Chief Secre tary eaid the propertied classes had opposed reforms, but did they not give manhood suffrage? There were plenty of means of raising revenue other than thai proposed in this Bill. The Hon. A.E. ADDISON said until recent correspondence had been published he had not regarded Mr. Baker as a fair opponent of the Bill. Mr. Baker had, however, asked in a straightforward manner without discourtesy for permission to get information. What more courtesy did they want than for him to say if he was wrong he would withdraw the statements ho had made. If the Government could not furnish a return they might havegiven Mr. Baker a chance to try his hand. The cor respondence had shown Mr. Bakers good faith. The doo.ument Mr. Baker had brought to the House showed that the return oould have been prepared. To a great extent the hon*member was justified in using the stronsr language he did. The Chief Secretary's criticisms of Mr. Baker's remarks on the Civil Service wore not fair. Officers in a department took their colouring from their chief, and if ho asked could easily produce figures which would rap port any particular argument. It would bo just a.i well for the Chief Seoretary to agree to furnish a return as near as he could to what Mr. I5;iker required. It was tho duty of members to uphold Mr. Baker in his desire for information, and it was bad tasto for tho Premier to refuse Mr. Baker's request, who, as .1 member of Parliament!, for the purposes of Parliament, had more rights than an ordinary Tho Hon. J. V. O'LOGHLIN could see no reason in the proposal to racomniit the Bill .v'ter the long discussions which had taken place upon it, because Mr. Baker thought it was a novel method of taxation. If Mr. Baker's statements about tho return were correct ho should move for the f uspensuon of the officer who presented it. Mr. Baker's speech bore the sutrpeation that tho Govern ment asked Mr. Stow to prepare a return which would support their views. It was a serious position, and for Mr. Straw's sake the matter should not b9 allowed to remain where it was. On tho one hand th6y had the definite statements of responsible persons that the Bill would yield increased revenue, and on the other hand the vague assertions of Mr. Baker. What could members do but support the Government? As to the enrrespon donee between the Attorney-General and Mr. Baker anything relating to it should not interfere with the passage of the Bill. The Hon. Dr. CAMPBELL did not believo that tho amount of revenue expected by the Gov'ernm&nt; would bb re.ili;;(;d. It had been established that th6 return laid upon the table WB8 not accurate. If it was inaccurate with regard to two wills what was the position with recrard to others? Membera should pause, so that further enquiry might; be made. If the Bill was recommitted 1. Select Committee might be appointed, and if they said figure-* could not be obtained he would accept the averages of the head of the depart :npnt. Tho Hon. J. J. DUNCAN w&s; 1100 such an ardent nupporter of the measure that be would take a leap in the dark, right or wrong. It tho revenue would not to increased would members be justified in voting for the mea futre? They had the assurance of Mr. Baker that fifrures could be obtained^ and every effort should be made to got them. If the Govern ment could prove Mr. Baker wrong ? The CHIEF SECRETARY— He is utterly upside down. The Hon J. J. DUNCAN had been influ enced by the action of the Premier in denying Mr. Baker access to information. The idea that a Select Committee might be left to judce between the two Bystems wa3 a good one. He waR afraid some members were not going for the Bill on its merits as a revenue- producer, but because they thought it initiated progres sive taxation. That was not why he supported ib. The Hon. S. TOMKINSON moved— 'That tho Council do now divide.' Nesratived. The Hon. A. A. KIRKPATRICK was sur prised at the action taken by Messrs. Duacan and Addtson when thoChief Secretary said the information wanted could not be obtained. Why was not the information wanted before? Why was not all this fu« made before? He believed the Bill would produce more revenue. The Hon. E. WARD said the Chief Secre tary said the Bill had repeatedly received the sanction of the country, a statement without a tissue of foundation. The country had never expressed itself in favour of progressive taxa tion. An Hon. Member — Tho Lower House has. Tho Hou. E. WARD — Very much lower. The Lower House is no credit to South Aus tralia. The PRESIDENT— The hon. member is not in order. Tho Hon. E. WARD-Then I will say another place is not a credit. Several Hon. Members — Oh, withdraw, withdraw. The PRESIDENT — The hon. member should not have referred to tho House of Assembly as he did. The Hon. E WARD said he would wil'inely withdraw anything he had said which might be construed as a reflection on the House of Assembly. The Chief Secretary accused Mr. Baker of having made a oharge of dishonesty apainst the Civil Service. He did nothintr of the kind. He charped the respon sible Ministry. A Minister without absolute diRhonu«ty could obtain information from his officers to suit his purpose. Aa to the correspondence the reply of the Premier referring to fees was un riisguised, intended, and wilfully impertinent. Iti was just like the Premier, who would, assume anything that was unscrupulous. The wily, xmscrupnlous assumption in tho reply of the Premier implied that Mr. Baker had asked for a remission of fees. The implication was impudent, unscrupulous, and false, aid quito characteristic. If nothictr etee would justify the recommittal of the Bill it was that. When Mr. Baker, Mr. Bosworth, and himself were awav ill the Chief Secretary had secured a reversal of a former deoieion of tho Council. The Hon. J. DARLING moved— 'That the Council do now divide.' Negatived by 10 to 4. The Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON saw nothing wrong in proirrewivo succession duties, scd people in England were grcwincr to entertain that opinion. He regretted that there had been any misunderstand intr bptweeu the Attorney- General and Mr. Baker. Every member should be (riven facilities to obtain information. Successive Governments had, however, declared that thn Bill would brine in increased revenue. If Mr. Baker did not asrrff- with the Government thafj the Bill would realize increased duties as a representa tive of property ho would not so strongly oppose the Bill. If it would not yield in crraspd revenue, what would it matter to pro perty-holders? Tho ereat question of pnvent ine the taxinc power cettinc; into tho hands of tho people waa foroins it.*plf upon tho people, and thp adoption of thi« Bill would be a step in that direction. The Chief Secretary »aid the figures Mr. Baker wanted could not; be obtained. What, then, vas tho use of reromroittincr the Bill ? On the motion of tho Hon. W. COPLEY the debate was adjourned till next day. TRUSTEE BILL. Third readine pas?ed. ADJOURNMENT. At twenty-ssven minutes to 7 p.m. the Council adjourned till next davat 2 p.m. 