Young Women's Temperance Union. Just now the temperance organisations are putting forward fresh efforts in the way of encouraging people to be sober. The ' Y. W.' Union of New South Wales are distributing circulars, of which the following is a copy, which we have been requested to publish ; — ' Drinking, like other vices, is a habit of growth. A glass of wine is taken at first, then another, and so gradual and imperceptible is the growth of the love of strong drink that many persons awaken to the knowledge of its power too late. In their consternation they find that this relentless fiend has completely overpowered them, and subjected them to his whims and caprices, from which there is no escape ; and so they drag out miserable existences, with neither conscience, health, nor aim in life. Of no use either to mankind or Belf, they stand .living monuments of demon Drink's handiwork. It has been, proved by some of the cleverest scientists and doctors, that strong drink injures both body and mind. When that is the case why do we use it? Do we not exercise our reason in all other matters pertaining to our bodily health ? Would we eat unwholesome food, or live in' an unhealthy locality, if we knew it did us harm ? Then why should we injure our bodies with strong drink? It is customary to offer wine at Christmas — ' to be sociable, you know,' many people explain; 'it would not be Christmas without it. But why offer wine and other injuri ous liquors? Bather put aside an old-fashioned custom ; or, if health must be drunk, substitute a harmless beverage. ' The cheerfulness of wine is not lasting. We look -up to our girls, and expect them by their sweet, unconscious influence to help us lead better and purer lives. Then what girl, know ing the influence she exercises for good or ill, will deliberately take the winecup_ in her_pure hands and give it to her friend, knowing she may be giving a loved one poison, perhaps helping a feUow-creanire down the first step to utter ruin. A handful of thistle down carelessly thrown out of a letter, which a gentleman received from a friend in Scotland filled acres of land with thistles ;' and who knows but that a glass of wine carelessly given may be the beginning of a drunkard's wretched career f Give not wine at Christmas or at any other time, for ' it is a mocker ;' as Solomon says, ' Strong dnnk is raging, and they that be deceived thereby are not wise.' ' Come inside a minute,' said a Fourth Avenue dealer im pianos, yesterday afternoon. ' I have dis covered the greatest flytrap on earth and I want to show it to. you.' He led the way to an instrument, at the rear of the store on which was a newspaper. On the paper had been placed a bunch of sweet peas. At least a thousand dead flies were lying on the paper in the immediate vicinity of the bunch of flowers. 'I threw these here by chance,' he continued, ' and ia about 10 minutes 1 happened to notice that every fly that alighted on the flowers died in a very short time.'*' Even as he spoke a number of the insects which had stopped to suck the deadly sweet had toppled over dead. They alighted with their usual buzz, stopped momentarily, quivered in their legs, napped their wings weakly several times, and then gave up the ghost,— J,ouisvilb Journal, 