'''??H-K HE IA3!)^mBvG®rOf?r . 1 ?Tfi | : - 33» fipectoe walked on Richmond Hill, And men and wibiIb vent "shuddering by, Ib|r dmd to ; - AUfened Win ghost yonld ne'er t-e laid, ]for^OTbodf«eemeds£iaid, flnfl ghort; anddid report' ' It wasydiimmy do»Jifid in slops, ilLnd ommin|fy fixed Mp on props ! SbeyjaakndliiB fee for deedw oaky- - GoBgaacs W&ssosre; DOHDBB WHJSKI."» Tbb coming' racing season snavjbe said, too be mappedont aa well ob it is poBBible.4o *l0,jby the list ot dates re commended liy fee Sioith Qoeeodaod Hwang Atsooittian, which were pub lished last w©pkj .for course, these are in no ymy impera tive, it is found ana r^ethattfcey are approximately followed, and as ! fliey are sketched out with some fore thought, wi#i the view, as far as pos sible, of sniting- all. it is onlynatnral that this should beso. We may be said then to date , our 'commence* ment . from St. Patrick's Day, when in addition to Cumber land and Croydon^ whose meetings of course interfere io no -way. with those in these parts, there is racing ;at Charters* Towers, Townsville, and tfughenden, and it is a pity that some better arragement could not be made to prevent this treble clashing It was originally stated tfaa'. Hughenden wouHarrange adate some few days prior, tint - this apparently feasible arrangement wis not carried, oat This date, however, was picked by the clubs themselveR, and is not the recommendation of the N.Q.B.A,-«nd it seems a pifythat it whs not. Pol lowing these, the next in ord^r is the Towers Jockey Club Easter Meeting on the 3rd April, an always successful gathering. Richmond Downs is set down for April 27 and 28, earlier tWn last year, and their interests will in no way clash with Bnlbntraman on Hay 3 and i. "Richmond Dowqb'interests are {more closely interlinked with those o£ Hnghenden, whoBe «.nnnn1 gathering is placed, following at an easy distance, on the llth and 12th of May. Last year Hnghenden ran about a month later, but the present plan seems more suitable both to themselves and the Towers Queen's Birthday Clnb, who, of coarse, claim their old date upon die 24th oi May. The - Lower Bmtiekiii have also the Queen's Birthday set against their name, which, however, will neither interfere with the one or the other. June 22 and 23 is set down for the annual high holidav of the Towers Jockey Club, with Townsville fellowing at the orthodox fortnight's interval, on the 6th and 7th of July. Harking bade, however, to June 21 and 25, we have the Normanton meeting, whose sympathies are iden tical with those of Croydon, where the dates selected for the «*innn3 meeting are similar to th<*se picked for .Townsville. The clashing, how ever, of the Gulf meetings with those hereabouts is unimportant. The Bavenswood Jockey Clnb is placed a week later than Townsville,- on July 13 and 14, whilst six days after, ob July 19 and 20, attention will he turned to Mackay, with Bo wen on July 27. Harking Northward we next come, at suitable intervals, to Herberton (Wild River Jockey Club) 3rd and -4th of August, Port Douglas 10th and llth of August* and Cooktown 17th and 18th of August, with which the Autumn and Winter campaign may be said to' close. Last year, the Torres StraitB Clnb at Thursday Island followed Cooktown more closely, bnt fcheyprobably have good local reasons for preferring "to be placed nearly two months later than the Cooktown folks. Lo ->king through, it would have been hard to improve upon the routine of dates suggested, and in no case has clashing, such as wonld be hurtful to any club been re commended. The coming autumn and winter season, which is the time of year daring which the most impor tant race gatherings in North Queens land take place, certainly at the .out set promises successfully, and we trust that when tire times arrives for com piling the statistics of the year it will be found that turf matters are con tinning in a progressive state. There were no Police Court eases yester day morning. A si&h; of tiie ianieB is the announcement by Mt A. M. Newman, that lie has arranged with hie clients to lower all dwelling house .rents 10 per cent from the 1st of next month. Although the s&y; was heavily overcast all day yesterday, only about 15 points of rain felL Out west it is stillfine, but cIoudy,and from one to two inches \bf sain tell on the east coast districts north of Towne vflle. THIS week's Sobtm Qpbbkbtaev Sesis teb 'met with active .demand, and has trendy gone off. <3V.ezt week eight pages will be devoted to illostratiDns of Brisbane and Ipswich, and a special feature will be .a page Cartoon on the subject so ably handled by "Demos." At the Small Debts Court yesterday, be fore Mr C. A- M- Morris, verdictsfor amonits claimed were given in the following undefended cases:-JohnSntjeon v G. Mac. Jjelland, goods flold,£23s 7d; J. Burgeon v "W.Smedley. goods supplied, £2 7a 6d ; B. Kyan v W. BOWE, gsods sold and delivered, £lS&e4d; Welch andCo.v*Ec Hop, goods sold and delivered, "£1317s ; B. Bayers C. A. Riedrict, goods sold and delivered, £iS le 3d; 3. Jai&Bon-and; Sons * D McAllister, goods sold and delivered, £S 8s6d; J. Jackson . and - Sons . v Sun ... 3£ee, goods sold and delivered, £5 Selld. Inthe caee of . J". Jackson aid Sons V H. Holt, goo Resold and delivered, £1918s Id/ Mr. Cotbam. from Mesaa. Maryland and Marsl&nd;'s offices, appeared for complainant, and Air MUfoid for the defendant, wbo asked time to be allowed. He oSeeed-£2 permonth, which was accepted, cosfcB against defendant, professional, £2 2s, and eoeteof court 8s. In%iJie adjourned case of B. ?Craven*. ff.Bertmid, £2 5B, ^ent dne, Mr. Mardand sppeared for complainant* and lEr. W. Juts for thedefence. Complainant was nonsuited, with professional costs 10s' 6d, tbree witnesses 15s, and costs of Court' js. £, Amoryv. Davie and Company was. a claim lor £1 8) 6d for firewood sup plied. Verdict for amount claimed with cost ©{ Court Sb, and witnesses' costs 10s* fiobert Sussell v. Wright. Beaton and Co., damages for non deliveiy, £21 13a 4d { Mr IffmnlgTui appeared on bdwd! of complainant, and lb Jbtfu for defendants. In thiB case plBixitiffbadagreedtppuxchase from de fenBante 50 bagspf pome maize, to be. delivered timacerfaili date, {and afterwards allowed an extention of time; on fine deferred s, portion of tihs ssaue vae delivered, and somepf it tslceii, bntbeing fonnd to be jiot primeit was eent back^ and a completion of tiie contract demanded. - DeSendants bad failwl fa do thiB, and tbe diSerenoe in ijbe prioe of maiEe ifi |HijB'<iine contxaat was made and the.timB of the breach, was tbe amount of ? damages aued for. After evidence at epmc length,^ the Bencii decided tbat tiioa badbeena uaninet' made. ei^ addiveiy, and tbat the goods delivered ware not in accordance with tbe : M«hwt: - Judgment" was conaequentiy enteied' ?or complainant for lbp iamount; claimed, wiUi professional costs £2 Ss, ibree wits^iBes 35s, and «osts^>f 'l3oart5s. William fTJniSrifH jnad Utb- 3!. J. McKee for £17,; for work^Sone. SIz Milford appeaiied fori plMwijff; and Mr Co&aaa; fbr deflenduit: for a week. ;cs31e3 et those wbowiBhio' timihitilj««i»piiHnn of lb. A. M. ^ttohwd'M* towomnao/on the «re Hi O*"*"" D. Milfle and Oo.'s offices at 8 o'clock next! Tnesdayevemng.; ' THE lfledertsfel gwa * aBioie conceit last CTCiung in tfceSchool of Aits, which was well fitted- The various numbers by the Iiieder fafel .were fairly given, bat with the voices they have, they should be much mnreefiec tive than they «re.-. The tolas were veil rendered, Wenwtb Annt'ly ud Hallorsn, Iwvingto respond to encores. Mr 3£aipe paaglflie " Wolf *' in -xeaSls good style. The concari asa whole was successful, and with steady practice tte Society should be able to take the position in Charters Towers, that jgmilar societies have taken in other im portant eentres. As 1 he tnne for thegeneral election draws nieh candidates a~e declaring their intentions. ?" The latest in the field is (says the TotmxviUe BuUetin}~Dr Boutfc, who states be will con teBt the Burke {Ethe idge). The doctor was r-sident in Georgetown for several years, and speculaied freely In store business and min ing. Bis kindly disposition and 'bong local instincts made Mm a givat public favorite, and he will takea lot beating; bat he will find the Georgetown miners will display no enthusiasm in bis advocacy of the scheme to constitute TownsTille as the chief political as well as the commercial city of North Qaeens \- land. Bobbbt EUSSELI. will hold a clearance sale, at his mart, at half-past 2 oMock this afternoon, when he will sell at unction a large and miscellaneous collection of honse r hold furniture and effects, and sundries of all detcriptione 