MUSIC AND DRAMA Miss Colbourne-Baber sang with great success at the Goulburn Liedertafel Concert on Tuesday. Tho society numbers 50 voices, and Air. Harmcr, the local Anglican cathe dral organist, is the conductor. MissBaber, yielding to the clamour of the crowded audi" cuce, appeared no less than eight times, and it is pleasant to note that iu the enthusiastic demand for the repetition of the 4' Alisercre " scene from 44 Trovatore," Mr. William Wulshc, also engaged from Sydney, shared the honors with the popular soprano. For one of her ballads, 44 Alany a Mile Away," Aliss Baber had the advantage of a violin obligate' played by Air. Jones; a talented local musician. Smart train travelling enabled Aliss Baber to sing the following night for Mr. J". E. Sykes, at the East Maitland Liedertafel .Concert, at which Mr. D. Clancy and Air. T. Thompson-Brown, both of Sydney, assisted. Not so many years ago Richard Wagner was represented on Australian musical pro grammes only by the ear-pleasing "Tann- huuser " Alaroh, Now we have the Syducy Amateur Orchestral Society boldly perform ing the 44 Tristan and Isolde' preludo, while in Melbourne Professor Marshall Hall has been allowing the 44 genial currents of his soul " to run freely in a Wagner concert, which attracted an immense audience to tiic town-hall on Saturday afternoon. The pro fessor, who is a most devoted disciple of tho great German muster, had a first-class orchestra of 74 under his command, and the j concert was a complote success. The pro gramme included the majestic Kaiser Alarsch, wherein the Lutheran Chorale. 44 Em Feste Burg," is so conspicuous, and tiic introduction and closing seeno from 44 Tristan and Isolde." A novelty, so far as ; Melbourne is concerned, was the 44 Death of Siegfried," from the final act of 44 Gotter- uammcrung" (The Twilight of the Gods). The concluding number was the 44 Ride of the Valkyries (44Die Walkure"). Elsa's 44 Dream," from 44 Lohengrin " was sung by Aline. Wiedermann, with orchestral accom paniment. By tlie way, was it not a slight mistake for our amateur band to announce on Wednesday night the " Tristan " prelude as 44 first tiine in Sydney 7" Are we not in debted to Air. Cowen's orchestra for the introduction? Mise Elsie Paige, the clever young singer, who made her debut at one of the Sydney Liedertafel concerts, is about to start for Europe to complete her studies. Her friends have decided to give her a 44 send oil" con cert. Miss Alonina Paige, a sister of the vocal aspirant, is now in Paris going through a finishing course as a pianist. The spirited and to sotnc extent self- efl'ucing act of Air. G. It. Allpress in taking up the honorary but arduous leadership of the Sydney Amateur Orchestral Society was acknowledged with equal grace by the band and the audience at this week's very suc cessful concert. It is still a question of uncertainty whether Mr. Alexander, the amateur leader, who was obliged to tem porarily resign his position somo time back, will be able to renew his connection with the society. Air. Alexander's business en gagements necessitate his absence from Syd ney, and in the event ol his retirement it will be a most gracious thing for Mr. Allpress to contiuue as 44 first fiddle." That Air. Allpress has no personal or professional end to serve was shown by his firm resistance to the temptation of playing u solo ou Wednes day evening. In the matter of self- sacrifice 41 for art's sake/' Signer Hazon aud the brilliant violinist may shake hands. The late Mr. William .Smith, whose re mains were interred in the Wavorloy Ceme tery yesterday afternoon, was for more than 20 years well-known in Sydney musical circles. He was the principal tenor of the old Civil Service Musical Society, and sang in a number of oratorios with the Sydney Alusical Union. Air. Smith was the pos sessor of a robust voice. The quality, a how ever, was singularly sympathetic, liis last important appearance iu oratorio was in Sir Arthur .Sullivan's 44 Alartyr of Antioch," in the ill-fated Garden Place, shortly after tho last big international exhibition in Sydney. Some few years ago Air. Smith joined the Sydney Liedertafel, and a number of his latest musical associates were present yes terday at the solemn rites over 44 tho grave of a singer." The new Italian opera company opens at the Princess's, Melbourne, on Saturday next, with Leoncavallo's 44 1 Pagliacci" — a two-act opera, beautifully melodious and strongly dramatic. The ballet which is to follow the opera is called 44 A Study in Blue." Six shillings is to be the price for the circle and reserved stalls, 4s for the ordinary stalls, and 2s for the amphitheatre. % A booking fee of 2s will be charged for the first night. Ac cording to Air. Alnsgrove's statement, even with full houses every evening during the season there is little chance of Mr. William son and himself doing more than covering expenses. Aliss Lilian Tree was not happy in her choice of the 44 The last rose of summer" at Mr. Huenerhein's concert, but at the Town- hall on Wednesday last she put forth her vocal gifts and artistic graces most admirably in 44 Softly .Sighs," from Weber's famous opera. Aliss Alaggie Moore's season at Her Majesty's Theatre, which begins to-night/ will iutroduce that exceedingly popular actress in a new part, as the heroine of 44 Al'liss," a dramatisation of Bret Harte's famous story of the same name. But we do not start with this, preferring to make a re-' entry in play and part with which Aliss Moore's name is identified wherever the Dutch- English language is spoken or under stood — 44 Struck Oil" and Lizzie Stofel namely. One remembers the immense suc cess Aliss Aloore achieved in this part in America, in England, in Ireland, in Aus tralia, nearly everywhere, in fact. 44 I've played Lizzie Stofel over 5000 times," she ex plains, 44 and my latest experiences in the character are almost the most successful in my recollection." Lately, Aliss Moore has been on a higlily satisfactory tour in New Zealand and Tasmania, where she con firmed ail flattering recollections and reports, played to generally large audiences, except that tho Hoods were in Ilobart contemporaneously with 44 .Struck Oil." In New Zealand, that 44 hallowed island of tho blest," whose political career is being eased by so much oleaginous lubrica tion, she had a very enjoyable tour, one of her most pleasurable experiences being a drive all round a lovely town, under the guidance of a witty Rabbi. Sydney playgoers do nob need to be re minded of Aliss Moore's vivacity and humor, incomparable beyond all other actresses in Australia at this time, or what generous opportunities she lias in 44 Struck Oil " and 44 Tho Chinese Question " for tiie display of her talents. In the latter piece, by the way, she will introduce a new song, 4 The Irish Farmyard." In addition there will be Chinese opera of the most virulent kind, for which a deadly orchestra has been specially embittered. Air. Percy St. John was in Sydney a few days ago engaging artists for tho Gaiety Theatre, Brisbane. Air. St. John reports gratifying returns in Brisbane, tho floods notwithstanding. Of the people who talk about local indus tries, probably very few know that one of the very biggest industries in Australia is that of Alessrs. Williamson and Alusgrove. Hundreds of people are employed, and hundreds of pounds go to them weekly when tho traditional ghost enjoys his hebdomadal promenade. A mouth or two ago the output of the firm iu salaries and other expenses was over £3000 per week— all in cash, too, which is almost as rare as the amount paid. Air. R- S. Smythe is trying to win Air. John Burns to an Australian lecturing Bland Holt began his New Zealand tour with 44 A Sailor's Knot" at Duncdin last Saturday. Tho Taylor-Carrington Company, em boldened by provincial success, arc trying their luck in Melbourne with a play called 44 Home Rule," and founded on the novel, 44 A Loyal Son of Erin." Tho company in cludes—in addition to Mr. Charles Taylor and Miss EUa Carrington— Aliss Edith Appleton, Air. F. 0. Appleton, and Air. Ciesar. _ Leumano's Comic Opera Company began a season at Adelaide this week. Among the members of the company are Aliss Mario Elstor (soprano), Miss Carrie Bilton, and Alessrs. Leumanc, C. P. Joseph, George Tomplor, George Leopold, und \V. I. Barker, A.R.A.A1. 44 The company will appear in a repertoire of refined musical comediettas und comedy operas, including 44 Both Mad," 44 Turtle Doves," and 44 JLhu Waterman." Mr. Robert Courtneidgc resumes harness at Melbourne to- night, when he will be seen as the Scotch professor, Seneca Pickering Peck in 44 On Change." Alessrs. Williamson and Alusgrove have organised a good comedy company for tho season, the members ot which are Aliases Henrietta Watson, Watt- Tanner, Emma G wynne, Madgo Herrick, mid Ethel Haydun, Messrs. Suss, Cathcart, Ireland, Emery, Hans Phillips, and Cos- grove. They will probably make an excur sion into the country, when the Italian Opera Company take up the running at the Princess's. Air. Walter Bunlley has received a cable message olleriiig him the Lyceum Theatre, London, until Easter, during Irving'sahsenee in America. Mr. Bentley, though very proud of the offer, has been compelled to decline it, having other fish to fry. Air. Clement Scott is writing for the Illu-'i- (rated American a series of articles entitled 44 LJn- japanned Japan," and containing 4 the truth 'about that well-advertised country. When published they will bo embodied in a shilling volume. 