SUPERNATURAL VISITATION ON THE MURCHISON. A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE. The following, from the pen of Mr. R. C. Cox, who recently visited the Murchison district, in th;s colony, appears in an Ade laide exchange : — ' Tho overseer of an out-station on the Murchison and I have just come into camp, after being out tracking horses. Three or four nigger* belonging to the station were camped a mUe down Coonarbie Creek. We had finished supper and were sitting alongside tho camp fire about 8 o'clock, the moon just set, calmness reigning sublime, broken only by the tinkle, tinkle, of a horse or sheep bell, and the chrip from a cricket, when wo were startled by shrieks from tho niffirors. who eame flying into camp and dropped down, on all fours behind us and the breakwind fire place. On questioning the darkies about this outcry and rush all wo could get from the trembling and paralysed blacks was 'Mnndong, mundong,' the meaning of which is ghost or spirit, something uncom mon at any rate. They pointed to a faint light half-a-mile from tho camp amongst the mulgas, where, sure enough, wo could see something like a firestick, such as the niggers generally carry wnen gomg in to the bush after dark, just trail ing along quite gently about a foot from the ground. All at once it stopped, and sim ultaneously there flickered all round us similar lights, fifotnrta dozen m all, and some distance apart. I '.tm assure you we two felt a bit tremulous, asevotfyf.hing was done bo noiselessly and mysteriously IRat it had quito a weird effect. At last my' mate pulled out his revolver and fired a the nearest light, and hardly had the report died away when every light was extinguish ed. We tried onr utmost to get the niggers to go back to their miamias, but they would not move front thd shelter of our camp, tfext Morning -we Inspected tho sight of tlio previous night's myaterious illumina tions, and there, sure enough, were the retaains' of the Jfyres, but not one single tfiick of footprint could we or the station niggers find, and there .Ucstho mys tery. You Will find that no bush black will travel cibout the bush for this very dread cf tlie mundong. Another time a lubra came in frwn the bush with her picianinnie and wonga, and stated that she had seen the mundong running that same day along the creek. Questions elicited the informa tion that this supernatural being tvsmj like an ' emit with a blackfellow's head/ The blacks up here are a splendidly made lot, thewc)meninoiesothan the men. They are peacably inclined/' 