lresbyterlan Church, ANNIVERSARY TEA & PUBLIC MEETING. As briefly reported in our last, the anniversary celebrations in connection with the ahove-mentioned church were brought to a conclusion on Tuesday evening with a tea and public meeting. After fill and ample justice had been done to the good things provided, the company took their seats for the after proceedings. A prayer was offered up by the Rev. T. Shanks, after which the choir sang the anthem " Bless the Lord." The Rev. T. Shanks. who presided, said the next item on the programme was the Chairman's address. He was glad that the Chairman's speech was described as remarks, as it gave him a good deal of liberty. He was happy to be in the position to welcome the friends who had met with them on the first anniversary of his settlement in Portland. He was pleased to see the audience was disposed to be social. He was sorry that they had not on the platform Archdeacon Allnutt and the Rev. B. Butchers, and was sorry for the cause of their absence, but it would-be a pleasure for them to know that the former was almost re covered, and that the drier air of Mary borough was having a very beneficial effect on Mr. Butchers. He had also hoped that Mr. Lee, their missionary from Heywood, would have been pre sent, as they all took a great interest in him in his work. He felt that Mr. Lee's work was in a sense his own, and he rejoiced in his prosperity. He was also absent on account of illness in his family, but he would take the present apportunity of welcoming Mr. Lee into their midst, and of earnestly expressing the hope that his work would be most prosperous. He had further hoped that the Rev. Mr. Bailey would be able to be with them, but he was pleased that although they had not a great array of speakers, what they had were of the choicest kind., He had been told that Presbyterian gatherings of this description had in the past been very popular for the reason that the ad dresses did not occupy too prominent a position. He was glad that the popularity was likely to abide, as they had a plentiful supply of singing down on the programme. When a year ago he stood on that platform he had ex pressed the wish that his congregation should be known as a praying and a working congregation, that as a people they should continually wait on the Lord and acknowledge that whatever success they had as a congregation was due to the presence of the Holy Spirit in their midst. He had also wished them to be a working congregation, not in the sense that the minister was a working minister, but that the church should be a hive of workers. He had told them that if they would prosper in the best senae of the word it would be not so much by the exertions of a single individual, as by the combined efforts of the whole people. It was a p"!-'are to him in looking over the past year to say that his words had been in ..:e :k,n to heart. ..- h!red by mem ::e congregation. Some "c ::.:. -restly in the financial .-_ .:ial work, and for their efforts S were all most thankful. Others had sc, rked in connection with the Sabbath school, and to them the whole congre gation was under a deep debt of grati tude, for it was the ripening of the fruit the seed of which was instilled into the hearts of the children that would make the congregation of future years faithful to the Lord and to the church. Then there were others who had worked in other departments of church life. In this connection he must not omit to mention the services of the choir, and especially Miss McEachern. But he would like to see them co operating more diligently ,still. Surely every memlwer in the church was able to dis cover some particular part of church lifein which Godi'ould have them work. Had the; iot some service to lay at the Mlaster's feet ?': It was in tolerable to suppose that the work of Christ's King dom was going to be successfully car ried out if it were left to be carried through by a few. They could not worship God by proxy. Membership in the priesthood of all Iheli.ver was signified in many ways. t'11hn :hey met at church the. coul rccc;ia :hat all who met with them were 'e: a htvel lbefore God. Let the spirit of kindli. ness and brotherliness Ic felt y a;ll. It might not seemn t tl 'h,: Illch., aut a; kindly word, ;a sy.mpathettih ]1'4. shake of the hand went a gr?.at ay.. and they were piriestly acts in the sight f God whom they ·cr'. i. If tbhe bfl aninterest in (;odts work that interest would show itself in many act dmce during the week as well :; on the Sal bath. The speaker dwelt at still geater length on the desirability of dit playing an interest and svmiathv with all who came toi Gi's house. He then went on to refer to the prosperity of the congregation. During the year they had started a young men's Bible Class, which had met with a fair amount of suc cess. He took the opportunity of invit ing the young men to meet hint on the Sabbath afternoon. Thev had also started a week night Bible Class phich was very well attended, the average at= tendance being about 30, and there had been a great deal of encouragement hi connection therewith. He had had the pleasnireof receiving into the member. ship of the church a good proportion of the members. From the Wednesday evenmg services some profit he believed had been received, and since "the Rev: j. Mc-Neil's visit a Christian Endeavor Soiety had been started that had coni tinned to live and to do good service. They had recently added'?iiiTher or ganization in the Presbyterian i VWo men': ,Missionary Society,- and he thought a neat deal o usefulneso was belfore it. He was nol content, [how ever, he would like'to'see mnore. He knew the danger, of multiplying organi zations, the iear:.that partisan spirit .ould..be ._created and ._jealousies aroused, butif they tound that as a church i they were able to do more service forl God by the careful multiplication of organisations they were entitled to go on with them. He wanted to organise a Young Men's Fellowship Society, to meet on the Sabbath morning. It would be a great help to the minister if he had the consciousness that the prayers of a' band of earnest workersascended,asking that a blessing should rest on his efforts. He also wanted to see a temperance society started. As a congregation they ought to acknowledge with some shame that they)had not been forward in the temrn. perance cause, and the least they could do was to organise and carry on a tem perance society of the young, to guard them against the fearful danger to which they would be exposed in after life through a continuance of the drink. ing customs of the age. He feared that these customs would go on for some time yet, though he would that all men should look them in the face and see the fearful damage that they wrought and the fearful consequenceswith which they were fraught. In reviewing the year's work he had omitted to mention that during the year there had been added to the communicants' roll ;o names, and after deductions made on account of death and removal there were rI9 on the roll at the end of the year. Of these 8o belonged to Port land; the remainder to the mission. Mr. Greenham sang with much ex pression "The Holy City," after which the choir contributed the anthem "Now thank we all our God." The Chairman, in a complimentary little speech, introduced the Rev. J. L. Phillips. Mr. Phillips said he wished to say a few words on a subject that was very important-religious revival, and the necessityand means of obtaining it. He congratulated them very heartily on the success that had attended the united efforts of the pastor and people during the year. He was sure they had reason to thank God for the past, and in view of the future to take cour. age. A religious revival was a divine resuscitation. Christians then begin'to live, for while to be a Christian was and always would be to live, multitudes found themselves in the valleyof vision. In the Christian Church at the present time there was a general desire for a religious rei'ival. Many Christians were mourning over the present state of things, and ask'ing when will a greater blessing come. Hlow should they ob tain it? How should their places of worship he filled with attentive hearers? The spirit of the age, enthusiastic in everything else, was quiet in religion. Was it not an acknowledged fact that the spirit of devotion was at a very low ebb, that the distinction between the church and the world was gradually being narrowed down in the same man ner, if not in the same degree, as in Luther's time? Why was it that in these days ministers and Christians saw such little fruit for their labors ? Some might say the reason lay in the quality of the sermons. He admitted that this was important, but he would not admit that the reason lay there. The best master of genuine eloquence the world had ever possessed did not succeed very well in gaining souls. After years of labour He found Him. self with only 120 followers. The reason was in the unhealthiness of the climate in which He labored; the unbe niet of the people. This was precisely the condition in hundreds of churches to-day. What was the remedy ? A genuine revival of religion - another 'entecostal baptism. He was not one of those who believed in getting up a revival. There was a legitmate way of creating an interest in spiritual things, by calling down the Blessed Spirit who alone could give the intsrest. The first step must be to put away those things that offended God. Be fore God appeared on Mt. Sinai the Israelites had to 'cleanse themselves. The speaker here referred to the rain. making experiments in America, rend ered necessairy by the denudation of the forests having decreased the rainfall. There were people who said that the old way of getting rain was the best, and a start had been made with plant ing the forests afresh. It was just the same way with the Christian people. They wanted a time of refreshing. The clouds of divine promise sailed far above them, and the" sent here alnd there for that and this evangelist, and for a time the air trembled and a tor rent fell, but it seron passed aoay, anl the air became more parched than ever. They wanted to cultiva;te mire care fully the trees of righteusness within the sacred encl.sur-. T'hcev wanted to fulfil more faithfully their duties to, (,Go and man, and the cludi. if prhmi.ie wcould break c.r their he.ad,. Pra\cers to (;'cx rm1ut nott Is' forgotten, ardl tilio. must Ie piers?,al elffort for thr welfare of souls. Iran,:r and labmr ShOuhld unit' to'cth,:r t, I ,.d, aml what l, hal yj ini.,l t,-thel: r ,let no man putl aiunitlr. In n,,lrh:',in h,. had only to say that the rec'>ponsiilitv of a r'ligi hus Ic ival lay at the (isr 'of the Chris tian (lhuch. T'he Lord was as willing It lie was ii agcs gn?' yI. If thei dry lsnme. in the vallh' of vision did not rise up and demand a bilessing Christians, and Christians alone, were to blame. MIr. \\\\. Phillips sang "Pass Under the Rod." and Miss Jarrett " The Song that reached my Heart,' both in a manner that evoked the hearty appro baution of the audience. The Chairman, in introducing the next speaker, the Rev. j. R. Cooper, spoke of the cordial' relationship exist ing between the ministers of the town. Mr. Cooper, after referring to 'the amount of time consuned by the other speakers, said he was ihere in the name of his brother in the ministry toblessGod for His abundant goodness to them as a church during the months of the past past year. He endorsed the wish of the previous speaker, who wanted a re vival brought down in preference to one that was got up. He rejoiced that there had bern those who had been truly con verted to God during the mission of the Rev. J. McNeil; he had received some of them into the fellowship of his own church. He magnified the grace of God towards them in giving them such a season of blessing. He was glad also that during the past year there had been a closer union amongst the differ ent sections of the one church. They had -previously loved 'each other well, but they had never showed it so much as of late. He was truly thankful to Mr. Shanks for his kindly and faithful hints. As a mhinister of the Lord Jesus Christ and a messenger of the Lord God he did not preach for the gratification of those who came for an intellectual treat; if they came seeking for a message .from the Lord Jesus Christ they would not be eager to escape from the sanctuary. For themselves he wished them Holy Ghost power during" this coming year. They must not remain stationary; they must either drift or: drive-rise or sink. He trusted that the Lord would give them such buoyancy of spirit that when the blessing came they would rise to the occasion and promote His glory. Mr. Geenham sang " The Toilers," a pathetic song of which the singer caught the spirit, and the choir contributed another anthem. Mr. D. Brown in a humorous speech proposed a vote of thanks to the visit ing ministers, the ladies whohad waited on the tables, the choir and the gentle men who had provided the tea. The motion was seconded by Mr. H. Camp. bell andcarriedwithhearty acclamation, and the meeting dosed with the usual devotional exercises. 