On and Off the Stage. The Amazons will be presented for the last time this evening. Since the first performance the com pany generally have introduced many additional touches to their acting. Miss Romer, as lady Castlejordan, modulates her voice a little more, so that she no longer gives the impression of talking like a schoolmistress during a dictation lesson. Mrs. Brough talks and acts a little more impul sively; Miss Gibson has a little more of boyish roguishness; while Miss Noble "makes eyes" with little more self-possession. Mr. Titheradge is not quite so heavy, and Mr. Cecil Ward is not quite so farcical. Mr. Boucicault was perfect on the first night, and has not deteriorated. As to the other parts, Miss Major never will walk like a well-drilled woman, and Mr. Carey never will talk or behave like an Anglican vicar. Still the public is indifferent to the want of finish in the minor parts and laughs consumedly at the farcical incidents of the comedy. To-morrow evening The Magistrate will be revived for two nights, Mr. Brough taking the leading part, Miss Watt-Tanner and Mr. Daniels resuming their old parts, in which they have not been seen since the play was first produced. On Cup night Haddon Chambers' drama, The Idler, will be produced, to be followed on Thursday by Niobe, and on Saturday November 11, A Village Priest will be revived for a week. * * * 'J.11115 Bijou Theatre has attracted a fair share of the theatre-going public to witness the 1'rivutc Secretary Mr. Thornton's personation of x,he Rev. Robert (Spalding is just as diverting and just as perfectly acted as it was five years ago. Mr, 1-Iarwood's Catteruiole in some respects is an inn provernent on liis previous representation. Ho is a little bruscpuer in action and sharper in tone, show mg more of the peppery disposition of the old Anglo- Indian. The other members of the company have improved on their acting during the first wool;, and consequently the fun is kept constantly rolling, giving the audience no time to pause betwoon thou laughter. Next Wednesday, to plaaso country visitors, Hans the Boatman will bo revived, and Mr. Clnulos Arnold will bo able to show that his voiou has not deteriorated during his past few yours of travel. The two oyoloramas, always a great attraction at holiday time to country visitors, are offering special inducements to eity residents, resolved 011 a little relaxation during the race week. At the siogo of Paris oyclorama, in addition to the lectures 011 thu Fx-auco-Russiau wax1, an entertainment, entitled A Walk through Paris, will be given at 0 o'clock each evening, the story of the lecturer being illustrated with limelight views of all the beauties of the "Queen City of Europe." To-morrow afternoon,a coucevt will bo given by popular artists, and after noon tea served round. At the Jerusalem oyclorama in Yiotoria Parade, in addition to the instructive! lectures, special views of Egypt aud Palestine urn presented in the evening, and an excellent pro gramme of sacred songs will bo rendered, with orchestra and organ aecompaxiiment. TiiJ'iHK was a groat rush on Tuesday morning lu secure seats for the opening performance of tlio Italian Opera Company at the Sydney Lycoum. Air. Goodman thinks tho business will bo the biggest on record. Tho only advauce in prices has been in the dress circle, in which the seats are Oh, each. Mu. Edward Fax-ley's Comic Opox-u Company stalls with li'alinitza at the Imperial Opera House, Sydney, to-morrow. Tlxo .'company includes Miss Lydia Ivnxxova, Miss Edith Moore, Miss Cecily Staunton, Mr. William Walshe, Mr. Harry Craig and Mi-. J00 Stark, the prices being lis., 2s. axxd Is. It is under stood that it is an experiment occasioned by tliu success of Harry Richards'' variety entertain ment at tho Sydney Tivoli, and tho lowering ot pi-ices at- tlxo 'Sydney Theatre Royal and Hoi' Majesty's. Most travelling companies abuse the township of Orange, says tho Grange Leader, but then most travelling oompatuos ai'Q cmll'ors. Tho fact is that country residents along the railway lino now know too mualx' and go too often to the metropolis to bu imposed upon by a mob ot supers.posing as "stars, but when something worth looking at comes alonji It gets a fair audlenoo a! 1 right. The " buru-stormoi ls played out on tho railway lino. liAi'tuY Rlokards' lossuoship of tho Sydney Allium bra, Avhioli began with suoli n loud Jloiu-ish m trumpets, lias suddenly terminated, and everybody is asking " Why P" Mats, Mollnoux, who was a member of. ^'n'(A Huntley's Sydney company and takes an active pi in Sydney fashionable aimituur theatricals, w» wife of u naval surgeon, witlx'whom she, some tii or four years ago, made a trip to possesses considerable dramatic-, talent mul popular in Sydney society. MA. Warwiolt Gaiuer Iti at .present in A0ij rehearsing hew operas witlx a company iorm <rive " Grand English Operas at Summer Prices.' Mdlle. Biva Cuunninga and Henrietta Dreyer are the principal sopranos, and other members of the cast have been gathered in from Emma Juch's the National, and the Carl Bosa companies. Mr •• -UT.. „,J as on September 14, prior to the departure of the company for Boston and Philadelphia^ "Mr. Max llirshfeldt was musical director. "VViU'rJNa from. San Francisco on September 20, Miss Tillio Salinger announces her approaching marriage with Mr. Phil. Branson, the tenor of the opera company at the Tivoli Theatre. Miss Salinger, whose most notable success in Australia was as Beatrice in Miss Nellie Stewart's production of Jioccucdo, rather more than three years ago, has since been attached to the Tivoli Theatre, San Fran cisco, where there is a permanent stock opera company of established reputation. Miss Gracio Plaisted, more lately Miss Fanny" Liddiard, and other Australian favourites are on the stall'. When the mail left, Miss Salinger was appearing as Gretchen in the opera- Rip Van Winkle. The latest number to hand of tlio London Era publishes an interview with our old Australian friend, Mr. Clarance Holt, father of Mr. Bland Holt, containing several items of interest worthy of quota tion. Mr. Holt peve confesses, it seems, to havim* made two fortunes in Australia, the first of which he lost in management at the Marylebone Theatre, London, while of the second it is to be hojied a fair portion still remains in his hands. It was while in partnership with Mr. Charles Wilmot, "an old ally in the colonies," at the Duke's Thoatre, London, that New Babylon, refused by several other manage ments, was accepted and produced. The profit accruing from this drama to author, managers and agents is estimated by Mr. I-Jolt to have amounted to no less than -£40,000—and yet that style of play is rapidly going out of fashion. AocouwNa to Mr. Holt, " there wore in tlio theatrical profession jn those days — some fifty;:! years ago — four Messieurs .Bogers, pleasantly,' distinguished as Gentleman Rogers, Drunken Roger's, Dirty Rogers, and Swindling Rogers." By one of these, " who need not bo specified," Mr. Holt was engaged at the old Theatre Royal, Jersey, where, during four months, his salary averaged lis. Gd. a week. A slight contrast this to his earnings during his first * tour in Australia— "<£8700 for his personal appearance for 350 nights." It was Mr. Coppin, says Mr. Holt, whose glowing account of Australia induced liitn to visit this part of the world. G. V. Bwookis's coming to Australia is also due, says Mr. Holt, to the great Australian dramatic speculator of the "Fifties." Brooke, then appearing at Birmingham, "met Coppin, who had come to England in the capacity of a comedian, and, dis gusted with his reception, was about to return to Australia, but he promptly made a three years' contract with Brooke, who returned with him, at a perfectly enormous salary." It is interesting to note, from Mr. Holt's remarks, that there are still two London theatres—but, alas ! only two—" where the theory of the old stock com pany" is still " carried out in its entirety." Those are the Britannia aud the Surrey theatres, the former under the highly successful management of Mrs. S. Lane (no relation to the lady, formerly of Collins-street, whose daughter Mabel has recently embraced a theatrical career), and the latter engineered by the famous George Conquest. Mjss Pattie Browne's latest Loudon appearance is at the Court Thoatre in The Other Fellow, an adapta tion of the funny but, of course, highly suggestive French farcical comedy, Chaxnpignol Malgrt! Lux. Her part—Charlotte—is that of a servant, and appears to suit lior soxibrette calibre, since she is reported as showing " a great amount of smartness and cleverness." Mis, Georgo Rignold still advertises Her Majesty's as "the premier theatre in Atistralia," But, you see, we have a " Premier" in each colony, though, by the way, Melbourne... alone can boast of a "Premier" Permanent Liquidating Society, costing 7up"fo7;date £70,000, without a shilling for unfortu nate. sharolVoldo rs. Mu. Garnet Walch writes us as follows:—"May I crave a little space amongst your dramatic notices to say a word or two about the late Robert Vernon, actor and gentleman, wliose sudden death last week is matter for sincere regret to so many of us who happen to be more or less connected with the Axis- ' tralian stage. As he formed one of friend Dam pier's company at the Alexandra Theatre during the couple of years that saw me connected with that establish ment, and as I was thrown still more closeJy into daily contact with him while on a memorable three months' tour, I had a very fair opportunity of gaug ing his qualities from several points of view. .Briefly, he was a man who put much real genuine work into his acting and thoroughly studied the interests of the management under which he happened to be. He never, to my knowledge, hesitated to carry out what was required of him, even although it might fairly be considered to be beyond, not to say beneath, the range of his duties. I make a point of stating my experience'herein for reasons which 1 shall not here sot down, hut which are none the less cogent for all that. ' liaddie,' I have heard him say to a junior member of the company who was rather inclined to be restive under managerial discipline, •Laddie, you're not quite so old as 1 am—though within a few points, perhaps, of being as handsome —just take a bit of advice in the spirit I give it in— never think a part too small to play, and to play to the best of your ability, and never forget that the manager may have fifty worries to your one; so help him all you can, and don't throw obstacles in his way.' And then lie would hurry off to change his make-up from that of' a leading character in the piece to a non-spealcing part in which his by-play would fill in an effective corner in the dramatic mosaic, necessitating, however, another rapid and complete change in order to resume the important role which, in itself, constituted a full evening's work. Earnest, willing, and ever reliable, Robert Vernon deserved and gained the confidence of us all, and I, for one, am proud to have called him ' tx-iend.' His dark eyes rise before me as I write and smilo a sad farewell. Shall we meet again, laddie H I trust so, and in a world where there will be neither banks to break nor theatres to close, no ' Poverty Point,' j no obstinate ' ghosts' declining to ' walk'—in short, no troubles, and ah !—no tears." 