WAS IT A GHOST THEY, SAW P Msg. H. H. JENNINGS.'lives ^fc^oXztL Main-street, Bridgeport* afd - fllss Minire\ Parrot boards with her.<t 2?he bouse is an old one, but in good order. I One&|gira»£}ft in Deoember (1891) th& women lookeS all the doors and went trf^£e^heatre J_leav^' ing not a soul in the houB6».°4U~ gas burning, however, in the'lit-^-^-™*.. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Bight in the middle of the room Btood a dark man of gigantio stature. The upper part of hitf faoe was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he oarried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The f omen fled screaming from the rnrm, Jennings ^ V ^ T S f i later he found no one in the paridar.Tnd S? {he doora and -Windows secure^' b l a What was it.&e; wometo saw? 6d - • ' During a reoeint period of ill With, totes an .American friend, " s L Wraralfuimessive nigh^nZ ' t t * h , e > about twMook r E" ^f^'y Woused from- a doze% ^ temedhk* the calling 0/my ndZ ;luift the foot offlwbed stood the i^Keofrnv mother just as.she looked flve S heC as Bhe was leaving home to & on a joW* on wh10h journey she Was jJled * ' 2 ft , 1 soreamed fihd faintfd.. ?Taa L°S en ° U - eh t0 - t J womm gossips sai^ 61 . itwrfs 1 of a ^ summons ^ looal fed old x would never get weU. Yetl dia, and im in perfect health now. I belike tW Son came of my weak nerves, for I've neve^ en it since, and it's.more than three years ago No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there', no end to the tricks the nerves will play on yoa When.yotfr ayfltem is OHt orfioBdition In March 1890, it . was that. Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott-road, PokesdOwn, Hants wrote us as follows I tea. so dreadfully nervous. I could..not bear anypne in the room with me, yet I did hot wish them .far away in oase I should call out for Wd This was in June, 1889. I slept Very bidlv aod iii the morning felt little the better for gone to., bed. There, was often a te pain in my head and over my ej& I was sick most-of the time. My skin /dry and yellow,.and the stomach and r Jls felt oold and dead. By-and-by I had \- lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didnt know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and ootild not retain even that on jny; stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely Jailed.: My head ached so dreadfully I thought I Bhould lose my Benses, and ihy friends agreed that I would never get better. '' I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, c>f Bournemouth, called and asked'what I was taking. She told me she Chilled Butter Company.. Mr. M'Nabb was voted to the chair, and there were about 20Q present. Speakers representing creameries at Pine Lodge, Kialla, Mooroopna North, Aroiadia, Congupna, etc., urged two main ooinpiaints, first, that they Fere getting 2Jd. aa against 3d. said to be. paid by other creameries; seoond, that the Bystem of payment by results was unsatisfactory, inasmuoh as the testa were applied in Melbourne. The following resolution was carried :—" That the-company be requested to pay 3d. per gallon for milk until the tests on whioh payment by.result is based can be carried out at the creameries." A number of the suppliers intimated that unless more satisfactory terms were conoeded they would unite to form cooperative creameries. With referenoe to a Sydney telegram statingthat fears are entertained there that there is likely to be a heavy deoline in the prioeof Australian butter on the London market shortly, Mr. E. Ebdy, the South Australian butter . expert, is of opinion that there is no cause for apprehension on the part of exporters. He has pointed out that Australian shipments of batter arrive in Lopdon when the supply from European markets is limited, owing to the cattle on the Continent having to be honsed during the winter months. He considers, if there is to be,a fall owing to the large shipments from Australia, the fall will only be a slight one. The barley crop in the Nnmurkah distriot is giving very satisfactory returns, yields of five and six bags per aore being reported. Mr. J. M'Leod, Strathmerton, has thrashed out 60 aores of barley crop for a yield of 10 bags per aore. The grain is smaller and oorer in colour than last year. Four shil- per bushel was given for new barley on Sngs Saturday, but on Monday only 3s. lOd. Thb majority of Tatura farmers, who have combined sheep farming with the growing of 1 oereals, are well pleased with this year's clip, and the very satisfactory prioes obtained for orosBbreds particularly, some of them topping the market at 8Jd. per lb. Around Boort hay-making is now almost ovSr, and stripping has commenced in some pUMMB, though the mild, cool weather which we are experiencing, is keeping, baok operatiops. The yield will be a variable one, and not up to expectation or the average for the district. The Boort oreamery is putting through a large quantity of milk just now, though the supply is of course diminishing, on account of the growing soaroity of grass. The hay harvest in the Birohip distriot is about completed, and has, on the whole, been a satisfactory one. Stripping has commenced around there, the " Stein wedel" so far being the only variety of wheat ready. The Werribee Butter Faotory, whioh was erected by the Messrs. Chirnside at the request of several of the dairy farmers of the distriot, oommenoed operations on Monday morning. Milk is being supplied to the faotory from all parts of the distriot, the price paid being 3d. per gallon for all milk. On Saturday evening last the adjourned meeting in conneotion with the proposal to establish a butter faotory at Upper Yarra was held at the Home Hotel, Launohing Plaoe, Cr. M. Byan occupying the ohair. A representative from Messrs. Bartram and Sons, Melbourne, was in attendance, and explained how appliances and buildings could be obtained and erected at a oost of about £250. After discussion it was deoided to select a Bite for the proposed faotory in Byan's paddock, on the Don-road. It was further decided that the faotory be oalled the Launching Plaoe Butter Factory. A prospectus was adopted showing the capital at £500 in shares of £1 each, payable by is. on application, 2s. on allotment, and the balance in oalls not exceeding 2s. per share per month if necessary. About 120 shares were applied for by those present. At a general meeting of the Grasmere Cheese and Butter Faotory Company on Tuesday the balance-sheet for the halfyear ended 30th September was presented. The reoeipts totalled £6103 10b. 2d., of which £4852 12s. lid. as reoeived for sale of butter, £182 18s. 5d. for skim milk, and £1053 9s. 5d. onus. Against this was an expenditure of 4635 3s. 3d., the principal items of which were:—£3926 17s. 6d. for milk, £154 0s. 5d. for working expenses, £298 4fl. 2d. salaries rind wageB. The profit ofl the half-year's qperations was £1468 6s. lid., out of wbioh i dividend of 7 per cent, was paid on all wares, and a bonus of OJd. per gallon on all ihilk supplied during the month of April, and 3d. per lb. on the butter yield for the remaining five months. • j The advioes from Sydney as to a probable fall in the prioe of butter in the London market are (the Argus of Wednesday says) donfirmed to some extent by advices of Melbourne agents. The lowest rates are less likely to affect butter now on the water than the shipments to arrive about the end of January. London buyers advise their willingness to advanoe on later shipments to the extent of 65s. per owt. for dairy and from 80s. to 84s. per owt. on factory butters. The actual prioes obtained will, it is expected, be somewhat higher. Faotory butter has in the past sold as low as 80B.—but there was then a boom for export—per cwt. in London, and such rates_ are not considered payable, though the impression amongst some experts who have studied the trade at home is that the oost of production will have to be brought down to something like that rate before we oan expeot a large permanent trade. 