i The rose of allandale. i I Bx GORDON STABLES, MJ)., R.N., I ftuthoi 0f » 889 The Bterf of Double life," w The Mystery of a Millionaire's Grave," etc. I A. TALL, LTClXXQUS riGUBE APPEARED WALKING OVER TUB WATEB& I CHATTER XXV.— fOosrixTKj).) I There really was eomethinir from a woman's I point of view very taking about Prank I jff'Naughton. Albeit bis faoo was always I Mle — for be never bronzed to a brick-red lure ga most travellers in tropical regions do— it I vr&e; a handsome face, and bad a handsome I proflle, for it is in profile that so many other I wise, good- looking men fail. Thoy look well I stem on, and it is from thie point of view I they invariably study themselves, turning complacently away from the mirror with a I jsinile. I "Not half a bad -looking fellow," they aay I as they sum themselves up. "1 can't I wonder at ladies falling in love with a face I like that." I If, however, nine ont of every ten of these I salf-contented coxcombs were to take a ft second mirror and study themselves in pro- ft fjle, then ft They'd see themrelv<»s as GUicr««ee them. And it might fi-om many & laultie free thcui. ft Bat Prank's profile was a most pleasing one. P then those dreamy poerio eyes of his so often I seen with that wad, far-away look in them, I wet when talking in praise of soroo of bis favorite bards, lighting up with a fire that | was startling while the burning words leapt "to bis lips and found utterance in tones bb I sweet as a lullaby, were quite enough to I -win the heart of any ordinary girl. I 1 am not quite certain whether or not Tilda was an ordinary girl. 1 Know she was not so highly educated as many of the American girls one meets abroad. But then she was correspondingly less didactic, and if she bad sot quite so much self- possession she bad more heart and feeling. This is almost equivalent to saying that Tilda had fallen in love with Frank. Well, I fear she had. That was the pity of it. The awful pity of it, as events will show. For Frank had no heart to give. It is not really to bo wondered at, that thrown together as these two young people were amid such romantic surroundings, one At least had learned to love. Frank had really nothing to do on board this ship, though gladly enough sometimes would he have been to help io take in sail, or set sail, or even to take his trick at the wheel. His services not being required, he did what any other man wonld have done, he gravitated towards Tilda. They read the poets together, and studied Browning. TYhen they -seeded & change, they found it in the study of the marine fauna. And this constitutes a far greater range of fltndy than many miht believe. Toe Mountain Wave had been sailing most of the time, the truth being that skipper Boniface was anxious to spare his coal for emergencies. The toipwas three weeks from last port, -and though a vast deal of progress hod not been made, she was now well up among the South Sea Islands." These seas teem with the tiny wonders of animal acd vegetable life. Frank and Tilda had a muslin net each, and these -they used to drag overboard for an hour, then meet in ft quiet corner of the saloon to w«sh off and mount their captures. ThiB needed very great care and oantion. Often the animal - coles they caught were so small as to be Almost invisible until arranged by means of fine needles upon blaok oarda. Then their beauties were indeed displayed to perfection. Tiny, tiny, transparent fiehlets — I am coining ft word on purpose— strangely shaped little ftaa-demons, with bodies that though mostly ftbining like silver, displayed all the colors of ' the rainbow ; small, dreadfully diminutive beings, m ny of them so grotesquely hideous that bad they been ten thousand times as big, as Tilda said, they were ugly enough | to turn one to stone through perfect terror; creatures with awful eyes, with fierce, vindic tive jaws, creatures with heads out of all proportion to their bodies, creatures armed with claws and teeth and spines so cruel that, to beings of their own, they mnst have seemed veritable terrors of the ocean. Many of their finds, when -viewed with an Ordinary magnifying glass looked so fierce and. awful that poor Tilda started and bhivcred with dread. But the vegetable life they ensnared in those nets was different entirely, microscopic ferns and shrubs, microscopic flowers radiant with light and odor ana shape and beaaty that it is impos sible to describe. All this was semi-microscopic study, bnt It was very delightful, and tended to draw the yonng folks' hearts together in love and friendship advisedly, love on poor Tilda's wide, friendship real and true on hie. But there were giant fauna as well as semi - aaicrosoopic to be studied. Hand in hnd, as if they had been two children, Frank and Tilda often roamed up and -down the decks for an hour at a time fore mid aft as well. And there was invari ably something to he seen and to be admired. The birds for example. The beautiful and Stnngs piebald gulls. But whether they Bailed in the air or floated drowsily on the sea's surface, always cave one the idea of ttmaoutate cleaoliness and spotless beauty. Waver a feather awry, never a line or a curve cut of proportion. The monster Albatross— great-eagle of the Mtthat seemed to live but to soar on the ambient air. A bird whose very will ap peared to support or to carry him with lightning rapidity along on the wings of the wind, or dead against the strnnewt breeze that blew. Truly a marvellm? bird. And did not this eagle of the sea afford a chance to Frank to repeat from beginning to end the whole of Coleridge's weird lay of the ' Ancient Mariner." Then there were wee, pitiful Mother Carey's chickens that looked like chips of fiark lightning hut that always carried a glint of sunshine on their back— apparently even when the sun was not shining at alt And the frigate bird, another marine wonder, who flies or soars for days and weeks without ever alighting at-al!, and who sleeps as he soars upon the wind. But the dark ocean itedlf had its formal marvels, that were startling enough at times, oa when the huge black bead of eono marine monster with fierce big ey6a was suddenly protmded from the elope of a wave ; stare around tike a nightmare, then once more disappear, leaving the astonished gazer to - doubt whether the apparition bad been real, end not a fearful freak of imagination. 1 One way and another the forenoons fled 1 nway with strange rapidity, and he luncheon hell always rang out loud and -clear before either Frank or Tilda could toll bow the time had slipped away. Happy youth ! Happy hours. Hat 8 change soon caane. CHAPTER XXVI.—1 Tsv Darkness Clung Abound tiir Shit like Thickest Grate. "Sorrows seiaom come cingly." Whoever he was who first made this 1 Maark, he mast have had a fairly length - Jtod experience of the ups and downs of human life. No one oan deny that there is Considerable truth in thia adage Do we not SjMv£hie exemplified almost evary yearP "W we runs of look and runs of ill-took, \- 305) Perhaps there -is no such thing ae luok or ill- luck either in the world, acd no such thing as chance. I am not stopping to consider tills. My own idea is that happiness, or what are called the joys of life, sometimes come in shoals, and griefs follow in lino, too often treading on each other's heels. Fortune msy smile on us for years, and all at oooe turn round and apparently make t dead set at us. Bat not to moralise, let me get at once to facts. No one there on that sunny forenoon, on the Mountain Wave, could have dreamt that either danger or sorrow was anywhere near. To be sure the shio was becalmed, or had been, for hoars, for the wind had fallen all of a sadden, gone down almost as quickly as a candle goes out when you direct the breath upon it. In an hour after this there was not a ripple or cat's-paw to he seen even from the masthead, only huge rolling seas, with a glow on their surface like mercury. In the shade of ihe ship, had you looked overboard, so clear was the water that yon could have seen right away down into cool depths, unfathomable, awful, Fes, awful, for while Frank and Tilda leased over the bulwarks, she holding by a stay, he with one arm gently round her slender waist to support her, right away down there they could see etiuoge- looking elongated little fishes, one, two three, with dark backs and oreamy-lookipg sides, sailing round ADd round. ¥69, and getting larger and larger momentarily, till they appeared veritably to grow beneath their startled eyes — till at last tbey changed into the most terribie-lookiug sharks that Frank had ever beheld. Their dark fins protruded above water sow, and their sly, evil eyes almost fascinated the beholders till thev could not help saying to themselves, " What an awful thing if one were seized while looking at those monsters with a kind of madness that ehoald impel one to cast oneself into the sea V1 It would indeed be s fearfnl thing ! Hardly wonld it be accomplished ere those tigers of the ocean that now looked so sly, so calm, would rouse themselves to action, would lash their tales with fiercest anger, and the sea around would epeedly be red with human blood . Tilda drew back at last. " Come, Will," he said, 4 X am getting fasciuated. 1 do not know what I might not do." And the girl shuddered as she clung to Frank's arm. But steam was being got np speedily. Already the smoke was rising in great volumes from the funnel and floating around the ship like an ugly thunder cloud. Then, by- and-bye, np roared the steam, and after one or two spasmodic gasps, like those emitted from ihe lungs of a -dying leviathan, the pulses of the great sbip'began to beat and throb, and there was a rash of foaming : up-churned water heard under the otem, and the Mountain Wave began slowly to forge ahead and face the swelling seas. There was a green island some miles dis tant that hung like an amethyst on the hori- son — a kind of tittle fairyland 'iwixt sea and sky, and fringed in front by three lines of enow-white, foaming breakers. Frank and Tilda hod swarmed up and on to the narrow bridge, which was reached by a Utdder from near to the mainmast, and stood looking at this island through their field-glasses. " How beautiful it is, Will," she said innocently enough. 44 How I should like to laud there. What a primitive, happy people they must he who inhabit that lovely isle of theses! Does It not strike yon as being a kind of floating fairyland, Will lr" Before he could reply she went on to de scribe what she saw. First there are the rolling seas close here in the foreground, the sunlight flashing from their surface, then the ever-widening bine expanse of ocean, then thoBe tines of snowy breakers, with here and there a darker rift where no waves seem to break, then another strip of blue, next a sandy beach, only a shade less white than the breskiag waves, and last of all the green, green trees. " And now, O, now, I can see dark figures on the beach, hurrying and soorrying hither and thither, like antB on a summer lawn when their nest has been disturbed. What a pity, Will, we ore not closer to the shore. I'm sure the Captain wonld let as land." Frank laid a hand gently on her shoulder, and he looked up in smiling oonfidence. " Do vou know, mv dear little shinmate. what you might expect if you were to land yonder?" he asked. 14 0, a warm weloome from the poor creatures." 41 Very. It would be so excessively warm that you would be sorry ever yon had been born. Why, Tilly, those are savages, and more than likely cannibals. They wonld cook and eat my little shipmate." I don't believe it, "Will. More than likely they would eover me with leaves, and I should be Queen of the Cannibal Isles. See, they have lit a fire now." 14 Yes ; that is to warn us off, or to tell us what to expect if we show face on tha> floating fairyland." 44 But why should they hate the white man F" 44 The white man's own fault, dear chum. Many years ago, Tilly, it was proposed by wise legislators that a contraot with mutual benefits accruing therefrom might be entered into between the natives of very many of the islands that are dotted all around in these seas and our white brethren of Australia. We, the white folks, were authorised to go and make a bargain with these black brothers of ours. They, the black brothers, were to he offered a free passage to some of our colo nies, good food, good pay, some extra gar ments —for in the matter of wearables they are exceedingly primitive— and a safe return to their own boonie shores. 41 At the first off-go the whites were ex ceedingly good to the blaokfellows, and very willing andexcellent workers they found them. And when the natives returned tbey spread a good report. They had seen and resided io a land flowing with milk and honey, and they had come back in peace and with money — beautiful bronze money with which they might purchase tobacoo and even rum from passing ships. 4 ' So tilings went on for a time, but, lo ! the perfidious whites broke faith with their sable brothers. They came to treat them anyhow, so to speak. They cheated them, they beat them, they starved them, and they even charged tliem for their passage back. So it came to p&bs; that the white men we e looked upon as devils, Tilly, end some of them on landing on fresh islands received the doom of devils, and were burnod alive. 44 Retaliation was now the cry of the white men, and the worst of these saw their way, under the pretext of meetino out justioe to these islanders and avenging their de funct fellows, of making a very good thing «fii indeed. So, instead of loading peace fully to bargain for labor, they landed on plunder and rcvpnge intent ; tbey murdered I women and babes, they fired villages and I took prisoners. These prisoners on being carried off to the vile blood-recking ships ef these black-birders, 'as those engaged in traffic are called, were offered their lives if they would serve as laborers and volunteers. So the poor creatures 4 volunteered.' And thus the traffic went — a kind of intorneoine war, Tilly— and thus it is going on till this day, "When our pretty blaok-birdera find out an island where the deceitful character of white men has not gone before them, then, indeed, tbey have a prize. For they treat the poor creatures with great kindness at first. They make them presents of beads and cloth, and reoeive in return fruit, fish and honey. When friendly relations are fairly established they give a feast or two on board the ship itself, and administer a modi cum of fire water, and in the midst of the feasting and general jollity down below, the hatohes are suddenly clapped on, sail is set, and away to sea goes the pretty black- birder, with his cargo of volunteers. What think yon of this for s true pictare of british slavery, my dear, and innocent Tilly ?" 44 It is brutal, horrible," cried Tilda, with the tears in hor eyes, 44 and I tbink it is oruel in the extreme, in the English Go vernment. not to pat enoh a fearful trade down. Why don't they?" 44 Because, Tilly, the Irish question must take precedence of everything else, and, because it is supposed to be for the good of civilisation, and the spread of religion and encouragement of colonisation, that all these cm g I ties should exist." "Dear Will," said Tilda, 44 yon have quite taken the romance out of my fairy-land ; afloat. But see, it is receding from ne now." 44 Yes, Tilly, since we have been talking and yarning here, lo and behold, the engineers ana stokers have been busy bete w, and steam is up at last." 44 1 don't like steam." " No, nor I. I am old-fashioned enough to love the white wings that ship spreads to waft them swan-like o'er the water. To mc living in a noisy, hot, and guilty steamship, always smacks of life in a mill, tirereis neither rest nor romance about it, night nor day ; and instead of really enjoying oneself, one is always in a kind of fever to get the voyage over, intent every day at noon in discovering what the ran has been for the lost four and twenty hours, and when the ship will reach her journey's end. In a eteamfhip, Tilda, 4 man never is bnt always to be blest,' in a sailing craft, if there be any repoBe about his nature at all, he can be ae calm, contented and happy as the summer day is long. 44 But come, dear Tilly, I am keeping you up in the sun here far too long, and look, your uretty white dross is getting quite colored with blocks. Let me help you down the steep stair." "I'm snre I should never be tired staying up here, Will, with you by my side, to talk thus pleasantly to me." Frank sighed. 44 You are always sighing," said Tilda, frankly. 44 I'd give a good deal to know the history of your life. I'm sore there ib a lady in it." 44 Isn't there a lady in ihe history of every man's life, TiUy? I feel sure' there is Ladies are a great power for good or evil. Come. Sixteen stops. Put your right foot first for luok." A moment after, Tilda was safe on deok, and standing by her mother's side. 44 0, mother," she said, potting one arm half round that capacious waist, 44 Mr Smith has been telling me such dreadful stories about black beetles." 44 Black beetles, child P Yon mean cock roaches." 44 No, mother, so, I didn't mean black beetles, but black-birders, dreadful white men, yon know, that land on the islands around here, capture the natives, and carry them avay fro m their homes into exile and slavery." 44 Is that so, Mr Smith ?" 4 1 tear it is only too true, Mrs Keighly," said Frank. 44 Tell mother what you told me,' said Tilda. F rank looked as if he did sot muoh relish resuming his narrative, and was nnfeignedly relieved when Mrs Colonel £eighly said : " 0,no, dear Tilda, I should have dreams, nightmares and all kinds of bogey-haunted sleep, you know how weak my heart is !" Then she put her arm through Choliy's and sailed away aft. On over the sunlight sea steamed the Mountain Wave, on and on and on. Many a little green isle was passed, and many a dangerous shoal as well. For these last men were constantly on the outlook. Seldom, indeed, was any broken water observable, only a change of color in the deep bine of the ooean's breast could he distinguished sometimes, ae much sb a league away ; then the course wonld be altered somewhat and the ship kept away from all source of danger. But these wide green or yellow patohes were not the worst feature in the navigation of these treacherous seas. For sometimes a dark patch of rocks wonld seem to rise np almost under the very bows of the good ship, and she had to have a very hard-down helm indeed to avoid a collision that would inevitably have resulted in destruction. The truth is the vessel had somehow got considerably out of her course, and, although Ben Boniface had sailed 'twixt Sydney and 1 'Frisco more times than he could tell on his ten fingers, he had somehow gone astray this voyage. Bnt towards evening, a crood hoar, indeed, before the great crimson snn sank down in the burning west, and night's starry pall had fallen o'er the ooean, all danger seemed past. Never a green isle was to he seen, and never a patch of grey water, or yellow even, from the mainmast head. So extra hands were put in the chains and good outlooks stationed. Then even Boniface himself gave a sigh of rolinf aa hp flpenended to his cabin to dress for dinner. It is wonderfnl what bold sailors those men are who know nothing of the Fee and its perils. Gholly was one of these. No number of voyages could ever have made a seaman of Cholly. His bunk was always his 44 bed," his cabin his 44 bedroom," the steward was "waiter,"— and don't faint my seafaring friend — he positively talked of the upper dock as the 44 lid" of toe ship. As to ropes or spars, rigging, satis or shrouds, Cholly knew no more than Rover himself. But he never thought of danger, never dreamt he was not quite as safe on board Bhip as he could have been in the Great Western hotel, Haddington, or the Palace at 'Frisco. When Frank took Tilda down to dinner that evening he found Captain Ben standing by the glass, and humming a tune to himself. This was a habit Ben had when deeply im mersed in thought. 44 How is the glass, captain ?" said Frank, leaving his seat for a minute to join the sturdy mariner. Ben laughed a little puzzled kind of a laugh, and looked at Frank. 44 You're a sailor," he said, 44 perhaps yon understand it. Bother me if I do." 44 Why," be continaed, 44to my certain knowledge that glass has risen and fallen twice within the hour and now it is going tumbling down again." Frank looked serious. 44 1 oonfess, Captaiu Ben," he said, " that I dou't like it. We're going to have some thing, I guess" 44 O, yes, it is main easy to guess that, but what that something is going to he is the puzzle." 'Well, sir," said Frank, "though we can't help being uneasy, let us hope for the beet. Thank your stars, Captain Ben. you've got steam up. Ah ! here comes Mrs Colonel Eoighly.' Cholly and she entered just at that moment, but somehow his merry, empty laugh seemed to jar terribly on Frank's feelings, as be sat down to dinner besides Tilda. He longed to check the man's merriment, and tried to do so without alarming the ladies. 4'Choily," he said, "were you ever in a gale of wind: a downright blow, you know?" 4 'Dear boy, yes, in a score on 'em. They never frighten ChoUy." ' 1 trust, Captain Boniface," said Mrs Colonel Keigbly, 44 that we are not about to experience bad weather!" " We may have a little puff, madazne," was the reply, " we canzrot always expect to have It fine, yon know'1 So the dinner proceeded, much as usual, Cholly being in his very finest form, the doctor ready to laugh at anything that any body said, Captain Ben still looking puzzled and fax mote silent than Frank liked to see him. Hardly was dessert finished ere Bon stole on deck and Frank followed him. Both of these men had experienced many a dark night in the .tropics, bat never surely anything so inky -black as this. It was appalling In the extreme, not the sign of a star was visible, the darkness clung around the ship tike thickest crape. The tight from toe bianaole pierced in straight Tinea the smoke that issued from toe funnel ; though close thereto it seemed a rolling, twisting cloud of fire, and was almost immediately swallowed np in the mysterious blackness. Even the shin's white wake was seen but a little way, while forward ; if one turned his gaze, hie very eyeballs seemed turned to stone. a , 44 Strange, isn't it?" said Ben, as he turned once more to go below. 44 Strange, indeed, and mysterious, too," said Frank, 44 but I think we'll soon have it, sir." 44 Have what, Mr Smith ?" , 41 1 don't know, sir." About half an hour after this, all were 1 sitting in the saloon, hut a lull had taken place in the conversation. Everyone was silent, and apparently listening-. Suddenly rapid footsteps were heard advancing aft. Next moment the skylight was thrown open, and the scared face of the Yankee mate looked down. 44 Great God I tdr/'heexcUimed, 44 come up at once. There is a spirit walking towards as i over the sea!" ! CHAPTER XXVH. — The On-come of the Awful Stork. The mate's face looked ghastly in the glare of the lamp-light, and there was such a depth, such an intensity of terror in the timbre of his voice, that a cold shudder ran through everyone who heard him speak. Had the man suddenly gone out of his mind to talk of a spirit walking over the water, and on a night such as this, too ? No wonder the ladies turned nale and screamed in the strange way a sleeper screams under the influence of a terrible nightmare. Captain Ben and Frank rose at once and rushed on deck. The rest crept together at one end of the saloon to wait and listen. The mate was at the top of the companion to receive his captain. He had a ship's lan tern in his haud, and nov took his way for ward, the others following mechanically as it were. raHttliehatobwavs up through which the gleams of light from the engine-room fires rose in red straight rays, cutting and piercing the inky gloom above as if with swords of flame, past the mainmast, past the foremast and into outer darkness beyond. The mate held the lantern one moment on high, and its yellow rays glimmered on the pale and frightened faces of the men gathered round the bows Then it went suddenly ont, and Frank now beheld a eight that might well make sailors stand silent and awed, under toe spell of superstitions dread. Away, fas over perhaps on the starboard how was 44 toe spirit walking over the waters," and coming straight towards the ship. A tall, luminous figure as it ap peared at that moment, a ghostly appari tion that seemed to hang betwixt toe horizon and the nearer sea ; a figure that moved hither and thither, and backwards and forwards, now larger, now momen tarily Iosb, and anon pointing a ghostly arm Bky-warda. No one spoke a word for a time, perhaps no one could speak — if their feelings were any semblanoe to those of Frank, they must have felt as if under toe spell of some evil dream. The spectre advanced now, rapidly growing larger and larger as it neared toe ship, growing apparently more transparent, too, till presently it was Been to consist of a pole bluish shimmering light or flame. And the water of toe sea directly beneath it was strangely moved, but how or by what it was impossible to say. Nearer and nearer, larger and larger. And now it was almost on thein : almost over the Great God !" the mate exclaimed again, but in a strange and far-away-like voioe, 44 we are all dead men." 4 4 The Lord have mercy on us," said some one else The strange spirit-light was on them now ; it was all about and around them, a mist and shroud of outlines, on the sea and on the fear ful, ghastly and bewildered fanes of the crouching crew. Frank looked overboard ; the water seemed alive with darksome shapes. One, two, three, then a dozen gruesome beasts, he copld count; he ooula see the writhing of their tails, their heads, and their awful eyes. No more mysterious, no more terrible sight fhun thin had ever before perhaps been seen in tropic seas. Bnt ont spoke the skipper's voice at last, and boldly it rang all over toe ship, 4 4 Keep up your courage, boys, it is only St. Etma's fire on a larger scale f The strange, luminous mist was now some distance astern, getting lessandlessagain till it once more assumed toe appearance ascribed to it by the superstitious mate, that of a spirit walking over the sea. The men watched it till it quite disappeared in toe far distance. The mate relit his lantern, and all crowded round the skipper as if to seek for some explanation of the curious and fearful ap parition. 44 1 have no very lucid explanation to give, boys," he said. 44 We cannot deny we have seen a rare and s fearful sight. Men have seen the same before." 44 And lived?" 44 Yes, boys, and lived to tell of it. But scienoe can give ub no clue as to its cause, only that it is connected with phosphorescence and eleotricity." 41 But the creatures in toe water, sir? Those awful beasts, what were they ? — and what were tbey doing ?" 44 That, "said the skipper, 44 is the most easily explained part of the whole business. They were either sharks or sea- elephants, or maybe some of both, though our foolish fears magnified them into huge, writhing blaok snakes. It i6 well known that the creatures that dwell in toe sea, and toe creatures in the universal earth for that matter, are fond of light, and that they will come to it from afar, and follow it and go with it wheresoever it goes. That ex plains that part of the entertainment, for on a night of such intense darkness ae this St. Lima's fire trailing over the faoeom of the black water wonld he bound to attract sharks from every quarter of the compass. Good night, men. Mate, tell the steward to let the crew have a glass of grog. Show a light here till we get aft." Throb— throb— throb went the pulse of the moving ship ; throb — throb. There was the working of the great shaft, and the churning of the waters under the stern now giving place to a loose, rattling sound as the vessel plunged momentarily head first into toe trough of a great smooth sea leaving toe crew to revolve in empty air. Throb— throb—throb then ceased, and all was still. No longer a hush, but silence deep as death from stem to stern of the night- enshrouded ship. Captain Ben had his hand upon the companion -hatchway, the tall mate held the lantern high aloft, and all eyes were turned aft in the dsTknese. Ben knew what was coming, and so did FrauK, and knew, too, whose were the advancing footsteps. 44 We are broke down, sir.' 44I'm very sorry to hear it, engineer. "With out a breath of wind or air, with a storm of some kind brewing, in this terrible darkness, and with shoals not far off perhaps, I don't think our position is one to be envied. Any chanoe of your being able to repair her soon P" 44 Not ihe ghost of a chance .for days or weeks, if ever," 44 Well, it can't be helped, Mr Dean. Let the fires out. Mate, see to it that the sails a re ready to be hoisted at « moment's notice." "Andtenj"— Ben talked almost in a whisper— 44 see that the boats are watered, provisioned and all ready to lower." 44 Ay, ay, sir." When Frank and Ben went below again, they found Cholly himself seated at the piano. 44 Been trying to cheer the ladies up, Cap tain, dear," he said, 44 but whatever have yon been all up to ? Poor mate has got spirits on the brain, hasn't be F Bat what nave yon stopped the ship for, eh ?" At thatmomeot, and juBt as Captain Ben was about to reply to Choliy's banter, the skylight and saloon were lit up by a glare ! of lightning of snoh brilliancy, that the lamps even seemed to born yellow and dim j by comparison. Those whose gaze happened to be turned upwards at the time could see; every rope and spar on deck stand out as dark and clear as if it had been noontide. I The etience that followed the flash was in- 1 tense and long. No one moved from the position ne or she had occupied when the , glare filled the saloon. The peal came at , last, beginning with a far-off muttering, drawing nearer and still more near, until it crashed over toe ship with a din so deafening, so ap&lling;, that when it oeased it was diffi cult indeed to believe that masts had not been splintered, and yards and rigging hurled downwards on the deok. The etorm now broke over the ship in all its fury, flash on (In to, and peal on pes), the r∈ falling w«th ihe violence of a water-spout, ana breaking as it struck tho deok into spray. In the glare of the inces saat gleams ot lightning, the falling rain i looked like cords of fire or streams of fire, golden, crimson and bine, while sea and clouds seemed all ablaze. Without one half-hour of intermission the storm raged all sight long, ceding on'y when the sun rose in the eastern horizon, and his blood-red beims flashed over the heaving world of waters. And not till then did Frank M Naushton turn in, all standing, for a few hours' repose. Cholly was sound aolesp, and bad been so probably for many hours, for a man like , this has no more knowledge of danger than a babe in arms. (to be continued.) 