BY MUTUAL CONSENT, FROM THE PEN OF J. MARSDEN SUTGLIFFE, AUTHOR OF "The Bells of St, Barcabas," " The Humanee of an Insurance Office," ' Revealed by Fire," &e;, &c.; CHAPTER XIII,-(Continued), The mvstery that hung over Winifred's life during those tbreo years concerning which she was so curiously reticent had often occupied Claude's mind since his visit to Glen-Orloch at Christmas, though he was us far from arriving at a satisfactory solu tion as ever. But his faith in the purity of her nature did not waver, despite the uncomfortable element of mystery that eurrounded her. He never doubted tlmt whatever personal reasons Winifred might have for her silence the interests, real or imacinary. of some one else occasioned her reserve, and that whenever the curtain came to be lifted and her hidden past disclosed the revelation would bring her unblemished purity into striking relief. Claude Maclean was too observant a student of human life to bo unaware of the manifold reasons that might lead a virtuous woman to bury sad reminiscences of the past in the oblivion of silence. He was too noble minded to be readily accessable to suspicion regarding any person. It was the working theory of life to take human nature on' trust until reasons for distrust wore forth coming, and when once he gave his faith he gave it outright. But as he hurried along the streets tuo question forced itself upon this mind, Was Sir Regiuald Denison bound up in any way with the secret of Winifred's life ? Was it possible that the baronet had contrived in Borne manner to obtain some hold upon her ? Claude recoiled from the bare supposition, but he could not thrust from his mind the . startled look of astonishment which Sir Reginald betrayed when the curtain was withdrawn from the picture. Claude felt that the look was not one of surprised delight in a work of art. Amazement, per-, plexity, and something that Beemed like recognition were imprinted on the baronet's faco. It was this that troubled Claude, He felt that the mystery that surrounded Winifred was thickening, and that the shadow of some great trouble, that he was unable to define, was gathering round the path of tho woman he loved with a devotion that nothing could quench. A rapid walk of ten minutes brought him to the street where Winifred lived. He arrived in time to see the carriago contain ing Lady Polehampton and Ladv Isabel being driven away from tho door whilst Sir Reginald followed in tho same direction at a leisurely pace. He fretted and fumed over the delay. that ensued before the one Borvant that Winifred kept opened the door in answer to liis imperative knock. "Is Miss West at home? " ho inquired with breathless agitation; and without waiting for a reply he pushed passed the domestic and made for the studio where he found Winifred looking pale and limp with Iter head reclining on her hand, buried in thought. The last months o£ Winifred's lifo had ^brought her great happiness. The only tincture of bitterness in her cup was the senso of- the hopeless passion for Claude Maclean that had come to her unawares, and the struggle that it entailed to hide it within her own breast, and live her lifo as she must have lived it, if Fate had not brought them together. In her devotion to her art BIio had found_ a relief from the misery of self-introspection and the sharper pang of vague desires never to be realized, and her endurance had been crowned witk new strength, enabling her to rise superior to the natural weakness of her sex. With tho victory over self there had oome to her a great peace. But with the ghosts of the past newly risen from the grave in which she had thought them laid for ever, she felt that there was an end to her tran quility. Tho appearance of Sir Reginald Denison had roused all the faculties of her nature into intense exercise. For the first time she realised to the full extent the blight that he had cast upon her life, and the great bliss that might have been hers but for that accidental meeting in tho galleries of the Louvre years beforo, with all that followed upon that. She rebelled ngainst the idea that her life was just what she had made it. She could not plead with herself that she had been reluctantly drawn into an unsuitable marriage, but, in some dim way, she felt that Life had not been jnst to her in leaving her in her youthful iuexperionce and guilenoss trustfulness at the mercy of the first villain who chanced, in plausible guise, to cross her path. How terribly bitter it was! How weary of life sho had grown in a few short minutes ! But Winifred roused herself on hearing Claude's footsteps, and smiled her old sweet smile as she extended her hand in greeting;. "I am so glad to see you, Mr. Maclean," sho Baid. " It is nearly a fortnight since you were here; and I was feeling just now that tho sight of a friendly face would be wolcomo." * " You have had visitors, I suppose," said Claude, at a loss for an exouse to ex plain his agitation, which he thought Winifred could not fail to see. Yes: Lady Polehampton has been here with her brother, and Lady Isabel Childe." "I would have given a thousand pounds rather than this should have happened," said Claude, with ill-suppressed anxiety. " Unfortunately that man Denison saw my ' Helen' and there was an evil light in his eye as ho looked at tho picture. I saw .toy hiB look that ho meant mischief. And now ho has found tho original I am full of all kinds of strango tears." " I do not fear Sir Reginald Denison," replied Winifred with quiet dignity. " You need be undor no apprehension on my account," " Winifred," said: Claude, seating himself by her sido and taking' her lmnd in his. I havo been silent too long. I have only I'eframed from speaking lest my words "ionic! pain you. Look sit. i.t-, Winifred, ana tell mo that you lovo me. I havo lovcu you over sinco I know you. Yon remember where that was. I lay uncons cious and delirious in the hospital yonder, and it seems to me now that in my unconscious state I had dreamed of the angels-of you my own pure bright angel, most of all. When first I came to myself your beautiful face hovered near me, and my hand that I am holding now soothed my fevered brow in my weakness and pain. You have brought me back to life. I owe everything to you. My whole heart is yours. All lny hope of happinesses in your hands to fulfil or to destroy. Give me the right to protect you. Say that you love mo, if only a little. Say that you will be my wife." And ho drew the unresisting form of Winifred closer to him until her head lay pillowed on his breaBt, whilst he kissed her again and again. For one brief moment Winifred dared to be happy and to believe that the bliss she had dreamed of and thrust away from her might lie in store for her ; but the next moment her vanished strength had returned to her and she disengaged herself from Claude's embrace and looked him sorrow fully in the face. . * " Oh, Claude, forgive me 1" she cried. " I ought to have stopped you. I ought not to have listened to you. But my love for you has made me very weak. What you liopo for can never be." "What do you mean?" cried Claude. " Do you not love me ?" " Have I not said so ?" repeated Winifred mournfully, and then flinging herself into his arms she exclaimed, " Claude, Claude, my heart is breaking, I do love you with my whole heart and soul, but I cannot be your wife. Say you forgive me." " Capitally acted Lady Denison I I said the last iime we met that you would make a iirst-rate aotress." Sir Reginald, by judicious bribery (aud a little cajolery, had persuaded the maid to allow him to find his way to the studio unannounced, where he had arrived in time to hear Winifred confess her love for his rival. As their faces were turned from the door they had not Been him enter, but on hearing his voice they rose from the couch on which. they were Bitting and confronted him. Claude stood for a moment contemplating Sir Reginald with heaving breast and dilating nostrils; and then made as though he would spring upon him, when a quick movement from Winifred arrested him. " Do not touch him, Claude. You shall not soil your hands. Now, go-for my sake-go! Do not be afraid for me," she added, drawing herself up proudly. " I do not fear this man. Go at once, Claude, and leave me to deal with this liar-this coward-this common gambler and cheat!" " I go at your wish," said Claude, " but I recall nothing of what I have said, I leave behind me the entire trust of my whole heart." And darting a fiery look of hatred at the baronet ho yielded to Winifred's request. But though he quitted the studio he went no further than the drawing-room. He determined that he would remain within call lest violence Bhould be attempted on the woman he loved. There was one ray of light shining through the darkness that overwhelmed Claude's spirit. He knew the worst; he knew that the woman he loved was the wife of Sir Reginald Denison, But the discovery did not alienate her from him. Henceforth, he vowed, his lips must be sealed upon the passion that he cherished for Winifred. But he felt that more than before she required to be. shielded by the deep unutter able affection that he bore for hor from the tyranny of a villain ; and as he thought of the terrible power that the English law gives to a bad husband over his wife, Claude trembled for Winifred's future. 