LAUNCESTON PARLIAMENTARY DEBATING SOCIETY. FIFTH AN1YAL DINNER. The fifth annual dinner of the Launces ton Parliamentary Debating Society was held at the Brisbane Hotel last evening, when there was a goodl attendance of mem bers and friends, including the Treasurer (the hon. John Henry), the hon H. I. Roeke, M.L.C., Messrs 8. J. Sutton, P. Barrett, and A. R. Fowler, M.'sH.A. Mr J. B. Waldron, Speaker of the society, occupied the chair and Mr W. J. M'Williams the vice-chair. while Mr Alex. Kirkland acted as toastmaster. An excellent meno was provided by Host Deleuse, and the room was exceedingly well decorated. After the tables were cleared the toast list was gone through, all the toasts being received with enthusiasm. The chairman gave the usual loyal toasts, and his references to her Majesty and Sir Lambert Dobson were loudly applauded. Apologies were received from the Chief Secretary (the hon. Adye Douglas), the Minister of Lands (the hon. W. Hartnoll), and several other gentlemen. The vice-chairman gave the toast of the "Ministry and Parliament of Tasmania," remarking that the present Ministry had a very difficult task before it in adjusting the finances of the colony, and that thes Parliament was what the people made it. The Treasurer, who was received with lord and continuous cheering, said while Mr M'Williams was speaking it struck him that the toast was of a double-barrelled. character-Ministers and Parliament-a very judicious arrangement as far as the state of the time was concerned; but be thought it was desirable to say a few words on behalf of Ministers, and allow other representatives of Parliament to speak for the Parliament. (Hear, hear.) He quie recognised the force of the vice-chairman's remarks in reference to the honour which they, as a social gathering of Tasmanians, had in drinking the toast of Ministers and Parliament along with the loyal toasts, andrecognising Ministers and Parlismentas part of the constitution under which they lived-in that sense he accepted the toast, and recognised the honour they had done Ministers. No doubt Tasmanians acknow ledged the many advantages they enjoyed under their coustitution, and although a great deal might be said as to the desirable ness or otherwise of party government in Tasmania, he would not on that occasion enter into it. It was an exceedingly tempt ing subject, and he had no doubt their society would give it the attention it deserved. A great many held that it was pos sible to improve the present constitution, and do away with party government, and it was a subject of great interest to him; he had thought much about it, and, indeed, it had engaged the attention of many of the practical politicians of these colonies, but he thought it would be as well for the large colonies to set the example and try the experiment. (Hear, hear.) For a small colony like Tasmania they could well afford to wait and " bear those ills we have" under party government- rather than " fly to others that we know not of." (Hear, hear.) In responding to the toast he would like to say something about the question-the practical question-which was engaging the attention of this colony a goad deal lately- and he did not know how far he was trespass ing the canons of the toast in introducing it-upon the practical question of reduc tion in the railway employees' wages. At the outset he would say he had no desire to make this a mere party question or to introduce any inharmonious matter int) his remarks. He desired to direct their attention to this question because it was one that for many years before he entered Parliament he had taken a great deal of interest in. The question of the ihanagemen t of railways was one of very great importance to the whole of the colonies, that was upon what principle they should manage their railways. Every one present knew the important part their railways played in the industry of the country, and relatively in the larger colonies. The question was, how were they to manage their railways; were they to manage them on commercial lines or were they not? (Hear, hear.) He said under the present state of society that they must manage them on commercial lines, and it was imperative on the part of Tasmanians and all Australians that they should make their railways pay, in order to maintain their credit in the eyes of the world. (Cheers.) Starting on that ',roposition he would direct their attention to the question of wages, but before doing so he would like to say that it was not a new one-it had been engaging his attention for many years-and the ques tion that occurred to him was whether these colonies, unconsciously, might not be pressing the great object as to how far democracies could successfully manage so important a service as the railways of the state. We in these colonies were peculiar in this respect-we were a great example, and those who had watched the conti nent and the struggles which the people had had in carrying out their railways must have felt impressed with the fact that political influence had had a great deal to do with the mairring of the success of these undertakings. (Rear, hear.) That was the bane of the whole business; it was the politicians who had spoiled the successful working of their railways, and the question arose whether they would demonstrate to the world that the democracies could suc cessfully manage commercial affairs like their railways, because if they could, they would not stop there. Might they not go on to production and distribution in all their branches ? That was what Bellamy thought. He had a distinct purpose in referring to this, be cause he wanted to show them that unless the Government could control production and distribution it could not fix a uni form rate of wages. ' It was because at the present time Government only controlled their railways, and not any other important branches of the country's industry, that they could not pay the rail way employees higher than the ruling rate of wages; for would it not be unjust to the othe r industries of the colony ' And he would like, in connection with this question, to say that the policy of the Government in this matter was that they should pay to the railway staff what was demnonstrated to them to be the current rate of wages and no more. (Hear, hear.) He took it that if they had deter mined to pay more than the current rate of wages they would be inflicting a positive injury and loss on the other people of Tasmania. (Hear, hear.) He asked, would it be just to withdraw taxation from the people to pay men in excess of the current rate of wages P Was it the part of the Government to determine the rate of wages? If they had reached the time written of by Bellamy they might do so, but the pitiless, iron law of competition obtained everywhere, and how could the Government escape from it ? If they made an arbitrary use of their power, and paid higher than the current rate of wages,they would simply pander to one class and take the money from others. Mr Barrett-That is not a fair: state ment. The Treasurer saidhe would demonstrate his argument. There were 1000 workers on the railway-a mere section of the total working men of the colony. They had 61,000 bread-winners in the colony, and were 1000 persons, because they could get political influence, to receive a higher rate of wages than the others? If Ministera yielded to the clamour of interest or the influence of politicians they would be un worthy of their position. (Cheers.). Take the great industry of agriculture, and take 5s 6Od per day as the rate of wages, that was 33s per week, that the Government was paying the larger portion of the navvies on the line-some of whom were getting as low as 53 and others more than 58 Sd. He would ask them if any farmer in the country could afford to give the value of a bushel and a half of grain for every day's labour ' What chance would the agricultural industry have to compete with such a rate of wages ? It was unfair competition. The policy of the Govern ment was, not to pay an excessive rate of wages-not to cripple the farmers-but to make men go on the land and produce more wealth. (Cheers.) As the Treasurer of the colony, it might have been expected that he would say something about the fiancial question. His friend, Mr Rooke, groaned, but he need not be alarmed (laughter)-for he (Mr Henry) had no in tention to cncroa~h further on their time. Ho would just briefly say this PNotwith standing the present depression he was quite satisfied that their little colony would come through the crisis all right. (Cheers.) He could safely say that he had entire confidence in the future of their little island. (Cheers.) Why, with the revenue even down to £800,000 ayea* from 150,000 people, they could, with ordinary management and time to effect the neces siny reforms, carry on the public works of the colony. (Cheers.) Whsatinspiredhim with confidence was his knowledge of the great resources of the colony, the fertility of the soil, their mineral resources, and the industry of the people, who were possessed 2f admirable intelligence. He therefore had no doubt but that their beautiful little island would come out all right. Mr Rooke-None of us have any doubt. The Treasurer-They were passing bhrough a time of serious trouble, he was aware of that; but as to the eltimate out :ome he had not the least doubt. (Cheers.) Re expressed thanks for the happy way in which the vice-chairmoan had spoken of the tinistry, and strongly denounced the system of short dated Treasury bills. I theirs was the thoray path of very difficult inance, of paying nccumulated debts .a the' form of Treasury bills abort dated-for public works. With a falling revenue they had a disagreeable duty to perform, that of retrenchment. In carrying out that task they might deprive many officials of their "bread and butter," but-and they would be delighted to hear this-they had the further duty to impose additional taxation on the people if it were necessary. (Cheers.) The Ministry had set their faces in one particular direction, and they were going forward; they had '"put their hands to the plough" and would not turn bele, until they saw their work ac complished, or until they, the people of the colony, said " go about your business!" (Cheers.) That time, no doubt, would come, but when the time arrived to give up the ghost, he and his colleagues would be able to say that they had not tarnished the fair fame of the public life of Tas mania. (Loud and prolonged cheering). Mr Sutton said that he admired the way the Treasurer had separated the Ministry from Parliament, thus leaving the indi vidual members of the House to speak for themselves. He regretted, however, that Mr Henry had entered into the question of the retrenchment in the way he had done. (No, no). He was one of the deputation which waited on Ministers, and he believed they were misunderstood. They had no idea of inter'ering with the retrenehment policy of the Government. Every member who went down from the north on that deputation had voted for the policy of the present Government as against that of the late Ministry, and to throw blame on the deputation was beside the question. The Treasurer asked Mr Sutton if he would repeat a remark of his blaming the members of the deputation. Mr Sutton, centinuing, said that the assertion was made more by innuendo than otherwise. (No, no). He did not wish to enter fully into the question, buthe wished it to be clearly understood that the members of the deputation did not desire to interfere with the policy. If the Government had stuck to their text and not departed from the wholesome rule of drastic retrenchment they would not have appeared before them. He regretted also that Ministers had not taken the suggestions of members in framing their policy of retrenchment. Every member of the House sympathised with Ministers, but they were not going to go all the way with them. They could not blame members for impressing their views on the Ministers. They had done the colony much good by turning out the late Ministry, and if it was necessary to morrow they would turn out the present occupants of the Treasury benches. The colony should, as the Treasurer had said, pay its way with a revenue of .800,000, and the great question in his mied was why the colony could nat do so with much less. (Hear, hear.) He would have liked Mr Henry to have said something as to a Customs Union,which was a matter of very great importance to them. Mr Rooke proposed the toast of the Launceston Parliamentary Society and kindred institutions, remarking that the society had done much good, and that many of its members had risen to front paositions. In English politics members of Parliament had risen from the debating societies. He hoped public men would support the society. ([sear, hear.) Mr Alex. Webster responded, pointing out the efforts the members of the society were making towards improvement. They were following the example of the higher chambers, and succeeded in keeping alive interest in political matters. Mr W. J. Johnston proposed the toast of "Our Speaker and Clerk," whom he highly enlogised for their services to the society. Mr Waldron responded, and spoke in terms cf praise of the way the members of the society had kept up the interest in the debates. The members had considerably improved in debates, and'helooked forward to the tine when many more members would take prominent positions in public affairs. Mr Kirkland also briefly, responded, re minding members of the opening of the House on Friday evening next. Mr A. R. Fowler, M.H.A., in moving the toast of "Our defenders," remarked that the volunteer force was worthy of every symysthy. "(Hear, hear.) Major Martin responded to the toast, and stated that owing to the retrenchment the volunteer force at present was one only in name, but the men were willing to keep together, hoping for b tter times. He quoted figures to show the strength of the Rifle Regiment during the past 10 years, which showed that the force wanted only a little support to prosper. The retrenchment in defence matters was worked in the wrong way, and he pointed out thata saving could be effected by keeping down the ex penses in outlying districts. The saving in that way would give sufficient to pay for the annual encampment, which was the principal thisg. There were a few who would stick to the force through thick and thin. (Applause.) Mr E. Id. Law in a short but eloquent speech moved the toast of "The city we live in," to which Alderman Gilmore re sponded, remarking that although when he entered the Council he thought there was much to improve he found that the aldermen were doing their best. Espacially was this so in the matter of the electric light, and he was glad of the present opportunity to say that the :Council was acting with every caution in the interests of the ratepayers. Mr H. M. Edgell moved the tcaet of "The ladies," which was responded to by Mr Kirkland. Mr E. A. Nathan gave the toast of " The press," which was responded to by the representatives present. Messra Lawrence Campbell, G. C. Gil more, and Henry Edgell rendered recita tions, and Messrs H. Thompson, W. W. Hill, and J. T. M'Donald songs at intervals during the toasts, IMr Von Bibra playing the accompaniments to the vocal numbers. 