An Appeal to. Christian Workers. Sib,-For some time past there has been an open-air Gospel meeting conducted on Sun day afternoons, which first was started by the workers of the Church of England, when there was a laive number of men working at the Government Quarry ,ou the Gib. J Those meetings were earned on there until the quarry was stopped, yery large numbers of people going that far from the village, a,ud; the men camped around the Gib enjoyed these meetings frery touch. After most of the people had left the camp, it wqh, decidcd to jjold tho meeting in the OentonniiU Park, as it was much uearor the village and mostly composed of those living here. The meet ings were curried on there with good results up till the mouth ofMarch when the weather beoame cold and the roads bad. It was de cided to change quarters again, and Mr. Oxley was asked for permission to hold the me< tings in his paddock'opposite the station, . which he granted, and for several Sundays, the meetings have been held there, t Although the meetings were first started by the Churoh of England people, there are very few now who attend either to help in singing, speaking, or otherwise ; this I very much regret. The Revs. J. W. Debenham and E. Scarisbrick, who have left us for the present, both used to attend and help at the Gib meeting; also Dr. Morgan's family, all of whom are missed very much ; but I am pleased to kuow that they are carrying on the Lord's work in another part of the-vine--. yard. We hope that the new incumbent,, with his band of workers belouging to the Brotherhood, will be able to help in carrying on this good work. These meetings have received very great help from the young people belonging to the Christian Endeavour Movement. Our old friend, the Rev. J. A. Foggon, also gave occasional help, and a number of his congregation were of great as sistance in the ain«iug. We will be glad to see his successor (Rev. J. Penman) and his workers. 1 know that a number have lately had the fire of the Holy Ghost kindled iu their hearts, and it would do them good to come out and get some fresh air and tell :forth out of a full heart what the Lord has done for them. We have also received mtich help from the visiting lady preachers of the Presbyterian Church. It is to the Christians of Bowral I make this appeal for help to carry on this good work--not to any one sept,: but to all Chris ? tiaus who love the Lord Jesus. There is no subscription required, not even a collection taken at any of the: meetings. It has been said " Oh it belongs to this church or the otherbut I wish to state that it is the Lord's work, and He commands all that love Him to go aud work. Now that bo much is said about federation, let all the Christians 'in Bowral federate in these Sunday afternoon meetings, Now just a few words about a uuited week-, night service. For some time past there has been one carried ou successfully at Mit tagong, and would it not be well to give it a, trial'here ? It is to be regretted that not one of the churches in Bowral has a* good attendance at their week-night services.. I believe it is the wish of a good many of , God's people that such a union take plaoe, which would prove a blessing to all the churches.. ... ONE IKE THE. FIGH.T, '1 Bowral, 8/9/93. * 