SMOKE-HO The up to date rendering t)f thu-GVccifc Kalends in: when the Q.N. Bank 'ante's up ' Queensland's two millions sterling. Ipswich parliamentary debating class carried a motion by 33 to 19 that the Land ~Gi*bHauway Actshould-bei-epealfd. The N.S.W. Dibbs G-overnmenb is considering whether it should o.-ase build ing and maintaitiing lunatic asylums and sUrHtirming out lunatics to the — Makins. Humoured that one uf tho Railway Conuuissionerii lian appointed a cousin to a billet as draftsman. MM. L. A. Bhould see if it is true. ? ? ? A NEW Government analyst has been appointed Perhaps he_ will Ascertain the strength of tbe uurnwiv-e liquid sold in tbe grogshops, and by publishing results show the pace at which it kills. M'Masteb showed his sympathy with his bankrupt and flooded out neighbours by proposing to make them pay toll for crossing the new Victoria Bridge wljen finished. - But it didn't come off. MJIwuaith objects lo co-operative tion with the fatmt-ra. That's why he has immigration agents Randall in d Hume Black rounding up small cipica lists in England. Buzacott, or. titier UriatiaiT^ ^Courier' leader writer, on S. A. Premier Kingston's socialistic proposals says : We can only sympathise with a colony whose affairs are committed to bands bo incompetent. We boosts M'llwraith. Tenders are called for to remove the powder magazine from Eagle? Farm lo Fisherman's Island, as it's feared that the £12,XKK) ''loan ' it furthfir endangered by - ita continued presence on the Flats. Money's found fur thac. ~~ Many Brisbane people, rightly or wrongly, think that they suffer fruin the wear and tear of light weights and~aent-;d~ meaRures, and woulil like the inspector of wftights and measiiroB to get u- biz, by arresting unprincipled sho|ikeijpers. Thds the Brisbane Td&jraph; of Juue 27: WANTED steady man with £'200 to lend employer. Regular employment and good interest given. , X. L , this office. The 'employment' would mainly be to watch the 'employer' of the £200. Allowances to the highly-paid drones in the Civil Service must cease at ouoe. A worker thinks himself lucky if he gets a £5 or £10 'rise' in his wage. The drones get £20 and £50 ' allowances ' tacked on to their salaries— the 'allowances' being paid from 'contingencies.' Reynolds' Ifciospaper says Prince George Wettin, Duke of York, wheu in Australia ' raised the wind' by selling some of his grandmother's lettere. If the old lady's letters are no better than the book she wrote about the Highlands .then they would hardly fetch much in tEe market. Capitalist political economists used to account for trade depressions and famines when tbe markets were glutted, by the 'Sun Spot 'theory. Now it appears that the sun spots were mere volcanoes. Thus another 'natural law' for the per petration of cannibalism vanishes into limbo. ' ~ :. ~' — ~— - Ex-Sopebintendent of Telegraphs, Matrieff, was politely shunted on to his pension at the age of 60 years. = That's all right. butl highly-paid sexagenarious barnacles still cling on at high salaries be cause they have 'influence,' patronise Gov'ment 'Ouse and belong to the law'n order party. Vioe-Admibal Erskine, who wag first spoken of to succeed the late St George Tryon in command of the British fleet in the Mediterranean, was formerly Com mander-in-Chief on the Australian station, and familiar wi^h the kanaka traffic through all its inhuman ramifications— and what is more, had the humanity to oppose it in the liopdon press when A^ritfith so traitorously reinstated the business. — 'Queensland is designated the land of law,' remarks 'a correspondent, 'but the general public look upon the fees of Tiber late Attorney-General and his staff in con nection with the Robb Arbitration Case as outside of law altogether. How can a man who has been guilty of such a barefaced -swindle -sit-in judgmont^ipon his fellqw men!' Better call Pilate's ghost into the witness box to answer that. ^HE Rev. W. H. Hall, speaking at a conference of N.S. Wales farmers, held at Cootamundra the other day, said that his advocacy of the continual leasehold as op poBed to the freehold principle of land settlement, cost him his billet as a Wes 4ey»n'minister-atAlburyJast- yflar. m And, are free to exercise an independent judg ment on social and industrial problems. A Hebo of Civilisation not possessed of sufficient capital to start a bank recently advertised in the Brisbane dailies for lady canvassers 'for the sale of jewellery' and collectors of money, applicants to deposit -ag-gLgeoarity' from £50 to £70 flnoh. In spite of the bad JameA-PjeoBkangweredthe advertisement, and one or two poor fools are to-day minus their deposit money, as the seBthetic advertiser has ' skipped' for India or Japan. Mathieson, chief Railway t3ommiir sioner of Queensland, is generally looked [ upon ill the department as a straight- [ forward boss with a fair share of admira tion for a worker who is not ashamed of his principles but the moBt profound con- i tempt for a crawler. It is said that Mathieson fought tooth and nail against the cutting of salaries in the department, 1 but that M'llwraith overbore his opposUJ tion. Poor Booth, the brilliant temperance leoturer ! He's taken to th« manufacture | of quack medicines in New Zealand. In a flaming advertisement in the Otago Work man he announces his ' golden -remedies for the liquor, opium, and tobacco naDits as the Bafest cure ever discovered.' The Wobeeb recollects when the blue ribbon was M the safest ^ure.' Since then, howjL ever, Booth has done a little stock and share broking and lost faith in human nature generally. Sebastian Mercier in 1802 d- lining the word capitalist, then coming into use by the rise of the plutocratic class, stated it thus : This word is well-nigh jinknown outside Paris. It designates a monBter o! wealth, a man who has a heart of iron aud no affeotions save metallic) ones. Talk to liim of tbe land tax— and. he laughB at you ; be does not own an inoh of land, bow should you tax him ? Like the ArabB of the desert who have i-lundered a oaraVan, and who bury their gold out of fear of btherbrigttttfls, the capitalist!! have hiddon our money.- . '. ._ t _ ? ? ' i , ' The Rundaberg kanaka Inspector says j that he won't allow political gossip on the Depot verandah. ' M'Il-wbaith's motto: The colony be begcrared thac my syndicate may be en riched. The Government talks retrenchment. Well there ^re^evCTal^inder«eeretaTie8H5O years of age— nearer 70 than 60— who should be made lo retire in favour of younger uitn. 'New Australia, 'says Pareon Fitohett in that eminently 'respectable' publication of hi*, ' will carry from these shores much capital— physical, financial and intellectual — which can be ill spared.' And therein Fitchetl is right. ? : — ^^~ M. L. A. Bbowne, of Croydon, spent an hour or so with Aleck Forrester at Bogpo Roid gaol the other day. Forrester is better than ho was in health and oertainiy in first ratu spirits. He Bent many kind remembrances to the boyti at Croydon. No rumours yet of any bank directors suiciding owing to the discovery of their iudebtedneris to their respective institutions. Oh ! dear no ! No dJBclosmes consequent -apen^aapartml audits as was erpeeted^ What a day we are having ! The Bund \ber# planter crowd was in censed at Nelson's brow beating of Duffy -on-the-Q^ N- Ra,nk_bjllg,-^pd the Labour Party delighted at the way Dawsou ex posed the manner in which political double shuffles ate performed. P. M. Pinnock, becau8elie hasirioiT managing a branch of the gone-bung Q.N. Bank that has a lien on the Tramway 'Company that i«-cutting wages, mubtnV nupiKwe 'that he is a prosecuting counsel either for the bank or the company. A.W.U. Secretary Kewley has in his office at Longreach registered letters for John , Ntiill, Neil Brolly and William Pearce ; and letters and New Australia papers htb waiting at the Railway Hotel, Ilfracombe, for Joseph Niall. ? -Thb G«tad Jury hasiound a true bill against Sir M. H. Davies, K.C.M.G., and the VtcCorian Government, much against its will, has got to prosecute. Davies is coming back from Colombo, and it will be interesting to Bee how the law pans out to this knighted Hero of Smashed Banks. Oddly enough 'Tommy' White, managing director of the Brisbane Tram way Company is responsible for the intro duction of Bellamy 'a' Looking Backward' into yueenslatid^ He wrote a laudatory review of the book for the Literary Circle. How he must be kicking himself today4 — The Review of Reviews thinks that New Australia is 'in a sense a satire on the supposed 'triumphs' of the Labour party in these colonies.' The Wobeeb is perfectly sure that the general bank ruptcy of the colonies is a satire on the supposed triumphs of civilisation under a system of land monopoly. The chairman of a closed bank told the House the other night that there was no loss or inconvenience as it were through the numerous bank suspensions in Queens land. ^Tet we know where the son had to give the father a bill of sale overt* his stuff - to save the breakfast things being re moved. M'Ilwbaith some time ago testified in the law courts that he wasn't a shareholder in M'llwraith, M'Eachera and Co.— the company that lays wage- workers low every time — and that his position in the concern is that of trustee with Palmer, K.C.M.G., of the shares held by Mb (M'llwraith's) wife. Thabgohindah bore is now yielding 500,000 gallons daily and a greater flow still is probable by -increasing the depth. The townspeople are jubilant, but don't let thenrforget, or the people responsible for the other bores, that the artesian supply is not a tap put on to the Pacific Ocean and =that without care it may run dry. A; cheap edition of ' Workingman's -Paradise ' is now ready ,-and copies maybe nhtftinfld from any of tfa'e booksellers or from Mr. Hinchcliffe at the Trades Hall, Brisbane. The book is published in aid of the Union Prisoners' Assistance Fund and is an interesting and instructive labour novel. The supply of the cheap edition {is very limited; — Price, 1m. 3d.; punt paidr Is. 6d.; cloth, 2s. 6d. .. _. ? In spite of the frowns »f premiers and the crocodile tears of speculators who, hav ing speculated amiss in South America, are touring the world on the tale of their woes the New Australia Movement goes ajiead. On Monday night Gilbert' Casey mounted the platform of the Theatre -B^alt'^risbai»r*^-*[*-*-coa?le^-J»oarfc or so descanted in his own inimitable style upon the advantages of communal life in Paraguay. The audience^— a large one heard him gladly; the daily papers came out with a two column report of his speech and newt) day the Wobkeb office was beseiged with inquiries after pamphlets and prospectuses containing details of the New Australia Scheme. - — -'-Wood,- MTLvGir^— appointed— fleer©- tary of the National Association at £250 a year— or just half what the Rev. F. T. Brentnall gets as Chairman of Committees of JihaGounciL From which it is evident that if the job the Tlev. Freddy has 'snavelled' had been pat up to com petition and run on the Labour-value or Labour-a-commodity racket it would have been tendered for at something less than the price paid to the ex-parson. There is not one-twentieth the work to be performed as chain'*' rrf the Legislative Council tun there is as secretary of the National Abbo ^iatibur Perhaps-^Timmy Tyson-will move fora little of that retrenchment in Parlia ment that he knows so well how to intro duce in shearing sheep or carting boring plant. ' The distressed grazing farmers and selectors,' writes one who speaks from rather bitter experience 'are sorely in need of a new Land Bill giving equal rights tejll, or inore properly speaking giving the grazing Tanner and selector the same rights and privileges as the squatter. It is a monstrous injustice and cruelty that the farmer should be -compelled -to pay from £4 to £8 per mile for the very worsb land upon a run while the latter having divided the run as he liked in the first in stance has secured for himself the best part at a rental of a few shillings. This is not all : the grazing farmer and selector does not impound the squatters' Btock until they have fenced, while the squatter is given the power to impound the selector's stock with out fenoing. The moBt audaciouB rot is talked about the easy conditions attached to selecting.' 