An Australian Actor. A CHAT WITH H. E. HAEWOOD. (FfiOM THE 'MeLBOUBNE AeGUS.') When a man of 63 finds the savings of a life time suddenly swept away, and a heavy liability substituted for a comfortable income, what does he usually do? We have had a good many oppor tunities of answering the question of late. Some have chosen the short, sharp way out of the diffi culty, others have found refuge in lunatic asylums or benevolent institutions. One man, at least, blessed by nature with a vigorous frame, and an all-pervading energy of disposition, has quietly settled down to begin life again. Briefly, Mr. Henry Eichard Harwood, the 'grand old man' of the Australian stage, makes his reappearance to-night, at the Bijou Theatre, as Uncle Cattermole in ' The Private Secretary/' It is not to be imagined that Mr. Harwood dis played more than human patience under the sudden calamity of the banking crisis. Like Captain Corcoran in ' Pinafore '— He said damme, He said damme, Oh ! the naughty, naughty man. And small wonder, for at one swoop away went the results of 40 years of thrift. But, having vented his feelings in honest English fashion, he submitted to the inevitable, and set himself with a stout heart to recommence the ascent of the toilsome and difficult ladder. The return to Australia of Mr. Frank Thornton afforded him an onenin? for a re-eneraeement. and thus we find the hearty eld country gentleman, who a few months a?o ?vas strolling through the gardens of liis beautiful house at Kew, once more donning sock and buskin, to repsat, aB everyone hopes, the triumphs of his former stage career. 'Ruined,' says Mr. Harwood, bringing down a capable fist with a crash, that makes the table shake. 'Euined. There you have it in a nutshell; ruined by bad bank manage ment, like many another poor devil. Thafs the result of saving hard and working hard for nearly half a century. Oh, I was always reckoned as one of the knowing ones. I never frittered my money away. I stuck to it, I saved it, I invested it in good sound securities. And -what for ? To have it taken away from me in my old age, to be torned oat of house and home, to be sent adrift saddled with a bigger liability than I ever had in all my life to begin the world again. Here's the position shortly. I had a comfortable income. Thafs gone, and instead of it I'm liable for about the same amount in calls annually. Nice position, isn't it. 'Of course, I'm hale and hearty, and don't think the Australian public have forgotten me, though the way things are of late one can hardly put faith in anything. The worst of it is that when a man has really settled himself down to rest aftec a life of hard work, when he has really earned his holiday and got the feeling of ease into his bones, it comes harder to have to turn to again. Perhaps the unkindest cut of all was parting witii my house at Kew. I took an honest pride in that house. There isn't a more lovely sit uation anywhere round Melbourne, and people who have seen my gardens know what they ware. I'd seen all the grounds laid out, and it was a labor of love to furnish it, and to fill it with books, cinna, pictures, all tne littie Jaiicfc-nac&s; that make home of a place. However, there was no help for it. I couldn't afford the expense of keeping the house up, and it had to go. I sold it — at least you den't sell houseB now, you give them away — lock, stock, and barrel. The new owner had only to drive up in a cab, and there was everything ready for him just as though he had been living in it for years. ' Fortunately I have never made any formal retirement from the stage, so that my re appearance involves no breach of faith with the public. Indeed, from time to time I played here and in Sydney rather to keep in touch with the stage than from any other reason, and that will serve me in good stead in my present dilemma. I tnink, too, that I have a certain right to look for the support of Australian audiences, because I am an Australian actor. I got my experience in the colonies, and the whole of my stage career from 1855 has been passed here. Practically I've played in every branch of the profession. Mazeppa and Dick Turpin with Mr. G. B. W. Lewis's circus; harlequin and clown in pantomime; Macduff, 'Richmond, Holo fernes, Laonato, Dogberry, Enobarbus, Ghost, and Polonius in Shakspere; Mo. Davis, Sam Bofcer, and Michael Feeney in Boucicaulfs dramas; Count Karatof, Eawdon Sandamore, Chateau Eenaud, Henri de Sartons, and Geoffry Delamyn in modern drama; Cabriolo, Le Due Delia Volta, Marquis Fontsable, and King Laurent in comic opera ; and Gregory Grumbleton and Uncle Cat termole in farcical comedy. That's a pretty ver satile repertoire, isn't it ? And you ses that in each of these parts my conception of the character was original. I hadn't, like most of the actors who come out here, seen other people play them. x naa to create mem. 'I've been pretty well everything, too, general utility, juvenile lead, prompter, walking gentle man, low comedian, and manager. It was while I was at the Theatre Royal with Messrs. Stewart, Hennings, Coppin, and others that the system of importing 'stars' came into vogue. Prom a dramatic point of view Australia was then liter ally a virgin field, and we prospected and worked it. Some of my happiest recollections are associ ated with the Theatre Eoyal, and if it hadn't been for the difficulties with the Theatre Eoyal Pro prietary Company I might have been there yet. ' Well, if r no use crying over spilt milk. The work has got to be done, and I suppose I ought to be grateful for health and strength to do it. It is a lucky omen that I recommence an active stage career in connection with my old friend, Mr. Frank Thornton. Of course, I have an honest love for my profession, and an honeBt belief in Australian audiences and Australian acting. For that reason I am heartily glad to see so many young Australian actors coming to the front. We have actors of our own now quite eqoal to anyone that can be imported for the average parts, and there is plenty of talent that is Bore to come to the front in a few years. Of course they are only beginning now, as I am myself, but at all events they haven't the handicap of 63 years and ' Mr. Harwood, please— stage waiting.' 'Good-bye.' Orgax Eecitai,. — An organ recital in aid of the Choir fond, was given in the Presbyterian Church, Manly, on Friday, by Miss Wilkinson, assisted by several well-known artistes. There was a good attendance, and the following pro gramme was rendered: Organ solo, by Miss Wilkinson, ' Chorus of Angels' (Scotson Chirk) ; Mr. Jas. M. Dean sang 'Noel' (Gounod) in a rich bass voice; ''Adagio' (Beethoven) from trio op. 38, was played, by Miss Wilkinson (organ), Signora Schiavi (violoncello), and Mr. Marcus Bryant (violin); Mrs. John A. Dean sang with violin and violincello obligato. 'Alia Stella Confident©' (Eobavidi); Signor Schwvi (violoncello) played 'Canto Be ligioso' (Dom Laboccetta); Mr. Polglaise Bang 'The Holy City' in a sweet tenor voice; Mr. Marcus Bryant played Bach's ' Air for G string' on the violin; Mrs. John A. Dean gave an excel lent rendering of 'Aye Maria' from ' Cavalleria EuBticana' (Mascagni). Among the other pieces 'played on the organ by Mies Wilkinson were : Sonata (Guilmant); ' Lieder Ohne Worte;' (Mendelssohn) ; ' La Carita' (Rossini) : march from ?? Eli' (Sir M. Costa). . Ferdinand Hassler, the father of the United States Coast Survey system, was once waited opon by a committee of Congress sent to inquire into the progress of the work. The committee reached New York, and wended their way upstairs to the room where Hassler was drilling his classes and preparing them for the work. Hassler, who allowed no intruders, met them at the door and inquired their business. They answered that they had come to investigate. ' What part of the work do you wish to inspect ?' inquired the Swiss mathematician. Congress had n© definite idea on the point. ' Then you had better go and find oat/' returned Hassler, as he shot the door in the face of the astonished com mittee. The committee looked at each other, and, on second sober thought, concluded that Hassler was about right, and quietly wended their way downstairs, and back to Washington. 