WAS IT A GH05T THEY SAW ? Mra H. H. Jennings lives at No 211, Maiu Street, Bridgeport, and MisB Minnie Parrot boards with her. The \home is an old one, but in good order. One nighfc early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in, the house. rnu ? i-fit ♦-L- «na ViMTininn1 linwACPP. 171 flQ.fi A HKy iclu vJ-LC &CfcC1; w ?*****'& I **v *? v ? — 9 — r w front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the bouse laughing and talking. Bub as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Eight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of Mb fa:e was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves were rolled up, and ia one hand he carried a long, old-fasbiuned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr JenningB came in five minutes later he found no one m the parlour and all the doors aad windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? ' During a recent period of ill health,' writes en American friend,'! had slept badly for several successive night3. On the fourth ot these nights about two o'clock, I wa3 suddenly arouspd from a doze by what seemed like the calling name ; and at the foot of the b :d ?. d e image of my mother just as she k five years before, as she was leaving ometo go on a journey, on sviic joairney she was killed in a railway disaster. I screrm^d and fainted. I was foolish enough to toll of it, snd the locaL'old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I ve never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now.' No doubt iG was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricke the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mr3 Jane Foster, of JJsrracott Boad, Pokesdowc, Hants, wrote U3 as follows: — ' I was so .dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the rojm with me, yet I did not wish them far away in casa I Bhould call out for help. This was in June J889. I slept very badly, and in ube morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and boweli felt cold and dead. By-and-by I bad to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my f riendB agreed that I would never get better. ' I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me Bhe was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigtl's Carative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. 'Now I am as well as ever. I can eafc and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me.' The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her hus band, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and ttus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of tha Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eye3 and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. The constantly recurring note of pathos snd sorrow in border songs has its root iri the fact that the wilds of Yarrow, Ettrick, the Teviot, and the Tweed were the last resort and stronghold of a far tack decay, ing nationality— that of the - Ormri of Strath-clyde. — Saturday Review. The Government of India is Veiag moved in some quarters to endow Eesearch Fel lowships tor the encouragement of arcbje- logical explorations in India A. correspon dent writing to the Pioneer, of Allahabad, urges that ' India has scores of Pompeiis, nob destroyed by volcanic eruption, it is true, but by eruptions equally destructive to life and property.' 'With tbe currency question still unsettled, however, we barely expect to see the suggestion soonj adopted. 