THE POPE'S 80LILOQUY. (From the Converted Catholic ) Axt6r x opo Lioo Xlllt hftd oro&tQd; fooftoos new cardinals last January he began prepara tion for his Episcopal Jubilee, the greatest event in his life next to that of his elevation. to the fapal obair. The celebration toor place in February in St. Peter's Borne, where 60,000 people assembled to do him reverence. He was borne aloft in his royal chair and carried into the great church while the multitude prostrated themselves in adoration. He celebrated maiB at the high altar, that is, he brought down Christ from his place in heaven and by the magical words " Hoc est enim corpus meum " made him assume the form of a wafer. The people were indifferent to the supposed preBenoe of the Son of God, but they were enthusiastic in their hosannaa to the feeble old man who oalls himself the vioar of Christ. The celebration of the Jubilee continued for weeks, and the offerings to the Pope from hiB faithful snbjects of all countries who made a pilgrimage to Borne amounted to $2. 000,000) in money and presents. There waa no pilgrimage from the United States, as the quarrelB of the bishops and prieBts over Satolli'e appointment and the school question was too recent to allow them play the part of hyprocrites successfully. The English and Irish pilgricnB were there in full force, headed by the Dake of Norfolk, whose personal gift to the Pope wbb a check for $200,000; " I am weary of all this oeremony and parade," said the Pope to himself when alone after the departure of the pilgrims. " What does all this profit an old man like me? I know I must have appeared ridiculous when carried in my chair on the shoulders of men through St. Peter's, and the thought ooourred to me that if 'they had stumbled I should Brave been . dashed to pieces. I looked' like a god in my geogeons robes and triple crown ibedecked with jewels, and I suppose, some of the . spectators imagined that I possessed (divine attributes. My predecessors, the (imperial rulers of Borne, had divine honors jpaid to them and were sainted as gods ; bnt ihey were pagans, and no comparison should Sjo made between them and us. I know that tour ceremonies resemble theirs in many (respects and the homage paid to me issimiliar (to that which was offered to the emperors. But I would fain believe it is more sincere. 1 have no temporal kingdom as they had, but 1 have a spiritual" kingdom - they never (dreamed of. Those pilgrims at my Jubilee represented 200,000,000 souls who believe (they cannot go to heaven when they die nn- ' ilesB tbey have my permission. I create Ibishops and they ordain prieBta who forgive ttbe sins of the people, and the forgiven dsinner has a right to enter heaven. That's .'good logic. Of course we keep the souls in purgatory as long aB we pleaee — until i he last farthing for maBseB is paid ; bnt that is Ibnsiness, and no one who believeBin our power 2has a right to complain. If tbe pilgrims at any Jubilee should think me worthy of divine ihonor like the emperors of old, it is t est for (the interests of the Ohuroh to let them con tinue in their belief. As an individual when JI am talking to myself in this manner I might Jbave a different opinion, but it would avail ane nothing to entertain other thoughts than those which constitute the mind of the tchurch. And yet I cannot but remember the life on earth of Him whose vioar I am sup posed to be. He had no place whereon to lay JHiB head, while I Lave the largest and most isumptuous palace in the world, surpassing in iBplendour the gorgeousness of oriental harems —no, not harems ; I should not have said that, for we are all celibates in the Vatican, or we are supposed to be, which is the same thing in our theology. The pilgrims admired (tbe wonders of the Vatican, and the glories of St. Peter's and expressed their astonishment (that amid snob surroundings I should be so plain and unostentatious in private life. Some of them, doubtless, thought my chief (object in life was to sit on a throne and dio- tate to the cardinals. bishopB and priests throughout the world for tbe regulation of (the affairs of the Ohurch, They have been (accustomed to hear their paBtorB in their looal ichurches say, The Pope has declared thus and :so, and what he says is the command of God. If you believe what God says you must Ibelieve tho word of tbe Pope, who is His sole representative on earth. That is sound (dootrine and my priests are faithful in proclaiming it, and I reward eaoh of them in proportion as he emphasizes this cardinal point of the faith of my Ohurch. -Of course "when talking to Protestants they tickle their (ears by saying it is only when I am f peaking « excatJiedra that I am infallible — like and equal to God in this divine attribute. When the Church only was infallible it was supposed 'to be guided by the Holy Ghost, but now I am formally deolared by the Vatican Oounoil 'to be infallible in my own person as the head of the Oburcfa, and whatever 1 ray or do as leach ; has the same influence and authority as if it were the aot or word of God. "And there is where my good faithful (subjects make a mistake, imagining that lam (constantly on my high chair or throne diota- ting enoyolicals and infallible degrees. Dear ime, if they only knew that I have to dress (and undress, eat and drink, and rest and (Sleep, like any common mortal, I fear tbey would understand the difference between Almighty God and myself, and not pay me the reverence and adoration they now render to 'His Holiness.' But it is the best for the interests of the Ohuroh that they should con tinue in their ignorance. That fellow Mo Glynn use to say in New York that he hoped ito see a Pope some day walking down Broad- way dresBed in a frock coat and a stove pipe hat, with an umbrella under his arm. I have >no doubt whatever but Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop Ireland and other ' liberal Catho lics ' like them entertain the Bame sentiments. If Gibbons should be elected Pope after me, no. one knows what he might do, The Americans are a people without traditions, end. as the whole structure of my Ohuroh is ibuilt on tradition, there is no precedent in their history by which I could guage the probable action of a man from that country. I must get more information from Satolli (about America. He has cut a striking and picturesque figure in exploiting our 'liberal policy ' in that country, and he will be more successful now that 1 have sent Sbarretti and Papi as auditor and secretary to co-operate vwith him." Here the Pope was disturbed by Intrusive pilgrims. 