' HOW SHALL WE DECIDE. THIS QUESTION F -0 ,Now, which is the worse-to have no appetite for, your dinner, or to-have- no dinner for your appe I tite? ; There are lots of ,people on the, one side of the question. When " good digestion waits on appe tite and healnh on both," that is the ideal attitude of a peoson towards -hismeals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it- Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of itis that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without food, because short of the temptation line, a hungry man is a 'healthy.man: whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like. eating, stands in need of 'alteration and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communi i-cation in which the writer says, " I .was afraid: to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or. did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on 2 If the latter, who ? Let him clear, the mystery himself. He says' In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been sig nalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavor; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One think was like another, and- none was good. My tongue was coated and ferred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It- would gather so it felt like a, ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these cireumstan ces our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was whatihe calls " a pricking sen sation at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at -times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat roledoff him. "' I dreaded,' he says, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. After a time I got into a low weak nervous state, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the bratn enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always fall of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungov erned imagination: " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two yefrs is past my powers of description. I. am sure no one has suffered so much as I have done)" In the latter statenent he is undoubtedly wrong, One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbor's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentihns that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, " got me a bottle at Mr Lanstaff's, in Woodleford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) "GEonBE HUNT, " Car Bottom Road, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. Be BLhoo.--The Editor of t.e " Family Doctor" aves - " We have seen hosts of letters in which the writers acknow ledge the benefit they have received from Clarke's wonderful Blood Mixture, whichas a curative agent cannot be too highly estimated, since it cleanses the blood from all im purities. It the blood is diseased the body is. diseased. Clarke', Blood Mixture is a medicine of the greatest po ible value and it is certainly the finoest blood purifler that science and slIl have brought to light. We can with the utmost confidencerecommend it to.onr - subscribers and the publio generally."--The" FamiIy Doctor,'"- 16th July, 1892. For 'crofuls, Scurry, Eczema, skin and Blood diseases, and Sores of all kinds, it is a never-failing -and permanent cure. It is the only roal specifle for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause froni the blood and bones. Of Chemists &c.;, ever?ywhere .at 2d and Ua s per bottle. Tholsands of testimonmls from all parts. A nest-eggamounts to very little after a man falls back on it once or. twice. Out-spoken.-An open air address. A very promising affair.--An engagement ring. SFinancial philosophy.-The dividendjusti fies the means. 