n 91. BfiiiT Bm. - BTtEKACHCS, Dadoys dead!"> "Daddy whgf "Siingitheire «Goto-5r "i : .1 Thus the news was given and received, and Jem Johnson meant no blasphemy nor unbelief, nor even disrespect by his soasge txpletive. That Sling tbe Wire should be dead was to faim a fact so utterly strange Mid amazing he could, not express himself in any ordinary terms. Or rather, perhaps, be let his sou! out in the first words that came to his Hps. 44 Last night,'1 said the other fellow, 44 in the sheep wash bat." 44 There now V 44 Yes," Then we both dismounted and entered the at — a long slab table cown the centre, "a ouble row of banks on either side. Beyond, a bit of a eookshop, and on a broad table ere, whereon the cook had often hewed _ eep into chops and moulded his mighty #oaves, a something beneath a blue blanket.'77 There was nothing irreverent about J em as be bared his head, stepped softly and palled the blanket away. Then we saw 41 Sling the Wire" — ali that was left of him. It was not much ; about five feet two of the oldest seeming humanity eyes ever beheld. Flesh ali gone, teeth all gone, eye lids shot over sockets from which tbe eyes seemed torn or worn away. A bare scalp, looking like a skull one might pick np on a hot plain, hair the color of dead wool, lying like a patch cat from an old fleece on lips and chin, and falling back from the skull-like head on the rough boards. The whole body wrapped in a long son-rusted coat, the very same be had worn when I met him seven years before. I had met him before, yes, and had learned something of his story, and propose to set it down here because in his latest years 44 Sling the Wire" was one who linked tbe present with Australia's very first years of white occupation. He was old as oar history — no man knew how old. He had tbe haziest notions on the subject him self. I should think that he must have j overpassed four score and ten, for he seemed clearly to know of the time when the Blue Mountains shut in the infant colony, and all the inner land were peopled and pictured by fancy alone. I met him first — it was early in tfae- eighties — by a gate in fence where the so far unmietakeable track bifureated. He looked terribly old then, and fearfully and wonder- f ally dirty. He had the same old dead wool mat of hair about Hps and chin, the same tangled elf locks hanging down on the same old coat. When he lifted his marvellous cabbage tree he displayed a dirt-caked poll and a face whose innumerable wrinkles were filled with the dust of tbe plains accurately as those of any ancient dame of fashion with enamel or pearl powder. The dirty condition would not have occasioned sur prise, for it is very common amongst old hands in the bush. I knew one instance at a sheep wash of an old fellow who had some pottering job about the yards, and persisted at tucker time in handling the joints 44 wid his fists." and never washed. The other fellows remonstrated and then complained to the 44 boss. " 44 Yoa might have a sfoice down once a day, anyhow," said the boss. Old Bill replied, 44 It's time I was goin' further back. There's too much wash in' and foolm' here. It used to be enough for a man to wash whenever he got his cheque,'? . " Sung- the- Wire'' did not open the gate, but stood in his long coat, leaning on his long stick, conning me as I looked up one track and down the other, uncertain which to take. I bad said good day, and he had mumbled something in reply, how it was necessary to ask about the tracks, 44 Which of these tracks makes the river road ?" 44 What's your wire ?" It was the first hint of the peculiarity which gave him his name. I guessed his meaning, and replied, 44 1 want to the railway surveyor's camp. " 44 Ah ! Then you slings your wire this way. \ on takes that track amd you makes to that pint o' timber. You takes that on your back, leaves tbe track and slings your wire then straight down to the river timber. When von comes nigbityousees a opening, and a little farther ou big b&iah.; Just round that is the big bend, and there's the camp. See V r 44 Yes." 44 That's your wiie then." And without further words he- turned and went away. Shuffling over the plain with the old ceafc about his beels, back rounded, head bowed never in the world I thought did a figure answer so wall to that description of Chamisso's, of the buyer of Peter Sehlemil's Ehadow— an end of thread which a tailor has cast out of his needle. The camp was duly made, and we worked away for a week or more. " I had been ill, and a sensible doctor said, "Get out in the bush and work hard for a spell." An old mate had been appointed to survey this Hue and that made the opportunity. ' The doctor's was really godadvice and may as well be passed on. To any man wbo wants a lade ef real bush life, to gain in formation, tosatisfy curiosity, or to build up new life there u nothing like a spell in a surveyor's camp. Get a friend to put you on his staff as & workman and— woik. Drag the chain, blaze trees, make and drive pegs, tearp to pitch and strike a tent, and on Sundays and holidays rattle away to the .Hearst township, and prove the truth of the old Horatian proverb— iiJDulec est desipere in loco, " Learnhow rising-suns and moons appear when they come over an eastern bar un broken as on a placid- sea, and if it be in yon when the stars shine out at night, and the world ha very still, get to yourself a little of the sentiment which Ernest Favenc, poet and explorer, knew when he wrote his exquisite verses to the genius of Australias'sohtudes. But this is not ' Sling the Wire." I was sitting, .on a pine log smoking one night, a ' hundred yards from the camp, when, sud denly came, 44 Good day, "and there, leaning on bis stick was the tittle old man. 44 You elnng that wire all right 1" "Oh yes." 44 1 want a pot of tea." 44 Go down to the cook then." 44 That's my wire. I followed down an hour later, the evening was cold and calm, and bright. Dry pine logs had been thrown on the solid fire of box, which burned always from the pitching to the striking of the camp, and a ruddy blaze leapt high. The white tents showed clearly, the trees a little beyond them were intensely black. The bronzed-bearded hardy fellows lying about semed grouped for an artist, but bolt upright on & water-keg sat the little ola man, and beside him on his swagjfais head bowed to his knees, an old traveller. Sliiig- the-Wire was reciting a 4 4 some thing" which will not be found in any of the books. If memory would serve one could not print the whole of it. and indeed it was j mostly rubbish, though at times to bitter j and vigorous as to show the working of a j powerful mind. It was the ry hoied story cf j a 44 Prisoner's tour to HelL" 44 Thi- hero's va'.or had been tried Upon the highway before he died. I At length to d-a>.h fell a prey, 1 Which proved to him a happv day. j Downward he bent his steps untold Until he came te Satan's fold." i Satan, of coarse, would have none of him. | He was & man to be comforted, not tor mented, and so was sent on the upward ; track. HaviDg arrived at the gate he 44 Knocked so loud upon the wicket That Peer cried, Gome, where's your ticket ? " The old man on the swag looked up with a canning leer. 4t Ah I If he hadn't got that he was crooked 1 " 44Yes," said the narrator, "he'd Elnng a wrong wire he i." and proceeded — ,40r if vuii've so, none to show Is there anybody here y.u know ? " The gentleman admitted that he knew — -Jobnny Troy, and Wilkin?, too. Old Ben, and bold Jack Doaohue, And many more, who-e backs were mangled, Or whom Lone Tom, the hangman, strangled. Peter regarded this as sufficient qualifica tion and unbarred the door, after which the narration became somewhat blasphemous and very tame. It was eagerly listened to, however, and when towards midnight the old man said he would eling his wire for the station, the cook invited him to 4aoss in a tent." He said he would camp by the fire and did. But before sum ise he had taken his departure. He came along again on a Sunday, and I was alone in the camp, writing. 44 You're wire ain't the bush allays ?" 44 No." 44 1 could tell that by your blazes on the trees." 44 What's the matter with them ?" 44 If you'd slune your wire Hke that along with the Major, sonny, you'd have had fifty for breakfast every morning." 44 Who was the Major ?" 44 Ah I you didn't know him ; I did." (And he seemed to curl his shoulders as he spoke.) 4I done twelve months with the Major, cook's mate." 44 Who wrote the verses you were spouting the other night ?" 4 4 Ah! that was Frank, the poet. Frank Macnatnar&'s wire that was." 44 You've been & long time in the world, Daddy ?" 44 Yes," and he sucked hard at an empty pipe. A big plug of tobacco accompanied the question : 44 When did you come out V 44 Dtmno. I slang my wire first ia Luunon. All smart men slings their wire fust in Lunnon. King George was Governor then, and his wire was to send smart-men to Port Jackson. Some of tbe others said Port Phillip, but King George, his wire was Pori Jackson. I come to Port Jacksen." 44 What year?" 44Dunuo. But it was afore Governor Macquarie. He built the Bum Hospital, and I carried bricks." 44 Where did you work first?'' 4' The first man had me was a farmer near tbe old parson's place, at Parramatta. Par son used to preach on Sundays and flog on Mondays. Tuesdays he'd go aswn the river fishing — I've pulled him." This was fragmentary, and I soon found that only a few isolated peaks and capes stood out through the haze of his memory of that period. He crossed toe mountains with the third party. He thought it was the third party, and 44 slung his wire " in Mud gee country with Captain Deaae. 44 Oh ! it was a country fit for a man to Ifcre in then ; grass as big as salt bush and salt bush big as box. I was hut-keeping." 44 Lazy life hutkeeping ?" 44 You ever sling your wire at hutkeep ing:" 44 No." , ' 41 And you can't pat a straight blaze on a tree. Shall I give you the wire about hutkeeping 1" 44 Yes." A hutkeeper's wire them times was to watch five of 'em. The sheep, and the shep herd, the dingoes, an the blacks, and the boss. Sometimes one was the worst, sometimes another. He had to cook the shepherds tucker in the morning, leastways to boil the billy, for we didn't use to ook more'n once a week then. He had to hxtup all the hurdles, and fix 'em on a clean camp ; then to wheel the dog hex along. The dog box was a hut, on wheels ; both of you camped there, and the hutkeeper had to watch the sheep till morning. PVaps he didn't keep awake all night, but if the dingoes got into the yard, or the blacks speared the sheep, he shmg a had wire and was crooked with the boss. 44 What then?" 44 May be twenty-five, may be fifiv »» 44 Hard lines." : 44 Yes, sonny, if you slunga bad wire them days, the hues was hard. Then, mav be, you didn't siingthe same wire as the shepherd, and life was lonesome. I was hut-keeping with fiig Scotty, and we didn't speak for more'n two years. He hanged hisself to a brigalow after." 44 Could anybody flog then I1 44 No, the boa must ding tfe wire to hw mate. If yon kcowed it "you bolted, but ii yen didn't yoa was crooked — like Jemmy Mallins. He wax the bet cook on the Bogaa, bat he never would make a Christ mas duff. He slang a bid wire that way once. His boss « hard 'on, and when Jemmy for staff for Christmas he counted him oat ten plums. There was ten of than in the hat. Jemmy cooked the boss's doff, and served it up to his mates, and pat the ten plums in another and that went in to the boas. Trie boss laughed over it, bat next day he says to Jemmy, 44 You'll have to travel down to Dawson's, Jemmy ; they've got a spree on, and want the loan of you. You'll vget plenty of grog, no doubt, and give Mister Dawson this note. Jemmy slung a bad wire because that note was a order for fifty, and they tied him up to a dray wheel and served him. He wouldn't mix a duff after that if he hanged for it." So the old man would yarn by night or in i the tent on Sundays ; and as he talked it was marvellous how old historic figures seemed to appear and live again. He was of no use if yon came to dates. He was 4 'lagged before Waterloo. He didn't know what for, but he reckoned he slung a good wire then. He remembered being kicked out of doors and 4' dossing " under cover when he could get it. London was a cold hanory, crowded place, and there was always plenty of sunshine and meat in Aus- | tralla. Every man's wire was to come to Port Jackson, if he would only siing it. Travellers had told him there were folks settled in Port Phillip now. but travellers were liars mostly. He had a mind to sling his wire that far — but who would shepherd the r&ais; if he was away ? 44 Safe journey, ' said he, as I said good bye that time, and 44 don't you cet off the Major's old lipe when you get into the mountains, or you'll sling a had wirs." He had never seen the railway, scarcely believed m its existence, for all news came to him by travellers, and all travellers to him were liars. tn yet another Spring I saw him again. A cold had crept into his old lungs, and sat down there. All his bones seemed to rattle as he coughed, and you might well imagine nose and chin would presently knock to gether. He had crawled from the home station to the camp in" a mortal terror, for 44 the boss," 44 the manager of the station," had proposed to send him into hospital. He could not disassociate the ideas of hospital and gaoL It meant confinement and restraint. It came over him with an indefinable horror. As soon as it was dark he 44 slung his wire " straight ont fcr the bush, and when the cold came on him he saw the light of the camp fires and made down to them. He lay there when the cook turned out, and 44 Doctor," said he to the cook, 44 you speak a good word for me to yonr boss and let me lay alongside the fire at night, and IT1 sling my wire into the scrub on the ridge at day light, or, may be, he'd give me a job point ing pegs. I can't so amongst them wails, Doctor; I should die. It ain't my wire, you see, never was." So the cook told when he brought in breakfast. Old Dad came ud later, shiver ing fearfully, and was hardly steadied bv a half-pannikin ol rum. He eertaialv would ! have died had any attempt been made to re move him to the township. 44 I'd sling mv wire there," said he, 44 if they'd let me eamp in one place — " 44 Where's that ?" 44 That's Billy Samson's dead house." 44 Where they put the drunks and dead beats f' tl Jess so. I'd find travellers there, and I could pitch and give them the wire where to make for ; and Billy, he wouldn't see me short of a bit of damper. I'll sling my wire down to Billy's." 44 You'll die on tbe road." 44 What for ?" It was a hard question, and remained unanswered. After a moment's silence, he spoke again, brigntening. 44 I'll leave Billy this turn. There's old Sam up the river ; he's got a tree with room in it for two, I'll sling my wire to Sam's, and we'll doss together. An' old King Jerry, he'll get us 'possums if Sam can't ketch fish." 44 Stay with the cook till to-morrow," Eaid the boss, and that evening we both went down to the home station. The manager felt nothing but kindness for poor, old Dad, but he was bad, and the hospital seemed the only place for him. 44I should be blackguarded by every rag of a newspaper m Biverina v I let him die in the hut," said he, 44 though God knows he's welcome te them alL He won't rest, either, unless he thinks be is doing something, and what's he fit for, except a coffin?" It was a rough sort of kindness, but the ward coffin suggested probably, the cemetery. There was a little fenced enclosure of that sort on tbe run, and was it not possible for l4Oid Dad" to take charge of it I Something like setting him to die his own grave, it seemed, but the idea took. The old man re garded it as final deliverance from all dreao of the hospital, and went to work, and began to get better. He knew nothing about gardening; his only notion was to plant trees and flowers. He could see the beauty on any patch of the saad-rvupe, mm! would say to himself, ' We most hare that in tbe grave garden." And so be rooted up young myalls and mulga and wilga and brigalow, with clematis and native flowers innumerable, and carried them down and set them about the grave. And enough grew to fill the place and make It beantifuL In the evening he would c< sling his wire" to the hats or the travellers' camps and pitch there to young Manaro men and youths from the Gun lb am, and new chums and dead beats from the city, exchanging occasionally a few words in an unknown tongue with some ancient, whose facadbewrayed him clearly as would the seams and furrows of bis bared back. No one molested him, not even the larrikins who come down like ghouls ana vampires into the sweet and lovely sanctu aries of Riverina's Spring. He seemed to be tbe same as of old, but in a year or two the station hands noticed that he "slang his wire" more furiously than ever. The ouaiat, incomprehensible phrase, picked up no man knew bow, seemed to take possession of him. New hands oa the nver used to seek him out as a sort of cariosity, bat those who knew him better had only one fear, which was that bis reason would wholly give way before his life's thread snapped. Perhaps it did. This at least is wnat happened, on the night before the the morning when Jem Johnson and I saw bim in the hut. It was early Spring and wet, and yet another cold had laid siege to the poor old citadel of his life. He coughed himself to pieces almost as he sat by che fire, and a foolish fellow said, 44 You'll have to sling your wire to that hospital yet, Dad. " It was seen immediately thai the words awoke the old horror, and the more sensible of the men scowled and cursed deeply as the old fellow gathered himself together and crept away to his bunk. Still nobody thought anything would happen. All hands turned in by ten, and they said he was asleep. He smothered his coueh till near midnight, then crept from his bunk, carrying a single blanket, aad so our of the hat into the night. Possibly he had made up his mind to seek the empty but at the sheepwash ; more likely he was only flying away from the walls and doors and imaginary bolts and bars of the hospital. It was an early Spring night, with a full moon and a few stars. Long lush grass had already sprung on all the plains by the river. The dew was heavy, and before the dawn had almost been transformed into hoar frost. He went by the cemetery and seemed to have halted there. Easy to i tell what he pondered, through thai halt. He passed through the horse paddock, where all the great myalls shone as trees of frosted silver. He turned inland at the long reach. He would see the boat coming down then with her gigantic eves of fire, and snort and Dark of engineering and beat ot paddles. She might seem a demon to his disordered fancy or he might simply fear that some of tbe hands would recognise him. He threaded bis way between 44 Adams Swamp" and the river, and seemed to have hurried. Adam's ghost is seen there, at times. Adam, who got D.T's. at the shanty and hung himself from the dead balab. He crossed the sheep bridge and seemed to have rested a bit on a white log by a high bank of the river. Yen cm always hear the shepherd's companion there, and his evil may have come seductively, temptingly over the dark swift stream. On again over Paddy's plain, and the day must have been about breaking then, aad the jackass would be hooting and the magpie 1 betrieni ag hm eariktt carol, and the native IB eompemam groping about fay the sw aW would uUmmtr UttomA the grey, etafE BM like aad weird. Be, ea mast giimmertag wold aad weald/ the little <>jJ buk of fcasaamty. the bit of thread whirij fl| the tailor had now indeed east out of his RIB needle, went rhuffiiogaSoae. HB The abeep-waah is at tbe lagoon at the Bl end of Paddy's Plain. Aad round about afl |g9t tbe black pools, halting here and there B' west tbe tracks. Over the bush Ifllf herbage, breriztag away the dew, breaking down stalks and leaves. Yoa could ?ee that |B| the Devil had tempted him all along the pafjji; dreary roed, but he had made up bis miafl to 44 sling a good wire " for the last. Perhaps he lay down to deep— doubtleg he was very weary — stretched himself oa plff' tbe beards, drew the blanket over bis face pfp and slept as we all must sleep at last. ¥$$$. And so ended a hundred years of life HB begun in the days when George the Third Bl had only begun to reign ; and in the elums BH| of London, running through tbe whole |B period of Australian development, an I HH|| gathering nothing therefrom, nor, so H far as could be learned, doing HB any man any harm cr wrong. How Bl he picked up the strange phrase which named him, no man seemed to know, bus MB when it came to the business of registration |MS| and burial no other name could be foomL fBI He seemed tbe last of a dead race. He Hi had no correspondence, no badness, no acquaintances or friends who could tell aught of his baptismal name. ppjitg He had outlived his own generation and its institutions. He was 44 Old Dad," 44 Sling -'''-T the Wire," nothing more. They buried him in the little 44 grave garden" he had loved and tended so u ell. There he sleeps mow in strangely mixed g||f company. 0, It is carious to think whit a mar- V-:J vellous party will come out cf some of these old station burviug grcands ffiK whenever the seal is breken, which bids laud HH and sea give up their dead. A queer glimpse IH of old colonial life it will be the folks of BH those times. The pioneer squatter and his Bl wife may be, his assigned servants, i ut no |8ff8 blacks of that generation. Later on, old "r 'Wi King Jerry and his gin, Bill the stockman / and the yoang Heavys well, who came oa t for colonial experience, and got fever. Little f||l| golden-haired Mnriel, who was drowned in the river, and Old Jack, who died trying t-o save her. Commonplace men and women, such as we ail know of a still later times and amongst them anomalous as amongst ihe living in the time of his later years, f!B Old Dad— 44 Sling- the- Wire"— who, as they say on che river still, 44 Never done no harm anyhow." Ssa|| MB — — — The members of the Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly appointed to |g| inquire into tee Mildura difficulty will, H it is understood, report in favor of HH filing the 44 stock-in-trade " area of JB| the Chaffeys not liable to rating at 1500 B| acres. Any dispute to be referred for settle- Bl ment to -the engineers of tbe Chaffey Bros. |H Limited, and the Irrigation Company, ahd JIB in the event of their failing to agree an ' "lltf engineer of tbe Water Supply De- vffjj partment to aqt as arbitrator. As fyfw for & permanent settlement the Com- WBt mittee will advise the adoption ®f one HH of three courses— viz., a Supreme Court Hi action which the Chaffey Co. favors, the H appointment of a board of arbitration or a |B royal comaiision to deal with tbe subject. Bl A block of tin, the first smelted on the 81 Mount Wills field, was on view at the p||g Mines Ilepartinenfc on Tuesday. It was |1|| from the Mount Wills South claim. 