The Drover's Story. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] Ghosts and warnings and such-like things Are hard to believe in; but one may know Queer things to happen—when one lives Full threescore and a year or so. Men who will chat in a crowded room Of spook and spectre in mirthful tone At night will sometimes go m les around Rather than pass by a grave alone. I remember something that happened once— 'Twas in the summer of sixty-three. I wav bringing cattle from Christmas Downs To the old head station at Werribue. We camped at the close of a burning day On thu bank of a reedy, wile lagoun; Ah dreary a place au one well could see In the fading light of the afternoon. But handy enough ; for in dayu gone by Uome drovers storm-stayed upon the way Had built a shelter of stakes and bark— A cosy place for a rainy day. The clouds were banking above oar heads, There was blowing only the faintest breeze, But a storm from afar was coming fast By the blackening skies and the moaning treeu, We meant to camp in the hut that night— The weary cattle would scarcely stray. The sun went down, and the full moon shone In a fitful cloud- dimmed sort of way. We had hardly settle i around the fire With as good a supper au man need eat, When we heard a sound like a wind gone mad And the noise of a thousand hurrying feet. Tim cattle of course—they would not camp; We put it down to the windy night. Afterwards, though, we changed our minds. Hearken awhile; I will toll you why. The cattle were weary, yet would not rest; Once off the camp they were quiet and stood; So we brought them buck, but they mailed a^ain, Nor seemed contented, do what we would. Seven times they rushed from the camping ground, Till at last we Haw we must let them go, And move our saddles and watch-fires up To the place they seemed to have fancied bo. And we camped in the open around the mob, While fiercer the rising storm wind blew, And the rain came down like v waterfall, As only rains in the tropes do. We longed for the shelter beneath the tree, For the lightning's flash and the thunder's roar Were enough to frighten the boldest there; But the darkest night will still be o'er, As all things end; aud the storm died down, And morning lighted the world again. And the moss-grown trees were no longer brown, But green and gold from the cooling ruin. Wliiki the others wero spreading their traps to dry I strolled across to look at the place Where the shelter atood, aud to see if the Thing That startled the cattle hud left a trace. The golden sun touched the still lagoon, And opened the flowers with magic key; Raindrops glittered on ever)- leaf, Song birds twittered on every tree. The grans of the camping ground was sweet, But where the shelter of bark had been Lay the blasted trunk of a mighty tree Hiding the wreck 'neath its crown of green— Struck by lightning, and nil around Lay many a splintered and blackened bough. That's the reason we changed our minds. I always think '(was a warning now— From Providence, as the parsons say. Though the men were as lawless aud wild a crew As one would find from here to the Gulf, They all of them thought it a warning too. And ever since that night it has seemed As certain as life and death to me That Some One watches our way through the world However lonely our path may be. Thane. Callandoon, Goondiwindi. 