Topics. Mb. Garrard's meeting ut Granville was by no means an unfavourable one. There is nothing brilliant about him, but 'he is homely, trenu'mnt, and apparently sincere. Ho is not a born politician, but just gives one the impression that lie has served an apprenticeship to the business, and by application uod plodding has mastered matters parliamentary, ifedislies up fucts and events as if he had an almanac to publigu. * * The politician may bo compared to the journalist. Some men can rattle off a leader full of originality and imagination ; others can simply marshal! fuels aud make a lew common place observations on them. It isn't an uncommon thing in provincial journalism to find the editor jealously guardiug a column to himself under the heading of ' Current Topics,' 'Stray .Notes,' or 'Notes anl Comments.' Paragraph iirat bus an inch or two of extract matter from another paper, a mI it is supple mented by i'ue wordi of originality from the editor, who adds ' How. is that for1!?'' Para graph 2 is equally indebted io the predatory scissors,1 bui it is livened up by tbjs plirase of, originality, ''Exactly ! Them's our senti ments.' And so the editor wades along lor a column, when he wearily puts dowi) his scissors ajui paste-brush with a sigh and flatters himself ho has licked the universe into shap; by his laborious lit'jrls to spurJtlc up tho original man's ideas with sentences of live words and vervlbii! notes of exclamation or interrogation. as tue casj may be. That is how Mr. Garrard sliikes oie. lie takes up tlu Lociil Guvernmem I3ill uud adds ii very gooil' or '? very bad,' according to liis particular fiiucy. H« trots through thu ses»ion«l orders like a machine, wilh :i tew common place ri'iiiBrka. Torough it all is the journey man's impress, bat nothing of llio tradc-aiark if the master. ♦ But the plolder of the. Garrard typo is useful for all that, lie is. always there. Ho. sticks to liis post as if every hour was his last, and he is still delving away wneu the brilliant man Das shot bis boll. In, his'own quiet way ho keeps tlia pot u-bilin' ivheu tfie fire of the genius has burnt out. . The farce of moving; the adjournment of the Council was indulgtd in by 'Aldermuii William son ut the Bydalmero Council at their last meeting. He had given notice of a resolution which the Mayor very properly ruled out cf order ; but in order to get behind tho Mayor's ruling ho nioved the adjournment of: tho Ooun-' oil. Unfortunately for good order and oommon sense, tue Mayor anowea mm co speau, and he fumed away for about a quarter of uu hour, when the motion for adjournment was put and carried. Now what good did Alderman Williamson do by this absurd trick? Ho wasted the time of the Council by indulging in a yard or two of rigmarole, and bis resolution for adjournment having besu carried, the rest of the business was biookod, M Supposing the by-laws allowed such a ridiculous proceeding as moving tho adjourn ment of the Council, the publio would very soon rise up in their wrath and demand that it be repealed. There can bo no order while subb a .practice is allowed to continue. A oun tankerous alderman could put on a string of resolutions that he knew perfectly well were out'of order, and because the Mayor properly oxercises the power vested in him, tho said cautankerous, popularity-hunting, notoriety seeking aldermen would immediately move the adjournment of the Couucil, aud so put the meeting into disorder and confusion. l-'ar better hy for a little tyrannical ruling at times by tho Mayor than tlie tyranny of a disorderly, bumptious, loud-mouthed ignoramus. A nice state of muddlo would municipal jouucils'drift into if every sensational, bluster ing councillor had the power to tyrannise over all semblance, nt good order and regular procedure. Soino aldermen always huvo a grievance. Just look, for instance, at Alder man Thorpe. Ho first howled about the water, and consumed hour after hour in ventilating the subject, ud til the ratepayers stepped in last February and, told 'him they wero not with him. Then ihe took up tho finances of tho borough nnd succeeded in getting special auditors appointed at ti cost of close, on £1000. Even: that did not satisfy him, and ho still wants to howl. on'. tbe -subject. '.- ?:?? .'? Hang it, wo can get too much of a good hliinn* Wa /»;*n irn wiMl AMnrtilttti TliArnA nn to .a certain point, but this damnable itera tion meeting after meeting would. turn away tho most faithful follower. We want some thing of the stylo of .tho oldiEoman Senators something of tbe iron rule of one J. Cresar. 7Io one day ? was annoyed with a. popu lurity-hunter called Cato, who, in order to prevent, a decree from being passed, .attempted, to waste a day in speaking1. J. Ctcsar was always regarded as a consul'of leady .resource, and without calling him to order half a dozen times like Julius Cfesar Byrnes would do iu dealing with Cato TJorpe,.he simply ' ordered him to be led to prison.' There was some style iibout Ctcsar. Ho ivould tolerate no humbug. Of course, at tlin.ii time thero 'was an ' indiguunt public,' just the t-nmc as there is ta-duy, and they took a hand when thoy saw Calo getting lhu worst of it. Says history : ' When Cato oue day, to prevent a decree from being rassed, attempted to waste thu day in speaking, C;:'-ar, then consul, ordered him to be led to ptK'jri, wheieupoii the /tO'itc -?(,-?.? I' J'othv: iiim, whk-h in i-!o C.ivir ree.ill his order.' Thorpe's friends certainly scoved on that occasion. But. very funny things happened in theso davs. Here is a minute from tho old Romans Senate records : ' Wlion n report was brought thai an ox hail fpoken, a tiling ficiiuenlly mentioned in ancient authors, tho Senate was held under the open air.' History is rather deficient in regard to that record. It omits to mention what ward was represented by tho ox that was tho oauao of nil tho troub'e. How ever, it h useful in ono rospeot — it shows Mayor Byrnes what tho old Romuns did when oxos or asses spoko. Now why count not tho P.'irrniuatta Council nrljonrn to St. John's Park ? ? ? Dibbs is going on tho linos of The Akgus. Some mouths baok wo proclaimed thai wo would lay, 1'reotrado and Protection aside and' go for^straight, , honest men to manage the uffairs of the country. Tbo Premier took up that cry at Penrith, _btit with him it is ouly talk. Jt is amusing' to hour him blow of retrenchment nfter having pirated his estimates through tho House and : aotually increased tho pay of a lot of big sain ry men. Ho did show retrenchment in one place — by knookmg oft all tho pennies of tho poor old nicniu tho asylums : but at tho .samo time ho sprung X100 a J'ear. extra on to Director Muxtec1. By-the-way, what has become of that crimi nal prosecution that tho Premier threatened against M^axted's aocusers ? It is stated that tlio Premier now s^iys Masted ahould prosecute. Well, as tbe Direotor was charged with some very serious offences (and acquitted according to Stipendiary Clarke}, he should bo compelled to prosecute. Thoro is wailing and lamentation. in Pnrra mattn over tho Premier's dirgo at Ponrith. 'Tho churchyards will cease toj have n vote,' says Dibbs, referring to the New Electoral Bill. This- is a gross interference, with tho liberty of tho underground engineer. What ! Clio cnuronyaras aannoc givo up uieir aeaa on polling day ? The idea is monstrous ! Dibbs had better boware. There are thousands of old Parritmuttuns long sineo de.'id and gone who have regularly exercised their votos as surely as if they had been in the flesh. Has tho Premier, who seems to bo playing shuttlo oook with all parties just now — even unto yarding up tho National Ass. with the agitation ass— no thought of tho thousands of spirits who walk the earth Hvhen tho popular local candidate is trying to squeeze into tho ballot-box? What a talo could a deputation of ghosts unfold to tho unwilling ears of the Premier ? V Sir ?. Georgo Dibbs tolls us that he rostored confidence in : tho colony in London when he was throwing away that A'1000 champayning Albert Edward. Wo wore talking to a busi ness man tbo other day who was trying to arrange with n London house to send goods to New South Wales. ' What ? ' exclaimed tho astonished London merchant, 'I would sooner throw my goods into tho Thames' than send them to Australia !' Another busiuess man was operating in New York housos in a large way with a credit note of £5000 endorsed by a' leading Australian bank ; but be received word that he must send tho endorsement of a substantial Dullish batik boforo his orders would bo fulfilled. 