" CHINA INLAND MISSION. ; ' V LETTER FEOH Ezv. JOHN SOHTHET. Pabt n. . ; Leabxxxg the Language. The days pass by very rapidly here. Every morning at half-past nine the teacher comes, and, with the exception of two hours in the middle of the day, when he goes for his dinner, he is here until half-past five or six. Li Sien- scng, the teacher, is not a graduate, -nor would his countrymen consider him an accomplished scholar; but con- , sidering that we are the first foreigners lie has taught, he is really an admirable ; ;:y. teacher. Personally we like him very much, as he is good- tempered, obliging, and very dib'gent,. and does not often — and this is no .small recommendation to a Chinese teacher — go to sleep in the ' middle of a., lesson. Of his.-.religious state,! cannot speak definitely.' A .. . litife ' while ago'., when he was opthe hills, with ns, I really believed that- he fi. was converted ; but since ourretiirn . to city there has been' a: declension; He says, and I believe he. speaks , the truth, 'that he believe3 onrr;doctrine to be true, 'and thai Jesus Christ the . Son of God died and rose again, hut he says with perfect frankness that he is afraid of his uncle and friends. The first two or three months with a Chinese teacher is somewhat amusing ; for as he does not understand a word of English, and as you know just as much Chinese, communication is a matter of some little difficulty. We begin by reading an admirable primer which has been prepared by Mr. Balle3 of our mission ; this book contains a exeat number of useful words and idioms, and of exercises upon them. At first the teacher can only give us the correct sounds of the different characters in the primer, and we spend hour after hour simply repeating the sounds after him. Little by little we. get accus tomed to the sounds,' and pick up two or three idioms, and then we are able to ask him a question or two. After a while we read the Gospels with him, and a native book, and then we not only get the proper sounds and tones from him, but by asking him to explain words and sentences to us we gradually acquire a number of colloquial words and idioms. Nothing delights our teacher more than for me , to translate some English idioms into literal Chinese. One day I was very sleepy, and I asked the teacher to give me the Chinese idiom which describes that condition, making him understand by signs what Imeant. When he had done so I told him in Chinese that we said, " My eyes are very heavy." Some days after tins I noticed that he was very sleepy, and by-and-by, after some well-marked nods and starts, he' looked up, and very apologetically said: " Ien-thing chong-teb-hen" (My eyes ore exceedingly heavy). I am now able to take native prayers with the servants. I. commenced this two or three months ago when we went to the bills for a change, and ever since then I have regularly taken prayers with them every other day, Tang-ta-ko, our cook, one of the oldest and brightest ; of the Christians, taking them on the alternate day. Once, too, I have given an address in the church ; but these first attempts are, humanly speaking, very, very feeble, and it. is so strange, when one wishes to give a short address to have to go mentally- over it all beforehand, testing every word, sent ence, and idiom, and after being turned back from something one would like to say by not knowing how to put it in Chinese. .. But even this is not without its advantages, for it sends one. to the Lord for power as one has never— let me say it with shame— been sent before. Looking back now, one can sea how sadly self-sufficient one was, for, rightly looked at, is not exactly the same Holy Ghost power required for effective work when preaching in one's native tongue as it is when preaching with stammer ing lips in Chinese?. But out here — and thank the Lord for it-that need is realised as it neverwas before. The Chuech at Hang-Chong-Fu But now, leaving the ladies' house, about a .quarter-of-an- hour's walk almost due west brings us to the church, close beside which is the house of Mr. Easton, the superintendent of the work in the provinces of Shen- si and Knn- suh. The church, which will seat about a hundred and thirty, is a very plain and unpretentious building; indeed, its whitewashed walls, its thatched roof, supported by undressed timbers, and its plain earth floor, might strike spine of our very ecclesiastical friends as being barn-like rather than church-like. But to those who recognise that the wobshippebs sanctify the building, and not the building the worshippers, it is all- sufficient; and, indeed, it becomes perfectly beautiful when we remember that not so many months ago those who now worship within -its walls were hopeless, godless heathen. Every Sunday there is a Sunday-school (which is attended by adults as well as children) and public worship, and through the week there' is a pralyer- meeting: (which is relatively muoh better attended than the average prayer-meeting at home) and a Bible- class. Besides this there is a ' day- school -for the son's of the Christians, which is . taught by one of the converts ; this isi'ah'important -work, and It -la carried on on perfectly safe lines. No attempt "is made , to- teach the boys English, which Hpffbeen the moral and : spiritual ruin of many . a boy- in.. -China ; nor are. they taught to read their own classics, the one aim - being to enable them to read the Word of God in their own tongue ; apart from this all that they are taught are elementary arith metic end geography. This exclusion of the writings of Chinese sages may be, and probably is, adversely criticised, especially by those who regard Christi anity merely as the best among many competing religions, and who claim for Confucius and Mencius an equal inspiration with Isaiah and Paul ; but as I dare not stay now to enter fully into the question, I will simply say that the above lines have been followed after much prayer for guidance, and assuredly, if real conversions to God count for anything, the seal of the Divine approval has been set to the school work. Here, too, as at the Doctor's honse, women's work is done, Mrs. Easton holding classes for women during the week. Mr. Easton, in addition to his work as superintendent of two large provinces, is also local secretary for the station of Han-Chong, or, in other words, all the business of the station . passes through his- hands. He receives and makes up the mails ; orders for stores are sent and re mittances are received through him ; business transactions with the landlords of the different houses have to be managed by him ; and all this, together with the superintendent's work, which, quite apart from its spiritual aspects, involves a great deal of secretarial work keeps him as busily employed as any man needs to be kept. How useful his knowledge is to newcomers like myself only those who have been helped by him can tell ; and 1 want to thankfully testify of the great help I received when struggling with that drudgery which seems inseparable from the initiatory stage of acquiring any new language. 