DIALOGUE WITH A FROG p, ON b VILLAGE SETTLEMENT IN VIO- . TOR An o-- POLITIO N w -oso (BY JAMEs McMiAUS PYALONG, VICTORIA) 1r as (Continued from last issue.) th Amongst other proofs of the Australian no white man's extermination being a certainty th he pointed to his blunder in introducing col- to ossal irrigation works in thenortherndistricts. th Here they made irrigation drains which have to no source of supply worth talking about in th thesummer, and in winter they so inundate th; the country that for months farm houses are kept dry only by raising embankments round them. In addition to all this loss and misery il to the inhabitants of the irrigated districts, a@ they are asked to pay interest on the out- m lay. This, however, is like squeezing blood out of a stone, and instead of paying interest on the outlay for irrigation, the inhabitants pe of the irrigated districts want to borrow still ex more money. With a laugh, my father W used to speak about the special Mallee Act- mE ' After fencing in the Mallee country with vii wire-netting, which South Australia con- ret demned, Victoria handed over an almost un- as limited extent of country to the Mildura be company who were not only authorised to sell hoi the land to settlers but were also allowed to thl have the benefit indirectly of the settlers' ata improvements. They gave a big slice of this pu Mallee country to another gentleman for a for mere nothing, and allowed him to cut it up in blocks and sell it. They next allowed the same gentleman to commence a railway through the Mallee country and then in generously took it off his hands to make it themselves. Here is a wrinkle for the all Warburton railway agitators, ' Argus' and ' Age.' All these acts of the Victorian Leg- islature so delighted my father, he consider- [?] ing them as sure proof of the [?] of his prophecies about the extermination of the white man, that he used to recount them at all meetings of frogs, and call them not only acts of folly but by harder names which it might be libellous to repeat. The unhappy news that Victoria had made up its mind to n drain the Gippsland swamps so incensed him, at a time he as a prophet was expecting the white man' "'fall, that he suddenly took e ill and soon afterwards expired. ' " I would not mind,' said he, 'if we were exterminated by noble foes, but to be wor ried by poor devils, who though in as land 'flowing with milk and honey' are unable to supply their people with the neces- C saries of life, this alone is so degrading that a I cannot outlive it.' ' His last words to-us were to abandon all stinking pools, holes and swamps and take t up our abodes on the dry fertile hills of the ' Baw Baw locality. S ' ' These places being well adapted for the e abodes of men are certain to be the places he will not select. Man's character,' said my dying father, ' has sunk so low through the rascally system of politics he has adopted that to do wrong is becoming more con genial to him than to do right. In fact his sense of smell is even so changed that he is beginning to prefer the scent of rotten swamps to the balmy breezes of hill and dale.' SHere, again,' said the frog, with a big 1 oath, 'weare disturbed, but I believe you who disturb us do not belong to the politi cal set who piloted through the Mallee-lhnd and railway acts ; who run irrigation drains over half the barren portions of Victoria, though not knowing from whence the water is to come unless they get it from the Mur ray, which belongs to N. S. Wales ; who put surveyors on to survey off a piece of Victoria for South Australia, at the same time that they allowed selections to be sur veyed in such a manner that the marks disappear before the selector knows where they are; you do not belong to the set, I say,' said he,' who allowed sexagenarians to remain in the civil service contrary to the spirit of the Oivil Service Act, and at the same time increasing their salaries at the close, the upshot of which is that many of these men retire on pensions the amounts of which would make a German prince's mouth water. ' In a word,' said the frog, 'you must be a bird alone, and, notwithstanding your pub lished programme, not a politician at all, for if you were, instead of being land hunting about these fertile but trackless ranges you would be swallowing champagne or travel ling perhaps in a special on the cheap. Having come to this conclusion I do not think that we frogs have much to fear about being disturbed here by many of your class. ' Well,' said I, interrupting him, ' what course would you suggest for starting an ideal village settlement r ' I'll tell you,' said he, ' and my reason for telling you is because I do not like your race, and wish to see them do wrong, and I know there is no better way of effecting that than by telling them to do right, for then, donkey like, they are sure to do the opposite. If you tell them it is to their advantage to start village settlements on fertile hills which Nature irrigates, though land end local legis lators leave them without roads, they for a certainty will do the opposite, and choose I parched Mallee lands or newly drained t( swamps, and other such pest holes and germ of beds. Those of them who settle in the w Mallee will, like parched lambkins, be bleat- n ing for water in summer, whilst the ones who t, select the reclaimed swamps will fill the hi world with their cries for boats in winter to ti Havethem fromnthe :hoods. a ma-y'1t.ill it very Well for an Indian or a Ohinaman to de- L pend on irrigation for productiveness. In it addition to irrigation they depend on intense ti culture and manure, and on the latter to vi such an extent_ that in China a guest who fit would depart from a host's house without ot trying to empty his bowels on the manure pi heap would be looked upon as mean and rude re as a Victorian who would depart from a pt shanty without shouting. What a pity that as the gentlemen who introduced the irrigS- th tion and draining business in Victoria could in not be induced to make a will authorising hi their bodies after death to be handed over bi to some intelligent Chinaman. I'll swear w] that John would turn those precious corpses- co to better uses than even the medical schools, ov they thus would become more useful in death an than they were in life. foi ' To be brief,' said he, ' this is how proper an village settlements could be formed. First C send experienced men into Gippsland to a mark off sites for villages and railways. do Why, from the very spot on which you stand, CO Whitelaw's Greek, near the Raw Baw, a mi person even with one eye can see a valley fot extending from the Neerim railway to gce Walhalla, along which a railway could be th' made that wguld give lots of employment to un village settlers for years, provided it be not an required to be made too quickly. As soon tai as the village sites are marked, let the men Wi be put on to clear these.sites and build their houses. Be sure to select the vilage sites so ag that they will be the sites of future railway ie stations. Next, after having built their huts in put the men on piecework to clear tracks M. for such roads and railway. Arrange the mi work so that the men can devote half time ha to clearing their own selections. Then put lau a few of the villagers to the work of pack ing food and necessaries from the nearest lai station for the general - body. Be sure that itl all things are supplied at first cost, and that its none of the philanthropists whose eyes must the long ago be drained of tears through weeping i over the distressed,' but whose r ener Sphilanthropf- be'sure, I say, that none of these tender hearted individuals pocket com mission on goods supplied to the settlers or otherwise make profit or capital out of them. If such men be allowed to meddle in the matter, failure is certain. Also be sure and do not make mountebanks of the settlers by wronging them with reporters and idle visitors, such proceedings will have, the evil effect of making the settlers look upon them selves as specimen paupers, and it will have the effect of making the patrons vain. In stead of encouraging the settlers to make money, encourage them to prduce food and e clothing on their selections. Introduce t amongst them at once women from Scotland who will teach them to knit their own caps, I shawls, stockings, and other garments ; in e troduce amongst them women from Ireland,' who will teach them to convert wool into yarn by means of the old spinning wheel. and weavers to weave it into cloth; in a word, introduce among them as teachers men and women from every country in the world 1 who make a speciality of producing home made food or clothing. If that be done,' said he, ' after the villagers, working half time at public road making, will have the roads in their districts finished they, not only Swill be able to support themselves, but will d have roads made, not only for their own benefit, but for the benefit of the country. Surely nothing could be more worthy of imi g tation and more desirable than to see a com :mnnity of people able to clothe, feed, and d house themselves well, and entirely un affected by the changes of the money market. To such people it would not matter a straw whether gold and silver were impounded in the banks or scattered abdut the streets like rubbish that they are. Solomon in all his glory Swas not able to make the world yield him more enjoyments, imaginary ones excepted which are not to be taken into consideration, than he could procure from clothing, housing and feeding himself well, and all these can be procured by Australian villagers if they only go the right way about procuring them. SCompare suecha system of village settle Sment,' said the hfrog, ' with thatproposed by' Sthe ex-Minister of Lands, for whom we have no regard in consequence, I believe, of his ,f having a hand in driving us out of our homes Sin the swamps, and compare it with the scheme of his noble successor, the present Minister, for whom we have some respect, if for nothing else, on account of his alleged manly exertions over the historic .mnill affair, r which instead of dispossessing us.frogs helped g to make us a new home. Also compare such i a scheme of village settlement with some of the various sorts suggested or already started. SWe lately read of a Government one where, Ot according to the Argue reporter, the men spend much time carrying on their backs s. Government tucker from a distant store, the at storekeeper charging full store or retail L prices for all goods supplied. In the same report we are told that these settlers not or only spend a lot of time in packing tucker, ur but can afford to rest an hour or two in the II township arguing polities and even theology. at Even thelittle work these men do turns out n, to be not only useless, but even huirtful. -e. Their work it seems is splitting firewood, a to commodity which local woodearters were ch able to supply. The consequence naturally is- is the inevitable deputation appears on the 'a scene, consisting of excited local -woodearters ise whoprotestagainst thefoolery of carryingcoal Ito Newcastle, or in other words, the foolery e a of sending men to chop wood, a commodity e wi~i which the market is overstocked. I h \- mention this,' said the frog, ' becauseit is p typical of other settlements. And now,' said he, ' let me look at the latest development of a the village settlement business, and heai' what I its twd great chamsPit the ex-Mi ister of Lands and the present one have to say about it. In the report of the Victorian Legisla tive. Assembly, of 18th July, we read that village settlements champion M'Intyre, who first entered the Parliamentary ring, asked champion M'Lean if he read the bill, Cham pion M'Lean indignantly replied that he P read it more carefully than his hon. op- ls ponent. Further on champion M'Lean sees 9 an opening and gives it to him straight in ti the bread bag, or brain ditto rather, by say- d ing, I thought my hon friend had not read the of bill.' So matters soon went right after this re bit of pugilistic ring tactics, by the use of m which one opponent in the ring succeeds in CC conquering another opponent by making him tii over-excited through telling him he is a cur, h and that he will slog the devil out of him be- t fore the fight i over. Both Mr M'Intyre ti and his opponent being old debaters, after lil coming to see, I suppose, they could not y catch each other by such weak chaff, settled PC down to.the usual tactics. So Mr M'Intyre w' continued amidst the cheers of his fellow af memberd by saying he had been a secretary for a league who 35 years ago were screaming out to unlock the land. Now sa that not only the land but the swamps were unlocked, to the tune of 30 or more pounds O° an acre for reclaiming, he would try and ca turn this land to account, and I presume will put the bailiffs on to every blessed frog a who may attempt to settle in these swamps lei again. In addition to the swamps he said he had 26 millions of acres of unsettled land in in his possession, and this showed that Mr ol M'Lean's bill authorising a quarter of a gr million of brand new sovereigns to be li handed to the Minister to purchase private Se land was a mistake. This bill;its lost by a dC fluke, but no doubt the owners of . private gri land which was likely to 'be claimed for W village settlement purposes wept with joy on I yo its _being thrown out, for they knew if once yo their bit of ground was spotted for a village git site they, like the unfortunate fellows who be cad toive their land :for. railway puposes Sra lby; inimdt iould haie'to 'part with - their land fbr a mere nothing, be robbed of it in fact. Mr M'Intyre continued his speech d by pointing out all the good points in his bill. It would give him power to give from £10 to £30 to any impecunious villager who1 would settle on a few acres of land. Of course Mr M'Intyre's eagle eye will at once j be able to detect the difference between the sponger and the faithful one, between the applicant worthy of the £30 and the one e worthy of the smaller amount. But if he be not able to deal with all the applicants him self he will appoint agents to do that. Hel forgot to mention though if an agent or clerk I died who recommended an undeserving ap plicantfor £30 whether it would be legal to place the bones of the dead clerk exposed at i the four cross roads as punishment for his l mistake. It also has become a great custom of . late proving alleged mismanagement against 1 dead men. Mr Mirals, late of the railway. department, has, I believe, come in for his share of that work. e 'Such trifles though must not be. taken much note of when we have a Minister like ' Mr McIntyre, who 35 years ago as secretary to a land-unlocking league was fighting like a y Trojan for the people's rights. How ineffee 11 tual his toils must have been though is n proven by his own words when he tells the House that it would be a heniousm Crime not i- to pass the village sertlement bill that ery moment, for he was besieged with men d whose faces were growing as small as a five . days' old baby's through growing wearing of I 6 waiting for the village settlement ast being passed. Here,'. said the frog, 'champion SM'Lean had an opportunity of giving cham e pion M'Intyre a 'chop on the snout' by Sasking him why he hibernated over this bill Sfrom mid-summer to now, enjoying a recess ad nd a big salary when he might be in session passing the bill. This sleeping over matkters for months and years, and then suddenly n awakening tothe fact that everything will go to the dogs if these matters be not im Smediately attended to is growing, to be a stale trick. So whether by design 'or not Mr M'Lean missed a chance at his opponent over Sthe puny matter in passing the village settle ment bill. If this bill excites disgust in al es cynic's mind through the apparent bankum e in it, I am glad,' said the frog, ' to say that) we can infer from it that the Government if and Opposition are noble foes of the d Rhoderic Dhu stamp, who know each other's worth. As a proof of this hear the winding ed up of Mr M'Lean's speech in which he says h that he object8 to a clause in the bill that gave of power to Jifinistersof Landa to make any con c, ditioans they thought ft witi the selectors. 'Of course,' said Mr M'Leau, ' this kingly power Sthe Land Act clause confers on the Minister ks would be perfectly safe in Mr M'Intyre's he hands, but som# future Minister would ap il pear who might not be so pure. and would Sabuse the power.' In plaintalk Mr M'Leaan ot may be supposed to say : "We live in an incorrupt age and the present Minister of Lands is surrounded by an aurora of honesty, but, like Lochiel's witch, 'though dark and Sdespairing my sight I may seal, still man ulcannot cover what God may reveal' ; for see in the distant future a Minister of Lands Smajr appear with horns on his head, and ly hoofs on legs, and a well-eveloped tail he behind.' Here we can imagine the ex r Minister of Lands asking for' a Lochiel's l cloak to cover his prophetical sight. It is enough to grieve the good man's heart to even think of the possibility of a dishonest Minister of Lands succeeding to so many I pure ones. 'I hope,' said the frog, ' many great men will. am.? -ampugn yog. before athis-- e appears.' p Here again I interrupted my loquacious friend, the frog, by saying' Have we already le not legions of great men 'and women, too, tl amongst us ' ti N' ame them,' said the frog, ' even Dr. a Pearson at a meeting of English notables, as lately reported in oneof the Melbourne papers gave them to understand indirectlylthat Aus- , tralia did not produce more' than a half s dozen of celebrities. He mentioned the name t of Madam Melba, who we all know has been at royally appreciated even by the Queen; he t mentioned Mr Ellery, who no doubt can of commune with or read the heavens ; he men- ai tioned Mr Hayter, who I believe one time ta had the pluck to publish N. S. Wales' statistics at his own expense; and he men- ii tioned Baron Von. Mueller, who could if he w liked immortalise as insignificant a person as it yourself by calling some newly-discovered posy after you. How do you think you ri would like having a blooming plant called a' after you, Macmanusia f Here I got in a passion at hearing it said 1 we had only a few great men amongst us and al said' I could name dozens of them.' I then m mechanically ran over the Doctor's list in at one breath, but immediately stopped when I at came to the last. oa Here, the frog gave a big laugh, and after . saying' So you can go no further,' with one i leap cleared out of my sight into the scrub, P It is easy to imagine how silly I appeared w in my own eyes at not being able to name W only those in the Doctor's alleged list of T great people amongst us, whilst I had' Par- hi liament and the Bench and the Civil w Service and, last though not least, the Shire w Councils, from all of which bodies the a greatest of great men could be selected. Why, so numerous are our great men that - you can pick out one from every second man you meet. A list of great men could be given now on the spur of a moment by any body having his wits about him, but it is problematice Ih 'I~ sh d appear on earth in ruthe meantime? As Ohinamen' bowl- their devils by tom-toms, so with the view of scaring off future demon Ministers of Lands, and also future demon Ministers of Rail ways, the advent of which I have no doubt f Mr Gillies fears too, I would suggest that e the following prayer, composed by me, he e repeated by every timid individual in Vic e toria night, noon and morning :-Prayer. - e From any future demon Minister of Lands, who might spoil the good work done by Mr M'Lean, Mr M'Intyre, and all other previous Ministers of Lands, Ghost of Solon deliver k us; No. 2 Prayer.-From any future demon Minister of Roads and Railways, who may o spoil all the good railway works of Mr Gillies (Shiels or Paterson did none yet), Ghost of Solon deliver us.-Amen. [FIns.] 