R.A.O.B, Lodge Midlothian, No. 12, S.B., held it3 usual weekly meeting on Wednesday evening last at Hostess Webster's Oxford Hotel, King-street, Newtown, the chair being occupied by the sitting primo. Henrv Cohen, and the vice-chair by Bro. Eziirt. It being a gala night, the commodious lodge- room was taxed to its fullest extent to find room for the numerous brethren assembled. The usual formal business of the lodge having been disposed of, the initiation of Mr, Laycock was proceeded with, tho cere- money being performed in a very impressive manner by Primo Cohen, ably assisted by Bro. Ezart, "Sir" G. IClees, "Sir" C. Paeey, und Primos Stokes Rusfeldt. After tlte initiation was over the peice do resistance came on, it being a comedy in two acts, entitled " Reconstruction Mad," specially written by Primo F. Westhoff, and the following was the cast Sir Supreme James, Primo J, Turley ; Father Confessor, Primo Klees ; First Nomad, Primo L. Gold berg ; Second Nomad, Primo Borne ; Third Nomad, Primo M. Goldberg ; Petor Boniface, Primo Stokes ; Charles Ketten, Primo Westhoff; Ghost, Primo Rusfeldt; Ali Falstaff, Primo Ezatt ; Brother Bill, Primo Millwood ; Offi cial Liquidator, Primo Cohen ; Chief Serang, Primo Ross; Recorder Goneral, Primo Humphries. A nice little stago was erected at one end of the room, and the piece all through wont without a hitch, some of the brethren exhibiting great elocutionary power, especially in the second act— the Nomads' return — when the acting of Primos Klees, Rusfeldt, Stokes nnd Goldberg fairly entranced tho brethren. The whole piece was produced tinder tho sole supervision of the author, Primo Westhoff, and ho was the recipient of compliments from tho members assembled. The scenory was executed by Prirnos Taylor and Blatchford, and the appro priate costumes wore kindly lent by Primo Cohen, while tho limelight effects, &c.;, were managed by Primo Chas. Smith. So great was the success of the piece that it is the intention of the members to pro duce it in public on the occasion of the anni versary social of the lodge, which is to take plnco at the Oddfellows' Hal), Newtown, early next month. At 10.55 tho lodge closed, it being admitted all round that the evening Bpent wa9 one of tho best yet held by the brethren of the Midlothian Lodge. 