A GHOST OF THE PAST Sir Robert Lisbam and his wife were not particularly silly, as newly married couples go. For one thing, Sir.Robert was thirty something; and when yon aro thirty something, gravity comes. Btithe was very much in love with^his young" wife. He handled her out of the family omnibus carefully, and the very prettiest ankle, and- the*"tiniest shoe peeped oat for a' moment as'she stepped down before one of-the big hotels on Trafalgar square. . As she tripped np the broad, carpete scairs to her room, there was a look of great happiness in her eyes. " And is my dear girl quite happy ? " 3aid Sir Robert. Yonng Lady Lisburn (she was tall aod pleasant looking) turned to him affectionately. , " Yonr dear girl," she said, "has bad her worries in her life. She had one big worry." " How big ? " Lady Lisbnrn widened her arms to give an idea of the size. " Bot it's all over now, and I am very happy, Robert." "Perhaps,"' said he, "perhaps the dear girl will tell me all abont it some day." " She may—some day," said the yonng bride, flushing. " Jnst now she is so contented that she doesn't want even to think abont it." The next morning they went off to the Eogadino. It was two months later when they returned, trunks and portmanteaus plastered all over with square and circular labels—Hotel Belle vuo, and Hotel Bean Rirago, and a lot ol others. Both Sir Robert and Lady Lisbnrn looked very jolly and well. There were letters waiting for Lady Lisbam. She read them in her bed room. As she saw the writing on one of the envelopes, she grew red and then very white. She perused the letter again and again, with hands trembling and a face that locked into the mirror with a frightened look. Then she turned off the electric light and sank on her knees and sobbed. They stayed in town for some days. They drove ont a good deal, visiting; bat yonng Lady Lisbnrn looked ill and ont of sorts, and scarcely' spoke to ber husband. He seemed to be repelled by her coldness. Onco or twice she tried to rouse herself; bat the look of worry quickly came back, and her husbind, placid and even as ho was, could not help feeling disturbed. One evening, in the latter part of the week, Lady Lisbnrn was sitting at the open window of their room, her face resting on her hand, looking ont into the square and seeing nothing. A page entered with a foreign mes sage. She opened it, read the type written words, and crumpled quickly the sheet in her hand as Sir Robert camo in. "I want to say something io you, Robert," she said in a shaky voice. He came over to her. "I want to go away from you for a few weeks." " A few weeks 7 " he repeated blankly. " A few weeks. Unless yon want me to be a miserable woman all my life, you must let me do this. Let me go ; and when I come back I shall be quite jolly, and I shall love you more than ever, and we—" "My dear,'* said Sir Robert, "yon are perfectly unreasonable! Yon are not yourself—" " Unfortunately I am," interposed the yonng wife, sadly. " Or you wouldn't dream of proposing such a preposterous tbing. Now, love, just yon go to bed early to-night and have a good' rest, and you will be all right in'the morning." ''• If you don't let ma go, Robert, I shall never be able to rest again. I shall be nothing but a curse to yon and a misery to myself for all my life. Do let me go." "My deir love," said Bir Robert, rising with a'very decided air, "if yon absolutely refuse to tell me the motive for your disappearance, I absolutely re fuse to let you go," "Then I—then'l must go without your permission." She said this without defiance and in the humblest way. ' Sir Robert went downstairs and stood at the hotel door for a few,minutes, smoking his cigar rather quickly. Then he turned and' went to the telephone room and looked in the book and rang np. Lady' Xißbarn, white and set of face, returned to her room and: prepared for her journey. It was a surprise to Sir Robert tb find in tho hftll, not ten minutes later, the man for whom he had telephoned. He was a burly, scarlet-faced man, tnd he gave: his card to Sir Robert'with an awkward," fat bow. " Thomas Bksteb, Fayre, Swearer and Company, Inquiry Agents." " Come; into • this room, Mr—Mr Better." Mr Bester wiped his boots with par ticular caro." "You'd like : something to drink, perhaps?" Mr Bester pulled his waistcoat down and coughed slightly, and said that, he didn't know.as a drop of whisky -would do bim-any particular harm. At any rate, he said (he said this with the air of a man-prepared for any experiment in the interests of science) he'd try. Sir Robert ordered a large' whisky, and gave instructions that he wag to be told when Lady Lisbnrn left the hotel. " We need not-briny until that hap pens," said Sir Bobert. He explained to Mr Bester what was required. There was to be no fuss, insisted Sir Robert, and no interference. AH that-Bester had to do wts to follow Lady Lisburu, and if she wbb in any danger to wire Sir [Robert at once, and himself take such steps as- he might think were necessary. "That's the'way," said Mr Bester, with approbation ; ','take things calmly. Muohbetter in-the long run. I ought to know. I've 'been at it 'in the Yard and ont*"of the Yard thirty,year come next Feb'u"aiy " ! "I suppose you'- ha*, had some interesting cases to deal with," remarked Sir Robert, politely. Mr Better Btood up and looked at himself in the mirror for a moment, aui then Bat down again heavily. " The most interesting," he said, " are them that nobody don't, deal with." Mr Bester took another sip from his tumbler and essayed to rest one knee on the other, hut found the position for a gentleman of his rotundity nnoomtortable,-. and relinquished the endeavor. " Look here, Sir Robert," sail Mr Bester, " here's a case in point. Jn.t what yon may call a little incident. Thit," taking a wax match from tba box and sticking it upright on tho table, "this is Mr Bertie Elleuborough'• and thu," taking another and sticking i< upright, " this is Miss—Miss Whatshcr •name. Really, I forgit the name. How- ever,-that don't matter." - - — - 'The door opened softly, Dnt neither oi the men noticed it. " "Very • well, then. Few yeare ago Mr Bertie Ellen-borough (that's thif one) knows Miss Whatshemame (that's this one) ; and she loves him and-writes him warn, rapturous letters — letters that she would be ashamed now to read, or for anybody else to read. Still, a good girl, mind yoa. Mr Bertie comes up to town, forgets her, goes to the bad, slip? himself oft to America and gets worse and worse. He becomes hard up, and what' does he do, then, bat blackmail Miss Whatshemame." " Mean raßcal!" exclaimed • Sir Robert, heartily. "Blackmails her. I happens to.gn oat to trace a cbnp, and I meets- Mr Bertie in' a bar, and he tells me all about it." "Ought to be hanged!" remarked Sir Robert. "But that isn't the worst. I tells him for a lark that I'm a bit of a scamp myself, and brags a bit; and then Mr Bertie goes one better, and assnres me that he burned those letters long ago, and he was only pretending he'd still got them. That beats anything, don't it? There a scamp for. you 1 Making a regular income out of it, too." " Girl married, I wonder?" . "So I understand," said Mr Bester. " Poor girl!" said Sir Robeit; " wonder who her husband is I " Sir Robert! " said a voice. They bad not turned on the light, and the room was growing dark. "My love 1" he said. " They told me yon wanted to see me," said Lady Lisbnrn; " and, my dear, I'm —I'm not going. I could not have known what I was talking about just now." "My dear heart! " exclaimed Sir Robert, delightedly. " Tell me what it was that was worrying you ? " " Why, absolutely nothing," answered his wife, decidedly; " there was no excuse for it." They took each other's hands. " Shall I look in again, Sir Robert ? " said Mr Bester, respectfully. He had been standing aside, and pretending, with excellent savoir fairs, to look cut of the window. " Oh, I beg pardou, Bester !" paid Sir Robert. " No, yon needn't look in again. I'll send your people a cheque for jour trouble. 