WIT AND HUMOR. CILDEROY AND THE COAT. " I had the meanest joke played on me over at Indianapolis the other day that a wbiteman was ever called upon to endure," eaW Frank Gilderoy, as he got outside of a r-.c^ngular meal at the Liudell table d'hote. "I had been wishing for some time past to become a Mason. I,had talked a great deal aboat it and my ambition became pretty well known to the travelling fraternity. About a dozen drummers were Sundaying at a hotel in the Hoosler hub, and they put cp a job on me that for breadth and depth of depravity stands without a parallel. "Tom Gaines—everybody knows Tomlives In Indianapolis. He was selected to steer me against the game. He pretended to be way up in G in masonry, Grand Master Mortar Mixer, or something or other of a emal] lodge in the city. Tom said that his lodge met on the Monday night next, and that if I desired to become a member he would see me through and give me all the 66 degrees ; said the usual fee for going through the entire gamut was 200lol., but that business was a trifle dull and they had reduced the rate for the month of October, and I could go through a-flying for 50dol. Bit 1 Of course I bit and bit hard. No sucker ever made such hot haste to swallow a hook Incased in red flannel. The rest of the gang pretended to leave town next day, but it was all a blind. " Well, sir, next night Gaines steered me against the goat. I had an idea that the Initiatory rite was a hair-raiser, but had no con ception of its true horror. I was ushered into a dimly lighted hall among goblins, ghosts, and chimeras-dire. I was tied on the back Of a large he-goat that bucked like a Mexican mustang, and the whole gang of goblins chased my PegaBus over bencheB and boxes for half an hour. Then I was plunged into a hog8headof ice-water. After I had partially recovered I was stripped, stood on a pedestal and painted like a zebra. Suddenly the light went out. The mystic hrotherhood chanted a lot of rot around me, the Grand Master Mortar Mixer leading the strophe and the Grand Master Hod-carrier doing the antietrophe act. Then I was informed that I would be required to stand without moving for one hour as a test of my endurance. I was told that I was circled about with spear points, and that to move meant death in large quantities, delivered suddenly. "Then the Grand Master Ladder Holder commanded silence, and I proceeded to endure* It was the longest hour I ever saw. It seemed to stretch out through all eternity and lap over the edge. I stood there from midnight until 5 o'clock. Then daylight began to creep through the windows, and I found that I wa 8 alone. The Grand Master Mortar Mixer and his gang of friendish Plates had made a sneak) leaving me standing there in the cold, like Patience on a monument, with only red, white and blue stripes for covering. I bought a double-action revolver that carried a ball as big as a door-knob and started out to look for Tom Gaines, but learned that he had gone to Mexico for the winter. If he yearns to see his grandchildren playing abont his knee he had best stay there." 