GENERAL MEETINGS. The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to aninmla met yesterday afternoon, when Mr. 1'. X. Treboek presided. There ivero also present.: Messrs. H. A. Thompson, J. 1). V. Lamb, J. R. Carey, and LI. ITar- greaves. Tho inspector's report shoved that during the month 14 prosecutions had been instituted by the society for the following offences:— "Working la me and decrepit horscs> seven ; working horses suffering from wounds, two; and starving horses, five. The matter of the tram rails in William- street and tho difficulty which horses ex perienced in obtaining a footing on it was brought ti) and discussed. The chief objec tion was taken to the centre grip rail, which presents a perfectly smooth surface to tlio horses' hoofs. It was decided to eommuui- cale with the Minister for Works ou tho subject. The monthly meeting of the North Five Dock Progress Association was held on Tuesday at the house of Mr. R. Denning, Die president, Captain Ghest, being in tiie chair. Statements were made by Mr. Tompkins as to the progress made in t/hn lny- | ing out of the new road across Gannon's Bu.-ih to Lvons-road. The new pieces of road had been cleared and securely fenced, and would lie thrown open to the public as soon as the necessary funds had been obtained to com- ploto the purchase from the vendors. For ibis purpose a uum of £150 i3 required to bo rainad by subscription from tho section of the public interested. Later on Air. R. M'Lcan was elected president in the room of Captain Ghcst, who had to retire from the position .under the rules, having been elected an alderman of the Borough. Regret wus expressed by the members present at Captain Ghost, h enforced retirement, and a hearty vole of thanks for tlio services rendered by him to the society since its inception wan carried. Tho first general meeting of the Rockdale Ratepayers' Association was held in tlio local Masonic-hall on Monday evening. Mr. I\ J. ilrcnnan presided. Regarding the pro posed requisition to the Mayor, asking him to eonveue a public indignation meeting for the purpose of discussing the financial posi- tion of the municipality, objection was taken to tho word indignation appearing in the minutes. Jt was pointed out that the society I in no way desired to act antagonistically to j tiie council, but rather to consistently afford them helpful support. Rules were submitted and adopted, and the following oificcrs elected: — President, Mr. P. «J. Brennan ; vice- president, O. Taylor; secretary, .1. jMackie; treasurer, J. Purccll : tyler, H. Hadlicld; committee, C. If. Lukins, W. A. Bcchag, E. Graves, W. Konnode, and T. Green. It was decided to hold meetings tho first Monday in each month. The usual Saturday night debate was held at Leigh Mouse on February 24, when it was unanimously affirmed "that notwithstand ing the defeat in South Sydney, the labor party should continue to contest seats in Parliament. " 